hey zippy guys quick announcement before
this vlog starts today the psychic twins
channel is officially launched and I'm
so excited go over to their channel but
the link down there or you can click
right here and you can watch them do a
reading on joey graceffa where they tell
him his future and maybe when he's gonna
die to make sure to go there channel
right now and subscribe and give them a
thumbs up and others gonna be a lot more
videos with them this year and they're
gonna be doing readings for pretty much
every single youtuber and it's going to
be very fun I enjoyed the vlog I hey
what's up you guys oh hey look you're
making a cameo in the best I'm just
kidding you fucking pieces of trash
today we're going to be eating IHOP food
okay I am so excited I have never had
IHOP well I have I've been I ha but I
just always get the salad which by the
way not good but I've always wanted to
try like one of their like big fucking
like pancakes with like whipped cream
and like chocolate shit my fucking
cheesecake on my peanut butter aside
I've always wanted that I've never let
myself do that
so today is a day we are going to eat
some mother gonna house not sponsz
wish it was does anybody want to sponsor
me do you guys want paint trash mow
sponsor me cuz I am you alright let's
get started alright first we are going
to try what is this ooh
I mean don't look like a mixers I was
very excited until now what is that is
that actual shit the chef is like you
know what let me just give it a little
extra this is the double chocolate
chocolate chip pancakes so you know what
I have a plate here I want to present
them nicely I want it to look just like
the picture I'll put some shit on it I
can't get the shit off it okay shit is
stuck Oh got it
that is an actual turd and now I'm gonna
add some Oh little syrup kicking my
system myself oh why am i trying oh oh
my god looks good
I just wanna know good oh yeah this has
become the Selena Gomez compilation and
I don't know why here we go oh my god
even though it looks gross I'm fucking
ready I'm gonna just cut it down all the
way down and do what they doing the
commercials where they like do that like
a cake like a fucking birthday cake town
is my birthday
okay sorry Selena I'll stop here we go
hmm err no oh my god Oh No oh man oh I'm
so disappointed I was so excited this is
why I don't get excited about life cuz
you just die that's tasted like old
people bread like that old people brown
bread with like the raisins in it and
all the old people are like oh no it's
like french toast those enemy in sweet
no it fucking tastes like ass with
raisins in it this is nasty
fuck you but still if you want to
sponsor me hi alright I'm disappointed
we're gonna move on and I'm gonna pick
one I know I'm gonna like alright this
is the red velvet dream pancakes huh
alright so I gotta add the syrup
obviously filled repeat repeat repeat
and then I forgot on the last one I got
to add the whipped cream ah yes
Oh oh my God look at her look at her oh
my god okay let's get into this
here we go when somebody loves you
everything is beautiful that was so good
I could only describe it as a Toy Story
montage all the flavors the textures
it's like a cake it's like a wet cake
it's like a cake that's been sitting
there all day at the party and you keep
looking at it like DM I could have an
extra piece but he's touching it then
you wait you wait you wait you don't
wanna look like a pig but then you know
what you give in to your pig mentality
and you walk over to that cake and you
go yeah that's what that just did to me
it made me a pig a plus just like selena
and Justin mean I hop her back but might
not be for that long because the next
one we have looks gross this is oh my
god oh my god why oh if the camera it
looks even worse oh my god it's like I
didn't know I was pregnant oh oh okay
uh this is stuffed french toast I'm just
gonna abort that onto a plate oh my god
ooh okay listen who would do this I
would do a lot I wouldn't do this
alright let's cut into this baby alright
oh she's screaming at me oh she is not
happy
with Mama baby pooped her pants baby
needs to be changed all right I'm gonna
get a big ol hunk okay here we go this
the biggest Nick Oh wah oh damn you know
boom what's inside of that literally
that the inside tasted like a melted
lunchable or like a big block of cheese
why would you want cheese inside of your
fucking french toast
Oh anybody anybody who eats that on the
rig and it's like oh I have they got
this thing there that it's my favorite
it looks like a dead baby if that's you
unsubscribe go watch BuzzFeed go watch
Bethenny one fact watch anything else
this is awful
oh all right hopefully this one will be
damn it you why I'm not even but this
one on a play it's not even fucking
worth it anymore oh my god all right you
know what no can you serve for this this
needs to be wet oh I made it worse any
whipped cream Oh the whipped cream was
melted so look what happened oh it's
like a clown gave birth all right here
we go yeah
I specifically remember ordering caramel
bonbons and I don't think any of these
are caramel bonbons Denny's would have
never done that all right here we go oh
jeez man Oh okay we're back together
I'm leaving even for a minute like I saw
that he like another girl's picture on
Instagram and I was giving him the saw
dog but then he was like baby that was
an accident that was a slip of my finger
I was trying to reply to a text from you
with a heart and a smiley face and then
I accidentally hit it on Instagram oh
thank you so sweet I'm just gonna keep
it your bullshit all right so that was
not bad we have one more left and I'm
hoping that we keep our relationship
going strong this is Oh hold on it looks
so much better than it smells
my bio on tinder okay so it's pumpkin
spice chicken waffles and it looks
amazing
that's smell that just hit me in the
face Wow
oh my god it's like a drag queen after
like a long night like she still looked
good but then you smell her and you're
like that's ma'am this is me Oh God Oh
it's wet how do these smell this is
these are the problem areas this is the
issue oh my god okay well you know we're
gonna put some syrup on it and hopefully
it works I've never had chicken and
waffles before I know that's like a
thing and everybody's like chicken and
waffles is so good well here I go
joining the club all right here we go
I'm nervous
don't do me wrong don't do me dirty at
first I was afraid I was petrified I
think in you my taste is like you smell
and I would die but then I give you as a
survey now to look up he's off the side
and I'm alive and I'm back with I hop
for the rest of my life
oh no good good good oh a mixture of
like Oh the chicken and the chicken
cause he's like McDonald's chicken and
then you got the waffle waffle kind of
tastes like a Taco Bell waffle and then
you put those things together and it's
like I didn't know I was pregnant but
then you pull the baby up and it doesn't
look like that it looked like that I
love my new baby I'm so happy we ended
with that because honestly I was getting
nervous but this was a good day this was
a good day all right you guys hopefully
you enjoyed eating with me I enjoyed
eating with you and uh make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
because I make new videos every single
day and let me comment down there let me
know what other food I should try I've
never tried fuck or follow or fuck I
don't know something like that B I'll do
that next
and you guys I'm gonna go I will see you
little babies tomorrow I love this first
of all she's killing it with that jacket
ensemble her hairs on point what is the
big reveal at the end of this video as
she takes off that trench coat and she's
just covered in blue waffles
