hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
happy new year and you are not entirely
disconnected from everything that makes
my reality real you will know that 2016
is happening right now and it just began
it's a new year as they say happy new
year so couple weeks back on rom-com I
made a video where I reacted to
rollercoaster accidents you guys really
seem to have a fun joyous time with it
so this week in honor of the birth of
the new year 2016 I'm going to be
reacting to birthing videos have I ever
seen a birthing video once in sixth
grade during sex ed and the entire class
was giggling am i nervous to do this
I've been more nervous for other things
but I've also been more excited for
other things to have so without further
ado let's watch some humans pop out
vaginas alright so I'm going straight to
YouTube and I'm going to type in birth
and see what I'll just like see what
happens the first one that pops up has a
cup nail that is to say blaze a little
spooky on it is called birth in nature
natural birth let's go for it
I'm not feel like quiet moaning like uh
uh it's like she's just wearing
uncomfortable pants or something she's
just sitting there like waiting for the
child to pop out of her she looks so sad
oh my god the baby she's going oh oh oh
how many more squirted oh my god she's
like really giving birth she's like
really giving birth in a creek oh she
was so calm about it like I wouldn't be
surprised if she birth babies in a creek
a few times a week the next video we're
going to be watching is titled natural
unmedicated birth with original sounds
are you kidding the baby's already born
that's not what I signed up for
oh no that was just like a little teaser
at the beginning of the video so you
know what's to come a baby will in fact
be born the picture is so graphic ah oh
my god there wasn't no warning just like
straight up a half birthing vagina right
there we're like right there there
wasn't I couldn't have done anything to
hide to protect myself there was nothing
to be done
this putana doesn't look like as open as
the other ones work with how you're
feeling I like the therapist is present
like I can't tell if she's losing blood
or it's just like a black hole where the
baby's gonna pop out oh my god it's
gonna pop it's gonna pop and yeah oh my
gosh there's like a baby in there
there's a okay
the worst part I'm pausing it because we
need to talk I don't know that the worst
part for like the most alien creepy part
of watching these videos is when there's
just like the head stuck out of her
vagina so she just like stood up and
like acted Nats well there would just be
like this like if we it looks mutant
okay and okay the amount of flesh yeah
it's actually kind of sweet I'm really
excited I'm I'm feeling emotions
honestly honestly like GBH abhor being
honest I think that's all the birth I
can handle for today something that I
did find to be like beautiful about the
experience is just how excited everyone
just was when the baby came out and the
babies like then everyone's like and the
babies like and then everyone there is
like yeah the life lesson behind this
video if you want to have a baby this
year do it
happy new year everyone whoa j16 thank
you guys for watching this life filled
episode bomb calm hopefully we didn't
eat you with their awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this video
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
my channel to check out the latest video
that is there I also made this calendar
with two other youtubers on you first
whoa and the first month on the calendar
actually has to do with giving birth as
well so be sure to check this out at
lettuce guy comm link in description I
will see you next week with a brand new
episode of uncom it's all good yeah
