hey what's up you guys welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is destory
and i just wanted to say thank you to
everyone who's been watching what the
fuck news for the past year been an
amazing year of what the fuck dudes it
has been even more of an amazing year
for me I just want to say to all of you
guys who've been watching for the past
year thank you guys so much for making
2015 a great year that means that I
thought it'd be interesting to show you
guys the weirdest and most what-the-fuck
moments from 2015 and what the fuck news
so without further ado here are the
funniest moments from what the fuck news
of 2015 my name is Esther and I happen
to really enjoy mac and cheese even
though when you stir it it sounds like
you're having intercourse Oh none of you
will ever think of mac and cheese the
same way I would be sorry about I'm not
the first thing that I wanted to talk
about today is Justin Bieber's wiener
Justin's lips pink has been the news
lately due to a picture that was
released as a Calvin Klein ad showing
off Justin's manhood but in its wake a
lot of other websites have claimed to
have the wheel untouched picture
including some of these beauties oh wow
yes that is that is beautiful I
personally love this one I there's no
way that this one isn't real maybe he
was born with it or maybe Justin's meat
sector was all over the internet this
last week after several photos of his
clam javlin were leaked online really
this is just a prime example of why
being a celebrity probably sucks because
he can't go on vacation and fucking
enjoy yourself without some weird
paparazzi being there like oh yeah
that's the first story I have to mention
is about the girl who contacted the
Guinness Book of World Records last week
after she claimed to have the world's
longest tongue hey baby come on over to
my house let's stir some macaroni I'm so
sorry she decided to send pictures of
her tongue into Ripley's Believe It or
Not but Ripley responded in an email
saying hey tom is really
who like to see more is it a smear we're
getting this email be really creepy if
it weren't under these circumstances get
a tongue is really cool that's what the
fuck news have you ever wanted to put
your penis and someone's ankle no well
now you can I never sex toy has the
whole world wanting one be cleverly
named Pacheco which is a vagina built
into a severed human ankle what the fuck
why does this exist my question is how
do you explain this when someone comes
over your house and sees it and is like
hey Steve what's that then oh that's
what the jangle dude what the fuck is a
Bojangles oh it's just a vagina built
into a human ankle no big deal just
don't touch it up this is a lot of semen
in it yeah I I gotta go um yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna go welcome to sexy sexy
singles com weird sexy singles in your
area wanna meet you no way it must be
because of all the iPads I wanted a one
like five iPads and now sexy singles
want to meet me what is happening today
Valentine's Day was last week and in
teach you didn't get anything for a
significant other nothing will say I
love you more than an edible chocolate
anus what the fuck you can now send or
receive your very own chocolate butthole
but the company says is carefully
handcrafted from their very talented
butthole model God that must be
embarrassing to tell people your job
title so Samantha what do you do um well
I'm actually a a butthole model yeah
just get up on a table and spread my
butthole apart and then people make that
into edible chocolate treats hey where
you going the morals of up news a
Florida man was arrested last week after
he ran through the streets naked had sex
with a tree tried to stab a police
officer with his own pin while he
claimed to be gone what don't fuck this
is pretty much the most perfect stay off
drugs message that you can send to kids
don't do drugs kids unless you want to
look like this guy and get arrested Brad
and sexual some trees and just don't
don't look away Jimmy you need to see
this I also tried to get an interview
with the tree that was violated but I
was only able to get this excuse me
ma'am may I have a word can you explain
to me what he did to you powerful stuff
powerful stuff indeed thank you
desperate first woman was in the news
recently after she got her entire body
tattooed with pictures of Rihanna
what kind
Rhianna lyrics are you gonna get
tattooed on your body hi I was a gun
what can I do for you okay so if I could
get under my umbrella ella ella eh eh eh
right there that made great and then on
this arm I wanted to get pour it up pour
it up that's how we ball out that's how
we ball out how much is that gonna cost
but actually when I heard that Britney
Spears is making a new song home pretty
girls I was like wait this Britney
Spears all around the world
ready go oh my god I'm just aa private
one thing though that I like about the
music video is that it actually promotes
safe driving T Lisa wearing their
seatbelts while they're not paying
attention to the road at all oh wait
just kidding all around the world pretty
girls we get in head-on collisions now
we're not pretty looks like when have
you ever seen a tattoo of someone's face
that doesn't look like complete shit
perfect examples for that one time you
asked your tattoo artist to put a cougar
on your back and you got this what the
hell is this thing why does this thing
look like it wants to die next what the
fuck news a woman was sentenced to six
years in jail after she put shit in her
six sons hospital IV - the fuck like
where did she even get shit to put in
there in the first place and how did she
get it in there and what happened when
she got caught like man what are you
doing are you putting shit in your son's
IV - I know it's a it's it's it's it's
it's chocolate mmm
that's so good oh my god no that's shit
that is shit anyway is he 35 year old
Candida fluty sounds like the name of a
serial no one revived hey Jimmy got some
more Candida fluty mmm anyway she
recently pleaded guilty to child
endangering after she put fecal matter
that's poop to you and me in her son's
IV tube after she was trying to get a
nurse's attention to care for her son or
you could have just been like excuse me
miss my son could use some medical
attention instead of my son needs
medical attention
I guess I'll shit in his IV it's the
fuck anyways poop veins now resides and
now that his mom is serving her sentence
in a Virginia prison where every meal is
like shitting your IV a little taste of
your own medicine
and the first store that has been all
over the internet this week is the
Charlie Charlie challenge basically it's
where you try to summon a Mexican demon
okay-y but obviously nothing terrible
happened because of the challenge but I
can't help laughing imagining if
something actually did happen hey guys
so I'm building the Charlie Charlie
challenge plus like what kind of a demon
name is Charlie it's like the least
threatening demon name of all time hey
guys I'm Charlie the demon oh wait it's
a Mexican demon isn't it ya'll guys my
name is Johnny been one what the fuck
news a British woman was sent to jail
this last month after her neighbors
complained about her having sex too loud
sometimes you gotta look at the bright
side though at least it was the girl
being loud or not the guy oh yeah oh
yeah oh that feels so good
yeah oh I'm gonna shit I miss you I'm
gonna shit look lady my advice if you
can't control the volume of your sex
sounds at least try to mask them like
something else
like opera singing for example then your
neighbors will be like oh that's so
fucking beautiful this investigation has
started in Liverpool England after a
woman was caught on CCTV footage pulling
down her pants and shitting in the
middle of an aisle in a grocery store
but fuck when you gotta go you gotta go
I guess but could she does not wait to
get to the bathroom
I'm so confused like what was going
through this woman's head well I really
cannot make it to the bathroom good
enough ha according to the footage - the
woman gets done shitting gets up and
then continue shopping like nothing
happened
ah yeah alright where's the ravioli the
twerking but I have so many questions
number one doesn't get wet or is it just
drier than Hillary Clinton number two
does it have two holes or no number
three can I eat the booty like groceries
number four why is it white that's
unrealistic we all know white girls
can't twerk number five how tight is it
because if it's anything like my
ex-girlfriend that's not good he was
like putting a thumbtack of the ocean
the woman got pregnant after having a
one-night stand with a guy that she met
on Craigslist and is now trying to find
him again in hopes that he wants to be a
dad I really need mom to be his plan to
find the guy was to make another ad on
Craigslist explaining these situations
what the guy looked like as well as a
sketch of what she remember
him looking like which looked like this
oh fuck what in the fuck is that
what did she expect is gonna happen for
putting a picture of this thing online
some guys just gonna be like yeah that's
me pretty sure it'd be even funnier them
up it happened like this I'll ever find
me man I slept with Never Say Never
Oh Lord oh you came for me the last only
list is Turtles who are known to have
the weirdest looking penises I've ever
fuckin seen and often mount things like
rocks and shoes to masturbate or they
just think that rocks and shoes are just
really unresponsive female turtles I
don't have also turtle sex sounds are
hilarious and it is because of those
sounds that have adopted the new saying
baby you make me moan like a
masturbating turtle because ladies don't
tell me that that would be attractive if
you guys don't like that in fact that's
pretty much what I sound like when I
have sex I have no idea why I'm still
single well Sam is back to making more
terrible life choices as he uploaded
another prank video where he's killing
someone in front of someone else
personally I just think that Sam pepper
is just an evil twin in that somewhere
right now his good twin Sam salt is
doing charity work and helping people we
know I just can't wait to see what prank
Sam does next and calls them a social
experiment hey guys Sam pepper here
today I'll be bringing a gun into a
nursing home and pointing it at
traumatized War veterans hey guys it's
Sam pepper here today I'm going to be
going into an orphanage and telling the
orphans that the parents are still alive
but don't worry it's just a social
experiment to teach people not to be
fucking orphans like I don't have a ton
of confidence as it is but it certainly
doesn't get any better when the
front-facing camera at my phone
accidentally turns on and I'm sitting
there like
oh no matter
or even worse when you're taking a
picture of yourself and you think you
look pretty good and then someone else
takes a picture of you without you
knowing they're just like god yeah old
one was arrested last week after she was
caught masturbating in a Walmart
bathroom stall with a giant Jimmy Dean
sausage oh okay according to the worker
he also claims that the site was
something that will quote haunt his
dreams forever it also went on to say
she didn't even stop she just stared at
me and then kept going you just know
that this guy just stays awake day after
day just rolling around in his sheets
with his eyes wide open saying what was
that sausage so big one question I had
though is what did they do with the
sausage did they throw it away did they
put it back on the shelf I mean it is
Walmart I wouldn't be surprised what is
the sausage smell winner I also just
love what he says in the end when he's
like what is this a reality TV show with
Ashton Kutcher welcome back to mace just
go thanks bull oh my god you got me so
good somebody went viral last week of a
woman going through McDonald's
drive-thru filming herself getting
pissed off at the employees that her
cookies were fresh this muhfucka
McDonald's never have my motherfucking
fresh cookie I got a call every time
this video is exactly why I could never
work a real job because the second that
someone started talking shit to me I'd
be like Wragby ass employees really if
anyone hears the definition of raggedy
girl it's you it's not one that you like
cookie so much bitch you look like a
cook
yeah I would not be a good worker
anyways that is it for this episode of
one the fuck news hopefully you guys
enjoyed the video if you did make sure
to like this video and also subscribe to
Shane's channel as I will be continuing
what the fuck news in 2016 also just
wanted to say thank you to Shane Dawson
yet again for giving me this opportunity
I think I've been watching Shane since I
was a sperm in my dad nut so so you
don't be given this honor to be part of
his awesomeness and uh you know on his
channel is just a really really big deal
for me and also thank you guys for you
know watching me and putting up with me
for this past year that means that I
will see you next time for another what
the fuck news thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
