Oh even have a party what are you doing
oh I was just hanging out saying that's
ironic
because I was gonna call you over here
oh my god so you know how the Queen yeah
well you know how Queens like to spend
sure what I was searching online trying
to find ideas to steal and I saw a bunch
of different youtubers doing videos
called mystery box I've heard of these
where they buy like $20 mystery boxes
and then they open them and then they'd
see what's in them are you baby yes $20
but that's for trash today we're doing
okay so here's the situation so I'm
gonna give you thousand dollars and you
have to go out and fill this box with a
bunch of random crap and then I'm gonna
open it tomorrow and have myself a
Christmas they're giving me a thousand
dollars I know a thousand dollar video
was a thousand dollar pizza with drew
and quit sponsoring it then I was like
wait hey quit let's do this again so
they were sponsoring this video and
letting me give you a thousand dollars
isn't that nice no here's the thing okay
so I already said this last night but
you guys know Quinn is an amazing app
they have a bunch of stickers it's kind
of like bitmoji but better
yes I'm dragging and not only do they
have stickers of me and my pads and
Ryland and gareth bale another cool
stickers too from different TV shows and
different things that you guys would
know so go over to Quaid it is free
download it open the link right down
there and there's gonna be so much more
stuff they're doing gifs and memes and
I'm old so I don't know what any of that
means I'm sure it's great
Oh they could also trade with their
friends you can like trade stickers into
is this Queen oh my god okay boom I got
it for when you're going crazy if you
don't know how to tell your friends ever
to break down Oh Shane what are you
really gonna cook here I'm cutting into
my brain to kill myself oh I love it do
it you can send that one to your mom oh
no in all honesty thank you so much
Quinn I never get brand deals it's very
exciting that you want to work with me
again thank you guys for downloading it
last time because it made them want to
do another video and I'm really excited
to give Karen thousand dollars you go
buy me shit bucks that seems like a very
very bad idea
yes okay so you go do this I will see
you tomorrow I'm sweating wait a minute
anything I want
yeah this whole box the whole thing and
if you pocket some of the money I'll
know you're not oh my god
they're use and that's we like that and
there is welcome soon come on nothing's
going on I'm always at your house with
Rylan just hanging out when you're not
here come on what's going on I'm scared
I don't like super no it's okay come on
come on come on
we unscared well remember the mystery
box video we were talking about
aha well we might have a little
something for you this mystery box is
for a man named Shane calling a bad
piggy and he'll squeal in pain this box
is very wild spooky fun and gross it's
not miles we hope it will drive you
insane
hi I'm Marilyn and I'm just inviting you
into my box she's literally running away
really show them the magic literally
more excited than you oh I will this was
Rylan stuff cuz he didn't have tape here
we go do I dig in yes
okay here we go okay okay okay wait
what's in a fucking box be careful be
careful um it's smells I know it's not
what does it smell like the mystery take
it in take it in no shit mystery sauce
well there's not are you kidding me you
don't know what's in there yes there's
actual trash in it that's just at the
top it's literally so deep there's so
much stuff in me well keep in mind the
impersonator was 250 anyways she was 250
yeah that she was 250 Marilyn Monroe's
$250 you could have got Cameron Dallas
and he would have done it for 100 okay
here we go okay big first okay that has
a story it with the story to that is
that there's a bunch of high schoolers
that hang out outside of Taco Bell after
school that's why I win and I fought him
like $80 worth of Taco Bell yeah make a
wish
they were so happy oh and then I gave
the rest to a homeless person so this is
just symbolizing five hundred dollars
you spent it's symbolizing kindness and
you can take a bottle
you now that is precious right well okay
all that is is it's just a fun ghost
holding a pumpkin and I got it at the
Halloween store they're not dead
I figured I don't know they could just
be nice around the house they really are
they'll be nice right there
violin control him rattling okay okay
okay okay
all right oh these are fun you know what
I figured I figured we could piss our
pants together okay I'll put it on there
they're for all sizes
oh my god oh oh here I'll move the box
over do it like a big baby okay wait no
no we should be clean mistake yes I'm
just trying to figure out how it works
that is a big diaper should this look
like someone's working on a car right
now or something
oh my god come on with me let me get in
there come on
they're from the third store I mean
really do you want me to yeah they'll
change into that diaper baby
okay keep opening your shit this is fine
yes mystery Oreos for a mystery box
mystery cream cominius Shana Oh
oh my god what is that flavor are they
different flavors
that was fucking gross Ryan is here
kappa mystery oreo riley go peep peep no
I'm nervous baby piece oh my god our
gardener Ellen thanks thanks tell the
gardener is that we'll give them an
extra 50 this week Jesus okay okay what
does that one two units so this is an
original Ouija board from 1992 and I
know you love it because remember we had
to abandon ours when that demon followed
us home 99 either - do you not remember
that we literally threw it away because
we almost got killed by a demon you know
we could do what let's put it in your
house
Shane no I'm not having more demons in
my house I already have enough oh my god
oh right you can do that one next what
the fuck is this oh my god why is this
besides my coal wave I don't know what
it is it was also a lot of money how
much money was this not important
next thing all right let's see what next
you just pick something that is actually
really cool Shane do you know what this
is no it's a book of humans being
dissected
I can literally make a book of me
dissecting youtubers pictures on
Instagram for how much they 1500 I love
it today we'll be on the cover why I
said Tana will be on the cover oh it's
just a kooky wig would you snatch it
from Oh funny um no it probably has
licensed ok ok ok I know for are scary
videos like when we go through mazes and
stuff that's like a nice this is cool a
GoPro I know it already so go I already
have all the equipment to like put it on
our chests and stuff so we can like on
I'm gonna throw you off the building ok
Oh what the fuck is this carrot cake
cupcakes I didn't know that they would
melt like that one of them is eaten yes
I ate it that literally looks like my
ass I know I say that joke a lot but
that's my let me show you cuz that's it
yeah it'll be secure it take out three
little ass little there's another wig
yeah because there's two of us next
there's another wig oh I forgot I got
three next condoms oh oh that's a
lubricant so I was in CVS cuz I had to
run in and grab something right and then
this woman I said hey what's the most
expensive thing in here and she was like
what was this $24 for the lube after tax
30 you know it's free
I know I love it I know because when I'm
in a bad mood all I do is watch friends
I know yeah we're right you talked about
this before love you Phoebe what is oh
you haven't seen the best of it so this
is a little piggy playing a banjo Oh
nothing's happening look at that
oh you when you're filling your videos
all right what next
they just hold a tumbler I don't even
know what a tumblr is but I love this
it's the perfect amount of gay just half
right oh look this is me and then this
is you what like half gay and then all
the way gay wait I always bring the tea
lights so I always bring the tea no
joke's on you it's from a thrift store
so we really can't take it back yeah but
look at it she's funny
I do love Catholic humor oh my god why
is this me literally
Oh same outfit same fear in the eyes
next thing I'm Madonna CD oh that's me
pregnancy workout oh that was in case
you got Ryland pregnant
oh what's that a table oh that's the
holiday the Halloween season sorry about
the hair no this is cool so this is like
one of the nice things this is a book
full of dead children no that's cute I
love it I'm gonna show the audience a
dead kid I don't want to get demonetized
I need to pay for this dear wait let me
show you a brand friendly dead kid
oh this is actually another really cool
thing and it was on sale like it's made
out of wood at camp car what is that
like a girl ghost why is there an old
woman inside her stomach where did you
get this Halloween Town but it was on
sale Shanee where Ranma has the best
treats oh that's just for when you're
eating because you get messy my
grandma's dead are you trying to trigger
me she did have good treats she made me
obese she really did it oh I know I know
she just got me a bunch of diet coke
yeah I'm gonna crack one open with my
boys see you soon grandma is that poop
oh let me see oh no it's not I promise
is this a subway sandwich I thought you
might want the other half okay can I
tell you why pink is the back of hope we
can split this it's a meatball sub have
you ever had subway yeah I have half of
that today your loss we're not spawn
here not by subway huh
I just didn't know if you had it do you
like that movie no baby's mama
I don't know if you've seen it how did
you have time to take a family portrait
of me make a DVD out of it Riley she's
literally us oh my god being you in the
back powering the world oh there's one
more thing okay so that has a story no
it does it was $50 that's a lot I know
but it was actually $6 but there was
this woman had a bus stop and I said hey
do you think this is cute but she didn't
speak English do you think there's
pumpkin is cute this little guy this is
cute right and so she went to take it
and I was like oh my god I can't give it
to her so I just pulled out $50 and I
gave her 50 instead and said buy your
own Halloween decorations bye I love you
I don't know so this is worth 50 when
did you think I literally was superwoman
giving out my girl I didn't want to do I
got nervous this is a $50 what did this
buddy look so they're just kind of have
fun and please don't throw those for the
love of God don't throw those Shane oh
well you probably damaged a felt good
that's not like $50 then it was worth it
is that that yeah $1,000 mystery box
when you say it like that it makes me so
angry I know you're kind of sad so I
have some really good news for you your
viewers can go over to my channel and
watch my whole journey of me getting all
these things for you
don't akito-kun
anyways links at the end of this video
yeah Mystery Box challenge
I wasted a thousand dollars and Garrett
probably will make over a thousand
dollars on his video Shane you've wasted
a thousand dollars look at this my life
is falling apart they turn it over to
Gary's channel subscribe to check out
the video of him buying all this crap
it's nothing my money it's not crap I
can literally just watch the riland piss
in a diaper also make sure to subscribe
to my channel if you want to see all the
other videos I mean Garrett have done
together there's been too many I hope
I'll see you guys later
I'm gonna crawl on this box die we could
never we couldn't breathe let's tie it
up like make sure it's shot I have an
idea what oh this is fun look you can
put these on in the video and just piss
our little pants $24 just to make your
genitals slippery this is 50 I love you
that's me when I haven't eaten in 12
minutes just imagine a little burrito
right there
oh my god
