this honestly is what dreams are made of
this Hilary Duff was thinking about hey
now this is conveyed uh maybe this is
why I'm alone had to be guys yes I am
terrified I got a tweet the other day
telling me hey Shan you should do a
video where you react to blue waffle I
have seen a picture of blue waffle like
10 years ago I don't really remember it
it was definitely not waffles so I was
like you know what I'm gonna take this
challenge I'm gonna accept this blue
vagina and I'm gonna give it to you guys
wait what anyways if you don't know blue
waffle is I honestly really don't either
let's go google it okay Urban Dictionary
says blue waffle is go to google.com
type in blue waffle and then click I'm
feeling lucky then you'll know what the
fuck it means that's not a definition oh
hey here we go
blue waffle it appears to be an STD on
the vaginal region some related words
are vagina blue waffle penis pussy STD
gross whore cunt nasty sex slut blue
waffles disgusting
dick shit aids pink sock red pancake I
mean I'm at the Loretto
all right let's go to Google and feel
lucky I guess shit oh my god oh my god
okay I can't show you this I'll show you
some of it alright we're gonna start
with this that's not what it is this I
don't know what that is I think that's a
horse's mouth oh my god I mean that's
like beyond flossing that's like you
need a power drill that's some acid huh
holy shit oh my god I love that I won't
be surprised at my grandma's cooking a
blue awfully non sir she got around okay
that's definitely not blue waffle but
that's everything oh my god I'm gonna do
that DIY is that a pin what is that that
would be called like a bubble beard no
hipsters are always so much cooler than
me oh my god that's too far I mean and
that's coming from me that's that's do I
don't want to know
alright I'm gonna search for some videos
of blue waffle what is happening
is transmitted who is that oh wait is
that a real person is that a robot what
is hat off of it I hate the Internet
wait is this like a thing where you can
make her say whatever you want cuz I
need that in my life
that's not a vagina that's feet more
videos of what blue awful robots
honestly subscribe oh my god wait they
have another video it's called his blue
ruffles real yeah what is happening I
love this first of all though she's
killing it with that jacket ensemble her
hair's on point what is the big reveal
at the end of this video is she takes
off that trench coat and she's just
covered in blue waffles it also changes
the color of a woman's discharge what
purple blue galaxy pussy some people are
sure it is and others aren't so sure
okay first of all that's a picture of a
woman looking inside of a dude shorts
robot on our shit oh my god I made a
video four years ago called Rebecca
black and blue waffle I'm such a piece
of shit was I've been trying to say she
was probably 13 I'm a bad person all
right last but not least I'm gonna draw
the waffle I'm gonna show you guys if
you can't see it for yourself I'm gonna
show y'all what it looks like okay just
adding the bumps adding a little bit of
blood yeah oh damn that's good I'm a
that's a purple it's gonna add a little
bit of Brown try to make this look very
real all right and this is blue awful
this is exactly what it looks like
so don't google it I'm giving it to you
here alright guys go that was me looking
at blue waffle if there's any other
weird random scary shit I should look up
let me know down in the comments also
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe there's on my new videos every
single blue waffle and I will see you
Awful's tomorrow stay blue woo yeah
oh this is killing at you I don't know
if you can see that but look at all the
hair hold the fucking cotton hair you
know don't judge my galaxy
