and I have to cover this part with um
basically a condom which is perfect it's
this big old Reese's Bell fuck me up
heads up you guys yes it has been a
while since I've tried not to laugh so
today I thought it'd be fun if I looked
up some videos on YouTube and watch them
with you guys and let's see who laughs
first I guarantee it's gonna be you it
takes a lot to make me laugh
it takes blood okay this first video is
called why chihuahuas don't run on the
snow first of all has four million views
so I don't know who's searching for that
title but I'm gonna meet that person oh
look at this donkey oh oh my god what
wait where did it go this better be a
magic trick this guy better be like a
vine magician or something I think that
was real no bond so oh my god did I
laugh I think ice crafts when you scream
and laugh or did I guess when you gasp
and laugh where did I Scrabble
that's a game I don't play cuz it's for
smart people alright let's look at
another video it was speaking of
chihuahuas there is so many words awawa
videos this one is called cute chihuahua
video Pancho the reindeer dog is this
the same guy does he just keep doing
this did you just keep torturing this
dog oh my god I don't like the way her
voice sounds you know I mean like some
people when they're talking their dogs
like cute maybe like a baby voice this
girl's doing like a fuck my voice which
I do not do to my dogs well I did it
when I was like 12 but not anymore I
don't know I hope there was no peanut
butter in her house
let me just go on the record to say that
was not a tryna to laugh video but I
still watched it and I still kind of
laughed damn it I just love dogs you
know what I don't love though cats let's
type in funny cat video by the way I
have two cats so it's not like I hate
cats it just takes a lot for me to like
a cat cuz cats are like rude and like
you know what like when you're getting
dressed in front your dog your dog kind
of like looks away but if he does look
at you he's like I love you when I get
just in front of my cat it looks at me
like you off your diet what happened
thought you cut out cheese kcy and I'm
just not about that life
okay this video is called funny cats
compilation funny cat videos it's has 70
million views ha damn give me some okay
so far no laughing there's just a cat
sitting with what was that a testicle
what is hanging in front of it by the
way is not a good game to play with your
cat trust me I have played it oh no oh
no this is not gonna be good
all kind of drown whoo that would make
me laugh okay this sucks this is not
funny why do cat people think that's
funny
do they just put your cat in water and
buckets and fucking trying to kill it
although that should make me laugh but
it doesn't oh that is a sad cat oh my
god eat it
but don't go that's ash ooh but do it
ooh but lids her mom Oh No whoo that cat
scared that alligator see what I'm
saying my cats got those eyes all right
let's go to a different video I don't
care about these cats anymore let's type
in funny Falls huh you know which willow
Falls ooh okay I trust this one it's
called
ultimate fail collection 2013 39 million
views I'm ready for 39 million Falls
Oh No oh I already know what's gonna
happen
do it girl do it give it to me oh that's
not seat that's not funny when there's
water under her it's funny when it's
breaks oh no oh my god this where he
craps had his insides oh my god oh no oh
what was that funny that wasn't funny
first of all if you're gonna give me a
video of a guy with a huge amount of
weight on his shoulders you better have
him crap out his innards you better show
me some goatse oh my god
oh no don't give a little boy stick oh
fuck oh my god my birthday that's what I
want
no oh my god I know this guy oh he's
going to not happy oh god oh god oh god
he's gonna get punched in the face we do
get punched in the face oh my god I want
it so bad yeah yeah I'm getting off I
love that yes power to the silver people
oh oh oh my god I need that again
I need that again okay here we go one
more time oh that is so fucking good if
I was working at that store I'd be like
that's what you get everyone that she
was taken over and everybody's throwing
milk at the store and they're like
calling it a milk challenge or something
I don't know all I was thinking was I
was working at that store I would go
crazy but if I saw them do that and I
saw him throw that milk and then I saw
him slip and I saw him break his jaw I
would laugh
I would scrap allograph I would do all
of apps alright let's watch one more
video okay this one is called animals
making funny sounds and noises 34
million views okay so far I'm not
laughing but I am impressed by those
graphics
my god that sounds like a fucking
ambulance that's a talented dog I hate
that oh my god I hate that you do it I
hate it I hate the sound I hate the
people eyes oh my god if my dog was
doing that I give it an exorcism all
right I'm leaving that video that was
too fucking scary
all right this one is called a funny man
and cat mask scares cats whoa oh my god
that's horrifying
Oh No Oh God Oh No
oh my god
first of all I would do the same thing I
said I'd be holding a big-ass snake and
not have blood dripping out about pow
and then have a shirt that says dogs
rule I'm a bad person all right you guys
there you go I hope you guys enjoyed
that let me know down the comments which
video you laughed at I'm also going to
do a thumbs up and subscribe cuz all
make new videos every single day and I
will see you cats tomorrow bye mama
here we go i'ma try shooting the ceiling
oh wait that's a bandage okay I'll shoot
at the wall behind me ready
ba okay it worked for this delay
