hey kids it's time again for me to ruin
your toys say yes today I'm going to be
playing with more kid toys just to show
how old I am and how much I don't
understand kids if I ever have any one
day they're gonna be awful they're no
they're gonna be been bored I'm up oh
yeah kid toys let's start playin
night-vision spy gear just in case you
haven't already accidentally seen your
parents having sex yet this will make it
really happen just strap these babies on
walk into your mom's room and just let
the therapy costs build up okay how does
this work also that kid is like 20 what
is he doing if you see him at like a
high school house party better watch out
oh my god these this is a lot also I
hope when you go through your little spy
training kids you'll learn how to self
defense because this is gonna get your
ass booked all right so I guess you just
strap it to your head I'm scared this
looks like in one of those movies where
they like tank my brain and put into the
brain of a dog oh my god I could finally
lick my own dick oh why can't it be the
future okay here we go
nothing I just see nothing I see not
this is stupid nothing everything is
just blue now wait let me turn off the
light
nope now everything's just dark Wow this
is awful okay wait this is what does
this do is this supposed to oh wait this
is the night vision thing whoo look at
that little ditty oh my god this is like
I'm on Pawn Stars and I'm like oh that's
a beautiful quarter
that's it spring this is so confusing
okay so I guess I just do this am i
towing right oh is this how you toy okay
wait and then I put that here and then I
supposed to see everything dark oh oh my
god it works I see you this is so scary
I would never use this in my house when
I was a kid it also magnifies which is
not what you want to see when you see
your parents having sex what would be
the point of this what is this I hate
this Wow I spy a waste of money
next now I'm really confused this was in
the kids section
this is a soothing eye mask why a kid
would need this I don't know how
stressful is kindergarten although Kenny
one for me was so stressful my teacher
was like a raging alcoholic and one time
I walked into class she had booze on her
breath and she went to kiss me on the
lip
tell this story anyways long story short
she's dead let's try these on okay it
doesn't fit me because it's meant for a
five-year-old let me really take it up
ooh this feels good it's kind of like
I'm covered in like little eggs not like
eggs but like eggs you know saying oh
wow this is soothing I can just imagine
a coming home from school being like oh
my god the times tables I'm so confused
let me just strap on these stupid
fucking goggles oh I'm so calm now you
know what fuck school it's gonna drop
out I'm just gonna become a youtuber you
don't need any education for that and
then you turn into me stay in school I
can't see oh my god oh my god oh my god
I can't see oh my god oh my god I'm
scared oh my god why can't I see oh my
god oh my god I'm panicking
okay wait oh my god oh my god oh my god
what I do what I do what I do today
Jesus wrong I can't read it
wait I'm almost back it's so blurry I'm
not back yet but I'm almost back that
was so scary
holy fuck oh my god okay I don't know
maybe maybe it blurred my eyes I don't
I'm not gonna have blue eyes I'm not
gonna ask okay let's move on little live
pets this is a mama bird who talks to a
baby bird why do I buy this also if
you're gonna give me a mama bird and a
baby were they better be throwing up on
each other cuz that's all we want to see
that was the scariest thing I've ever
seen what just happened who is she ah
insidious hold on let me give you guys a
closer view of that shit oh my god I
heard that the middle of the night oh my
god
I'd be pissing myself I hate this wait
how does that little one talk what does
the little one say I record and I repeat
every word I cannot have this in my
house wait let me take these out here we
go
how come baby's not reacting how do I
get baby to react I love baby oh my god
did I kill baby Oh place me on your palm
okay
hello baby oh my god oh my god oh my god
I was not ready for that
mama talk to baby I hate this I hate
this so much
oh my god how do I make it stop okay
it's done it's done it's over I don't
want that in my house I already have a
Ouija board I don't need fucking demon
Birds cool all right last but not least
we have a glow-in-the-dark sticker
launcher this is actually everything if
this works my life is complete so I
guess you load up this gun and then you
shoot it at the walls oh my god I feel
like Buzz Lightyear to infinity and
beyond or you know probably not cuz I
like this couch so you can do that
infinity yeah no I'm just gonna be here
how does this work boom oh I get it okay
hold on where's the 3d things oh okay
here they are my god I'm so excited no
wonder kids have so much fun have fun
kids it's gonna end one day promise okay
so here's the sticker and then what do
you do you oh you put it I don't
understand here wait what okay I think I
figured it out here we go I'm gonna try
to shoot it to see what oh wait that's a
bad idea okay I'll shoot at the wall
behind me ready okay it worked with it
away hold on lemme try that again here I
know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna stand
behind the camera I'm gonna shoot it at
the wall watch out guys did it work huh
it worked wait let's turn the lights off
okay you know it hath worked let's try
that again
alright here we go oh my god right on
the fucking deers nose oh my god I'm so
good wait let's see if it works I mean
no but at least I got it
where you guys go that was me playing
with kids toys that was fucking fun
leave me some comments down below other
toys I should play with also give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe
something
videos every single day and I will see
you kids and adults and whoever else
watches my videos I'm sorry why are you
doing this to yourself
I'll see all of you guys tomorrow hi
sounds like meme's alright
bottoms up smells like mayonnaise oh
okay I'm excited oh that's good this is
good what's in this there's a bunch of
oil so that's why it's good
