hey zippy guys just notice there's a
very huge butcher knife in the shot well
this is perfect is after this video the
vegans are definitely going to want to
see me use this on myself I'm kidding um
today I'm going to be trying some vegan
food now I actually have enjoyed vegan
food before I love the entire
restaurants I love bacon chocolates I
pretty much love anything that's not
healthy
but I did get some things I had never
tried before and I'm very nervous about
and I feel like vegans would even be
nervous about one of them is something
called a Tofurky loaf I don't know
that's gonna be the grand finale so
before we get started I just want to
have a disclaimer I totally support the
vegan lifestyle I'm not making myself
but I support it I think it's awesome if
you can do it and this is not making fun
of vegans or what they eat if anything
this is just promoting the fact that
there is some good shit out there for
vegans and also the bad shit and we're
going to try it off first we're gonna
try vegan pizza
I think okay so just by the looks of it
it's giving me Jenny Craig this is
literally a Jenny Craig personal pizza
which honestly ain't that bad listen if
crystianna can eat it but so can i okay
so I'm gonna like cut a slice whoo okay
you know what I'm not even mad at this
look at that cute little slice it's
definitely stiff so what exactly does it
mean okay so it's fake cheese that is
definitely some kind of fake crust it's
almost like I made it in an easy-bake
oven all right here we go okay I'm kind
of nervous okay I got this I got this
do it for the animals oh okay how long I
should have started with this cuz I feel
like now the ding is gonna be mad at me
cuz ain't this I don't need you this is
not good the bread or whatever it is
kind of these like a scrub daddy the
cheese it's giving me like preparation
age don't ask why I know what that
tastes like in my teeth and the sauce
granted I feel like sauce is vegan right
I don't know tomatoes do they have souls
I don't think so but for some reason the
sauce is tasting like paint thinner I
don't know there's a lot wrong with this
but also maybe I just got the wrong
brand I am so scared of the vegans right
now I'll go put this down here all right
I'm gonna try something next - I know
I'm gonna like a vegan cookie this is
called
no gluten chocolate cookie that's a
shitty name oh no in their mind it's
called Nana's out about your Nana but my
I was not gluten-free no sugar no dairy
no oils no cholesterol no eggs no trans
fat and no beats the fuck is in this I'm
actually kind of nervous now I thought I
was gonna be excited about this but who
no wonder vegans or gassy okay you know
what it's heavy I like that
very thick that's some ugly chocolate
okay I'm excited let's break it in half
let's share it
whoo okay not gonna judge it noggin
judge it okay let's do this nano what
the fuck you doing girl
Oh No Oh Nana listen I'm at making
cookies before they look good
it's Nativity this is not good this is
awful but once again vegans had good
vegan cookies before they're out there I
don't I think this might actually be
Nana
I think Nana died and then they were
like damn we miss Nana we gotta bring
her back somebody go dig her up how are
we gonna have Nana with this forever
Oh grind her up and put her into a
cookie cuz honestly that's what this
tastes like this tastes like ground-up
old people whoo all right let's hope the
next thing is good vegan mayonnaise I
mean what am i doing okay wait what made
with solar power the fuck what does that
mean what does that mean like these
smothered mayonnaise on top of a car let
it cook ooh honestly let's try that cat
okay
I love mayonnaise so much I eat
mayonnaise out of the jar with a spoon
when I was a kid
that explains the obesity so I'm excited
about this because I feel like it might
be healthier yeah it's slightly
healthier than normally it is so I could
just eat the whole thing for dinner
right that's how vegans work okay feels
like mayonnaise
sounds like mayonnaise all right bottoms
up smells like mayonnaise
oh okay I'm excited oh that's good this
is good what's in this there's a bunch
of oil some that's why it's good I'm
excited I'm gonna use this and I know a
lot of you guys are like oh my god
changed a huge fork full of mayonnaise
and I'm like me fake chicken this is
called beyond chicken I like the little
character though it's like a little
chicken made out of vegetables and I
like their logo beyond meat once again
me okay it looks like chicken I have had
fake chicken at restaurants before so I
pre
you know this is going to be a let's
give this brand a try I love I think the
below fake little grill marks like
you're fooling anybody
it's like contouring for chickens I know
your bone structure bitch don't lie okay
here we go okay you know what if you'd
like a Chicken McNugget
and then yogurts are not made out of
chicken so I'm gonna call this
McDonald's is it healthier than Turtles
yeah all right you know what if your
highs fuck and you're in the mood for a
bunch of chicken nuggets but you're like
you know what yes I'm putting drugs into
my body but do I really want to put that
kind of drug into my body and then you
go for healthier choice what am I
talking about I don't know
let's eat more mayonnaise big and donut
okay now I want it like a glaze one with
like sprinkles or whatever on it but
they didn't have that so I only have
this which I'm gonna be honest
looks like some fun I mean that doesn't
look like a sad-ass hold on I don't know
it does
here I'll show you mine in comparison
all right this is not gonna be good very
hard
definitely not fresh I'm gonna give a
try anyways huh you know what I'm not
mad at that better than Anna
oh it's grandpa yeah grandpa had a
little more moistness in his flesh
programme's all dried out this actually
would not be bad if I heated it up and
put some chocolate on it it kind of has
the aftertaste of a real photo although
this is real donut right like what's the
difference vegan okay so there's no eggs
I know better I don't know ask freely
chocolate hemp milk hemp cookie isn't
him something you smoked I don't know
I'm excited I'm ready to be blown away
I'm ready to try this new ingredient
that I've never heard of okay has no
scent all right here we go hmm okay you
know what
stick to smoking it that is huh oh it's
making me horse noises oh fuck what is
this why would everybody why I I hated
that also I don't like the idea of a
package of chocolate milk having a bowl
of rice on it like I don't want that you
don't look at the Nestle bottle and see
and carrot no you see a fuckin big-ass
bunny rabbit and he's like let's fuck so
that's a fail alright let's get to the
grand finale I am so nervous about this
I
okay I'm just gonna pick it up I cooked
this for a long time so it better be
ready this is my tofurkey loaf
Thanksgiving holidays I don't know all
right let's cut her in half she smells
good
oh she smells good she smells like a sad
cafeteria okay
I just cut her out Wow speaking of
assholes oh it's been a long night
all right so that is how she looks I'm
not gonna judge her from her appearance
I'm a judge her from her taste
all right let's like cut off a slice or
say so how you do it just slice it up
whoo
okay all right good okay she's falling
apart all right here we go I got a
little piece it's falling everywhere all
right 1 2 3 I would not expect enough I
am fucking love that why do I love that
I hate that I love you so this ha okay
the texture of it is like like a hot dog
but like a good hot dog and then the
inside is like stuffing but like it's
like extra salty and then the whole
experience in your mouth is just like a
salty like mushy like ah me honestly
this is not hashtag spots but I wish it
was this is good I can eat low for this
I mean I'm gonna keep it real is it
healthy I don't know it doesn't taste
healthy it kind of things like you know
how pirates have I talked about this
before I probably have been out like on
pirate ships they would keep food in
like a bucket of ice and a salt for like
three years to cook it down so this
tastes like like pirate ship fuck ahoy
matey fuck mmm feeling that oh you know
what I could do Oh all right I'll see
y'all later I'm gonna finish her up
aren't you guys there you go that was me
trying out to be a good food let me know
in the comments what other vegan foods I
should try because I want to keep doing
this cuz I actually found some shit I
like also give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe cuz I think of it as a
physical day and I'll show you guys
tomorrow
and remember if you're exploring being
vegan or if you already are a vegan
there's a lot of good choices out there
please don't kill me vegans
alright I'm gonna eat it alright here we
go ready
I know I know
good
