hey guys Safiye yeah welcome to nerdy
nummies bitch today we are going to be
trying to make slime Oreo cream
I think it's gak oh I was gonna ask
where we're making gum curse wine yeah I
love slime I used to watch it over here
a lot this is not spine I thought a DIY
going where everybody's making slime I
didn't watch them because I didn't want
to give it away but I didn't research a
little bit and I saw three different
recipes for slime so we're gonna be
trying out a couple now this first one
we're all gonna have to spoon the whole
thing feed off like oh whoa whoa okay so
I have of me I have a board here of a
lot of glue and a lot of glitter right
Tricia's makeup on my face okay so take
a glue so what we're gonna do permanent
so plan oh we're gonna try the glue and
dish soap method okay
so first we're gonna dump all our glue
take the top off you know I like it this
way oh let's at times like view that
friends longer okay all right we get
kicked out after this so don't have a
vid into Apple by the way look I'm
acting like it's a DIY but it's probably
not gonna work
he then I went on to a ball for all of
it just watch it will cut it out oh okay
okay okay now we are going to put dis
show buddy
okay wait this is my color yeah we're
gonna make one who's black okay I don't
so excited me tail so let's see how this
goes mine's gonna be the best little any
ll more so what's supposed to happen is
as you mix it's supposed to like make
slime okay how's it coming oh my god
minds me of boogers it does kind of yeah
it's doing stuff it's doing something a
little bit oh my god yours really oh my
god is happening I'm really good it's
kind of working
no it's not what do you think that looks
like slime look at that I'm touching it
it is like slime shame oh my god
melodia brands so what color do you want
to do oh look it's your pink I got the
theme right here I got it through it's
not like you're a purple boy black
you're purple
I'm a green base you're green baby now
can we interesting cuz it's mixing with
blue don't really know what that means
look any beautiful aah oh my god I think
it's which much it
I don't think too much I think you can't
put too much really oh that seems like
too much yeah you're gorgeous
I think it looks like the Emerald City
oh my god wait
and it's so skinny I miss all these is
miss Lam yeah oh my god I love ya what
does yours look like - money oh my gosh
this is so pretty I love it and look
good I love that I know I feel like my
wonderful and lonely like something I'd
buy a limited - yeah this is good I feel
like Lizzie McGuire friends we like have
this in their room this is like
decoration
so now let's let this sit so next one is
edible it will be diarrhea but you can
eat it oh my god this is like a group
effort because it's a microwave
situation so it's said to do eivol
enough what people do on each other I
Hannibal and then water Oh like oatmeal
so Metamucil in water
Oh Oh rats
with the spoon so supposedly if you put
this in the microwave for three minutes
it turned into soy really what do we do
want in there besides take your clothes
off dance party we should dance okay
drew put this in the microwave for three
minutes
I'll do it okay well wait hey guys were
back okay pick this on the slime has
been sitting and it is finally let's see
if it's gonna slipper slammer I throw it
at each other oh my god
my face not yet we have to glitter it
you're right I think we should make it
green filigree like total slaughter
estimate yes that's okay hope that
wasn't too much I'm sure you're in this
your weight you running around all for
him yeah yeah father father father
father huh huh huh huh now let's get a
little spoon action in there yeah yeah
yeah yes we do
guys it's done are you ready to Betty I
want to be thrown oh my God look oh oh
my god
wait we got to all take a little piece a
little drop for you this actually feels
like that gap stuff I don't feel like it
look not clean no but it feels awesome
it feels really kind of those off you do
doesn't really get you that dirty it
just gets you real quitter I love that
I'm gonna eat it all right here we go
ready I don't not good not good
there's the close-up irony that is
yeah Miley oh my god you're yes yes
finger god oh my god I'm so proud of us
I did this oh my god I never have to
look at our first bag okay I am oh no no
okay guys so we had fun we really did
did you though
wait what is that good deconstructed I
am
it's just glue no color glue hold on we
can get a few you mean something are you
okay it's it just is glue that's gross
I'll be mind I feel like I'm on time
work in the freezer whoo I think mine
worked
all right yours honestly though looks
the prettiest of all yes that's true
I win mix em yell D oh my god
wait maybe has my show people it looks
like galaxies it went really pretty like
but if you found this on your porch
she'd be what I would love it
no wait look it's like joy yourself as
nails we got Queen my god nail hack now
huh
whoa guys de la loire guys go nose
making slime if you want to make it do
it tweet us pictures of your slide what
we'll be looking hashtag one hashtag STD
slime who love that
hey bones you guys go subscribe to them
I give this video thumbs up and
subscribe to me because I make new
videos every day and we will see you
Slimers tomorrow keep slamming Trish go
ahead slime away come on it's away look
alright it made this it's actually
smoking happy birthday to me oh you
shouldn't have
