every episode we have fair Abraham time
ready what do doot do doot doot fair
Abraham time do-do-do-do-do got a
mistake now listen before before you
before you leave you Shady
we had her on the show and she sang it
so I'm just saying hey what's up you
guys I am really excited today and
really embarrassed for what I'm about to
do oh I just broke my chair I was not
expecting to do that also equally
embarrassing is the fact that I'm about
to use an easy make of it except I'm not
about using Easy Bake Oven cuz I was
like you know what all the other
youtubers using Easy Bake Ovens they're
all fancy with a name-brand shit so it's
good I got Easy Bake Ovens poor ass
sister la la poopsie
now love my poop seize the shit I know a
lot of people don't like her a lot of
people are like I don't know her well
guess well you're about to know her
easy-bake cuz she come for you bitch
this is not hashtag spots this is just
hashtag trying to help a bitch out oh no
I was in target they didn't have an easy
bake oven so they only had Lalaloopsy
but you know what I trust her she looks
cracked out of her fucking mind
by the way which makes me really excited
about what we're about to eat so I
honestly have always wanted to use one
of these I never was allowed to happen
when I was a kid because you know it's a
girl toy and you know gender roles were
a thing when I was a kid if I was a kid
now are you kidding me I'd be like Easy
Bake Oven e while I was playing with my
Barbies while I had a bow on while I was
doing all the choreography - hit me baby
one more time
but instead I'm a 27 year old man who
just bought Easy Bake Oven and also
while he was at Target
bought a little baby deer isn't he cute
am i Michael Jackson let's start bacon
so as you can see I have the oven here
let me give you a better view there she
is look at her lower poops he's killing
it this knob does not work this is not
real this this sucks raise your game
blah I poked seat so that is preheating
look at me knowing how to cook and
actually I'm gonna read the instructions
because I actually want to make
something good or you know edible so I
am making the strawberry birthday cake
is it my birthday
no and guess what all the poops he said
when I told her that she was like I
don't give a fuck I don't know your
birthday you want to park a car go to
Easy Bake Oven
ok step 1 Preedy oven done step 2
evenly coat the baking pan with cooking
spray is this a big of him
that's it it's like a mason jar cover
that's gonna be the cake for this
grown-ass man
all right let's pray it I hope that
becomes a mean just me spraying a sad
little ass pan I mean that says like how
not to grown up next mix the batter pour
one strawberry cake mix two pinches one
- and one sprinkle of water into a but
what the fuck that makes some sense
okay also my hands are very greasy from
that Pam this is I can't even hold
anything it's all flipping out so here's
a strawberry cake mix I'm gonna be real
professional and use my scissors wow
that looks like a science project that
is not food that looks like something
Joey would buy because he's like oh it
gives you good luck
it was eight thousand dollars it's
crystal powder girl approves he ripped
you off okay two pinches one - and a
sprinkle of water oh my god they named
their measuring spoons sprinkle - and
pinch like the rejected s reindeers like
Santa's like you know with sprinkle -
and pinch came out I was like we should
keep them yes they're fucked up yes they
didn't come out right
yes they're never gonna grow up and be
normal but we're gonna take care of
sprinkle - a pinch just like the other
reindeers you know happen to them no one
gave a fuck about them Merry Christmas
two pinches okay one two this is bud one
- and one sprinkle you know what this is
gonna fuck kids up because they're gonna
be like I'm gonna be a chef when I grow
up and then they're gonna give to
culinary school and they're gonna okay
everyone we go in to make a cake and
then the girls gonna be like excuse me
so for this cake
how many sprinkle - pinches of butter do
we need and also how much like glitter
of milk you know it's gonna happen in a
bitch she give me an F okay now we mix
it up whoo I'm cooking oh my god it kind
of actually looks good I mean if you're
me and you literally eat garbage next
fill the pan evenly with cake batter
until it reaches the top okay oh my god
this is what I wish science class was
instead I had to open up a snake and
then inside of the snake I saw a baby
rat and after I put it in my easy-bake
oven I mean it tasted amazing but
hideous to look at okay so we have our
little pan full of our little cake
batter
now it's time to put it inside of the
oven it says use the oven spatula to
push the pan into the baking chamber ooh
jeepers kind of a scary word Lalaloopsy
stop pushing when the Rays line and the
spatula reaches it at that too many
fucking words
we're just gonna throw the shit in there
and see what happens I'm assuming this
is lava
oopsies magic spatula Oh has your name
on it okay here we go
it smells bad I feel like it actually
smells like something's wrong I mean
there's a lot wrong with this but okay
it's in wait twelve minutes
all right so that's gonna take 12
minutes so I'm gonna set my timer now
it's time to make the Cobbins in a
separate mixing bowl combine half of the
frosting mix one big pinch and one two
pinches what that literally makes no
sense what the fuck is a big pinch and a
normal pinch there's different types of
pinches how many pinches am i probably
slightly below average and one - and one
sprinkle of water all right here we go
all right so half of the frosting looks
like half one big pinch and two pinches
one - oh fuck I just fucked out Danny
Lala boobs do what you do to me
shit Carlo let's mix this up and see
what happens maybe I'm a genius
and maybe I did it right no I did not no
that looks awful okay I think I'm just
got to put the rest of the icing in
there sorry poopsie I know that's
against the rules but I have to there we
go ah yeah it's a spray to my face all
right this is still not thick enough no
shit
oopsie maybe you have something my
fridge I'm gonna use a little protein
powder cuz you know not only do I want
to enjoy the hot poop see for what she
is which is garbage
you'll get a little healthy while I'm
doing it thicken this up hope tomorrow
at the gym I'm like extra strong in my
trainers I how what did you do different
oh you know got a little more chicken
than I usually do add some fiber got a
lot left oopsy birthday cake alone in my
apartment just typical shit oh this
smells good
this looks good this is the frosting I
feel like it only looks good to me this
is like my ugly baby hgq well she came
to me okay so now we have to wait for
the cake to finish then we're gonna
decorate I got the sprinkles and I'm
fucking ready and with the magic of
YouTube 12 minutes will have gone by now
boom it's been 12 minutes okay let's see
if Lalaloopsy
for any smells honestly kind of good it
looks good I don't think this is good
literally not at all the fuck poopsie
put you back in there we gotta turn up
the heat well that's right none of the
fucking knobs work okay I feel heat
coming out
I guess poops gonna take a sweet-ass
time guys this fucking thing has been in
there for literally an hour I have
checked it every five minutes and it is
not changing I took it out it's
literally not it's not even hot like at
all literally not cooked I mean it's a
little more cooked but still not cooked
Lola oopsie with a sexy ass name like
that I was expecting so much more from
you so I don't know what to do this
thing is obviously broken it's like I
can feel heat like I can feel that it's
kind of working but how the fuck am I
supposed to cut my birthday cake so now
I don't know what to do because I don't
think I could put this in the microwave
cuz won't it explode okay maybe if I
transfer it onto a paper plate then
maybe it'll cook I want my ten dollars
back literally the cheapest pieces
should ever get this shit literally as
if it nothing happened
fuck well maybe microwave will cook her
up I'll just put her in a circle poppin
cookin stop bitch literally in the time
I've been waiting for this I did laundry
I did dishes I ate dinner and I'm
cooking at the same time I mean honestly
somebody whacked me up alright I just
put it in there for 30 seconds let's see
what happens
alright it made this it's actually
smoking happy birthday to me oh you
shouldn't have
umm well I guess now I'll just fucking
decorate whatever this is cuz I am like
this ice and go to waste I worked hard
on it you know what I'm gonna try to
make this a positive and I am gonna try
to make this actually look good maybe I
can mold it into a heart whoo you know
what I'm not gonna live with the
frosting it's killing it now for some
sprinkles just a little drizzle I'm not
gonna lie I'm gonna act like it's gross
so I'm like spit it into my sink or
whatever but after the camera turns off
my mouth will be full of Abu Klea
alright he or she is fully decorated
fully dressed up for the night out
alright so let's cut into her
mmm look at this beautiful piece YUM I
Love Lucy don't let me down like you've
already done all night okay okay you
know what it's bad it could be worse
it kind of tastes like the last pancake
you know I mean like you make like ten
pancakes and then you have just enough
for like a quarter pancake and you're
like so hungry I'm so fat you're like
fuck it put it on the griddle and he
gets burnt is fuck and you try to like
smear it so it's kind of the size of a
pancake so it's so thin it's like not
good crispy and they're like well maybe
if I cover this in syrup it'll be okay
and then you put in your mouth you're
like now that did help it's just like
that except instead of syrup it's
pepto-bismol but honestly if I was
starving or very emotional I would eat
this whole thing so there you go poopsie
I'd smash if I was suicidal there you
guys go
that was me trying Easy Bake Oven I'm
kind of disappointed I was really
excited I thought it was gonna actually
be good and come out good I thought what
do you my life is gonna work out and
then I got this well my life
Lala poopsie let's meet down a shirt
Scotties ebay fuck
aren't you guys OPI fighting me I think
you make video thumbs up it's like in
the news amazing place leave me a
comment letting me know if you want me
to throw up oopsie off the fucking
balcony bitch and then have a car hit
her and then light that bitch on fire
and then ruin her it's like she ruined
me see you guys later
I guess you put it on here and then
supposed to make your nipple really warm
oh oh this is giving huh wait it's
actual and it's actually really getting
wha wait is it gonna like burn OH
