the first question would be like are you
gay or straight and the fact that I even
had to just say I'm straight because I
hadn't told everything like you're lying
to say like I was lying about something
yeah so I just made that video like 7:00
a.m. I was like if I can do it and I did
it and I'm surprised that it went over
well my he was honey you were coming
from a place of honest so real oh hey
guys I'm here with Joey I love this I
know I love your work just for you this
is you're coming out as a furry yeah um
so there you go title of the video no
question when you're in the furry
costume are you getting fucked or
fucking oh really
hmm I just wanted to know hey guys yes
today we're going to be trying sixth we
are oh yes we're gonna fucking you want
to give it a good today
oh no I would do a sex store and I got a
bunch of candy and weird stuff for us
taste cuz I don't know that's my life
are you ready for this now if you want
to start slow yeah okay just the tip
please well perfect cuz I got just the
tip marshmallow peeps these are little
tiny penises oh my god wait you know if
you actually look like ha ha ha actually
Mike actually they look like minecraft
creepers that they were pink is that
what you're getting too much myself
probably am I actually really hungry so
excited hungry for dick ha oh my god
thirsty over here the boys like to fuck
you and no oh that's not my power
oh my god ok not so we're just textures
not will you expect me oh wow that's
Talent
hey what hey I didn't like it in the end
doesn't it taste like lube a little bit
you learn dude Oh in this one I'm really
excited about this is calm shops wait
what
so it's I'm a GUI erotic fun liquid
marshmallow foam candy oh my gosh you
ready are you kidding are you excited no
you go first oh my gosh her openness
caucus party yeah yeah yeah you got it
yeah run oh my god how it's supposed to
look like cuz I am wrong
open up it's like sweet but like no you
know what that time no one element equal
actually like that's like this shit they
throw your teeth the dentist
Oh that'll teach you good boy God you
are honestly violent no scary look I'm
scared new prefer whoever you're fucking
it was that good now I know what I'm
gonna do because I need to shut you up
I got a candy ball gag with on the front
it says shut it
oh my god I just want to say for a
second I'm really proud of our evolution
whenever our first collab there was a
very silent moment of like Jonathan hey
Joe well like you never said it but I
guess I could tell yeah and now you're
like yeah it's nice and squared in my
mouth so I don't know how this works
oh I do okay I really don't all right so
when I put it around my mouth you just
tighten it up
okay try like that how does it taste
it doesn't taste like anything yeah that
has no flavor no flavor at all but it's
perfect for shutting you up so I can
just get in there as much as I want oh I
think this would be a better option than
actual ones because like you get like a
two-for-one deal you know right and you
can put in your okay and if perfect is
you put in your butt and then doesn't
get lost cuz it's a strength all right
now this next one it is exciting because
I've never even seen this before okay
Adam Ohana almost oh this is edible
dental dams with that it is a little
plastic sheet that you put over a pussy
when you eat the pussy
so you don't get hurt wait it's like a
female condom basically kind of for
eating out so what you're supposed to do
you're doing this make a pussy with your
hand wait so you cover it and then ha ha
wait it's edible oh my gosh he's going
to town there are so many girls right
now that is itself into those like I
don't think so
that does not taste like vanilla it says
it does Shane Dawson dies meeting not
know them probably no it just says Oh
from flavor Wow oh my gosh careful
please do not swallow that that's like
my children swallowed lint no they pull
wrong Colette it says directions radius
for oral or anal sex cover the entire
anus wait how I maybe it's like a sheet
and then it's like you have to like
super glue it on so you can just go like
in and out so the guy does not wear a
condom that's how I would use it I'll
just leave these Jory zip it oh oh oh I
have a different flavor
I have ma√±ana Oh for all the vegans out
there whoo no it stretches so much it's
so stretchy it looks good all right who
wants an edible phone it looks like
seaweed
chocolate strawberry oh this is gross
that is so disturbing eat it off me
okay my ass you know what is it doesn't
taste good
your teeth are training your mouth is
running bread that's terrifying
oh my god disease Italy fried fruit
Jesus look if doctors philosophically I
just try corner when you can do it
totally vegan totally gluten-free it's
kind of not that like if you like but I
don't like it like sprinkles editors and
all over ice cream it feels like a glove
like doesn't it feel like there's a
layer that love yeah but I love the
flavor of like a glove in my mouth
I mean it's just like a doctor taking
you one step too far let's clean out
them out with some blow job blast oral
sex candy oh my god it says it's for
fizzing popping bursting exploding oral
sex all over the place I don't know what
that means no I think you put it in your
mouth when you're gonna give a blowjob
and it pops we can what we should do
hold on to that I have two perfect kids
for us I'm gonna put those in our mouth
and then see who could blow the best
there's about - smiling and I'm a high
fit mother I can't wait for all the
Instagram tags really quickly the soda
killer yeah I live like pop up Oh first
of all that would be awful Nona hurt
something sharp
it's like Hillary put some sand in my
mouth and I don't I don't think that's
smart at all but I really do like this
lollipop you can hear popping in my bag
my second here copy my throat one more
now this is very special
this is nipple arousal gel oh so it's
not food you don't need it no so you
lick it off a nipple so do you want to
use your nipple dude we can use mine
thank you I was going to use mine but
honestly I feel like yours is a little
more perceptible let me get my girl what
does your nipple look like
I've ever seen oh my god behold what we
haven't seen if I wanna
well my it's like handcrafted by doctor
but I think it's hahaha a little bit
little mean we're kind of trending it's
just bigger what's on the microphone
Harry the other ones fucked up okay this
might be easier whoa look at her
I guess you put it on here and then
supposed to make your nipple really warm
oh oh this is getting hot
wait it's actual and it's actually
really getting wait is it gonna like
burn us yes yes yes fat that city I'm
gonna go that smells good oh it's
watermelon getting there boy what is it
- iris ah I wonder if a that's not good
I thought it was using water no I didn't
miss maybe that's just the smell oh it's
your mouth with his hair do not ingest
what wait spread it on lick it off and
drivin wanna fuckin wider are you well
oh yes guys I feel like we've gone to a
journey today we have a journey of
self-discovery I don't think I've ever
licked your nipple bull work you haven't
we've definitely take it to the next
level I sucked your peepee I liked your
net we've kissed we've kind of done
everything you gag me i gagged you time
to get out my dental dam and eat your
ass okay if you want to see me eat
Joey's ass over to his channel subscribe
no we didn't video over there
also give this video a thumbs up it's
daddy you're gonna make new videos every
day and leave a comment telling us what
we should do next
we'll do it if we get the 500,000 those
oh yeah this is actually kind of working
right wait am I crazy
is this working my god maybe the beauty
gurus aren't right I mean they're rich
so I automatically trust them
