you'll apply do you think Oh hundreds
and hundreds some seasons you know over
thousand that's a lot of drag Wow Andrew
hand picks every single one of them he
looks like every single audition reel
have you guys yes I got my bowl of girl
shit here which means it is once again
time for me to ruin beauty for all of
you so I've been testing out girl
products for the last couple months and
it's been really fun but I thought hey
what if I did something a little bit
different what if I tested out girl
beauty hacks now if you don't know what
that is you obviously don't watch our CL
Beauty the queen of hacks hack queen
hack is basically like a shortcut to do
something beauty related my favorite or
zo Beauty hack is when she cut a
Barbie's hair off and then made that
into a makeup brush with a pencil and a
rubber band guarana bitch lots of day of
my own but I love her anyways so today I
would be trying out a few hacks that
I've seen from her videos other people's
videos BuzzFeed everywhere
so the first hack is going to be eyes
shadow paper savers basically it's
supposed to be for lazy people who don't
want to do their eye makeup in the
morning but it's way more fucking
complicated than just doing it in the
morning so it's not lazy people it's for
crackheads basically people who just
want to be coming to do it shit all day
so I'm gonna grab my scissors and I got
some foam of paper which by the way is
impossible to find and I guess I'm just
gonna cut out like a little half circle
shape so that's too big
unless you want that drag queen look
right so I gotta cut it a little smaller
uh I hope our seals watching I hope I
make you proud yeah that's about right
oh my god I'm like an emoji hold on is
that like what they do and they're like
super happy but they're also like
embarrass I don't know I've never texted
anybody that I always go for the one who
has no mouth and is just too up and I
was like as my usual response to people
is I would you don't mind as a shit okay
so now that you have your little paper
you're supposed to put eyeshadow on it
and then put it on your face I feel like
I should show you guys what I'm doing
yes welcome to my beauty salon okay so I
am going to take you know just like a
really subtle shade of glitter black and
then I guess I'm just gonna like rub it
on here like this cuz I feel like I want
you like a fade you know what I mean
like I pin my ride in my eyes so like
I'll start with the glitter black but
then I'm gonna bust out a glitter call
cuz I want to show people I'm not only
depressed but I'm rich
alright so there's the clear goal
oh that's looking gross now I feel like
I need like one more color so I'm gonna
do yellow and I feel like that really
goes with our palette I want to give
like like drunk cheerleader at a party
who's like a thot to get pregnant it's
about to change her whole life she does
not see it coming but honestly it's
gonna make her a better person she's
gonna fuck up that baby though that
baby's gonna grow up and start doing
hack videos on YouTube and there we have
it let's put it on my face okay here we
go I'm actually kind of nervous about
this first of all what if it's great
what if this is my calling
okay here we go see press it hmm
and now it's time for the big reveal
didn't work nothing is happening my face
is just covered in crap you're trying to
get rub it a little bit out cutting my
eyes okay and ah oh my god beautiful
honestly I don't look that bad I mean I
don't look good I look like Kendall
Jenner on a runway Wow look at that
first of all I think I started a new
thing with eyebrows glitter I feel like
that's really beautiful and just draws
attention to the fact that I've huge
fucking eyebrows now the black is a
little harsh maybe I should have gone
with that we just fix up the edges and
there we have it my daytime look okay so
my next hack is going to be lip tattoos
so I don't know if you guys have seen
those like sticker tattoo lip things
they're fucking horrible well we're
gonna make our own which you're probably
gonna be worse first I'm gonna take this
off my eye if that's okay okay so how
you do this is you take wax paper which
nobody has in their house they have to
go to the fucking store and buy wax
paper and makeup and you end up looking
like a fucking serial form Figgy your
ship of wax paper and then you have to
draw your lips so like
I mean that's the serial killer this
thing I've ever done
do I look beautiful haha
so now they have your lips you have to
cover it in lip pencil whatever color
you want so first I'm just gonna do all
red and just waste this entire fucking
pencil thing and literally break it cuz
you know wasting this entire pencil
thing is way cheaper than just buying
those fucking lip tattoos then I'm gonna
take this pink shit I think oh god what
is this I thought I thought I got the
right thing did I not get the right
thing am I supposed to use this what is
this that's the same thing fuck okay
we're just gonna use this and then I'm
just gonna it doesn't look good fuck i
shadow i think you can use that and i
think i just made that up this is a
really fancy eyeshadow i believe it was
85 cents at walgreens alright so i'm
gonna take like the pink i'm just gonna
make a dick cuz i feel like that is
probably about a lot of makeup gurus
lips oh you can't even see the dick give
it let me scrape it out how can we get
the ball we're gonna try this again
alright so there's my dig and then i'm
just gonna cover right around it oh my
god i should work at mac just you know
give that little palm looks okay so
there's my little dick or llama maybe
i'll make the inside of the dick gold
yeah fancy dick alright time to dry it
out okay so you just press it on your
mouth and then you put a wet towel
against it then hope to god it works oh
my god
okay here we go all right ready oh my
god we did it work oh my god can you see
the dick yeah oh my god you can see it
mmm oh it's getting a boner
oh it's rippling up oh my god
yeah this is way better than just you
know using normal lipstick thanks for
the hack do I look pretty
who would have thought one day when I
grew up I'd be on the internet with a
dick in my mouth everybody alright let's
do one last at this is ter fuckin so
this last one is where you put red
lipstick all over here on your eyes and
then you cover it with foundation and
it's supposed to get rid of the circles
under your eyes I sounds like a load of
shit but we're gonna try it because we
love loads of shit alright so first I'm
gonna get my lipstick which I didn't
have to buy cuz I already had it and we
are just going to put this under my
eyes oh god this is gonna be a nightmare
to get off why am I doing this oh god I
hate it it feels disgusting I think I
read that she she put it like all over
her eyes so let's try that like here
like on the eyelid here like anywhere
Wow that's a look oh my god story time I
got beat up I look great
alright so now that the lipstick is all
over your eyes and by the way it's like
making all my vision read which I kind
of like it's like everything around me
is dead maybe I am a serial killer
alright time to get my foundation so
supposedly
if you cover up this with foundation you
can't even tell there's red there and
this should match my skin because it's
never seen the Sun before color so how
do I put this on just with my fingers I
guess whatever it works alright let's
see if this works this is not bad this
is actually cut it's in my eyes this is
actually kind of working right wait am I
crazy
is this working oh my god maybe the
beauty gurus are right I mean they're
rich so I automatically trust them then
I'm just gonna cover this it is in my
eyes and it's burning is that right is
that normal should I not be doing this
oh wow oh okay alright hold on hold on
oh oh oh okay I'm fine I did oh god oh
my god I am NOT fine alright this is
gonna give me like bad pimples or
something am I totally fucking out my
face should I stop doing this okay now
I'm gonna do this I said I was gonna do
this going to do this and there you have
it oh my god it looks like a heavy
really bad pink eye and I still want to
like go to school oh I'm fine
oh no this oh I don't know just still
sunburn I contain just now not at all I
don't mind the goop no that's just my
skin falling off from the pink guy oh my
god oh my guru yet
this is awful RCL beauty I don't trust
you anymore
a girl trusted you I'm gonna go watch
yourself I'll be right back alright I'm
back my eyes are fucked
they hurt really really bad and I'm done
for you guys to go hopefully you enjoyed
that I give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe let me give it as everything
all day and I ladies in comments down
below telling me what other beauty hacks
I should try or girl products I should
try also make sure to subscribe to our
CL beauty because she has a good sense
of humor and I
and subscribe to Lisa because she
actually has been doing testing girl
hack videos that are really funny she
did the Barbie doll one so go check it
out I'll link it down there and I will
see you beauty hacks tomorrow I made
with premium ingredients right ok let's
do this
fully cooked ready to serve who made
this you know like who actually made
this the lady at 7-eleven did not so
then who did
let's not ask
