guys look I'm here with Michelle visage
we just did a podcast and how do you
think it went very long talked about
poop we talked about drag race talk
about Big Brother we talked about RuPaul
we talked about everything food talk a
lot about food so check the link down
there it's sound calm slash Shane and
friends and it was amazing I'm so thank
you so much for coming handsome you guys
yes today I have decided to put myself
through the ultimate torture I'm gonna
be eating food from 7-eleven I'm not
gonna be eating packaged food like candy
or chips I'm gonna be eating the food
that nobody eats the stuff that when you
ask for it the lady behind the counter
goes really and then she grabs it with
her bare fucking hands I can't wait yes
I have this huge brown bag of crap
and I'm terrified let's do it Oh oh my
god I don't know where to start
okay first of all sushi I'm gonna save
that for the finale because that could
be my life's finale all right let's
start simple we'll start with the
bacon-wrapped hot dog oh okay first of
all there's not one not two but tres
hairs on it in case you don't believe me
I don't know if you can see it but
they're there oh my god and they're all
connected at the roof oh poor cashier
she's so stressed out okay the bacon is
see-through what why is it like foot
skin can you see that holy fuck I can't
I can't
we're gonna do this okay you know what
I'm gonna lie
it don't smell bad I mean the hair
tickles my nose but that's another thing
alright let's do it
1 2 3 ha ha ha oh oh oh if you're taking
a card that's in neshama pots west it's
not bad it's good it's cold and I'm ok
with it
wow that's a surprise that's a Ruben
Studdard that is a shocker
this is good I mean I feel like if you
ate the whole thing you would die but
honestly if it was my last day on earth
I'd go to 7-eleven I am shocked
there is another hair oh my god ok next
how about a pink donut now these are Oh
No ok alright
I was going to say these are delicious
just by the looks of it but it's a very
sad doughnut this doughnut is how I feel
okay smells good smells oh I mean
honestly it don't smell bad
maybe I am so white trash what if I like
all of this what if this is like my new
meal prep all right here we go oh oh
wait okay hmm
who what when where why this is like a
poppin cookin this is like actual yummy
nummy but like made by somebody who
knows what they're doing
sounds like not bad it's just like Y
frosting is like sugary and like very
fake but the actual doughnut kind of
tastes like cellulite interesting I
don't hate it
I don't love it if I was forced to eat
it I would do it alright
that's two down is that aren't that bad
I'm waiting for some crazy to happen oh
you wanted crazy
I'll give you crazy oh my god this is
the red hot beef burrito made with real
jalapeno peppers everything else fakes
oh my god
I mean that's pornographic you ready for
that girl whoo oh just fell apart
Oh Oh No Oh honestly it makes me sad
because it reminds me of cafeteria food
which I could not afford to eat although
I didn't have that like free thing at
the cafeteria where it's like a little
card and then you use it they give you
your food for free but then everybody
would make fun of you and be like
welfare where help Hey but I really use
it that much but I'm about to taste what
all the other kids were tasting and I'm
excited about that oh my god I'll be
just like the other kids at school
except I'm not married have kids bald or
dead so you guys are you you right here
we go oh my god oh oh oh hold on that's
it me on a ride those roller coaster
first it tasted like chewed up hamster
me don't ask
but then hit me with a pepper and I was
like oh fuck that's spicy
but that's a good spice that's a Gordon
Ramsay would be like oh yes I don't do
impressions but then it hits you with
the aftertaste
which is kind of like crushed up guinea
pig meat once again Doral's but I still
kind of want to eat it I think I'm a
serial killer I should have heated up
the guinea pig wants to come out Oh
pizza now this came in a box you know
just a little triangular box like every
good quality pizza pie let's
open it up oh she's very wet okay wow
she's stiff I'll greet in the hair oh
that's fun let me put you with your
other friends okay it has actual no
smell like it smells like water
we're just scary all right here we go
Cheers huh okay all right okay okay Oh
Oh ahh now here's the thing change my
voice actually put me through puberty
again it tastes like a frozen pizza
which it is but it also tastes like a
big crouton like a big fucking crouton
covered in spit but like the spit is of
somebody who just had spaghetti so they
got that red in their mouth I try to be
very descriptive with you guys I want
you to feel like you're eating it too
and then at the last second that person
who just had spaghetti who had the red
spit in their mouth said ooh can I get a
kiss and then when they kissed you
they just spit just a little bit of
their spaghetti into your mouth but you
swallowed it anyways because you have a
hole in your heart so I'll be eating the
rest of his later tuna Oh God
Oh simply tuna you know nothing fancy
fresh to go really yeah it doesn't get
fresher than that okay that's the sound
of freshness okay huh oh okay wow that's
like when you're in a dressing room and
he tried on 85 pairs of pants and it's
like 90 degrees outside you're in the
midst of a very incredible sweat storm
and then that last pair of pants pull it
up and then all your pussy smell just
poof oh oh I know that smell all too
well
alright we're gonna try this I mean oh
look how they cut it though giving you a
lot of childhood memories alright well
let's see how it opens hmm nope not
fresh at all oh it's just coming right
off the crust now that's a fresh chamois
oh my god oh fuck oh god there's green
in it okay alright alright
Cheers huh oh my god no why who I bought
what a homeless person is before I'm so
sorry homeless lady while trying to do
good and she's just giving you money for
crack oh man
first of all sweating if you can see
that my hair is wet I'm sweating it's
hot here and this food is making me
sweat that was awful that's what
suspect like yeast infection I don't
know I've never seen used infection I
don't know what it means is a bread but
like that's giving me like prostitute
yeast infection mixed in with like a
hobo soup of the day like it's not good
I hate it I hate that next all right
we're gonna finish this off with Oh
Oh No sushi I don't even like normal
sushi so the chances of me liking
gas-station sushi slim spicy surimi roll
imitation crab meat fun mayonnaise huh
and wasabi made with premium ingredients
right okay let's do this fully cooked
ready to serve who made this
you know like who actually made this the
lady at 7-eleven did not so then who did
let's not asking okay oh my god oh oh oh
it's fitting oh god it's trying to come
at me girl
Boudicca see who okay all right we're
gonna do this I'm just gonna pop that
whole thing in my mouth
one two three oh that was nothing there
was nothing that was nothing I was not
fake I was a real reaction oh my god
thought but oh I'm a bar ah it's still
coming I'm a big texture person like
textures bother me that crap me whatever
that was it was like a bunch of tiny
people going to help me and they're like
wiggling their fingers of God that was
awful oh and then the thing on the
outside was like potato like an old
potato a crunchy like oh I hated that I
just want to say I'm sorry all the
homeless people who I've given these
treats to cuz I always was told when I
was a kid like don't give them money
give them food give them something that
can nourish them I'm killing them
without even knowing it I'm slowly
killing these people and I'm sorry I'll
never do it again oh my god well there
you guys go
that was me slowly dying hope you
enjoyed that leave a comment letting me
know what else I should eat I really
want to do vegan food but I'm afraid
that I'm gonna piss people off cuz
listen I'm not gonna love all of it I do
love some of it I love vegan burgers so
bad which by the way is literally just
stuffing like the opposite healthy but I
love it I make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe and it'd give me
the physical day and I will see you guys
tomorrow
right and then we connect hands so it's
kind of homoerotic on that one yeah
can you make out yeah does that how's
that part of like I mean if we're
holding hands aren't we fucking kissing
that's more of a teepee situation yeah
