hey what's up you guys I don't know what
today's video is gonna be like I don't
know if it's gonna be scary or just
stupid or and with me dead and that's
because today I'm gonna be joining
Menotti okay well that makes me so I
have been getting emails from the
Illuminati for like a year now and I
never opened them because I was like
ants just BAM but then my friends
started getting them Rylan got one drew
got one gear got one and then I felt
less special
but I also was intrigued so I finally
opened one of them and here's what it
said Shane do you desire to be a leader
or are you merely a seeker of the power
and privileges the leaders command if
power or wealth is your goal are you
prepared continue reading so when I
clicked continue reading it took me to
like a full Illuminati web site and I
was like I gotta film this now before I
start no this is not sponsored hey guys
sponsored by the Illuminati thank you so
much I'm a tailor means a lot I know
it's not sponsored I have no idea what
this is I'm actually kind of scared it's
like a hacker I don't know but you guys
are here with me so let's do this oh my
god
okay I'm already uncomfortable
Illuminati ax an official website of the
Illuminati oh my god there's a video all
right let's do this
fear not for your war-stricken
poverty-ridden planet hold on okay I
feel weird you are safe I don't worry
about help is on the way
fear nothing we are always watching out
for you
I am triggered so is the Illuminati a
youtuber I have a lot of questions let's
go to their YouTube channel oh my god
when their banner is better than mine do
they have more than one video another
one we are always watching
that actually scared me a little bit so
that was chilling read the testament was
that who there's a book she has a
youtube channel she is a book who is she
me Illuminati M the first Testament of
the Illuminati yes I am ordering that
this will be here in one day so we'll
read that tomorrow about us I'd love to
hear this the Illuminati is an elite
organization of world leaders business
authorities innovators artists and other
influential members of this planet I
mean thank you our coalition unites
influencers of all political religious
and geographical backgrounds to further
the prosperity of the human species as a
whole they must have seen my giant cake
videos wait what is this
people of Illuminati I'm oh my god are
these real people that are in the
Illuminati no ok me when I send the
Illuminati a selfie I learned that the
Illuminati is there for you and welcomes
you to the right side what is this oh my
god hold on I didn't even notice they do
have social media ok they have much way
why is there much better than mine
they're giving away a treasure chest
for only $59 when the Illuminati is more
reasonable than James Charles March ooh
I love that sure I need to stop it's
good is something else boo they have a
Twitter it's just a bunch of self promo
who is this Heather ugly Instagram oh
when the Illuminati is inclusive we look
at all the comments yay equality is this
real I am so confused it's so this is
not it like a scam it's not a joke
people are actually like joining this oh
my god wait it's right there Joanne the
Illuminati should I do it wait
blue I'm scared uh-huh what does this
mean oh my god
no we're gonna do we're gonna do it
that's all the point that's the title of
this video we're doing it and
submit your information has been
submitted huh
almost finished to complete the process
of visit your email inbox and click the
confirmation link okay so I didn't get
an email yet maybe it'll come later I'm
just so confused it's there like videos
of people talking about it oh okay
here's a testimonial the first Testament
are you okay whoo-hoo can I just zoom in
on what she's watching literally like
guys in red hooded capes with candles
what did I join I fight this book about
seven times to be exact
and I will never get tired of reading it
that's the kind of fan I need
I read Shane's book seven and yes I
couldn't sit myself an enlightened one
and the monatti princess okay so I could
be a queen finally we all want to be
able to reach the common light is this
real what did I just sign up for am I
gonna have to hang out with her no
offense she seems great but she's
watching a sacrifice on her Apple TV
like it's nothing hold on I ain't go to
her channel
oh you know I changed my mind I want to
be her friend
this was her loominatee submission tape
she's like me this is what I can bring
to the table okay no offense to bet that
was amazing
I'm just confused because now I don't
know if it's a joke or if it's real okay
so I am going to go to sleep and I guess
when I wake up tomorrow I'll see if they
sent me an email and hopefully the book
and I'll get to start my new Illuminati
life can't wait to have nightmares bye
okay it's the next day I have not
checked my email I'm hoping that we got
some kind of like hey Shane welcome to
the party what's your favorite cookie
we'll send you a gift basket or maybe
they even sent me like a list of people
that I need to kill I don't know okay
here we go oh my god oh wow I got two
emails okay so it says Shane the
illuminati welcomes you that was easy
we hold you a citizen of our shared
planet in the highest esteem Oh God okay
for your protection our ranking members
do not maintain personal social media
profiles verify the authenticity of any
profile by going to Illuminati I am a
slash verified me me when I'm in the
Illuminati and a bit like oh my god oh
and there's the book okay the book I
ordered it it should be here by tonight
okay let's see what the other email says
just a second it's nothing like that
guys don't worry
it was Chipotle we're fine okay back to
the email whoo
so they sent me an oath yeah okay this
looks like a contract upon this eternal
oath and freely pledged oh my god and
there's a place to sign it at the bottom
wait do I feel weird okay you know what
later tonight I'm going to put some of
these out I'm gonna force my friends to
sign them with me using our blood and
then maybe we'll read some passages from
the book and I don't know just have like
an Illuminati party and then hopefully
nobody in a robe comes to kill me while
I'm sleeping okay see you soon
guess what I'm printing one contracts
for the Illuminati are you trying to
kill us
no I'm trying to make this rich and
famous and powerful and know so much
shit comes with being a part of the
Illuminati I mean we do have to sign in
our blood no I'm not
don't you want to hang out with Beyonce
don't you want an advance copy and
reputation okay Sam yeah okay well guess
what
well it might get endless whatever you
want because of where we're going
chip away we are not going to Chipotle
we will own ship only because tonight we
are joining the Illuminati that's
impossible no it's not I found a website
I click join a website what does it
called Illuminati calm what is that
I'm getting everything else to you think
about okay they're not just emails to
lifestyle so I ordered a book it's
supposed to be her right now it is
exactly 9:00 p.m. so I thought go
outside
see if it came oh my god there's a guy
in a robe who delivers it oh my god
sorry I just saw myself after I joined
the Illuminati you won't look that cool
did you hire someone in a robe I hope so
okay usually the packages get delivered
you have the creepiest mailman ever
usually dangles them from a tree do you
see anything oh wait why is this here
literally somebody stabbed through it
all right Ricky doin come on out you
know I swear to God I can't really yeah
this is so small oh my god oh my god it
matches your aesthetic I know buddy what
is it
not even a signature I methods of mind
control know about this we got the
Illuminati book this will what a setup
you guys come in here that's it son very
fake watches happens literally the
Illuminati just emailed me oh my god I
was too afraid the second you said the
Illuminati my email just little :
discover the banner of light should I do
it feels like a hack Tom first think
pink all right well you join the
Illuminati and I have a surprise for you
guys all right are you guys ready for
the ceremony
do we really have to believe for this me
the first time at butt sex okay I had my
battery first I have some of these
really cute scary
yeah loominatee language you guys don't
know that yet then of course we have
shame or contracts I'm signing that so I
brought ten but we're actually probably
not gonna use it the way of use our
blood so we'll have a nice no shame but
we need to cut ourselves to initiate the
Illuminati and of course we have Amazon
okay oh my god as a spider crawls what
what just happened to our ritual sit
down join the Illuminati we on say de la
calle what who would Brittany Amanda
Bynes we made her leave Kesha lies
Akashi and Wasik oh she's in the
Illuminati yes so now we must all read
over the secret oath together okay
I don't know why I printed up so many I
forgot I didn't have that many friends
okay so it says a calmness eternal oh
and freely pledged to dedicate my mind
to the discovery of knowledge to
dedicate nice
to the pursuit of analyte to dedicate my
efforts to the progress of abundance to
dedicate my existence to bringing all
people in all places into unification
unification and my loominatee human
species and then we put on these ok so
it's time to sign this but obviously
we're not going to be using the pen now
who wants to go first
darkus Shane what are you about to cut
yourself for a video no for the
Illuminati no we don't know that
actually you should know that ok fine we
won't do blood wait I'd like pimples can
I just pop one oh I have a good one my
ginger perfect all right let me see your
chin oh good lord
did you wash your hands yes No oh my god
that's the craziest thing I'll make it
fast
no you're not getting a knife to my zit
I'm just saying this could really change
the game well I guess I'll sign it with
your blood is that copy too we are in
relationship what is on the contract
it's official where am I gonna get my
blood there I'm worried I'm sure I can
find something in my nipples Jesus
loominatee don't look at this okay
I'm sure I can pick something
I'll find something I hate having clear
skin I really can't find it any kind of
blemish hold on let me get my ask God
what are you doing why is this turning
into the grossest video on the planet
violins patting his wounds you have your
fingers in your ass I'll just sign our
names yours is in blood so you're
sealing it Oh use the wax perfect no
burning it is gonna seal it forever
okay I'm starting to get worse I can
smell your pimple blood bleeding that's
kind of cute okay now it's time to read
a passage from the Illuminati book oh
wow there's a snapchat code Oh yikes
Shane okay this one's called the white
room us this one's called life's journey
begins at the bottom where many reside
but few rise above all right let's see
exactly how this book starts welcome to
the aluminum the Illuminati holds you a
citizen of our shared planet in the
highest esteem wait this is the same
shit that's on the website wait I think
they just printed the website into a
book oh you think it's not real huh
no the Illuminati is an elite collective
of political leaders this is all from
the website yeah this is the About
section we only don't wait I like this
part every person is a human and every
human makes mistakes this is a Hannah
Montana song Oh Hannah Montana is in the
Illuminati six-six
she would take off her wig and put on
another wig a different identity a
reptile person it's all part of the plan
Thanks good luck charlie good luck huh
eight letters eight five letters five
four letters four three one one hell of
a calculator
Oh also you can spell boobs on the
calculator you ever do that blah blah
blah me if I was a preacher alright but
their Facebook and Twitter oh this is
not Ricky Billings book ends there's no
author
well what do we do with this book and I
feel stupid
let's burn it okay why I think we should
all burn it together everybody grab a
side of the book Illuminati this is been
a fun little party but the illumina part
is over
is it a liar voice like read it while
it's burning okay
better arriving 20 minutes we all die
animals and can't serve our planet this
is did freely right this oh yeah it's
really
oh here you guys go we tried to join the
Illuminati I think it works
Bianca here I know you don't want to see
that was fun I like that even if it's
not real which I still think it is it
was fun to just have a night with my
friends and just burn my house yeah I
love a good book burning I'm really sad
drew missed this he was busy tonight but
I feel like the amount of knives in fire
would have given him a panic attack
anyways Gina do you love me even though
I'm not in the Illuminati okay I
remember he never loved me to begin with
Oh before you do can you tell them like
don't be Illuminati like like a sign-off
like
