hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet couple weeks ago on Bob Kahn we
discussed YouTube pranking sensei master
Sam pepper and his latest little little
adventure into the world of
inappropriate pranks and now I have
found another youtuber who might just
rival his title a YouTube channel by the
name of prank invasion has been getting
a lot of traction lately due to kissing
pranks that um seem for lack of a better
word very staged entirely staged it sure
seems so before watching too many of
these weird videos I thought it would be
a lot more fun if the two of us sat down
together and I reacted to them for your
enjoyment okay so my computer right here
and I'm going to start with the latest
video on the prank invasion channel it
is called kissing prank - boyfriend
edition in all caps they're kissing
girls right in front of their boyfriends
okay they're standing literally like
they were set they're like are they
going to at least try and pretend it's
real I was going to play a really quick
game with her for a kiss okay are you
okay with that you're down rock paper
scissors you know what forget the game
I'm going
he should definitely be asking the girl
if he can kiss her not asking her
boyfriend like he's the owner of her
okay that's an excessive kiss and I just
like walks away and let's this happen
okay when somebody says play a game for
a kiss this is not what she signed up
for this is the club this is literally
the closest you two can get for your
like breathing and mouth noises are like
oh if they're definitely too much okay
the next video we're going to be
watching is kissing Frank gay edition in
the thumbnail it's a straight couple
kissing so I don't know what to expect
we whoa whoa I'm gonna go out on Venice
Beach we'll try to kiss girls looking
like this I have no idea if it'll work
but so he thinks being dressed like a
stereotypical gay guy is these girls are
gonna have the issue with versus them
just not wanting to kiss a total
stranger
I hate what's happening right now
literal pg-13 por this is 150% even
close to being real
let's take a look enter the top comments
shall we this is faker than pornhub
telling me that three miles away there
is a milf who wants to fuck me
haochi up is this apprai come on dude
some kids mom and you licking her legs
while their kid is probably watching
question mark I spent a very long time
trying to figure out who was actually
being frank here then I realized it was
the viewers big fan of that comment next
we're going to be heading on over to
prank invasions second channel to check
out a little series I believe he has
called Project girl friends because it's
kind of short if you didn't know I get a
lot of kisses ha if you didn't know I
get a lot of kisses that is my new
tinder bio ok let's skip to the date
wonder Benihana hi guys what's up I'm
here with grace you still be shy but get
changed a little bit shake on it put it
in the blog talking about if you would
be her again
literally treating women like props and
on that note I think I've had enough for
today good night
he's our torching this prank filled
episode bomb.com hopefully we didn't eat
you with our awesome internet shrapnel
if you enjoyed this episode give it a
thumbs up issue head on over to my
channel dig one of the first links in
the description below to check out the
latest video I uploaded it is spicy
question of the day what do you think of
these prices do enjoy watching prank
videos let me know by linking a comment
I will see you very soon as a brand of
episode a bomb calm it's all good
