ha hey was it be guys I'm just hanging
out here with my friend we're just
getting turned it's Friday night been
watching a lot of YouTube DIY videos he
loves man vs. Pinterest it's his
favorite no I am sitting here waiting
for Trish Andrew to come over and we're
gonna hang out I took a shower I put on
a shirt I did my hair this is something
that does not happen every day my daily
routine is usually get up don't shower
don't brush my teeth go to the gym come
back home don't shower make a bunch of
videos never brush my teeth and then it
just kind of repeats so as I was
vlogging I just got a phone call from
true he's at my building and I'm gonna
go let him in let's go surprise him
surprise my gosh wait what did you do
did well how much of that did you get
how much is that did you get I said I
got it
about who about fine uh were you
surprised did I prank you you got me
baby so how's your day
Oh everything feels good it's all fine
do you love how close I am cuz I'm
scared I'll show my actual hallway oh
okay I thought you were like I'm scared
to show your whole face because that's
not a portion Oh so Trish is coming and
I'm only talking for like it's a couple
seconds tonight I promise don't do too
much how often do I walk so much he cuts
he says they're all not good every time
we hang out I'm a vog perfectionist
you're the bathroom he's making a poopy
oh my god but that was his poopy she
goes to that chair why is it swinging
oh he's making a pee-pee can hear the
thick peepee welcome to vlogmas
oh my god why real i'm vlog man didn't
know what i eat
is it personal with you're not even
doing vlogmas this is really recording
yeah I'm doing my one vlog a month
you already got mad at me and he's like
put the fucking camera down he's very
anxious without me ready well we're
waiting for you to get there and drew
got there and I put the camera in his
face and he's like really whoa hater you
can put me on your blog like I didn't
wait for you to meet you all wanna know
we police Navidad miss show us what you
got through lug nuts I got chicken Jim
Rice nachos flour tortillas that's it
what'd you get oh these are beans and a
top of every and that's price and then
what you having I got salad with chicken
and I'm gonna have some nachos and I got
all the sides that Trish doesn't like I
know that's why we make a good team he
need all the sides I need all of the
sides I get all in-between and I eat
everything she doesn't want yeah wait
what are you doing for your blog what I
doesn't want you to said well we're
gonna go to the candy store at some
point to get Christmas candy by the way
guys go follow her vlogmas journey
do your is no vlog myth but I am the og
bumps and this year because you don't do
it you're opposed you're the og
blondeness of this love our group
because knowing blogs and now you're
trying to Jack my blog miss true wait
what's my theme song I'm running at a
time for Christmases and awful but I
love that guys what a candy store yeah
I'm gonna have half
try one on one miss love it
let's call the swimmer no it's really
good here do I actually look good no
it's too small for his head is it yes or
no yes yes I've got a bench over here
hahahaha I prefer cunt guys we just got
our candy I feel good about it I feel
great about it what does it say I just
got the coolest secret gift from went
one I just got the coolest Secret Santa
gift at its sugar promo though guys
she's convincing me to do a morning
routine
yes no for real she doesn't swing to me
and I think it's actually really
interesting
well like listen I make a drink I have a
drink I make it don't spoil the routine
gonna show it out I'll give you a hint
it has all these flavorings in it and
that machine can you say is like the
weirdest thing once I saw those it
wasn't what's weird about that
you're literally a barista the lady my
postmates today goes do you want to pump
and I like watch like for all your
syrups
like I drew is like I think she things
you own like an ice truck oh my god like
it's no puncture no but for real is it
it looks like it's like really weird
actually but you tried it you said it
was good that was fun you know why
because of my helpers a little Taurani
helpers guys when you come to my meet
and greets stop giving me like stuffed
animals and really sweet letters and
amazing artwork just start giving me
fuckin Teresa's the sugar free sugar
free sponsors actually don't do that
they'll break everywhere it'll be a
madman oh my god that's does it youtuber
man okay yeah but I was like half Katie
browser no just kidding love you guys
can't wait to see how my next book tour
and I'll be carving eternally what are
you going on a book tour when you gonna
do it the twins that you're gonna do it
well they said a screenplay but then one
of them was like well one of the want to
fuck you and then the other one was like
you're gonna write a book
you ready broke that poetry I did what
the psychic selfie drew know about women
fucking each other was called T's
obviously it's not Amazon now but only I
didn't read that
first of all it was ten pages and we
read it together guys I'm vlogging right
now and we're also filming a video so I
to music really fun having fun we're
making fucking DIYs bitch igloo and high
Eiffel Tower yeah well let's show them
in Eiffel Tower that's for your channel
yeah we can do it I don't know is it
brantford I want it you're fun brand
friendly yeah yeah I don't know how
Shane Dawson the iJustine of the
Internet the prayer Bruyne friendly um
no we were just a mile towering drew do
you know what it was
well okay it seemed like spit-roasting
to me mom I'm sorry
spit-roasting is different because
spit-roasting is well you don't connect
hands at the top and spit-roasting is
more that you just flip her over
okay this girl G what is what am i doing
am i eater you're sucking my dick over
the Eiffel Tower why are you up here
where's my house my dick whoops no a
girl a girls like this yeah girl sucks
your dick I fuck her knee and the cocoa
tea and then we connect hands so it's
kind of homoerotic in that way yeah let
me make out yeah
does that how's that part of like that
means we're holding hands are we fucking
kissing does the more of a teepee
situation yeah guys I'm ending at the
vlog how did it how was a day I had a
good time it was a day it was me what
did we learn today we learned that we
are friends and we have fun and we liked
party but we also like to sit what is go
that was my one and only day of vlogmas
hope you enjoy that I'm gonna trace his
channel for her actual vlogmas
youtube.com slash Trish's life and go to
Jews channel 4 he doesn't eat his weird
shit so enjoy that in a good way
know what a great what I like change
things he changes lives my talk old are
you guys will be out fighting in the
other day with you make sure these video
thumbs up subscribe I make new videos
every legal team I obey all their
stories are kind of the same they wake
up in the middle of the night they look
out of the corner of their eye they see
something standing there when they see
it they are frozen in fear they can't
move their heart starts to race they
feel like they can't speak they can't
breathe all they can do is stare at the
shadow and hope to god it goes away and
then they close our eyes as hard as they
can open it back up again and it's
