oh hey what's up you guys yes today is
going to be another day where we talk
about urban legends today's urban legend
is one of the scariest to me because
it's one that affects me personally on a
pretty much nightly basis today we're
going to be talking about shadow a
shadow person is kind of like a ghost
but a little bit different now the
legend of shadow people has been around
pretty much since the beginning of time
shadow people are usually seen when you
wake up in the middle of the night they
have the shape of a man but they don't
have any of the features they're
basically all black they appear out of
nowhere and they can disappear in a
second they can dart from one corner of
the room to the other sometimes it feels
like they're not even walking and just
floating and sometimes they can crawl up
onto your bed sit on your chest and
stare at you but because they don't have
any eyes it's even scarier it's just a
figure right in front of your face some
people think the reason the shadow
people are here is to watch us or guard
us kind of like a guardian angel others
believe it's a little bit darker now
there are thousands and thousands and
thousands of people who have talked
about witnessing shadow people favorite
blogs about it they have had video
interviews of additives but
documentaries about it and all their
stories are kind of the same they wake
up in the middle of the night they look
out of the corner of their eye they see
something standing there when they see
it they are frozen in fear they can't
move their heart starts to race they
feel like they can't speak they can't
breathe all they can do is stare at the
shadow and hope to god it goes away and
then they close their eyes as hard as
they can open it back up again
and it's gone now some people have said
that the shadow person they see is
wearing a large hat people believe that
the hatted figure is more evil is not
here to protect you it's not here to
watch you it is here to get something
from you in some cases people have seen
this how to figure so much they don't
want to sleep so they take caffeine
pills some of them have ended up in
institutions because they can't deal
with it and a lot of doctors think it's
a medical disorder or maybe it's our
eyes playing tricks on us but honestly I
don't think that's what it is here's one
man's experience it was 1995 I was in
bed asleep when I felt my torso moving
slightly up and down when I awoke I saw
a shadow
on top of me straddling me I looked at
it they had no features or gender just a
silhouette of a person it was pitch
black I glanced really fast around the
room trying to compare it to the
darkness that was around me but nothing
could match it when I focused back at it
it leaned forward stared at me face to
face I turned my head to one side and
screamed as loud as I could all the dogs
started barking at the same time it's at
upright and lunged into my chest at that
moment I prayed so hard then the figure
was gone since then I've had no
reoccurrence now obviously there's not
much video evidence of shadow people
because I mean people can't just grab a
camera in the middle tonight there was
one video I found of a shadow person
walking through a store in the middle of
the day now listen I don't know how real
this is
but it's interesting nonetheless so
check it out
I don't know I know it looks kind of
fake but it still makes me really
creeped out but the videos I am going to
show you today are more related to
something called sleep paralysis sleep
paralysis is a phenomenon where people
are either falling asleep or just waking
up and they aren't able to move they
can't speak they can't react they're
literally stuck in their body but their
mind is working and they're awake they
can hear what's going on around them so
if you've never experienced this imagine
you're sleeping and then you start to
wake up and you open your eyes and you
see your room and you're like okay time
to get up for the day but you can't move
are you trying to move as hard as you
can and you're trying to move your
fingers but you can't move your fingers
and you're trying to scream but you
can't scream you're trying to tell
somebody to wake you up but they can't
wake you up it's honestly the most
terrifying thing I've ever felt in my
entire life and I get it like four times
a week now some doctors say that you
could get it more if you suffer from
anxiety if you sleep on your back if you
have a bad sleeping schedule like if you
fall asleep during the day whatever it
is I get it a lot here's one man showing
his experience and showing what he looks
like while he's going through check it
out and look at my leg it's twitching so
I'm starting to wake up but my eyes
aren't open just yet and so you're going
to stall also start to hear my breathing
become more and more labored as I start
to panic basically I'm trying to make
noise you can see me shaking just a
little bit my fingers going keep an eye
on the fingers and my head as well
starts to twitch I'm trying to speak or
call out to the nurses but it's just
coming out as a kind of snorting snore
there's my finger moving and my eyes are
open now and you're going to start to
see my head try and move there you go
and it's this is what it looks like kind
of like a seizure and you can see my
eyes going and I'm just getting more and
more panicked and then finally and then
it's all in one last burst of energy
it's gone and that's exactly how it is
and sometimes it's even worse I've had
sleep paralysis last for like an hour
now a lot of people have linked sleep
paralysis to seeing shadow people except
for it is commonly referred to as the
night hag so the night hag is basically
just another term for shadow person and
it's when you're having sleep paralysis
and you open your eyes and you see if
this person sitting on top of you
staring at you holding your chest down
it makes it hard for you to breathe
impossible
for you to move it's almost like she's
grabbing on to your whole body keeping
you where you are so obviously doctors
are trying to figure out why this
happens maybe sleep paralysis trigger
something your brain to make you see
things or hallucinate but there hasn't
been any actual real proof so personally
what I feel is when you're in that state
and you're that vulnerable where your
body is like not moving but your mind
and your soul are it's not surprising
that ghosts or shadows or whatever would
want to come and see you a lot of alien
abductions also take place during that
time so what a lot of people who have
been abducted say that they were having
sleep paralysis when it happened I don't
know it's all really scary now for my
personal experience if you've been
watching my channel for a while and if
you read my book you would know that I
have dealt with it for pretty much my
whole life I put up a short film on this
channel I'm a couple months ago I'll
link that down there but basically I was
younger I was like 13 14 I think when I
first started experiencing astral
projection which I'll talk about in a
different video but there was an
experience that happened I think when I
was around 22 I think and I was in bed
and I opened my eyes and I saw his dark
shadow but I was also asked for
projecting that sounds very confusing
whatever I got into a battle of the
shadow and it was cold and it was evil
when it was this long battle and it was
floating through the air and I was
floating with it and then I finally woke
up into my body and honestly it was the
most intense insane experience of my
life and I explained it very badly so go
watch a short cut but another experience
I had was with my grandma so she was at
my house one night and I was sharing a
bedroom with her I was on the floor she
was in the bed in the middle of the
night I woke up to go to the bathroom
and I looked over at my grandma on her
bed and she was shaking I turn on the
light and it was like grandma what's
wrong she told me that when she woke up
she saw a shadowed man standing right in
front of her bed she said she couldn't
move she said she couldn't breathe she
said she was panicking she said she
couldn't talk she said that when I said
grandma what's wrong it went away now
listen my grandma was not a spiritual
person she didn't believe in ghosts she
didn't believe in any of that shit so
for somebody like her to experience that
that must have been very real so tell me
your story have you ever experienced
shadow people or sleep paralysis let me
know down the comments also tell me what
urban legend you want me to talk about
next all right you guys I'm going to go
hope you had fun scaring with me and fun
scaring with you and I'll see you
tomorrow make sure to subscribe because
I make new videos every school day and
get my video a fauxhawk
alright guys a good night's sleep good
luck
is there a toy inside yeah you just go
no or you can open it literally just I
did it Oh
