hey guys yes I'm here with everything
and now we're very excited today because
nobody's ever really done testing a Seen
on TV product I know just like a new
idea to YouTube right so we're like the
first yeah no we're starting I
went to Bed Bath & Beyond hashtag not
spawns hashtag wish it was because it's
been $500 hashtag reach out BB and
beyond
come on they've got every s you know TP
product they had buy most of them are
for women which is why I'm doing this
yeah so I'm wondering am and perspective
we're gonna start with on my favorite
which is secret extensions about secrets
and extensions so I don't know how it
works in your hair color so these are
definitely to go on you know know how
they didn't have gray all the grannies
out there I had to get you pink but I
feel like that works okay let's do the
lotto know if she was on my god what
happened what happened why are you on
this box why are you here for this so
let's open that right so I look a little
hair sample that looks like they dream
it's in colorless stop but but this is
on it first of all oh oh
Christmas Steve I think we've definitely
been what is this
so you're supposed to and this spot is
real and secretive you're supposed to
put it on like a halo oh and then like
let your hair hello by the real Oh such
a bullet point out of color is perfect I
feel like I'm feeling myself like a
Beyonce like yours last natural you got
to get a slow motion home
be like you look cute like a pop star
and I look like old country singer nice
product this is the shaper it supposedly
put on betting and women and it makes
you skinny too skinny thing what it is I
think it's like you know like that area
I'm here just to have that many points
to your dick or puss it's like look this
way ah I'm either but maybe we will with
that oh it's not a good sign that all
the boxes in the store were taped up we
have in return all of that oh crap
it's like at a stick through all right
you gotta help I could feel like the ABS
this is pushing all my diarrhea out it's
really a definition down oh my god my
VCR you electrocuted my god touched you
and like I hear you like my arm was
electrocuted I don't what it was wonder
this is returning to watch this and I'm
gonna kill somebody you look good
alright next kinetic sand oh I think
I've played with this before I'm not
sure this has been on TV for years
basically Santa never dries out keeps
your hands clean and cleanup is easy
easy to shape and mold gluten fat our
kids did you have to eat those eight
yeah eat everything so let's kind of
mold something in 10 seconds we'll see
the winds this is not it's just all four
okay one two three
I'm gonna thank you did we both make
digs yeah mine is falling apart I'm very
realistic right oh my god me there leave
me up like this okay I kind of get it
you can't really mold it but it's
kinetic sand it's
really moving means kinetic is like
moving so you have like kinetic energy
it's like moving energy I just learned
something today
it looks like mold like I'm actually
kind of nervous trying to eat it so this
gluten-free mouth
well thank you it is like I'm chewing
off my teeth a little bit Oh
jeggings these are Jake Jeannie's slim
jeggings comfort for all women it's
supposed to look like jeans but they're
not and you cover your muffin top smooth
your legs no visible panty lines what
size it is oh you want me to try to
learn also tape or do you want to try to
copy we could take her oh my god an art
about these guys even you you got a girl
oh this is Christmas motivational and
look your leg looks so skinny
another connection I need it haha we
just start out by saying they do have a
penis you just can't see right now I
never fantastic um everyone this club
right now or what it's like there's not
much like but room like a cat okay
because I could just cover it with my
long shirt yeah I guess I'm like cute
shoes on mostly it's gonna be great you
feel like you can do anything huh no I
need to take two more things
this I've seen and I love chapstick just
like these little animals and they're on
top of chapstick but they're like crazy
flavors like this one is cheerleader
flavor I've always wanted you know I
thought to be a hat flavor this is happy
birthday to me get it why would I put
humans with your best friend
oh I want to taste a cheerleader me I
can do it without killing her you want
to kill someone's to taste them thanks
for that I'm shirt okay you're gonna try
BFF okay cuz we're a hashtag is hashtag
yeah selfie oh my gosh I love it ooh
skier real wet pickle ah do it sound
like great we got it fantastic
it tastes like straight F's but also
getting into a good college because they
blow two credits it also tastes like
pregnancy mine is just like great quite
taste cheerleader honestly it tastes
like cotton candy so I'm gonna try a
final side
I want to see I want to see your wild
side because you're so tame all the time
let's see
yeah well try happy to be nice Oh wild
side profit is good by all sides
bring out a different part of me well
just like a pencil eraser yes oh now I
know what you mean girls would say you
get chapstick stuck under your hair yeah
yes that's why you shouldn't wear with
blossom try to make out you're actually
going on
finally you're going to have a test are
you ready now this is called the turbo
twist I've seen a lot of infomercial so
I know how to do this it's basically
something you wear on your head after
the shower put a towel on your head and
then you wrap it up and then tuck it
into this little ponytail okay well
let's see who could do it faster okay
one two three
 yeah I'm stuck got it weird you
know that's something you do with it
although that's a cute look like a promo
at the front but you're supposed to have
it in the back is in the back is where
you tied a pony wait what are these it
comes with little bonus is already
easier this leg with a shower cap oh
it's cute and then I realized Quaker
Oats guy I just grabbed my BFF up
put on my jeggings
just grab I finished touch the card
would work ready go
I just turned into my mom did you
how's it being challenge not working
okay well okay let's grade which one was
the best which was the worst I like my
hair extensions the best I think my
favorite was I'm gonna go for hair
extensions yeah that was like I felt
like it was a most realistic like if you
have a little longer hair on the sides
like if you could have pulled it off and
if at some time to really work with been
in the front I've gotten
at least favorite was a v-shape because
it electrocuted her and also reminded me
of how little control I have over my ABS
and I stood where it was the lipgloss is
it actually trying to make my looks kind
of dumb color guys go let us know down
the comments which one and have you ever
tried any of these let us know and also
is there any more we should try also big
shot of funny gray or girl we know this
is your thing I'm not I'm not stepping
on your turf girl you do your thing okay
grow up to to Queen we're just reading
it here bunny hole no we are oh oh
family day is this
and every night come at her channel
subscribe watch a video where we've meet
you today where we made out cozy
tomorrow bye I see you on not TV Lou
there's some cheese huh cheese
sauce this is her this is the one this
is who I'm gonna marry oh my god I woke
up like this
