have you guys almost merry fucking
Christmas or happy holidays or Kwanzaa
or Hanukkah or maybe you hate everything
and I'm jealous of yeah so since it's so
close to Christmas I thought today I'll
give myself a gift Taco Bell I thought
it would be the perfect gift to myself
to try something good today this is the
Taco Bell breakfast I even want you to
try this forever but uh well I woke up
like this at noon so me having this on a
daily it's not gonna happen so I really
excited to try today okay the last time
and tried to McDonald's breakfast and I
don't think I liked it did I eat the
rest of it after I turn the video camera
off yeah but I hated myself for it but
today we're gonna practice himself look
I'm and I'm going to be trying five
different items one of which is the
waffle taco but I'm gonna save that for
the very end because that's like a grand
finale that's like the one I've been
most excited to try my whole life and I
know what you're saying chained it
swimming around for like a year but I
just started living when it came out but
first we're gonna try the bacon burrito
okay I'm gonna keep it real I do not
enjoy breakfast burrito is I don't know
there's something about putting ketchup
on a burrito that weirds me out and
listen I put ketchup on everything but
to me scrambled eggs is not included in
everything I think I don't like
scrambled eggs because it reminds me of
my mom like she had a hysterectomy and
then I was like clone where you have
kids again and she's like oh honey
Mama's eggs are scrambled so dig in okay
so it looks like a burrito
god I love talk about burritos oh it
feels like like Mama's freshly shaven
like I'm getting too close to mom in
this video let's break her in half
oh mama I mean there's a lot of egg I
mean this is all egg oh there's sausage
wait I thought this was supposed to be
bacon I complained it I'm just saying
even better I like sausage a lot better
here's this sausage burrito can you guys
see it I know all you guys complain
Shane it's you fucking bright well
somebody has to brighten the camera up
or else you're gonna see what this
really looks like it's not pretty
that's what it looks like without the
brightness yeah but - shit - no eggs
okay here we go talk about by the way I
love you no I love you I've been
sponsored by you before I've been in a
commercial of yours before I've waited
in your drive-through or 2:00 a.m. many
times so if I don't like this it's not
you it's me okay here we go wait I'm
confused there you go why is it go this
should not be good cuz I'm not alive
when I saw it I was like fuck I'm not
gonna upload this cuz I talk about a
girl I don't wanna piss off but this is
good I mean I'm gonna keep it real it
could use some sauce like I could throw
on some like
toss packets or something which by the
way always makes me happy because they
like kind of flirt with me a little bit
it's like this packets hot but not as
hot as you I know they just want my
money but hunger this is not bad okay
okay we like something that doesn't
happen very often
number two the morning Crunchwrap
supreme okay I'm excited about this one
because Crunchwrap Supremes are my
favorite thing in the whole world
there's just something about the fact
that it kind of looks like a dismembered
body part you know saying like an ass
cheek or like a man tip it's just
something that I would love to chew on
if I was a serial killer so this one is
like breakfast version which I'm
guessing is like eggs cheese and maybe
bacon possibly beans it they're gonna go
crazy ah maybe separa moly dang I love
what Taco Bell does that to me all right
here we go should we break her in half I
think which burger to have boom the
sound hold on you need to hear this oh
and she's a woman
interesting oh okay there's a lot going
on in here I'm a little confused by it
I'm not gonna touch it yet there's eggs
clearly and then some kind of substance
oh it's ash Brown's shocking did not
expect that some kind of little chunks
bacon that's bacon chunks and then some
kind of sauce which is good because that
first thing need a sauce so I'm guessing
they fucked up on that and they're like
oh shit let's put some sauce in the
Crunchwrap fix things up alright here we
go
it's good huh you know what I'm
conflicted oh there's like a lot going
on and I don't know if I like or not
it's basically like a youtuber party
there's like a lot of different types of
youtubers there's like some good ones
some bad ones questionable ones there's
like two or three problematic ones I'm
looking at you scrambled eggs so when I
walk into the party I'm like oh I like
this similar to when I fit into this but
then after I'm like at the party for a
minute and I'm getting kind of like
secondhand high get a little tipsy I'm
like this party ain't that bad I hope
somebody dies yeah I don't feel about
this I don't love it I don't hate it
it's VidCon oh this needs sauce I don't
like more something that's just me but I
like everything just dipped just drench
just soaking dripping I like it wet next
item this is just another burrito a
different type I don't know cuz it
doesn't say oh just the fucking snow oh
it's like therapy that should be talked
about tagline you know cheaper than
therapy I'm not going to break this one
in half
going to try to just bite it off the end
like a normal person here we go okay
hold on that wasn't the burritos fault
for making me throw up
that's my gag reflex which I am shocked
I have one this one is way different
what is that there's a big something in
here I don't know what the hell that is
that looks like a nugget there's some
Nuggets blue there's some cheese huh
fucking cheese sauce this is her this is
the one this is who I'm gonna marry oh
my god I woke up at Dan's big one yes my
I don't know what's wrong start diet but
this one's about Ashley wanna have to
change in the middle - cheese sauce with
milk and your chunks however some charm
I think I want to have like diddle
Cocteau's be like I want to burrito with
the sauce and the toes no wonder some
dogs and gag on that one this one is a
bomb Oh done boom not sponsor wish I was
I'll take the check oh ha little sippy
sippy and his name wasn't salty as hell
no so bring a lot of soda next I'm so
excited about this I've seen the
commercials for this forever but I'm
into nervous to try them because it kind
of look like testicles but these are the
Cinnabon cinnamon II fucking I don't
know balls look at it look at this
beauty Booton I'm gonna joke about the
smell kind of smells like a candle
definitely smells like chemicals behind
judging ok here we go it supposed to pop
so this shit better pop
meaning if you I will be sad on
Christmas then you'll never every other
day
it is Christmas and aren't you snap I
kicked awesome yeah this hmm this makes
my Christmas not family not friends not
presents not Jesus this oh my god it's
like a donut it's like a churro
it's like mashed potatoes don't ask it's
like all of that mixed into one
deep-fried brought out pumped out
impregnated with some cream holy fuck
oh oh the innards ah the innards this is
good these are good it only gave me two
I mean I would take a hundred so that's
my only issue with the sin of ice
I would like more okay I got one more
thing to go I'm really nervous about
this because if it's not good I'm gonna
cry if it is good I'm gonna cry cuz I'm
gonna evil think this is the waffle
fucking oh oh isn't she lovely isn't she
what oh now this is just like a taco
except for this is a waffle and inside
it has eggs cheese and sausage I'm gonna
be shrimp oh fuck that's what they do in
the commercial okay whatever I'm gonna
imagine the syrup in my head maybe put
some diet coke on it okay here we go
here we go
please be good please be good please be
good I don't like this little-known fact
one time I did a chocolate commercial
and they told me to hold the tackleberry
specifically I had to hold it exactly
this they shaped my fingers cuz they
said kind of gross and I had to go like
this ready but that's how I'd about it
so I'm gonna do a right
Taco Bell I don't know the theme so you
get the drift Taco Bell YUM mmm all the
other girls in the room they were good
it was sweet it was salty but there no
you know man I knew I would made up that
song cuz I'm at the fire she puts all
the bitches to shame oh she's a girl at
prom and all the other girls walk in and
they're up dude and they got like the
chopsticks in the hair cuz they're
trying to look like cool and hip and
then she walks him
she got a wedding dress on she got a
sparkler in her hair she lights it smoke
sparkles fire all the other girls bow
down to the
and then she says play about jail that's
her
oh my god she knows what she's doing I'm
so happy you were good I was nervous for
a minute cuz I think I see a little bit
of relish so I was nervous but after we
got through that you did a baby you did
it whoo well there are guys go that was
my really intense emotional meal if you
guys enjoyed that please give me a
thumbs up and subscribe I think you
videos every single day and if you want
to see more videos of me tasting weird
shit I'll put a playlist in the
description
I have eaten at McDonald's breakfast I
have eaten weird ice creams I don't know
to you next so if you have any ideas let
me know down the comments and I will see
you guys tomorrow and remember she's
better than you bye Wow so money so
about the bling-bling bigger bling-bling
look at that oh my god I'm crying money
my fucking dream
