hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet a video that has been gaining a
lot of traction recently on the Internet
is actually based on a video game and no
I'm not talking about the Miranda sings
app the video itself I'm sure was very
complicated and technologically
difficult to create and make and idle I
wouldn't know how to build such a thing
at all but from what I can tell from a
very onion technologically advanced
standpoint it took a lot of work but
it's an animation that mimics a game
called roller coaster tycoon the word
tycoon is an underrated word the video
is kind of mimicking recreation of
something that happens in the game with
it all going horribly horribly wrong to
end me trying to stumble my way through
a description of this very cool video
I'm just going to show it to you
immediately
it's cool so because this crazy roller
coaster gone wrong situation has blown
up so much on the internet I thought it
was my duty to find other similar videos
that exist on the Internet hopefully
some real ones also hopefully not some
real ones because I love roller coasters
and I do not want to be scared away from
them forever because life will have no
thrill anymore and my daily existential
crisis is will become hourly so that is
exactly what I've set out to do hello so
I have my computer right here and I'm
going to be typing in the word horrible
roller coaster accident and seeing what
pops up I'm a little bit nervous however
not that nervous because at the end of
the day I'm safe in my home and
everything is going to be fine for
almost oxygen search ah but like not
that much I like the very first video
that pops up is a horrible rollercoaster
accident - viewer discretion is advised
they're asking for my discretion just to
clarify I'm going to look up the exact
definition of discretion the freedom to
decide what should be done in a
particular situations so they're saying
I have the freedom to decide what should
be done and what I am decide you should
be done is clicking on this video and
viewing it with my eyes okay it's okay
they're having fun they're having
okay they're still having fun okay
that's our dessert dessert anyone's just
laughing oh my god the logo just popped
up and it says Australia's Funniest Home
Videos Australia and this American have
very different ideas of what is funny
based on the fact that the title said a
horrible rollercoaster accident I
thought he was going to slip
out and die I thought I was about to
watch someone no longer be living I'm
stressed but I kind of have an
adrenaline rush like that was a
secondhand thrill let's watch another
one oh my god okay the next one that we
were going to be watching is called
horrible theme park accident someone's
going to come flying and then they're
just playing another clip like that
wasn't a big deal okay I'm ready for the
next one okay it's a little mini roller
it was just a roller coaster it was
going along the track like everything
was fine and dandy and then it just
sullen top the track but the track was
turned to butter like a well greased
cookie sheet and then the cookie just
went full oh my god just acting like
these aren't a big deal I'm just going
on to the next one but give a girl a
second to recover from that that was
traumatic
ah what happened literally nothing
happened in that clip Wow
after what I've been through that was
kind of a relief we're going to watch
one more because honestly I think that's
all my lungs and heart can handle and
people justly slipped off to people to
people what are weird coincidence like
you're on a roller coaster with your
friend and statistically this is so
unlikely to happen but at the exact same
time you both just slip out like you're
sliding into someone's DM okay I'm I'm
out I'm done
I am so oh that was really like
genuinely so stressful and I need I'm
gonna gun like literally gonna go to
sleep I'm gonna go to sleep right now
good night thank you guys so much
watching this crash filled episode
bomb.com hope we didn't eat you with our
awesome ending that shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode don't forget to give
it a thumbs up and check out the latest
video over on my channel there will be
one of the first links up in the
description
that wasn't grammatical however I think
I got my message across in a way that
you will understand also really quickly
I forgot to mention this welsh actually
shooting the actual video with the
pretty camera youtubers a dubs andrea
russett and I actually made a calendar
really cool interactive element to the
calendar all the pictures are super
weird and we are really excited about it
I really really appreciate if you head
on over to lettuce guy.com
it'll be also linked in the description
and at least checked out the calendar
really appreciate you purchasing I
really proud a project and it means a
lot to me so thanks many kisses question
of the day what do you think of roller
coasters do you find them to be scary do
you find them to be thrilling let me
know by leaving a comment I will see you
all next week with a brand new episode
of I'm calm
so good
