hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is Esther and
I just got my wisdom teeth taken out so
I've really doped up on pain meds that
means that I'm gonna try to get through
this video as best as I can even if in
my head it's like and Thomas my friend
for this what the fuck news we talked
about the really fucking weird side of
the news that you might have missed in
the last week the first thing that I
want to talk about today is the news
revolving again around Sam pepper bunny
does probably remember the story I
talked about before when Sam made a
prank video where he's touching random
girls asses on the street that was met
with a ton of controversy on the YouTube
community
well Sam is back to making more terrible
life choices as he uploaded another
prank video where he's killing someone
in front of someone else did a video no
Sam explains that he was beating up the
two minors in the video a 19 year old
Sam Goldbach an 18 year old home be
brought to possibly film some prank
videos together he also explains that
only one of them was actually in on the
prank while the other one literally
thought his friend was dying in front of
him in response though to the
overwhelming hate Sam has got because of
the video he did what he did last time
when he fucked up and made a follow-up
video or is explaining that it was all
just a social experiment meant to make
us appreciate our lives more and realize
that you know this could happen everyone
personally I just think that Sam pepper
is just an evil twin in that somewhere
right now his good twin Sam salt is
doing charity work and helping people
you know I just can't wait to see what
prank Sam does next and calls them a
social experiment hey God Sam pepper
here today I'll be bringing a gun into a
nursing home and pointing it at
traumatized War veterans hey guys it's
Sam pepper here today I'm going to be
going into an orphanage and telling the
orphans that the parents are still alive
but don't worry it's just a social
experiment to teach people not to be
fucking orphans
first and foremost a lot of people are
wondering and claiming in this videos
just entirely faith that maybe both
people were in on it and they were just
doing it to drum up some publicity to
get attention
in the end I don't think whether or not
this prank was fake or not is why people
are upset it's the message that it's
sending so obviously because of the
Internet's reaction the video a lot of
people have reached out to Sam pepper
and YouTube trying to get the video to
be taken down
there's even a petition now to delete
Sam peppers YouTube channel which as of
filming this video has over 200,000
signatures also among some of the people
that were disturbed by this video is the
activist group Anonymous that tweeted
out to Sam last week saying we've been
notified of a sick disturbing video
uploaded by Sam pepper yet again he uses
violent abuse to garner subscribers this
video must be taken down Sam pepper you
have been warned you have 24 hours or we
will unleash fucking hell on you Wow
you know you're a shitty person when of
all the people that anonymous could be
hacking they choose you this is a group
that dealt with the KKK the Westboro
Baptist Church Isis and now they're
going after you you might need to
rethink your life and as I said before I
really don't want to jump on the
bandwagon of hating this guy even if it
is becoming really hard not to for me
personally I've always seen Sam pepper
once at a YouTube convention in Florida
and even then there were stories that he
didn't want to take pictures with his
fans so he threw a girl's phone across
the room and then threatened another
girl that he was going to drop her phone
down an elevator shaft so you know just
not a nice guy next in politics what the
fuck new subtle dramas been in the news
a lot lately not only because it's a
batshit insane motherfucker running for
president nighted states but now the
White House itself has realized it it
may potentially ban him from running in
the elections listen you're wondering is
because of Donald Trump's stance on
puzzles as an American wanting to
basically ban all Muslims from coming
into the country which obviously isn't a
direct violation to the Constitution you
know who else wanted a block people who
are coming in this country Hitler just
saying then again no Donald Trump
probably doesn't know what the
Constitution is always just like yo man
that thing was made so fuckin long ago
who gives a turn that's Donald Trump's
exact quote also in hilarious Donald
Trump news he was doing a photo shoot
earlier this week for Time magazine with
a live Eagle that hilariously was
attacking into the entire time
does anyone else find it ironic that
America's national animal also hates
Donald Trump no just me honestly though
that ankle looks dangerous you know what
Trump you might as well just band Eagles
from the United States now right
seriously though guys I think this is
all just a huge misunderstanding
I don't think the eagle was attacking
Donald Trump I just think that he
thought that Donald Trump's hair was its
nest after everything else you know I
don't want to take any political stances
here I just personally don't trust
anyone whose hair looks like a croissant
hide it seriously if my hair look like
this would you trust me hey they're
getting my banging dancers no no you
wouldn't at last in viral video what the
fuck news a video went viral last week
of a woman going through McDonald's
drive-through filming herself getting
pissed off and the employees that her
cookies were fresh this muhfucka
mcdonald's never had my motherfucking
fresh cookie I got a call every time for
my fucking fresh cookies all right
giving my dear my first show cause I got
some raggedy-ass employees anyway I
don't want y'all motherfucking cookies
the motherfuckers up in there showing
each other manicures and shit I will
never come over here again look at her
raggedy ass remember her face what the
fuck did I just witness when McDonald's
cookies mean this much to you I think
you need to reevaluate your life this is
why sometimes I wish I could be a Jedi
so I could do what obi-wan did to that
one guy you want to go home and rethink
your life what go home and rethink my
life yeah I probably do that only I
noticed way overboard and I just feel
like please go die in a hole right now
I'm gonna go die in a hole right now who
gets this upset over fucking cookie also
I think that my favorite thing that's
said in this video is what she's like
yeah my name is Brandi Wooten follow me
on Facebook there Brandi hi going up I
really do this I'm a real blogger though
honey what your real blogger oh my god
can I have your autograph you think that
as a real bloggers you learn not to
fucking film vertically Jesus quite how
are people still doing this see how this
is a tutorial
to make vertical video step 1 turn your
fucking camera sideways you're welcome
Pazuzu there's over 30 videos on our
channel all of which are filmed
vertically it is literally my fucking
nightmare I've had legitimate nightmares
hryvna strapped into vertical video and
it was horrible
ah I hate these black bars around me not
to be racist if there are white bars I
would still hate themselves and also
this video is exactly why I could never
work a real job because the second that
someone started talking shit to me I'd
be like raggedy-ass employees silly if
anyone hears the definition of raggedy
girl eith you it's not one that you like
cookie so much bitch you look like a
cook yeah I would not be a good worker
anyways that is it for this episode of
what the fuck news my question of the
day for you guys is what is your
position on Sam pepper now with this new
video let me know in the comments down
below all of these stories as noise or
the description down below as well as
all my links also uh because I've been
sick for the last two weeks and I just
got my wisdom teeth taken out I haven't
really made any new videos on my channel
but please subscribe to my channel as I
will be making more soon if you don't
subscribe then croissant haired f3 is
gonna come back and you don't you don't
want that hey why aren't you in my band
yet hey I warned you that being said I
will see you next time for another one's
the fucking news thanks for watching and
affair with
