hey you guys yes welcome to my bathroom
I'm sorry
so today I'm in my bathroom because I
thought it would be fun if I tried on a
bunch of ready using contact lenses now
when I was a kid I always wanted to do
this I wore contacts a few times in my
life but I never got to do like really
crazy ones so now that I'm old enough I
decided to go and get a bunch of weird
ones and stick them in my eyes adulthood
also I mean we're matching I planned it
aesthetic all right let's get started so
since it's almost Christmas I decided to
start with the Christmas trees so let's
see if this makes me jolly because this
would be a lot cheaper than pills all
right so how do I get it out ah fuck a
bowl all right okay so I got them in
here so now is just time to put them in
which should be pretty easy considering
guys to wear contacts when I was a
teenager if you're squeamish look away
ow okay okay okay I got this I got this
all right come on hey in there fuck what
is going on let's get it even closer
yeah I look like I'm wearing my makeup
living oh I feel it oh my god
what holy shit
merry fucking Christmas right oh wow I'm
like the devil Santa oh my god Merry
Christmas children that is fucking crazy
who would want that can you answer
posing for your family portrait oh my
god
eyes on the opposite of fleek alright
let's try another one
move now the fun part oh you just pop
right out whoo alright next we're gonna
try the magic 8-balls alright here we go
God ah can you see the actual little aid
case yeah it's somewhere there they kind
of move around a little bit what will be
the point of wearing easily I look like
an anime girl oh oh ah this one hurts
Wow okay why isn't this I only blinking
I didn't even know I could do that
hey girl wow wow oh the rejecting me
okay I'm taking these uh-oh
Oh get down now
I'll call this video I hurt myself today
yeah that's good
all right next we're gonna do the red
cat okay these ones are thick oh wow
look at them I'm gonna feeling these
ones I feel like these are natural you
know what I mean like these ones are
kind of like oh fuck he fucked up his
face you must've got to a car accident
or got stabbed in the eyes and I think I
got beat up but like I like it like it
makes me like stand out you don't mean
like oh hey microphone pulls up
oh thanks Ryan like I feel like it's
scary but like in a good way
no it's not as terrible let me take mom
alright last but not least I could not
resist
I got muddy signs honey YouTube life you
know I mean I mean honestly find her
life but for now do you keep life
alright here we go
I'll finally look rich as my hair and
clothes you're not doing that
guess who got a brand deal hashtag spots
whoa look at that this is what so Ella's
eyes look like when she wakes up and
then she put your people contacts in Wow
so the money saw about the bling-bling
bigger bling-bling look at that oh my
god I'm crying money my fucking dream
Wow
another rich stuff just like pretend
this isn't here and pretend this shitty
ass bath curtain isn't here and these
towels that I've never washed I'm so
fancy just look at my eyes Wow look I
can like twirl them oh no I can't oh
okay these might be my favorites I'm
gonna wear these out I'm gonna go to El
Torito with these yeah sounds like a
large platter of nachos are you sure do
I look like I'm sure that was fun I felt
like I got to be 20 different people
today and not just in my head where you
guys go that was me trying out weird
contacts there's a lot of fun I love
that make sure you give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every day and I'll see you
guys tomorrow also leave me a comment
down below telling me what else I should
put in my face what all right they
should packages with Paris's and call it
sex with a dead person I buy it yeah
that just broke everywhere fuck ah my
whole house is gonna smell like semen
matter he does
