hey listen guys yes today I thought it'd
be fun if I showed you some nice gift
ideas for maybe some of your friends or
relatives or pretty much anybody that
you hate celebrity fragrances I have
always wanted to smell them I don't
think I ever have I'm assuming they all
smell exactly the same except for Lady
Gaga's cuz supposedly her smells like
sperm in blood so today I thought it'd
be fun if I blindfolded myself and
smelled them and tried to guess what
celebrity had what perfume so I thought
way too much I climbed out Walgreens
really quick let's go through them and
just look at the boxes oh my god
unboxing video first we're gonna start
with clean Paris Hilton
this is called oh my god it's literally
just called pear septum can you imagine
if I'd a perfume called Shane Dawson you
know that smell like dogs dogs and candy
ooh I should sell that boo this comes
with a lot it comes with a perfume a
body spray a vaporizer isn't hey smoke
weed her titties hanging out I have a
good feeling about this one we also have
Taylor Swift's fuck is it called call
Taylor does nobody have creativity
anymore she could call it anything like
smell drops on my guitar or good blood
or spray it off now
spray it on spray it on I honestly
should be in marketing I'm good we have
Beyonce heat see that's what I'm talking
about heat that makes me want to put it
on my body although I'm a little
disappointed in her outfit choice that's
a bedsheet and it's like coming apart
it's just a sad look at her mom dressed
her Britney Spears curious I have been
curious see what I do there to try this
one for so long I have made fun of it
for so many years and I'm so curious
what it smells like I'm assuming
something really intense because I feel
like that's what they spray her with
before she goes onstage
h.o curious it wakes up robots pink
friday by nicki minaj whoo this one's
cool one is like a little fucking body
in it you like twist your head off and
spray it on you that's kind of scary but
whatever at least it's different and
then we got Lady Gaga Fame ooh black
fluid love that so this is the one that
supposedly smells like sperm and blood
also this is the one that if you saw
recently in an interview she said she
doesn't like it and hates selling
perfume so can't wait so glad I spent
like 40 dollars on this Gaga okay
I'm going to take these out of the boxes
and then
to put on a blindfold and we're gonna
get crazy okay so I just took them all
out of the boxes
I have them like this so to make sure I
don't know what is what I'm going to
cover my hand with a beanie so I won't
like feel the shape of it and then I'm
gonna blindfold myself this would be so
much easier if I had people in my life
you know they can just put it on my nose
nope
I have to have a puppet to it for me oh
okay here we go
oh yeah now it's starting to feel like
Christmas number one okay I don't know
what it is wait should I spray it
oh fuck I don't know which way the
sprayer thing is what if I spray it in
my face okay maybe I'll just smell it
here we go this is what doing drugs is
like cuz I like it maybe if I spray it
on my finger okay
I'll fight there we go I'll find it on
my finger okay it's on my finger ah whew
okay I don't think I'm supposed to spray
that much ah
is it rat poison oh my god is this gonna
wash off okay
smells like flowers mixed with hospice
and dirt so it's a funeral it's a dead
is it curious I'm gonna go curious no
offence Brittany I love you girl let's
see oh it's Paris I miss her come back
to life Paris
ah no that was really bad I don't know
who would want to smell like that but I
wouldn't even spray that on my enemies
next one okay number two where's the
little sprayer there it is
it just guzzled at me all right here we
go huh whoa hold on okay this guy's oh
really fucking weird
I love the whole blood and semen thing
was a joke I literally can smell cum it
could because it's already dried up on
my hand from last night but I smell
fresh calm weird and also like like
strawberry like strawberry cub like a
strawberry shortcake cum cake a
strawberry cupcake that has to be Gaga
and if that is gaga that's crazy who
came in this bottle it's gaga I was
right that's gross
what the fuck that you how do they do
that
what is that me this smells like when
you walk into your older brother's room
and it's like 3:00 p.m. and he's
sleeping oh this is not good or good
depending on who you are they should
packages with Paris's and call it sex
with a dead person I buy it yeah that
just broke everywhere fuck ah my whole
house is gonna smell like semen no it
already does number three okay there's a
sprayer okay a fourth finger ooh that
one smelled it
kind of smells like hand sanitizer I
think they forgot to put the flavour in
it
this one smells like clean like
sanitizing like an office kind of like
staples so I want to say Taylor Swift
because I feel like she's kind of boring
so maybe she would make her Center smell
like nothing all right let's see what it
is
oh it's curious what Brittany let me
down
I thought Brittany was gonna smell like
fucking candy store something crazy was
gonna kick me in the face she's gonna do
like a high kick that literally smelt
like nothing oh no this what did it to
her did she smell this too much the
bottles cool though full UFO huh oh my
god so many hints is she an alien oh my
god is she an alien who is nothing
inside of her conspiracy theory I did it
again
oops I did it again see what I know okay
alright let's say oh just wants dripping
sorry wet I'm just menage oh no oh this
one smells like a buffet like like a
buffet on Sunday like when all the
church ladies get there and they try to
steal all the good pieces of pie did
Jesus teach you anything to share yeah
that smells like old lady it smells like
old church lady fuck who's left it might
be Nicki Minaj I feel like Nicki Minaj
like looks like a freak but she's kind
of a church lady like the way she
dresses and I feel like she talks about
Jesus a lot no I mean you know those
people God made me dinner front raise it
like that I'm gonna go name a notch Oh
Taylor what Taylor why would you want
your twelve-year-old fans of smell like
old ladies she is kind of an old lady
isn't her thing she's like I'm such an
old lady I don't think she doesn't
accept I don't know why did that but she
like bakes cookies and laughs you know
fucking goes to the park feeds the deaf
that's what this smells like old and
boring next all right we got two left I
don't even remember what they are one of
them is Nikki I remember that where is
this briquette all right there it is
whoo-whoo that one smells like red hots
mixed with vanilla mixed with Illuminati
that gotta be Beyonce
yes it's Beyonce heat I knew it the
second it sprayed
because when it sprayed me it took a man
it took control it was like that's my
hair now I kind of like this one so far
this one's the best like I wouldn't wear
it now cuz I'm a man well yeah kinda but
I'm all about gender roles or not gender
I'm all about not gender rules what am I
about I don't know tumblr tell me
alright last one we already know it's
nicking the nose so let's give it a
spray my apartment smells boss oh okay
let's pray nan the beanie yes bitch okay
I hate to say this and I hate to say
this whoa what I'll hopefully it smell
good but the bottle smells like a
butthole
what is that or is it my hair no it's
the bottle okay the actual spray is good
the bottle smells like it was shoved up
Mickey's hole maybe that's why it's
called pink Friday he's like oh it's
Friday okay just take away the bottle
but this smelled good I'm gonna give
this to somebody I'm gonna who I'm gonna
spray this on my dog's okay Nikki wins
that is a shock to us all what are you
guys go I was me trying fuckin celebrity
perfumes I don't know I thought it would
be fun and it kind of was they ain't
comment down below telling me what your
favorite perfume is or what celebrity
you would drink drink what whatever I
don't know get his video thumbs up and
subscribe and give it as everybody and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
do what just tasted it who Beyonce
heat pie so to them they're like wait a
minute
Santa is the devil he's try to make
everybody forget about Jesus we got to
get rid of Santa and also Starbucks I
guess I don't know
