our boyfriends have like an egg dirty
inside joke they think we both look the
same now when I'm nervous
sure look there's not even a word for it
I'm near death okay so here's the
situation we did a video a while ago
where we bought each other outfits and
it did not go well I mean I'm looking
nurse he definitely looks like something
Oh CJ I don't know what you're thinking
she wears all those outfits I put them
in a box and I ship them away but here's
the thing I am aware I am in need of a
makeover if you go to my Instagram you
will just see that my theme is just me
in the same dirty coca-cola shirt every
day and I've never washed it it's my fam
you so here's a plan you are going to
give me a genuine makeover like we're
gonna go shopping you have a whole look
picked out in your head we have my
friend Devin who's a hair stylist and a
makeup artist she's gonna come over
we're gonna go over this pig on we're
gonna barbecue this pig that like this
is genuine this is real it's not a
gentle right I mean I hope so and I hope
that I open your eyes to something new
and you actually apply it to your life
okay me when I'm in therapy and I don't
want it also on his channel we are going
to do the same thing for him I have all
my inspiration for you picked out oh
it's gonna be good okay so let's start
okay show me the situation okay well I
wanted to do something drastically
different and then I realized literally
anything would be literally a shower a
bath would be so the look I've decided
on is edgy fall fashion I'm gonna fall
off a cliff and I'm gonna hit an edge
and die okay think Chad Michael Murray
from One Tree Hill pretty bad boy what
yeah so I'm gonna like make you a little
bit bad but you're gonna be pretty and
it's like approachable have you seen me
this is a drastic Bank okay all right
all right
okay so first I'm showing you your
inspiration which is Chad Michael Murray
from back in the day are you ready okay
okay oh my god
not like a nice leather jacket a good
accessory we're gonna do your hair
really pretty yeah well you can't just
take away letters from the word
accessory no and then I also think once
we make you over we should have a photo
shoot in a similar vein as this okay
photo shoot literally just means you and
you're falling in our house but okay I
have a couple other photo I am going to
kill you and you have a similar length
hair to him here so I think we might be
able to brush your hair back like he
looks like he is a Christian I'm fucking
youth minister who plays guitar so all
the Christian girls want to fuck up but
might be bad but probably is gay okay so
I also pulled some other inspirational
photos just from Instagram some random
fashion bloggers why is his shirt tied
around his waist fashion but he's
wearing a jacket if you're cold wear the
shirt and the jacket you can't have both
why are they all wearing necklaces I'm
not wearing you're wearing a necklace
it's in my to get list oh my god
so for your look I'm thinking a nice
boot some ripped up jeans I can't have
my skin Papa flannel or sweater I'm
going to sweat with a leather jacket and
a nice SS I'm gonna have a heat stroke
I'm gonna strangle myself okay the
reason this isn't going to work is
because I don't fit in that type of
clothing see my vibe is more like sad
clown this is a makeover this is your
glow ah
well we're we gonna go to get those
clothes to the mall I'm not going to a
mall no oh my god all right well here we
go let's go me up I'm gonna throw up
hey guys welcome back to another episode
of not worth shame fashion facts I have
not bought a shirt in two years
no way maybe three that's crazy yeah the
last time I bought a shirt was like two
bodies ago offered to you via clothes
like once a month I don't know if it's
because I'm self-conscious or if I
genuinely just don't care about fashion
you're the only person everyone likes to
look good and feel good just because I
don't look good doesn't mean I don't
feel good no I don't yeah you ride
you're right what about underwear can I
keep my old underwear no oh my god
that's even worse you had the same pair
of a Mary hold on she's had it back
now say it Shane's had his same pair of
American Eagle neon underwear for four
years and they're distinct you know now
the Year showdown nobody gets it no when
I'm gay or than you perfect the thrift
store and everything's a dollar know
about this is a lie oh my god it
literally has rag in the name okay thank
you really
how about something like this
please give me that I'm ready okay so I
really like this one okay that's leather
and fur and trigger I know what I'm
gonna get you
okay serial killer boots with cool
noodles inside them is my aesthetic I
will fucking kill you try the chains on
and then tie the flannel around your
waist okay here's the big reveal the
shirt around my waist was a really good
idea because it hides the fact that
these fit why did you give me this size
are you trying to trigger me what are
you doing Oh trying for things on for
myself do you not know what this video
is what do you like it yes it's cute you
look perfect in everything that is the
opposite of how I feel right now okay
it's now nighttime it took all day it's
a find me clothes it's hard being a
fashionista it's hard not fitting in any
clothes no way I've yours you have mine
and tomorrow morning my friend Devon's
gonna come over to our hair and makeup
we're gonna do the big reveal and you're
out of breakfast we're so exhausted
I'll see you guys in the morning alright
it is morning time and by morning I mean
it's literally 1 p.m. I've had 10
Starbucks I am NOT ready for today what
are you doing today because you haven't
showered that's not happening yeah no
it's part of the makeover and you
actually have to shower come on sandy no
no please baby wait
no just sanitize my balls
well no get naked baby that's not what's
that what what is that what if I
actually went and bought this toothpaste
just for you that was a waste of money
you should have just bought more diet
coke okay I'm just gonna it's worse than
I remember it
update I fucking hated that okay so
before the makeup artist gets here we're
gonna look at the clothes we laid them
out so what I picked up for him is so
cute and this looks like somebody who's
entering rehab in 1995 another cute boy
honey I'm a big good boy but really
quick do you want to tell us what you're
wearing right now
wow this is Shane's new Burch be quiet
it's not about yet I mean this is just
this really cool look I got on Amazon if
you type in shame I love when BAE puts
me on his shirt oh my god guys the Queen
has arrived okay so this is Devon you
guys ever seen her before she's been on
my videos you are going to turn me into
a not greasy gross Pig something magical
beautiful okay I'm really scared like
you've done my makeup before what would
you say is the biggest challenge that
you don't like having makeup on yes what
about my hair what's biggest challenge
about it yes what's the biggest
challenge with just like me in general
you hate my thing
yep so you brought like everything you
could to try to make me look human what
is this so we've got like the effects
section over here and then we have the
just in case box of eyeliners full of
things oh my god yep then we just have
your general like male grooming stuff
and then fancy hair thing oh my god okay
why are you standing on the table a
dictator okay keep on okay what we're
gonna do is go with like a simple makeup
look not and then I was thinking this
type of hairstyle for him oh yeah you
know just like what Shane has but pushed
back I was like what it has but better
do you think this is gonna be easy on a
scale of one to ten what is this process
gonna be oh no we can handle it it's
gonna be fine
I don't trust that at all what is that
we're gonna straight we're gonna try to
obtain this Mane oh my god
I haven't had my hair straightened since
like I was straight oh my god happening
I can smell the burning it literally
smells like burning
why are you still standing on the table
we got some defining paste right here
we're gonna try to tame the fluff tame
the fluff my next book titled my hair
looks like a Halloween wig oh my god a
woman touching me if anything a lot oh
my god something's happening this is a
moment you're really doing something
okay so you have to you know let her
know thoughts genie changes I know I'm
pretty into it it's changing drastically
so that's the boss wait oh my god who is
she look at her hair look at this even
when I cared about my appearance I don't
remember when that was it never looked
that good you can almost see the lice
crawling through it okay so now you're
finding my color right yep color master
yeah what do you have that shows that
I've never been outside and that I'm
always underneath a blanket you just use
a paint roller yeah can you fill a hose
with makeup do you think that the skin
disease no I was always flaking when you
wake up in the morning I start picking
your flakes found on relationshipgoals
if I've ever heard one assuming you want
like the whole contour I want you to
take to reach poly burritos awesome wait
what are you doing here spraying your
eyebrows I almost don't look dead
anymore what are you thinking anything
else what do you want to add it to this
look what about a beauty mark I'm all
atop a piercing where just like a nice
ear or nose stop trying to turn me full
gay what is this
how's my face like in general pretty
good pretty good face hahaha be honest
like on a scale of one to ten like how
is my face like compared to other face
your face is great what about surgery
what would you change
no what about you what would you change
about my face oh no I like your face I
compliment your lashes all
time you great nose your jaw lines
perfect thank you guys okay too much I
think what I want to do is get you in
your outfit and then we can do final
touches to match the fit you know all
right so I'm gonna go change and then
when you see me again I'm going to be
blown up okay right now why why because
he showered and put on rip store clothes
and always Chad Michael Murray okay
everybody okay okay who's that is
where's my boyfriend god I'm actually
kind of turned on right now
oh my god you guys want to go to church
let's go outside sit on a park bench
I'll play my guitar we'll sing about
Jesus wait I really like this how am I
stand I don't know how to stand like a
shower
yeah just confidently oh no like what
yeah no yeah it's okay I need a prop I'm
a manly man I love poetry you know what
I pay compliments look pretty big girl
I'm afraid to say anything else cuz I
don't want to be the next Harvey
Weinstein okay so you didn't exactly
turn out like Chad but you did turn out
but you did turn out exactly like this
other example can you show them
literally when you buy it online versus
when it orchids
no I think you look great sweetie I feel
like what we really should do is get
like a montage I like outfit of the day
right come on tosh
that was my glow I'm not gonna lie I
literally don't know who this is
can you imagine if I actually tried what
my life would be hey what's up you guys
yes I don't like this person no shame no
it's right back to my diet coke shirt
where I belong I enjoyed seeing me
become a better person for five minutes
make sure to go over to Riley's channel
subscribe and check out the video where
I gave him makeover and they caught
crazy you have no idea what's about to
happen also make sure to go over to
Devin's Instagram she disappeared there
she is I'll put her link down there and
I'm gonna go take all of this off and
get in my diet culture see you guys
later bye
update I'm back word would you dabble in
a mustache what are you attracted to
that I think I like this one I want to
put my dick right there
