love ox oh oh you look like a fat fish
hey what's up you guys yes it is another
time for some more conspiracy theories
today I thought I would do a couple
Christmas themed ones since we're so
close to the holidays and I also thought
I would do some Kardashian ones since
well they're fucking aliens I know it
well let's get started with some
Christmas conspiracies
so the first conspiracy theory that a
lot of people actually believe is that
Santa is actually Satan so here are some
clues as to why people think Santa might
be the devil
number one Santa likes to wear red the
devil's favorite color number two he has
supernatural powers and flies around the
world the night before Jesus's birthday
and number three obviously look at his
name I mean if you mix up a couple
letters
you got Satan now most people that
believe this theory are Christian and
their main thought is that Santa was put
here by the devil to distract us from
the real purpose of Christmas which is
Jesus being born so to them they're like
wait a minute
Santa is the devil he's trying to make
everybody forget about Jesus we got to
get rid of Santa and also Starbucks I
guess I don't know but it is interesting
to think maybe Santa Claus wasn't a real
person like they say he was and maybe he
was made up by I don't know the
Illuminati and maybe if Santa is the
fucking leader of the Illuminati and his
plan is a take over the world one person
at a time or is just a big fat cartoon
people stop believing it around 12
either way I believe it speaking of
Santa Claus not being who we think he is
our second theory is maybe Santa Claus
wasn't an actual person maybe Santa
Claus was created by coca-cola
now most historians believe that Santa
Claus was never seen wearing red or a
hat or like white collar or any of that
until around the 1930s when coca-cola
started using him in their ads before
those ads Santa Claus is wearing a lot
of different clothes nothing similar to
what he looks like now so some
conspiracy theorists think that
coca-cola created this image of this fat
jolly guy just red suit because red is
Coca Cola's color and a white collar
because coca-cola also uses white and
that Santa would always be having a Coca
Cola in his hand ready to deliver those
presents and honestly I believe this one
because the amount of fucking subliminal
message
is a company's put out in commercials
and on TV to make us get hooked on
something and want to buy something I
mean the fact that Valentine's Day is a
thing come on they just want you to buy
cards and chocolate and flowers you
don't care about the love of it all and
maybe Christmas is the same way which is
why on Christmas I'm going to be
drinking Pepsi stick it to the man now
our third conspiracy has nothing to do
with Christmas but I thought it was so
crazy I had to talk about it now this
theory kind of goes under that category
of theories that basically is saying
that television and movies and music are
trying to kind of fuck up the youth of
the world so a little over 10 years ago
there was an episode of Pokemon that was
playing in Japan and there was a part in
the show that caused hundreds of kids to
have epileptic seizures while they were
watching it basically the clip was like
a bunch of colors and a bunch of lights
or something and a lot of kids were very
sensitive to that and they had seizures
now one theory is that maybe there was
some kind of mind control inside of that
episode but it glitched and it fucked up
and it caused a bunch of kids to no
seizures now I'm going to show you the
clip it has been a little bit altered so
that it won't give you a seizure they
took out a couple things that were like
really crazy and dumb if you are
sensitive though to crazy light or crazy
sound please don't watch the residents
video all right roll the clip
I don't know about you but I felt a
little queasy watching that it was first
of all just a lot second of all this
isn't even really a conspiracy I mean
there are reports of a bunch of kids
having seizures so it makes you wonder
what about the kid shows that aren't
causing seizures that means whatever
they're putting in that show is
succeeding and we have no idea maybe
they're subliminally telling you to buy
McDonald's we're telling you to go buy a
certain candy who knows all I know is
there's a lot more to TV than we know
speaking of television our next theory
is that the Simpsons can actually
predict the future now a lot of screen
caps have been popping up online
basically showing episodes of The
Simpsons where they predicted something
that happened years later if you look at
this picture you can see that they
predicted 9/11 you can see the nine
right next to the twin towers they also
predict a Donald Trump running for
president as you can see right here they
even predicted Superbowl scores down to
the exact number so next time you're
watching The Simpsons keep an eye open
because maybe they'll be some clues for
the future but oddly enough the Simpsons
isn't the only kids show they predicted
9/11 also predicting it a Sesame Street
as you can see here or Cookie Monster's
tearing apart the World Trade Center
also in this old spider-man cartoon
World Trade Center parking garage how
did you know the gravel that I found in
man spider's webbing it still had the
scent of gunpowder from that bomb
explosion of years ago clever I'm
impressed
something about that gives me the chills
okay our last conspiracy theory is the
one that that scares me the most because
I honestly really believe it and it is
that the Kardashians are in the
Illuminati
so there's a lot of proof and evidence
of this I'm just going to go through a
few samples most of the samples are
about the younger sisters and the way
they pose in their pictures this first
picture is them standing in front of the
symbol of the Illuminati which is right
behind them second picture is them doing
the one I sign in front of a mirror and
the third picture is the creepiest this
is them standing holding hands with two
shadowy creepy men and if that doesn't
look like two people holding hands with
the Illuminati then I don't fucking know
what does now a lot of conspiracy
theorists believe that the Kardashians
are actually there to distract all of us
from what's actually going on in the
world I mean the day that Bruce Jenner
came out as transgender so many things
were happening in the
that none of us were even focused on
bills were passed laws were created
people were killed they didn't want us
to see any of that shit not saying that
Caitlin is it important for coming out
as trans I thought that was amazing I'm
just saying always more to the picture
there is also believed that the two
younger Kardashian sisters their purpose
is to keep pushing the sexualization of
minors onto the world I mean how old are
they like 17 and they're like to eating
older rappers like doing all these
sexual things and making girls plump up
their lips I mean they're obviously
sexualizing everybody and then of course
you got Kim and Kanye who are the
perfect Illuminati couple I don't know I
mean the reason I really believe this
one is because let's keep it real the
Kardashians have nothing really to offer
they don't do anything but they're
famous not doing anything they're famous
for distracting us they keep getting
more and more and more famous as more
and more fucked up stuff happens in the
world all I'm saying is turn off the
Kardashian show once in a while and I
don't know go to CNN because there's a
bucked up shit going down all right you
guys there you go those are conspiracies
for today leave me a comment below
telling me which ones you believe I'll
still get this video thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
more conspiracy videos I'll put a
playlist in the description that you
guys hope you have fun I had fun with
you and make sure to keep your eyes more
that is a very intense way to start a
video what if I had my snacks my little
drink my little feet up and then you
screaming me like that shit's going
everywhere there grows much of all a
boat there goes but Starbucks
