okay hey listen guys yes it is another
time for us to look through youtubers
first videos and hopefully cringe saga
through all you guys's comments on the
last one and I picked a few that you
guys really wanted to see and the first
one is JC caylen so JC was obviously
part of a twelve an outlet well is down
it's a nice part of Ikea and JC I don't
know there's a lot going on so I'm just
gonna go to his actual channel alright
here we go
five years ago this video is called
what's your style goodwill hey guys okay
first of all what is he ten what's he
ten how does he now
he looked thirty not a bad way I'm just
saying like 30 here he looks 10 like
little boy body like tiny little fucking
like a garden gnome just tiny tiny is he
gonna get naked
cuz he's too small for that I don't want
to see that and get arrested for that a
brush oh thank god he's wearing clothes
and shirts Oh what is happening I'm so
confused
is he a magician is that what he did in
hurt well I'm gonna be honest I know
what anyone did Oh
oh my god that change from cat scare the
shit out of me what is this what's
happening is this his house this is not
the hol house cuz the o2l house was
covered in trash yeah - meow
JC where you get your style from no no
they don't
they say Jay Z we get the booze at yo
man where you keep your money at can I
borrow $100 basically I just feel like
wine whatever I want to wear yes this is
almost like a weird fetish porn like
young boy changes clothes like he's 18
but he like looks well if I was like
into clothes I would be into this well
paying also in two young boys which are
not let's just keep walking I don't have
of course I can be myself right
does he have sea monkeys is that what
that is on the thing sea monkeys I
didn't know people bought that I thought
it was like a joke I bet he named them
oh hey the only one to be
honestly me honestly everyday just
waking up going god I wish I'd be Kelly
Clarkson just have so much talent eat
whatever I want nobody cares who Adele
oh I want to be a doubt like honestly
like got fatter she gets the more people
love her
that's like goals so everyone has your
own style it's not your style that's
you're trying to relate to the Nerds
like you would leave the house like that
by the way that outfit and those glasses
is giving me like youth pastor serial
killer
you know I mean like you go to church
and they like come to the youth pastor
group and it's like a bunch of kids and
the guy that runs it is like 23 24 never
had sex before doesn't drink
just needs to get all that anger out
let's go to a different video this one
is called me in 60 seconds oh wait
you see Lema lick he was like
interesting No who are you I'm not
mother fucka who are you little boy who
licks his lips actually subscribed
that was interesting Wow I think I got
enough of JC love him though who I
forgot to do my disclaimer um once again
I love all the people that I'm showing
in the video if I did not love them I
would not show them and give them promo
and this is all in good fun
okay let's keep draggin make DeAngelis
Oh her name is Mae baby
Mae baby Mae baby baby how does she oh
god she looks you know maybe not her
oldest video is called back handsprings
and wonderland that's a porn I would
definitely watch okay I said that way to
sir and she's literally eight okay
you're mine what what is happening what
what okay you know this will confuse ik
when was this 2008 oh this is a long
time ago how old is she that's when I
started huh like what what was she
trying to do like was her channel gonna
be like backflips cuz nobody's doing
that right now YouTube so that's a good
idea or was her YouTube channel gonna be
like crazy things I'm doing it
Disneyland
let's see what the next video it was
backflips at Niagara Falls oh so this
bitch is just flipping everywhere
I mean killing it interesting okay is
there any veneer where she's not doing
something that I can't do no it's
literally all backflips that was her
thing
oh she was a cheerleader huh how do I
never seen a cheerleader on YouTube
that's very interesting all right let's
see where her first video was that
wasn't cheerleading oh here we go
weekend morning routine if she backflips
in the shower I'm very jealous hey guys
okay so welcome to morning with Meg's
thumbs up for my alliteration if you
didn't some stuff we can't be friends
okay well then I guess we're friends cuz
I'm not signed in and I can't thumbs up
right now man not all of them to sign in
all the timing some of us are watching
on our cellular devices and you can't
them up on there this is just my hair
make up an outfit and as usual day you
know it could be for school or just
going out in general I'm not sure which
contacted I'm gonna skip the makeup cuz
I don't watch morning routines for that
I watch it for like what are they eating
where are they going
how big is their house you know all the
important stuff where is she
is that her house yeah she lives in
Dawson's Creek I don't know why people
like sweater weather I really don't
because we're gonna hide all our fat Meg
not all of us are expert back letters
some of us have expert back fat and you
know what covers that sweater weather oh
my god she has so much courage to get to
that furniture if I sat in that the
whole time I'd be having a panic attack
is it gonna break is gonna break he's
gonna break because she looks so calm
and relaxed I want to be her whoa
how is she doing that is this a tire of
the day why are we showing it to give us
so much this is my tire I get a lot of
inspiration from this tire to help my
tire channel I really like that video
make sure to thumbs up and comment below
and let me know where she going
they had her walking off and then it
just faded did she walk off the pier did
she walk into the lake is she like lady
in the water like she's done now so
she's gonna walk back home I believe it
it's like a mermaid essence about her
oh my god a mermaids they're always
doing those back flips it all makes
sense
Irene ooh one more and this one was the
most requested I've ever gotten and I
thought I did this person but I guess I
didn't so we're gonna watch Jack septic
I wow there's a lot of video games this
one is called surgery simulator
hilariously fun hello beautiful people
oh thank you my name is jacksepticeye
and I am playing surgeon simulator 2013
okay so I don't know how to react to
this he's just gonna play a game so
maybe I should find a video that it's
just him okay I'm gonna watch 7 million
subscribers damn fuck ok anyways I don't
want that because I feel like it'll show
me the real him I've never seen one of
this video so I'd like to see who he is
in how he acts good lord that is a very
intense way to start a video what if I
had my snacks my little drink my little
feet up and then you screaming me like
that shit's going everywhere there with
much of all a bow there goes my
Starbucks I don't give you another
chance
besides us guys thank you so much for 7
million subscribers ok first of all love
the hair love the beanie love the
sweater that's an interesting choice
like that hair does not much a sweater I
was expecting more of like a Hot Topic
look and then you're giving me like
American Eagle realness the yelling is a
lot is that gonna keep happening let's
let's keep watching I know they should
be prepared for these things by now that
I should actually expect them a lot of
people keep telling me like Jack you
should know that you wanna hit some is
okay you know what is this this is like
you know you have that friend and that
friends like real loud and the first
time you meet her you're like bitch is
loud but then that becomes part of her
thing you're like oh man this bitch is
loud and then when other people see her
they're like your friend is fucking loud
and you're like I know it's like that
like I feel like if I watch a few more
of his videos I'll be into it right now
it's a little scary I'm gonna keep
watching cuz I feel like we can be
friends don't know what to do if you
guys weren't here for me oh you guys
stop me from being bored you stopped me
from getting lonely Oh a great deal of
things you stopped bad thoughts getting
into my head oh really
cuz you two could give him a bad life
man he must not read the combos Oh every
time I read a comment that's like pretty
bad that's like three Eminem's I have to
eat to get over it too much and you
always remind me how lucky I am to have
such a channel like this time such a
community like this Oh
see he's calmed down he's not screaming
at me he's being cute he has that sad
music behind him see I like this okay
let's go to another video this one is
called look into my eyes
good ok she's being loud again but we
love her she's our loud friend that we
love there's so much color
I feel like watching his channel is like
an acid trip with his hair and the
background and the profile picture it's
like oh kind of love it but this
happened to my face okay weird he almost
looks even better looking like that you
don't need like if out of that not good
he kind of looks like Ryan Gosling like
that oh my god who does he look like he
looks like somebody oh my god who is it
who is it Oh
Orlando Bloom soon I mean on point that
is a Ford and a half oh my god now
people take when Ramsay how does he just
keep looking like good people if I did
this it would be like Rosie O'Donnell
Peter Griffin Caitlyn Jenner oh my god
I'm gonna take a bite out of your face
okay like that is less good-looking but
now it just looks like twins that were
good-looking they got stuck together so
I give you that cover one of them up
you're fine like it this is American
Horror Story freak show like Emma
Roberts with smash I mean okay so there
you go my official review of
jacksepticeye is I love my new loud
friend and I don't care that she's loud
I'll deal with it because she has a good
heart I love my new friend made a the
flips might get annoying once in a while
like what she's like girl look we would
like yeah I know you can do that my new
friend JC well I've known him for a
while
I love his tongue and I love how
talented his tongue is if you put all
these friends together we would have an
awful party ever be a lot of tongue a
lot of flips and a lot of screaming but
you know what there'd be a lot of love I
don't know yeah well you guys go
hopefully enjoyed that these are
comments down below tell me who I should
watch next I'll look at this video a
thumbs up and subscribe because I'm
doing is a physical day and also you MA
hahaha that looks delicious
okay I'm not gonna lie I'm not eat this
that looks like a pop-tart
