oh my god oh my god I'm gonna lower it
slower this time okay I really want to
suffocate you
heads up you guys yes doing it again I
don't know why but fuck it so I looked
in the comments and all you guys wanted
me to deep-fry a dildo well I can't do
that number one in my video would get
flagged number two I already went to the
sex shop like five times today I'm not
going again so instead I decided a deep
fried iPhone wait shit I don't know
which ones my real one
they're both gold and they're both
cracked oh my god ah okay
this is my real one that would be bad
okay so I got my deep fryer preheating
because I'm a fucking pro now and I know
what I'm doing I also got some eggs some
flour and my little basket that I'm
going to put the phone in and make Steve
Jobs roll in his grave okay so I'm
actually really nervous because I don't
know what's gonna happen when you fry my
phone I feel like that could start some
kind of explosion like iJustine will
explode but it's worth it
let's do it first we're gonna dip this
an egg do okay here we go
Oh woo oh this poor phone has been
through so much oh so many bad selfies
so many face times with mom so many
times of me asking sory if she loves me
and her saying no okay now it's time to
dip it in the flour do you know you just
want to coat the whole iPhone I watching
this very seriously like a cooking show
so you just want to coat the entire
iPhone you want to get that flower
inside of every crack you want flip it
over Oh
cover up that camera lens as if you're
naked taking a poop last thing you want
is an accident I'm naked selfie on the
purpo alright honestly this kind of
looks fancy looks like a cell phone case
of Trish would have you know I'm gonna
double batter this because I wanted
extra crispy this is gonna be an iPhone
6 plus C you know plus crispy alright
and back in the powder and it looks
gross oh my god
I literally just accidentally made the
face of my dog corny doesn't it look
like it wait look the eyes the little
ear the little nose look at that and
look at that same thing honestly my
actual phone is pretty dirty it's not
that far away from this
to be asked to use your phone and you
were so ashamed of how fucking dirty it
was the amount of boogers I have on my
trackpad is embarrassing okay so the
fryer is pretty much ready it is time to
grab the tongs of disaster okay oh that
is not oh my god okay okay so there is
the oil which is very very hot you can
still see a little part of the barbie
rest in peace it is now 334 degrees it
is getting hotter every second okay so
let's just get this again I'm actually
really really nervous right now I'm more
nervous about this and I've got the
Barbie I feel like this could turn into
some kind of like actual hazard and then
I'm the guy who burnt down his apartment
cuz he was deep-frying his iPhone 6 plus
I talk about white people problems okay
here we go oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god okay okay whatever
dude they were doing it oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my oh my god okay if I
would have told myself I'm just standing
in line for five hours to get this that
I'll be deep fried it Oh God okay 1 2 3
Oh oh my god is it working oh my god I'm
scared I'm scared I'm scared ok ok we
got this we got this oh my god oh my god
wait is it because it's cold is it gonna
explode this gold can explode oh my god
okay no okay we got this oh my god oh my
god I did it oh my god we did it oh my
god it's working
oh my god it's hacked oh she's not
looking good I'm actually having a panic
attack like my heart is racing I feel
like what is so clutch Koosh I don't
know how long to leave it in there for
by googling nobody does this okay she
still look good
she's still gold maybe I should cover it
that way something does blow up it has a
really shitty ass thin cover to protect
us okay it's smoking but that's normal
right cuz it's I mean food would smoke
I'm not gonna lie it don't smell that
bad whew honestly it smells like $500
cuz that's what it cost
alright let's try to flip it whoo oh my
god that looks delicious
okay I'm not gonna lie I'm not eat this
that looks like a pop-tart a pop smart a
smart phone card I don't know whatever
it is I'm fuckin even that's more part
yeah that's it okay I'm just gonna leave
it in there for a couple more minutes
and then take it out and we'll see what
happens alright let's do the final
reveal alright here's our D Oh
oh fuck oh okay that's toxic oh okay
here's our deep-fried iPhone oh she is
beautiful all right so let's just dump
her out here oh shit mom's calling oh
the smell is very confusing oh it's like
a mixture of chicken and a gas leak it's
not good all right there she is let's
get a fork okay it's hard to cut
so the actual phone didn't do anything I
thought it would melt or something but
nothing happened choose the outside I
mean if this would have been a t-mobile
phone unless you would have burnt I
don't know how to take a bite but I kind
of want to all right let's do it here we
go okay dinner's served
it smells like McDonald's again I'm not
gonna lie I think that's what McDonald's
is just deep fried garbage okay
that's not good surprisingly the bargain
was better like a little something you
know I mean this that tasted like
actually nothing so I'm gonna say the
deep fryer phone is a fail all right you
guys well there you go that was those
deep frying an iPhone what leave me a
comment down below letting me what I see
deep fried next preferably food so I can
actually eat it right you guys I'm gonna
go make sure to give this video a thumbs
up and subscribe because I make new
videos every single day and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
Sippi you know I don't like risky drink
the fucking drink everything you do is a
mama D like in the noise in the drink
