one two three cheese all and welcome to
Bond comm we talk about the things that
are blowing up on the Internet Sam
pepper YouTube prank master has done it
again
folks Sam pepper is indeed back with
another incredibly controversial prank
that is getting a ton of publicity so
basically the way the prank war in
theory is Sam pepper pretended to kidnap
two best friends one who was in on the
frame and one who was not in on the
prank and proceeded to tie him up on a
downtown LA rooftop and kill the one who
was in on the prank in front of the
other friend understandably the other
friend absolutely freaked out and lost
his mind so that's basically the reason
that this specific prank has been
extremely controversial why would you
pretend to kill a best friend in front
of the other friend all just for a
little fun and games of a little youtube
giggle I will say this of course I can't
guarantee for certain but as a youtuber
myself who has shot literally hundreds
of videos it's very unlikely that this
specific Frank wasn't staged based on
one of the very first shots in the video
the car rolls perfectly into frame which
isn't really something that you can plan
out to a tee especially when you're
trying to act natural and as the three
people are on the rooftop it's literally
an aesthetically pleasing shot and it's
well lit who wouldn't think I was the
fact that there are lights and a camera
set up much like there would be if they
were shooting a youtube collaboration so
it is indeed on some level like a little
a little fishy I guess the end the day
it doesn't really matter whether or not
the prank was staged it matters they
felt like this was an okay thing to joke
about and put on the Internet so since
it sure seems like Sam pepper keep like
get it through his head exactly what a
prank is I have put together a list of a
few different pranks that are in Sam
peppers vein that would probably get
just as much attention as sexually
harassing people or murdering best
friends the first rank that I don't know
is the child abuse pray basically you
borrow somebody's child is literally a
matter whose it is you take them out in
public and you start hitting them yes
you are actually going to be hitting
them we want the prank to be authentic
then you pack sure people's reactions
you see if the general public is
kind of cool with you abusing this child
or you see people step up and say
something it's a real social experiment
the next prank I would like to call
these suicide pranks basically we're
going to do is getting a piece of rope
wrap it around your neck and pretend to
hang yourself off of a tall building and
then the camera people capture the
passerby reactions to see if anybody
calls the police or if they're kind of
appalled by it or people are just like
yeah look you hang in there that's good
dope is the next prank is called the
vomit prank we're gonna do is give
yourself a stomachache go out somewhere
in public and just throw up on people
the camera people will then capture
their natural reactions and we will see
if the general public is just cool thing
thrown upon or if they stand up for
themselves and presumably their clothing
the next time just be cutting off limbs
price you're going to need two people
one of those people is gonna be holding
a chainsaw go out in public cut off the
other person's limbs and see how people
react this one called the gun shop right
basically just go out public pull out
your guns bang bang bang bang bang into
the air the trick is you don't actually
shoot anybody directly the bullets may
ricochet off something and like clip
someone but you don't shoot them
directly and you see if people are just
cool with like you playing around with
your guns
as long as you're not causing any harm
to anyone or if they stand up and are
like no dude don't shoot your guns in
the air that's that this one is the
bank-robbery prank basically we're gonna
do is walk into a bank and pretend like
you're robbing me you're gonna hold
people at gunpoint keep hostages etc etc
take money and then you have all the
money in me like this was a prank suckas
but then the real kicker is you still
take the money but it's a prank though
it's a social experiment prank video
prank it's a prank
and you final prank that I come up with
is the murder prank all you're gonna do
is take your guns and kill someone might
as well just kill them what oh I almost
forgot the most important part
afterwards you tell people it was a
prank you've gotten so good back home
who didn't hit you with our awesome
internet trap if you enjoyed this week's
episode give it a thumbs up and head
over to my channel to check out the
latest video on there there will be a
beautiful classy link in this
chen√© watching today what are your
thoughts on all this Sam pepper nonsense
honestly I'm over it
however he's really good at getting
attention then again so are crying
two-year-olds I'll see you next week
with a brand new episode Obama comm is
all good
