oh my god what was that what was that
happened I I was like a baby crawling
the drain don't ask
hey guys I'm here with me Ricky and
whatever's inside of him do not be weird
okay so today we're gonna be doing the
spicy food challenge where we're gonna
try a bunch of spicy foods and see how
spicy they are and hopefully you'll cry
then I'll hold you and I'll tell you
it's okay okay good you're ready crying
put there that no cave-like menu yeah
it's okay baby it'll get better I think
shit won't it gets worse okay okay first
we're gonna try hot chips crazy hot oh
ooh
interesting okay here we go whoa whoa
rank it does not smell good okay what it
tastes like a hot cheeto bird like it
doesn't actually taste like whoa oh it's
pretty spicy oh whoa whoa green water
sometimes you're like a muppet
oh that hot yeah yeah I have a low
tolerance that's less like when I'm
around you I'm a girl thing over the
metro so not hot mmm love that next this
is spike I did not know they made them
hate vegetable like v8 fruit flavors YUM
but like the vegetable one that's like
my eating cold soup yes you are this
weird race the cold soup challenge whoa
should I get a cup originally I was just
tricked in the bottle bitch oh wow
Wow oh it smells like Hometown Buffet
like it melted I don't know hometown
bucket oh my god September 11 that make
sense oh my god
actually it is that oh my god try go go
go LT oh it's a spicy blend of
vegetables that haze delicious oh and it
must be refrigerated ah
you like I feel like your reactions are
fake but they're not yummy like they're
genuine no that's real okay that was if
I was sitting in a restaurant I had that
that's what I do you puke yeah would you
know like it's like if you taste like a
restaurant and the waiter came by and he
goes how is it would you go oh well I'm
gonna try to be like classy about it so
you so you instead of going yeah let's
go no chipotle peppers in a jar
they're called la crosse Phineas oh my
god
that looks like actual Duke Oh God oh my
god that look what does that look like
what is your what is your first
impression of the labor are like a
kidney yeah gallbladder oh my god okay
oh shit whoa oh my god oh my god it will
go away
whoa milk hmm you want some I'm good I'm
Donna I think I'm okay now
yeah it's working it's good Wow so work
Wow
Neil it doesn't go away it's gone no but
I'm figuring out we have to open your
mouth that feels good that lease all it
comes back is back so just keep the milk
in your mouth
ready for the next one devil spit
pickles for adults only who actually
says that wait aah oh my god Oh
but what foot do you smell how do your
feet smell not like that here we go
little daddies that's actually kind of
good that's kind of pale enough either
I'm kind of it I put that in my burger
that actually is like catching spots
this is actually so good if he's like
sweet sour spicy though but like I said
my level I can contain that's why I love
Devils fit hey devil spit in my mouth
jalapeno stay up so this have you ever
had spam I hate fan okay
I didn't a video Andrew I hope that
happens
oh that's man it smells like dead cats
it's like blood in it do you see that
bro yeah you got this oh here we go
oh my god that tastes like actual
Kathlyn I used to eat cat food look at
this look at that opens back up I'm
gonna fling it in there oh wait sorry
gonna move
no I know but you get like okay we're
good oh that was awful I don't have
poverty I'm gonna what is that what did
you just do with fam booger oh my god
get off me get off this is hot spicy
cheese bit you don't like cheese it
no I love cheese it's another reason
cheese okay here we go
look it whoa hurry whoa whoa yeah hmm
you look great
I don't love that but you know what I do
love fiery Chipotle ha man I love it
let's go drew okay you're on dippy dippy
Ricky Ricky YUM hmm I think it's just
you I think not me you whoa that didn't
go it's like it's like okay honest and
it's like whoa buddy
I don't know what are you talking about
sriracha beef jerky and you don't think
you're human
I don't like a lot of meat I don't like
jerky so all of that I'm gonna hate this
great gay oh it's wet
wait I have a really gross book oh my
god why is this morning open up daddy it
curled one and I brought my job oh I
love that she's like it's like a shoe
it's good it's wet it's needy it's like
if I took you and I gut you and just
like hung you up let you dry out on the
porch and then she scraped little parts
of Ricky off and just as long as you
enjoy it I'm cool with that then we go
okay it's that far along this is hot
stuff
I don't know it's sinem oh my god I
should ignite it I cannot stand whiskey
oh oh well here we go I need to clean
palette I still have like cheese and
beef jerky Aurora you like it it's so
good try Sippi no I don't like whiskey
drink the fucking drink mama Dee like is
annoying on the drink Oh
how do people drink whiskey I don't know
they just do it boy hands go I ruined
his life he's drunk he's angry they
should've gone for his channel subscribe
and watch the video where we ate sour
stuff also give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I mean it is a bit
silly and what should we eat next time I
feel like I'm going to be a new series
want to feed you more next time we
should like make something and eat it
let's do it let's do it next time
comment below what we should cook and
try alright we'll see you tomorrow bye
watch out for whisky no no no no no oh
wait um what it's this trigger for the
way do you want to tell me or not
that works for this channel he's Mel
take it out if you don't want I was
thinking I think this guy loved this
yeah hey a good leg makes it all better
honey can you just play with those toys
for a little while mommy need some me
time
okay mom worst idea ever who thought of
this
