hey let's have you guys yes it has been
a while since I have played with kids
toys hmm what is my buyer yes it's been
a while I used to play with kids toys
all the time I make fun of them so I was
like you know what I'm ready to play
again so here we go
because I'm in the singing mood I'm the
star with my frozen microphone I feel
like I played with this before have
enough fun play with a lot of kids toys
alright how does this thing work
magical mp3 we won Hood sing along to
built-in music this arm Oh gimme MA
where's the auto-tune button hold on let
me try that again let me go and get
something out in my doll let it go let
it go bitch I told you to drop that shit
isn't the only song they got how much
whistle oh she flirt with me stay cool
hmm wait how do i plug in my mp3 player
oh here we go
oh I found it oh I'm excited oh my god
Trevor Mehran here we come
I'm gonna kill this I'm working
this is fun I like this I mean it sounds
a hey but it's fun okay two thumbs up
next punch um what squish them connect
them creative that's what I'll put on a
box about some of my balls oh shit what
the fuck bunchems are everywhere
okay so there oh shit oh oh my god this
is kind of cool hold on look okay so
it's like little squigglies
and then you tear them apart but then
you put them together just like the Box
said oh my God look I'm gonna go with
pigtails speaking of my balls I just
made them oh my god wait oh you put eyes
on it oh you can give it like wings and
shit oh this is good alright I'm gonna
make a youtuber who should I make I'm
gonna make literally my life or like
that's her fucking name I'll make my
life as Ava okay I don't the perfect
color for skin tones I'm with a nice
yellow real natural sunkissed look and
I'm gonna give her a nice purple shirt
cuz I feel like she's very bright and
colorful okay there's her so far give
her little boobies yes Queen yes damn
bra and Joanne while you're young
okay and I'm gonna give her some black
hair oh my god this is really good I
mean it's like she's here
give her some eyes honestly that's not
too far away from all her eyes look like
and then she does faces like her so I
need every one of those perfect I found
it there she is
oh when doing stop outside
oh wait I know how to make it even more
perfect
you killed a girl you're just talking
for a minute by the fact that I have all
these YouTube songs of a home oh my god
so embarrassing I'm just saying with
this a little bit
I have everything we got gonna scream
yeah
poof feelin it speaking of music I got
the most annoying toy ever this is
called the mama wants to kill herself
honey can you just play with those toys
for a little while mommy meet some me
time okay mom
worst idea ever who thought of this what
the hell are these what is this that's
terrible
this is not an instrument this is noise
you your jowls sing into this hello can
you hear me probably not because I'm
clapping some big old stupid things
between my hands of course he's not
gonna call you back a gel no seriously
can you hear me hello the other side oh
my god I'm annoying myself what is this
this sucks
fuck that I always got this in school be
like ooh but I want to try singing or
can I try guitar or oh can I just do an
interpretive dance
oh no no no fat ass take this oh okay I
hope my mom comes to the show tonight
she'll be so proud all right last but
not least we are gonna play with
something that I'm so scared of now I'm
gonna show you this I'm just warning you
it's scariest fuck I don't know what kid
would want this I don't want back hit it
is a head an emo girl a fucking head in
a box
don't look at her in the eyes what is
this Monster High what the fuck is
Monster High
what having a Bratz dolls who killed the
Bratz dolls I made them this don't want
to open it in it Oh what worked there
you go kids just throw things it always
works oh and now I got this cute little
hat my head is way too big okay so I
guess I can like what can I do it I can
style her oh I'm Way too excited about
this now girl I see you've done with a
guy
look and that's work for a while but
it's 2015 and you're trying to get
fucked cuz you want to prom tonight so
let's fix up the look and give you
something a little more youtuber some a
little less tumblr and a little more
vine yeah clean first of all that
changed everything
yes get rid of this fucking weird side
part or you don't need it you're not
going bald
woo she's already looking better oh my
god I'm not gonna lie her hair is soft
as fuck oh my god OOP it smells like
chicken but I like it
alright so she has some accessories
which you got oh look at the extension
to comes with honestly quality one for
you and one for daddy always want to be
one of those youtubers that can like dye
their hair weird colors and not get made
fun of yes this is it this is my moment
whoa it comes with makeup you lip gloss
ooh that smells like cake little bit
sorry bout it is mine
oh alright grandma apply this to your
lips but instead of using my little
gloss erm so we use my lips let's
pretend like we're a prom okay oh shit
we need a slow jam for this okay
this way till tomorrow please you know
deserve a happy prom if I didn't get
happy prom
yeah help you bro well guys that's it
hope you enjoyed the video make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new content
every day what I don't know what just
happened alright guys I'm ready to go
all of you want to watch more videos of
me playing with toys there's a link in
the description for the playlist and
that's it
I'm just gonna clean this up and burn it
bye we're back it's the gift that just
keeps on giving and breaking never ends
