hey guys yes we're back it's the gift
that just keeps on giving and breaking
never ends we did the x tag like a
couple months ago and you guys seem to
really enjoy it you guys are sick we did
to kind of it ended in tears but we
decided to do it the holiday edition um
so we are going to be asking each other
questions holiday related and then have
to guess each other's answers we're
gonna do one of mine what on earth are
you ready for this yes but my therapist
says we shouldn't do this anymore
wait really yeah cuz that's a mindset
mine also told me to stop looking in the
mirror really no oh but I should
question number one what is the best
holiday gift I've ever given you do you
um yes I do this is what holiday are we
talking about Christmas
well one valentine's day you gave me a
computer and that was the most amazing
thing anyone's ever given me
ah that's right no but that doesn't
count Christmas um you gave me a doggy
okay that's like not true that was a
very mutual decision that took us two
months to decide and it was a lot of
like shitting me I don't know should be
out on she's cute but what if she grows
up ugly I don't know
member we would google pictures of of
old fat chihuahuas how we felt one
picture that was this really ugly old
chihuahua and we were like but what if
that's what corny ends up looking like
we don't want that it was so mean good
thing we didn't have kids would that be
bad cuz they would grow up happy but
question number two question ever ensued
what was the worst holiday memory that
you have I have one cheese we bout
holiday memory with us yeah well one
time I went to go look at Christmas
lights we took corny and we were walking
it was so cute and fundin that
accidentally somehow she got away and
she Oh what got hit by a car and that
was too
well that's right I was bad I was going
to go with it was New Year's and we were
like one of our Christmas Eve
it's holiday fuckface we were in New
Year's and then we got to a fight
because you were hungry
I mean oh we didn't dress up yeah I was
mad you were mad I didn't dress up and
you dress up but you didn't tell me
where interesting you were like we're
gonna go to a Mexican restaurant get
chips and I was like obviously stretch
pants sounds like I want to have some
fun on these next question what's your
favorite holiday memory hey wait who's
gotten your address to guess what your
favorite holiday they were probably a
memory okay I got it
you like when we would set up the trees
yeah really I was with our first tree
effort we got a Christmas tree and we
got so excited we went to Target and we
got so many decorations and we got two
minor fights just about like color
schemes and like decor and like you know
hipster indie versus like classic
traditional but then we figured it out
pickles pickles and spongebob yeah but
that was a bad memory because we did it
too early we did it like November first
yeah and then by this time December came
around we're like knock that shit down I
can I took it down like two weeks before
because I think we did do yeah
what's my favorite Christmas movie oh
god do you know it I have a lot but this
one I think I've seen a lot you watch a
lot of Christmas movies mm-hmm you'll
really like Elif right mmm it's like an
old-school one with like a fat kid in it
maybe a puppy there an Air Bud Christmas
what is it it's a time now you would
know this if you didn't fall asleep
while we were watching both of them
which was a fight
it's a tie between jingle all the way
starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and
Sinbad which is genius yeah and also the
other one was all day home for Christmas
starring jtt and Jessica Biel oh my god
how he didn't bond over our love for jtt
I would never you fell asleep during
that you're injured you think scared
that's all over Bill head wait JT or JT
t JT t who's JT Justin I love it final
one what is my favorite holiday food
frosting you love frosty he'll even get
me sir
you love me kanpai you love Frost
and you like to make the gingerbread
houses and then eat them even though
they're fuckin gross you like the
frosting correct yeah only anything with
frosting on it
anything I've eaten literally anything I
remember one time we made in a different
house and then I threw in that dumpster
downstairs and then at 3 a.m. I went
down to that dumpster and tore off a
piece of the wall you did it oh there
was actual trash on it there was like
somebody's actual garbage on it and I
still did it the saddest thing I've ever
heard
where you guys go those are all days
spirit oh oh
go murder her this hoes channel
subscribe and watch our video over there
I try to guess her things though I don't
remember the rules
whatever something Merry Christmas or
happy holidays or whatever the fuck I
don't know I don't know offend anybody
marry it life this video thumbs up if
this video gets a million thumbs up can
you get a million thumbs up I don't know
can we
yeah if this video gets a million thumbs
up we release our sex tape that we have
we have it terrifying it's on my cloud
what let me pass is there something
wrong
