hey guys I am so excited right now
because I'm here with this is like a
first of all did not know we were doing
costumes you guys are killing it here
we're the twins from the shining come
play with us shame or ever and ever
I never perfect so I'll be the crazy
guys like be to the bathroom and it
heals anybody right yeah that's that
that's me when I have to go to battery
so today I'm so excited because first of
all as you guys know they've been on my
podcast
it was amazing they predicted so many
things in my life they talked about my
past life it was incredible my mom
called in she was crying so I was like
I'm gonna need a youtube channel so our
mission for the new year is to create a
channel for the psychic twins with my
help and we're going to have you know
youtuber collabs you're going to be
reading youtubers telling them their
futures hopefully none of them are dead
in the future no no not in the future
all of us are gonna do Irish sounds over
the nose so I thought I'd be find it
today
kind of like the launch of the channel
if you guys did a reading on me will do
part one online for two in their Channel
and I'm like nervous but I'm excited oh
I'm excited you seem like you're ready
I'm so ready to know when I'm gonna die
when I could just give up we don't want
you to give up I want you to keep giving
a feel alright I did not go to okay so
let's talk about really quick to them
how you do what you do yes well we use a
very sort of an ancient technique called
automatic or channeled writing and we've
been doing it for 25 years no other
psychic does it the way we do it
interesting so that's so that's here
when you're channeling you're just
writing are you not even thinking it's
just kind of coming out of your hand yes
it actually is we're connecting with
lots of energy or blocks of thought
Shane and it just comes out we hit it as
a thought so we're clear cogs like a
Minority Report so Clare cognizant which
means clear knowing
and it's as if our hands are guided
across the page writing it says if an
unseen force is writing oh through our
hands and that we have file cabinets
full of writing full of automatic
writing from many many years of doing
this for Cheyenne do it on your hair you
know it heights
yeah I can feel like that it's almost
like a motion you feel like you're not
really in total control of your hand we
are because we've done it for so many
years but sometimes when you're just
starting you can just do scribble it's
almost like the Ouija board you just had
just goes around and around and then
we've trained it to actually be very
very specific about certain world events
and people's lives future lives past
lives have you ever been like signing a
check at the bank or something and then
like a ghost takes over that's a good no
no it hasn't happened all right well
let's get started
ok hey can ask us anything no it should
be specific you know the more specific
the better because then the guides were
working with on other dimensions can be
more specific healthiness any category
career money love finance I see love for
you
I see love coming all right let's start
with that then yeah I see a love
relationship and you just like I'm ready
February or March yeah it feels like a
ring and I'm feeling like a longer-term
relationship in a two-year time frame
but also in a seven-year time frame it's
a sort of a person mmm very funny very
kind you're gonna laugh it's just like
can I be so honest to say it's a guy
yeah that is in business of some kind it
feels like not necessarily a youtuber or
something like right right alright so
you know and I'm getting business bad so
feel like younger like he's younger yeah
but I feel younger guys um now that
doesn't mean you won't ever have an
older relationship but yeah yes a little
bit younger
oh yeah we're all Oh 13 right right
oh my tinder that's my egg crate but no
kids I'm not really seeing kids for you
I don't know whether you're gonna have
children or you know how interested you
are in dogs more dogs animals dogs
yeah pinellia always yes absolutely it
is that somebody already know of course
this next one no it doesn't feel like
you know yet Shane I think you have yet
to be introduced but the guys are really
nice that yeah he's a real fun it's hard
for you to trust it and I feel like
you're afraid of losing your freedom in
relationships so yeah but you know you
have so many friends and people around
you loving family I think that you'll
never really be alone I think so too
you're gonna have to deal with some
jealousy with people like the other
gentleman aware of your success
absolutely but I think you'll learn how
to navigate that just don't give away
the store before you really trust that
person and you know there's many doors
oh okay that's amazing so now let's talk
about writing I see jobs on the horizon
for you I see
did you see so much families films and
20 babies
I'll see you producing a project and
then it looks like about three years
there's a project where it could go to
TV amazing your life being wild right
it's just like the zenith year being 20
17 and 18 so that means a high point
where you're really gonna be you've
spent a lot of plates and lots of crazy
stuff that's so crazy because yeah when
I went to the Third Street Promenade in
Santa Monica you know there's almost
crazy people oh yeah yeah they're like
read your future with the tea cup or
whatever yeah yeah I did it just kind of
as a joke first of all she was just like
whoa okay I'm getting a lot of stuff and
I felt like she was
why even though she was crazy she told
me everything I did but then I was like
she just want my videos then she said
2017 27th I'll sign me big career-wise
oh my god yeah did you know some of
those cover people of young could most
gypsies are just travelers in their face
so be careful with gypsies but even
crazy people can be very psychic be
careful how much you miss let's talk
about maybe on your channel we'll talk
about like YouTube yeah like youtubers
and stuff so maybe yeah let's talk here
more about when let my past is there
something wrong with ice oo you as an
American Indian like a medicine man
shaman and they're saying healer koi
yeah now I don't know if they record
we're in Arizona or New Mexico but
they're giving me Arizona and New Mexico
area I could they wrote more in the
Northeast but but that doesn't mean he
didn't have its associations there and
more than one life as an American
Indiana do you resonate with American
Indian culture at all or so what would
that mean so like if I like fairness a
sense of justice yes yes I have a
champion for justice and yeah your
truth-teller the anchor how that's rude
it helps you get justice to some hateful
join the club baby interesting was I
ever like a woman yeah many times many
many many more times than you were a
ma'am
yes you were yes you missed out every
many women so you have a very balanced
males yeah Georgie in this relay yeah I
the way we were all friends in Egypt
yeah we're always BC yes and I told you
when I met you that it felt very like
familial yeah it felt like we were
related brother sister yeah but I still
feel like that every time I see you and
on so many centuries in he has he lies
why she's had about 130 lives as a
female and so feels from you know you're
very comfortable around men drew more
almost than men and very very true yes
yes but women women I have a lot of
friends who are women we met is that
right yeah like a lot of friends who
like if you sweat you're like oh it's a
girl any like oh no that's a guy uh-huh
I have them more comfortable exactly yes
because you've been and a female body
many many times you've had children you
know you're like later for that I need
to do that missing Croatian baby we
talked about the life as a ballerina in
France oh I know you're a dancer in this
life okay
I have some friend I think I have a good
circle of friends right now but like I
always have in the past of issues with
trust where I trust people too much and
then I get earn oh but I think that a
good handful of friends but do you see
anything in my life friendship-wise
coming or leaving or yes
here's a couple people that are in your
circle that won't be next year I feel
like there's a couple people going away
and I feel like people are coming in
yeah yeah one guy one guy is taking
advantage of your kindness
Oh be on the alert there's somebody
who's sort of I don't I say using you
but you know I don't totally trust this
person I'm like privatize about it big
boys I'm sorry marry you turn pro daily
oh it's you jus no no no no
me neither oh no it's um it feels like
dark hair very you know charming a nice
person has helped you too but there's
something that I don't quite trust about
about him
females yeah around you I feel there's
good energy in general you're very good
at picking friends yeah you have a good
interesting for that friends enemies and
associates assistants great instincts
for that extremely psychic chain oh
you've been psychic yes so many lives
clairaudience like you here right yes
absolute especially when I'm trying to
fall asleep and I can't fall asleep
because I'm just here oh my gosh you're
at medium and I was like maybe it's good
to read it I think so no but your arms
gets afrien expand yeah I do hear voices
and for real but they are just you are
not it's a friend and it's like
clairaudience sometimes it does get
confused with that so it's not that you
know you are just a psychic medium you
could develop it to the point where you
could do that let's do one final
question on my channel and let's say
yeah so health-wise okay I've been
having a lot of I want to tell me okay
we already got it I I feel like house
watch your your liver so I'm feeling
like some problem at the later but
Daxing will really help me detoxing your
labor to do that with diet which you I
know that you're very good with yeah and
also like apples and apple cider vinegar
various for detoxing it but fast might
be good I'm also cautioning you about
watching your sugar intake because of a
tendency towards diabetes and I know
you're being aware of that yeah did you
know the job diabetes in your phone my
god when I decided to lose all the
weight I was 18 it was because I was
just about to be diabetic Murphy I've
always everybody sat right
and that's a tough one but I think in
general are getting stronger and
stronger I think that the accident with
the skating happened to slow you down
you were just going way too fast and I
was a skate sounds like no not me doing
this in your life it's not your fault
it was just spirits way of saying no
slow down you need to rest up for the
next level of your mission whew well on
that note yeah here we're gonna get you
guys we're going to go over the Jo
channel I'll put the link down there and
on their channel we're going to talk
about predicting some future things they
predicted the Paris attacks and also
Japanese your clip right yeah we're
going to talk more about that and more
predictions that they have we're going
to talk about youtuber predictions and
I'm also going to ask a couple really a
lot more personal questions about myself
so go over there I'll put the link down
there make sure to subscribe because
their official channel is launching
whatever I think of January 1st January
1st my videos are gonna happen yeah this
is kind of like a soft launch please go
over there subscribe check them out give
them some love because I love that it's
gonna be really fun I'm really sorry
oh and also really quick book promo you
guys have a book right we have this new
book by true died young and it stars
reveal secrets from beyond the grave we
channeled the spirits of eleven to see
celebrities who passed way before their
time talking their prime Michael Jackson
we channeled oh and we channel John
Lennon Robin Williams lady die Natalie
Wood Oh wherever there was some
confusion about what really happened we
got the answers and we tell it all in
this book died too young it's a
best-seller on Amazon it is a kindle
book right all right it's our first book
that I remember are separated at earth
the story of the psychic twins which
other people have stolen nice inspired
inspired other Doubleday novels I've
done it that way and that was really a
hard book to write this is psychic
intelligence it's sort of the Bible the
psychic Bible so if you ever want to
learn how to develop your own gifts it's
wonderful as a beginners sort of manual
gives you exercises and tips
games and I can overcome your fear if
you might be afraid yeah of your psychic
abilities there's nothing to be afraid
of you guys we've been taught a lot of
myths about what's the in psychic is and
it's not the scary awful thing that
you've been taught by your Catholic
churches and your other pictures that's
another thing we're going to talk about
over on their channel is I want to know
a little bit more of how I can channel
my psychic abilities because I think
that would be really fun okay and you
guys hope you have fun with us we have
fun with you make sure to get this video
a thumbs up and subscribe because I'm
making videos every single day and go go
go over new channel right now subscribe
and you'll see us again and hopefully it
gets weird I need a selfie behind I
think of a selfie oh god we don't we
don't we don't need to leave to leave oh
face - perfect
