have to be guys okay I'm gonna start
this video off by telling you guys that
I am a mess I mean this you got that
noise in the background it's not beige
inside of that all day would be the
perfect time or in a vacuum she's been
at it for 12 hours how does it take you
12 hours to clean up your tiny-ass
apartment I'm living in 500 feet bitch
anyways hi so a few weeks ago I did a
video where I tested out girl products
and I found out that I was pregnant I
thought it was kind of cute bunnies are
left in the video and then the top-rated
comment of the day was hey shame if a
guy says positive for a pregnancy test
that's actually a sign of testicular
cancer you should probably get checked
so of course I had a full-on fucking
mental breakdown I was on my way to
Walgreens in an uber crying okay first
of all I'm gonna get two more pregnancy
test not the 911 Center at Walgreens cuz
that's classy I'll get two different
kinds so I could get like two different
opinions and if those Bulls say positive
I know you're the doctor but if they
don't that if I and in the uber I was
grabbed my balls and I was feeling
around I was like oh my god I feel along
but then I googled it technically it
wasn't in love it was just part of your
ball that produces semen so I was like
okay that's fine so don't get to
Walgreens I do the tests and I was like
Jesus please let this has to be negative
I'm too scared for this right now
but if I get cancer I'll deal with it
I'm a survivor a lot of my viewers
affect cancer they survive it's not a
death sentence I'll be fine luckily
tests were negative so I'm gonna say I
don't have cancer but I shall also go to
the doctor because pregnancy test is not
an accurate way of finding out so
hopefully today's video I don't have any
fucking life-changing events but let's
see god it's getting fucking louder
right okay first product is electric
colon remover why why do you want this
who would use this how do you use this
oh my god oh that's so fast what does it
fit oh my god feels like actual wood why
would you want to scrape yourself with
this oh why do you want to hurt yourself
why do girls feel the need to put this
in so much pain just for beauty when
instead you could just do nothing it
look like this okay let's try this shit
I'm gonna kind of cover up my toes so
you guys don't see my long as nails cuz
they're gross don't judge me look at
that that's a scratch or if I've ever
seen one if any of you guys come over to
my house and like an itch in a
hard-to-reach place
I got you girl here we go that's a corn
for sure just in time for Thanksgiving
oh my god oh there was skin flying
everywhere did you see that shine again
oh oh my god you see that you see it oh
oh I think you want to throw up it's
like a construction zone oh my god it's
actually working and my foot is looking
good
can I do this to my whole body my hands
are fucked maybe it'll work on my hands
oh thanks I think I went too far oh my
god okay I was trying to make fun of
this thing but dr. Scholl's next time I
think I'm pregnant
I'll go to you so I can pee on your face
frozen hares starve Jem Fox I don't know
what this is I don't understand it I saw
the box and it's like a little girl and
she was like putting this in her hair
and then it would be little jewels so
that's what we're gonna do so you take
one of the little jewels and you put it
on this little thing I think and then
you stab it with Elsa Kelsie I don't
know the blonde one all right okay so
now it's inside here let's try to give
me a little stone let it go let it go oh
it worked
look at it oh my god so natural like
maybe she's born with it maybe it's
Walgreens Wow I love that taking it out
though wow I am so shocked so far
everything has worked also there's foot
skin on my phone okay he's in her
warming Lube okay so last time I just
tried plain old Lube this time I got
using hers because I'm curious what the
difference is so I thought I put his in
this hand and hers in this hand bisexual
goals so here's his they finally turn
that shit off thank you Jesus
just in time for my mood okay his and
then hers on this hand and let's party
woo woo she's heating up ow
oh he's burning he's burning up my corns
I shouldn't have D corn to my hand
before I did this oh my god
my hands
yeah lube it up lit up whoa this one's
hotter though the girl wants hotter
which I feel like is wrong cuz should
the girl one not be as hot cuz is it
pussy more flammable I'm just going
about what nigga Manasa okay wait
now let's rub them together maybe that's
how the magic happens oh my god it's so
hot huh oh my god this is perfect for
winter I don't even need gloves I don't
even need a coat I'm just gonna like
cover myself up with his inherent Lube
it get somebody else to cover them up
with his in her Luffy just likes flop
all over them this is nice they should
have this the top of Everest there'd be
a lot less dead cold bodies oh my god
you'd be all lubed up and you just slip
all the way down the mountain saving
lives next an eyelash curler oh this is
something I have never used and I've
always like pretended to use it or like
try to use it but I always chicken out I
mean what the fuck
you don't mean if a girl it sound a lot
like this alright let's try it
get my little oh my god I'm so scared oh
my god oh oh there's something so Hunger
Games about this oh my god oh my god
it's right I think it's working I'm
closing it I'm closing oh my god what if
it gets my leg what if it gets my eye
like what I don't have an eyelid what
happens if you don't have my would leave
it down the comments I don't know oh ow
ow ow
did it work huh look at how pretty they
are
mm yeah the other ones are fucking basic
is fuck flop ville fucking disgusting
ass piece of shit eyes ah
beauty swap Beauty basic beauty okay I
love this this might become part of my
new morning routine so I'll add this too
trying to push how to poop while I watch
Wendy Williams leopard nail stickers now
I know the new trend is for guys to put
nail polish on that's not gonna happen
for me nothing against it personally I
just don't think I can pull that off but
we're gonna try it today and who knows
maybe my whole world will change alright
so this one's Leopard so I'll put this
on my thumb okay first of all these are
like actual stickers like they're not
nails I thought they were nails
that's so depressed it's gonna walk
around with that now get oh that looks
like on your phone like oh girl love
this new app I got mmm-hmm yes ah this
one
oh fuck girl sorry I got my nail on your
phone goober I'm sorry who I can get can
you get that up no I mean that's so
tacky
good maybe you could use it as eyeshadow
I saw our sale Beauty do this once and
she's always right
yes natural oh my god it looks kind of
good hold on
Oh beauty acts is it everything oh fuck
she's back what you have to do that
right when I almost love myself I
actually can't open my eyes
hello can you see me oh oh okay
we're done with that why isn't it coming
on oh my god oh my god sir coming off oh
wow that was stronger than I thought was
going to be contour I've always wanted
to try this I see it in shows and like
beauty guru stuff all the time
nothing like and just like a
natural-born artist I'll be able to do
it and it's really easy so all you do is
you go and then you just go and that
makes you look skinnier and then you go
ham yes bitch another lie I was fucking
good oh my god who me okay I'm feeling
it feeling my sin goodness good much
sooo sorry I forgot you guys are here I
love it
living I need a selfie behind the thing
double selfie oh god we don't we don't
we don't but we believe Oh facetune
perfect alright last but not least body
wax okay I've done this before so I'm
not gonna lie and be like I don't know
how to do this oh I know how to do this
but I've always done it as a joke so I
was like what if I try it for really oh
and what if I just do like my finger or
sometimes here we go
ooh ah well thicker than I remember ah
all right here we go
I can't wait to look pretty I can just
stop myself from him I forgot I did this
Wow
okay here we go a little finger I'm
gonna do my pinky cuz she's the
strongest you know haters always try to
get her down they tell her she's
pointless but she knows you to shoot all
right you ready a little pink was I
supposed to heat that up wait what do
not put in toaster
what Americans a stupid that they're
like sandwich alright one two three oh
fuck oh oh I did it wrong no some skin
came up oh can you see that
Oh
oh that was dumb oh he'll make the rest
off okay she's just gonna take a little
break okay girl go lay down
Oh before you guys go I think I'm not a
product I'm gonna say my official review
I love this hashtag not spawns hashtag
foot skin and my least favorite I guess
the wax everything kind of worked this
was a success this is the face of
success and you guys hope you have fun
try and shit with me I thought trying to
shoot with you make sure to get this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
I mean Demeter's everything today and
I'll see you guys tomorrow I got it I'm
coming well we're trying out right now
no I'm filming it now
