hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
I'm currently in Vietnam right now
so then Vietnamese to love Oh as always
there is a new trend spreading around
the intellects at this very moment
called the condom challenge
it isn't very different than the one
where you stick the condom up your nose
and pull it out of your mouth yes
the internet in the span of the last
five or so years has created another
challenge involving contraceptives you
know if this is the Internet's way of
supporting safe sex it's not it's like
weird but not the worst kind of like how
your aunt Kathy at Thanksgiving dinner
will show you affection by like hugging
you into her bonus it's like that and
the thing about this condom challenge is
this is the first internet trend in a
very long time that I actually find to
be funny why do I find it to be funny
let's attempt to break it down because I
myself have not figured that out yet so
basically what happens is the person
attempting the challenge feels like
condom up with water and drops it over
their head to see whether or not the
condom pops why do they attempt this
challenge I don't know I don't think
there's really a reason however when
people have a wet condom full of wet
water full of wet water over their head
and it's not popping and they're like
smiling through it I don't know why I
think it's really funny looking so today
I myself am going to be attempting this
somehow hilarious condom challenge and
the first step to that is getting some
condoms
I am own a family vacation at the moment
nobody has them handy you know is
technically classified as a communist
country and the law here is you can only
have two children so if any country
should have condoms very readily
available it would be this one my mom is
safe
the challenge how do you feel about it
in case you believe I was in Vietnam I
am can't deal she can't deal oh I am in
a bathtub wearing my other shirts so the
condom that I filled up in the sink
already popped open and broke so we are
doing take two of this oh it is okay
we're gonna tie and begin you're gonna
try and carry it like the baby you don't
want to see if I can make
congratulations your risk for pregnancy
just got a lot more intense whoa Vietnam
has it rough not only are you stuck only
having two children and hard to prevent
third if you enjoyed this episode
do not forget to give it a thumbs up I
got very moisten it for this episode so
give a thumbs up and thumbs up for safe
sex
Oh bro my chill I just sounds a big
product that I have an orgy on with
Andrea Rasta and a dub so if you want to
check out that announcement video it
will be one of the links in the
description there are also links below
to my Twitter Instagram and snapchat hmm
you with that follow grow portion today
what do you think of the condom
challenge and do you think it's funny
personally I think it's like no harm no
foul a lot of Internet
test in bold bad side effects like the
other condom challenges even like break
your sinus or something I don't know
what you think so let me know I will see
you next week with a brand new episode
of our calm it's all good huh
