guys sit upon cousin Nicki Gabi oh my
god you're not gonna believe what we
talked about it got really dirty really
fast you know DIYs hey what's up you
guys yes welcome back to another
conspiracy theory video now today we're
going to be talking about some of the
biggest conspiracy theories that blew up
in 2017 some of them are funny and some
of them are weird and some of them are
intense so before I go any farther
please if you are triggered by sexual
assault or child molestation or
shootings and please click off this
video but for the rest of you here we go
all right so let's start with the fun
one the iPhone X is taking over the
world now I'm just kidding but it is
watching your every move
so first let's just talk about the
obvious conspiracy that we have all
thought about and that is whenever a new
iPhone comes out it seems like all of
our current phones start to slow down
literally the second they announced this
new iPhone my phone started fucking up
I'm not just fucking up like freezing
and shutting down and doing spiral shit
I've never seen before
oh wait except for the last time there's
a new phone that came out and I had to
get a new one
now of course Apple denies that this is
true but the proof that there's other
people out there that feel the same way
as me is evident back in 2014 there was
a New York Times article that showed
that the Google searches for iPhone slow
spike every year around the new product
dates yeah literally look at the graph
every time there's a new iPhone more and
more people are searching why is my
iPhone so slow you can't tell me that's
a coincidence now of course you've all
heard of the iPhone X which is the
latest and it's an awesome phone and
there's a lot of new cool features but
one of the features that a lot of people
are afraid of is the face idea now of
course the idea the face idea is to make
it easier for you to unlock your phone
or purchase things on iTunes it's
supposed to make life more simple but is
it really bad safe now the galaxy phone
tried to do this earlier this year until
people realize that you could literally
just put a picture of yourself up to the
phone and it would work the guy
registered his face to the phone to lock
it and then took a picture of himself
and unlocked the phone now of course
Apple says that theirs is better and I
won't do that but what if theirs is what
if it's a lot better now I'm sure you
guys have heard of an emojis which is a
new feature and that's where you use
your face ID to control emojis like if
you frown in friends if you smile and
laugh it smells and laughs it can track
over 50 muscle movements in your face
which sounds pretty intense for
something that's literally just supposed
to unlock your phone one weird thing
that happened was a while ago the show
black mirror literally predicted this
I'm sorry these are the facts well duh
what do you think mr. Monroe are you
addicted no sorry I mean all you would
dickhead yeah literally exactly what
black mirror said was gonna happen
happened I mean they even tweeted about
it they put their little blue emoji in
the middle of all the other animal jeez
oh and by the way every episode of black
mirror usually ends with a lot of people
dying and technology taking over which
feels like that's where we're heading I
mean think about it this way this is
technically artificial intelligence
right and artificial intelligence is
going to be able to collect more data
about people than ever before
our phones are literally gonna know what
mood we're in what we're wearing what
we're eating so not only will the
government know every single thing about
us but they'll be able to sell that
information to advertisers think about
it this way you use your face ID and
you're wearing new lipstick well now
Apple can send that information to all
the makeup companies hey look
Lisa is wearing this color maybe she
wants this one advertised to her and I
know you're thinking shame they can't
just scan your face whenever they want
not true it actually happens all the
time
there's an aquarium in Dubai that has a
hidden face scanner it's literally a
system for you to go inside and look
around at the fish while it's scanning
all different areas of your face yeah
and people just think it's an aquarium
now let's take it even further say
you're dating somebody and you fall
asleep well what if they're really nosy
if they wanted to get into your phone
they would either have to know the
password or they'd have to use your
finger but if you're sleeping that's
gonna be complicated and it's gonna wake
you up well now with face ID they
literally can just take your phone put
it over
your face while you're sleeping and then
unlocked would take it even farther all
of your information is in your phone
your banking information your social
medias your emails everything is in here
your whole life is in here now what if
somebody killed you and then what if
they wanted to take everything you had
all they would have to do is take your
phone put it over your dead face and
it's unlocked I mean I know this all
sounds crazy but it's where we're
heading facial recognition is getting
crazy good already without a face ID I
mean haven't you looked inside of your
photo albums your phone literally makes
albums for the people that you have
pictures of like what all I'm saying is
iPhone X sounds more like iPhone
exterminate the humans okay so that was
fun this next one is we're gonna be
talking about some of the conspiracy
theories about Las Vegas now before I
get into this number one I just want to
say I mean no disrespect to the victims
or the survivors and this is in no way
gonna be me saying that it never
happened I believe 100% that this
happened that people died and that it
was literally one of the worst thing
that's ever happened in our country and
I debated even talking about it because
I was so affected by it and I mean you
guys saw my crying video it was a lot
but I also don't want to ignore this
because I hate when this happens big
tragedy happens and then everybody's
like oh god why did that happen and then
they move on no I have a lot of
questions and I hope you guys do too so
there we go all right so first let's
remind ourselves what happened on
October 1st 2017 a man opened fire on a
concert in Las Vegas he was staying in
the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay and he
shot out his window
fifty-eight people died and over 500
were injured the man's name was Steven
paddock and his motive is still unknown
now when this was happening a lot of
people had questions because it seemed
like there was more to the story so much
so that when you search the Las Vegas
shooting on YouTube all the videos were
about conspiracies literally every top
video with somebody questioning what
exactly happened that night now people
got really pissed at YouTube for this
they were like why are you exploiting
the situation why are you promoting
these conspiracies even
one survivor came out said this it's not
a conspiracy it's not a joke
it did happen I was there we literally
thought we were going to die and I
agreed the people that are saying that
like nobody got shot it's not real I am
NOT a fan of that this was very real
somebody shot a bunch of people in Las
Vegas but was it who they're saying it
was so a lot of people believed it was
more than just one shooter even some
people who were there there's no
physically human body physically the
only possible way that that guy that was
the only sugar if you were where we were
and how we were hidden in the way they
came in and herded us all out out into
the staff parking lot and then continued
shooting into the staff parking lot yeah
and then there's clips out there where
it sounds like there's more than one gun
going off on the fourth floor look like
a gun now that one's been debunked that
was just like a broken light but there
are a lot of other things that were
weird I'm sure you all heard about the
girl that was in the crowd when somebody
came up before the shooting and said
yeah so there is a lady who pushed her
way forward into the concert venue into
the first row and she started messing
with another lady and told us that we
are all gonna die tonight
is that a coincidence or did the woman
that said it know what was gonna happen
now before we knew who Stephen paddock
was everybody thought 100% this is Isis
mainly because Isis did reference Las
Vegas and one of their last videos well
some of the famous landmarks that were
used to
around the city including some on the
strip right here behind me are clearly
seen in that new video now take a look
in the propaganda video several strip
properties are clearly shown making
Vegas a potential terror target then the
police came out real quick and said it
was nice as this event unfolds we have
determined to this point no connection
with an international terrorist group
then of course it came out that the
shooter was dead and it was confirmed to
be Steven well since then we still don't
know what his motive was now of course
like the news and the government always
does they're saying that oh he was crazy
now listen I know a lot of crazy people
I've dealt with mental illness in my
family all around me my whole life and
crazy people don't just plan an entire
thing and fucking get 30-something guns
and then shoot a bunch of people which
is why the whole thing is so confusing
and sketchy I mean let's talk about the
fact that there was no cameras in the
hallway yeah in Las Vegas where there's
cameras everywhere Mandalay Bay is
saying that there was no cameras that
could catch Steven walking in and out of
the hallway that does not make sense and
then there was this interview with one
of Steven paddocks former employees and
she seemed just as confused as everybody
else he cared about everybody spying it
says he cared about everybody's um cars
he cared about he actually cared about
people including her those pictures show
them pelling around together with iconic
Las Vegas hotels in the background now I
know you're thinking Shane but the
government in the news they all said it
was Steven so why would they lie about
that and that's where some theories now
listen I do not want to get arrested I
don't want to die please government
don't come for me I'm just saying that
some of these theories are out there
okay now this one is the most viral of
the theories is that it was Isis and
that because the government didn't want
to give them that win they didn't want
to give them credit for this they didn't
want to scare us
they blamed it all on a man named Steven
Matic now that wouldn't makes sense to
me because I get it
listen if the government is just trying
to
picked us and they're like fuck we don't
want everybody to know that Isis just
killed a bunch of people because they're
gonna be scared to go anywhere let's
just say it was one crazy guy who is
dead now and don't worry everything's
fine listen all I'm saying is I think we
need to question things more I mean back
when 9/11 happened and people were
questioning things everybody was
shutting it down if you said oh I think
there might have been something weird
with 9/11 everybody thought you were
crazy and everybody thought you were an
asshole well cut to 16 years later more
than half of Americans believe in 9/11
conspiracy theories half I just don't
want to wait another 16 years to figure
out exactly why of all those people lost
their lives that night because I don't
want to accept that it was just some guy
who was crazy who just wanted to kill
people I think there's something once
again all respect to the families and
the victims and imagine want more
answers okay now this next one is once
again triggering we're gonna be talking
about some theories that even really
theories involving the Harvey Weinstein
case once again this is just alleged I'm
not trying to get sued as you guys know
very recently it has come out that
Harvey Weinstein who is a huge movie
producer has reportedly assaulted
harassed and possibly raped a lot of
women in Hollywood and I'm sure most of
you guys heard that very intense audio
recording of him trying to get a woman
into his hotel sorry I don't know yes it
was a kind of a progressive party I need
to know a person do a thing I think
please I swear I won't just sit with me
don't embarrass me in the hotel
all the time I am a firm believer in the
saying that there's truth in every joke
well let's take a look at some of the
jokes people have been making over the
years about Harvey Weinstein in 2013
this is what Seth MacFarlane's
congratulations you five ladies no
longer have to pretend to be attracted
to Harvey Weinstein yeah he said that in
front of a whole room of Hollywood
people and they all laughed which means
they knew now look at this clip from the
show 30 rock
I turned down intercourse with Harvey
Weinstein on no less than three
occasions yeah she literally said
something that actually happened I mean
just look at this clip from 2005
Courtney Love answering a question on
the red carpet and it was intense
Courtney Love has also spoken out a
video of a rock star of the rock star
rather in 2005 came out showing the star
warning young women in Hollywood about
the movie Titan yeah Courtney Love she
knows Hollywood and even that she knew
that this was the situation but here's
the weird part of it even a Courtney
Love who is warning people still would
be around Harvey in this video from 2012
you can see her standing next to him and
that's some kind of a party so like he
probably knew she said stuff publicly
but he was still next to her and she was
still next to him so all I'm saying his
Hollywood knew about this guy and this
is not the first time something like
this has happened but it's also been
covered up and there's a lot of guilty
people out there in Hollywood who are
probably not alright
this is where it's going to get very
very dark we've talked about child
molesting in Hollywood before but I
really feel they need to talk about it
again now when this whole thing with
Harvey Weinstein blew up I was like
great awesome
I'm so happy these women are speaking
out but it even reminded me more of how
much child molestation is happening
would that everybody's covering up let's
talk about Woody Allen Woody Allen one
of the most famous movie directors of
all time and also an alleged child lost
his adopted daughter Dylan Farrow came
out in 2014 and wrote a letter about it
some of the stuff she said in the letter
was 22 years on and Dylan's given her
first public account of what happened in
an open letter to the New York Times in
it Dylan who's now 28 says he told me to
lay on my stomach and play with my
brother's electric train set then he
sexually assaulted me he talked to me
while he did it whispering that I was a
good girl yeah she says that Woody Allen
molested her for years and then he
married his other adopted daughter
that's confusing I'm not gonna get into
it all I'm saying is people know that
this guy is an alleged child molester
but he still works in movies
I mean his new movie is in production
and it literally has Elle Fanning and
Selena Gomez yeah two really awesome
strong women who have young fans and I'm
gonna give them the benefit of a doubt
that they don't know about this maybe
they're too young but the fact that they
don't know is not good it means that
people are covering it up a lot I mean
just look what Corey Feldman who's a
former child star said in this interview
I can tell you that the number one
problem in Hollywood was and is and
always will be pedophilia that's the
biggest problem for children in this
industry yeah everybody on the news
right now is saying that women getting
taken advantage of is the biggest
problem in Hollywood and I agree it's a
huge problem this one is big too nobody
talks about pedophilia it's the big
secret then it's widespread oh yeah I
was surrounded by them when I was 14
years old
surrounded now when Corey Feldman
brought this up on the view Barbara
Walters literally shut him down
are you saying that they're pedophiles
yes and they're still in this entire
industry on so yeah Barbara Walters who
I love but you know she knows
the dark shit going on in Hollywood and
it kind of seemed like she wanted to
just cover it up all I'm saying is yes
I'm happy that women are speaking up but
please children or former child stars
speak up will believe you I'll believe
you even if the rest of Hollywood is
trying to shut you up all right now
let's talk about something fun and light
please it's been a while since we talked
about Mandela effects that was kind of a
2016 thing but I did learn some new ones
that I was like oh I got to talk about
it first we're gonna be talking about
the Mandela effect and the movie The
Matrix now a lot of people remember in
the movie Morpheus saying what if I told
you that everything you know was a lie I
definitely remember that moment cuz I
was like oh fuck everything is a lie I
mean so many people remember it that it
even became a meme but what if I told
you memes and gifs were everywhere I
mean there was so many and of course my
favorite one what if I told you I've
been done shit since noon yeah I really
died
well guess what he never said that the
matrix do you want to know what it is
yeah never said it but for some reason
we all remember it which is even crazier
because the whole point of the matrix is
like simulation and things changing so
like what if something in our matrix
changed in our simulation and we thought
we heard something I thought I'm getting
to do all I'm saying is I fucking
remember it now this next line from a
movie I specifically remember a certain
way the movie saw you know the movie
about jigsaw who kills people in crazy
ways well you know that creepy little
doll thing that comes out on the bike
and talks to you what is he saying
do you want to play a game right that's
what you were thinking your head
nope yeah he just says I want to play a
game
I specifically remember do you want to
play a game
I remember saying it to my friends when
that movie came out I remember every
time it was board game night I do want
to play a game I know I'm lame how I'm
saying is I believe that one all right
now this next one really pissed me off
so the laughing cow cheese look you know
that little round cheese with the cow on
it now I'm going to show you two
versions of the logo and you tell me
which one you think is right hmm what do
you think you probably noticed that one
of them has a nose ring and if you're me
you would say yeah it always had a nose
ring nope the laughing cow never had a
nose ring I literally remember telling
my mom like mom can we get the cheese
with the cow with the nose ring
I even remember putting in a fake nose
ring when I was a kid and somebody
called me a laughing cow so that one
pisses me off
actually hold on I want to get like a
real reaction I'm gonna get round in
here and I'm gonna show him is that he
did not believe in Mandela effect so
this should be interesting
okay all right now you don't believe any
of them
no not really perfect okay so I'm going
to show you two different pictures of
this product and you have to tell me
which one you think is right okay okay
so it's the laughing cow one of them has
a nose ring and one of them I think
growing up it always had the nose ring
what no I don't believe it I need real
receipts like you can't just say it
didn't happen google it
oh no ring wow that's so weird
she had earrings but no nose still not a
believer I mean do you have another
example just go all right now of course
another huge conspiracy that happened
this year was little Michaela but I I'm
done I need a break from Michaela it's
been too much but I know a lot of you
guys have been tweeting me yes she came
out with a new music video I saw it and
it was incredibly attitude
I mean listen until there's a huge
update
I need a Michaela break on a small note
remember we thought that one girl are
stinkle was Michaela well it turns out
she blocked the words Lille Michaela and
Shane Dawson from her comments yeah she
literally blocked those words so oops
but it's okay at the end her she's fine
she's not mad she wouldn't admit whether
or not she was a little Michaela so I
still don't know but once again I need
to break them all right so before we go
I'm gonna leave you with this now this
has been going viral and I read it and I
literally could not stop thinking about
it this is an afterlife conspiracy
theory alright so I'm gonna read this to
you and you visualize it what if when we
die the light at the end of the tunnel
is alight to another hospital room there
we are born and the only reason you come
out crying is because you remember
everything from your past life and your
crying at the fact that you died and
lost everything as you grow you start to
forget about your past life and focus on
the life you have now but patches of
memories stay behind and that memory
causes deja vu think about that for a
second oh I did it I thought about it
for a long second like a week so let me
know down the comments what you guys
think do you believe that one also let
me know what you think about these
theories that we talked about today and
what your other favorite theories of
2017 were all right you guys I'm gonna
go make sure to give this video a thumbs
up if you want more conspiracy theories
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel right down below and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every day and if you want to see
all my other conspiracy theory videos
from the year I'll put a link to a
playlist right at the top the
description below and once again before
I go no disrespect to anybody I just
enjoy talking about these theories and
twisted things and I know you guys like
it too all right you guys remember don't
believe everything you see
bye Hey so I just wanted to give you
guys a little update I had a really
weird experience just now so I finished
the video and I changed and I was
cleaning up my computer and stuff and I
couldn't stop thinking about the Vegas
attacks and I kept thinking like oh
maybe I'm gonna cut that out of the
video I don't know
I don't know even though my heart tells
me to keep it in because I feel like we
should be questioning things and as I'm
literally having this conversation with
myself I noticed something that I had
not noticed before literally in the
biggest picture behind me that is the
Mandalay Bay and that is the window that
he was shooting at like that's it it's
right there literally his floor was
right there and I'm sitting right here I
don't know it gave me the chills made me
feel really weird maybe I'm overreacting
maybe I'm crazy but I just it's been
there the whole time
okay I feel really weird I'm gonna go
it's too safe and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
