hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news
my name is desperate I hate flying on
airplanes there is something about
artificial air stressed angry smelly
people screaming babies uncomfortable as
fuck seats and being thousands of feet
in the air in a steel deathtrap that I
just don't like can't imagine why but
this was about news we talking about the
super weird news that you might have
missed in the last week and the first
thing that I want to talk about today is
celebrity news and more specifically
Charlie Sheen news I love this guy
whether he's completely whacked out on
drugs or haven't set to several hookers
at a time or just really drunk at a Taco
Bell drive-thru Charlie Sheen news is
the best news that is unless you've had
sex with them in the last four months
and this is not good news for you
because according to Charlie Sheen on
The Today Show he's recently come out to
the public as being HIV positive
according to Sheen he's known for about
four years but just didn't know how to
tell the public about it until a girl
blackmailed him for 10 million dollars
if you didn't tell everyone this
supposedly was because she did not tell
the girl about him being HIV positive
before having what I'll assume is some
really epic unprotected sex she
commented on his condition saying I have
no idea how it happened really no idea
we're talking about a guy who in 2013
spent over a million dollars in
prostitutes a million dollar and he says
he doesn't know how he got it yeah I
don't know that beats me after the girl
blackmailing him Sheen says that this is
untrue and that before he has sex with
anyone he makes a girl sign a
nondisclosure agreement making it
impossible for them to brag about the
sex talk about the sex talk about the
fact that he's HIV positive
and if they do then they owe him
$100,000 and the most fucked-up part
about the story is that clearly the
girls still sided like what the fuck is
Charlie Sheen's penis magical is it
filled with candy I don't know look I
tried to make the unlucky souls that
have had sex with me sign a contract I
would get laughed at and still be a
virgin ah oh you know like whoa whoa
hold on before you do that let's have a
look
sex contract this just states that when
we have sex you have to call me Big
Daddy not because I like being called
daddy it's just I really like that movie
with Adam Sandler you're not allowed to
say no to me putting my finger in your
bud or several under the moon and I'm
allowed to get a crawfish and attach
their claws to your nipples no big deal
so yep just sign there at the bottom and
what are you going yeah would not go
over Scylla anyways no word yet if she
will end up paying the girl or if she
just came out in the public as being HIV
positive because he was being
blackmailed more and more likely this
girl just really wants some money and
more what the fuck news porn star by the
name of Jenny Jin's showed her support
to our troops in a different way for
Veterans Day this year by giving this
many veterans as she could find free
blowjobs via where do I sign up to get
in the military I'm ready to defend my
country like seriously if you got
guaranteed free blowjobs after serving
in the military I think more people
would sign up because obviously this
people are defending our country with
their lies and the most they ever get
rewarded is like hey cool man good job
here's a medal but apparently miss Jin's
was not the mastermind behind this idea
that credit goes to Mike pussy the owner
of a nightclub called
the sausage castle oh god I don't even
want to know what happens at a place
called the sausage castle I feel like my
anus is being violated just from saying
it just say out loud the word sausage
castle doesn't feel good but mr. Busey
says April year I do something with the
veterans out of appreciation but this
year I wanted to step it up a little bit
which apparently means to bring a porn
star to suck dudes off pussy cleanse and
affect messages last Halloween at the
sausage Castle gun that is still just
not good to say whatever ly she was
sucking dudes dicks in the middle of the
dance floor while her husband took
pictures that's what mr. Busey
approached miss Geist saying hey you're
sucking dicks for free why don't you
suck dicks for a noble cause you know
what I'm not even a girl and I'm in my
country needs me to suck some dick yep
I'm there obviously though miss jizz
agreed saying it's just fun when it
comes to Cub
I'm so excited you say that now until
you're actually there it's the 60 plus
your old man can juice it's like
squeezing the last little bit of
toothpaste out of the container yeah
come on get out of there I didn't
survive knob to be done like this so
judges we see
thank you for your service to this
country may you be free of luck John
cottonmouth as you show your
appreciation for our troops god bless
america
next one's about news a British beauty
blogger by the name of Tracy kiss was in
the news last week after she put a video
up on YouTube of her trying a new
skincare product to product semen so I
want to show you now how I do my semen
facial and plug fits it straight on the
bed then I just apply it directly to the
face what is with all the gist stories
today fuck a girl when someone told you
this idea to do a sperm facial I think
they meant something else in a video
though she talked about wanting to have
super smooth skin and that the only
thing that's worked so far has been
semen I don't want to know how she
discovered this I think I want to know
how did you look try this
since this videos come out the only
thing I want to know is where she's
getting all this sperm to put on her
face I'm gonna really hope it's not from
the same old war death of the last
stories yeah alright this time there's
no blood in there but she's like a
husband or something man that guy is
love this honey I need more Thiemann oh
no not again
I hate doing this oh it's fine you don't
have to do it right nope we're doing it
right now to nose and probably the semen
on your face actually does anything but
you know that I'm gonna try to convince
girls than it does so really Thank You
Tracy kiss dudes everywhere are indebted
to you lastly in some movie news a lot
of trailers have come out the last few
weeks including the new trailer for the
new Huntsman movie which is a
continuation of the Huntsman movie from
2012 and good news with that movie Chris
Hemsworth is returning to be some eye
candy while the movie is also thankful
we got rid of Kirsten Stewart thank God
that's the trailer for Zoolander 2 is
released which actually I'd be pretty
hopeful that the movie will be decent
sequel to the first one which came out
in 2001 so far the best parts off the
trailer is Justin Bieber being in it and
then dying and an eyebrow is genderbent
benedict cumberbatch which honestly
scares the shit out of me
just one of those things you can't unsee
the last trailer for Captain America's
Civil War was released and holy tits am
i excited
so just to recap off the trailer we have
the awesome Sebastian stand returning as
the Winter Soldier bit Robert Downey jr.
reprising his temperatures I
man once again we have our first look at
the Black Panther which looks fucking
sick and then just a whole bunch of
awesome fight scenes so 2016 is going to
have the Deadpool movie Batman vs
Superman Suicide Squad
x-men apocalypse Doctor Strange and
Captain America Civil War 2016 might be
the best year ever anyways that is it
for this episode of what the fuck you I
watch another day for you guys is what
movie are you most excited about that's
coming out the next couple years leave
your answers would be comments down
below all of these stories as always in
the description down below as well as
all of my links also be sure to check
out my channel youtube.com slash Captain
Estes or you can click this annotation
right here to check it out I will see
you guys next time for another what the
fuck news thanks for watching and fair
with
