guys guess what I'm vlogging do you say
Oh No
well I hope fuck you yeah but did not
yes I'm here with all my trash mates you
can't see us but we got trash up pay
less yeah we got Daniel blog on the
darkest alleyway like no one can see who
we are I'm a bad Locker okay that's the
pole I get it yeah
sorry add some effects on this yeah
click out right no no we're not to go to
Target and have some christmas time fun
and unfortunately stuff to vlog today
cuz I never blog but I'm wondering like
two seconds I swear how do you boy your
body weight let me give me okay let's go
good spider-man oh baby yeah hey guys so
we're at a gas station cos Joey's car
broke down anyways it didn't break down
it got a lot of fire his tires are
fucking flop it's a fucking sad flop car
anyways where's this guy's cheating we
were talking about pranks and earlier
time I blow jobs I'll get into it later
I've been obsessed with pranks I'm blue
so we've decided number one I'm going to
call this video blowjob prank number two
we have to get a thumbnail are you ready
I don't know what exactly do you want
you're diggin getting down on your
fucking knees aiming a big fuckin sock
dude a timer whine wait to cocks it is
I'm no two men cry barely need one
readies give her a watch it down
wait till me to get from this leg how do
you feel I feel so we like a real one
different than I thought I was I didn't
think what happened so soon yeah I'm
jealous
honestly so Joe really Oh what is
happening well dan I got some your
sweater in my mouth
hello it's Walter alright guys are
celebrating Christmas by going to target
scuse us
wow this is are you taking a movie
hi I'm taking film where it right now
because they have the Christmas section
open I haven't seen it and I'm so
excited I'm wearing my Christmas shirt I
blog it's coming up next week it's lame
I hated I blogged I said this is socks
were just getting food it's coming up
why would you do this why wouldn't you
tell enough well I'm still excited it's
gonna be everything because I can't wait
to see all the flavors of Hershey Kisses
they have the flavors of Oreos man and
all oh my god I can see it guys here
who's gonna get the Oreo challenge I got
it I'm gonna we're trying out right now
no I'm filming it now right I'm gonna
react before you react this is how you
do bruise dude this is how I beat you
have a nice day
okay ready clap you might be to look for
me but my video will go up like way
before you oh damn that's good
um this is illegal and I am reporting
you to the authorities okay put these
back on hey guys I found what I wanted
for Christmas my god just a Taylor Swift
fucking ornament or she would of course
she do have an ornament yes it's just me
looking like that and like it's put
there so you'll lose weight on Christmas
it'll make you not want to eat because
you don't look like me such a love her
she's my queen guys look what I found
oh that's ugly oh you have to say gross
you have to have a real birch how's this
Sam be I don't know I feel she's
everything she's gonna keep me not
lonely in the winter night
I'm gonna put red permanent marker here
with like a No oh speaking of prank
videos look what they have guys prank
and gift box and you sort of bacon
scented dryer sheets or earwax kiddo kit
oh my god I thought that was real you
got grease bitch it's a calendar I'm
just like pranking Joey all over the
place oh my god you know it's a box it's
like a it's like you wrap it and people
think it's real
oh so they'll get it it'll be like oh my
god earwax candle I love it thank you
Joey Graceffa YouTube superstar I'll
never hate anything you give me has
target is killing the sweater game look
at this sit on my lap I'm gonna put duct
tape and put face can't you old bitch
guys look all the youtuber books except
for mine except for Joey's or as Joey
sold oh no that's Nardin Ami's where's
your book my book is being published
right now so I said go slow Paper Towns
guys we're in Casa de Joey look at all
the beautiful decorations we're about to
get ready to worship our new God this is
literally like your house Trish my house
it's like the pictures of you I do love
the pictures yeah what do you have above
your bed love what do you move of your
bed do you a picture of you wait what is
it is literally you laying down or
something the room tour hasn't happened
Oh got it I'm gonna give it away all
work in progress Oh kind of runt that
also I got my new pug sweater I'm really
excited about it also I realized tonight
that I say every youtuber name wrong I
say Connor Franta it's Connor Franta I
say Jeff Moran is Trevor Moran I say
Trisha Paytas yes true subpoena
literally what's my move
expos Tricia has a fake loss that's
right
honestly you should have a fake last
name we all do
alright guys I'm gonna end a night we're
tired that's a lie we're gonna hate
watch the videos what is this
I love that love him you have a lot of
money um you have this like beautiful
statue of a lion and a crystal and I
have this actual sad gold
um okay guys I'll be opening up less
reoffending if you leave a comment down
below telling me what your favorite Joey
Graceffa picture is that's mine yes I
might have a future it's so excited this
looks good there's a lot of cops oh no
it's not good
