oh you're so cartoon hey guys yes I'm
here with glee and we are going to do
another supernatural video last time you
saw us we were playing with the Ouija
board and after I left you had some
crazy experiences so what happened so we
met a ghost named what was her name
Vicki no Vicki no that was another girl
no no no it was um Stacy Stacy Stacy and
then she felt leer because there's no
heat yes yes no I think it's well stay
and we were like it's Stacy but it just
said stay so maybe it's not Stacy maybe
that goes to just fucking teens
oh my god anyway Stacy was in my house
and after that I did a live stream and I
heard noises in my house like very loud
coming from the holic where we did the
Ouija board I was home alone and I heard
these loud thumps and I was oh my god
did you guys hear that lovely I was live
stream so someone else could tell me
that it was there and all my Twitter was
like yeah we heard a - where to - I was
like okay whatever I turned back around
and then it happened again and I was
freaking out and it was really
terrifying and then I was like there's
no one here my sister came checked the
house if nobody here we checked every
room with that if you've watched the
live stream after the loud thud happens
I like I'm looking and then I turn
around I'm like okay there's nothing
there but in the mirror behind me see
something quickly dart like move across
the room so she's still here yeah she's
totally here guys keep a lookout so
today instead of you know talking
directly to a ghost and asking them
about their life we want to over our
line yeah cuz that's just Muslim port so
we are going to do tarot cards so
excited have you done this before right
yes I've done it once before glozell and
it was terrifyingly accurate like
exactly accurate it was crazy yeah I had
one done that was really accurate and
they told me literally they said in a
month you're going to get a deal where
you're going to direct a movie and the
guy who gives you the deal is gonna have
light blonde hair and it fucking
happened and it was Chris Moore idea I
have one here and I was like god you're
the man the tarot card which is Right
creepy but anyway so first I went to
this really creepy psychic shit I love
it and I bought it oh okay so first this
is like this little blanket which by the
way I think that's like the sign of the
devil
how do I get though I kind of love it
though so we're going to lay it this
down so this is going to make everything
like real I guess so now we are going to
have the deck of tarot cards okay so I
was thinking we could do this two
different ways so the first way is the
three-card reading so I'm going to mix
these up okay and then I'm going to
spread them you're gonna pick three
cards one for past one for present room
trick demons ghosts spirits come to us
your house sorry
just ghosts only good spirits
you gonna pick I feel like this one
needs to be picked because it was like
yes opening Kali yes alright so now
we're gonna do is we're going to start
with present we're gonna see how
accurate this is to flip your present
card nervous but it's like just a demon
like a mocking skull oh my god okay okay
you got the six of Wands okay on the
surface it is a victor triumphing that's
good okay but it also has great news
such as it might be carried in state by
the Kings quarter it is an expectation
crowned with its own desire the crown of
hope but there's apprehension and fear
as a victorious enemy at the gate
treachery disloyalty has the gates being
opened to the enemy so what that sounds
like to me is that you have a lot going
on that is good and you're like the king
you're the queen basically but there's
something in your life that could
possibly destroy that okay that's
literally our life yeah my life is not
someone's okay so that's not you guys
okay cuz I'm getting on this finance
it's like it's generic enough yes
okay past classes next right okay we
have judgment the judgment card whew in
the background there are huge mountains
or even tidal waves which signify
insurmountable obstacles and the
impossibility of avoiding judgement as
with everything in life the beginning is
woven irrevocably into the end and the
end eventually leads to a new beginning
the planetary ruler of this part is
Pluto the ruler
so basically saying that you had a
realization that you needed to live your
life in a different way and be true to
yourself
and really you opened up to a new
possibility that'll lead to a new
fulfilling what so is that true yes it's
so true cuz I was like super
uncomfortable I hated myself like high
school was like the worst I guess it is
for everyone and even college I wasn't
really happy and then I decided to like
take a leap with the YouTube thing and I
spent every penny I had food in New York
City started performing and created the
one-woman show and then it like changed
my life I got confident I got a new job
I started making money I became happy I
met Josh like everything flipped but I
had to change me you know make that
happen so what it's saying is you
changed your life
now you have these huge opportunities
that are coming that are going to be
even bigger but you have some honorifics
and this is going to tell us what the
obstacles oh oh a nervous please don't
be dead okay four of Pentacles so the
four of Pentacles generates both
positive and negative perceptions on one
hand this card signifies that you have
accomplished many of your goals and have
attained great material wealth in the
process yeah if you do my D however
there is a risk you will value only
material wealth that's becoming
possessive and you're greedy and
ensuring that no one else takes you well
yes it indicates that you're in a
position where you're financially stable
and secure with solid investments you're
very conservative about money and not
inclined to gamble you are very
protective of what you have yes and
slowly and steadily you'll increase your
net worth through saving money and
saving business okay
you're also self-sufficient financially
and emotionally as you often equate
money with emotional security yes
oh my god really uh deep down you're
starting to realize that you can sold
out but as we do the yummy nummies you
saw about today you can also indicate
that you have an inflexible attitude and
a resistance to change you've already
established a new way of living that
works for you so why change change
appears to be a threat to you however
the downside is that you cannot always
have things your way and you
proved too much for some isolating
yourself on brenda's war family good
yeah is there anything good about my
future I mean I guess I'm rich Oh God
it's telling you that you need to loosen
your whole tanden I'm not you're going
to say loosing your whole your whole
need to be loose like that hey come on
girl step outside of your comfort zone
it'll feel shaky at the start but it's
very important for your personal
development okay so I get it you
overcame a bunch
you had a big self change now you're
kind of stalled and something huge is
coming but you're scared of it and the
reason you're stalled is because you're
scared if you change too much you're
going to lose your income yeah literally
what we were talking right just talking
about literally how about this an hour
ago yeah both have this thing where
we're scared like what if you 2 goes
away or like what if this would at that
like I want to make a movie but like
what if Ball I make me move my youtube
channel oh yeah and you were talking
like that that's pretty crazy that's
crazy but you can change that's what the
app crazy lady with the jewels told me
at the shop she said remember you can
always change the future I love God okay
I get the video agates oh my god of a
second okay gives you present first
you ready king of swords it's just weird
I got my cards read like a month ago and
that was the present that's the first
one that's so crazy so let's do write
the king of swords is a symbol of
intellectual power and authority and has
the courage and intellect to accomplish
all that he desires he represents
judgment command and rulership his
character indicates the stern leadership
of a judge lawyer or military commander
whose emotions must be captain checked
under the pressure battle you have
clarity of mind and can perceive the
truth right now so you must take the
lead with providing an objective point
of view you are well positioned to judge
your situation appropriately and
identify the limiting behaviors that are
getting the way this seems urgent like
my ops like this is generic and yours is
like you have to do this you need to
listen
you may be concerned that you're not
being particularly caring or sympathetic
but at this point in time this
detachment is what is needed most oh my
god I forgot was she quite a few times
and every time it's like bubbly normal
Shayne and like today who's like I don't
know something's off that's so true it's
crazy it's true I'm at a weird point in
my life where like I need to get real
with myself and be like I need Wow some
shit up yeah it says the king of swords
encourages you to use logic and
intellect to navigate your path ahead
you need to get to the heart of the
matter make firm and well-researched
decisions and ensure that you are firm
but fair and your dealings with others
wow this is that's another thing I have
problems what we were just talking about
this before we start filming I have a
problem when I have like an issue with
somebody or I need to talk to them I'm
scared to hurt feelings and so I just I
ignore it or whatever but like I need
get better at that oh my god let's keep
going okay it's time for your next one I
have for my past now this is gonna be
the death card it's gonna be bad my
guard that's the looking death card this
is what it was oh my god oh my god okay
I know this will read it but what the
Tarot said last time was that my past
was awful obviously you can do but I
killed off that past to get to my
present state to be the king
so it wasn't have it if this was my
future that'd be a problem the five of
cups represents a lack of fulfillment or
non-attainment of expected result I'm
gonna cry you're feeling disappointed
that a situation is not turned out as
you hoped and instead of moving on to
greener pastures you're wallowing in
self-pity and regret about what has been
lost I'm really gonna leave you my teeth
alone
but that's fine it's my past you are
quickly becoming disillusioned with life
and increasingly pessimistic about your
future this is you in the past let me
imagine yeah the five of cups suggest
that you are having trouble letting go
of the past and learning from your
mistakes
this card can often reflect a person
who's caught up in the past and unable
to move on missing out on you opportune
my god me bitter memories from
past continued to bother you and often a
great deal of the blame for past actions
is placed on yourself and your
inadequacies I want to help you there's
still a ray of hope because some of the
cups in this card remain full and
upright
you must not pity yourself when you find
yourself in his situation instead of
looking at the situation's from a
glass-is-half-empty perspective look at
it from a glasses half-full perspective
okay that's great because I am the most
negative person in the world I'm like
constantly dying myself painting myself
thinking about the past I'm so stuck in
the past literally when I go to bed at
night I fall asleep to memories I think
about the cats not even good memories
just memories in general and I'm like I
wish it was then I wish I was young I
wish I wasn't 27 like it's like really
intense so you just need to turn around
and look at the cup so it's still full
cheers Cheers all right here's the
future it's so excited this looks good
there's a lot of cops oh no it's not
good ha ha ha disappointment love it
abandonment and withdrawal the air cups
indicates that it is time to ask
yourself what you can do to bring a
deeper satisfaction and joy to your life
beyond the obvious pursuit of material
satisfaction and/or physical enjoyment
literally worse we're just I rather
you're seeking deeper meaning to life
I'll be singing in on your personal
truth you want to escape from the rat
race and pursue deeper more spiritual
goals at this time the eight of cups is
often reflective of the start of a
journey of discovery particularly on a
spiritual path Queen that's great it
could also indicate that you have
overextended yourself to the point of
emotional exhaustion oh my god
anybody with eyes can see that you may
also be feeling that you are giving too
much and not getting nearly enough in
exchange food that's so interesting so
basically what I'm getting is I had it
awful past and I concur that you're
crashing Airy I'm crushing it with my
sword but if I keep killing it at the
pace I'm killing it you can it break I'm
gonna burn out which is very true which
is what my grandma told me when she came
to see me when she was dead long story
and told the psychic to tell me that I'm
hangout and they need to be there take a
break or reevaluate what I'm doing with
my life and focus on something I'm
really passionate which is making movies
so this even more so
I'm not leaving YouTube y'all I might
take a little step back but I need it I
need to focus on what I love which is
making movies I need to make a movie and
I've talked about that I need to make a
movie this year 2016
oh my god this is crazy yeah this is
crazy Wow
that's nuts that was insane Shane that
was so crazy accurate yeah guys if you
want to see us give a reading to anybody
else leave their name
oh yeah that's seven you and I just
become like oh my just fighters of like
you're using beer guys I would love that
would be like we shall drop that we
everything guys over to her channel
subscribe we did a video over there
whoopee make yummy nummies
like over there give this video a thumbs
up if you want me I'll even do more
spiritual or scary stuff aren't you guys
tomorrow bye
let's get Tommy okay we were fully going
boldly I think that's so fucking fat
don't think honey boo boo child son okay
fuck yeah something weird I am going to
kill myself
bye and also if Jesus wasn't alien well
it's a pretty good looking alien so at
least they're not fucking creepy and
green like we all thought they have
beards and man bugs
that's exciting
