my name's Shane Dawson I'm a famous
youtuber with lots of fans and lots of
money and both of those things make me
very happy
honest hey what's up you guys yes today
is another day for conspiracy theories
today I'm really excited cuz I'm gonna
be talking about my favorite ones which
are alien conspiracies yes alien
conspiracies are my favorite because
honestly I believe all of them there's
no way that we're alone in this universe
there's no way there's hundreds of
thousands of millions of billions of
planets so today I'm going to be
uncovering some of the conspiracies that
might make you go oh maybe there is life
out there but also some conspiracies are
going to make you go what who the fuck
about about why so here we go so the
first theory is that Jesus is actually
an alien now a lot of parts of Jesus's
story and the story of the Bible seemed
a little extraterrestrial to think about
it the fact that Mary somehow about
pregnant even though she had never had
sex the fact that the baby she had could
perform miracles and could talk to God
also in the Bible Jesus claims that he's
not of this world and some believe that
after he resurrected is when he was
beamed back up into space and that's why
he's going now I grew up Christian and I
still believe in God and I still pray
and all of that stuff but this to me
doesn't seem that crazy I mean why
wouldn't God be an alien you know and
why wouldn't the aliens want to give us
some kind of religion and also if Jesus
was an alien well it's a pretty
good-looking alien so at least they're
not fucking creepy and green like we all
thought they have beards and man buttons
that's exciting now another conspiracy
is that aliens have existed for millions
of years and also back in history people
have seen them and had drawn pictures of
them now this is a painting from
hundreds of years ago called the Madonna
with Saint giovannino
this was created in the 15th century and
it's a picture of Virgin Mary but if you
look in the background you see a man and
his dog staring up at a hovering
disk-like object and I don't know about
you that looks like a UFO now the fact
that his painting was done in the 15th
century just shows they've been around
time and this isn't the only payment
there's hundreds thousands of paintings
where people have painted aliens or
painted UFOs and stuff and for some
reason the government isn't explaining
this to us
speaking of government dis leads us to
our next conspiracy which is JFK was
actually killed because he wanted the
truth about aliens JFK who was a
president saw a UFO himself and was
freaking out there's documentation of
him seeing it he talked about it in
interviews and he was trying to find the
truth so he went to the CIA and he
demanded papers and research on
unidentified flying objects and he wants
to know everything that they knew ten
days later he was killed
now I know there's a lot of theories
about why he was killed but this is one
of them I mean honestly if the
government doesn't want us to know about
aliens that much makes sense this is a
real quote from JFK before he died I'd
like to tell the truth about the alien
situation but my hands are tied and he's
not the only president that wants a
truth Bill Clinton has talked about it
in so many interviews saying that he
knows aliens exist and he wants to know
what they want just look at this clip of
him on Jimmy Kimmel I demand to see all
the classified files on the UFOs because
I want to know I'd want to know what has
been going on did you do that sort of
sure I don't know about you but I agree
with Clinton I want to know
now our next conspiracy is dealing with
an actual UFO sighting now I'm just
letting you guys know this video scared
the shit out of me when I first saw it I
remember seeing it years ago maybe like
five or six years ago I think I was at
the gym and I looked up on the TV and it
was on CNN and my heart fucking stopped
I was texting everybody my phone I was
so scared I was like this is it the
world's ending this was taken in
Jerusalem and there's many different
angles of this video but this one is by
far the scariest
sure
oh let's see what I mean
fucking terrifying the way that it
landed and the way that it went that
shit was straight out of a fucking
sci-fi movie now of course after this
happened the world was freaking out
everybody wanted to know what it was and
then the government over there decided
to say oh it was military testing Oh
something I don't know I don't buy any
of it and this just happened recently in
LA I'm sure you guys heard about this
but there was a UFO sighting in LA about
three weeks ago and a bunch of people
got pictures and videos and tweets of it
this is a little clip from Julian's
vlogging channel he's a jenna Marbles
boyfriend and he makes vlogs this is a
little clip that he got
yeah that's not a fucking missile that's
not a fucking plane that's something
else took a couple days but of course
the government released a statement
saying oh it was a military something
that's what they always do they always
say it's military something something
that we don't understand that we just
stop questioning it speaking of videos
of UFOs this next one is really fucking
creepy this happened in 2009 in Norway
there was a big spinning blue light in
the sky they said it was a missile or
they said it was some kind of knows
everything I'm gonna let you guys watch
it judge for yourself
now the theory of what that is is a
little crazy but stay with me some
conspiracy there is think that that blue
light is actually the start of a
hologram now there's been a theory that
the New World Order or the Illuminati
eventually of course wants to take over
the world but to do that they need
everybody in the world to surrender and
to not fight back and just put their
hands up and say do whatever you want
now one theory is that the way that
they're going to do that is have a
hologram across the entire world and
it's going to be some kind of godlike
figure and that godlike figure is going
to say hey I'm taking over and there's
nothing you can do about it and of
course the whole world is just going to
say okay do whatever you want there's
nothing we can do and then that's when
the New World Order is going to take
over but they're saying that this light
in Norway was a glitch and they were
testing it out and it went too far all
I'm saying is if in the near future you
see a god-like figure in the sky don't
always believe what you see now the next
theory is that the Malaysian plane that
went missing a few years ago actually
got abducted now the main reason this
theory got started is number one the
plane went missing and disappeared
basically into thin air nobody could
find any remnants of it also the head of
the Malaysian Air Force said that he
witnessed an unidentified flying object
on the radar near where the plane was
and after he saw that on the radar plane
was gone there's also barely any debris
of the plane they said that they think
it crashed somewhere and they found a
little piece of debris over here but
with the plane that big there can't just
not be debris kind of makes you think
are all those people still out there is
that plane still out there are they
going to come back and if they do come
back what are they going to say happened
now I know alien abduction sounds crazy
but what if I told you that an actress
that we all know experienced it for
herself Fran dresser from the show The
Nanny which is an amazing show by the
way believes that she was abducted when
she was a teenager she says that one
night she was abducted she doesn't
remember much her mind kind of went
black but when she woke up she had a
scar behind her ear a scar that had
never been there before
she believes that that's where they
implanted a chip she met her husband
years later and he had the same exact
story and he has the same exact scar so
her theory is that they were both
abducted when there
teenagers and that they were both
programmed to find each other
which is kind of romantic also extremely
creepy she's not the only celebrity that
believes in aliens other celebrities are
Katy Perry Niall from one direction
Megan Fox so my question is what do you
believe let me know down the comments I
also give this video thumbs up and
subscribe cause I make new videos every
single day and if you want more
conspiracy theory videos I'll put a link
to a playlist down below also let me
know in the comments whatever conspiracy
theories you want me to talk about all
right you guys I'm gonna go just know
that even if aliens do exist and even if
they want to hurt us which I don't think
they do gonna be okay we're gonna figure
it out I don't know about you but
sometimes when I think about UFOs and I
think about aliens even just researching
for this video I was up all night so
scared and so scared that if I was
asleep maybe an alien walking into my
room and like grabbing my head and like
sucking me up into his fucking spaceship
oh god no I'm scared again okay I'm
gonna go stay safe guys
cuz it has a little panic stance - hi
guys dance wait have no panic attacks
you're like gasps Brandon yeah
