have to be guys yes it is another time
for me to show how little I know about
music you guys really want me to react
to panic at the disco which is
surprising to me because panic at the
disco was around when I was younger so I
know like their old stuff and I haven't
heard any of the new stuff so I'm very
curious like what are they doing are
they doing dubstep now or they're doing
kpop my god they switched it up are they
still trying to open the gift dance or
no I just turned into Paramore alright
let's get started so first we're gonna
Google that now I'm gonna put Panic at
the Disco 2015 I'm nervous oh okay they
don't look that much different they're
still tacky but a good one
he's kind of dressed like a Willy Wonka
bar and then you got Johnny Depp in the
back look at mischievious he'll another
one on the riot he looks like he sells
tuxedos
I mean like you go to a store in the
mall and he comes up he was like hey
look gonna get you and you're like
nothing leave me alone sorry tuxedo
shopping just gets me angry
whoa his tongue is long okay first of
all if he doesn't do YouTube videos
he needs to it's he got that YouTube
poof and with that tongue I thumbs it up
Wow
literally I born every single one of
those outfits to VidCon remember when
vests were thing no they weren't just
for me okay and for them I guess ya know
we need to ban vests they're not good
but don't I look like a member no not
really
whoa now he's doing a backflip what
happens at these shows hyung is out he's
doing backflips they're gonna why I
never been on one of these shows okay so
I've seen what they look like they look
pretty similar to what they did when I
was in high school - now I'm going to
watch one of their music videos I'm very
nervous I want it to be good also what
are their fans names little panics will
panic attacks little disco balls
panicking disco balls exclamation points
let me know down the comments oh okay
this is from three days ago
it's called victorious wait what they
did the theme song for the Nickelodeon
show
oh ho pictorial justice is in this
honestly I miss her hold on what's an
Ariana Grande on Victoria's I just blew
my mind
okay back to music okay okay
okay okay so it kind of sounds like the
same also like Fall Out Boy
boo did I just heard drama I didn't just
our drama I don't know there's like a
like a thief
I hope there's my beef beef I'm hungry I
love the world we're living in where he
would kick somebody's ass you know I
mean I want to live in that world can
you imagine me kicking someone's ass God
his voice is so high how does he do that
big guy but no he is an ugly crier and I
relate to that have you ever been crying
and then you're like ooh I should
take a selfie right now because like
somebody saw me crying in a selfie like
that so emotional I could post out my
Instagram people be like Shane what's
wrong and then you take that picture and
then it's like yeah about 800 of those
in my recently deleted folder
wait what's happening he's getting money
for not doing stuff
can that be my life can I get money for
not doing stuff I didn't go to work
today
I told my trainer I was sick I didn't go
to Yogurtland okay no I did all right
let's look up another one this one is
called Emperor's New Clothes ha
it's got a Disney movie where David
Spade plays a llama turn mo and he's
like I'm crazy
give me a jacket whoa oh okay oh there's
a lot happening oh he's going to hell
heaven he's taking a shirt off there's
smoke his hair is perfect now how about
happened he looks like a tiny little boy
you don't I mean like like in one of
those movies about like a British boy
who's like travelling across the country
with like a little puppet who comes to
life and the puppets like where do you
want to go today Timmy and then Timmy's
like anywhere you want to go I trust you
back look at that little British boy
looking into the wind oh no little
British boys dad Oh No Timmy know who
this just got real scary oh my god why
is there a devil I need it whew does it
has a little panics dance so hey guys
dance weight having a panic attack
good I guess Brandon yeah
Oh his bones are cracking he loves
showing off his body
okay all right okay calm down okay honey
well I need a better make me sick now
cuz of his body just is it a lot of
camera moving a lot of cracking a lot of
bones I need some sweet some soft some
sad some slow all right this one is
called this is gospel piano version okay
yes clean sing it where is he I'm so
curious like one of the homeless people
nearby I think when they were like
warming their hands over a fire fighting
over a dead cat and then they look over
and they're like why is a beautiful man
playing on a white piano are we
hallucinating probably dead
I wanna see a bat music video woo
confetti from the sky yes I agree I love
it it's like a king Kenyatta alright I'm
good I got enough I like it I'm gonna
redownload their songs imma get the new
 I'm gonna get the old again
was that other song they had what was it
called okay I remember it because I
thought it was funny because it was
about waking up in the morning and then
I was like rah - I got them noon oh not
in the afternoon and I was like girl oh
I ain't up yet
call me in three hours oh you guys go
that was me listening to peg they just
go I like it I'm happy my redownload let
me know down that comes what you think
also let me know what other music I
should be reacting to next and give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
I make new videos every single day and
I'll see you guys tomorrow at 9:00 in
the afternoon just kidding twelve
alright yeah I love it
I can't do this I'm sorry okay you know
what oh my god all the legs oh it's like
a disaster zone oh it's like there was a
bug murder okay I have to because you
guys want me to I know you want me to
I'm gonna be honest it's not gonna go
well
