hey that's a big guys I don't know about
you but sometimes when I'm watching the
Disney Channel I say this is porn
so today I decided to do a quiz don't
see if I could tell the difference
between Disney Channel original movie
titles and porn names all I know is my
favorite Disney Channel original movie
is life-size where Tyra is a Barbie doll
and then she comes to life and then
Lindsay Lohan has to take care of her
but then I was like girl I'm independent
I'm moving on and then Lindsay Lohan's
like don't leave me I need you Wow
that's so true literally the story of
Lindsay's life all right let's get
started number one hounded that's hard
cuz I've definitely seen a lot of you
know doggy style porn
I couldn't said that any creepier but I
don't think hounded is a term although
that means like hounds like sniff each
others but you know that's a thing I'm
gonna go Disney Channel original title
yes I was right oh that poster a
teenager is hounded by a seemingly
adorable fluffy dog that turns out to be
a devil why is he so happy though like
boy on the bottom scared dog with evil
and then that motherfucker in the middle
is like I'm just happy to be here you
just haven't have a job it's hard out
there for actors double-teamed whoo God
okay that's hard because that is
definitely porn I don't know what that
would be as a Disney Channel original
movie like twins ooh t & tamera like T
and Tamara are wrestlers and then
they're going up against Hillary and
Haylie Duff who are not twins
but close enough like if you squint with
one eye and like lose the other okay I'm
gonna go do our movie yes what who the
fuck are my two sisters become famous
basketball players what you know what
they were probably actual basketball
players and then Disney is like oh you
guys should be actresses no they
shouldn't behind the green door I'm
scared if that's porn I don't know what
that means
why is your door green I mean a real
life a green door is classy means money
a red door I'm into it a blue door stop
it tacky why I'm gonna have outdoors
okay I'm sorry back to porn I'm gonna go
with porn because I feel like I don't
know why that would be a Disney Channel
movie I don't know what that would mean
yes oh my god I'm too good at this a
woman is initiated into a series of
sexual performances including a public
orgy love that she looks like a young
Caitlyn Jenner invisible sister whoo
that's hard because I've definitely done
that before
where you sit on your hand wait till
falls asleep and then you know thanks
sister I'm fucked up but I'm gonna say
Disney Channel original movie yes the
school science project goes terribly
wrong with Chloe turns into her older
sister invisible that sounds great I
wish my brother would have accidentally
turned me invisible I thought I made
school so much easier and that would
have been creeping so much easier to
Tracy in heaven porn yes either way so
obvious
dad napped that is a Disney Channel
original movie I have seen that Disney
Channel original movie I know it
although it could also be a porn it
probably is a porn it's definitely
important yes I was right dad yeah I
think I'm all tied up
Disney is so fucked up what are they
doing they're just giving kids ideas
that's one having kids I wanna be tired
up I don't wanna be napped son swap
that's porn 100% and it's scary how
confident I am with my answer yes oh my
God look at that it's like wife swap oh
I get it
oh that's sad those poor kids by the way
that's not a kid he's 35 that was like
really doing the one on the top left is
me in like five years girl vs. monster
Lulu that's hard huh I mean it sounds
like porn monster is one of the most
searched terms on porn sites don't ask
why I know that but I'm gonna say no I'm
gonna say four damn it fuck damn it oh
fuck you Skyler teen Beach to teen beach
movie 2 is Disney but teen beach -
sounds like porn fuck
oh it's called teen beach I was teen
beach movie fuck you
alright last is mom's got a date with a
vampire hmm
brings back memories well I mean I hope
he's a vampire cuz like somebody needs
to suck on my mom you know I'm fine I'm
gonna go with horn no dizzy no dude John
was your movie yes
last and final answer yes that looks
like a porn the way his mouth is right
over her head
uh-oh I have been Chelsea thought they
were geniuses setting their mom up with
a handsome mysterious stranger until
they find out he's a vampire god this
reminds me of when people are like Oh
Disney Channel original movies used to
be so good you see that bouncer that
don't you think is good no thank you
where you guys go how many do you get
right let me know down the comments also
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe let me
and I'll see you guys tomorrow get
hounded and a lot of people that deal
with them say that they subconsciously
start to help without even wanting to
like they'll slowly move their arm
toward the window to unroll it or
they'll slowly open the door for the kid
to come in it's almost like the kid is
making you do it with their mind and at
the last second before you finally give
in to that they lift up their hood and
they show their black eyes now once you
see those black eyes you're fucked
