oh hey guys yes if you can tell from the
scary music playing and this weird
fucked up chair I'm sitting in today
we're going to be trying something a
little bit different so I want to start
a series on my channel where I talk
about some of my favorite urban legends
so an urban legend is something that a
lot of people know about people talk
about but there's no actual proof that
it's real kind of like a story that
we've all heard a million times from a
million different people but nobody ever
really knows if it's real or not well
today we're going to be talking about
one of my favorites which is the urban
legend of the black-eyed children-- so
over the last 20 years there's been a
lot of people saying that they've
encountered the black-eyed children--
and every time somebody tells one of
their encounters it always sounds the
same the child comes up to them and ask
for help sometimes they'll come to your
door sometimes if you're in a car
they'll come to your window and the
second they come up to you you start to
feel scared you start to have a panic
attack you start to feel like you can't
really move like they have a whole dog
they're usually dressed in dark clothes
sometimes I putted sweatshirt and
sometimes they come with the black-eyed
friend first they request something
whether that's for them to come in
whether that's for a ride whether that's
for you to help them call somebody and
if you say no to them they'll come back
a little stronger they'll say you have
to let me in or they'll say you have to
help me or they'll say please I need to
call this person you're the only person
that can help me and a lot of people
that deal with them say that they
subconsciously start to help without
even wanting to like they'll slowly move
their arm toward the window to unroll it
or they'll slowly open the door for the
kid to come in it's almost like the kid
is making you do it with their mind and
at the last second before you finally
give in to that they lift up their
and they show their black eyes now once
you see those black eyes you're fucked
you're probably going to let them into
your place and they're probably going to
do whatever they do with you nobody
really knows because most of these
encounters have happened where people
have caught themselves and then slammed
the door or drove the car away now over
the last 20 years there have been
hundreds of encounters and a lot of
people have told their story online they
told their story to the cops to friends
to anybody who will listen I read one of
these stories and it scared the shit out
of me so I'm about to read to you guys
right it was March 17th 2008 and I was
12 years old I was sitting outside of a
hairdresser salon and my mom's old
pickup truck waiting for her to get her
haircut
after 15 minutes passed I saw some kid
walking back and forth along the
sidewalk in front of my car then he
noticed me he turned his head toward
mine and started slowly walking toward
my car he got up to the window and just
stared at me I looked into his eyes and
his pupils were black he whispered you
must let me in I locked the car doors
and ducked down into the space below the
seat five minutes later he was gone when
my mom came back to the car she told me
that a boy with black eyes have come in
to the hairdresser salon and asked for
my mother to give him the keys to her
car she refused thank God she did can
you imagine a little boy coming up to
your window driving into your car and
then finding out later that he asked
your mom for the keys that's a scariest
thing of a bird that's almost as scary
as those kids who stand outside of the
store with those chocolate bars and
they're like please buy this chocolate
it'll help me go to college
black-eyed children-- I don't trust him
in England most of the encounters with
the black-eyed children-- happen in the
Canuck chase forest a guy was flying his
drone camera over the forest one day
just trying to get like some aerial
shots of the forest and he saw something
that looked odd check it out for
yourself
so then after he noticed he decided to
get a closer
I'm not saying it's real I'm just saying
skirt shit this next video was taken off
of a TV now it was from the news there
was a really bad motorcycle accident a
family of three died and the lady was
talking on the news and then somebody
saw in the background in the cornfield
there was a black eyed child now where
this was this area that this was
happening there had been a lot of
reports of black-eyed children so
somebody saw this on the news and the
video taped it and zoomed in check it
out
I don't know about you that gave me the
chills I don't know every every time I
think about it like imagine watching the
news and then in the background being
like in a minute then a black eyed kid
oh now the last thing I'm going to talk
about what this theory is my own
personal story so I have never really
talked about this because I thought
people would think I was crazy I didn't
know what the black-eyed children--
theory was until like a year ago so this
is back when I was living in Long Beach
and I was probably in high school and it
was like really late at night probably
like 11:30 p.m. my mom was gone I was
the only person home and there was a
knock on my door so I opened my door and
it was a girl probably like 12 years old
really young and she was wearing
sunglasses she asked me if I wanted to
buy a magazine subscription which I had
had that happen to me before like people
wanted me to buy magazines or whatever
it's like a door-to-door thing but she
didn't have anything with her I when I
asked her I was like Oh where's like
your book of magazines she said I don't
have one do you want to help me now I
was like what so I told her no and then
she said can I come inside and I was
like no I don't understand what do you
want to come inside for you don't have
the magazines it's 11:30
I don't know what you want and then
really serious she just said to me
please
I want to come inside I was so freaked
out that I like couldn't breathe felt
like I shut down I was just staring at
her didn't know what to do I started
panicking she started slowly moving
closer to me I was like almost slowly
opening the door for some fucking reason
and then when I caught myself I was like
oh my mom's coming home no and then I
slammed the door now after that happened
I don't really think much of it I told
my mom about it and I was like some
little girl was here it was really weird
I feel like maybe her mom was like
forcing her to do this to get money like
it was long beach a lot of stuff like
that was happening it wasn't till years
later when I thought about it I heard
about this you know urban legend I was
like wait a minute she wearing
sunglasses to cover her black eyes and
what if the next step if I said no again
what if she was like oh really
I'd have been done so who knows but that
was my little sphere
black eyed children maybe let me know
down the comments if you've ever had any
experiences tell me some stories have
you ever heard any stories has anybody
in your family ever had an experience
Lebanon all I know is I believe in a lot
of crazy shit and there's something
about this that just feels real to me I
know that sounds crazy but I don't know
just feels real all right you guys I'm
gonna go hopefully you enjoyed the first
episode of me talking about urban
legends let me know down the comments
what other urban legends you want to
hear about I'll say this video a thumbs
up and subscribe because I make new
videos every day and I will see you guys
tomorrow watch out for the black-eyed
children they're coming what the hell is
it alright let's open her up let's do a
dissection okay so it's like me potato
onions some boogers some angry employee
Huggies and some tears oh okay it's not
bad
