Hanabi guys okay I'm very excited today
because I'm going to be trying
McDonald's breakfast food items oh ha
that's genuine excitement by the way no
I'm not getting paid to do this this is
not hashtag spawn Saul though I wish it
was I'm doing this because I have not
had this breakfast since I was a kid
mainly because I don't wake up that
early anymore but now since they're
doing like a whole all-day thing I can
go whenever I want and get some kind of
a meat substance inside of some kind of
a bun substance their food is basically
poppin cookin but who cares let's eat it
oh oh oh
now as I remember okay a little rank but
that's fine this is the Egg McMuffin um
this was my favorite let's see if it
still holds up oh god I hope it does Oh
oh she's wet it isn't she lovely isn't
she
dripping grease oh I love her oh she's
flaking all over me I love that okay
let's give it a bite I'm actually doing
like literally drooling okay here we go
mm broke my jaw there's a hair on it why
does that always happen to me
okay oh okay I must fit this out okay
here's the thing not as I remember them
not good not not good I'm depressed that
was sad that's like watching Jumanji
again which by the way was so good when
I was a kid i watch it recently
no comment just like not tasty at all
hard just kind of like a lunchable
but wetter and more expensive and it
kind of doesn't look that bad but when
you put all the items together it's
awful I don't think you hear that but I
mean it sounds like I'm playing with a
scrub daddy literally no difference
okay well that's depressing hopefully
the next thing will be good I'll have to
go get some Taco Bell breakfast which
honestly I'm terrified of a breakfast
waffle taco I don't know enough drugs
for that yogurt parfait okay I used to
be so jealous of my grandma because she
would get these all the time she would
tell me how regular kept her but not
reality anything at McDonald's is gonna
keep you regular because it's just gonna
clean you out okay what is this oh it's
little granola and then you put the
little granola on top mmm
this is healthy I mean you might as well
fucking Yogurtland geez alright here we
go go chunk of fruit what is that that's
not food oh that's a strawberry that's
been in here for three weeks
Oh God take her back to her home planet
oh look at her just squiggly okay here
we go oh she keeps living off all right
here we go
oh I'm scared okay I got this I got this
whoa oh oh fuck oh oh my god oh my god
okay here's the thing number one I have
a sweet tooth I love anything sweet out
of sugar I love just eating sugar from
the packet this is a sweetest thing I've
ever had and I've literally had 500
splendas in my iced tea on a daily no my
god how do people eat that that's
fucking crazy
that's like sweeter than any ice cream
have ever had any cold stone I've ever
had literally why would you eat that
when you go to cold some like you want
that instead of a birthday cake remix
what oh my god kind of wonder kids are
so fat no wonder I was so fat no wonder
my grandma was so fat oh that's
depressing and that's not fruit that's a
pie there's a pie in there okay let's
move on before I get too depressed what
is this they're burritos now I'm
confused now I've seen everything
oh no it's like a fake burrito oh it's
like a Mick read oh oh no what she like
on the inside
ooh ooh actually I didn't go live the
way she broke up or the way she melted
the way she wanted to keep holding on
ooh bitch all right here we go I'm not
mad at this one okay oh there's a lot of
stuff in there okay here's the thing
I didn't hate that that was like what
the hell's in it all right let's open
her up let's do a dissection okay so
it's like me
potato onions and boogers some angry
employee buggies and some tears oh okay
it's not bad that's the best thing I've
had so far and I'm very surprised cuz
what the fuck why do they have burritos
what's next if I pull out a piece of
pizza
my brains gonna explode oh okay this is
our second chance if you will I don't
make muffin this is the sausage McMuffin
now this is the one I always wanted to
get but my mom wouldn't let me get
because she's like you can't have that
much meat mom always drunk you in the
club all right let's see now this one is
just like the other McMuffin but there's
a big old slab of meat in it all right
here we go whoo oh oh
hmm Oh God this one's a bomb this one
I'm out pop sends it off
this one the cheese perfect it was
melted but not too melted you had the
egg that was like greasy but not too
greasy but then this patty I don't look
a fuck this is made out of it tastes
like a mixture of like sausage but also
blood but like in a good way like when
you're like fighting on a scab and then
like the scab starts to bleed you like
oh shit I gotta get out of the blood out
before I get blood on my clothes like
you're like damn bloody too bad I kind
of understand that part a little bit Oh
God so salty I should probably drink
less soda or more soda like that like I
would eat myself if I taste it like this
I just honestly eat myself if post mates
never came this good I'm not mad at this
I ain't hating on that I love in it all
right I think I only have one thing left
oh I got a little tray hot cakes ooh
what is a hot cake oh my god Oh little
pancakes
oh those feel weird but they're cute oh
my god on a little plate Oh
oh this is fun okay pour my little syrup
on my little pancakes oh look I'm a cook
oh fuck I never understood people who'd
be like bloop okay I'm done I'm a girl
babe oh my god yes Queen yes hot cake
God oh look at her oh what a picture
Instagram I'm gonna eat her like a
waffle taco hmm oh hey now hey no no no
this is what dreams mega oh my god oh
she's the best she is all bad the other
girls they don't even know this is
amazing I would eat this every day I
would be obese I would be nine thousand
pounds I'd have my own show on TLC but I
would eat this every day oh my god
that's good oh oh there guys go that was
me mm-hmm living my life
living my dream being goals
oh yeah I don't know the comments if you
like McDonald's breakfast also give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
every new videos every single day also
let me know what I should eat next
maybe I should try talking about
breakfast I don't know I'm
I've been sponsored by them before so I
don't want to piss them off but like
that waffle taco scares me but maybe
I'll try to test my fears
who knows let me know down the comments
alright I'm gonna go go I'm gonna finish
that I'm gonna finish that I'm gonna
throw that away I'm gonna burn that I'm
gonna shit that out
am I have fun see you guys later but
discovery zone was so scary they had
like all these um jungle gym things and
they had this room it was called the
room of spider webs and it was like
these bungees and shit and you jump in
and you fall down his fucking Bungie
room and I was so fat I wasn't allowed
in the Bungie room because they said it
was a Bungie room safety hazard they
said all little spiders have to be under
a hundred pounds well this little spider
was too fruity so yes Chuckie Cheese
would have been the place for me
