pants because yes it is that time again
where I go into Barnes and Nobles and
ask where's the YouTuber book section
and the lady goes really are you sure
you don't want the self-help section
we're talking again oh yeah youtuber
books sighs you guys know I wrote a book
it's called I hate myself it's available
now no move and I'm also writing my
second book right now it's not available
but it will be but I'm not the only
youtuber that's written book pretty much
every single one has written a book or
written a book so today would be
reviewing three more of them I have a
pewdiepie Tyler Oakley and Dan and Phil
so before I start just know I love all
these people if I did not love them I
would not be talking about their shit if
I did not like them I would be ignoring
their shit so before all y'all go crazy
in the comments is a Shane stopping can
find people just remember I'm Pro mowing
while making fun of them okay I'm an
awful person shut up beauty pie this
book is called this book loves you which
is the perfect title for a YouTube
audience because I mean honestly who
loves you you know what I mean this book
that's it
I'm kidding I love you too your parents
where are they why are they letting you
watch me they might not love you but
it's okay because this book does okay
the book starts with him standing in
front of a wall holding a thing that
says the most important thing in this
life is this book okay and then there's
a collage of a bunch of random people
and they all have pictures that say the
duck is coming what does that mean what
is it what is it up what up
whose duck his duck my duck what the
dock there's also a girl like standing
on top of a roof holding its sign that
says the duck is coming if I was driving
past that house I'd be like oh it's one
of those crazy cult people that's gonna
kill themselves for their savior who's
gonna get off my phone and snapchat
never forget that you're beautiful I
already forgot wait what okay wait oh so
this is like a book of memes pictures
ducks I'm confused
I'm confused by me give me chains just
like the Bible gays go to hell oh I'll
give it a chance okay this one says
don't be afraid to say how you feel
because no one is going to care anyway
that is very true I don't care like when
somebody's like oh nothing like I really
heard a like I'm just feeling really
down like I just can't snap out of my
funk the whole time they're telling me
that in my head all I hear is I wonder
if Taco Bell has a secret menu I mean I
know Starbucks have
menu but what if Taco Bell has a secret
menu ah I wonder if you could put lava
sauce on anything no yes I totally
understand oh my god I relate running
away from your problems won't make you
skinny that is very true you don't makes
you skinny though stress so if you just
stay in your problems and you're like
anxious and having anxiety attacks and
just like oh my God my life is over your
body's like burning calories
I'm always my skinniest when I'm the
most depressed I should really write a
self out book okay here's another the
duck is coming what the fuck what is
happened is he a cult leader did I not
know about this dispute if I have like a
cult of people who believe in like duck
gods I want to believe in a duck God if
the duck God could give me 40 million
subscribers I pray to it oh my god
here's the duck God again he's on a
cross I don't understand what does it
mean now I'm saying join us before it's
too late everywhere is this book like
brainwashing people I'm not gonna walk
outside and just see dots why is he in a
wig that's my thing okay how does it end
is it end with like a big duck taking
over the world
oh it just ends and says I lied this
book loves you I lied alright next is
the amazing book is not on fire this is
from a YouTube stars danisnotonfire and
amazingphil they're British they wear
all black and they have my hair from
five years ago
my goal in life is to get spit-roasted
by them if you don't know what that
means look it up ooh I love that a nice
way to start a book just looking down at
their phones don't give any fucks oh
okay they have facts about that damn 6-3
holy fuck he's 6-3 you know that means
Dan is not on fire but my ass is
favorite color is black Oh baby's
depressed baby relates weakness bags of
cashews oh oh my god me I just turned
into a fangirl me cashews are everything
I could literally eat a gallon of
cashews I don't know what I would do to
my insides I don't care though do
demands I would do it although did you
know if you melt down cashews that makes
cheese I think I'm high ok Phil ah he's
6 3 2 how did that happen how did they
meet were they both like walking down
the street one day they're like oh
you're the same height as me have you
the same way you speak we should be
friends where's your baby buns and they
just grabbed hands and trot it off
together I love that story ok this isn't
really a book either it's kind of a
it's more of a scrapbook there's a lot
of pictures in it it's very overwhelming
there's a lot going on okay let's get
through this together
Dan's high school life what was your
first day like absolutely terrifying
what was your favorite subject drama all
the way I mean how can you compete with
spending 45 minutes rolling around in a
theater room on office chairs and at the
end of the day when the teacher asks for
people to perform all you had to do was
say you were shy and you didn't have to
win boom free period what school did you
go to first of all why you rolling
around on office chairs where are you
you don't desks in England second of all
if I said I was shy in drama class I
could now what was your worst subject
games the word still strikes fear in my
heart
weight games what does that mean your
games in school your school had games
what does that mean my school had
shootings what is a game like sports
maybe that would make more sense oh yeah
okay rugby okay now I get it it's like
wait board games like I know Jenga
classes next you know how much I hate
that field I'm not as much as I hate
twister honestly I'm like creating this
British school in my head and it's
everything it's games is people rolling
around on office chairs sperm everywhere
I want to move England a little bit see
what fills high school was like my
favorite subject was art it was an
excuse to talk to people while I was
pretending to sketch a bowl of fruit I
remember covering my hands in black ink
wants to create a painting called the
death of dreams oh geez dark shit fill
big fill school life a little bit
different Dan's over there we're all
around aisle chairs playing with games
Phil's over here like the world is
pointless honestly I think filled with
the my school all right let's just look
at a couple more of these pictures oh my
god that's Phil's graduation picture
that's a fucking good one he looks like
a kid in Harry Potter who like doesn't
have magic powers like he's like oh you
you boys y'all can do magic Oh bogus no
I think I took the wrong bus I live
around here so I had to go to this
school because it was in the district
right right now I can cook no that's not
a power okay I can paint with my hand
that's now the power okay
I can make youtube videos anybody know
okay I'm just gonna drop out I don't
know what this is like Japanese porn but
won't you be bookmarking that checking
that out later they're naked they're
naked and they're floating
what is this oh and it ends with him oh
I love that begins with him ends with
him
and then it's over just like bye and
then you put me in the middle and I'm
spit-roasted once again look at that
okay last but not least I'm actually
really excited about this one it is
Tyler Oakley binge his book is similar
to mine because I think it's like a
collection of short stories which I
enjoy so I'm going to read a little bit
of it and hopefully make fun of it first
of all a lot of candy mm-hm
although it's old people candy like
let's keep it real girl if you're gonna
binge on candy you're gonna go to the
9ss store you're gonna go into the
chocolate aisle you're gonna get those
expired Reese's those Kit Kat those fun
times snicker bars and you're gonna fuck
it up you're not gonna go and get some
old people candy out of an old lady dish
nobody wants out except for the
strawberry ones oh my god the strawberry
ones they have like the strawberry
wrapper and then on the inside is like a
strawberry goo oh okay sorry
back to bitch Lulu she's all dressed up
I love that that's a little cover and
then when you take it off it's just a
little this little ditty with a little
side with little woo she's nice
oh I just saw in the back his little
mustache no candy mustache she's painted
like her I thought on my book cover I
was painted she heard I wonder how he
picked what hair color he was gonna do
he's like you know what I could do pink
I do seafoam I got a sky blue you know
now if I was gonna do white that way the
kids alike cuz they know me and then old
people buy because they'll be like oh
it's an old man and that's why he's like
scrunching up his face so you can look a
little older try to hit all the demos I
see you okay first chapter Matthew who
is a little picture of him in school
Tyler Oakley isn't my name what wait
what the fuck
my real name is Matthew Tyler Oakley
first of all Matthew Tyler Oakley that
sounds like one of those games like
Matthew Tyler Oakley dot what was that
one was like down bad is he short
licking on my face some guy just put his
finger in my asking I'm coming I came
home one day and told my parents I'm
gonna be Tyler I can see the happening
and then being like okay Queen and then
best seller when I was growing up the
most frightening birthday parties we're
hosted at Chuck E Cheese oh my god okay
Chuck E Cheese was a dream location for
birthday parties for my school but some
parties were hosted at Discovery Zone
which by the way are not around anymore
because kids were getting raped and
murdered in the ball pit look it up but
Discovery Zone was so scary they have
like all these um jungle gym things and
they have this
it was called a room of spiderwebs and
it was like these bungees and shit and
you jump in and you fall down his
fucking Bungie room and I was so fat I
wasn't allowed in the Bungie room
because they said it was a Bungie room
safety hazard they said all little
spiders have to be under a hundred
pounds well this little spider was too
fruity so yes Chuckie Cheese would have
been the place for me 20 things I would
do if I were Beyonce ooh
number one go door-to-door wife you're
Beyonce you don't need to go door to
door the doors come to you bitch
SAS people on Twitter you don't need to
be Beyonce to do that you seem to be oh
nice you go to Starbucks in a mask what
does that mean I'd order my usual grande
iced coffee with soy oh I didn't even
mean to groan but girl although I can't
talk my order at Starbucks is a venti
black iced tea with sugar free cinnamon
Dolce instead of natural sweetener just
a splash of nonfat milk tense Linda's
ten equals two sweet'n lows for the
bitterness and extra eyes so if you see
me to meet great better hook it up did
you hear that my computer's slap Dubai
on that note I think we're done my
computer just shut off everything in my
house hates me but you know what loves
me this book until he lie all right you
guys there you guys go make sure to get
all those books at Barnes & Nobles or
online I'll put the links down there
support youtubers who write books
because well it's fucking cool also my
book is available I hit my selfie and my
new book which I think I'm gonna title
it gets worse I just finished riding it
really really excited and that will be
available next year I love you guys hope
you have fun hand me up a name with you
make sure to visit a thumbs up and
subscribe I'm in a movie and I was are
you mom bye alright girl how's it coming
oh my god you look good girl don't worry
about it this is a facial
