a fandom name yeah why don't you just
work on this we need to name our sweet
fans who have been with us for so long
what was your ages was Alliant sleigh
gyres sleigh is on his way up yeah lit
is gone but so I awaken hey Shug hey
what's up you guys yes welcome back to
another creepy video now I don't know
about you but I think about death a lot
when is it gonna happen how is it gonna
happen well I see it coming death is all
around us and it's inevitable think
about it this way since you started
watching this video several people
around the world have died every single
day over a hundred and fifty thousand
people died around the world but today
we're not going to be talking about an
actual death we're gonna be talking
about what happens to the bodies
afterward now obviously some people are
buried some people are cremated but some
people's bodies get left in very strange
places I mean I'm talking suitcases
trash cans I mean there's even been
cases where people are being buried like
at the cemetery and during the funeral a
body part from somebody else in the
grave next to them will just pop out I
don't even know if I explained that
right so just watch the clip
Sandra Butler says she didn't think
losing her 85 year old father Cleveland
Butler could be any more traumatizing
than when it was on the day he died of a
stroke but then a week ago as she and
her family from Brooklyn went to bury
him in this picturesque New Jersey
Cemetery it got worse something invaded
the burial coming out of the dirt of his
grave as you see in this photo taken by
a relative it's a bear leg on another
corpse all right so let's start with
death vehicles so as I'm sure you
already know there are vehicles that
have to transport dead bodies to and
from different places and these are just
normal vehicles like for example mostly
they're just big white vans and just
like any other vehicle sometimes there's
malfunctions
sometimes those malfunctions lead to
this some residents say they thought it
was a joke but the coroner's office says
it was a problem with the Vans back door
yeah
in 2014 a corner van accidentally
dropped a body in the middle of a busy
street in Philadelphia cars litter
had to swerve out of the way to not hit
a dead body uh Monroe County Coroner Bob
Allen says there's no state regulation
on how to transport a body just that it
has to be done in a respectful and
secure way now not shockingly this
happens quite a lot I mean it happened
just a year ago in the middle of a busy
street in Cuba and if you do a deep dive
into the internet you can find a whole
bunch of pictures putties that fell off
of ants now this happened so much that
it's literally been parodied in like
movies and TV shows all the time now
luckily in most cases it doesn't end
that badly the driver realizes it they
turn around to get the body they put it
back in the band
but sometimes bodies get run over oh I'm
sorry I just thought about it it's it's
it's a mess all right now speaking of
bodies being left in weird places
this next one is crazy now I'm just
gonna start by saying I love Walmart not
as well just Target but I do have love
for her but this story makes me a little
scared of her because there was a body
left in a Walmart parking lot for weeks
the Spokane County Sheriff's Office
tells me they believe the body of the
woman that was found in this parking lot
earlier today is a woman that has been
missing in Spokane County for at least
the last several weeks earlier this
afternoon this is what scene looked like
how literally how can a body be left in
a busy parking lot for weeks and then I
did more research and no no it was
months that's right the body was left
there for three months
before somebody discovered it so
apparently there was a woman who
unfortunately had a drug overdose and
died inside of her car
now she was parked on the outskirts of
the parking lot she had her sun shades
down so I guess this one-time thing kind
of makes sense but it happens law
officials made a horrific discovery
overnight in a Walmart parking lot in
San Antonio Texas eight people dead in
the back of a sweltering truck yeah
eight more people dead and that's just
the beginning
here's another one whose update
investigators working to identify a man
whose body was found in a south Tulsa
Walmart parking lot
when officers arrived they found the
body inside badly decomposed now that
one turned out to be a guy that was
living in his car who then died in his
car and was there for a month and
weirdly a few years earlier something
very similar like that happened in Santa
Fe Santa Fe County sheriff's deputies
found that marine 48 year old Ron stark
dead and naked inside a car at the
Walmart parking lot those signs that the
body had been there for an extended
period of time
police say as long as a month but even
creepier in another Walmart parking lot
in Kansas City there was a man and woman
found dead together inside of their SUV
then there's another story of a body
that was found behind a Walmart in New
Mexico and it was in horriffic condition
we can confirm that the individual was
missing their head and other parts of
their body police say the man was
decapitated and missing his genitalia
and if that's not enough for you here's
another one now I know you're thinking
Shane all of these happen in parking
lots so it's not technically Walmart oh
well I forgot to tell you about this a
woman's body is found inside a Walmart
bathroom and if you're wondering she was
in that bathroom for three days
employees literally put an out of order
sign on the stall because it was locked
and they just thought maybe it was
broken they had no idea that there was a
decomposing body inside on the toilet
now listen Walmart I'm not trying to
drag you
but what either way I'm not trying to
make jokes and all respect to the
families of any of these Walmart victims
but oh my god how is this happening okay
now this next thing we're going to talk
about is almost creepier than Walmart
bodies because we're gonna be talking
about the remains of a dead person that
are put inside of teddy bears hi my name
is Teddy Ruxpin yeah a lot of people
cremate a body right and turn it into
ashes and choose to put them inside of a
heavy bear now first of all that sounds
like the plot of a very scary movie that
I would love to see but it is very real
I mean listen the
of scattering somebody's ashes in a
place that they used to love is really
sweet and I love that for me personally
I would like my ashes scattered just all
over a Taco Bell and some people even go
farther and they like turn ashes into
jewelry like making diamond necklaces
out of a person's body but then it takes
it just like one step too far with this
teddy bear situation now listen I don't
want to make fun of this I think it's
sweet but it gives me the chills now
here is a kind of scary side effect of
this whole situation
sometimes these teddy bears end up at
thrift stores and then people buy them
and then later on realize that there's a
dead body inside that's right a 15 year
old boy named Joshua Scott and his mom
discovered that one of the Bears they
bought it at thrift store for their
little sister had human remains inside
of it another in the process of trying
to find out who those remains belong to
so they can give him back and then
recently in Oregon a mother lost her
teddy bear that had her daughter inside
of it I mean it's a piece of my daughter
that's yeah now she's been going
door-to-door even checking dumpsters for
the missing bear and she posted a plea
on Facebook as well but luckily a few
weeks later they found it but this
happens surprisingly a lot I mean this
gas station owner found one of the Bears
that had ashes inside of it at his gas
station inside the tummy of this teddy
is this a gold container holding what
appears to be ashes it looks like a
little urn like it's a shiny little
gold-plated urn so I guess the moral of
that story is if you find a teddy bear
anywhere just like investigate before
you give it to your child okay so that
was kind of funny and light-hearted but
this next story is not back in 2013
something happened to a high-school boy
named Kendrick Johnson and it all
started with him losing a shoe go
outside go now there's a dead body out
here okay we're answer loud high school
old gym how the body in question was
dead and it was the body of Kendrick he
jumped into the huge fitness matica
tissue
got stuck and he was unable to breathe
Lowndes County Georgia investigators say
Kendricks death was a tragic accident
that he climbed onto these rolled gym
mats to reach for this shoe at the
center of one Matt slipped got stucked
upside down and died County officials
say the blood in this photo spilled
after Kendricks heart had stopped
pumping hours after he had died after
several months of them fighting England
back and forth
Kendricks parents were certain that this
was a murder there's enough evidence to
show that Kendra was murdered so they
exhumed the body from the grave so that
they could do another autopsy now this
is where it gets really dark during the
second autopsy they discovered that all
of Kendricks organs have been taken out
and replaced with newspaper so what
exactly did the Harrington funeral home
do with Kendricks organs and why was he
stuffed with old newspaper now the
funeral home is stating that Kendricks
organs were destroyed by like natural
causes so they just discarded them and
this is something that does happen and
funeral homes tend to stuff bodies full
of rice or cotton or things to kind of
fill the body out but Kendricks family
still believes that there's something
going on and that their son was murdered
now either way one thing is for sure
this was tragic and awful and Kendrick
won't be missed and hopefully soon the
family will get some closure okay now
this next thing I have talked about
before but it was like two years ago I
think so a lot of you guys might not
know about it so I'm gonna go even more
in depth this is the mystery the British
Columbia this is just the latest twist
in this bizarre mystery one that
forensic experts have been unable to
explain the other three feet were found
on Gabriel Island Jedidiah Island and on
nearby Valdez Island early on it started
with just a few feet but as the years go
on hikers in British Columbia Canada
found a dismembered foot inside of a
running shoe tonight with a mystery
unfolding on a BC beach a human foot has
once again been discovered 13 feet 13
separate feet have washed up on shore
now as the mystery continues
feet keep appearing people are making a
lot of theories most people believe
because a lot of the feet are inside
running shoes that it is a serial killer
who is targeting people who are running
across the bridge we have to be aware
that these could be homicide victims
well the fear of a foots every killer
grips the public imagination
investigators turn to science as for now
the police have said it is not a serial
killer and that there's no evidence if a
body has been dismembered with a blade
it will leave telltale marks on the bone
there are no blade marks now police
believe it's because of accidents or
suicides where people are jumping into
the water or falling into the water and
then their bodies dissolve and the shoe
rises to the surface and supposedly this
happens worldwide it does happen on
other coastlines around the world it's
not unusual so you might never know
exactly what happened but either way or
you get into the water
check for shoes all right now this next
thing involves something that's very
close to my heart and that's a Jeep
alright so in 2009 a woman went missing
in Detroit now the woman was kind of
reclusive so nobody was really looking
for her or realized she was gone for a
while they just knew that her house was
abandoned and her car was gone it's been
years since anyone living on Savannah
saw the woman who owns this home when's
the last time anybody saw her about six
years ago well then the situation took a
very scary turn but today neighbors here
in Pontiac found out the owner has been
here the whole time inside the garage in
the back seat of her Jeep dead but
nobody really questioned where she went
when she was missing because she was
always traveling people just assumed she
was gone
she was probably there for a couple days
then she'd like lead for a week then
she'd come back and she's leave for a
month and she'd come back but for years
and years all she was doing was slowly
decaying in her garage the owner has
been dead for so many years
that our sources say her body was
mummified that's right her body was so
decayed it had been left in the garage
for so long that they couldn't even do
an autopsy
so her cause of death is still
stream so it makes you think did
somebody kill her did they know that
nobody would be looking for her did they
target her specifically because of that
because they knew they could get away
with it or did she just heart attack and
die either way if there's somebody in
your neighborhood who kind of keeps to
themselves but you don't see them for
like I don't know a week please look
into it knock on their door because they
might be rotting in their car there you
guys go hopefully you enjoyed that
creepy video and once again I just want
to say no disrespect men to the families
or anybody that was involved in any of
these awful situations I just love
talking about dark and twisted stuff and
I know you guys like it too
all right you guys I'm gonna go make
sure to give this video a thumbs up if
you want more creepy videos also make
sure to subscribe to my channel right
down below the notification about
because I make new videos every day and
if you want to see my last couple creepy
videos I've done once about the scariest
accounts on Instagram and a video about
fangirls who've murdered I'll put a link
to both of those in a playlist or at the
top of description below so remember
whether you're on the road or in a
Walmart parking lot or even in your own
neighborhood keep her eyes open because
you never know when a dead body will
appear bye
