hey guys so this is probably the dumbest
thing I've ever done and you might watch
me burn down my apartment so thumbs up
I love deep frying I've never deep-fried
anything in my life but I love looking
at people deep fried stuff I love county
fairs I love anything crispy so I went
to the cooking store and I bought a mini
deep fryer and I asked you guys on
Twitter what I should fry and you guys
said a Barbie doll now listen I wanted
to actually fry food but I'm gonna do
this because feel like it's a good way
to start and I won't be tempted to eat
it unless you look real good okay so
first things first I'm going to fill
this thing with oil I think I didn't
read the instructions
all right I'm cooking that's a lot of
oil
okay well that did not fill it up at all
so I'm gonna get another bottle all
right here we go feel like Guy Fieri
except not at all like AI Fiori thank
God okay well I need more geez don't ask
why I had so much oil I honestly don't
know oh it's going everywhere okay this
is such a bad idea all right it's fine
we'll do it for the vlog all right now
it's time to plug it in oh my god I'm
scared all right let's do this please
God don't let me die start nothing
happened
okay you guys didn't see that but it was
30 minutes of me trying to figure it out
I figured it out
oh my god I'm so scared okay french fry
I don't know there's no there's no
Barbie option okay custom I'm good with
that
and start oh my god is working oh I'm
scared okay I'm gonna cover it okay now
it's time to make the mixture so I have
seen diners drive-ins and dives
five million times so I know that when
you deep fry something you dip it in
eggs and then you dip in flour and then
you dip it in there and then Guy Fieri
goes oh shit that's what we're gonna do
one egg two eggs okay that should be
enough and then it just scrambled these
okay so here's the little pool for our
Barbie with our girl okay so let's just
roll her around
oh girl you still look good all right
let's make sure we get all of it we take
her clothes off I feel like that's like
a fire hazard okay let's take her
clothes off this is payback for never
being able to play with Barbie when I
was a kid fuck Hot Wheels
nobody likes Hot Wheels we like hot
bitches all right
now she's ready for her bath yeah it's
like a bath bomb but eggs and you're not
real
ate it all right I think she's good now
I'm just gonna pour some flour onto this
plate and then that is what we are going
to dip her in I'm literally that scary
kid from Toy Story remember him when
he's all grown up and it's right here
all right girl time to get you dressed
for the Oscars all right oh you look
good oh my god I told you to give up the
crack not worth it
you were so pretty all right so once
you've got her all dusted looking
fabulous
we were just going to dip her in the
fryer I'm honestly terrified I know I'm
like making jokes and shit but I'm kind
of scared I've heard really bad stuff
happening with deep fryers I've heard
people burning down their houses I've
heard people getting their whole lives
destroyed so thumbs up okay it's heating
up it is going up every second we are
waiting for it to get to 250 I think I
think that's her temperature with hot
it's bubbling oh my god I'm scared okay
okay we got this we can do this next
time can we please do Taco Bell or
something something good also doesn't
burning plastic put off like fumes that
kill people once again
thumbs up okay I probably shouldn't put
her in with my hands so I'm just going
to use these what am I doing with my
life you know what she could use a
little bit more let's just kind of there
we go perfect Instagram that time you
won't see on connor franta speed oh my
god it smells like McDonald's oh I'm
getting excited all right it's ready oh
okay that's a lot oh my god oh my god
okay we're doing this we're doing this
we're doing this this is what dreams
made of okay here we go
Barbie I'm so sorry that I'm doing this
to ya oh my god oh my god noises are
happening okay here we go here we go
here we go oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god please don't burn my
house stuff I'm P son burn my house down
oh my god oh my god which you don't fit
girl you need to be more bendy
Oh oh my god this is so depressing yeah
this is this is a saddest thing I've
literally ever seen in my life oh my god
this isn't dark ass shit oh oh girl just
pretend it's a bath bomb Oh
with a smell away isn't that toxic okay
I'll just breathe later oh my god it's
working oh my god it's working should I
cover her no yes okay sorry
maybe I should have like a fan on I'm
getting really lightheaded in my time I
think I died oh this isn't good
I'm not open up a window okay how you
doing girl ooh
oh no she's looking busted as fuck
all right girl how's it coming oh my god
you look good girl don't worry about it
it's just a facial oh my God look at her
arms whoa feel like we should turn her
up a bit let's go up to ooh fish all
right let's try some fish girl you are
looking fishy tonight she always takes
so long you ready
oh yeah Barbie oh shit I forgot the
deep-fryer shoes well now her outfits
not gonna match honestly what if I try
it what it's good what if this is my new
thing you know like fuck Chipotle it's
all about the deep-fried Barbies oh I'm
gonna open up my door - I shouldn't
fight my neighbors over for dinner and
just see what happens
know what cook this for you all right
let's see how she's doing oh no oh she's
all the lamb we should flip her over you
know we want to make sure she matches oh
god she's stuck oh shit oh shit oh now
she's bendy as fuck look at her like a
synchronized swimmer oh my god oh my god
that's honestly the scariest thing I've
ever seen in my life
Oh oh shit oh my god oh we have my bears
okay I think we should turn it off I'm
starting to get nervous you go let's
give up oh my god oh alright we've hit
the temperature let's see how she is
dinner served oh oh my god why oh girl
oh my god let's take her out all right
here we go oh shit
Oh oh my god
you I'm crying I'm gonna cry oh this is
so sad
okay well there you are over there girl
get your other leg don't worry I got it
oh there it is
it's crispy oh my god whoo-hoo all right
guys I had to go to my bedroom to get
away from the smell cuz I was trying to
get high from it but uh dinner served oh
my god honestly though I'm not gonna lie
it smells like McDonald's that looks
like a nugget I might fuck with that let
me get on my really high-tech gloves
perfect all right so let's just move
that over all right she looked good that
is interesting
oh it's so hot oh my god Wow pretty
hurts yeah
that's crazy this is like a like after
like a crazy car crash or something Wow
oh my god it looks like fucking chicken
this is crazy I kind of want to eat it
I'm not gonna eat it I kind of want to
eat should I eat it
okay I'm gonna eat it alright guys here
we go I'm gonna take a little nibble oh
my god can you imagine gonna McDonough's
me like oh god I just love your chicken
nuggets ah all right here we go I don't
know what I was expecting but uh I got a
chunk of hair oh my god oh my god zero
out of five stars on Yelp mm-hmm want my
money back that's awful okay guys my
official review of the deep fryer Barbie
is that Chipotle's better well you guys
go those big deep frying of Barbie which
was the dumbest idea ever so thank you
for that make sure you leave a comment
down below tell me what I should eat
friend next I really want to deep fried
Taco Bell or maybe like a donut or I
don't know something edible so let me
know I'll take give this video a thumbs
up and subscribe cuz I mean individual
day I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
all right so see what yours is mine is
long which is good that means good
health but mine also has a little broken
line at the bottom which I guess means
not going to have some struggles which
I've already have that but I guess I'll
be having more well this is depressing
