hello my name is Lexus geez all and
welcome to bond calm when we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet a recent craze that has been
sweeping the Internet is a very specific
style of video made using a brand new
the app is used to make under 30 second
collisions of quick acapella videos that
you can make by yourself using nothing
more than your voice in your phone of
choice I rhymed I should make an
acapella rap
I can also beatbox I'm so musically
gifted so today we're going to dive into
the world of acapella videos and watch a
few together so we can get a feel for
what they are and then after I
understand what they are I'm going to
make one of my very own but my computer
right here and I'm going to go straight
to youtube and look up acapella singing
videos from the app from the app gonna
find some okay the first thing I found
is a funniest slash best slash singing
acapella app videos vine compilation
2015 HD most funny if it says it's most
funny fun it better be most funny Oh
what are you doing I'm singing why are
you singing better what would you do why
am i singing think I your natural to
sing I'm gonna say next
cappella singing at singing vids
question mark
I really enjoyed their alternative use
of cookie sheets I never would have
thought to use cookie sheets to
replicate the sounds in fifth harmony
song or worth it but um apparently you
can and she is pulling it off like a
band-aid our cappella singing songs
funny ah search I really like her use of
angles
oh that was it I was really I was really
just starting to get into it after
watching these acapella videos I feel
like I have a creative artistic idea of
exactly what people are doing on this
app so I'm going to take it into my own
hands and attempt to create my very own
acapella app singing accomplished in
video question mark Oh doo da doo da doo
da da da da doo da da da da do da 2.7
hours I play my song so limit cheap
I gotta jump off the girl to thank you
guys for watching if you enjoyed this
episode of Bob come give it a thumbs up
and be sure to check out the latest
video over on my youtube channel there
will be a link in the description
question of the day have you used the
acapella app before and if so what do
you think of it are you not a newfound
musical genius let me know ending me a
comment I'll see you next week with a
brand new episode bang calm Saul good
