hey it's Abbi guys so it is no secret
that I am a fan of the paranormal I love
psychics
I love Ouija boards I love urban legends
I love all of that shit and lately I've
been embracing that more on my channel
and hopefully you guys have been
enjoying that so today I thought I would
take it a step further and try to tell
my own fortune now I love palm readings
I go get my palm read all the time I
think it's really cool really fun
usually ends with them telling me that
in my near future
I really need a fucking manicure because
fuck she crusty I thought it'd be fun if
I taught you guys and myself how to read
my own palm so I have this step-by-step
guide and I'm going to do it right now
okay so you guys can do it with me the
first step is to choose a hand so
whatever your dominant hand is is your
past and your present so for me that
would be my right and then your other
hand is your future so there's four main
lines on your hands a hard line to
headline the life line and the Fate line
first it define the heart line so my
heart line is right here so the hard
line deals with your love your emotional
stability and while your cardiac health
which mine's probably not great okay so
now I'm just gonna match what my line
looks like to the graph to see what I
got so mine is long and curvy which
means that I freely express my emotions
and feelings that's very true so look at
your hand and I'm going to tell you what
your line means this means you're
content with your love life this means
you're selfish when it comes to love
this means you've all in love very
easily this means you really care about
romance this means you are easily
heartbroken this means like me you love
expressing your emotions this means you
have a good handle on your emotions this
means you have a lot of lovers but not
that many long-term relationships this
means you have a lot of sadness and
depression this one means that you have
emotional trauma in your life and this
one also means emotional trauma and a
lot of distress so hopefully you got a
good one and if you didn't sorry about
it the next line is called the head line
which deals with communication how smart
you are how much knowledge you want and
how spontaneous you are so my line looks
like this which means that oh I have a
lot of creativity that makes sense so
look at your hand and let's see what
line you got this one means you prefer
physical achievements over mental ones
this one like me it means you're very
creative this one means you have
adventure and an enthusiasm for life
this one means you have a very short
attention span this one made you think
clearly and are very focused focus on me
focus on me sorry good no this one means
you think realistically this one means
you have an emotional crisis and this
one means you have many
consistencies in your thoughts so next
we're going to talk about the life line
so the life line is the one that goes
like this from your thumb to your wrist
so this one reflects your health your
well-being and also major life changes
so mine goes all the way around which
means ooh strength and enthusiasm that's
half true
all right so find yours on your hand and
let's see what you got this means you're
often tired this means you have plenty
of energy this one means vitality this
one means you're very manipulated by
others this one means like me of
strength and enthusiasm this one means
you're cautious when it comes to
relationships this one means you have
extra vitality this one means you've
been hospitalized or injured and this
one means you've had a sudden change in
lifestyle alright so now we are going to
do the faint line now the Fate line is
kind of hard to see mine is pretty faded
but it's the one that kind of goes in
the middle of your hand so mine means
that I am strongly controlled by fate
actually makes a lot of sense to look at
your hand and let's figure out what you
got this one like me is strongly
controlled by fate this one means that
you make a lot of changes you're in life
because of outside forces this one means
your self made individual and you
developed your aspirations and your goal
is pretty early on in your life and this
would mean you have a lot of support of
your family and friends okay so that was
your past in your present I don't know
about you mine was pretty accurate so
now we are going to do the other hand
and that is going to be your future so
we're going to look at your heart line
again remember that is the one that goes
pretty much from here to here and these
are the options if you have a long heart
line that means that in the future
you're going to be very dependent on
another person and you have a lot of
idealistic thoughts about what a
relationship should be if you have a
short line that means that in your life
here would be very self-centered if you
have a very deep line that means that
you are probably going to be pretty
stressed out in life maybe you take
things a little too seriously if your
line is kind of hard to see it means
that you are sensitive and you kind of
have a weakness and you take things
really to heart if you have a straight
line that means you have very intense
feelings and that's going to continue if
your line is broken that means that you
are going to have a lot of troubles in
your relationships if your line is like
forked that means that you are going to
have a big heartbreak possibly divorce
and if you don't have a line if it's
like actually impossible to see that
means that you are all logic and no
heart which is interesting and it's not
bad it just means that you're all about
this and not as much about this so mine
is
see Oh No oh this is bad fuck well mine
is forked which means I'm forked that
means I'm gonna have a heartbreak or a
divorce
I've already had a heartbreak so maybe
that's it it's all so long so maybe that
means oh no that means I'm dependent on
another person so that's great so there
we have it so look to see what yours is
hopefully it's better than that headline
once again that is the second one so if
it's long it means you're gonna be
ambitious if it's short it means you're
very intelligent and that's going to
help you in life if it's deep that means
you have a very good memory and you're
going to remember a lot of things in the
future if it's faint and hard to see
that means you do not have a good memory
if it's broken that means you're gonna
have a lot of disappointment if it's
chained and has little spaces that means
you're gonna have a lot of mental
confusion if it's 4 that means you're
gonna have a big career change if it's a
double line that means you're very
talented
and they're gonna be using your talents
in life and if it's gone that means
you're lazy alright let's see if I can
find it probably not so mine is mine is
sure oh that means I'm intelligent and
I'm gonna use that my future oh thank
god I'm gonna be heartbroken but I don't
be smart about it so look to see what
yours is hopefully it's good now we're
do the lifeline now that is the one that
goes from here to here if it's long and
that means you're gonna have good help
if it's deep that means you're gonna
have a smooth life if it's hard to see
that means you're gonna have kind of a
low energy life not much going on which
is not a bad thing if it's broken and
you're gonna have a lot of struggles and
possibly a lot of losses it has spaces
that means you're gonna have multiple
walks meaning that your life has many
paths like that if it's forked that
means you're gonna have a lot of changes
in your life that kind of come out of
nowhere and throw you off your course
but that's not a bad thing that could be
a good thing if you have two lines that
means that you have a partner or
soulmate that is always going to be able
to be there for you take care and if
your line is gone that means your life
is going to be a lot of anxiety and a
lot of nerves fine I can't believe
mine's not gone
alright so see what yours is mine is
long which is good that means good
health but mine also has a little broken
line at the bottom which I guess means
not going to have some struggles which
I've already had that but I guess I'll
be having more well this is depressing
so let me know down in the comments how
it went for you let me know how your
past and present went and
you wimp this is kind of cool I don't
know maybe I will have like a psychic
come on and like actually do a real
reading and teach us more about this
because I just find it so fascinating
all right you guys there we go that was
us learning how to palm read make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day all right you guys I
love you and I will see you later I
promise
even though my heart line says I'm not
gonna be around that much longer I'll be
here tomorrow and the next day and the
next day and the next day how that I say
Mike this is too much oh my god oh my
god wait look up every day do the ponies
turn into people okay we're leaving that
video first of all why
