like yesterday I was at Bath & Body
Works trying to find a pumpkin spice
latte candle and somebody asked me if
I'd worked there like sometimes my life
is fucked hey you guys yes it is that
time again to test whether or not I have
emotions whether or not I'm a robot with
a really bad skin body and also really
bad hair let's not talk about it right
now it's bad today I'm going to be doing
to try not to cry challenge again I
think I cried last time I don't remember
I tend to block out those memories but
hopefully today I won't cry and I'll win
or lose depending on your thoughts on
life let's go okay so this first video
is called the saddest video ever so
let's see what happens
a little dear oh I know where this is
going oh just trotting along little cute
song little Jack Johnson oh look at her
strut is she late shots
oh no that's mom oh shit oh my god no I
don't do well with animals oh my god oh
no shit mama girl mom wake up oh oh oh
oh he saw it he was like mama girls
wasn't gonna chick-fil-a Sunday oh now
he's smelling it mama girl okay that's
what's up
is that how like he wakes revving
morning like Easter ass a little bit cuz
I will try to oh oh no oh now he's just
chilling is Aishah wake up
she's drunken she does this a lot mom
gets crazy
oh no whoo daddy's home oh shit daddy's
home it's not good it's not good girl
get out get out oh no what's gonna
happen it's that oh my god if it eats it
I'm gonna die oh my god oh my god I'm
gonna die oh my god I'm having a panic
attack what's happening is he gonna shit
on it
okay that's fucked oh okay okay you just
like what okay first of all why is this
company putting this up there like let's
advertise our company we should do let's
get a sad ass video of a deer's mama
dying and then elephant walking by
giving no Fox oh that's so sad okay I
didn't cry I could have but I didn't
okay this is called the saddest MLP
video you'll ever watch I don't know
what that means
but hopefully makes me cry oh no what is
that is an alien what is that what is
happening wait what
what what is this hmm
oh that's an MLP means my little pony oh
my god this is too much oh my god oh my
god
wait look up every day do the ponies
turn into people okay we're leaving that
video first of all what second of all no
offense to the bronies I know a lot of
bronies watch me and I love the bronies
but that that was too much
by the way it's shown up in the related
videos next to this I hate myself II -
they're like saddest video ever oh yeah
this sad ass motherfucking a fat suit
okay next okay this is called saddest
boy ever oh no oh my god I remember this
oh my god okay for those who don't
remember Jenny Jones was a talk show and
she would have on these like bad
teenagers and then like boot camp guys
would come in and yell at them I make
the teenagers better I don't know how
that work and I remember this episode oh
my god I'm gonna cry I'm actually I
remember crying when I was a kid okay
here we go you guys are gonna see me you
guys are gonna see tears you're gonna
see it you want me to be your daddy for
the next eight years son Oh
over the bed oh you have no daddy well
let me tell you something Oh girl crying
I remember when that happened this about
to take a turn is about to take a dark
turn
I remember when that happened that video
well that show was on god I was probably
like probably his age or maybe a little
bit older and I remember I had just you
know my dad had just left and and all of
that and I'm ever seeing that and I
remember being like I wanna I want a
daddy who yells at me well know who
yells me but I want to are me daddy - oh
that's sad
well there you go I lost the challenge
but you know what no I didn't win
anything that was awful boy hands go
hopefully enjoy I'm gonna go give this
video a thumbs up and I'll stop crying
maybe I don't know probably not also
make sure to subscribe because I make
new videos every single day and I hope
you guys enjoy crime with me I did not
enjoy crying with you leave me a comment
down below letting me know what video
you cried out or if you cried at all or
if you just cried laughing at my sadness
so okay bye
I guess oh you ill bill oh my god wait
let's really finish this baby off I'm
just a pretty lady getting pretty for my
man
