so then we went up to his room and lay
down on his futon and he started
fingering me and then I got my period
it was so embarrassing hey guys now
there's been a trend going on on YouTube
right now where guys try girls products
and since I am the guy aliased guy on
YouTube I would say the man of YouTube
like if you do had a dick it would be so
I should try all these girly products
because they're all so fucking girly and
so fucking creepy gross and like I would
never touch these things because I'm a
man
oh just like it got answer this oh it's
my friend drew egg wave know what totes
obvi no no no Shelley no jelly Carson no
jelly on toes no toast
covered in jelly toes tater tots okay
all hail the Queen right what we're
drama oh that's right I'm a man so I
went to the 99-cent store and I got a
dish filled with a girl crowd would that
be gross if I actually held up like a
dish filled with girl human feces let's
put it on the face no I got a bunch of
random shit in the girls section I don't
really know what half of it is but I'm
going to try it out we're gonna see what
happens first I'm gonna start with this
I've always been very curious this is a
nose cleansing strip you put it on your
nose and it removes all the blackheads
now I don't know if I have blackheads I
know I don't clean myself so probably
got it how to use their really wash your
face no dry your hands they're always
with wet your nose with water done apply
strip - moistened area okay and then
wait 10 minutes all right here we go all
right so I'm just gonna leave this on
for the next ten minutes and then I'm
gonna reveal to you hopefully a brand
new nose warm touch this is what is this
oh shit oh my god I thought this was
like a girl product I mean it is this I
think is this is Lube to make your pussy
hot and I have never been around a hot
pussy before I make them real cold
definitely going to use this let's see
remove cap and squeeze squeeze tube to
obtain desired amount of jelly apply
jelly to the body wherever desired
I could do this put it on my ass I don't
know my neck I don't know why I need to
lube up my neck although have you ever
seen one man one horse well there's a
sequel and he puts his entire head in an
ass probably gonna use the warming touch
pass check spots all right here we go
oh yeah no smells like pussy okay let's
just put on my hand see what happens oh
whoa all right goopy mmm oh look at that
that reminds me of something okay and
then what do we do just wait oh my god
it's burning oh my god it's getting so
hot so fast oh my god that's weird
oh I'm gonna carry that around with me
like you know like sometimes I just get
cold like I'm so skinny and like so tiny
it's so cold just rub this shit all over
me who needs a sweater so sweater
whether it's warm touch whether as check
spots the pretty Mountain Pose actually
someone sponsor I would take it girl
needs to pay her bills I mean boy I mean
man I'm a man ahh bling string this is
supposed to go in your hair and make you
have a bling head what that means but
I'm all about it it says it's great for
parties proms and weddings I'm gonna
take a wild guess if you wear bling
string to the wedding you're the girl
who's never getting married you're the
girl who everybody hates you're the girl
who went asurs yeah yeah comes on
everybody goes off fuck here calm is
bling string bitch again we know it's
your song you can have it god I hate
that bitch okay how does it work I don't
know if you can even see it just a
little string and then you Oh for real
are they kidding me with this shit just
tie or clip it to your hair can you see
my bling string you know what it looks
like it's like Oh Shane has some shit in
his hair somebody get it out waste of
money doesn't even stay how am I
supposed to get my fucking bling on if
it won't even stay on that's terrible
fuck you bling strange a waste of a
dollar you know what I'm gonna bond for
a dollar more Lube pregnancy test um boo
this is fun I know obviously I'm not
gonna be pregnant but if I am I got
enough coat hangers to fix a problem but
I've never actually seen one of these or
like used one or see what I use very
curious about like what happens okay so
urinate in disposable cup there's no cop
remove strip from the pouch perform the
test immediately okay if there's two
lines is positive one line is negative
all right so I am gonna go pee and maybe
I'll have a child if anybody in the
world should have children it's me all
right I dipped it I'm actually nervous
why am i nervous I'm like scared I'm
like what if I'm the first pregnant man
how do you wait it
nothing's happening oh there it is hold
on wait what okay okay what the fuck
okay first of all on the back two lines
equal pregnant that's two lines what
what does that mean
I can't be a daddy I'm gonna be a tivity
Oh mommy daddy
I need a knife you know what I'm just
gonna let it pass just like a big ol
poop I'm just gonna hope pops out just
flush it down the toilet I can't have a
baby not yet
I so much I want to do before I have
children you know like more nummy yummy
fails and more tasting weird pop-tarts I
have a life douche
this is a douche I am so excited I don't
think I've ever actually seen a douche
I've seen like do I have Usha's and
videos but I've never like really looked
at it seemed like what it does this one
is Island Splash so it's the Rihanna of
douches whoo look at that oh wait
doesn't whirring on the back do not
douche to prevent pregnancy well it's
too late for that
do not do Sh after exposure to an STD
why wouldn't it just clean it up enjoy
being a woman no no this doesn't look
very enjoyable it looks like one of
those squeeze it remember squeeze and
squeeze it and it was listening to you
pop it out later
I just put my mouth on that you don't
know okay oh god I'm scared
okay wait anything that looks like a
vagina perfect okay so let's just
nothing's happening wait this makes the
no sense oh my god is that safe that's
more like laundry detergent oh if I had
a vagina I would not want to smell like
that I wouldn't want some guy going down
on me and being like ooh could you just
do your hands you just did your laundry
yeah that smells good you know I need do
my laundry give me the quarters okay
it's not working nothing it's nothing's
happening
this is how you do it I've seen people -
alright fail oh shit it's probably time
oh my god nervous ready one two three ah
ow oh oh my god oh my god there's a
couple things there's a lot of little
thingies I don't know if you can see
them probably not but there's something
he's on it not a lot not as many as I
thought probably cuz I just put spit on
my nose cool just my nose it's weird
did I fuck it up Wow alright I might
actually try that later like for real
moisten and gloves yeah who would do
this what does this even mean so it's
just like a wet glove oh shit that's a
serial killer shit oh oh this makes me
sad this makes me sad that some woman
probably ran to the 99-cent store and
said shit I need some moistening gloves
because these babies are crusty and then
she went home and just slipped this baby
on just laid back in her sad little
chair and was like one day the men will
love me but that day is not today so get
to work so depressing last but not least
we have my hands you know what they're
real soft okay I hate it on a Jew soon
ah this is a mask that you put on your
face similar to the gloves I guess which
should feel pretty good
oh I don't want to do this you oh it's
drippy drip drip oh no oh no okay Shane
do it for the video do it for the vlog
oh my god doing for the thumbs thumbs
ups Mon guys it's good to spend yo to
500 million thumbs up okay here we go oh
fuck oh it's real wet this is like what
I used to do baloney
you ever do that were you like two
little holes here baloney be like I'm
crazy
no just me okay right here we go Oh - I
hate it I hate it I hate it so much oh
my god oh I look like The Scream guy but
like not the cool screen guy like the
shitty on TV version Oh bill bill oh my
god wait let's really finish this baby
off I'm just a pretty lady getting
pretty for my man this is what the guys
don't see the girls at home with their
masks and their gloves just do shit up a
storm oh this is what the girl really
looks like on
I can't I'm done Oh God being a girl so
hard and I got to give birth soon
that'll be easy what I guys ago that was
me trying girl products Lee doesn't
comments down below but I did try next
any other girly things or maybe I should
try manly things cuz I've never done
that
posting this video thumbs up and
subscribe cuz imma give you a
several-day and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
I'm wet okay I'm gonna go bye guys oooh
oh my god okay first of all this is a
very angry song it sounds fun but it's
not the lyrics were literally you're
fake you're fake I hate you goodbye good
riddance and as you a half fuck
