and then I grabbed this sheet and I
lifted it it was a guy my boyfriend is
gay hey guys yes today I'm going to be
reacting to kpop I've never seen it
before I don't know anything about it
the closest I've ever seen to it was
Avril Lavigne's Hello Kitty which is not
a great start but I'm gonna get a chance
because you guys told me that I would
like it so here we go if I don't like it
please don't hate me
Japan cuz you're a lot of people and
that's a lot of people to hate me at
once like I farted in a plane before and
like pissed off all the passengers and
like that was an uncomfortable five-hour
flight but that's only 100 people so
then kiss my fat ass how did we get
there I don't know okay let's look up
kpop okay so this one is called twice
whoo ah ah I'm not gonna judge it yet
but what oh my god a plane crash sounds
my car sorry about it
oh they're zombies wait what oh my gosh
she was like nerdy nummies I know is I
miss bug Wow
do all Japanese girls look like makeup
gurus oh who knows at work okay nipples
wait what you hear that she literally
said you better cover up your nipples
that's true I heard in Japan they're
very anti nipple that school is fucked
damn that was like my own which is cool
oh that's the oh uh what does it mean oh
there's subtitles shit I wasn't even
reading those okay let's read those Oh
oh my god okay first of all this is a
very angry song it sounds fun but it's
not the lyrics were literally you're
fake you're fake I hate you goodbye good
riddance and as you wear ah fuck
oh it's a human caterpillar whoa okay
let's go do another one okay this one is
called Super Junior ooh wow he looks
like a youtuber they all this is like oh
- L like J - ow oh wait they're talking
to English - how many are there
filter contacts Queen you ain't foolin
nobody huh
oh my god it's English cool I know what
that means
it's not good it's so nice that they
wrote a song about me wait she's naked
is that he's your son she's naked is
this about to get weird cuz I'm excited
she's so fire that's something we're
like you know they're Japanese and like
they don't really know that much about
America and then the producers like how
about she's so fire I think I saw
somebody tweet that yeah let's go with
that nobody says that what the fuck he
just stole her from him unless it was me
friends I don't trust you Super Junior
alright let's watch one more this is
called Girls Generation oh my god like
fifth harmony what okay so now I'm
confused cuz I've heard the other song
has some English in it and I swear to
god she just said taste my ass my ass my
ass my ass ESS which by the way I never
heard somebody call their ass in a sea
ass but I get it and that's mine too
what does she just call me gay that's
rude this is literally phenomena like
this is their video right well here's
English again Wow they're angry all
these people are so angry I'm scared a
little bit this is crazy like their
dancing is good their singing is good
their videos look like they cost money
they're doing everything better than
America they make everything in Japan
Japan wins you win all right I'm done
where's God that was me reacting to kpop
I'm not gonna lie kinda loved it it's
kind of living for that I see a song
okay let me know down the comments what
you think about kpop and your favorite
k-pop star is and also give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day also let me
know down the comments what other music
I should be watching or learning about
is there any bands I should know about
right you guys I'm gonna go I hope you
have fun in the ethany we know you come
on I I can smell all of the colors of my
vomit I can put them in these tiny
little beams and then when you ate these
beans you taste like vomit and you'll
remember that you don't wanna end up
like me Oh
