I got hit by a fucking semi-truck my
face was all fucked and I broke all of
the bones in my body
hey guys so today I thought you know
what instead of trying much a nasty ass
shit that I'm gonna spit up into my sink
I should get some classy fancy expensive
treats get some candy that's like
handmade beautifully crafted something
that's gonna hit my tongue and I'm gonna
be like yeah I'm rich so today I have a
big old bag of candy from my favorite
candy store in the world some people
call it the Tiffany's of candy the
99-cent store yes if you didn't know the
99-cent store has food I hope you didn't
know that now in all seriousness I
actually still shop the 99 cent store I
used to be very very poor when I was
little so I'm not making fun of people
who shop there but I am making fun of
the fact that they think people want to
eat this shit I don't care how poor I am
you can't give me something has mold on
and say you know what that's just extra
flavor but I'm gonna give it a chance
maybe their candy is good maybe it's
bomb as hell maybe they will be the new
it sugar
most likely no it's diarrhea for sure
here we go first we are going to try Oh
Toy Story action hero candies first I
just want to say that Toy Story 1 2
short one came out in 1993 so these are
not gonna be good serving size for bags
what what does that mean while we do it
what you know what probably happened
this is what happens a lot a $0.99 or
food that was probably a mistake like
you're like oh shit with the four bags
in the serving now we're causing obesity
you know what instead of fixing that
mistake let's just take all those
fucked-up candies and put them in a
night as ice or oh my god okay let's see
if they even look like the people in the
movie they look like little dicks like
little tiny dicks and the serving size
is four so here we go oh wow you hear
that is a ah sounds like I'm crunching
on bones oh dude you're back
oh no ooh but look what I made that's
pretty ah okay so those are bad I don't
know what flavor it was except expired I
don't know who I ate I think I ate was
or woody or this bitch that was awful
so sad can you imagine like a little kid
being like oh my god I love Toy Story I
can't wait to bite into mom what did you
do to me actually that sounds a lot like
my childhood so marshmallow ice cream
cone but this is very confusing so it's
a it's a marshmallow made of ice cream
or a cone made out of marshmallow I
don't know this looks like a dog toy
like I
there's hiraman okay yeah no this is a
dog toy what does this even mean
is there anything inside that sounds bad
okay well here we go okay it's too hard
to bite never had ice cream like that
before oh yeah that's what a marshmallow
sounds like nothing not even a dead oh
my ear just popped okay let's just break
it up in what okay there's nothing in
the cone it's just a big old clump of
marshmallow Oh glad I didn't go to the
gym today alright ah ah uh you know this
is like this is literally like eating a
scrub daddy which by the way yes I want
shark tank and I buy everything from it
Oh is your on short think with this hi
my name is Shane and my new product is
teeth breakers I don't know about you
but I'm tired of my teeth let's break
them out and if that's not enough for
you I also got ass cleaners I don't know
about you but I got a lot of stuff in my
acid let's clean it out
Mark Cuban would say yes sparklers these
are little fruit candy treats I guess
and I guess they're like in the shape of
fruit no they're not they are definitely
in the shape of squares okay so what are
the flavors pear peach okay what have
you ever seen it fruit candy and a kid
was like oh shit you know what can I get
that pear one like no peach come on
cherry and apple okay there we go I'm in
for that my guess this is Apple okay
here we go
mm-hmm oh oh that's good I am a lot of
good I love I'm a farmer for ooh
Barclays Liberty orchards Bach bitch
sparkles are a delicious assortment of
fresh and fruity confections handcrafted
in small batches using premium
ingredients at natural flavors okay you
know why this is probably
it's a store because it is probably
natural and handcrafted and the world
doesn't like that alright I'm gonna give
that five out of five cashiers of the
99-cent store we said are you Shane why
are you here what happened thanks guys
Canada candy it's literally called
Canada I don't I don't know what Canada
is supposed to taste like I know what it
looks like a lot better than America ooh
okay it started out like mints and then
it hit me with a car wash
oh all right here we go yeah okay I must
put that out oh I give that nothing look
what okay I don't I don't know but it
says look so I looked and I bought and
I'm gonna regret okay here we go
oh whoa okay sorry I just went through a
lot it started out like dark chocolate
and I was like oh I liked our toilet and
then it hit me with peanut butter and
I'm like dark chocolate peanut butter
never had that but you know what that
sounds great but then hit me with
marshmallow Don my marshmallow dark
chocolate and peanut butter like I like
s'mores but like that too much but then
he hit me with toothpaste and I was like
this reminds me of having a s'more and
then being like I can't have no more I
can't have no s'more so then I go to
brush my teeth and I'm like maybe if I
have the toothpaste ace in my mouth I
want to eat anymore snores but then I go
back and then I'm like okay one more
bite and then I had that toothpaste you
know saying it's almost like my food
addiction in a bar that's depressing I'm
gonna give that zero Hot Tamale
jellybeans I don't know about you but
there's nothing I love more than jelly
beans that taste like hot sauce said no
one oh they smell like actual puke
whoo the colors oh I can smell all of
the colors of my vomit I can put that in
these tiny little beams and then when
you'll eat these beans you'll taste like
vomit and you'll remember that you don't
want to end up like me Oh turn it up
whitey will end on that one
who how you doing not good that's me
that is a mom being like oh you want
some jelly beans honey and the kid be
like I love jelly beans I'm dog and then
dying that's the parent trying to kill
her kid and honestly it's a good way to
do it am i right that out chocolate
shells now this one was interesting to
me because I'll show you they are
actually in the shape of seashells and
they look very real you see that what do
that show that's fucking crazy that is
an actual seat oh wait hold on it
doesn't say yeah well I hope it's not
because that grosses me out but let's
write ooh
under the sea it's like a Disney Hall
under the sea though I'm just kidding I
got these really 99 cent store and they
probably have a disease oh there's aqua
not good for your baccala alright well
that's a letdown although I did give us
a chance to sing the Little Mermaid so
I'm good
alright last but not least super
nabila's the Tia's not Talia's no I just
offended donation
these are pecan flavor taki and the
little guy is a little bear and I relate
to him alright here we go let's hope
this one is good because it is our grand
finale I just dropped it on the floor
honestly I don't think that's gonna make
it any worse so it's making me cry I
don't know if that means I'm getting
emotional I'm not in a good way oh who
can give me jayate II feel like a
feelings pill oh and then I just saw the
Toy Story candy and now I'm getting
emotional I think about that song when
that lady left that little Jessie doll
of the bed and then you saw that Jessie
doll looking for a friend and they
played that song when somebody loves you
everything feels beautiful every how is
that together will they love you I do
where am i okay guys I think I'm done
these candies not only made me sick they
made me sad doesn't mean happy together
then if they made me sad again this is
Toy Story 3 of candy and I don't want no
more because we may comment down below
letting me know what your favorite candy
is also what food Chinese next I'll take
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
because I make new videos every
single day and I will see you guys
tomorrow and just remember when somebody
loves you they hit subscribe so they
could see my videos every day and watch
me slowly die while I eat candy from a
store that has mold yet people are
asking me have you heard the song what
do you think buy the song does it sound
make you sad his song being cried is
assignment you think about your life
does not make you think about your love
life is a song if you remember the goods
I love it you remember the behind slice
yes but honestly I'm not living for the
song it's not that catchy
