so I've been doing this bomb.com thing
for a while now and I finally just have
to come out and tell you it's not real
just like a Cena said in her quitting
social media video I had the dream life
everyone was telling me that you made it
I had the pinnacle of success I'm
amazing everybody loved me nobody ever
has anything bad to say about me ever
nobody ever talks bad about my forehead
or my red ears everyone thinks I am
wonderful and amazing I think the first
time I said it was amazing I forgot to
add in wonderful everyone thinks I am
amazing and wonderful I am the girl that
had it all just like a Cena coming clean
on her YouTube channel there are a lot
of things about bomb.com that are fake
and I finally finally I'm going to
explain to you just what they are the
thing about bomb.com is that at the
beginning of every episode there is an
explosion and that explosion is not real
I thought adding in the explosion would
finally make me happy but I was
miserable I was living that's a
miserable miserable life with this
explosion that's not even a real
explosion I am 17 years old there is so
much wasted time in my life that I spent
adding in that explosion to every bomb
calm episode there's so much I could
have done 17 I'm old I'm so old there's
so much I could have done with the one
at the end of every episode is fake to
donate to my Kickstarter there are other
things about specific episodes that are
just lies a few weeks ago I did a Nicole
Arbour Halloween costume tutorial and it
wasn't even a real costume all I did was
put on a trash bag I have been living
this lie even more recently I did an
emoji tutorial to teach you how to make
your face look like an emoji and it
wasn't even real I used makeup and right
after the camera stopped rolling
I took the makeup off of my face I did
it all just for the camera
episode of bomb.com i reenacted the
snapchat rainbow barf and you know what
I didn't even barf rainbows I don't know
where I'm gonna go from here if you want
to support me in my time of need just
type in your credit card info and social
security number to the comment section
below
oh so if you guys don't know a youtuber
by the name of escena posted a 17 minute
video very emotional talking about how
she's quitting social media and social
media messes with your head and none of
its real and blah blah blah blah money
likes bitches hoes so watching this
video with the cena it is evident that
quitting social media was probably the
right call for her she is obviously
distressed however as a youtuber that's
not a cena and doesn't really share the
same views on social media as her i
didn't really appreciate being spoken
for in that video yes there are times in
my life where i get sad but there are
also times in my life where i am very
happy and neither of that is calls
directly by social media it's caused by
the fact that i am a human being who has
feelings i do
spoiler alert i've got emotions inside
me so human like you you're watching
this you're human so am i I'm a person
ow
social media to me is as real as you
want it to be and as real as you let it
be the person that you see right now in
videos is me on a good day see my face
is turning very red my face turns red a
lot when I'm warm and I'm warm right now
I'm I'm human so human I'm proud of the
videos I make and putting them online
brings me joy not because of how many
likes they get not because of how many
views they get but because I'm fortunate
enough to do what I'm creatively
passionate about while sharing it with a
large audience and making it into my
profession a scene is totally correct
I'm saying you can't let your life be
controlled by numbers but it's also
possible to be on social media without
letting yourself worth or the way you
look at yourself be defined by those
numbers it's not a one or the other
thing I genuinely love myself and if I
had a zero followers on every platform I
would still love myself so no I'm not
content with my life
I get more Instagram likes than you I'm
content with my life because I'm able to
do what I want creatively and share it
with such a cool and amazing group of
people that I would never ever have met
if not for social media so I applaud
Athena for recognizing that she was in a
negative situation and removing herself
from it but with all due respect I like
it here and I think I'm going to stay a
while thank you guys so much for
watching
Sall good and I will see you next week
and next week and next week
