hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is Astrid
I'm just really glad you can't smell me
right now
I literally smell like a baby diaper
filled with rotten trail mix God oh
right this is what the fuck news we
talked about the strange ass news that
you might have missed in the last week
that's in the last week has been really
slow in weird news for some reason like
literally what made headlines last week
what does Demi Lovato have a twin sister
named pooped all because of me pictures
someone took that made her look weird
it has hilarious as this picture is it's
just a reminder that even the prettiest
people can look fucking terrible if you
take a picture at a wrong angle like I
don't have a ton of confidence as it is
but it certainly doesn't get any better
when the front-facing camera of my phone
accidentally turns on and I'm sitting
there like or even worse when you're
taking a picture of yourself and you
think you look pretty good and then
someone else takes a picture of you
without you knowing you're just like god
yeah so no Demi Lovato does not have a
twin sister named poot buttons of action
what the fuck news Halloween was last
week and as expected some pretty weird
shit happen from a normal but awful shit
like finding staples and razor blades
and kids candy even some horrible people
going so far as to put Nickelback CDs in
people's candy bags what kind of a world
do we live in but I say what the fuck
news first I'll be listing off this
year's most terrible and offensive
Halloween costume be warned they're
terrible to start us off we have Nicki
Minaj and drink in complete blackface
you also can't forget the Magnificent
little Wayne costume also done in
complete blackface
then we have a used tampon which wine
then we have Bill Cosby drugging the
lady as well as Caitlyn Jenner and
zombies Steve Jobs which even for me is
too soon then we have Hitler and Anne
Frank just hanging out together which is
fucking terrible British model Stella
Maxwell dressed up as quote a sexy baby
and then finally a dude having sex with
a sheep costume which by the way is
completely legal to do in Tennessee
don't ask me how I know that point is
whatever you did for Halloween whether
you dressed up and trigger treat it as a
terribly dressed ghost or just stayed
inside and watch the movie hocus pocus
it could have been a lot worse that's
what the fuck news is uber drivers shut
about a few weird
uber drivers in the past like the
foreign guy that started jacking off to
his passenger in a story last week it
was actually super driver that was
attacked rather than the other way
around what I know apparently what
happened though is the uber driver by
the name of Edward Caban was driving his
passenger who looked like your average
typical douche hole around Newport Beach
California I mean not to be judgmental
but he is wearing his hat backwards
nothing says I've given up on life more
than a backwards hat I'm honestly
surprised he's not wearing Crocs anyways
a burly douche hole McGee was too drunk
and belligerent to give the driver
direction so come on
told him to get out of the car that's
when the passengers started randomly
hitting him and saying fuck you fuck you
not
Uther fuck yeah fortunately no mr. Devon
had a hidden form of self defense in the
form of an ak-47 I'm just kidding it was
pepper spray can you imagine ah
that's when he sort of pepper spraying
the guy which finally got him to get out
of the car I also just love what he says
in the end when he's like you what is
this a reality TV show with Ashton
Kutcher welcome back to mace get it stop
thanks bull oh my god you got me so good
but since he is dead come on has put his
job at uber and is now I'll be lookout
for a new job with hopefully less
asshole yeah good luck with that man
assholes are everywhere lastly instant
movie news electric tin load up trailers
and movie news and come out in the last
couple of weeks including the
announcement for the new movie in the
Harry Potter universe that is said to be
a prequel of Harry Potter known as
fantastic beasts and where to find them
which is also based on a book by Harry
Potter author JK Rowling and so far
there hasn't been a trailer or teaser
for the movie yet although there has
been a ton of news concerning the cast
of the movie which now includes the lead
actor Eddie Redmayne as well as Colin
Farrell that's the trailer for the
ratchet Clank movie was released and
although it only played like two minutes
of that game I'm still really excited
about it there hasn't been a ton of
really good movies based on video games
like I think the only movie that
actually gave justice to the video game
was probably Silent Hill but like every
other movie that was based off a video
game fuckin sucks yes inside as I have
about the Ratchet and Clank movie I'm
probably even more so excited about the
Sly Cooper movie that is also set to be
coming out in the same year finally the
final trailer for Star Wars Episode 7
the force awakens was released and I
couldn't be more fuckin excited about it
I was raised to do one thing
I've got nothing to fight for nothing
will stand in our way I will finish what
you started
there are stories about what happened to
strong the force it's calling to you
and as great as that trailer is and
you're showing us more of the action and
what the story to be about I personally
fucking hate when trailers do this when
they just don't give away anything about
what the story is about and I just say
generic shit like we can make it through
this you can't give up nothing will
stand in my way we have to buy every
beginning has an end but literally all
of what I just said could have either
been a trailer for Star Wars or a
commercial about menstrual cramps so
seriously go back and listen to what I
just said and pretend it was all about
menstrual cramps that's why I fucking
hate that shit because it's just generic
stupid one-liners that just don't
fucking do anything for me
point is come on Star Wars give us
something anyways that was it for this
episode of what the fuck views my
question of the day for you guys is what
were you for Halloween leave your
answers and become it's down below all
of these stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links also be sure to check out my
newest video on my channel at
youtube.com slash captain Vesta if you
watch it then I'll marry you
crystal that being said though guys I
will see you next time for another one
to fuck news thanks for watching and
fair with
