guys guess what we just did a podcast
with special guest Britney and Jess
it was really really funny we talked
about how we're human trash bags how
everybody hates us and how nash grier
has brainwashed all of us to want M&Ms
what no seriously guys it's honestly the
funniest podcast I think we've ever done
you need to go listen SoundCloud
accomplished and friends please go check
it out subscribe listen to it really
fucking funny uh and uh have fun with
video bye pants if you guys know I don't
know about you but all I've been hearing
lately is a dala dala Gayle and it's not
that I don't like Adele I'm just saying
everywhere I go people are talking about
it people are singing it people are
asking me have you heard this song what
do you think by this song does it song
make you sad this song being cried is
assignment you think about your life
does not make you think about your love
life is something you remember the goods
I was why would you remember the pies
yes but honestly I'm not living for the
song it's not that catchy but I still
love a job but today we're gonna be
playing a little game called the Adele
game I just made it up I don't know
we're actually going to be doing a quiz
from BuzzFeed now they are going to
supposedly tell me what Adele song
perfectly sums up my miserable love life
let's just all take a moment to remember
the fact that Adele is also two years
younger than me and she's two thousand
times more successful than me two
thousand times more happy than me and
she probably still get to eat fast food
so fuck you which Adele song is the
soundtrack to your love life first
question hey how's your love life going
the options are I'm just kind of doing
me right now really good actually
I'm in love with this person from work
that means he don't know you he's like
oh that lady oh that lady that's always
standing about a coffee and doughnuts
ammo leave yeah no I think she farts
when she walks yeah that's you
Berg don't ask not bad I literally have
no idea what's going on that's me
I'm gonna go with don't ask because like
I'm very secretive pick a face that
matches how you feel about your love
life right now wow there's a lot going
on okay she's either very excited or
terrified because she's on a roller
coaster of emotions she's looking sneaky
like she's like ooh he don't know but
I'm married he looks confused like damn
she married she looks depressed I dare
he was married haha and he's like yeah
I'm married but she just think that
she's hilarious I'm gonna go with him
cuz I really wish I had his qualms you
bump into your ex what do you say hey
what a collab Valentine's Day is a day
for ooh candy that's not I'm here
what the fuck love now expressing your
true feelings but myself
now couples but expensive dinners
chapolin tuas doesn't mean pussy let me
go through expensive dinners but I
really want my candy look a couple
kissing what's your reaction depends on
the couple if it's like an ugly guy with
the pretty girl or a pretty boy I'm like
damn I have hope if it's like two ugly
people I'm like mmm too real if it's too
pretty people I'm like fuck you so I'm
gonna go with ah but sometimes a little
if your love life was a movie what genre
would it be I'm gonna go to dark comedy
pick a blue to turn out of uninvited
ooh that's hard I'm feeling this one
side note when I was younger I wanted to
paint my room blue and this guy came to
paint it and I was like oh I like like a
light blue and then it was purple and I
was like this is purple I didn't ask for
purple asked for boo and he goes it's
periwinkle and I was like fuck you
that's purple that's my story what's
your current relationship status mmm
i'ma say it's complicated mainly because
I'm not trying to talk about my
relationships online anymore also I
don't know how to explain the
relationship with chips it's complicated
how do you feel when you listen to an
Adele song honestly I love her it's not
my kind of music I like that one song
the ah-ah-choo
adil down chill naira now I like that
one
cuz like I can hear her anger in it that
new one I'm not I don't so I'm gonna say
shit oh my god I got someone like you
that's the one I got the one wow that's
me someone like you is an emotional
roller coaster by the way didn't I say
emotional roller-coaster earlier those
Chris it's got the one that got away
it's got bitter emotions
it's got regrets mistake I am depressed
huh shit it's a mess aka the perfect
soundtrack for your sad fucking
complicated life thanks Adele
where are you guys go that was my
results let me know your results down in
the comments hopefully you got something
happier
although I don't think Adele has any
happy songs so whatever all right you
guys I'm gonna go make sure to give this
video thumbs up and subscribe cuz I mean
new videos every single thing and it
will make me feel better about my sad
fucked-up rollercoaster of emotion messy
life but probably not all right you guys
I love you and I will see you door ah no
I mean oh my god what is that oh it's
that I mean literally there's never been
a horror movie that frightened me more
than this
