I want to connect with people from my
past but the person that I wanted to do
this with the most is the first person
that I ever fell in love with Blair
Bauer I really did think that she felt
the same way and I was mad at her for a
long time and it has been viewers
there's a lot that's about that all
right let's see how it goes okay oh my
god I'm so nervous
so I just parked outside of Blair's
place I am like actually really really
scared I don't think I thought this
through I don't know how it's gonna go
like I don't know if she's gonna be
excited and it's gonna be like I missed
you and like hugging or if it's gonna be
awkward and she's gonna be mad like I
don't know I haven't talked to her I
want to cancel I would literally I'd
merrily I've said literally ten times
why am I doing this why am I doing this
what is wrong with me okay
all right come on in texture oh my god
oh my god oh my god I just texted her
she's coming oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm
genuinely gonna cry I'm so scared
I can't believe I'm doing this why am i
filming us I don't know it's too late
actually should
oh my god oh my god oh my god I see her
I see her walking oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god
hi hi I don't know if I'd okay I didn't
know yeah little bit cleaner oh this is
so weird that I'm filming this I'm sorry
I don't do this but this is so weird
hi hi what do you mean you don't do this
like I don't do people's reactions like
meeting you
that's weird yeah but like I'm not
meeting you like rimi ting you God how
many years has it been a long time like
I was trying to think about this I feel
like the last time we saw each other was
that some sort of be there like VidCon
or something like that but we didn't
really like talk to each other it was
more just like a like hey and then cuz I
don't know what this is gonna I didn't
tell and okay I don't either what this
is I
I'm shaking what this is Wow okay
there's a garbage truck but it's fine
okay so what are we doing so my whole
plan was I wanted to start a series
where I reconnect with people from my
past you were my first thought because
the you are such a huge part of my life
and because I have wanted to reconnect
with you for so long and I was like I
want to do this on camera because I want
to have it forever that sounds weird but
it makes sense
well okay before we like get into
everything how do you feel do you feel
weird
I don't feel weird I feel a little bit
confused I don't know exactly like what
your motivation is for doing this and
that kind of like scares me it's like am
i opening myself back up thinking that
like I'm gonna get my best friend back
and then like if you're just trying to
like do this video you know it's like is
this just for a video and then like I'm
not gonna see him again for however many
years no so I don't do that I don't even
film my real life like ever
anymore and that's why I'm like is this
real life no this is real life and we're
gonna get into it I'm gonna turn the
camera off and then when we come back
we're going to be talking more I don't
know yet I have no idea what's happening
we'll see you guys in a second okay we
are inside the apartment what am i doing
no in all honesty I turn the camera off
we came inside we talked for like an
hour just like catching up about it's
been how are you talking about I know I
know so we talked about like a lot of
stuff but we didn't really talk about
like us so we're gonna get to that and I
was like we should film that part okay
so let's talk I wrote some stuff down so
here's the situation and I already told
them about this and you already know
about this cuz we've had a very awkward
conversation about it a long time ago so
we started hanging out and we had a mole
we had what I thought was a moment and
maybe I was wrong so I want to hear your
sensitive the moment was we were hanging
out I don't remember if it was the first
time or whatever you talked about it in
your book you read that are you kidding
me of course I did like everyone sent it
to me they all knew it was me I didn't
use your name low you said like a
YouTube beauty guru that I used to hang
out with who has a sister that like also
does use
but yes you talked about this in your
book that was not our first time hanging
out it was actually a while into us
hanging out because we were already into
the chicken Dino nuggies phase of our
relationship remember we would go to
Ralph's and get a bag of it the dinosaur
did not get one and then we would come
back and watch it doubly pardon kaki
worries no you said relationship chicken
Dino nuggies phase of our relationship
remember be me you said our relationship
our friendship our relationship I don't
want that why won't be hanging out in my
room and set up the living room you
brought me up to your room now we only
did it by the way at this time I never
kissed I had never done anything I never
even been on a date so I wasn't assuming
this was a date I was like oh I'm her
friend like this is so fun I'm hanging
with a pretty girl I got a look at her
like this is fun you know what this is
the night that I got my new DSLR camera
my Rebel t3i and we were trying to
figure out if I should film on that or
if I should keep using my Sony camcorder
then we imported the footage onto my
computer because you were trying to
teach me how to do Final Cut Pro and
that's where we leave we're on your bed
I'm sitting on your bed right yeah you
sit next to me
yeah I'm the laptop I'm gonna reenact
this don't catch feels okay you're me
and I'm you right okay so on oh my god
that's so hard and then you when you
zoom out
I didn't know that you yeah you padded
my arm here and you were like is so
hairy
so okay so you did that right and in my
heart like I literally felt like I was
gonna barf I was so nervous and I didn't
know what to do and so I just kind of
like took it I kind of like petted your
leg or something I didn't know what was
going on and then we just hung out and
we laid in bed and you fell asleep as
usual I remember that yeah I fell asleep
next to you I didn't I believe they're
all mines dude okay and I didn't know
that until I read your book and that's
what I wanted to ask if that was true or
if that was just to make the story more
interesting but what happened that
morning is you pretended to be asleep
for like a second and then you woke up
and you were like oh I gotta go I gotta
go
and you ran outside and you into your
car and then you immediately tweet it
you immediately tweeted and then delete
it do you remember that something like I
just spent the night in a girl's bed for
the first time oh yeah and I sweated not
only through her sheets but through her
entire mattress yeah and then you like
deleted it immediately but I was awake
at this point so I was like scrolling
this later I was like what does he mean
he like slept in a girl's bed like
because you did but I didn't see it like
that like to me we were already so far
into like the brother-sister like
friendship zone that I I know but like
timbi it wasn't like oh my gosh you guys
left over like it didn't
and it wasn't even like a possibility in
my mind that it was gonna go to
something else some her me saying things
like that to me it wasn't like we slept
in the same that it was like we fell
asleep but any features good and I agree
and looking back as an adult I look back
at that as like a cute episode of like
Glee or something I'm like oh that's a
sweet the sad kid like thought he
whatever but in the moment how do you
explain the touching the petting and the
missing I don't remember that I still
dream about it and I may explain why
this was such a thing for me personally
like just being honest so I grew up the
fat right like really fat and I lost
weight in to LA and you were in my
entire life the first girl person to
ever touch me that way and it might have
been nothing to you it I might have a
brother said you think but to me I was
like she's leaning on me she's petting
me oh my god and like it like blew my
mind because I was like wow maybe I'm
not ugly oh that makes me want to cry me
too
I mean if you asked me to do this do you
think you led me on I would say that
there are definitely times that I
probably did like taking you home to
meet my family and stuff which was do
you remember why we were going back to
my house well what's gonna do okay so
part two of this saga so that happens
right I'm like oh my god I'm in love
with her oh my god and it's like we're
like going grocery shopping together I
okay so we were like a married couple
literally right but we haven't kissed
nothing right but me and mine in my head
I was just like we're taking it slow she
says hey you want to come home to
Tennessee with me or hey come home and
like meet my family everybody wants to
meet you right I was like oh my god
meeting the family so we go to Tennessee
we were picking up yeah I had to fly
home and get Teddy and you were there
when I was booking the ticket and I
remember being like oh my gosh do you
want to come with me like my whole
family wants to meet you everyone wants
to meet you do you want to come with me
like we'll make it fun we'll go to
Dollywood you were like you were like
yet you booked your ticket like right
then yeah so we go we go it's great we
come back home and I'm still feeling
weird that like I still felt like
there's I don't know what's going on
right
this went on for I don't even know
that's how thing happened in Tennessee
you know I don't have enough I here's
where a picture comes in okay bring out
this picture now you don't remember this
I don't remember this 9/11 no why who
you shouldn't look at me with love eyes
and everybody knows everybody knew it
all my friends my mom everybody said it
there like she looks at you like she
loves you right so me wanting it I'm
just like yeah what's going on why
aren't we doing anything I'm gonna show
this picture tell me this does not look
like you're looking at the love of your
life if you saw that picture in a movie
what would you think was happening on
the other side of that card I really did
show them show them all they see it okay
I can see what you're saying like I'm
not gonna sit here and be like oh no she
doesn't like you well in real life it
was forward right we finally I'm like I
need to I need to talk we need to talk
so we park a car in your car in a
parking structure and I'm just like
what's going on what's going on and you
basically were just like I see like a
brother you're my best friend
and then I was sad now you didn't go
home immediately because I got locked
out of my apartment and you refused to
let me sit there by myself but you were
sitting there like with these like angry
but like sad but also like kind of mad
eyes that I like didn't know how to
handle it so I was like trying to teach
you how to play bubble spinner on her
phone fire you live it we have a few
years of randomly seeing each other you
started dating somebody whatever
whatever whatever but we never fully
like really talked about which is what
we're doing today we were still friends
and would like see each other not to the
point where we were like going to the
grocery store and like mittens sweetie
and Dino chicken Emmys every night and
remember we have song that we would sing
as the Dino chicken nuggets we're in the
microwave but do you want to know a
secret you don't like them I don't like
them you picked those cause you liked it
I thought you liked it here's what I
think we should do let's go let's go to
soup lane to do like Souplantation okay
so we're gonna go to Souplantation and
we're gonna talk about where we are now
who were dating now and also I don't
want you to think that I'm actually like
weird or awkward or mad at you or
anything like I genuinely love you so
much and we were so young and this is
like really cute to look back except for
the sweating thing that's just
embarrassing actually so much so much I
don't have that matches anymore
well now let's go to the mattress
kidding let's go eat I'm hungry
right we condone chosen a more
depressing place to do it okay wait I
want to talk to you about your
relationship in mind but feel like we
should get multiple angles recording no
okay so let's talk about current
relationships before we get into that
let's talk about the fact that one of
the other things you did that made me
think you liked me
was we were walking by Hot Topic when my
old shirts used to be there I'll show a
picture here and it said Shane Dawson is
my boyfriend and you're like oh my god I
could get that stared I was trying to
support your t-shirt set on topic I
didn't dare without your pants and then
when you left your friend was like you
guys are so cute no I wasn't even with
you when I bought that shirt and I did a
giveaway I got another one I was trying
to support your new line at Hot Topic
we weren't even together we went in and
looked at them a lot but the time I
actually bought it all right fine I
agree to disagree but let's move on to
now okay okay so who are you dating what
you like does he suck okay No you'll
meet up and you like does he have a
six-pack is really super ripped and like
super athletic and looks super cool and
like wears backwards hat and it says
like tight now I mean he has a good body
that's good I mean it's good do you want
to see you can we see him I mean dick
pigs are really let me show this yeah
yeah all right okay I mean he looks good
yeah I'm glad that he is good for you
and I'm really happy for you and I hope
you guys work out now he looks very nice
he's a good person for me you're in your
own relationship also like not weird
anymore so I'm dating a guy yeah which
like a lot of people asked me they were
like did you ever like been set did you
like you know you did talk about the
male but my question maybe you were
interested like I didn't think you were
gay or anything no but I was like maybe
he's interested in like trying it out
right speaking of butts we're gonna
finish our meal all right it's that's it
I mean I don't know how do you feel it's
good right yeah I mean I feel like
really friends again right I hope so I
think so I think so I thought you were
gonna hate me that you're gonna be mad
at me I thought you're gonna slap me or
some why I don't know I was just scared
I thought you were like mad about the
book I don't know no I wasn't mad at all
the only thing that I was like worried
about it that you were gonna come on
here and be like why did you lead me on
so hard when like in my mindset at that
time I didn't feel like I was leading
you on and like as an adult I can look
back you see maybe some of the things I
did could be portrayed that way
so I was scared that you were just like
- still mad at me all these years later
not so I was like scared to reach out to
you and I've written you so many like
texts and stuff that I've just never
sent you felt like you lost like your
first love almost in like as much as you
felt like that I lost my best friend in
that moment and so
I was so scared that you were still
gonna be mad at me and if I reached out
to you I didn't want the reaction to be
like oh yeah it's good to hear from you
but let's talk about this let's talk
about how you like fucked up and how you
did all this crazy stuff to me and I
didn't want to get into that because I
just wanted to remember our friendship
as the good times and stuff and I really
didn't want to have it like a solid
goodbye I mean I agree and I wanted to
do this because of that like I I kind of
was using a video as a way to just hang
out with you and see like if you hated
me or not and I'm happy you don't I
don't hate you leaving no I know what I
mean there to make like because I
remember no we used to always get the
cookies from the grocery store we put
them on cookie sheet and stick them in
the oven those documentaries or
something oh my god that was a day oh no
that was really really really amazing we
ended up hanging out for hours
it is now nighttime and it just felt
really good to reconnect with somebody
from my past who I really really care
about and it was awkward as fuck but I
like that I don't know I really enjoyed
doing this and I hope you guys liked it
cuz I really want to do more I want to
talk to somebody that hated me in high
school I want to talk to family members
who I haven't talked to in forever I
want to talk to my first hater on
YouTube like I want to do this type of
stuff and I don't know I hope you like
it if you want me to keep doing these
give me a thumbs up so I know also make
sure to go over to Blair's channel
subscribe and check out the video she
did over there where we films our night
together and it got more awkward as you
guys I'm gonna go make sure to subscribe
to my channel a double O to the
notification bell and all my crap and
I'm just really happy I'm gonna go
inside and hang out with my boyfriend
that I love and tell him that he has
nothing to worry about and that I didn't
fuck my ex that's not actually my ex my
life is weird wait hold on what what are
you doing
they have these little baby icecream
cones you just scoop the ice cream in
here and then you have a give a little
ice cream this is why I was in love with
you
Shane is about to be here and I'm
getting a little bit nervous I feel like
I just got into wait am i giving you the
look
