heads of you guys yes today I'm going to
be watching more youtubers first videos
to see how it all started hopefully
they're a lot like me started from the
bottom now we're well we're like here
like the top is here
we're like here let's get started
alright so first we're going to do
markiplier
now you guys requested him a lot okay I
use the first video is from 2012 it's
called amnesia reaction compilation what
does that mean Denisha isn't a museum
when you forget everything
oh my god is it a video of people like
forgetting everything and then waking up
and being like where am I
cuz I got jack off to bed whoa
I let me able to jack off to that dude
what is this why is he in a dungeon oh
okay I'm uncomfortable now like I was I
was like a turn-on and now I'm like
somebody help him oh no he's done yeah
oh yeah you better run whoo I've never
seen PO before is that a video game term
huh cuz I'm gonna start using it okay
what okay what are the words the words
are kind of like distracting me although
I don't know what I'm watching oh oh
it's a god it's a wheel what is
happening
Joey is he talking to me cuz okay I'm
going I always eat I'm gonna go to
another one oh my god what is happening
first of all it is about to get dark cuz
I don't know if I'm in the mood for that
nevermind yes I am oh wait what is
happening
what's happening what what is world oh
my god
what's happening okay question now most
youtubers do everything alone they live
alone cry alone they have sex alone is
he pulling himself alone cuz I'll talent
cuz it looks like he's getting dragged
I'm confused
and I'm like scared is he scary I didn't
think he was scary but I'm scared we
have the same here I feel like even
those people were like he's like nice in
high school you're like oh that's Marky
like oh yeah Marky you go to the party
too but like he doesn't show up like
Marky never comes like we always invite
Marky but he's like never here and then
you're like all otherwise not here oh he
probably more important to do cut to
mark a just in the mirror talking to
himself like hey Marky hey Marky what
you do Marky I'm gonna market what you
doing I don't know we should go to that
party market I don't know she'll go to
that party Marky maybe I don't know
maybe I could be friends with Marky next
is superwoman what's up big girls of the
world okay so this video is by
superwoman it's called I'm I ll LLL I
don't know but it's a music video and
I'm ready
she's waking up in full makeup I respect
it and a onesie I need a minute it's a
joke it's a joke okay no it's not this
is it's a joke I hope it's a joke okay
it's a joke thank God because you know
when you have that friend who like has
do some serious and you're like yeah
girl you should yeah you should for sure
be an actress and then that friend is
like can I do a monologue for you and
you're like of course and then you
Franco's you are be hey you know you are
babe you don't you are me what do you
think I think you should give up on your
dreams I was having one of those kind of
moments but luckily it's joke or fight
ah I liked it that's the sound of me
liking something you do not want to hear
this out of me hating something it's wet
alright next is one of my personal
favorites RCL Beauty if you don't know
who she is you need to look her up some
of our videos are crazy for example let
me just show you one she did a video
where she made herself into an emoji and
it's a scariest thing I've ever seen my
I think it's a joke like I think she's
like a troll like she's like I'm gonna
make the scariest fucking thing ever and
a bunch of little girls are gonna try to
do it they're gonna scare the shit out
of their parents let me show you this oh
I mean oh my god what is that oh I mean
literally there has never been a horror
movie that frightened me more than this
RC o beauty
you're the queen okay let's go to her
channel and let's go to the oldest video
we can find we have already done her
before I think I've already done her
let's do her again okay this is our
morning routine for school oh my god
she's a ghost she just died oh no she's
laying on on the couch she was a dream
she's not dead she's alive
see what I mean we're five seconds in
and this bitch already just made a movie
wait why twigs this is my morning
routine for the weekends now wants my
soul morning 6:30 god I haven't been to
school in so long do you guys have to
get up at 6:30 I would drop out Oh some
sad music she's not happy about school
look at all the shots what was that that
was magic is that tongue cream does she
just buy tongue cream what is that
she's a tongue-scrubber that guru life I
respect her though like she's like this
rich makeup guru girl who's like literal
Queen and she got that dirty ass sake
with like yeah I'm aggressed on it
keeping it real okay
none of that went together right like I
don't know much about fashion but she
was like Oh a dress ooh track pants Oh a
clown wig like girl what the fuck you
doing where you going ooh
tell us your clothes oh oh you're late
better get out what is that there's so
much happening damn look at those doors
fuck she's not wearing shoes there's
nobody in the car look at them No
who's driving oh my god there was like a
ghost driving because there was nobody
in that car oh my god her dead self is
driving she's gonna wake up it's a dream
I know she's dead
wait hold up what's gonna happen oh my
god I'm so scared oh shit she drank the
whole thing I know that feeling
when you when you dream that you got
ready that you left they did this a do
that but then you wake up you're like
fuck I haven't done it yet she's smart
or crazy either way subscribe poor guys
go that was me reacting to YouTube his
first videos are those some good ones I
was enjoying that make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe that
make new videos a physical day and
please don't watch my first videos also
leave a comment down below who do you
want to watch next how'd you guys help
me a funny with me iPhone hang with you
when I was for you mom fight that's all
I say about Beyonce cos you know my
feelings about her I think she's part of
the Illuminati she scares the shit out
of me but she's Queen she's Queen but
yeah
don't kill me
