well hello everybody yes by the scary
music you hear the candles live behind
me
this creepy skull you know it's time for
conspiracy theories by the way the
candle behind me is frosted chocolate
cupcake so that life okay so today we're
gonna be talking about some really fun
conspiracies and also a couple very
scary ones now I don't really have a
theme for the kind of conspiracy
theories we're talking about today
they're kind of just a bunch of
different random ones that I enjoy so
without further ado let's get started
number one Avril Lavigne is actually
dead so basically the conspiracy goes
that Avril Lavigne of course was a
singer from Canada came over to America
got everybody all complicated showed us
her skater boy life and then became
super famous now because she became
super famous she started getting
attacked by paparazzi so what she did
was she hired a double somebody who
looked just like her to walk around town
and make paparazzi think that was that
so that she could like hide out mean
poutine or something now this doubles
name is Melissa Mandela and they look
very similar they quickly became best
friends and started hanging out all the
time Melissa kind of picked up on all of
Avila's little essences the way she
spoke the way she acted the things she
ate she was probably doing a lot of this
now what happened next is very sad after
Avril's first album let go
came out her grandfather passed away and
she took very very hard
she's very public about it she was
crying on stage and concerts she was
really really distraught so the
conspiracy goes after this happened she
killed herself
but because she was at the height of her
fame and the height of her career the
record label did not want to let Avril
Lavigne go who let go see what I did
there anyways they did not want to let
her go
so it had Melissa step in and take over
so a lot of fans have been taking
pictures of Avril from before her
grandmother died and pictures of Admiral
after and comparing them they've noticed
that in the old pictures she has a
certain amount of birth marks on her arm
and then new pictures she has like half
of that and then also she used to have
two birthmarks on her face and now she
only has one and then when a pro was on
a Brazilian talk show the talk show host
asked her what she thought about the
rumors that she was actually dead and
she answered with this have you read
about this why I didn't hear about it I
just hear about it
I'm hearing rudder from you think bro
office Kiev Olson away Avril Lavigne
well I'm here and I'm in Brazilian
another it's a clone
so obviously she was trying to play it
off like everything's cool but the whole
performance cheated right after that she
was stumbling she was messing up doing a
lot of things that Avril usually never
does so obviously it affected her a
little bit now the other proof that
Avril is dead is that all the music she
made after let go has been a lot
different
she went from doing like pop rock to
this NEMA psycho
Abby get go yapple dead now in all
seriousness I actually love Avril
Lavigne most of you guys know that she
is my favorite singer of all time I own
all of her albums she was my first wife
but I don't know the conspiracy theory
kind of makes a lot of sense alright
number two Beyonce's age is exposed now
a few months ago I told you guys the
conspiracy that beyonce is actually much
older than she says she is and it's all
been speculation until now her dad was
in an interview and he accidentally
outed her pink uh uh she was he the
exact same age as Beyonce used to be
this battle which group was better you
had uh sure he was he was the same age
they were all fourteen and fifteen years
old now she's the same age as pink and
Usher well uh she was 37 and pink is 36
beyonce claims she's 34 years old and
like I told you guys the last time in an
interview with Gabrielle Union Gabrielle
Union said that her and Beyonce were
friends when they were teenagers
Gabrielle Union is 42 I don't know all I
know is that beyonce is probably real
pissed at her dad right now that's all I
say about Beyonce cos you know my
feelings about her I think she's part of
the Illuminati she scares the shit out
of me but she's Queen she's Queen but
yeah
don't kill me okay number three Pharrell
Williams is a vampire okay now this one
actually kind of sent shivers up my
spine um cuz it's really creepy the
Pharrell Williams obviously the happy
now he has been around forever a lot of
you guys don't know this he has
literally been around since I was a kid
and I'm old but he has not aged this is
him in 2013 this is him in 2003 ten
years before that looks the same this is
him in 1990 that's 25 years ago 25 years
ago I was too and you look the same in
this next picture I warn you it's creepy
this is what people think is him in the
year 1492
and first of all he's still wearing that
big-ass hat
that's clue number one that this is real
clue number two he has the same face
that's the same person that's the
scariest thing ever I am NOT happy I'm
fucking terrified but also I wanted to
bite me so I could stay young forever
but not this age I want to go back like
10 years number four
Disneyland is mind controlling you with
smells now this is something I've always
been very interested in because
Disneyland really scares me there's a
lot about Disneyland but they don't tell
us number one there's a whole
underground Society right underneath
Disneyland is like buildings and workers
and employees and secret passageways if
there's a whole world under there
really creepy just think every time
you're like walking around Disney like
eating a corn dog there's like hundreds
of people under you it's like a cemetery
that's alive except everybody's dead
inside but the one thing that Disneyland
has that - really creepy that nobody
ever tells you about is they have these
little holes everywhere all over the
park that pump out smells for example
how when you walk in you're gonna smell
candy cookies food make you hungry make
you buy shit then when you're liking the
Pirates of the Caribbean they have
smells of salt water and animal life and
forests and trees now that one's not
that scary that actually makes a lot of
sense but then when you get to the gift
shop they have this smell of crisp money
and the smell of coins I want you to
spend it all I don't know it's really
creepy to me like I can't imagine
somebody like pumping smells to me to
make me want something by the way God
doesn't a chocolate frosted cake sounds
so good right now
that's right I'm mind controlling myself
and last but not least American Idol
it's fake now this one is really obvious
but for a lot of you guys I don't know
guess what reality shows not real well
600-pound life that is real that is hard
to fake fat suits do not look that good
believe me try now American Idol is a
show where the whole point is to make a
superstar they want to create the next
pop star so you go out buy all the
albums the pop star gets signed to the
record label that is owned by American
Idol so they will make all the money
when you buy their shitty music but not
Kelly Clarkson she's queen now the way
they do this is they cast the show now I
know you guys see all the auditions and
you're like oh wow they're searching for
the next superstar
no no they only know who they want most
of the people in the top 10 or top 12
were cast they
found on casting websites they were
found through agents through managers
the audition part is literally just to
find terrible people for like that funny
montage which by the way all those
terrible people audition and then the
casting director says wow you're great
come on back next time and lies to them
so by the time the terrible person is in
front of Simon Cowell and Jennifer Lopez
and shit they think they're good because
they've been to like five auditions and
everybody's like you're great and now
Sami Collin everybody's like that was a
tribe's just kill yourself and that poor
person is like wait but I thought it was
good everybody else said I was good it
took me five hours to get here just
because the show wants terrible people
to make fun of it's fucked so here's how
it goes basically out at the top ten
they want one person they know is going
to be a superstar and that one person is
usually somebody they already know for
example Kelly Clarkson they made her out
to be like this girl from Texas who's a
waitress who's like never been a singer
before she likes sings in the shower no
no she was already living in LA she
already had a record deal she already
was working with music producers she was
already writing songs like she was
already trying to be a pop star
American Idol found her and they were
like well you're really good like we can
make you famous and she's like all right
and they're like just pretend you still
live in Texas just pretend like you're
still a cowgirl just say yeehaw a bunch
of times
and then America fell in love with her
loading me and I still love her and I'll
never stop so that's one then they have
another person on the show that they
cast called the rabbit so in American
Idol the rabbit is like that singer who
everybody knows isn't gonna win they're
not good enough but they are good enough
to where everybody like chasing after
them every season has one it's usually
like the older contestant so the Melinda
Doolittle Jennifer Hudson it's the one
that nobody really thinks should win and
all the other contestants are gonna be
scared of them so they're gonna work
really really hard then you have the
entertainment value one then you have
the slutty one to get the guys to watch
then you have the gay one to eat the gay
people to watch then you have the really
young one to get all the teenagers to
watch yeah the hot college guy to get
all the moms to watch and then you have
a couple random people who are just kind
of good but not that great and then they
go home early but the producers know the
whole season Kelly Clarkson is going to
win they know and all the other people
are going to go home because they have
six steps so next time you watch one of
these talent shows just think about that
mostly it's fake and all those little
backstories that they have like my mom
has cancer or my dad
my animal got shot in the face Bible
those stories are always to make you
care so that you buy their music not
real I mean it is real but it's not real
Larry guys go those were the
conspiracies today hopefully enjoy it
was a little bit different we talked
about some different things I smelt a
lot of cake let me comment down below
and let me know what conspiracies you
want me to talk about next also which of
these conspiracies I talked about today
do you also give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every school day and if you want to see
more of my conspiracy videos I made a
playlist and I'll put the link right
there
and you guys keep thinking by oh oh that
means does a prank that's a brave verbs
brain and the Barbie Byrnes Berardi
that's fucked up who would do that
