hey that's of you guys yes today I'm
going to be taking a trip back into my
childhood once again this time I'm gonna
be trying different types of Chef
Boyardee I don't know it's more sad the
fact that I used to live on this shit or
the fact that I still don't honest about
it and the weirdest part is every time I
try to type we're ready to my phone it
kept auto pressing it to kill yourself
uh you know me too well Jess I went to
the store and I got five different types
of boy Hardee's and I'm gonna be shoving
all those boys Hardee's in my mouth not
boys these boy are these boy are Deez
Nuts ready what am I talking about
whatever let's start eating okay I'm
gonna start with the simple classic oh
fuck I didn't really look at the label
until now what happened to her can you
see that what is that this is a beef
ravioli in meat sauce can't wait to
taste this boys meat sauce oh look
there's a little thing on the back that
says child hunger and tear it's also
where bad parenting depression and
obesity start ooh I love that sound it's
just a nice old oh my god now I know
what it's like to work at point
Parenthood oh shit oh it smells like poo
can Abeba vomit oh you know what I'm
talking about if you've been to Phuket
of fo you know what I'm talking about
oh my god look at it just oh fuck
alright here we go oh did you hear that
oh okay smells like poo gonna Bubba
vomit sounds like Buca di Beppo poopies
feel like I should like cut it in half
just so we can see the insides
oh it's dripping off the sides so that's
what she looks like inside let's do this
oh fuck okay okay I can do this I can do
this I get it break off what wait what
hold on why are you think I get hurt oh
I take a flip it seems like a foot you
burn my mouth and burn what the hell
what in here I don't know how to
pronounce each word that's not how you
spell foot uh-huh okay let me just
explain the texture was almost like a
tiny little shaved kitten that somebody
had dunked in water left overnight like
maybe that'll kill the kitten because
now I don't want to chop a little head
off let's drown it and then you take
that little shade cat out chop them
other fuckin little pieces dip him and
book up on it and then put in a cannon
well I bought it at Ross
that was awful zero out of five trips to
book a Tibet Bob and I love moving above
all this is not sponsored by moving
about Bo but if they want to sponsor me
I got a belly that's ready to be filled
with your vomit Beefaroni remember that
it gets better campaign wasn't about
this oh come on
make a pretty sound oh that's not like
what a serial killer just takes a knife
out of a drawer and you know you're
gonna die
no it's all over me how did that happen
I'm gonna get a spoon for this one
because it's well a little bit more
soupy it's basically tiny little worms
dipped in meat sauce and they look on
you know that dead cat and we just say
yeah this was his tiny little sad dead
kept 'ok there's a lot of them all right
here we go Oh smells like a dead cat and
I have smell two dead cat oh all right
oh I can't really explain it it's kind
of bull seal that spit lamp oh it's kind
of like soft but hard okay I know how to
explain it but this is gross you know
when you're watching porn kids tell your
parents to step away for this part you
know you're watching porn you know you
don't watch your parents find out you're
watching it I need to the part where
like you even have it sex for like 10
minutes you're like okay when's it gonna
finish and then you can tell the guys
kind of like not into it and then the
girls like yeah yeah like this shit and
the guys like yeah I love that shit
doing it for a paycheck and then you
kind of see his thingy start to just get
real sad then you kind of wiggle it
around kind of like when you wiggle a
pencil around it looks like it's rubber
this tastes like a whole KN filled with
sad porn star dicks who just wanted to
be actors but it didn't work out I give
this 0 out of 5 actual human pee pees
lasagna remember that one time you had
to lasagna you were like ham this
lasagnas good as fuck you don't make
this better we should put it in a can
you don't remember that part no neither
do i ooh that one's bad at me okay I
don't understand how this is gonna work
you know what pull up oh I feel like
they get the full effect we have to pour
it out on a plate because it was on
it comes on a plate and it's like a big
square so let's see if that's what they
gave us ready and perfect lasagna oh
yeah just like mom used to make in the
bathroom when she had an IBS attack Oh
what is this this is not lasagna oh look
at that cool Oh Curly's oh oh they all
smell the same it's all the same shit
just different shapes just like people
all right here we go wash I'll make a
bet with you i mother's fitted on this
plate and you're gonna have no idea
where I spat it is it all looks the same
ready dad before and dads after can you
find the spit no there you go
zero out of five look ease in your food
meatballs now I am NOT a huge spaghetti
meatball fan some about the texture I
don't like something about my balls and
you mix it with like the strings and the
strings on the balls and I just I'm not
a fan of it but maybe this will change
my mind pasta and meatballs made with
pork chicken and beef what isn't it made
with what does that mean you know that
means it means at the slaughterhouse
they had a bunch of shit they couldn't
use and they're like damn what am I
gonna do with this pig foot this cowl
neck and it's horse s Chef Boyardee
let see look every time it scares me Hey
here we go smells the same like death
all right so the noodles look normal and
by normal I mean that and here's one of
the meatballs what I'm gonna a little
baby hook it on the on the can it's like
this big old ball you got this I'll be
like me put a sock in my underwear which
is actually a good idea
and I should probably try that all right
let's get a little ball a little noodle
my poor name and here we go Oh
Oh that means does a prank that's a
proverb Frank fender Barbie burns
Berardi that's fucked up who would do
that
who would imagine our children Jamin
Neil windy we do that to children if I
was a kid and my mom was like spaghetti
is ready and gave me that actually I
pray like it cuz as a kid you eat
anything but that's an adult if my mom
made me this I would have that bitch
committed and I'm close zero out of five
same aeneas SpaghettiOs um these aren't
technically chef already but they're
kind of
the same league as far as fucking gross
so I decided to try it now these were my
favorite when I was a kid I remember all
the time just being like mom can I ask
the SpaghettiOs and she'd be like what
do you think we are made of money
yeah and my house these were very
exclusive all the cool kids have them
and I think I only have them a few times
so here we go I've made it New York
Times bestseller this is what I get
okay smells the same as all that other
crap looks a little different kind of
fun it's kind of like Cheerios that have
been soaking in water all night all
right
ha hmm
okay here's the thing they're gross
let's start they're not as gross as the
other things like it's not as horse ass
like it's horse tongue but not the axe
maybe a nipple maybe a horse nipple but
not the ass and it's like not as salty
as the other things kind of taste like
tomatoes and kind of taste tomato in
there not too bad I mean no gross
grosser
just not as bad as the other stuff I can
imagine like heating this up it's cheese
on it and then crying all night after I
ate it because I wasted how many
calories Oh a shit ton SpaghettiOs I'm
gonna give you guys one out of five
that's a lot in this game oh there you
guys go uh this is the aftermath dinner
shop and if you ever want to marry me if
you want to wifey me that's what you're
gonna get so leave a comment down below
telling me do you want me to cook for
you
house like in this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and let me know what
other foods I should be trying aren't
you guys I love you hope you have fun
hang with me I hang with you and I will
see what tomorrow
Oh see what I did there with that with
I'm gonna go what the fuck she let's do
it no stop it strangler right as mother
does you as my tab let me get my inhaler
