fishing that what if someone like
subconsciously like gets into me and
like acts like me what like a demon I
really don't like the idea of this while
we're doing it
are you booked Tom okay face them here
are you fucking serious I'm in his
fucking sisa me and I don't wanna I'm
not gonna wanna fucking sleep my own
house wait did you have any back-up plan
at all hey guys yes I am in Trevor
mehran's bathroom so my name Ron what
the fuck was that that wasn't me
I had job all day but that wasn't me did
you hear that we're already seeing
ghosts how do you see the smell to
scratch my back
don't say that cuz that's a Dima there's
a difference really yeah ghosts are like
niggas ok I don't know what this is we
made holy water on my channel so over on
his channel we did ghost hunting we had
a s√©ance and we made holy water and we
found a ghost and it was very scary so
over here we're gonna be playing a game
that I have never played before Bloody
Mary
ready can you explain me Bloody Mary
allegedly appears to intellection Lee
you know like I've seen a lot of James
II but hopefully it works
it's an operation of a course or a witch
or ghost it can be friendly or evil and
sometimes seem covered in blood you have
to say Bloody Mary three times in the
mirror and then she might appear and you
might get strangled or get your blood
drinking out or your eyes scratched out
are you fucking serious
no we turn the lights off and then we
say three times together and then we
look in here what the fuck she let's do
it no stop it strangler I - mother does
you get a photo let me get my tailor
ready look in the mirror I feel like I
use now yeah well fine I don't like the
strangling part it's not gonna start
with you okay okay so but wait it's not
gonna be on no but the fuck Shane has to
be dark so let's close our eyes and you
say Bloody Mary time and then we start
cutting sorry just keep your eyes closed
yeah yeah you can dress most woody but
you have to say it with me one two three
Bloody Mary
oh my god I'm scared I'm sorry guy no
I'm fine if I listen we got we got yet
spray like Bloody Mary Bloody Mary
Bloody Mary
oh fuck you did you but what the fuck
haha
you are amazing shame you are like worse
than fucking anyone I've ever met you
know it's crazy you screamed and you
punch me in the throat and strangle me
so maybe your money very minimum doesn't
one period okay so now we're going to do
Candyman we wait the motherboard I wait
for real yeah um if I started to excel
breathing like a always arm pocket okay
really serious bloodletting ears like
don't scare me either I was like I'm
show you a Bloody Mary Bloody Mary
Bloody Mary oh my god what a sauce
behind me did you really yes TD really
up what's up that's your fuckin brain
just playing fucking tricks on you girls
right there on that wood thing really I
didn't see like a woman that I saw
something next is the Candyman so the
Candyman is the ghost of a slave who
returns from the dead to search revenge
on you if you say his name five times
wait wait he what yeah and according to
legend it's a vicious killer with a
bloody hook for a hand
okay he appears in the mirror covered in
blood and bees and has nothing but
murder on his you okay so why are we
doing this
no one has you plays this so he said
Candyman Candyman all right like in like
a like an man mmm
you know we should do what what say that
what so it Amit can come to make him
come we just went really slow and just
like really slow we have candy so we're
gonna offer Candyman candy and maybe
he'll come and eat it and kill us you
take the twigs I'm holding candy yes
what is he grabs I gotta my hands and
reach what that would be everything okay
who can take when I left him ready
how many nineties five times
Candyman Candyman Candyman Candyman
Candyman family I didn't see one of the
slightest mouthing nothing well guys we
tried so now we're going to do something
called the devil lips my arms should be
like we always like fighting me right we
did like it we did like what you want to
do like what are you mad I'm what are
you doing what are you doing what are
you doing
what are you doing why are you doing
that what are you doing friggin off are
you gonna die what what you don't like
it are you having an ant pad not that
panic attack and an attack I don't know
did you do I give you your hammer what
did you just come why are you crying no
what are you doing I just got really sad
do you think it's a ghost from earlier I
don't know I just felt like weirdly
emotionally triggered I don't know
this is continue are you sure okay well
if you feel weird we'll stop no okay if
you're okay then we're gonna the last
thing are you okay
okay so the last thing is called the
devil with my own eyes so it'll be
really easy basically what happens is
it's more like a fun game you guys can
try it at home is you hold onto
somebody's arms and they try to push up
and then after 30 seconds when I let go
your arms are gonna float as if my arms
which is your arm no your house your
fucking channel no it's you why me
because obviously I wish the devil would
lift more than those I wish I can lift
my songs on the charts simple straight
bitch up the last thing I can do for
great okay I'm done now I'm gonna hold
your arms down and you try to push them
out as much as you can push them out
yeah like like that yeah can you get
Jesus lift my arms sure
Jesus lifts my arms yes except it's the
devil and he's pretending to be Jesus
and fancy
so for 30 seconds you're clear shout as
much as you can and 1 2 3 go
I'm strong bitch I know what's supposed
to happen after this you'll see I'll see
you're pushing tardy here
don't stop stop don't stop heart is here
we're gonna let go on 5 seconds in the
mall track donut is relaxed yeah
5 4 3 2 1
relax do you work crazy
get your face are you fucking kidding me
I think I'm a total like strict person
to like
I will not fuck around like like oh my
god it's a video like I'll lift my arms
like I literally like relax it was a
devil are you fun see you guys later
anyways guys make sure to give this
video a thumbs up oh my god cuz I
McNiven is every single day over to
Trevor's channel and subscribe and watch
a video where we get ghost hunting and
we had a seance and it got really
fucking scary I promise I'm not normally
this emotional except for every day all
right you guys hope you had fun scaring
with us we have fun scare with you and
go home and play bloody mirror by
yourself and let us know if you die
you
