Filan sup guys and welcome back to you
what the fuck new safi allah ween by the
way I decided to dress up as a failure
life didn't have to change that much my
name is destory I was sick for two weeks
and then to top it all off I was
actually poisoned by some juice
so yeah that's great but I missed you
guys but this was the fuck news are we
talking about the super weird news that
you might have missed in the last week
and the first story I want to talk about
today is crazy people doing crazy things
this week that is the story of the man
from New Mexico who killed his friend
because he thought he was turning into a
zombie okay this is may complete sense
of the story came from Florida where
there's bath salts and shit and people
eating each other's faces my girly
because of the incident was not only the
fact that the 23 year old Damon Perry
and his now deceased friend Christopher
Pakman we're drinking quote a ton of
alcohol but also because apparently due
to have been binge watching The Walking
Dead and he couldn't decipher between
real life and the show and is
unbelievable as that story is I can
actually relate to it I mean I've never
killed anyone at least the police know
about but like after watch Breaking Bad
the first time I was 100% certain I
could be a drug dealer turns out though
selling drugs is not like selling
girl-scout cookies hello hello I also
want to need to be interested in buying
some crystal meth No all right I'm sorry
I understand but thank you anyways
Pastor I'll see you at church fine
anyways Patman then began jokingly
pretending he was turning into a zombie
to which Barry responded by kicking him
hitting him in the face with a microwave
and then stabbing him with a knife to
quote Killian before he turns into a
zombie curry was then taken to jail for
first-degree murder and is still
awaiting trial next month about news a
woman was the rest of the other day in
an Alaskan Subway sandwich shop after
she locked herself in the bathroom then
when finally coming out decided to
destroy chairs tables and ceiling fans
and finally smear her own shit all over
the store
what the fuck what was she doing in the
bathroom to make her do this did she
drink the potion that turns dr. Jekyll
and mr. Hyde
she buddy an inject venom into her body
like Bane from Batman and Robin
supposedly done the 35 year old Niki a
Braille was on a synthetic form of
marijuana called spice but if I know
anything about marijuana is that it
makes you hungry and everything becomes
hilarious so you can't get so high on
marijuana that you're like Japanese knew
my shit on everything and break stuff no
but I mostly feel bad for just the
employees that were working but imagine
if there were actually any customers in
there while she was doing this take
subscribe
what kind of there was to cheat there's
so much poop anyways due to these
supposedly twenty thousand dollars in
damages that Niki did to the store she
was later arrested for third-degree
criminal mischief harassment and
resisting arrest and lastly what the
fuck news it probably one of the
weirdest stories I've ever covered hold
on was arrested last week after she was
caught masturbating in a Walmart
bathroom stall with a giant Jimmy Dean
sausage oh okay
I guess when you can't afford dildos and
you can't go get some man meat next best
thing is sausage meat right no no it's
not it's called use your fingers and
preferably not in a Walmart bathroom
anyways one of the Walmart employees
went into the bathroom of the Louisiana
Walmart to find 33 year old Shaniqua
Johnson who looks like a high-ranking
voodoo priestess with their pants down
putting a large sausage in her vagina
according to the worker he also claims
that the site was something that will
quote haunt his dreams forever it also
went on to say she didn't even stop she
just stared at me and then kept going oh
you just know that this guy just stays
awake day after day just rolling around
in his sheets with his eyes wide open
saying why was that sausage so big
anyways the traumatized Walmart employee
who caught her then radio his superior
which I'm sure was the most awkward
conversation ever uh Jim um yeah so
there's a lady in the bathroom and she
just put a Jimmy Dean sausage in her in
her vagina I'm sorry what is she still
there um yeah she's actually staring at
me right now while continuing to put it
inside of her that's when the
call the police where it then reportedly
took seven female officers to get her
out of the stall and she wouldn't even
stop doing it when the officers told her
to after all was said and done though
she was arrested and taken into custody
for shoplifting indecent exposure and
resisting arrest
one question I had though is what did
they do with the sausage did they throw
it away did they put it back on the
shelf I mean it is Walmart I wouldn't be
surprised why does the sausage smell
weird anyways that is it for this
episode of what the fuck dude my
question the day for you guys is what is
the weirdest thing that you've ever
experienced in a grocery store leave
your answers in the comments down below
all of today's stories as always in the
description down below is when that's
all of my links for you guys go make
sure to check out my channel youtube.com
slash cat deaf stuff it's guaranteed
more fire than your mixtape that is
probably the weirdest way I've ever
promoted my channel that being said
though guys I will see you next time for
another what the fuck news thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
