hey guys guess what we just did new
podcasts with special guests oh my god
she's bad go check out the pocket
soundcloud.com sunshine friends
shouldn't they watch it or listen to it
listen to it let's do it yeah yours had
to be guys okay so today's video is
going to be a little bit different and I
really debated whether or not I should
put it up because it's so weird
but then I was like you know what I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna expose my secret
I'm gonna tell you guys something that
you don't know okay my thumbnails my
thumbnails are fake I know it's a shock
the secret has been exposed you guys
don't know what to do with this
information
you're like Bechet whenever I see you in
a thumbnail 100 I thought that was real
well it is kind of so whenever I shoot a
video I always at the end of the video
shoot a thumbnail face so basically it's
like okay if I'm eating crazy Donuts or
something I'm like oh I got to get a
good thumbnail so then I'll make a face
eat the doughnut and I was like you know
be funny what if I put together a video
from the last couple months of all the
moments where I made thumbnail faces and
it is the weirdest thing you'll ever see
I'm just warning you it's scary it's sad
it's weird it'll make you laugh for like
an uncomfortable way I don't know it's
like eight minutes long girls around
snack get ready and enjoy the
uncomfortableness see after the video
you
Oh
oh wait I was scared happy
I mean I'm not gonna hit her up
just maybe sad so just like yeah not
Pichardo look at my house skinny looks
hope you put it behind you that's why
her really sexy no arms okay wait till
you have a forehand okay
 can we use the bad under with
musica bonus material bye guys see told
you that was uncomfortable well I hope
you guys enjoyed that hopefully you
enjoyed seeing how much work I put into
my videos and my thumbnails and
hopefully you appreciate that you can
show your appreciation by give me a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day I know I
love you guys and I hope you laughed at
that and also felt weird and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye alright / make it
look more dramatic
I told you I told you I told you
my god oh my god I feel do you feel your
chest stop it yes
is it hard to breathe right oh my god
