hey guys guess what we just did new
podcasts with special guests oh my god
she's bad go check out the podcast
soundcloud.com so shady friends
shouldn't they watch it or listen to it
listen to it let's do it yeah years well
hello everybody
why not be like that why are you scared
enough I am you with luminary boy thank
you I am really excited right now
because she texted me and she was like
hey sorry we G bored video and I grew up
in a Christian household terrified of
them I was never allowed to play with
them and I believe in this shit and I
was like I'm coming over I'm so scared
about I am scared that I'm gonna see
something I'm gonna feel something that
when we're done I'm gonna still feel
like stuff in my house that's scaring me
for the rest of my life but there's just
something about it that makes me want to
like try it all of those things are
gonna happen okay
mainly just cuz I came over like give it
a smell like that I left it okay you're
gonna like feel my odor no in all
honesty ii and i I haven't told you this
because I wanted to keep it for the
video
oh my god second I walked in here I was
like holy fuck you know that
oh my god is it the best idea what
someone was murdered in my building
oh yeah in the room across the one right
across from at the husband murdered his
wife oh I can never feel that oh no you
came a second I came in here do you have
problems with your love life oh I
wouldn't say problems but I'm not have
you ever tried to kill your husband no
oh no you're thought it represented that
situation is love is that a bad feelings
room that she's super fun like I the
energy coming out of that situation is
like so intense which is perfect as
we're sitting a ring from oh my god are
you doing this shit scary
I'm very enjoy that's it you guys I hope
you are if you notice about you I know
talking about YouTube until the last
month because I don't think I'm crazy
but feel ghosts I feel shit I can tell
here's how you can feel it I've told
that but I'll tell you when you feel the
presence the cold thing is kind of a
myth
ok it's more of like a slight panic
attack kind of it'll like pressure yeah
I'm kind of like you feel like there's
pressure in your chest it's getting kind
of hard to breathe at sleep para what
I've had sleep paralysis there's more
only twice but it was that panic and
your heart racing you can't move and you
just feel this pressure on your chest
that's like a demon okay right wonderful
I know just to make it even scarier I
brought my joy yourself a calendar this
is hanging up in her apartment
ironically which was the scariest thing
I've ever seen about myself gave me of
Jo I've actually wanted to my laughs
because I'm scared
I just guys so tingly over the last time
we could this was a calling tough but
she still texts me to this day and she's
like Shane there's something in the
house you left to here I'm gonna do in
the cleansing of this place under when
you leave you should just do that
anyways when I reckon over I'm like
getting nervous because I already feel
shit coming out of there and I already
went I was in the hallway felt stuff
coming out of there so when you said
that made sense
okay okay you're gonna put my fingers
the dryers outside don't help series
down oh that thought there was a doctor
yeah sound like a floppy pajama okay so
first what we're going to do is we're
gonna go in a circle twice and when we
do this we're very seriously say hello
spirits we welcome you with open arms
we want to turn it heads out okay we're
not making fun it's like if we're make
they walk okay I feel like you and I are
taking this shit seriously on this is
kind of scary okay hello spirits
yeah cap is here tell them your full
name my name is Katherine Valdes I'm
already doing the chills and we are here
to talk to you and hear what you have to
say see if there's anything you want to
tell us here with open arms and we're
not making fun of you here we go
so dumb idea so first we have to ask if
there's somebody here hey I already feel
shit like a guy spirits is there
somebody with it's already fucked no no
shame I'm not doing that I swear to god
I'm not doing that
oh my god stop she another oh my god I'm
not doing that
I'm not doing that I'm not doing that
you're doing that oh oh my god I told
you I told you I fucking told you oh my
god oh my god I feel do you feel your
chest stop it yes it's getting hard to
breathe right oh my god oh it's on yes
okay like over okay oh my god oh my god
I've never been more real of YouTube in
my entire life this is terrifying can we
just pick nice people
yeah but woman who murdered her husband
she said no no it's the man who murdered
man who were twice well the wife is dead
I feel bad for her wait where's the
husband he's in jail well that's good
okay so we got this Americans are
sneaking well I like you prison here I
don't need you there you look really
cool we'll ask if they lived in this
building okay okay spirit we know you're
here with us now are you from this
building I'm not doing that it's like
slowly oh my god I'm gonna throw up guys
it is just moving to the gasps oh my god
as you feel that full it's like you have
medic it feels like I'm that medic whoa
that one oh my god oh my gosh okay so
that's when you know and I'm just gonna
shaking so bad I'm just gonna be honest
with you so that's like a drag okay and
that's when you know that
this is it's like either a not happy
okay
so then one want to piss them all would
be really intense and they just want to
like gasp bitch yes yes yes bitch let's
get to the actual questions I feel like
I'm meeting friends right now I'm not
okay what should we ask and one of the
donkeys okay so clearly spirit you let
us know you're here and you're from this
building we want to know how do you
thought please yet you're are you do
it's going so I'm just lifting it up I'm
barely touching it oh my god my groove a
way to come out here maybe feel safer
Pokagon saga but literally it was like
flying over I can't act guys I'm not an
actress I'm so fucking scared right now
oh my god
oh so whoever it is has not made peace
so what do you know so you know that and
guy killed his wife I was a professor it
was back in like 2007 I think well I was
not that long ago okay I think oh she
doesn't 700 maybe 2003 sometime in the
early 2000s we should ask him it's her
okay spirit were you living across the
hall he got murdered by your it's moving
murder by your husband it's moving - no
guys it's moving so fast oh my god you
can see that I'm with in mind yeah right
okay
- really - no it's moving - no so it's
not that person I'll ask if they like me
but that's the bird first grammar were
you murdered stop oh man it's moving
very slowly I'm gonna ask what year they
died moving it like a pivot yeah this is
weird
right now that's good you like to be my
dealer West you know angry mad it's
moving fast no no it's really so fast
now it's almost like I'm used to it
which is like I know we're like yeah
it's now it's just wow I should ask what
her name is
spirit tell us what your name is so we
can talk to you it's definitely movin
strong that's definitely movin strongest
not V is it stopping on me okay we've
got me okay
god this is so scary
fine is it going it's all offense oh
maybe it's not this I know I'm
concentrated this just real dies like
I'm not trying to be funny in a video
right now
I felt that is second I went to be yeah
Oh Victoria I was feeling Vicki yeah
it's going to see right now so probably
a bit oh my god okay like diarrhea
when is this might fascinates me really
not you it's okay I'm gonna do this game
oh my god holy fuck okay oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my throw up
oh my god it's okay it's okay
okay is it going Vic maybe it's with no
okay right see see I see why maybe it's
making it something fun we can do since
we know that Ghost is here and we know
their name
oh we can tweet for people to ask
questions haha that's so fun what do you
think about 5 seconds of summer Vicki
okay I'm gonna turn on my ghost radar
app ghost and talk through anything even
as stupid it really doesn't matter if
you give them out what they can talk to
it so this app I've had very weird
experiences with this where I would like
in a garage and it sends to a sidecar
like it said all these things over
right now it's trying to pick up ghosts
sorry put it here up here just says
random words that the ghost is trying to
say and if a big green dot appears so
that's just for backup
okay all right so I knew we should ask
Vicky but you said you might ask but you
like to yeah yeah are you sure you ready
for this okay I think so I am I'm
feeling confident okay I'm gonna ask do
you like me yes it's going fast oh oh my
gosh well she's looking she's like
sliding into your DMS it's like really
no wow like I'm not doing that
oh my gosh that has never moved more
quickly
oh my gosh I hope you bonded she's part
of the calorific fan club without any I
don't ask what she subscribed
I'm just kidding walls like they don't
have YouTube in hell that was crazy
let's think of something else okay Vicky
oh my god there's a fucking ghost dot
right behind us in that room I fucking
told you didn't say that should we ask
that dot that seance was asked if she's
in that room and she can come in here
she's a hundred per second she asked I
come in here Vicky are you in the room
behind us Robby yes and that's slightly
really fast
it's like going so fast but I'm almost
not even touching it it's just like
going oh my god my think is what like oh
god oh my god oh my god it's in the room
with us oh my god it's so big whoa my
god the dot is so big and it just said
afraid Vicky
are you afraid Wow she's a ghost be
afraid wow she's afraid she
whoa Philipp ruch yes that's a drag yeah
but the drag huh that's insane
I'm sorry Nicky Vicky's afraid Vicky who
should I front of us she's right here oh
my god
imma play this footage back and see what
we see okay Vicky home
whoa you in her house okay well maybe we
should ask if there's like anything else
you know can we help her Vicky is there
anything we can do to help it's going to
know yeah sorry but well there's no way
for us to help it gave damn every time
we finish playing a game well it's not
really a game oh we have to say goodbye
okay if you don't do that you could
leave it open and I'm not kidding those
who come through and there could be
demons in your house and it's bad
we're just gonna go one two three
goodbye yeah there you guys go
that was us talking to Vicki Oh a man
who definitely died in that room a
hundred percent
did she wasn't murdered right she was
not murdered I got an old age I don't
know how the circus means which is sad
we can't help her but she likes me oh
and that's all that matters you should
know I drink the fuck out
we're gonna Missouri with us how are you
feeling it gonna be okay I'm actually
feeling better I feel like you know it's
crazy I was in Colleen's house there's a
demon trying to kill her my health team
is trying to kill me here it's a old
lady protecting you she's like oh my
gosh she got that cat with dogs and not
just yet her everywhere I go people try
to kill me let's go make sure her cats
channel we watch the scary videos we
watched people die on roller coasters
wish someone had your song so it like
that I didn't watch it I couldn't do it
so make sure you go to her channel
subscribe and watch that video also give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe to
my channel that means everything they
leave the comment down below telling me
who I should lead you with next and also
what questions or what dead people we
should contact I'm gonna be honest this
one maybe nauseous and sick and I'm very
nervous to go oh but I'm with you okay
you guys later maybe hope you guys had
fun hating us we all of us affecting me
with you and us and Vicky we'll see you
why would anybody buy this so you know
have fun pretend you're Harry Potter you
ready boo I'm gonna go through bread cuz
I feel like that's blood and I get to do
that last period ah yeah like cheese on
a period and you're like I'm a good
boyfriend where's yours a happy vomit
yeah if you pussy vomited oh you see
that
