hey guys guess what we just did new
podcasts with special guests oh my god
she's bad go check out the pocket
soundcloud.com so she and friends
shouldn't they watch it or listen to it
listen to it let's do it yeah years
changing I'm Daniel Habib you'll support
the works press for crooks I don't know
I'm statue a yes we're doing a Harry
Potter a fucking Kenny Hall I've never
seen Harry Potter everything why would I
hear about a kid haha because they've
seen it
I know I've ever seen it which is fun
because now I can just make fun of
everything and I don't care I'll let you
know that would be very proud of expert
Backman it's like really you in on
everything that's something there's
really got little Horcrux or something
but I don't remember I can't remember
spells like that sounds like a whore on
crutches yeah I'm saying it's going to
be funny like cuz the horror referent
just didn't work
that's like me when I broke my leg or on
average Todd so yes we have some Harry
Potter candies I'm very excited and
we're gonna try them and let you guys
know if they are magical or if they are
wrong that's what it is
alright let's start with this because
this looks like it's not going to be
good I just put a delicacy it's been in
my fridge everybody's gonna want to eat
this I said I gotta save it for a video
of chocolate frogs everyone living wage
where did you wait a second so what does
it mean in the movie chocolate frogs
what they get when they're first on the
way to here top of it awesome the
commercial chocolate frog and the Frog
ha happy is it Oh
you were hurting what did I say the
trigger was how do we do it if I cut up
just like the half of the hole yeah do
it oh it's nice profile that was so good
mmm look that you get in there that's
terrifying
is it anything is it living got a frog
it's just you sweetheart but it's good
it's like a chocolate bunny oh yeah if I
don't eat to drop my I'm a big man
chocolate yeah I need will stop
something like if the Frog had like like
some like caramel inside of him listen
Peter like but like he's beautiful no
matter what but like the insides were a
little lackluster yes in the inside no
more counts is why everyone says 100%
Joey blue these are interesting I don't
like gummy stuff but I do like the
factory look like slugs and they're all
different flavors
let's do game okay close your app
clitoris mal all right are you ready mom
and you have to guess what it is
slap you around Harry really no no I
combo oh no it's pear oh boy I'm gonna
gay because you love your tongue night
I'm gonna do the same thing ready
we'll have you know what it is Matt
there is a little hoarsely it's the only
one of the flavored I really want you to
have that place Oh what do you get was
Oh what is it gonna put me freely in my
mouth next we have pumpkin juice Oh
pumpkin juice
how can you believe it everything okay
I'm kind of excited and kind of decided
that like I don't know if it's Harry
Potter but it came from Harry Potter
world oh it is the Wizarding World of
Harry Potter
pumpkin I guess they drink often trips
but looking like Adama I miss something
but I never am victim who do they butter
beer with you Wow
oh that smells okay wait we should pour
it in our little Oh me girls fancy down
a channel which by the way from what is
your nutrition PETA's channel oh that
looks so gross
smells like old people spit it just get
literally just like stung me what are
they like you taste like when you eat
too much pumpkin pie and then you throw
up in your mouth no it's good isn't it
better really you don't taste the bile
by like right before you throw up in
your mouth gets hotter and it's like
sour oh but the taste in my mouth like
it I don't hate it
it's also been sitting in heat because
there's that old apartment and it will
depart about 100 degrees every day so
love that so yeah it's a bit it's brew
it does what are these these are fizzy
whiz bees delicious snacks everybody's
favorite chocolate made with fizzy
fruits I don't know what is it oh I'm
excited they look you are the topper you
do what is that Oh
good oh my god don't be oh it's working
there's pop Roxana you feel it
watch literally the guy you're here to
here though yeah you just you can poke
with it and then you'll die oh really
yeah you did pop rock and hope you're
dieting perfect now I know a delicious
way out oh that's a good idea for my
book title delicious suicides I don't
know about that one
these are like old school like the
original bean boozled this is like a
really cool little thing yeah pretty
about that me flavor jelly bean it's
like American Horror Story like you like
I have nothing on it I don't get there I
can't get into it I can't get into it
these ones on the taste like ass home
yes candy floss sausage rock egg boogies
black pepper earwax grass vomit so dirt
earthworm there's no good ones
so this is all bad well there's a
watermelon like marshmallow why would
anybody buy this so you know have fun
pretend you're Harry Potter ready boo
I'm gonna go through bread because I
feel like that's blood and I get to do
that last period ah yeah like cheese on
a period and you're like I'm a good fit
that would look good boyfriend was yours
a happy vomit yeah if you pussy vomit it
up you see that evil b + c with a new
blood a whole pussy did yeah
the whole thing fly what's the yahood it
off
I said no don't worry about it you'll
grow it back perfect oh they're broken
eggs what blooded I can't believe all
kiddin me and that's the one who you
swallow okay here we go about this this
is fudge flies are these made with real
fires ah she's a little flies oh honey
they're kind of cute oh there's no fly
in that and larysa they're chased again
any cousin front to it or something just
just chocolate no over that where guys
go magically we made it through the
video without offending all the Harry
Potter fans
I don't think exactly you're very
respectful to the culture yes we are
very respectful of Hermione and
reminding kinda rolling down Whitely and
Dumbo fucked up resembled oh he's act
like five times
and resonate for one of my hands well
guys if you want to dress up like Snape
and send her some snaps
trishaw my tail
hopefully got that funny oh that's very
funny with you but and make sure to go
over her channel subscribe and also
watch our Mean Girls candy haul that got
really fucking me and Bernie espa√ßo
Tommy Burns
also go over there yeah yeah and leave a
comment down below telling us what candy
wants to try next
also subscribe because I make new videos
every single day but wait before I go I
got a train coming
uh-huh oh my god you might want to be
part such a fuck
that's happening so fast oh my god it's
like when the woman at the Cheesecake
Factory is like we're painting back to
me my order she's like okay so you got
my coconut bread moment we're letting
everybody know breadsticks a minute in
nachos with excuse and chicken on ciders
then wacom always hungry yes yes yes
bring it
