hey guys guess what we just did new
podcasts with special guests oh my god
she's bad go check out the podcast
soundcloud.com so shady friends
shouldn't they watch it or listen to it
listen to it let's do it yeah years hey
guys
yes today I'm going to be reacting to
another music group that I have never
fucking heard of I did fifth harmony I
did 5sos or sauce fucking soup I don't
know you guys got very mad at me for
mispronouncing it and today I would be
watching 21 pilots I think that's what
it was 21 planes I don't know so far I
pretty much liked every band that you
guys have showed me so hopefully I like
this one and if I don't well here come
the fandom to kill me what are their
fans called like Iowa passengers no
planes sad Airport ladies hmm
okay here we go first I'm gonna do a
Google search oh okay interesting it's
just two boys
false advertisement if you ask me
looking for a group at 21 okay so one of
them is real happy or actually no what
no one of them is really happy and then
the other one it's like really sad it
covers it up with a smile I know that
drink either that or they caught him
right before sneeze there is again wait
is that him no that's him no see what
happened was he was looking up into the
sky that makes you sneeze and then
that's what happened okay they can never
take a normal picture it's like you know
what I'm gonna do duck face but they
took it to the next level it's like you
know I'm gonna cover half my face with a
hoodie then I'm gonna look up at the sky
then they don't bear do they have a
normal picture no no no I mean come on
do we know what they look like I mean
that's just like a cut shot oh the fuck
I'm starting to get the feeling that
these guys are insane and I like it
sometimes to stay alive you gotta kill
your mind I'm gonna have to disagree
what does that mean like you're alive
but you're right now work although you
know what here on YouTube I have seen a
lot of that okay let's watch one of
their music videos this one is called
stressed out girl
I'm with you okay we're on a street oh
okay he's not a big old bike is this rap
if you have lactase but that's not like
that's like blackneck it's a whole other
controversy i wish somebody sounds
overheard wait he's British
is he British or is he doing that voice
that like some American people do and
you're like are you British but you're
like no you're not very confusing
I missed the signs of the shopmen Sutton
nailed it
I wish it didn't happen I always wonder
what somebody over the age of 20 is
doing with the backpack yeah I mean like
where you going granted I have a man
purse so probably worse name is
blurryface that was my name in high
school mainly cuz in the yearbook nobody
ever want a picture of me so it was like
picture of a bunch of people hanging out
then like leaned far in the background
was like me by the tree like totally
blurry just a big fat lump I'll do the
other one oh that's a lot happening okay
now we get it I'm pretty sure that was
the one from that so Raven right like
chousen raven they have their secret
handshake
okay I'm a little confused I don't hate
it I'm trying to figure it out it's like
rap but it's not it's like rock but it's
not here's a black neck I don't really
understand that is that a tattoo if it
is what okay let's try one more so one's
called lame boy okay he's in a dark room
oh wait his neck is black again this is
his thing his thing is a black neck I'm
sorry if I offended you mr. black neck
it looks great on you I couldn't do it
but I also could never get an ear
piercing because you know I'm already
buy so I'm already like walking that
fine line pierced ear would just throw
me right to an asshole
oh it's a good choreography I love it oh
no he was just squatting I was expecting
like some kind of like up like don't
tease me like brain whoa look at all the
teeth ball
what's the matter now what's happening
you're falling down the floating shark
ruins it no I'm saying it's like a deep
moment he's like on the ground
he's like I'm about to say some powerful
stuff and then you have like oh my gosh
oh the shock to me no I got it let me
get that motherfucker out okay let's
watch one more this one is called ride
this poor motherfucker I feel like he's
like does anybody have a studio y'all
making me play in a bedroom and a garage
now I'm gonna modify the forest I've
know that are the air conditioning you
know how tiring it is the drum trying to
kill him
that's happening so fast oh my god it's
like when the woman at the Cheesecake
Factory is like we're painting back to
me my order she's like okay so you got
my coconut bed motor with an N bread
wanna bread sink them in now just with X
treatment you go inside welcome all
these okay yes yes yes bring it okay I
did it now I get it now it took me a few
songs now I get it
it's like rah rah rah rah
it's not that but it's good I like it I
actually you don't hate this maybe I'll
download some music maybe I'll give it a
try I think it's interesting people try
to make different types of music into
one music and make like a new version of
music sometimes it works like this
sometimes it doesn't like a lot of stuff
Ashlee Simpsons done but I still stand
behind her what are you guys ago that
was my review of 21 pilots
I give them 21 out of 21 planes that are
not going to crash let me know down in
the comments what band or music actor or
singer or whatever I should react to
next
and this is really cool you guys are
showing me new music that I never would
have heard it before I'll say this video
a thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos a physical day and if you
want to send this video to 21 pilots do
it or if you want to send my fifth
harmony video or my five saucy video
I'll send it to them too
all right you guys hope you're funny
with me have any of you any mom why oh
they're very dry and old and stale but I
like the idea maybe would have been
better if I ate it right away
and not had to sit in my car for a while
but they're pretty just remember that
next time you get a Lucky Charms donut
don't leave in the car also kids don't
leave those in the car because they get
stale and not good to eat either I like
my kids warm fresh zero out of zero
everything
