hey guys guess what we just did new
podcasts with special guests oh my god
she's bad go check out the pocket
soundcloud.com so she and friends
shouldn't they watch it or listen to it
listen to it let's do it yeah years hey
guys this is going to be one of my
favorite videos I have ever made in my
entire life
I know I do a lot of videos where I
taste food and I go oh good thing and I
throw it up this time is gonna be a lot
different cuz I can tell you you're
about to see six orgasms in a row and
I'm a squirter so put on your poncho I
got a box of doughnuts from someplace in
LA this is not hashtag spots but it
should be and look at these just look at
oh oh okay
uh-huh oh oh there's a lot happening so
I have seen people tweet pictures of
themselves with like really fancy
doughnuts and be like just hanging out
net placing and chillin and it's always
like the skinniest girl in the world
like please if you ate one of these you
would not be the skinniest go in the
world you would be me so I searched the
internet I found a place I went there
and I got all the craziest ones I had
let's get started whoo okay I'm gonna
start with this one because this is the
one I've seen him a lot of people's
pictures oh my god they're so wet oh
this is the French toast crunch
oh she's falling apart she's undressing
not yet girl look at her oh okay oh it's
like a little berry muffin Oh mixed with
cinnamon mix what ooh there's some on
the inside oh she's filled okay here we
go
Oh mmm
okay first hit you with that doughnut
texture but that old-school donor
texture it's like wet on the outside dry
on the inside but still soft enough for
you to grab it kinda like me and then
each of the icing the icing is like a
blueberry muffin it start to the
blueberry hit you with him up and hit
you with the sugar hit you with cinnamon
the cinnamon toast on crunchy gives you
that crunch it gives you that blueberry
muffin crunch going Mimi's Cafe when
they give you that blueberry muffin over
the meal and you're like damn I don't
need a blueberry muffin that big for my
pizza kids here but you know what what
about just like that I give this 5 out
of 5 Kylie's listen Kyle I eat these I
think I've seen pictures of her well she
doesn't eat them she just takes pictures
with them but relying kindly so cool
next I had something a little more
simple I kind of feel like I already
know what this is gonna taste like
oh it's heavy
got excited this is just a signature M&M
donut the mini M&Ms which by the way did
not know they made anymore I thought
these were done but they're back and
bitch they're in me let's get it oh it
has that that crunch but it also has
that softness because it's been sitting
my car for three hours the doughnut
itself perfection can't get better than
glaze on top it comes like a melted
candy bar or like melted M&Ms and then
they put non melted eminence on top it's
a simple classic beauty it's not filled
which I'm slightly disappointed in that
would take it to that extra level like
right now it's a Justin Bieber's penis
from my 2012 but like without failing we
could take out the 2015 gar Theor I give
that three and a half out of five
literally my life Lucky Charms
oh this one was the one I was pretty
most excited about because I've never
seen Lucky Charms Lahab of a donut I
don't know how it's gonna go though
because these are like my least favorite
part of Lucky Charms I like the little
marshmallows I'm just gonna put one
right there where I'm gonna bite and I
don't really know what the flavor of the
topping is but if you eat enough of
these well you're not gonna get lucky
cuz nobody wants that here we go oh god
we did our first speed bump we have our
first snag
we had a herd detour we did not get
lucky oh they're very dry and old and
stale but I like the idea maybe you
would have been better if I ate it right
away and not had to sit in my car for a
while but they're pretty just remember
that next time you get a Lucky Charms
donut don't leave in the car also kids
don't leave those in the car cuz they
get stale and not good to eat either I
like my kids warm fresh zero out of zero
everything's oh this one is called the
Snickers bar now I don't know what that
means I don't know if there's actual
Snickers on the inside here let's open
her up let's do some surgery oh my god
hold on I need to show you guys Oh Birds
oh haha oh she came out oh look at her
that's actually kind of gross I don't
know how to feel about this okay you
know what though I'm not gonna judge it
I'm still gonna eat it so there is a
Snickers bar on the inside it has been
fried in there which is genius and then
on the outside he's like nuts and
chocolate and my fingers look like Doody
let's do it let duty
oh my god how are they why did they oh
oh oh I did not think I was gonna wake
up but I love that I love that so much
the candy bar on the inside is like
melted but like still you can taste the
candy bar but kind of taste like sugary
mush poo which by the way it would be a
really nice bath well side note but no
this is really good the texture on the
outside is crispy and then you get that
form in the center then on top you get
the Krispies and then I didn't notice
there's a little peanut butter chunks on
top that's good not the best one here
and then nothing in the segment broke
pedal up my new book so I'm gonna give
that one a 2 out of 5 notes in my go fun
for a second but get them out of there
you know I mean okay second to last we
have food Froot Loops now this one is
also in a lot of Instagram so music
videos and stuff and I'm excited about
it because I love Froot Loops and
honestly gay pride by pride bribe pride
man fucking dicks the cereal on top is
not working but it looks pretty and
that's all that matters seriously kids
remember that ah but there's a hair in
it I'm not gonna judge it for that
though cuz you know I have hairs and I'm
pretty but no it's not good the actual
donut is okay but no the cereal gets
very stale it's not good but uh you know
I'm not mad at that but I might be
because my last donut looked attrocious
this is a cronut which I don't know and
there's bacon on top now listen I like
bacon I'm not a big bacon in my sweets
person somebody was like have you ever
tried chocolate-covered bacon and I was
like I'm sorry I don't do crack the fuck
would think of that why would you cover
bacon and chocolate what's next caramel
tuna ooh actually sounds kind of good
I'll write that down okay so here we go
the woman told me that cronuts are
supposed to be pulled apart Tom don't do
that yeah that worked
thanks crazy lady crazy fuckin doughnut
lady it throws everything in her
cabinets on top of doughnuts okay here
we go
oh no the saltiness of the bacon that
was obviously cooked a month ago mix it
the sweetness that's gross that is no no
oh that almost ruined this entire
experience for me
ha that's like when you go to an
amusement park and you've had so much
fun all day and then you've gone that
water ride and you get water all over
yourself
and then your pants gets pecked your
legs and you get that chub rub because
you know jeans when they get wet that's
a problem and then your whole fucking
experience of the whole day is ruined
until you get a phone cake I mean you're
happy again
so I'll just take another bite of this
and then I'll be good mmm
that made me forget about all of the
problems boy yeah guys go that was me
trying stuff that well I thought I was
gonna like and I did for the most part
let me a comment down below telling me
what you want me to eat next
also which one of these doughnuts do you
want to get your face on also make sure
to give this video thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I am going to go
wash my hands and I wash my hands
I mean lick those motherfuckers still
the skin comes off say guys later bye
guys weren't an alcohol store right now
and Drew's not supposed to be here cuz
he's not 21
are you scared this stuff looks great
