that's it guys yes I I am really really
nervous right now I don't know how I'm
gonna do this okay hold on I wanted to
start a series on this channel that's a
little more real and a little more like
genuinely myself and I also wanted to
try something that would make me
uncomfortable so here we are I want to
connect with people from my past who I
haven't seen in a long time for a lot of
different reasons for example like some
family members I haven't seen in a while
or even people from high school that
hated me and bullied me I kind of just
want to like meet up with them and talk
and see what happens and film it bad
idea but the person that I wanted to do
this with the most is the first person
that I ever fell in love with and it
didn't end well and that person is a
girl named Blair Bauer hmm
even just saying the name makes me want
to crash my head into a wall not in a
bad way like I don't hate her I just I
oh it's so deep and dark okay let me
start at the beginning so there is this
girl named Claire Fowler
or on YouTube she's known as juicy star
oh seven so juicy star was one of the
biggest in first makeup gurus on YouTube
she was trying hair tutorials and makeup
tutorials and brand deals there's this
new product out on the line that is
called my cleanse and it looks like this
and I think I found out about her
channel because it clicked on one of her
videos where she mentioned me so first
things first yes I am totally in a
shanedawsontv t-shirt I was really
excited I thought it was really cool and
nice and sweet that she did that so I
think I tweeted her I don't really
remember and then she had talked about
me in other videos like interviews and
stuff what other youtubers do enjoy
besides me who comes to your mind you're
like oh I always see them
you love Shane Dawson's shout out to say
so then we started talking on direct
messages she came out to LA we met up
with hung out like once it was a lot of
fun and then she went back to where she
came from which was Tennessee and then
we just like kept DMing back and forth
so she says hey Shane haven't talked to
you in a while just want to make sure
you're still doing great can't wait to
come back to LA I said hi how are you
I'm doing good but LA and one of her DM
she said don't be a stranger winky face
I'm just saying
and then we damaged a lot after that
okay this is where it starts to get
embarrassing so then she moved to LA and
I hung out with her and I thought she
was really pretty I was kind of obsessed
with her well we have this night if you
want the full story read about it in my
book I wrote a whole chapter on it I
have no idea if she's read it or not I'm
gonna have to ask her I'm scared so
basically what happened was we're
sitting in her bed and I was helping her
with something on her computer and then
she started like making moves on me I
don't know she put her head on my
shoulder she like stroked my harm and by
the way this was like a 20 to 23 year
old virgin Shane who had never been
kissed before had never had a girlfriend
boyfriend nothing I used to be 400
pounds so like no girl had ever even
looked at me and this pretty girl is
sitting next to me in her bed like
rubbing me so I instantly just like fall
in love like be instantly so then we
start hanging out a lot after that
nothing happened we didn't kiss we
didn't do anything so then that night I
ended up sleeping over like we fell
asleep in her bed and I woke up the next
morning I was just like oh my god I just
slept with a girl that's so lame but I
was really excited so then we kept
hanging out and I just kept becoming
more and more obsessed with her
and I loved her a lot now listen I know
it sounds stupid because clearly we
didn't kiss we didn't do anything so why
would I have fall in love with her but I
did I like genuinely ideon feels we're
talking about it now i genuinely loved
her so much
I remember like picking her up to hang
out and just watching her walk out of
her
and just like my heart would start
racing and I would just be like oh my
god oh my god
there she is I love her I love her I
love her I love her and then she get in
the car and I'd be like sweating like
that's how intense it was and it was a
lot and took me a long time to get over
it oh my god what am i doing now I
thought she felt the same way for a few
different reasons number one she was
like touchy-feely a lot laying on me
rubbing me that kind of stuff but also
she asked me to go to Tennessee with her
where she grew up to meet her family
because they wanted to meet me so of
course I was like okay hopped on a plane
and went to Tennessee with her and she
wasn't like the type to want to be in
videos and stuff but I did a vlog with
her once and I just want you guys to see
a second of this the first question is
Shane who's your favorite youtuber you
know who I don't like there's this girl
on YouTube
juicy start and she does like these
makeup tutorials just like her voice and
just the way she is just everything keep
going please
expand on that I know my hair just let's
not talk about it now that was the peak
of like me being a loafer like that was
the peak of it and I can't really
explain it because it sounds so stupid
because we had never kissed or anything
but just the way she would look at me
was like she was in love with me too and
I was just like convinced just look at
that clip again and let's just freeze
frame it when she looks over at me and
you tell me she doesn't look like she's
looking at the love of her life just the
way she is just everything
yeah she literally is looking at me like
I love you or am I making that up I
don't know in my head I see that I still
feel something I'm like oh she loves him
so then we have to talk and I'm like so
you know what are we doing and she's
like what I'm like what are we and she's
like a rather and sister who just
thinking about it right now it makes me
well then after that happened I was
heartbroken I really did think that she
felt the same way looking back it's so
stupid we didn't kiss we didn't do
anything literally nothing happened
and I was a love of this girl like so in
love with her that I would literally
marry her like that's how intense it was
and she was like not at all anyways I
was heartbroken I kind of like stopped
talking to her for a second then she
started dating a guy named Sawyer and so
I am here with my boyfriend today so
cousin Sawyer then I secretly hated him
because he took away the love of my life
I literally cast him in a video so I
could hit him over the head with a chair
I'm gonna go get a chair yeah shut the
fuck up oh and then I made an entire
music video parody about him called
douchebag and I put him in the video and
every time I said - should I get cut -
hit
all aboard
well then they broke up tonight I'm
drawing with a very special guest my
ex-girlfriend hey guys it's like Blair
Fowler and then me and Sawyer actually
talked about it and I apologize for
being so petty and like whatever and
then we became friends and started
making videos together and it was cool
guys yes I'm human soy sauce what's up
everybody but I did not talk to Blair
really at all after and it has been
years and I think about her like a lot
I'm not still in love with her anything
it's not like that it's just like I was
so confused and I was so sad and my
heart was broken and I was mad at her
for a long time and now as I'm almost 30
years old I look back and go home she
didn't she literally was just had a best
friend and probably was like oh my
friends in love with me you know I mean
like it wasn't that big to her but it
was a big deal to me
I mean I literally wrote about it and I
maybe she did feel the same way but she
was scared I don't know we haven't
talked about it like maybe she felt like
something but she didn't know and I was
I don't know or maybe she really
genuinely did just think of me as a
brother I just want to know so here we
are I direct my sister for the first
time in years and I said hey do you want
to reconnect and can i film it and she
wrote back a very simple like okay I
know we are going to her house I was so
scared but I want to do this I want to
talk to her I love her oh no not like
that
I join you only do love her like we were
best friends so it's weird that I
haven't seen her about many years and I
hope that she doesn't
and I wonder if she even knows I'm
dating a guy now there's a lot that's
about to happen
buckle up it's gonna be a bumpy ride all
right
let's see how it goes I saw I just
parked outside of Blair's
place I am like actually really really
scared oh my god oh my god oh my god I
just texted her she's coming oh my god
oh my god oh my god I see her I see her
walking oh my god oh my god oh my god hi
