hello my name is Alexis geez all and
welcome to bond comm we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet so recent internet craze
loosely tied to Halloween is human
beings turning themselves into their
favorite iPhone emojis a lot of emojis
I've been seeing around consistently
grace how they agree enacted the old man
emoji but as you iPhone users and
Twitter users know there are a lot more
emojis to choose from so today I'm going
to be taking some of the lesser-known
lesser represented emojis and putting
them on my face a person moji I'm going
to be putting on my face is this spunky
little guy I mean if this emoji look
like a punch or like a bang bang into
the room all right so we're just gonna
be drawing a nice arc there and are
there there and an arc there we got it
your face has now been sufficiently a
mold you're fine and basically punched
next I recently ran out of makeup wipes
so this is gonna be fun
and B next emoji we're gonna be putting
on my face is this one I like to use
this moji to add a little bit of
gangster a little bit of thug a little
bit of street hooligan rap to every
conversation something is really cool
really dope back to a little 100 next to
it that way everybody knows so again we
were just going to using this one red
lipstick all you gotta do is do a nice
huh oh you know what I stuck in my head
we are still a nice gentle red hue but
we are going to progress forth
nonetheless the next emoji is a pretty
simplistic one you'll only need a
singular prop to make it and here we go
next mode you were reenacting you are
again back to the red lipstick you are
going to take your foot remove the socks
other side and just begin painting the
bottom of your foot like a gentle red
hue boo boo boo boo
it should look like you stepped in blood
color grapes
bow-chicka-wow-wow and with it you are
the foot emoji I think that's what it's
called
then again I
never checked so really I am entirely
guessing throw it off like you what
crime scene I'm going to be teaching you
guys how to make the perfect Nicole
Arbour Halloween costumes classroom
actually requires very minimal supplies
all you're going to need is a trash bag
and a pair of scissors and you're going
to take the truck that pop that sucker
open cut a strategic hole or you want
her overly sized head to be you're also
gonna want to leave some room for her
arms slice and then it's time to put the
costume on all done
