hey guys guess what we just did new
podcasts with special guests oh my god
she's back
we talked about our breakup we talked
about our makeup we talked about where
she is now and we talked about how
jealous she is of chess
bitch I'll cut you whoo I believe that
I'll go check out the podcast
soundcloud.com so she and friends
shouldn't they watch it or listen to it
listen to listen to it yeah years and
the queen will get decapitated rioting
in the g-wagon
literally my life yeah we're writing
g-wagen answer brothers trumping so
we're sitting in the g-wagon waiting in
the g-wagon cruisin cruisin cuz someone
kill themselves on a bridge that's true
there's traffic again somebody uh oh he
didn't he didn't do it but he wanted to
somebody who wanted to kill himself on
the bridge so now we're just waiting
love that though Halloween so we're
going to get Halloween stuff for the
party were throwing same party Ehlinger
Hey Oh Andrew that CD party that's here
oh my god what if you called it that
come get one guys trick-or-treat what
are you gonna be love that I know drew
picked his costume are you ready to tell
them you're gonna be freelee the banana
girl yeah I did not get them on the
youtube for dress-up themed I didn't
know this I'm gonna be Trevor Moran yeah
he's Trevor you're me I didn't know
we're did need you or that are you with
a group so I can't change what are you
gonna be yeah I can't tell you it took
the group I have a group of weird a
group costume this year so I can't
change it wait what group are you in I'm
gonna group you don't even know what the
fuck we have quaddle friends you know Oh
No and by the way Trevor that is not how
you say his name is Trevor Moran I climb
Iran I know you were always saying that
to be Stoops
no I'm I'm not Stu I'm not Stoops and
being Ani oh I love gold guys weren't
enough a whole store right now and
Drew's not supposed to be here cuz he's
not 21 are you scared this stuff looks
great it makes all your problems go away
home it makes you look like this don't
you want that you
that sounded you're sure that's the
nicest thing you've ever said I've said
so many nice things about your body I
have I talk about your arms all the time
my God thank you okay what would you try
if you were forced to try it I know you
don't like our offer what would you
illegally force try this
don't outright crazy try it you should
just a little babysit you could spit it
out for them if you could spit it out
with your tribe I'll put I'll try water
I'll put water I'm pretending for the
camera that's all I need guys we are at
a psychic shop right now because Trish
want some answers about her life I am
ready for him I'm having a meltdown yeah
she having a meltdown we just had nachos
and now we're gonna go ask a psychic
everyone how my stomach is gonna feel
because it's not been great it's not you
to ask that how your stomach is like
what's going on like it's been bad and
sure what are you gonna ask I'm not
doing it why because I'll freak I
honestly will freak out over playing W
can we make a decision right now that
I'm just not gonna do it no you have to
do it cuz we said so your pressure
that's how the world works true I say
you do something you do it Trish says
you do something you do it I feel like
maybe you say either no you can just
watch and then when they say there's a
friend you have whoo he's so lame he
doesn't do any things that you wanted to
do he should get rid of him and I mean
choice you're gonna go mm-hmm and then
guess who gets out of the vlog you never
see him again after this kidding I know
we're gonna do this and then we'll get
let you guys know how it goes okay I'm
so nervous first time guys we're inside
the sidekick right now there's crystals
everywhere bathroom and pudding cups all
over yeah I think we need to go I feel
like I'm in Joey's house build the
crystals and all the gay canyons what if
chili pops out and he's like hey bitch
greeting you did that thank you I'll be
everything look at look at her
just getting it oh my God look there's a
party going on outside this is gonna be
our death there was literally I'm not
getting pudding cups like in the
bathroom everywhere
like and like hair everywhere I felt
very much at home it's gonna be very
accurate I think all right guys we our
target right now looking for a jury's
freely how are you guys okay so give us
a case to tell us how it's looking by
the way we just went to a psychic and
I'm like never mind what's a psychic the
hey Trisha reading it was a little
depressing but pretty spot-on go to her
channel to find out exactly what
happened she has a video called I saw
psychic uh no it was really interesting
I want to go back and like get a reading
juror you're gonna go I don't know I
mean I didn't want you guys to be in
there if I didn't want cuz that sounded
to intone yes you gonna let anyone go
into the room but we we snuck in I got
some secret footage
no and I we were kind of making fun of
the place before but I want to say that
she was actually really good so sorry
that I made fun of the coding cups in
the batter yelping okay so let's talk
about your freely yeah well I felt like
I should get a yellow colored banana
cause I got a bananas it's all about her
tits and like why do they look so good
it's because of the bananas we have to
really capture that we need the headband
and everyone knows that so we're gonna
go with purple pants yeah a little sport
but can't find a yellow sport here yeah
I feel like you should go online commit
to it go online and shop freely why
don't you have merch
yeah oh shit I'm single fruit yourself
hey guys it's the end of the night and
drinking out of a box there's a naked
Trish behind me just like in the
background telling Jews what are you
doing I'm drunk I get your surrounded
back let me show you guys what we got
we're gonna do a video me and Trish
Drew's not invited we got all these
minis mini alcohols and they're all
crazy flavors we got churro
we got birthday cake watermelon we're
gonna do a video where we try them all
and then just vomit this all over the
place you should on camera do it good
thumb good thumb wait oh my god that was
ugly I
so ugly all your mom are you okay he's
allergic to bullshit yes Queen that's
why the psychic he couldn't suck Stevie
kidding we loved her wait I need it I
haven't done a vlog in a while I need a
title in a thumbnail I saw my friend
naked
I saw Trish naked okay shake you like
actually do the boobs out and they're
like oh my god what is your life this is
what youtubers sailing it like I'm so
busy all the tired from working so hard
we worked really hard today use for you
our views for me oh my god so true guys
that's our point of views um go over to
her channel subscribe for her boobies at
Trey drew when I'm on isn't actually
drunk take your boobs out oh Jenny
don't steal my blender oh no I'm it's
nice
tiny bodies no it's it was sad cos it
was almost like when you see like a
child star it's like do the thing and
then they do the thing they're used to
doing you'd like didn't everything that
you're like that's my thing
see you someone asked me to and then
kind of made me feel okay I'll do it
I'll do it yeah no weird manipulation
Shane's next to the next
I'll face tuna all of us all right you
guys hope you have fun even those were
funny with you we're naked awareness you
tomorrow
like I felt like his skin would be
softer I felt like his lips would be
more chapstick I felt like his fragrance
would be more Bath & Body Works in
reality he was kind of scruffy kind of
dry and I'm just gonna say it
smelt like fish not like in a bad way
but like you know oh oh you just put the
Whole Foods kind of way
