hey that's up you guys yes today I'm
going to be doing my first story time
video I seen a lot of youtubers do this
recently I saw a thumbnail the other day
of like a 14 year old blonde girl and it
was called like I escaped a rapist and
then the picture was her going ah and
like an emoji of a scared face like oh
oh so I knew it was time for me to join
the trend now I've never escaped a
rapist before um I'm not even gonna make
a joke about that because well it's rape
but I have escaped a lot of very
uncomfortable kisses which isn't
anywhere near rape so instead of just
doing a typical story time video I
thought it would be fun if I went
through all the people I've ever kissed
now I was thinking about this the other
day and I was like wow I kissed a lot of
people sex not that many kissed the
whole world I've kissed strangers I have
kissed friends I kissed family I've
kissed dead people seriously I kissed my
grandma just you know one last before
they put her in the ground now I don't
even remember all the people I kissed so
to help me trigger my memory I'm
literally gonna Google Shane Dawson
kissed blank and then I'll give you a
story about each kiss here we go Shane
Dawson kissed god there's so many pages
alright let's start with Joey um so I've
talked about this before me Joey I've
kissed a lot
Joey was my first no no he wasn't no he
was like my temp anyways me and Joey's
kiss so long story short I was doing
this video and I needed to kiss Joey in
it it was like a dare video and I was
like hey Joey want to come over and he
was like we're not friends and I was
like yeah vulnerable of youtubers oh
come to my house stranger so he came
over and then he walked inside and I
kissed him he kind of knew was coming
cuz I get my heads-up I was like hey man
do you have her type one cuz I don't and
he was like I don't even know what that
means and I was like you should buy like
a checked his you might so I kind of
knew a kiss was coming and the kiss I'm
not gonna lie it wasn't bad it wasn't
great I think it wasn't great because I
didn't know what to expect I don't know
for some reason I thought kissing Joey
would feel like a woman like I felt like
his skin would be softer I felt like his
lips would be more chapstick I felt like
his fragrance would be more bath and
Bodyworks in reality he was kind of
scruffy kind of dry and I'm just gonna
say it smelt like fish not like in a bad
way but like you know oh oh you just put
the whole foods kind of way so that was
a good kiss after that we just
uncomfortably laughed and then we're
like so how you doing and then I think
we kissed like 10 times in 10 other
videos after that because well you guys
wanted it I don't know why it was
probably the least romantic kiss I've
ever
and I also look like a lesbian
lumberjack in that video in my fucking
red flannel and my straight hair but he
look good so that's all that matters
ok next kiss oh my god ok my first gay
kiss thing
oh nice Ian now I'm not gonna get into
initia because he's not a fan and that's
fine but we did have our first gay kiss
and it was during a game of truth or
dare
we were all sitting in a circle at
VidCon and he was wearing a bulletproof
vest don't know why actually I know why
people want to shoot him anyways we're
City people want to shoot me too though
I should probably wear something now
they'd rather stab me they want to
really see me bleed so we're sitting in
a circle we're going through truth or
dare truth or dare my whole thing with
your third era is I'm like listen I will
literally do anything as long as I don't
take off my clothes as long as it off
the dance as long drunky anything weird
as long as I don't have to kiss anybody
and as long as I don't have to say
anything I want to say so that's that's
nothing ya know I'm a bad player at
truth or dare but I had to do it I had
dared somebody to do something really
crazy so I was like fuck okay I'll kiss
anybody in this room I'm gonna close my
eyes somebody come up and kiss me so I
closed my eyes and I count to 10 and in
my head I'm like maybe this would be
like a moment like maybe I'll kiss
somebody and I'll realize like ah I've
been in love with him the whole time
maybe it'll be Lucas Cruikshank I saw
him in the hallway at VidCon maybe he'll
come in here actually no no it wasn't 18
yet no no no rebeccablack nope nope I
didn't jennxpenn
no she was like 14 either way I'm
waiting for my kiss and then slowly by
slowly by slowly it hits my mouth and it
felt wet it felt wet it Phelps soft it
felt like a womanly angel and then I
opened my eyes and it was oh nice yet it
was very confusing for me his skin was
very soft very supple his lips were
extremely chapstick which I appreciated
and his breath was almost like Pixy Stix
it was kind of like kissing an escort
like an escort who really fixed himself
up in the car before they went in the
house you know I mean like they really
put on a show they really want you happy
and then after that kiss everybody
laughed and then we sat in silence for a
good 30 seconds and then I did a meet
great so just know all the kids who
wanted kisses on their cheeks at that
meeting great got a little taste of
honesty it on their face that's just a
tumblr post waiting to happen next
okay this blonde guy I don't remember
his name he was from Craigslist
we're shooting music video and I was
like okay I need to kiss a guy in this
video cuz that's all the point of the
video is that my aunt thinks I'm gay
none of my friends wanted to do it this
was at a time where I
really know many youtubers so like I
didn't know any other YouTube guys that
would do it so I went on Craigslist and
I typed in need guy for gay kiss
internet video hello
well surprisingly I got a lot of
submissions most of which were over the
age of 40 and Danny types I was looking
for more of a son so I found this blonde
kid and I was like oh okay he looks nice
and bye nice I mean has no idea what's
happening deer and headlight eyes ready
to get taken advantage of so I called
him up and I was like hey babe you want
to come be in this video and he was like
I don't know English very much but yes
$50.00 great sign me up
get your ass over here so it came over
we sat down on the couch and I was like
hey ma'am um so we're gonna kiss in this
next scene so are you okay with that I
mean I know you already know but like
are you nervous do you need to talk
about it should I like butter you up do
you want to put on a date we can go out
on a date really quick Taco Bell is
right down the street they have this new
Crunchwrap after about 10 more minutes
of me rambling he just said I don't care
great glad you're excited okay let's do
it so then we start rolling and I go in
for the kiss and I'm freaking out and
everybody's watching me Lisa was sitting
there this is before we started dating
all my friends are waiting in their head
they're probably all thinking we're
gonna see a firework and we're gonna see
his life change that did not happen I
ate his face this might have been my
first gay kiss I didn't know how to do
it I hadn't really kissed how many girls
before I just went in for it and I'm
pretty sure I made him bleed and I
wrapped my tongue around his teeth which
is not good I don't know who told me to
do that I don't know what TV show told
me to do that I get most my kissing
techniques from Dawson's Creek but I
usually get a lot of the kissing
techniques from like the angry scenes
like when Joey and Pacey were like
fighting it but then they like make up
really fucking hard yeah I pay see the
shit out of him and left him with a
little bit of a bruise whatever I gave
him 50 bucks he's fine okay this next
kiss was not that long ago and it's
actually from a blog where I kissed a
fan at a mean greet now let me just
preface this by saying I was on drugs I
was heavily medicated I had some kind of
food poisoning flu situation and before
I went out to the book signing I pumped
like 10 fucking pills I was gone I was
fucking out and after about like the
first two hours of the meet-and-greet I
had no idea what's happening I no idea
where was I kept going to the back room
and peeing in cups it was very bizarre
and when I came back out there was this
girl and I had seen her at multiple
meeting grades
I don't know how here's like
transporting herself or she has a
triplet either way she was like Christ
she was everywhere all at once and she
was like hey
can you be my first kiss and I was like
show me already she showed me her ID
her mom was standing behind her mom's
like do it do it not sure if that's good
mothering but you know I'm a book so I
kind of remember what happened but I
also don't remember I remember I pulled
up my blogging camera and I handed it to
the security guard and I was like hey
can you fill me kissing this person
really quick just turn the button off
job well he took the camera and I kissed
her and I remember everybody clapping
almost like we were in a movie almost
like she's all that picks up I was she's
all that and she was Freddie Prinze jr.
I also remember tugging on the back of
her ponytail I don't know why it was
another Joey pacing moment I just
remember like kissing her and then like
pulling that shit out was a very rough
rough kiss very medicated rough kiss it
was not romantic at all if you look at
the picture she looks horrified and that
was the biggest mistake I've ever made
because not because it was bad to kiss
her well it was she's a fan and I'm a
stranger and I'm also an old man but
then every single person after that
wanted a kiss and I'm talking
nine-year-olds Shane can you be nice
Irish kiss my dad says it's okay I don't
care how many books you buy not kissing
a nine year old well I mean if you
bought like a thousand books we talked
about it but I'd have to like have you
sign something daddy would have to sign
you away gonna be a long legal process
but you know I tell ya my most recent
gay kiss was in the movie that I just
filmed internet-famous which i think is
coming out a few months I don't know but
I played a character called Tomas the
parody boss and it's kind of like a
spoof of a youtuber he's like a total
douchebag I have the tan and the crazy
hair it is a really weird character but
really funny movie anyways my friend in
the movie is Christian Duggar also who
is a finer and um neither of us I think
knew that we had to kiss let's be honest
neither of us read the script before we
started and we got to set the director
was like okay so today you guys are
gonna make out and down go it was that
moment where we both were like acting
way too cool about it like we moved a
little bit like oh that's interesting we
just met were kissing but instead of
saying that we were both like oh chill
chill yeah yeah yeah cool cool yeah for
shellfish oh yeah you want tongue no no
no no Tom you know just chill chill kiss
yeah Michelle what was even more chill
was that he was on his little vine
douchebag lighter thing so he was
gliding around and then I had to grab
him by the back of the head glide him
over to me and make out with him and I'm
not gonna lie it wasn't bad I mean it
wasn't it was passionate which is
bizarre cuz it was like he's not gay
that problem was his first guy got kiss
while he's a biter so who knows but I'm
pretty sure it was I don't know I think
I turned him a little bit I don't know
all I'm saying is he almost fell off
that glider so if you want to see that
kiss make sure to get the movie
internet-famous coming out well sometime
so those are some of my kissing stories
I don't remember all of them I'm sure
there's a lot more leave me a comment
down below tell me your favorite kiss
I've ever done camera that is a weird
question to ask who else with my kids
help me out I don't fucking remember
also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe for new videos
every single day and I'll see you guys
tomorrow kiss you guys tomorrow I'm
kidding I won't well unless your parents
are okay with it and unless you're over
the age of 18 and unless you bought a
thousand my books all right I looked
around the room and I saw a black figure
standing by the door it didn't have a
face it didn't have much of a shape it
was more like the essence of a person I
could hear it breathing and it started
getting closer and closer to me I tried
everything I could to wake up and
nothing was working
