I've always been different not just in a
wow that kid is different but in a
spiritual way I was never an avid
churchgoer and I don't know the Bible
cover-to-cover
but I've always had a strong connection
with God and a spiritual world when I
was a kid I would just lie on my bed and
talk to God for hours on second thought
maybe I'm schizophrenic honestly that
would explain a lot when I was 13 I
started having different kinds of dreams
they weren't conversations with dead
people but instead they were dreams in
which I floated around my neighborhood
and spied on people I know that's
creepier than talking to dead people but
trust me if you're 13 it could snoop on
your neighbors you would now I know this
is going to be hard to take in and I'm
sure a lot of you have already started
mentally checking out but trust me
it's not bullshit if the term astral
projection sounds familiar to you it's
probably because you saw the 2010 horror
film insidious about the kid who could
float outside of his body while dreaming
when I saw that movie I freaked out I
thought I was the only person who would
ever experience such a thing after
watching the movie I went back home and
started researching and learned that
astral projection was incredibly common
even some celebrities could do it like
Gary Busey and Shaq okay
I'm aware those aren't the best examples
of people to trust but hey it's
something a week later I went to sleep
not expecting anything and of course
that's when it happened I had the most
intense astral projection of my life as
I drifted off to sleep my eyes begin to
open but this time I couldn't float
outside of my body something was holding
me back I looked around the room and I
saw a black figure standing by the door
it didn't have a face it didn't have
much of a shape it was more like the
essence of a person I could hear it
breathing and I started getting closer
and closer to me I tried everything I
could to wake up and nothing was working
my heart was pounding when my stomach
was churning like I was going to throw
up the figure got closer and closer but
I still couldn't see its face then it
put its hand which looked on like a claw
on my chest and started pushing down it
felt like the present was trying to get
inside of my body
finally I woke up and I jumped off the
couch I ran out of my garage and into my
house I knew that what just happened was
not good and was way too real DN a
astral projection or astral travel is an
interpretation of out-of-body experience
that assumes the existence of an astral
body separate from the physical body and
capable of traveling outside in
wikipedia if you've ever astral
projected don't be afraid to explore and
float around but remember if it starts
to get out of hand
do not continue it I think Gary Busey
and Shaq might still be out there
floating around
while some mentally challenged demons
are taking over their bodies maybe
Britney Spears is a projector Wow now
everything makes sense
her phone's going off girl can you call
me back
no dad yeah I'm just picking about five
hand no no I'll be cool
oh you so wanna go tonight yeah no I
love that know that movie look good
though just girl the box life no no
girls coming up
