hey if you guys this is a warning this
video is going to be fucked I did a
video like a month ago I think where I
reacted to pimple popping videos and
it's something that I watch anyways when
I'm not making videos I just love it but
I didn't think anybody would like the
video because I felt like you guys would
be grossed out but surprisingly the
video did very well and you guys loved
it but I was like how do I raise the
fucking bar like how do I get on a
different level and then I remembered
something I used to watch in high school
it's called botfly removal now if you
don't know a botfly is a type of maggot
that gets under your skin usually in
your head and it literally grows in
there and there's nothing you can do you
can't take it out you just have to let
it grow let it grow let it grow
it's a fucking maggot inside your head
and then once the maggot is that a
certain like size you can like light a
fire over it or something and then the
maggot will crawl out of your head I
know it doesn't make sense but I'm going
to show you some videos and well you'll
bomb it Topanga you do not want to see
this okay here we go
oh my god okay we're gonna watch this
one it's called huge botfly maggot
removed for my head oh my god okay here
we go this is seriously insane
oh my god I'm not gonna say what that
looks like especially because it looks
like that get is ten and I'm not gonna
go there so can you know just like take
tweezers and just like jam em in there
and cram yeah Oh does it have to like
come out on its own no it has to come
out a little bit so I can grab it
because I think this is not far enough
because I want
who's that sighs okay
let's skim oh my god oh my god oh my god
but I like it oh sorry
ooh oh my god the release of a pimple is
everything but thinking about releasing
a pimple and then that pimple can crawl
away that's an orgasm shit oh my god the
music tho whoo ohh ohh that was growing
in his head you know like he probably
heard that alike crunches going around
you know what that crunch was a fucking
bug crawling on his brain
I want a botfly okay this one is called
monster bot fly and maggots removed okay
what is wait where are we where are we
oh no wait what body part we have what
is that is that her ass
is it her asshole cuz if so I've had
about like oh my god oh my god oh
Marvy laughing oh my god do you think it
feels good
probably not oh no do you think you can
eat it oh god oh my god oh my god it
looks like a thing from the bug's life
oh the one who's too fat to fly all
right I'm gonna skim because I'm gonna
vomit oh my god pull it out oh my god
where is that come on oh here we go he's
coming oh my oh my god I need a minute
this is actually making me sick maybe
this is a bad idea
are you guys okay are you all right you
need a water okay whoo oh my god blue
it's even weirder that there's no sound
oh my god you get to get spoke little
head up oh my god it's Perry doggin what
is that is that hair what's wrong with
his hair oh shit oh fuck oh fuck
moment yeah oh my god it's kind of sexy
though right a little bit am i weird
okay come on little guy
get out here little guy yeah shit wait
is that a dog is that a person cuz if
that's not a dog that person's head is
very tender ooh I love that close up oh
shit ooh oh my god it's opening it's
like birth oh my god it's actually
giving birth sir but I let up pull it
out stop being a bitch yeah yeah yeah
yeah that looks like a cartoon sperm oh
my god oh don't don't put again oh my
god I don't know if I get anyway war mom
I love it oh shit oh no oh how does it
even happen how does it why oh my god
hey oh no oh oh oh
her phone's going off girl can you call
me back no dad yeah I'm just picking
about plowed man hidden I'll be cool
oh you still wanna go tonight yeah no I
love that know that movie look good
though just grow the BOK life no no girl
it's coming up come on come on okay no
girl we are going back to the great old
you know papa oh it's holding on it's
grabbing with this look Dee oh oh oh oh
my bitch I agree with you boy
oh my god what is that oh my god that's
a foot oh my god oh it looks like a
little peanut Oh what oh my god did you
see that did you see that shit it
literally went hey Queenie oh my god
what is that it's kind of beautiful
though you know what I mean it's kind of
like Lion King it's kind of like I'm
watching a queen being crowned but then
I remember that some motherfuckers
nasty-ass foot oh oh look at this dumb
stupid oh shit where we're at when I
went Wow go to the Aten uh
I'm dad I regret all of this I'm sorry
very nice go that was me watching fought
five videos and showing you a whole new
line of weird fucking shit you never
want to see you again give this video a
thumbs up I guess
if you forgive me and also subscribe to
let me convert as every single day and
leave me a comment letting me know what
I should watch next hopefully not that
I'd you guys I love you if any of the
other thing with you and I'll see you
mom bye
alright here we go oh oh oh that's
giving me semen flashbacks oh oh if
that's what mine had tasted like when I
was a kid out of ask mama to take me to
the doctor
