hey that's a few guys yes today I'm
going to be drinking Japanese sodas and
telling you what I think of them and we
all know how much I love Japanese sweets
oh yeah this is gonna go great so I got
seven different flavors of ramen drink
sharukh Kiku yeah I forgot do not
swallow the plunger it's what it says on
the bottle which is true plungers are
not to be swallowed they're to be put in
your butt when you're like 12 because
you're experimenting and you're hoping
to God your mom doesn't find out let's
get started so this first flavor we're
gonna try is blueberry I'm excited about
this one because number one I love
blueberries number two it looks like
Windex and I've always wanted to guzzle
whole bottle just seems like a nice
clean way to go out also the picture on
it is really cute there's like these
little blueberries and they're smiling
and one is kind of like yeah the other
ones like we got to get you you need so
it's almost kind of sad and kind of
reminds me of life let's crack it open
it just says to put that in there and
then press it down that was a lot okay
there we go now the little balls inside
I have no idea why Cheers interesting I
don't like it
but I'm giving it a try similar to how I
felt about Disney's Jessie I love you
Debbie Ryan but I couldn't do it I'm in
the middle about this I don't know it
kind of tastes like blueberry candy but
it also kind of tastes like somebody's
eating a sour blueberry candy and
they're like oh my god and then it was
like dribbling out of their mouth and
that's everything she catch that and
then they bottled it and then they shook
it up and it's not great
it tastes like children spit like
children who have been eating a lot of
candy spit why I know that I don't know
so I give that one one out of five sad
blueberries next is watermelon okay now
I'm not a watermelon fan I am never
gonna want a melon a fan I know it's
something that a lot of like people use
to lose weight because we're like oh no
it's like not real food because it
tastes like nothing
the amount of time to remember wait
watch your meetings when I was ten and
the ladies like if you're still hungry
just eat a whole watermelon fuck to you
why don't you eat a bullet die bitch
let's try it
whoa that gets funnier every time okay
I'm hoping I like it once again there is
watermelon little cartoons on the front
ones excited when stare
and I can't wait to drink them in their
family okay that does not use a candy or
soda oh and that's he's like old people
gum I don't remember the flavor but I
remember my grandma like trying to cover
up the smell of booze with it it was
like a extra wow she's like extra Oh
reminds me of grandma's kisses oh wait
it's like kissing grandma mmm don't
worry I won't tell mom you know what
just for the nostalgia of it all I'm
gonna give that three out of five
grandmas little secrets
next is orange now orange is my favorite
flavor I love orange soda I love orange
candy I love orange anything I love for
you dill and you know anything orange
whoa I can't not make that notice you
don't wanna have sex with me here we go
ah you are not Ricky Dillon
Oh hate it gross no I'm not even here
that one a rating it honestly tasted
like toilet water which by the way you
can drink I mean you have to flush it
and then you can drink that I think
we're in a drought great I'm excited
grape is my second favorite flavor I
remember drinking like buckets of grape
kool-aid when I was a kid I remember
eating so many great blah ly pops I
remember eating so much grape jelly on
my peanut butter sandwiches and I also
remember the wait watch the lady yelling
me about all that but you know what
mallets 15 years ago you're probably
dead by now bitch and I told her to die
twice in this video I'm still bitter
oh no what had smoke come out of it that
was cool all right I'm excited about
this one I think I might actually like
this one and hopefully it doesn't
disappoint me just like that lady at
Weight Watchers you dead bitch ooh I
like it I like it
ooh oh it's the opposite of the Lady of
Weight Watchers ooh oh it's so good oh
it's a lady Taco Bell oh my god is that
lady talking about when you drive
through and she's like do you want any
sauce you're like yeah gonna get some
mild sauce she's like sure that she
scoops up like a thousand packets yes
Queen you know exactly what I want bitch
slay the fucking sauce pack a game sorry
I got you into that okay I'm gonna give
this five out of five talk about a
lady's name Marine love you bitch Mel it
I don't know if that means alright I
don't know it's like a melon that I've
never seen before it's green I've never
seen
and I'm hoping this one surprises me I
hope that I want to hate it and then
after I try it I'm gonna be obsessed
with it similar to how I felt about
Britney Spears last album except the
opposite cuz I did not want you chillin
with you are you fucking kidding me
don't get me started
oh all right here we go Oh Oh any song
that Britney Spears has done that not me
down to the radio oh that is bad that is
terrible that is a mistake I'm gonna
give that five out of five Britney
Spears tracks that never made it to the
album pool with no auto-tune all right
this one is coconut coconut is my least
favorite flavor I hate it um I went to a
restaurant one time and they brought me
a coconut and they stuck a straw in it
and I was like ooh maybe it's like a
shake or like a Slurpee or something and
when I put my mouth on and I realize now
it's just coconut sweat which is exactly
what semen tastes like and I'm not
saying that because I'm newly bisexual
I'm saying that because everybody's
tasted their own semen oh all right here
we go oh oh oh that's giving me semen
flashbacks oh oh if that's not mine had
tasted like when I was a kid I would've
asked mama to take me to the doctor I
would have thought there's nothing wrong
with me oh I just realized the shape of
these okay I'm not even I'm not even
gonna read that that was the worst thing
I've ever had in my life but we have one
more left so I can't say that because
this one doesn't have a flavor it's just
nothing and if there's anything I know a
lot about it's nothing okay
here we go smells like nothing oh but it
just tastes like when you're in bed and
you have the flu and you've been there
for like two weeks you watch every
season of American Horror Story and you
realize it just got worse and then you
have that like bottle of 7up your mom
got you from like two weeks ago if she's
like oh this helps settle your stomach
and you're like sure I'll drink that
bitch you're right and then two weeks
later you're so desperate for a drink
you take a sip that's what this is this
is mom trying to be doctor and guess
what mom you didn't go to college
Oh hate it gross I'd say at my least
favorite but my favorite would probably
be great okay yeah there you go let me
know down in the comments if you guys
ever tried these drinks and which one
did you like which one did you hate is
there anything else I should be trying
any more Japanese foods any other
foreign foods should I try German sodas
I don't even know what that means by
bleeder since while I'm down I'll play
this video thumbs
subscribe and I'll say you guys know by
now I don't really look at bulges that's
why I look at them all the time it's not
for a sexual thing it's more like that
one mine looks like does mine look like
should I try that should I try to keep
my pants on tight if I be at my pants
outside would I have a bulge spoiler
alert now
