I mean I'm 100% sure that Jenna like is
like girl Farrah is crazy I know you
have to be have to be okay anybody that
means Farrah Abraham it's like she's
crazy but we love her yeah respect their
crazy ass he's part of our show forever
there but she's crazy heads big eyes yes
I know the first thing you think of when
you look at me is look at that bulge but
guys I'm more than my bulge okay I'm
also my camel toe I'm also my moose
knuckle I'm also my elephant tongue I
don't even know what that means
anyways today I thought it'd be fun if
we played a game called guess that's
celebrity bulge now I don't really look
at bulges that's why I look at them all
the time it's not for a sexual thing
it's more like that one mine looks like
does mine look like should I try that
should I try to keep my pants on tight
if I be at my pants I think would I have
a bulge
spoiler alert no all right let's begin
all right number one wow that's a big
old dick I'm jealous when I wear
sweatpants it does not look like that
you know what I have though when I wear
sweatpants just a little wet spot just a
little drip at the end of my penis
because I don't shake it enough after I
pee which is terrible because then
people know exactly how long my penis is
I wear the wet spot is and I'll give you
a hint
tie okay this is sad I know the answer
it's like everyone I've seen that
picture and I'm right yeah I don't know
why I watched that game I'm jealous
who's setting up camp in this tent first
of all I don't even think that's a bulge
that's like a fake-out that's like the
zipper or got you know like that or
that's like he had a cell phone in there
I see you I think what you're trying to
do I've done it
I'm gonna guess and say whoo that's hard
I'm gonna go with this Derek guy cuz I
don't know yes damn it pitbull hmm
pitbulls do have huge dicks
I had a pitbull turned on me alright
next bulge oh wow wait what that one
isn't even attached that literally looks
like he just shoved a pack of grapes
down there oh that's a good idea okay
yeah remind myself to go buy grapes okay
ah that is bad
I'm gonna go jared leto cuz the legs are
so fucking skinny and that guy just
doesn't eat damn it because Justin know
what that is I want to beat him alright
next bulge
okay basketball shorts which by the way
are the worst for me I'm actually
wearing them right now and not good not
good because I'm all walls anyways so
it's like you see the Bulge and you're
like damn
you gotta Bose and then it's like no no
no as false which nobody wants who wants
that whose tinder profile says yeah
faster the dick don't matter but both to
bomb nobody
I don't know I'm gonna guess and say
Shamar yeah I was right all right
what is that okay wait wait what is that
that looks like a lobster tail that's
good
I don't even like lobster okay I'm gonna
go with this guy cuz I have no idea who
is and his name is a police that sounds
like a big dick yes oh my god I know my
dicks oh okay
first of all that might be a woman who's
taking their bulge out for a run um
Mario Lopez cuz he's the only one of
these people that would fucking do that
yeah oh my god fucking destroying this
oh this is an old bulge okay oh that's
hard I'm gonna go with this guy cuz like
he looks like you wouldn't have a big
dick like he's kind of nerdy but then
like what you get him in the bedroom you
look Joe like all these other guys you
would expect them that big dicks but
they probably don't always thinner
anyone's dammit
alright that was wrong thank God if I
was gonna get them all right we'd have a
problem oh my god okay it's between
Chrissy Keeling something's telling me
Chris Hopkins keel and I knew it I
fucking knew it damn it
okay I'll get the next dick oh okay I'm
looking at the hands those are very well
taken care of miss I'm gonna go thry in
no what the fuck is that
Oh okay let's try this one okay okay
okay definitely not drank not uh sure
I don't know Trey is I know Jason Oh
like you posted that you didn't have to
filter but he didn't the facetune that
who do you think epic dick tune I need
to write that down to make picture all
right last one
who's the one bulge to roll them all oh
let me give you one option Jon Hamm that
guy is a huge penis like look at that
that's nuts and penis uh what am i doing
in my life where you guys go that was a
bonus challenge let me know in the
comments how many you got right and if
you got them all right well you're gayer
than me which is hard to do I look at
this video a thumbs up and subscribe let
me do the middle date I don't see you
guys oh let me just open this go party
night Rika girl
ha ha ha flavor face queen
