literally my life is juice cleanses and
my 600-pound life yeah literally my life
is smoking urban chillin haha literally
my life is laughing at just dating
skills literally you're the tech
religious heads because yes it is
another talent for me to try not to
laugh
now the laughing is good for you because
it releases endorphins makes you feel
happy about life just makes you smile
and I don't do that that much by looking
at my resting face you would think I was
planning to murder a lot of people oh
hey Shane how you doing huh yes unhappy
so here we go
let's try not to laugh play along okay
first of all I've never seen Harry
Potter but I heard it'll arias so I hope
I laugh oh my god her daughter you know
humming dohsa
i just tried to speak harry potter and
i'm pretty sure that was just another
language i'm gonna add this to the try
not to get scared challenge cuz i just
lost this is so mean why do you think
he's yelling at them do you think they
bullied him or maybe he's crazy either
way I want to match with him on tinder
this videos from your stupid fucking
trolls and haters on oh my god singing
mean and hurtful things about the doors
oh my god they rule harder than you dip
shits you don't fucking know anything
about this hat oh my god he has a crazy
person thing where he like moves in and
out you know where I see that the most 2
a.m. at McDonald's can I get it on on
the floor with
Nuggets Oh quite frankly I just think
you're jealous ass haters truth couldn't
even pull off this where this look if
you couldn't even you couldn't even wear
a fedora if your life depended on it
because you know what literally he's
right my head is way too big for that I
can't even wear a cowboy hat I can't
even go to a Mexican restaurant my
birthday because they bring around that
sombrero and I shit doesn't fit my head
it's so sad when they bring it over hi i
yeah hi hi hi even they hold out to
cabana hey fuck it yeah no it's
depressing hi I'm Jason you're watching
them 20 nuts this is literally the
scariest challenge I've ever done
why is it just weirdos with her selfie
cams Oh
oh my god oh my god what is this oh my
god no oh oh oh my god how is he not
dead wait what just happened I need to
see it again oh oh let's see that on a
loop I wanna vine that into my head
uh-oh what's she gonna do she's gonna
slip oh my god ooh can you imagine like
you're with a girl you're like damn girl
look good tonight and then she's like
thanks just a sec let me take off this
yeah I mean I guess you're a bisexual
like me that's not a problem
I love the daddies and mommies oh no oh
he's gonna hurt herself ha ha oh my god
I lost a challenge oh my god what's
happening babies are so scary yeah
walking when they laugh Oh make it stop
Oh bitch I need that again oh let me
just open this go party night with the
girl Oh
Oh Slayer face queen Oh what's gonna
happen him I had that sweatshirt
Oh ooh what's she doing what's she doing
oh that's stupid
she's better fallin eat shit whoa
that was like some that So Raven shit
you like I was just like yeah you
filming me yeah I know it's sexy no
idiot we were poking at your dumbass
head oh no oh shit
this would make me want to go to
weddings and I hate weddings
do you take the offer oh and then after
you watch them eat shit you're gonna eat
a cake you want to cry oh no oh my god
Oh what happened was that a miracle well
you know we should watch stripper fails
oh I love a good stripper fail oh sure
oh shit oh shit oh fuck oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh she actually died did
you see that there was like a
three-second moment where she was like
not moving not breathing isn't it weird
watch somebody die
kind of like it oh oh oh my gosh she's
dead we were watching people die it
might be time to stop this challenge for
you guys ago we just laughed and people
died their lease my life is lovely while
strippers die that's it
bitch you guys let me know in the
comments if you laugh and what part you
laughed at I'll take this video a thumbs
up and subscribe cause I make new videos
every single day and I will show you
assholes tomorrow bye because of the
fake tan I had to shave my body so I had
to shave the chest I had to shave my
face and I just shaved my arms are you
ready for this you guys have known me
for my hairy arms for a long time well
guess what
