we should I write back and say hi this
is Jess Spada fuko's friend
unfortunately she killed herself oh my
god what why is happening to my face oh
my god what is first of all what is that
does it hurt okay
what is that anyways hey guys wait for
it oh my god my teeth oh fuck okay
talking like this I got this fucking
great white selfie light thing for my
phone this is not hashtag spots I wish
it was though and I found out about it
because of one of my podcasts we had
Daniel who is Damien in Mean Girls and
he showed it to me and he's like all the
drag queens have it and I'm like if the
drag queens have it I'll have it
so I thought what anyways I have a bunch
of clips on my phone this is like
distracting okay I'm just gonna do that
natural uhm I have a bunch of clips on
my phone that I don't know what to do
with because I don't blog anymore really
I kind of just do you know my other
kinds of videos but I've randomly been
vlogging stuff in the last month and I
was like you know what I'll just throw
it all in one video and it'll make no
sense and that'll be fun
so I'm going to guide you through all of
these shitty shitty videos I have on my
phone already number one is me shaving
my arms and my whole body because I was
preparing for a movie role where I had
to play somebody who wasn't an old hairy
man and is finally growing back hey
that's it guys so as some of you know if
you follow me on Twitter and Instagram
and stuff I just started working on a
movie called internet-famous I'm acting
in it and I basically play like a parody
version of a youtuber so I'm kind of
like the Joey Graceffa the Bart Baker
the Shane Dawson all of us combined so
today I'm getting my hair cut and
tomorrow I'm getting my fake tan which
is very dark and today I'm also doing
something well I just did something that
I've never done before and I'm really
scared to show you I'm scared to look at
it oh my god oh my god because of the
fake tan I had to shave my body so I had
to shave the chest I had to shave my
face and I did shave my arms are you
ready for this you guys have known me
Firma hairy arms for a long time
guess what literally who is that
literally who is she that looks like my
mom's leg that's so fucking scared look
over here how do through three razors to
do this and like a whole bottle of
shaving cream here's the other one so
yeah get ready for internet-famous gonna
be hairless now check out this video of
me and Trish Andrew riding around in
Trish's new G wagon and us being fucking
assholes cuz we can bitch guys we're
riding in the G Wagen literally RI oh my
oh just got a G Wagen is a fuckin dream
car never well i driven one but I've
never ridden it one this is no wait this
is gonna happen because remember when I
fuckin I'm never gonna fall and I fell
and broke my leg oh my god walking how
embarrassing I'm drinking soda cuz my
trainer said I could this is diet
Sunkist lemonade it's fuckin weight it's
ten calories okay that's a problem it's
fucking everything I drink in 12 pack
the other night and I cocoa I drink it
well packaged i coconut lost about guys
honestly if you want to lose weight
don't eat drink diet soda and shave your
arms and you'll lose ten pounds 100% I
lost two pounds of heroin I shaved my
chest but I only went down just there
because there's like I need to leave a
little something for baby fuckin
shoutout to on that basic your basic
what does it feel like to be in a
fucking basic mobile okay actually I
love that car I want that car I always
wanted to you can take the boy out of
the basic but you can take the basic out
of the boy
and last but not least here is a clip of
a homeless man playing with the puppet
there you go that was my month what the
fuck is life on a side note though if
you guys want me to blog more like my
daily life let me know down in the
comments or give this video a thumbs up
so I know I haven't really been blogging
lately I don't know if you guys wanted
also if you want to see two more clips
one is me drew and Trish playing a
youtuber version of charades and the
other one is some behind-the-scenes
footage of me on the movie set where I
have my tan and my shaved body and it is
real douchey if you want to see those
videos I'm not gonna put them up on
YouTube it they are on my vessel channel
if you want to see those videos head
over to vessel complex and you can watch
them for free you don't have to buy
anything as most of you guys know I am
on vessel vessel is a really cool app
and website where you get to watch
YouTube videos a few days early so if
you go over there and sign up you get to
see like pretty much all my videos three
days early sometimes a week early and if
you don't want to pay anything you don't
have to and you can still watch the
videos there so Frank all right you guys
I'm gonna go hope you funny let me have
any of you I'm gonna figure out what
this is and I will see you tomorrow bye
oh oh now they're both bad so after like
30 minutes and a lot of fucking hurting
myself and plastic literally everywhere
I made I made my hologram oh fuck it's
looking real good just like the money of
a picture yeah this is gonna work
