Wow your hair is a big haha maybe I'm
somewhere look at the lines in it I have
big hair Wow very hair they're like your
fucking hips are big you man two hands
of you guys so I thought I would do
something a little bit different today I
saw this video online of somebody making
a hologram with their phone and I've
been really into like weird technology
shit lately so I was like hey why don't
I try to make one I'll give you a hint
it's probably not gonna work but just
like lands fast not going to the moon
that's still calling himself an
astronaut I'm gonna call myself a
scientist so here we go time mega
hologram hey guys okay so first things
first you need two CD covers now I don't
own CDs because it's 2015 and no stores
do either so I had to search the globe
but I found the cons up
I got Sam Smith I don't know he had a
weird haircut and I also got Taylor
Swift except this is the karaoke version
and I didn't know they made that which
makes me very sad for Humanity that
people bought that so you take the CDs
out then get those plastic covers next
you're going to need graph paper which I
also don't have because it's 2015
so now that you're going to make this oh
god what is it called hectic got no
four-sided thing that kind of looks like
a pyramid with top chopped off now I got
all these instructions from a video I
will link it down there but mainly you
have to do one centimetre by three and a
half centimeter by 6 centimeter okay now
that you have that drawn out you were
just going to cut it out look mom a
scientist okay so now you're going to
take the CD cases and you are going to
make four shapes of these now it says to
use a box cutter but I am NOT a fucking
construction worker so I'm going to try
with scissors this is probably not gonna
work
alright here we go oh god ah I'm scared
ah oh okay okay okay this is kind of
working oh god oh god oh it's like the
glass shattering on the Titanic ah okay
I'm gonna put my head down because I'm
afraid it's gonna like fly my eye oh
right that looked awful okay so now I'm
just gonna hope that this works
Oh God oh my god it's flying everywhere
okay I need you need goggles but I don't
have goggles shit okay I'm going to use
a Tupperware lid and put it over my eyes
science okay here we go
oh God oh this is such a bad idea but
is it working oh it's kind of working Oh
God uh uh ah okay I'm up on my head down
again can I do it okay I kind of did it
not good but it's something just like
everything else I do in life we're gonna
try that again all right one two great
so okay we got the top there work wait
what the fuck
okay it kind of worked I think I can
make this work okay yeah that's gonna
work
all right I almost got one done three
more to go
okay so after like 30 minutes and a lot
of fucking hurting myself and plastic
literally everywhere I made I made my
hologram oh fuck it's looking real good
just like the money of a picture yeah
this is gonna work okay so now it's time
to test it out now there is a bunch of
videos online like hologram videos so
let's see if it works I'm gonna turn the
light off
all right here we go I love the music
already so if this works you should see
something in my hologram Oh
oh my god hold up I want to give you a
better angle but it's working guys look
look at the world is spinning ah this is
so fucking cool what's next Oh a
firework oh my god can you see that Oh
see look it looks like it's in there
whoa fuck well look at the firework oh
you're fired
Oh oh my oh my god that's fucking
everything huh fuck who the hell is that
who is she who I don't like her look at
the guys look fucking cool is that shit
fuck oh my god look she stopped she got
hey girl how you doing oh wow
see maybe if I turn it this works better
oh now there's like kind of hurt look a
little dancing guy they dancin what's up
whoa huh look at the little fucking dude
in my thing fuck dude this is fucking
awesome I'm so proud of myself right now
I've never been more proud of myself in
my entire fucking life
well there you guys go that was me
making a hologram I'm not gonna lie I'm
fucking proud that was awesome
and it looks like shit you can do this
at home look at that piece of crap and
it fucking work you should wear goggles
though like I did not you should and you
should also have a parent around if you
are young because yeah there's a lot of
little plastic everywhere it's probably
gonna kill me alright guys if you liked
this video make sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe I make new videos every
single day and if you want more cool
videos and me making science e shit let
me know down in the comments what you
want kind of fun hey no let me guys Mike
that smells awful okay here we go oh oh
the girls Burke earlier you fall threw
up got a full-on bomb attack Oh full-on
purge oh the purchase commenced
