warning what you are about to watch may
make you question everything you thought
you know viewer discretion is advised
hey what's up you guys welcome back now
today we're gonna be talking about a lot
of different types of conspiracy
theories we're gonna be talking about
cardi B and some possible connections to
NPM and we're even gonna be going out
into the world and exploring a
conspiracy involving one of my favorite
places ever target now before we get
started I just have to mention that all
of these are theories none of them are
facts and they're not meant to hurt any
company or a person alright let's get
started now I know you're thinking Shane
how is there a conspiracy theory about
mattress stores well I'm gonna let you
know that this is one of the most
convincing theories I have ever heard
and this is also why how to do that
legal statement at the beginning of this
video now if you look around your city
you've probably noticed how many
mattress stores there are when you go to
Google and you type in why are there one
of the first results is so many mattress
stores and you've probably noticed when
you walk by them there's nobody inside
now one of the mattress stores that you
see most frequently is called mattress
Verne well just check out this theory
that was posted on Reddit mattress firm
is some sort of giant money-laundering
scheme they are fucking everywhere and
always empty
I remember seeing for mattress firms all
on each corner of an intersection once
there is no way there's such a demand
for mattresses and then they posted a
Google Maps link and it was insane yeah
twenty results for mattress firms all in
the same location some of them are
literally across the street from each
other now the way I found out about this
conspiracy was actually through my
cameraman and friend Andrew he told me a
couple years ago he was visiting his
hometown
and he noticed that there were three
mattress firms on the same street so I
decided to pull up Google Maps and check
it out myself all right
Mattress Firm near Algonquin boom three
on the same street now just to show you
how close they are to each other let's
look at the satellite view all right
here's the first door now we're just
gonna go up the street two clicks and
then two there's the second one I mean
that's crazy and he's not the only
person that has noticed this there are
tons of videos of people driving around
their city showing how close and how
many mattress firms there are I need a
mattress there's a store I need a
mattress there's a nother store it's a
good day to buy a mattress so I got
mattress stores everywhere to choose
from I need a mattress hey it's another
store now the reddit theory said that
mattress stores might actually be
laundering money and that's why there's
so many of them all right so first let's
talk about money laundering and what
that means so if you get money through
doing illegal things like selling drugs
or guns or terrorism or prostituting you
make a lot of money that you don't want
traced you don't want the cops to find
out what you're doing you don't want to
get taxed on it so you have to find a
way to hide the money and sometimes you
can do that by buying a business
for example years ago Al Capone one of
the biggest gangsters of all time
decided to put all of his illegal money
he made into laundromats now laundromats
are a cash flow business right people
come in they pay with cash they give
their quarters they do their laundry
they leave well that way he could say oh
wow we got $10,000 today from people
doing their laundry let's put that in
the books okay great
when in reality no they probably made
$1,000 and that is where the name of
laundering came from from the word
laundry pass so the theory is that
mattress stores might be the new
laundrymat think about it this way you
only buy mattresses once every 7 to 10
years so why are there more mattress
stores on one street than there are
grocery stores or Starbucks there is
another mattress firm
I kid you not there is two mattress
firms in the same basic complex folks
also there's no customers ever inside of
the stores because the stores aren't
real they're just a cover-up once again
just a theory not a fact don't sue me
now when people are laundering money in
banks they usually separated to $10,000
chunks and then they'll put it in a
bunch of different banks so when you
think about the mattress stores it would
kind of make sense why there was three
on the same street because maybe they're
all owned by the same person and he's
spreading his money out 3 different ways
so he doesn't look so suspicious oh and
just a side note another way to hide
money that you've gotten illegally is by
hiding it in different places in your
house well guess what the number-one
place to hide money is mattresses I'm
just saying it's a weird coincidence but
now that you know this I bet when you
drive around your city you'll notice the
crazy amount of mattress doors and the
crazy amount of no customers in sight of
them another mattress firm what is going
on it's an infestation car DB has blown
up this year she's become one of the
most famous people in the world and it
happened very fast her hit song boat at
yellow only came out in June of last
year but she's already nominated for
Grammys on every single magazine cover
and one of the most famous rappers ever
now this clip I'm going to show you I
didn't take seriously at all
but the more I watched it the more weird
it seemed this is her being interviewed
on a red carpet and then this happens
Finnick being so nervous a little bit
over well
after little shaky oh no no zombie no
nobody's good it's good it's good it's
good you're gonna get it look great
weird right
like maybe she was just joking or
something but isn't it weird that she
went to that hypnotic trance and then
when she came out of it she didn't even
reference it like she didn't laugh or
say like haha sorry that was a joke
just watch it again it's weird right
like the more you watch it the more
you're like but now this got a lot of
people saying that there might be some
ties with her you know menotti
or maybe she's under mind control I mean
she did become extremely famous very
fast which the Illuminati attends to be
able to make happen well first there's a
video of her from before she got really
famous where she said this I know my
family by man Illuminati which one of my
cousin you want for that did he
well then she posted a video on her
Instagram where she was doing the devil
horn with her hand
and then there's tons of other pictures
out there of her doing the devil horn or
her doing the 666 by her eye
in this video she's singing something in
Spanish and you can clearly hear her say
the word witch mckinnon bad I don't know
why okay Mucha mckinnon bad pero no way
okay Nadine and again Michael Illuminati
well that was on March 10th 2016 and
then one year later in June of 2017
Oh Dec yellow came out and became one of
the biggest hits of all time now cardi
has talked about the Illuminati a lot
throughout her career but Illuminati but
one thing she said during a live stream
was pretty scary if something happened
to me just note that the government try
to kill me because I believe that
America be trying to kill you
she basically said that when her parents
turned 60 she's gonna move them out of
the US and send them to the Dominican
Republic I want to move my parents out
of America like let me tell you
something like my grandmother for my
mother's death sigh she died when she
was 75 because she used to live here in
America if you go to the island country
people be a hundred and five years old a
hundred and some six years old so she's
basically saying that the u.s. is trying
to kill you sooner now her reasoning is
the food industry she thinks that
organic food is a Jill how to lettuce
and how to fruits last so long out here
how how does a travel from places to
places and last so long I don't give a
fuck if they say that the chicken and
the food is organic I don't believe it's
organic like I don't believe nothing
here is organic I feel like they trying
to kill you
I mean she's not wrong the amount of
preservatives that we're getting on our
food the amount of chemicals that
they're putting in the air right over
our heads it's not a surprise that
people in the US die sooner than people
outside so like my grandmother was she
was diabetic right like they used to go
for 10 to 12 pills a day how is that
normal so that's why I feel like this
country just just they be wanting to
kill people so many things that I just
don't be understand
and I'm and I'm realizing he now I got
this email from a viewer named Julie she
said what if these famous people aren't
cloned but they're hypnotized I mean the
Illuminati could completely control what
they said and did and then she went on
to talk about the movie get out we're
all those people in the movie were being
hypnotized and controlled and they'd
have moments of snapping out of it the
chores have become my sanctuary
who's controlling it well if you look
back at that clip of her on the red
carpet you look behind her you see two
women and a man who are not looking that
way but when she starts to glitch look
over and then card he comes back to
normal it's weird I mean listen I don't
know who those people are they might not
even know her but it's not that crazy to
think about the fact that there might be
somebody around a celebrity at all times
to keep them in they're hypnotized zone
I mean celebrities always have an
assistant and an agent and a chauffeur
what if the purpose for that Posse is to
keep them under hypnosis then what if
one of the celebrities goes rogue and
they break out of their hypnosis and
they've been so long being a puppet that
they don't even know who they are
anymore and then they act out and if you
think about it that seems to happen
quite a lot especially two extremely
famous musicians and all of a sudden
Britney Spears came in and said in my
turn said I want to shave my hair off
she had no emotions in her face
so the way I found out about this theory
was super random one morning I was
watching a youtuber named Alicia Marie
and she was vlogging her day and then
this happened duh-duh-dunnnnn
12:13 p.m. guys I really need to change
my background it's still Christmas
themed sweet oh my god wait do you see
that what is that is someone recording
me wait on camera you see that like
blinking thing I don't see that in
person at all what yeah weird right I
had never heard of anybody saying that
they noticed the blinking red light on
their phone well then after that I
started looking into it and it's like
more than iPhone Nexus now of course the
theory is that that light means that it
is recording you at all times but then
some people are saying no no that's just
the face idea and it's always on because
it's looking for your face and that
makes sense it does look to be making a
cylinder shape around your face and it's
not just one way this is what it looks
like in the dark when you use your face
idea thousands of little dots going all
around you coming from that one little
light
okay so theories over right it's just
the base ID light but then I saw this so
this is the iPhone and I'm guessing you
guys thought that they're flashing red
light up there it has to be the camera
huh like that doesn't make any sense the
iPhone 7 does not have a face ID why is
there still the red blinking light
that's hidden I mean we pretty much
already know that our iPhone is
recording everything we're saying do you
record and store everything I say and
texts on my phone I'm sorry but who
would have thought it would be recording
everything it seems so of course they
started having a full mental breakdown
and panic attack and then I saw a user
on reddit say this that's the proximity
sensor it's how the phone knows you're
holding it up to your face when you're
on a phone call so it can black out the
screen and prevent your cheek from
pressing buttons it uses infrared which
is the reason your camera can see it but
your eyes can't and then they went on to
say that you can also see this blinking
red light in your remote controls you
can't see a middle life but you can only
see it with phones
cameras which makes a lot of sense
because your remote control is based on
a sensory so this theory might not be
true but I still believe that my phone
is recording everything I'm saying and
doing after what Apple did with
admitting that they purposely slow down
our old phones
I don't trust in anything Suri would you
lie to me I'd rather not say now we have
talked about 9/11 conspiracy theories
before 9/11 theories are what got me
into conspiracies oh and it's not just
me a huge percentage of the population
believes these theories too I mean even
President Bush has slipped up a few
times and almost said the word
conspiracy himself mr. president I would
do want to get right to the news of the
terrorism in Boston well at first you
know I was deeply concerned that there
might have been a organized plot this
could have been you know another
organized highly organized attack on the
country like why would he even think to
say that word you know another
conservative now one of the biggest
theories is that it wasn't just planes
flying into the buildings that there was
bombs planted as well but of course the
government said no no it was just the
two terrorists in the planes but some
people think that Bush and the
government actually coordinated it
themselves and that there were bombs
placed in the building beforehand
because they wanted both buildings to
come down the building has collapsed
that tower just came down now of course
the theory is that the government
created this awful disaster so that we
would be okay with going to war with
Afghanistan but today we're gonna be
focusing on the boss the day that 9/11
happened everybody was saying that they
heard the ladies that are with me were
in the World Trade Center on the on in
the first building and escaped through
the lobby where they report they
believed there was a bomb in the lobby
and as we were coming out we passed the
lobby didn't see no Lobby but I believe
that the bomb hit the lobby first even
firemen set it
even Donald Trump who had a lot of power
in New York at the time said he thought
it was bombs
I happen to think that they had not only
a plane but they had bombs that exploded
almost simultaneously now this is where
it gets crazy one of the survivors from
9/11 was a janitor at the World Trade
Center
his name was William Rodriguez and he
had worked there for twenty years now he
came out and said that he'd heard bombs
before the plane even hit I believe that
censorship started from the very
beginning because when I was telling my
story they told me I'll cut this out cut
this out it was the first hijacked plane
no hello that was an explosion before
9/11 before the plane hit the tower now
in 2004 that powers in charge came out
and said that there were no bombs well
just listen to this audio clip and tell
me that you don't hear a bomb going off
before the building's collapse come on
that's a bomb you could see explosions
coming out of the sides of the buildings
but of course the government says no now
this is where it gets really crazy but
somehow seems believable some people
believe there were no planes at all and
that it was just bombs and that all the
clips that we saw in the news of planes
flying into the towers or CGI I know
it's crazy but just look at some of
these videos the airplane did disappear
like a bad special effect exactly like a
bad special effect a good special effect
would have parts exploding and bouncing
off and tumbling to the streets below
first let's look at this clip of what
people are calling ghost plane the plane
appears to pass through steel columns
and the steel and concrete floors like a
ghost it doesn't twist Bend slowdown
break or explode
now this plane goes right through the
building like a knife through butter and
I know what you're thinking Shane yeah
it's a plane going really fast of course
it'll go right through
well years before this happened the
government was testing to see what would
happen if they flew a plane into a big
metal wall and it was at the speed of
which a normal plane flies and this
happened it's doing 500 miles an hour it
just disappeared into dust the plane
disintegrated disappeared but then when
it hit the World Trade Center it went
right through no issues but how could a
plane even a point even a 767 or 747 or
whatever I buy the bit how could it
possibly go through this now look at
this angle you'll see the plane flying
through the building and then you'll see
the nose of the plane come out the other
side okay you saw that right the big
nose of the plane come right through the
other side completely in one side and
out the other it's physically impossible
for the nose of a Boeing 767 airplane to
emerge intact well after the smoke
cleared it was seen that there was no
exit hole that's right
no exit hole where the nose of the plane
supposedly went right through it nothing
and that's why a lot of people think
that it might have been CGI and this is
the other weird part in most of the
clips that are online it goes black for
a split second right when the plane hits
well this person took all of the news
clips and sync them together at the same
time and this happened yeah all of them
black for a split second not to mention
that on some news channels you didn't
even see a plane you just saw the moment
of the explosion right afterward and the
one second that would show the fate of
Pinocchio's nose has been edited out why
would the now day brothers remove that
little piece of video it didn't show the
moment of the plane actually hitting it
like would go somewhere else or it would
cut off or something maybe that's
because there was no planes and it was
just bombs not to mention another clip
that was circulating that was on the
news where you can literally see one of
the wee
of the plains disappear
just disappear glitch now listen I don't
know if I believe the theory that all
the planes on the news were just CGI -
that seems a little far-fetched but I
definitely believe there were bombs I
mean come on so who are you gonna please
the government who lies to you about
everything or people who are literally
there
okay this is my favorite theory of all
time and I a hundred percent believe in
it have you ever been into a store and
you tried on an outfit and you looked in
the dressing room mirror and you thought
wow I look great I'll buy it and then
you took it home and you put it on you
said ooh yeah that might have to do with
the mirrors in the dressing rooms now on
the show shark tank there was a company
called skinny mirror and if you go to
their website it says this the skinny
mirror off errs a subtle and believable
slimming reflection 5 to 10 pounds and
then they show comparison pictures of
what you look like
versus what you look like in the skinny
mirror oh and by the way there his
slogan is you are beautiful what they
also have a section on their website
where retail stores can buy mirrors from
them the skinny mare is an ideal
solution for dressing rooms the subtle
yet believable slimming reflection will
improve the attitude of your customers
self-image body image increasing overall
sales so that's not even a theory some
stores might possibly have them but
here's where my theory comes in
I love Target I buy everything from
Target but I look so much better in
target dressing room ears and it makes
me buy clothes and then I take them home
and I hate the way they look so I want
to go to Target and investigate and see
if they're using and skinny mirrors okay
yeah so we're in the car on our way to
Target
you have no idea what we're doing right
no no I thought we were going to talk
about we'll do that after touch it we
also have in the back seat Rylands
sister Morgan
how do you feel good well we're gonna go
in the dressing room and take pictures
in our clothes and I go back home and
take pictures of the normal mirror all
right believable slimming reflections
designed to help you feel good about
your body
ah let's do my least favorite thing in
the world
let's go look at some mirrors there it
is oh my god me when I see the fitting
room just never tell like I'm trying on
this this is a plus-sized Karl shirt no
obviously we're not even taking the
picture here I can tell you that I am
NOT this then oh my god
ooh I need to take it at the same exact
well that I'm gonna take it
okay so right here so when it I was
afraid you want to take one - you're
gonna do like a psycho - oh yeah
take one in this nightmare - oh this
worse let me just see if I can I can't
tell alright let's go home and take the
same pictures and see if we look fatter
all right you ready to go to the mirror
alright let's go to the one upstairs
maybe can you have this straight oh my
god
that's crazy it's like in the arms it's
like that's the trigger oh my god my
legs look so much smaller in the target
one it is drastically different ever
like if we zoom in movie shirt now
listen this could be like a lighting
situation yeah either they have bomb
lighting or skinny-ass mirrors alright
here's the next one
my legs look so much smaller in the
target wanna alright now let's do you
you ready oh my god liking this one oh
boy would be like yes and this one would
be like oh my god Viper's is real life
okay so let's go to the other one oh my
gosh I look like I could have like a
thigh gap in this one it's not like so
drastic that it's insane he's 5 to 10
pounds that's what the skinny mirrors
say 5 to 10 pounds
I don't think target says they use
skinny mirrors because I think legally
they have to was the objects in mirror
seems smaller than them here social
media
oh well mystery solved but still just a
theory not a fact don't see any target I
love you okay bye
yeah the tide pot challenge something
that has been going so viral lately and
I just didn't know why many are looking
to become what's called YouTube famous
but a local doctor says this could cost
you your life now this became such a
huge story that tide even put out a
bunch of statements on Twitter about it
and they even made a PSA saying don't
eat iPods the tie pot challenge was
everywhere you would think that hundreds
and thousands of people were dying every
day for meeting Tide Pods but then when
you actually look at it the numbers have
gone down and you can see in 2017 there
were 12,000 calls
that's down a thousand from the year
before that also to put in perspective
over 20,000 people called because they
accidentally ingested hand sanitizer
17,000 people called because they
ingested too much toothpaste and 16,000
people called because they ate too much
deodorant so in the grand scheme of
things people eating Tide Pods isn't as
crazy and widespread as the news is
making it but Tide Pods sales have
actually gone up the more people talking
about Tide Pods the more people behind
them so what if Tide hired a marketing
campaign get our name out there more to
teenagers and the marketing team said
ooh teenagers love youtube they love
challenges what if we created the tide
pot challenge obviously nobody would
really do it but it could become like a
meme teenagers love memes and if that
happened it worked I haven't thought
about type odds at all ever and now it's
literally in my brain I hear the word
tide pot five million times a day but
the even bigger theory is one of the
most fucked up things I have ever heard
and definitely the most fucked up theory
I have ever said on my channel so if
you've ever been to the dollar store
you've probably seen a bottle for
fabuloso and if you look at it it looks
just like juice or Gatorade but it's not
it's cleaner but a lot of people have
mistaken it for juice and it's ended
very bad ways now it's a reasonable
mistake to make
especially when some stores are putting
it next to juice yeah that's literally
fabuloso the cleaner right next to juice
and this isn't the only toxic thing in
stores that looks edible look at this
picture a floor cleaner looks like a
bottle of lemonade or this window
cleaner that literally looks like a
bottle of blue soda and then this one
yep looks just like juice there's even
this product for your hair that
literally says whipped cream or this
cleaner that is called lemonade or this
picture of insects brain or this picture
or these energy shots that are not
energy shots and this is the craziest
one this is hair bleach that's hair
bleach it looks like cereal for kids and
that's where the conspiracy comes in
overpopulation is a huge problem maybe
it's all just an extreme form of
population control thousands of people
every year dying from accidentally
ingesting things they shouldn't nobody
can get sued because right on the box it
says do not ingest even though the
bottle looks like children's juice and
it's not just food there's other little
things out in the world that if you're
not observant enough you could die from
why else would this hand sanitizer be
installed here or why would this water
fountain be right next to an outlet I
don't know maybe the type out challenge
is a challenge maybe it's a challenge
for the government
and maybe if you fail it they didn't
want you here I believe that America be
trying to kill you
well there you guys go hopefully you
enjoyed these conspiracy theories let me
know down in the comments which ones you
believe and also what other ones do you
want me to talk about also if you want
more of these conspiracy theory videos
please give me a thumbs up so I know I
make sure to subscribe to my channel
right down below and hit the
notification bell so you never miss one
also if you didn't know I do have a line
of merch on amazon.com slash Shane
Dawson where you can get your own
illuminati pop socket and you can put it
right on your phone that's recording you
all all right you guys I'm gonna go to a
mattress store I got some business to
take care of bye
click the links below to watch more
conspiracy theory videos at your own
risk of course
