guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with AJ I am Jacques and he just showed
our fandom name so the ampersand big
deal guys guys okay this is getting her
that back it's so loud that's me when
I'm a dad
guys this is going to be the scariest
video we've ever made I don't even know
where to start Garrett do you want to
tell them what's coming we just have a
conversation last night about getting
back to our spooky roots because when I
do spookyboys videos they've got a
little funny so we're gonna do something
truly scary today where we're going to
be simulating what it's like to be
actually buried alive the reason drew is
not here right now he's coming over
tonight he does not know that this is
happening he would have said a note to
this absolutely this is not his thing
and I was like okay what if we find a
casket and then get inside of it have
like a fake funeral and then feel what
it's like to be buried alive then I
think Garrett find me a casket Oh about
the casket so I found something and
don't be mad but it's the situation
where I called this company and it was
like kind of shady and he cut us a
really good deal yeah well yeah but it
might be he didn't say it was used
he just said like that it had already
been to a service and then it got
damaged and then they had to like
transfer it was a good deal there just
might have been a corpse in it what
literally psycho
get a new one I don't want blood in it I
don't want demons in it no no there
would be no blood it's just that it
might have been used for a moment and
then it got damaged and so he'll sell it
to us for a good price but they're
coming right now so get ready oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god the
caskets coming oh my god I'm so excited
yeah so spooky back there the tag says
in God's care Oh get me oh my god it
says head on it who knew dying was gonna
be so much work oh this is like that
scene in Tomb Raider 1 do you member I
am NOT a nerd oh my god how many caskets
have you delivered oh 1 RG have you seen
any dead bodies yeah you're 1,700 bucks
to deliver all body weight well what
kind of body of bio annoying breath a
damn alright alright here we go
I was gonna say I hope there's not a
body in it but I think you kind of do
oh my god I would love that just like a
grandpa oh my god wait is it happening
okay the weirdest unboxing in the world
oh my god oh my god oh my god it's
beautiful wait why is this the color of
a Prius I want oh my god I hate to say
this word but aesthetics I want to die
right now it's not gonna be buried in
this oh my god we open it where does it
open here we go my god why is it nicer
than my day is this big enough for my
legs it doesn't smell like dead weight I
really want to get in it oh how does it
feel to be where it gonna be in what
three years good relaxing does not know
what's happening changes you thought
something would bring you joy so
why are you doing what are you doing
Ryland Jesus Riley what are you doing
actually I'm very customer focused so
we'll close this up and then we'll wait
for Drew okay
Joy's here he's walking down the hill
and he doesn't know that there's a
casket here we're gonna surprise him
hey Queen we have a surprise for you
cute I mean I still don't know what
we're gonna do
I thought we should all see what it
feels like to be buried oh I'm totally
down for that y'all
oh okay so here's the plan well we're
all gonna like get in there but I was
thinking like we should go to Target or
something and get like some props like
we should set up a funeral like and then
oh my god wait I'll get in then you guys
cuz like if I really died I wouldn't get
to see what you guys would say in my
funeral but this way I can't well we
need to do eulogies you know so we pick
out the snacks and stuff I'm gonna do
goldfish dude extra cheddar oh my man
throw in a little thing like something
that reminds you of means oh I got it
you know how like when people they'll
have a drink in the back to my homies in
fourth album haha if Laura I can pour a
diet root beer on you on your face do
you guys hate me okay so we're sitting
around talking about our funerals I'm
actually getting nervous I feel like
this is like a funny thing like we're
all like uh-huh but I actually think the
second I lay down and the second that
thing closes I'm gonna have a full
mental breakdown panic attack and like
start crying
sure looks like he's actually thinking
about how he's gonna die you only care
about the snacks oh my god all the
costumes
I know this is up Gryffindor forgery
free pizza oh my god I could be the
milkshake
if you put on with this target they're
taking over I love it okay I know you're
a boyfriend but this is cute little
groups don't leave you little bitch
freezes on oh my god arts and crafts
time
what would your say probably you wanted
this why Poor's
are you already snacking you finally
found a boyfriend
alright let's plan our funerals
come on boys you have to make our spooky
headstones I love your family pose with
them I actually want to send a Christmas
card my family like this wait what are
we right this is a lot of pressure I run
my youtube display names what you put
this is my hip-hop name if I had one
handsome ghost but that if you noticed a
s is the money sign you'd be just right
drew changed his up he wrote nerd losers
what should I put goodbye bye bye bye
perfect now someone's gonna really do
that cuz of this video okay so we are
outside and we're setting up nice you
know and oh my god this is the turnout
of my actual funeral oh my God look
Cheetos coming in you can't wait to see
me get buried okay so I feel like I
should change into like what I want to
be buried in you know it's something you
want to be remembered
I know funeral outfit of the day okay oh
boy
so I'm wearing my signature green shirt
but I also felt like I needed to
complete the look and just be how people
remembered me and then I thought it
would be nice if I was buried with my
two best-selling book Falls I can't
believe I almost forgot this
Oh button and because I was thinking
that we should have like a Bible I don't
have a Bible but I do have a Latina
enjoy a new book available Target
Walmart now wait now I'm getting nervous
why sure what song you're gonna play oh
I've got something planned no I don't
okay you work on it literally my life
cover we just get in sweet relationship
calls why are you freaking out I don't
know I'm claustrophobic and I don't like
the idea of dying I know I joke about it
but I'm happy to be alive grab me my
props it's a cool light touch the play
button shame oh my god no get gloves all
right okay oh thank god wait I mean oh
my beard nobody one last set me on my
deathbed just a second I guess now
should I record your guys's speeches and
music okay who wants to go first well
just so ashamed so you feel like there's
more people attending here oh yeah okay
Shane Dawson what can we say from his
videos such as trying KFC milkshakes
you brought the world a lot of joy and
drew you got something Thank You Shane
for turning me into a little kid who
wanted to kill himself a man Oh Shane
bought me a lot of chipotle oh my god
you what are you gone um thank you for
being my first real boyfriend and you
were great
I guess now do we we say so much more to
say to you but I guess it's not real
so oink is the safety word oh my
goodness that's not gonna be an issue at
all are they okay you got it okay wait
keep playing some music to calm him down
how you doing buddy yeah I'm kind of
having a panic attack but I think I'm
okay okay it's kind of you always but
all right Rylan do you want to lie on
top of it or Jesus what's happening
Rylands just lying on top of it okay
just to let you guys know how this feels
I feel like I am losing breath I feel
like the air is getting hot and it's
getting thick I don't know I feel like
everything is closing in on me oh my god
what's up
is anybody sad um you know it was just
yawned does nobody care that I'm dead it
just hasn't sink in yet oh my god this
is so fucking scary
Oh God oh my god what's going on wait no
it's a good fit wait what's going on but
it's okay it's okay
oh we did buy a damage spell your guys's
turn all right true time to your dad
okay okay oh my god
wait I'm sad okay just may be my worst
angle of all time okay
I could definitely fall asleep in here
that's how comfortable I am I wonder if
I if I fell asleep in here what all my
dreams take place in here no that does
not how dreams work oh there we go
nerd loser
nerd loser yeah what was your favorite
memory it drew oh we connected on snacks
pretty often you know I used to give him
a lot of rides home because he doesn't
drive oh yeah when do you start like
disintegrating if you're in a coffin
like the worms have to make their way in
here because this is a tight fit is he
talking if I was a worm I wouldn't even
dare do you miss us
no this is actually making me really sad
I'm gonna inch myself into the pool we
should we pull a prank and then do what
form over the clinton idea so they won't
be in the confident let him out no comes
wedding all right you ready yeah area
but it didn't work okay
wait we should use this for when we're
having a fight yeah cuz I could close
that and then still have sex
yeah my god feels good to be single
again what do you miss about him I mean
I guess I do miss last okay when the
Lighting's on point a little I feel like
this is Instagram oh it's cute in here
I have a big one it looks like it it's
actually weight very spacious ruining my
daily fuck I'm just a big boy okay okay
break the coffin where are you oh that's
sweet the whole family's dead
oh one can I get the goldfish he was a
great guy he was really cool madam on
tinder didn't work out goodbye right oh
my god okay one two three oh my god oh
my god dude can I get some music thank
you that's fine oh cool oh we're having
a little dance party in here there's
well just dancing but they're not
they're literally gone did you guys
leave
shitheads sorry to say the ass word baby
Benjamin love you buddy
see you in hell they're gone they're
gone
rats sorry we got bored just kidding
guys we're all alive okay let's talk
about how that felt
I feel really sad it made me want to
keep living and I'm glad I did it
because I feel a new sense of purpose
you feel sad people didn't think that
least stayed for your funeral I didn't
feel very scared by it I kind of just
felt like a little nap was going on I
was just eating some goldfish personally
kind of felt like how are we bid night
no in all honesty that was really really
scary I hated that I'm never gonna do
that again what the hell arranged with
that coffin oh we can put it in the
office as a decoration maybe for nap
time someone can win it let us know what
you think we should do at the coffin I
think we should turn it into like a big
fridge alright so guys hopefully you
enjoy dying with us we enjoy like dying
what do you go over to their channel
they all have new videos up right now
and make sure to subscribe right down
below and if the notification fell
because I make new videos every day
until I die which might be soon
