hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is destory
and shane dawson loves me
oh wait don't Oh Shane always making
jokes but this one's about news were
talking about the shit crazy news that
you might have missed in the last week
but probably not because the first story
I want to talk about today is Justin
Bieber's wiener no but seriously
Justin's meat sector was all over the
internet this last week after several
photos of his clam jam lid were leaked
online surprisingly the only pictures
were not taken by Justin himself but
rather a photographer who was stalking
him while he was on vacation in Bora
Bora and really this is just a prime
example of why being a celebrity
probably sucks because he can't go on
vacation and fucking enjoy yourself
without some weird paparazzi being there
like oh yeah Paz Ashford photos
themselves they were taken when he was
getting in and out of a hot tub
obviously I can't show you the
uncensored pictures because AI don't
want to get kicked off YouTube but B
this is again just a huge invasion of
personal privacy where someone took
pictures of someone else and put them
online without them knowing but I'm not
gonna pretend like you're not just gonna
go google it right now so you know what
no I'll give you a few seconds pause
this video go look at him and then come
back did you see him nice right
oh yes so nice okay please know also
based on the fact that Justin doesn't
have a few of the tattoos that he
currently has in the pictures it's
unclear how all these pictures really
are or why it took so long for them to
be put online my guess is that he was
trying to see how much money you can get
if you just sold this to someone yo man
you wanna buy some Justin Bieber dick
dick know your last possess the photos
were leaked hashtag Bieber peen and
hashtag Bieber Weiner have been trending
worldwide on Twitter and so far there's
been no reaction from Justin himself but
honestly what is he supposed to say I
know it's a big surprise to everyone but
yes I'm actually a guy I know I have a
penis it's crazy I'm so very sorry for
misleading anyone that's what about news
the iPhone 6s came out last week and for
some fucking reason everyone has been
freaking out about it apparently just
within the first weekend Apple broke
previous sales records by selling over
13 million iPhone 6s is in just under
two days holy shit
personally I don't know what the big
fucking deal is like I
perfectly okay with just having my
iPhone 6 because I know as soon as I get
an iPhone 6s Apple's is gonna be like
introducing the iPhone 7 our most
radical change in the iPhone since the
last time we said this last year the
iPhone 7 will literally make you poop
your pants our lightest model yet the
iPhone 7 is made completely from
vibranium which of course is the
fictional metal used to make Captain
America's shield how did we get it I
don't know in the iPhone 7 Siri has been
completely remade to fit your lifestyle
ask her to motivate you and she says get
the fuck off your ass and do something
with your life ask Siri to tell you a
joke she says what did Hitler get his
niece for her birthday an easy bake oven
with still working out some of the bugs
so what are you waiting for
buy the iPhone 7 and instantly regret it
as soon as we come out with the iPhone
7s next month
Apple why because fuck you that's why
seems legit but in honestly not
surprising news about the iPhone 6s a
woman was apparently so upset that her
boyfriend would buy her was that she
stripped down naked in a Chinese ball
and threw a tantrum
yes that's probably a pretty reasonable
reaction right that's seriously this guy
didn't break up with his girl
immediately after this what is he doing
there also what was her plan here like
to embarrass him so much that he just be
like oh man I'm so embarrassed now I
guess I'll buy you a phone or maybe she
was trying to use the oldest trick in
the book a man's one true at Gilley's
he'll titties bad can i had ipad no how
about now I'm sorry what oh yeah that's
fine baby whatever you want Thanks
lastly what the fuck news we give out a
new award on the show called creep of
the day ruin of the day that goes to a
doctor who was arrested last week after
he shoved a thermometer in a nurse's ass
and then groped her during a job
interview the twist part about the story
is he wasn't even a real doctor Oh God
so not only did this girl get groped any
thermometer shoved in her ass but she
also didn't get a job Wow and I thought
I had fucking terrible days I barely be
sixty two-year-old Herald harlot from
Miami Florida who wanna see looks like
your friend's creepy uncle that you
never want to be around told it all and
thought she was applying as a nurse's
assistant that I needed to show her the
proper way to take a patient's
temperature by sticking it in her ass
and then asked him she'd be
uncomfortable if a patient masturbated
in front of her and felt her boobs yeah
that's not good I just wonder at what
point in this job interview she realized
that this guy wasn't a real doctor okay
so here's my resume you're hired but
first I might need you to fill up these
three jars of your pee and in these 12
vials of your blood don't worry I'm a
doctor I also be hospital you'll be
working that looks a lot like my bedroom
and most of the patients will be
handling look a lot like me only naked
with a boner hopefully that's cool don't
you want to know what medical school I
went to or no but I do want to know how
big those titties are like there has to
be an easier way to pick up girls than
to dress up like a doctor and shove
things in chick bucks I mean I wouldn't
know because usually that method works
for me but come on anyways creepy
grandpa McGee is facing jail time not
only due to the nature of his crime but
also this is his second time getting
caught doing this and that's why he gets
the procedures award of creep of the day
obviously I don't want to make fun of
anyone who was assaulted or touched by
this fucking guy but I guess just to
everyone out there if you ever applied
for a job make sure your boss isn't a
fucking creep like I'm still pretty
certain that Shane secretly wants to
bang me now I don't know Shane still
making jokes anyways that was it for
this episode of what the fuck news my
question of the day for you guys is what
would you do if someone leaked nudes of
you leave your answers in the comments
down below all of these stories as
always in the description down below as
well as all of my links before you guys
go make sure to check out my newest
video on my channel that's a Q&A where I
talk about all the reasons that I'm
really bad at picking up girls including
me stare at the girl and then look away
as soon as she looks at you technique
anyways I will see you next time for
another one to fuck news thanks for
watching and fair with
