Wow your hair is a big haha maybe I'm
somewhere look at the lines in it I have
big hair Wow very hair they're like your
fucking hips are big you man have you
guys yes I'm too lazy to move my tripod
up so you're getting this you know
you're also getting something grows yes
I'm gonna be making another yummy nummy
this time I'm gonna be making pizza
tastes like real cheese I highly doubt
that this let's get started
y'all gonna marry alright so this one
should be relatively easy feel like
there's not that many ingredients but
I'm definitely gonna fuck it out ooh
look it comes with a little book it's
not a book it shows an advertisement for
more cry out fuck you yummies okay that
is way too many steps I got this I've
been doing this for a long time and I
haven't succeeded once oh my God look a
little pizza thing oh I feel like just
like Farrah on Teen Mom do you remember
that when Farrah was like I'm gonna be a
real woman to get a job at you work to
the pizza place for like a day before
they found out she was a miserable crazy
bitch that's me okay so this is the
crust so I'm guessing that we put it in
here just mix it that's a lot of crust
mix it with water oh yeah just like
Farrah I have no idea what the fuck I'm
doing okay
looking good looking very teen moms
goopy and messy and a waste of money
let's put in the microwave all right Wow
well we made something I'm gonna let it
cool or mold or whatever that is next
we're gonna make the sauce alright now
this should be really simple cuz it's
just mixing this shit water oh my god
the smell
oh it's like a Chucky Cheese bathroom oh
my god
Oh which by the way I don't care how
cute and funny chucky cheese is why the
fuck would you make your mascot a rat
I'll be like if McDonald's like you know
what let's make the mascot a skunk ask
uncle loves Big Macs I mean it would be
hashtag relatable alright and now is the
cheese I don't think you have to mix
that right just oh no its power yeah
gross ooh alright okay I think we know
wait do we not mix that with water I
don't think we do oh alright time to put
it all together when the moon hits your
eye
the big pizza pie doesn't look like this
this is nothing like an actual pizza
looks like shit oh okay well you know it
doesn't know that let's just make a
little space for the sauce oh yeah it's
exactly how they do it is rocket cheese
honestly that's not too far have you
ever actually tried chucky cheese pizza
move done whoo it's hot and there we go
just like mama used to not make just
like mama used to buy frozen at Ralph's
and put in the microwave and make us eat
it delicious all right here we go
I would just like to remind you the Box
said that this is for a pizza party
so that's depressing just me here this
is a 27 year old man with the emo
haircut is trying to live my life all
right here we go let's have a party
okay let's go oh it everywhere I'm not
gonna lie that's not that bad like the
crust is bad but it doesn't taste that
bad just a textures weird kind old foot
and then the sauce tastes like sauce
it's like sweet Lakes pizza sauce and
cheese it just tastes like cheese I
don't hate this if I was really really
desperate I'm really really drunk
I would probably honestly eat this if I
would have known how not terrible this
was I probably would have eaten it like
at midnight a week ago email sometimes
you go to your kitchen and you're like
oh there's nothing here all there is is
yummy nummies and popping cooking's no
just made for it Wow okay I'm gonna give
this a fuckin three out of five
chucky cheese rats boy you guys go
hopefully you enjoyed that I kind of did
not really but it was bad let me know in
the comments what yummy nummy or poppin
cookin extra do next I'll sing this
video thumbs up and subscribe to me new
videos every day and I'm gonna go eat
this and have myself a fucking party
want to join me let's have a party
buy some music yeah
now I'm still alone this is depressing
okay bye
uh you know most couples when they break
up they never talk to each other again
they sell between each other online or
they block each other on Facebook we did
all of those things and now we're making
a video
