hey guys welcome to the weirdest video
on the inner yeah you know most couples
when they break up they never talk to
each other again
they sell between each other online or
they block each other on Facebook we did
all of those things and now we're making
a video it's been a good while a summer
oh it's been a good summer yeah a lot of
that so we are gonna do the ex
girlfriend ex-boyfriend video which I
don't couldn't find one online people
that do that know all people do is if
they have done a tag video in the past
they just change the title to X that's a
Oh Courtney
oh my you have to be in this you were
our child now you're dead to me
wait you don't have the child we need
we're bringing the family back together
the family's back we're going on a
reunion tour wow this is for the old man
how old are you now thirty you were
twelve minutes I mean someone's missing
though I think we need to say all right
do you too-hoo
well you know lyin Lionel was nothing I
know it was trash so we're gonna be
asking each other questions and trying
to guess what each other's answering on
my channel I'm gonna do her champion do
me and afterwards literally just take it
real weird how you ready yeah I'm so sad
that other YouTube couples don't do this
well maybe I'll start a trend number one
Oh God no you're gonna have to think of
the answer then I'm gonna guess me right
tell me come right okay what do you miss
about me okay I got it
what okay I think you miss when I would
make ball music you just boom clap the
sound of my balls
even though I don't know I mean when you
dance sometimes I do mr. random like
dancing they've annoyed you I mean yeah
everything starts doing what it is so
fun I do really miss your dancing and
singing and you know she just gave me
the fan pad that's what you do at VidCon
when you don't want a Huggies go I love
you too
number two what do you not miss okay
yeah eating all your peanut butter well
yeah that if I keep going even though
you're nuts
keep going give me all your stuff yeah I
do okay okay um I don't do anything
wrong I'm great being on my phone all
the time
no thinking about other people with us
with you wouldn't even drink so much hmm
trying to be there when you're pooping
no coming but too late no sleeping next
to the sweatiest stinkiest thing but you
don't miss back waking up and the bed
was sopping wet you have night terrors
it's not your fault that is so mean that
is so mean you farted all fucking night
is it was it your turn this is my number
three I didn't go great the last time
there's any no she Satori Oh what's your
favorite memory yeah narrow down top one
I got it yeah taking corner to go look
at Christmas lights yeah I was gonna say
Christmas length really yeah yeah yeah
that was a good one yeah but she almost
got hit that I remember
yeah we what remember I let her go on
accident yeah no no it's bad
what's your least favorite memory oh
okay blacked it all out but : you don't
remember anything
go I was in saved this is before I drank
and she would have like one drink and
she would start talking really weird and
she's like please are you with and then
I didn't understand drinking so I just
be like mm-hmm
and I wouldn't really talk much because
I didn't want to say because I'm scared
and then she just doing why are you
judging me I'm not judging you she's
like you're judging is a drink but I'm
not wrong I know you're a drunk but I
just don't know how to talk to you and
we went to a fight and then we were in
Santa Barbara and she was so mad that I
called her a drunk that we drove all the
way home in silence oh I remember that
tequila so you look anyway just side
note now that we both drink I am aware
of when I start talking stupid why
aren't you aware that you start talking
really stupid no but what happy moment
this is not what this game is I'm such a
child
my least favorite was when that time you
got drunk and you're sitting on the
couch and you were talking weird and you
were crying and I don't even know where
you were drawing you into a weird place
and you don't remember it so I think
that evens out and the lesson learn is
we shouldn't be drinking wait what are
you talking about you don't remember
what time we ordered pizza you were
drinking everything that was in the line
yeah and you were on the couch and I
don't remember exactly what happened but
something set you off and you were just
you went on a weird
Oh is it when we saw that sad girl at
the craft store we saw this sad girl at
craft storage in one arm and one leg
I just started crying in front of her
yeah anyways so you're not aware that
you do that are you aware that I do that
yeah of course even though you do that
how was your morning routine changed
since I think on I poop better without
it you're not supposed to tell me I'm
just a second about it but how has your
a nighttime routine changed don't say it
you do go to bed early be p.m. so I'm
gonna say that that's what's changes
that you go to bed at a reasonable hour
and you're not really upset when you go
to bed yeah last one this is been going
great it's opened all sorts of movies
have you deleted all the pictures of me
from your phone no oh was it tough oh
that's so sweet
I wasn't saying no because I have
anything no everything is I only deleted
long because we both looked very bad in
it it's good but and it was one of those
things where I kept it around because I
was like but then I was like we have so
many better pictures of this okay fair
enough thanks good looking out yeah
surely the weirdest video evaporative
we've made some weird ass videos
I don't know well maybe we can do the
ex-boyfriend ex-girlfriend candy eating
challenge crotch like we did that one
time
yeah you guys want to see that for money
over to her channel subscribe and watch
the ex-boyfriend video where we did this
but opposite and it's gonna be really
weird because I have a no filter go I
regret everything
like literally the last four years of my
life c39
see you guys guess what day the
assassination happened on
gonna get shot on Friday when he was
shot the Secret Service yelled at Jackie
his wife to get down get down
