hey what's up you guys yes today is a
time for another one of my conspiracy
theory videos today's is gonna be a
little bit creepy because we're talking
a lot about death we're also talking
about Rebecca Black so it's gonna be
weird so I have a mixture of
conspiracies today some are about kids
TV shows and some are about YouTube but
all of them will make you go what all
right here we go so our first conspiracy
is about the show Smurfs
now I know you guys are probably aware
of Smurfs because they just made a movie
about them which by the way is the
creepies fucking thing I've ever seen
bunch of blue boogers running around no
thanks but what's even creepier is a
conspiracy about the TV show some people
believe that the Smurfs actually
represented Nazis and not just Nazis the
KKK which if you guys don't know what
the KKK is I want to live in your world
but the KKK is obviously an organization
of terrible people who are against other
races and they do terrible things and
youth they also have awful fashion sense
anybody who would wear white year-round
first of all unflattering a second of
all stain city but anyways so the reason
this theory exists is because number one
all of the Smurfs are wearing pointy
white hats number two they all look up
to their leader who is not wearing a
pointy white hat he's wearing a pointy
red hat also the villain of the show has
a lot of Jewish stereotypes in his
character he loves money and he has dark
hair listen I'm not saying Jewish people
have dark hair and love money I'm just
saying that is the stereotype I also
work at Laurence Knipper for about five
years so hey wait also the villains cat
has a Jewish name which is a Z real
probably fuck that up and that Jewish
name stands for the angel of death I
just got the chills now to make this
even creepier here's a clip from The
Smurfs where they are all hailing their
leader Oh for Smurfs before I mean
honestly that's a great be single world
I mean let's watch a side-by-side Oh for
Smurfs I'm just before all this is why I
don't do cartoons ii conspiracy theory
of the day is a theory of ash from
Pokemon I feel like I've talked about
this before and I might have but if I
haven't here you go so the theory is
that all of the stuff going on in Ash's
life a real in an early episode he was
struck by lightning I got
I've never seen the show but he was
struck by lightning and supposedly it
put him into a coma where now he is
dreaming all of these things which would
explain why he never ages in the show
because in your coma in your dream you
stay the same age it also would explain
why every town in the Pokemon universe
has the same nurse because it's the
nurse that's in the real world where
he's in a coma once again pick a Chu I
don't know maybe he has a dog with him
pick ax choose a dog right or a cat like
a dog out I don't understand anime now
speaking of characters making everything
up around them let's talk about lizzie
mcguire now lady mcguire is one of my
favorite shows of all time it stars
queen hilary duff princess LaLanne and
loyal peasant goryeo I was ruined so the
theory is that obviously Lizzie McGuire
is schizophrenic which is why she's
talking to the voices in her head which
is why the voices in her head come out
when she's very stressed because that's
a sign when you're very very stressed
when you're schizophrenic is kind of
Whittemore of the voices start to come
out I've had people in my family deal
with schizophrenia so I know firsthand
kind of the signs and what they're going
through I mean I don't know if they have
cartoons in their head because that
would be torn which would also explain
why Miranda disappeared at the end of
her middle school now if you don't
remember Miranda number one disappeared
when they were graduating middle school
and she wasn't in any episodes after
that also she wasn't in the movie so the
theory is is that through her
schizophrenia Lizzie created Miranda in
her head to help her deal with the
stress of middle school and once Lizzie
had got stress free and deal with her
shit and felt comfortable
Miranda disappeared now the theory
continues and it gets a little weirder
basically the reason Lizzie goes to Rome
with a friend Gordo is because her
family is so proud of her for dealing
with her issues and getting past things
that they're like you know it here's a
trip to Rome and that's why Miranda's
not there now know a lot of you probably
don't believe that theory just like
theme song says
Lissie schizophrenic that would be great
I'll make a show a lot more interesting
okay
now the final conspiracy theory is my
personal favorite I can't believe I had
never heard of it it's a theory that the
Rebecca Black song Friday is actually
about the JFK assassination so number
one the driver in the cars name was
Samuel kickin sound familiar
what was that chickens in the front seat
I hear you black guess what day the
assassination happened I'm gonna get
shot on Friday when he was shot the
Secret Service yelled at Jackie his wife
to get down get down also parts of the
Cold War and communism might be
expressed through the line I mean he's
ashamed
exactly Rebecca everybody is Russian and
to top it all off that morning JFK
ordered a big breakfast with sausages
and eggs and Turkey and ham and all of
the fixings but unfortunately the hotel
didn't have that and guess what he ended
up having to eat Syria that's right
a bowl of cereal and he had to have it
didn't he at 7:00 a.m. and then guess
what happened later and last but not
least the Monday after JFK got shot he
was supposed to sign a bill which was
going to pass and basically require
every public school to provide a bus
transportation for every student because
that didn't happen guess what Rebecca
Black has to do I gotta get down to the
bus stop gotta catch my best
that's right you can't catch the bus so
she has to drive with her friends which
is actually way better and more fun so I
guess that's a good thing either way it
really creeps me out now I'm not going
to show you the actual video JFK's
assassination because it's very very sad
and gave me nightmares when I first saw
it but you can check it out I'll put a
link down there it's a historical video
so I'm not showing you something that
you should be watching but if you watch
it on mute and play Rebecca Black's
Friday it makes it even creepier but I'm
not going to do that here because I
don't want that karma well you guys go
that was my conspiracy theories for
today let me know down the comments if
you believed any of that me which ones
you believe also give me a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and if you want me to
do more conspiracy theory videos I
really do love them make sure ting in
this video thumbs up so I know I heard a
conspiracy if we're gonna do a hundred
thousand likes I'll tell you the
conspiracy about me there's not any
aren't you guys I love you'll see you
tomorrow was it in your teeth
