get more you are going to be doing one
of our Halloween candy fuckin whatever
this is called I'm so fucking excited
part one is on my channel part two is on
hers or whatever I get the shitty
leftovers I'm really excited we're gonna
fucking do this you pick first
oh I'm going to go with yes
wear you can wear it pretty on it thats
what i was on who this is which is Bruce
we have body parts my channel this is
which is brew body part you I love a
witch's brew meet you for some tips of
your penises to people I love those
pictures where it's like just the tip no
but I do enjoy filming my little peepee
and I move the mouth like it's talking
killers snapping I forgot I was doing it
the next day and I literally when I'm
almost snapped making my penis talk you
should have yeah people look at
followers who have got some that really
way more I've given link to the penis
guy yes boo mouth the teeth boy like the
Keith and like the teeth Tony Allen's
you've got to get that finger yeah I was
a finger another huge thing I'll clear
Tony off my Gordon you look at she
potato inside
whoa where is he I was gonna give it to
him mmm yeah tastes like a crunch bar
you like it
nothing tastes like a real ear which is
really good so basically um fucking
cookie I love these kind of no I can
tell I can feel the baby she saw it's
just like a little like thing like tub
of throw-up there's some hey let's get
my past
all right here we go it did taste like a
pot of vomit anything so it's not false
advertisin I see not good just a little
hard yes yes and the way we chew out the
low top eh oh no like I remember Elmo
knows what is it don't here's the
problem what I feel it coming with this
one there's two different kinds there's
the one kind that you get is like a bag
target which are everything but then
sometimes they're like slightly orange
flavored and I don't like that so this
might be the slightly orange flavored
one they're good they're good these are
good these are good circus peanut vapor
in there with the pumpkin flavor this
looks gross this is body part pops which
there's like a heart and there's an
eyeball there's a brain there's a dick
what we're dead you my you ain't no it's
a finger Oh what is this this looks like
a profit does mine is so enlarged right
now
yeah I'm having trouble theme oh they
squeeze your balls and pop what is that
for when they do that they squeeze your
balls and you have to
yeah the doctor comes in and she goes
okay I'm gonna stick my finger in you
and scream and then she doesn't go ah
he's great
yes she wants me to yeah she's terrible
Yelp reviews but I love her
disgusting what is this tastes like
something that is good but I can't like
Laki copy or something no it's a buy
something - may I go on can't I can't
pinpoint it it tastes like it's going in
a garbage can actual trash throwing it
away pretending like it didn't exist
give me something good I feel like these
cookies are few that's what I was
thinking yeah it's like actual nerdy
nummies this is everything
nerdy not me what is that I fell down a
hole less you guys the weirdest because
I love I love cooking videos
moving on trick-or-treat like real
company yeah that ain't good
little trash this is a broom it's
already broken but it's so fun we're
still having fun with it
it's just one of their fucking cookies
again look at that face you hate it
actual twitch you're literally last but
not least oh my god I didn't look at it
until I pulled it up I don't like but
can it makes you sick but I'm going to
try would actually take a bite out of it
now this is yours
this one is mine and oh my god that's
huge it's huge and there's literal grass
in it what's even scarier is every time
answer my house and even eating this
candy so Anthony prong on it that's like
edible school it's almost really good
though it was orange yellow orange I'm
actually scared
are you lying or crawling I'm scared I'm
scared
terrible is terrifying
Cheers
I hate every second of it I love it and
there's probably actual bugs probably on
you right now that's the house I live in
subscribe but watch the video we did
part two of this or apartment whatever
there's more coming the cold hi please
pick a letter B G H or L I feel like
I've cinnamon on e lgbtq yeah what the
fuck what is H thing for what sickle
have you ever kissed both men and women
yeah that's good yes I have you kissed a
girl up so do you like it
No
