hello my name is Alexis jeez all and
welcome to bomb dot-com when we talk
about the things that are blowing up on
the Internet
so a recent internet occurrence that has
been sweeping the globe is the new
snapchat update which allows you to
beautifully and poetically barf rainbows
yeah so we're gonna create your very own
rainbow barf snapchat update thingamabob
hey first thing you're going to do is
open the snapchat app you're then going
to tap and hold your face until it pops
up with this cool little spider-man web
around it and then slide through all
these fun options until you get to the
rainbow barf oh just as an FYI you were
going to look like a complete idiot to
anyone that is not doing this via your
cellular phone there is a wide variety
of situations where this specific
snapchat update would come in a pretty
clutch specifically it could be used for
letting all of your snapchat contacts
know that you are in me high on LSD
this update works with any combination
of potential crushes and veins but it is
especially handy when you are referring
to your homosexual crush what a really
good song comes on the radio I want you
see a really good performance RVs and
your custom t-shirt it's um just right
or really just anything good or joy it
happens in your life it is a
multi-purpose good times fun times
occasion Center since the snap trap
update comes in handy in so many
different situations I thought what
better way to get this trend a little
extra room than to bring it actually
into the real world
I mean relax when I was making that
barfing rainbow video IRL it looked a
little bit ridiculous but not anymore
because I thought my local grocer picked
up a bunch of supplies and we're going
to bring this rainbow puking into the
real world saga theory that this is not
gonna go well but we are gonna give it
our best shot
I have four different colors of food
coloring and one bottle of seltzer water
you're gonna see if we can freakin make
this happen
I am going to pour 4 cup bowls of
seltzer water that aren't fully full
because that's excessive tops like from
the cup song but different cuz they're
full of seltzer water now I'm going to
be opening the food coloring and adding
a dip dab of food coloring into each
thing thing we'll start here whoa
this is very tumblr and they've been
doodle okay so now that I have four
different Seltzer waters of four
different colors I am going to vomit the
rainbow I was about to say I can't
believe I'm doing this on the internet
but the scary part about it just I'm not
surprised I'm doing it at all let's
shift over to the sink in it alright I'm
going to put my hair back fix it we're
gonna get a little sip of the red and
I'm not gonna be able to talk from here
oh my god - bottle from my broken and
corroded inside let's try one more time
but this time I'm going to only use two
colors to see maybe we can get a rainbow
effect actually happening oh my god but
I'm going to try it one final time with
one final technique to see if finally I
can make this happen it literally got
all over my shirt
cut thank you guys so much watching this
rainbow filled episode of bomb.com food
Amit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoyed this episode or
enjoy the new snapchat
update in general be sure to give it a
thumbs up and check out the latest video
over on my channel it will be one of the
first links in the description whoa
one breath you can also follow me on
Twitter at Alexa's she saw a tweet lots
of the funnies and also apply to you
guys all the time so check it out I'll
see you guys next Sunday with a brand
new episode of bomb.com so good
