ah it's alive oh my god it's fucking at
me here these guys diabetes hey what's
up you guys no but I was a great time
I'm getting them in the mood okay okay
you're getting in the mood I didn't know
long yeah today we're gonna be
contacting the dead
I'm here with Killeen or she's also
known as no Randa I was gonna say psycho
something wrong oh just kidding I guess
a friend
okay oh yes we're doing a collab that is
the first time we've ever collab every
yeah nervous I feel like it's really
natural I feel like honestly we're the
same person
and just to prove that when I came over
she already had a pumpkin pie handle it
I brought my pumpkin by Kim because I
knew I needed a can't go for the Ouija
board I brought this crazy I was like
well I freaked out as I sat on the floor
doesn't
I know only bought one we closed an easy
board and a second one appeared I was
freaking out Mila very gay stylish go
dear God so we basically are gonna be
playing Ouija I played this before
though again I had to make the thing
myself but now I went to the store and I
got a real one this is a very scary box
I'm nervous this was like super taboos
growing up for me my parents would like
to even look at the Ouija board and a
kid I like I wasn't allowed to look yeah
my mom is very religious so I wasn't
allowed to do anything including yeah me
to like have sex or do anything so now
we're done with it all my restriction
she put on you guys not back to
permanent well again there was no sex
there was no drinking there was no drugs
there was no Ouija board
there was no having sex with anything in
her room which was very hard for me
that's annoying
oh here we go Ouija is it a game or
isn't it I don't know I am so nervous
because I have had experiences with
demons I like seeing them yes I have I
probably wouldn't have brought the
Legion
yes I did I've seen demons like what do
they look like well the only time I've
seen well actually I seen it twice one
time it was like a girl like curly hair
that was like draped over a bed
Louisville and another time was like
just a black shadow at the foot of my
bed this also could have just been like
your mom or reflection my mother you
seem to have issues no that's true no
it's test because I feel like we have
this sight okay again I feel a ghost
energy coming from somewhere in this
room mm-hmm
you feel it too where do you think it's
coming from and I'm gonna be a hundred
on this one side answer I don't know I
don't know I'm so nervous right now do
you think it is I I don't know I don't
want to say I don't to give it away on
the count of three one two three in the
chair in the corner no I didn't feel
anything it's right there you're so full
of shit
it's right now oh my god and this bird
fell sometime I hate you oh my god I'm
so easily so let's get started wait so
why do we have to do it like you rubber
click like why can't it be like why not
to do it this argument yeah yeah yeah
and he's not doing it like that he's
doing it wrong yeah I got spit all over
the week ok should we turn off the
lights okay we go in a circle and we say
dear every ghost spirit that's in this
house I can feel you in this room in the
chair
the corner girl laugh at that I'm sorry
we want to talk to you we want you to
talk to us and all of our fans fellow
Samir Fantas cookies and fucking stupid
ass people to watch me we want to know
why you're here
you can tell us we won't judge you we
won't be mean to you this is a joke this
is YouTube content Sweden moves on its
own this is some Charlie Charlie pencil
challenge we touch it and then we ask
questions and I did this answer okay do
you think they're here I'm going to be
honest and I'm not kidding I'm a hundred
percent feeling it okay I I can feel I
can always feel something spirits are
you here with us
I'm not doing that is Eli no I'm not I
swear to god I'm not doing how are you
doing that I'm not doing anything I'm
not doing it I'm not doing it I'm gonna
cry I'm gonna not do any time for yes
and sort of god you're doing oh my god
I'm like heavy breathing again here I
fucking told you that I told you there's
something here you're pushing I'm not
pushing I swear to God I swear on my
fans
I swear on rickey dillion oh my god yes
you pushed it you were pushing it is
okay I wasn't pushing I wasn't pushing
it I'm like really scared right don't be
scared I'm like gonna cry okay I think
we should have more lights I'm getting
excited he drives on that camel because
most of the time spirits will come in
the flame and will like flicker the
Halyburton so right now they're all
pretty active the air conditioner is not
on keep your eye on this one guys
because if it flickers or moves or
changes let's do one more yes-or-no
question okay do you want to tell us
something I'm not doing
now wait you're doing that I'm really
not because it's going like it's weird
oh my god oh my god oh my god
it's family's ass oh my god oh my god oh
my god my heart is like pounding cuz it
wasn't it was moving weird like it was a
guy even had a claw it was like let me
show you where I feel it felt like it
was heavy on the floor I'm barely
touching it I'm not it's going up it was
s oh my god it's like going hard it
feels like it almost feels like it's
floating now before it felt like it was
being pushed down hey you are doing that
shit not doing that oh my god oh my god
you're doing that cuz this my gosh
I'm not I smelled you I'm not gonna cry
I'm not no I genuinely want to know what
a strange noise right now what is it on
I can't see it I can't either it's in
between V and W s a V SAV it's an e it's
safe no I swear every by nice yeah I
swear I think you can't break that I
swear I'm not doing this I swear you I'm
not save no no I don't want you to mic
on it cuz it's gonna say me and I'm
gonna kill myself I'm not I honestly the
second I walked at your house I felt
such shit it feels like when you're in a
room full of spirits but it feels like
it's weighing on you like it's heavy
what does that even mean say hey it
saved me probably have you told them
that story so I told you and the other
day that I had this horrifying
experience in a cabin which I think I've
told my channel before where a demon
approached me and was like painting me
down in my bed and I saw a demon at the
foot of my bed it was terrifying and
I've seen a lot of like weird ghosts and
spirits and a man told my husband Josh
Joshua DTV
Joshua d-town a man who can access
portals told Josh that he knew what
happened to me in the cabin I've never
met this man before he is 800 years old
he doesn't have the internet but he was
like I can access portals I know what
happened to your girlfriend it was when
we
and when you woke up the demon went away
didn't it and Josh said yes he said
you're her protector you're supposed to
be there for her to save her from demons
and ghosts and things like they are
afraid of Josh but they're not afraid of
me
and now whatever's in this room is
saying save which maybe it's a ghost
that sees the demons and shit and
they're like girl don't tell me that I
mean I do want to bring this candle
forward
yeah yeah pumpkin spice latte dreams
tell us oh slug and oh god yeah love
socket spice latte here's what we're
gonna do what what an hour talking to
the candle yeah so the ghost is here the
Ouija board gets open we haven't said
goodbye so the ghost is still here yeah
now what we're gonna do we're gonna ask
it a question
and if the lights flicker really have a
rate should we have one of them or
should we have all three live one so
we're going to ask if the ghost is
trying to say that you need to get out
of this house and if that little light
gets high with clicks that's right I was
pretty still yeah you asked first of all
are you still here that's not fair oh my
god okay my god
Kimmy it got so still it did holy fuck
are you still with us oh my god oh my
god it's okay would only thoughtfully
thought it was come it was lazy still
and then I like that it was like fucking
lucky with my god okay do I need to get
out of this house that one was like
watching with a ninja question
no name no no I didn't I think they can
talk through candles more than anything
else okay guys the cameras stopped and
we had a full debate and we thought oh
crap I was like doing it and she's like
no we both off-camera we are not moving
it no and at one point I started to lift
my fingers up because I was like she's
moving in I got as you lift your fingers
up and that's just started moving
because I thought Shane is playing a
joke to get infused so I was
trying to push it over to no because we
asked is it in a house and I was like
I'm just gonna put it towards no I don't
want it to be in my house and I couldn't
like it was physically forcing my hand
this way because I was trying push I was
like I'm just going to push it towards
now and I couldn't do it okay so
sometimes if you're go sending you can
put on a voice recorder and when you ask
questions they answer but you can't hear
it in our human ears but reporters can
pick up the frequencies spirits in this
room you have made yourself known
we are aware you're here we're not
making fun of you this isn't a prank you
want to know what you're trying to tell
her obviously you're trying to tell her
to get out of this house is there a name
so spirit do you have a name okay it
stopped on s s okay spirit you're so far
you told us your name starts with an S
holy shit I'm not the T are you pushing
you know oh my god this is going to be
nuts because before oh my god I had a
feeling of what the name was and I swear
to God if it spells it out I'm gonna
lose my balls oh my god what's going
today oh my god that's one day I'm like
hyperventilating because I swear out I
had a name in my head I heard a name in
my head no see Holly fuck this Tac oh my
god this was the name of my head I'm
literally going to get my pants no shit
I'm not pushing it I'm not pushing this
gasps oh my god it's like getting
violent sta see why Stacey in my head
when I told you I heard something over
there and I felt it over there I was
like trying to channel my shit the name
Stacey popped in my head and I could
feel a woman I swear to God she listened
all right let's see if she talked to us
okay spirits in this room wanna know
what you're trying to tell her obviously
your
it feels like scanty hmm what what what
what I swear to you write what he said
Stacy
no I swear to God hold on do you hear
that yeah I not crazy a whisper it's a
whisper I swear to God back with I'm not
crazy right the last thing we have to do
now is we have to say goodbye and this
two together and went through two
circles and then we say away okay okay
goodbye goodbye all right guys we
definitely had a spirit we definitely
met whoa hi she's still here but she's
being quiet she nervous and I'm gonna
talk to Leo so sanded and holy fuck ah
I'm scared okay guys go over to her
channel subscribe check it out we did a
really funny video and it wasn't scary I
promise and give this video a thumbs up
if you want more Ouija board stuff and
leave a comment
who do you want us to talk to or what
questions should we ask next time yeah
so give this video a thumbs up subscribe
all that other shit I want to do it
again so like it yeah I like it and I'm
so uneasy right now oh god I feel great
I'm excited I feel like alive she's gone
she's gone when we started that thing
was like there were spirits everywhere
and now there's nothing no she left okay
guys I've get fun hanging with that this
weird guy that was so fun no what is it
again I rolled out alright time for a
work in progress like Ghana from Thoth
this book is very artistic I'm scared to
even touch it feel like my dirty dirty
hands are gonna ruin it
