oh my god that looks so good oh my god I
feel like Willy Wonka oh hey that's up
you guys yes it is that time again for
me to read through some youtuber books
and hopefully have some fun with them
and not make them mad at me or maybe
they will get mad at me no write about
me in the next book oh they'll be
amazing can you imagine like instead of
subtweeting sub book writing souza well
there's a new character in your book his
name is Dane shaston and you call him a
total fucking piece-of-shit douchebag is
that based on anybody
No mmm God that makes me hard anyways
today we're going to be reading four
books
I got girl online by Zoe Ella really
professional internet person by
jennxpenn a work in progress by Connor
Franta and the pointless book Alfie
deyes day is d is Alfie and before I get
started I just want to mention just like
last time I love all these people if I
did not like them I would not be giving
them promo for their books and I would
be doing this to them which I just did
but that doesn't mean anything
love ya B so we're gonna start with
really professional internet person by
jennxpenn little side note when I went
to Barnes & Nobles to buy this I saw it
on the shelf and I started crying I was
really embarrassed but I've known her
for so long and I've been watching her
since she was like eight that sounds
weird anyways I feel like a proud daddy
so I started crying but can't make fun
of it oh look at her just sitting on the
street corner if you didn't see the
title you would think it was like a book
about a child prostitute who's lost and
honestly maybe it is this book is
dedicated to the woman who pushed me out
of her oh that's graphic and continues
to push me forward through life that's
just uh I mean I understand you love
your mom but like now I'm thinking about
you covered in placenta running around
on YouTube oh the placenta challenge me
write that down
oh look she's a list of her favorite
things that she did at VidCon oh look
who made the list
that's me bitch that's me looking like
the creepiest creeper in the world look
at where my hand is holdin on to a young
jennxpenn by far the coolest thing that
happen to me was meeting Shane Dawson
when my favorite youtube comedians we
had an awkward side hug
remember that as being an awkward Jen I
remember that as being sweet I remember
that as me trying to make you feel like
I cared about you like I understood you
like I knew where you coming from and if
I my father gave you sign up because if
I were to give you a front hug and your
little 12 year old body would have been
pressed up against my 27 year old body
and you have been able to do a lawsuit
against me could you even like you tried
to hurt my duties I was just trying to
be appropriate Jen okay you know what
happens the VidCon stage of VidCon but
sometimes doesn't say they caught and
sometimes it ruins YouTube's career and
I don't need that one time I
accidentally touched a girl's ass at
VidCon she's probably 12 I was giving
her hug I thought it was her back it was
her ass she had a fat ass wasn't my
fault
you know the stairs I got from her
parents I was one finger away from being
banned for life let's move on oh I like
this something I've never really talked
about publicly before but it was really
upsetting and the most terrifying period
of my life huh what do you think it is
period pregnancy diabetes on September 8
2012 my channel was hat oh I mean that's
bad but like I was expecting you know a
death at 4 a.m.
rickey dillion called me and text me a
million times I love that Ricky Dylan's
the one that found it out
he's like a cop they're deleting
everything he said and then I saw that
somebody's posting weird videos to my
channel and start deleting all of my
videos one by one that honestly is kind
of terrifying although there are a lot
of my videos that could probably be
deleted okay they got her address
packages to my door started arriving
daily some were harmless like astronaut
ice cream others were very inappropriate
I wonder what that was I was only 16 and
someone sent me a giant purple dildo
girl you got it I'm so glad I'm weirdly
grateful for that dildo and my mom write
this Lou because they were able to check
the credit card purchases to see who
made the purchase oh and they caught him
can you imagine you go to court and the
judge is like okay what do you have to
tell me well that guy's been stalking me
and hacking me really what kind of proof
you got I got this is that a giant
purple dildo yeah yeah it is
I would love to be in that courtroom ten
things nobody will care about when you
leave high school popularity not true
drama not true whether or not you had a
boyfriend not true that time you fell I
got pudding everywhere very not sure how
many times people bring out the time
when somebody threw a burrito at my face
in middle school and everybody thought
it was shit and you know how sad it is
that people actually thought it was shit
why would I have shit on my face people
thought it was totally normal for me to
have shit on my face I mean yes I'm not
a grey
Piper and yeah sometimes I wipe don't
wash my hands in each my nose does that
mean I'm gonna be covered in shit yeah
probably
and then the book ends with her sitting
on the street again hopefully she keeps
doing YouTube and that doesn't end up
being her future but Jen if you ever
find yourself close to living on the
street just call up daddy I'll let you
lay on my couch I'll give you a lot of
side hugs you're 18 right I'll give you
a front hug all right time for a work in
progress that Ghana film buff this book
is very artistic I'm scared to even
touch it feel like my dirty dirty hands
are gonna ruin it in this intimate
memoir of life beyond the camera kind of
front of shares and lessons he's alone
so far in his journey from a small-town
boy to an internet sensation I'm not
gonna lie though I do love this look at
that looks like a fucking Instagram come
to life you know this looks like the
ugliest snapchat come to life no
facetune no filters although I wish I
could put a big egg play in front of my
head whoo look at the table context you
guys arm sticking out we kinda had the
same arm set - older hairier sadder worn
out ya know we don't have the same room
oh yes baby pictures I didn't have any
baby pictures in my book because nobody
ever took pictures means a baby by the
time I came around my parents were like
man kind of like the fourth Dorito del
loco taco de Tocqueville came out with
people are like I mean we get it Cool
Ranch okay I was salsa verde
you know nobody give a fuck oh my god
this is a letter from his mom dear
Connor as a baby you giggled and smiled
a great deal lapping up all the
attention from everything and everyone
whether we were at home or in the street
that is the opposite of me when I was a
kid was not giggling I was crying I was
shitting trying to be invisible and do
this weird thing where I put my thumb in
my butt and my other thumb in my mouth
and I go god if my mom wrote me a letter
about my childhood
it would not be cute you were very
particularly verbal from a young age I
remember the time you said the word
stupid when you were 23 months Wow it's
like not even two years old in your eyes
that's stupid how that beats me I don't
think I said cunt till 12 by the way
don't call your mom mad does it end well
Oh a journal entry okay this is from
2006 I'm looking forward to graduating
this year I think a little bit wait hold
on you did a journal entry when you were
18 and then you put in your book you got
some balls bitch now I didn't have a
journal but I did have a diary and it
had a lock of the keys so don't worry it
ain't gonna be published I think I wrote
in until maybe I was like 13
that's all I still have it I think it'll
be fun going to high school oh this is
when you were like oh my god I'm so old
I thought 2006 you were 18 oh no that
was me you were like 10
I'm gonna kill myself oh look the
teacher left a little comment on it High
School's gonna be fun for you and I'll
see you this year
mrs. fishel had you had nice teachers my
teacher would have been like thank God
get that fuck out
also stop leaving your diary around Shan
it's depressing an anxious boy in his
plastic crown oh my God look at her look
at her oh my god homecoming queen you
know where I was at homecoming oh and I
was coming all over the place alone I
was nominated for homecoming king and
today was crowning day for the past two
weeks my name has been plastered around
school
I see people check the box next to my
name to mark whether or not they want me
as king you know it's crazy
that didn't happen to me because I was
now popular but I was trying to run for
student council president or actually
student council treasurer because well I
could never be President and I made a
little sign it was so cute it was like
my name and then it said like Shane's
gonna take out the trash and then I had
little trash can and then had like
little crumpled up papers was like 3d it
was really cool I had them in every area
of the school and then one time going to
when to the bathroom I notice that
somebody had crumpled up put in the
toilet of shit on it so we had different
lives right now time to read girl online
now this I think isn't an actual like
it's not like an autobiography it's like
an actual story so I'm really curious
about this Lou penny has a secret under
the alias girl online
penny blogs about her hidden feelings
about friendship boys high school drama
her coffee family and the panic attacks
had begun to take over her life when
things go from bad to worse at school
her parents accept an opportunity to
whisk the family way for Christmas of
the wallet this is too smart for me girl
give me baby pictures that's all I want
dummy how to braid my hair I want you to
dedicate this book to all the people
have made this possible the people have
subscribed my channel watch my videos
read my blog whether it was from 2009 of
them yesterday your support means a
world to me there are no words to
express just how much I love every
single one of you without you this book
would not be in your hand that is true
if I was not here this book would not be
my hand it'd be on the floor that's a
science I dreamed that I was taking you
all around New York and every place we
visited turned into cake what could this
mean girl means you in my dream after my
house was turned into gingerbread oh
yeah because I'm always on a diet of
starting that you've been struck by the
curse of magical mystery day sounds
amazing though imagine at the Empire
State Building turned into Kato maja
have you looked outside yet oh oh my god
did you heard some
cake because that is a dream man you
better keep him know why has the moon
turned green I go over to my window and
pull the curtain feathery flakes of snow
and tumbling over the sky the buildings
down below look as if they've been
sprinkled with an icing sugar oh wow it
looks so beautiful
yep now it feels like Christmas have a
great day and see you at midnight I
don't know how much of this I can read
to make fun of because it's like a story
all right so since I can't read it let's
just rip the back literally me at high
school for any book report yeah through
the back it's fine I'll figure it out I
have this dream that secretly all
teenage girls feel exactly like me I
feel like all teenage girls feel exactly
like me
the my teenage girl my trans I make a
lot of sense and maybe one day when we
realize that we're all the same that'll
be awesome
but until that day I'm just gonna keep
it real on this blog and keep it unreal
in my real life that was deepest fuck
I'm actually gonna read this okay last
but not least the pointless book I'm
excited about this because I heard it's
like a fun book you know unlike mine
where paint made you want to kill
yourself write down your top 5 celebrity
crushes it's like an activity book
basketball challenge crumpled up this
page and throw it into the trash I
should have a page like that my book
alright I'm gonna do it this fucked up
your book but you told me to nailed it
worth the $20 or guys go that was me
making fun of youtuber books well not
really making fun of that but having fun
with them make sure to go get all the
books I'll put the links down there to
their Amazon's and stuff they're also
available in stores close to for
youtubers because they're fucking cool
and I like them all so give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe I make new
videos every single day and I'll see you
motherfuckers small fine oh that hand
that was given me Caitlyn Jenner
realness haha she beautiful bioethics
hands
