hello guys my name is destory and
welcome back to you what the fuck five
before we get in today's video I'd like
to thank our new sponsor weird green
juice that looks like Shrek speed being
drunk out of a glass my god this is bad
thank you so much to Louie Jackson to
the topic of this week's video if you
liked leave your own suggestion for a
future what the fuck five so make sure
to leave those in the comments down
below
that's it today's video we count down
the top five dumbest trends of all time
number one beanie babies some sure
there's a few Millennials watching this
video that are rolling their eyes right
now remembering back to a time when
beanie babies were a thing and for those
of you who maybe don't remember it was
essentially a worldwide craze where
everyone was collecting stuffed bears
for some reason there was really no
reason behind the craze of beanie babies
except for that most people believe
because they were collectible one day
they would be worth millions but here we
are 20 years later and they're
essentially worth about $5 each it
wasn't just beanie babies that everyone
seemed to be freaking out about as it
was around this time that Furby is also
became a thing which were basically
demonic-looking talking robots that were
honestly the shit of nightmares in the
early 2000s even more stupid toy trends
with viral including troll dolls Polly
Pockets those weird robotic talking dog
things razor scooters and even the razor
phone that everyone and their fucking
mothers seem to own at the time and of
course the more recent craze has been
centered around the fidgets spinner
which don't get me wrong he's a trend I
know you might be like no way that's
gonna be 83 one day and still rocking
the fidgets spinner yeah okay so just
keep in mind well you might be tempted
to buy a tin load of something because
it's super in right now just know like
all of my hopes and dreams eventually
they'll all die down and you'll be real
sad about it number two the fire
challenge this one really encompasses
just all internet challenges because
they are all stupid you know aside from
the ones that actually help to cause
like the ice bucket challenges all of
them are pretty dumb really while we can
sit here and sift through all of them
and grade how dumb they are from the
Kylie Jenner lip challenge where you cut
off circulation to your lips in a shot
glass to get big lips to the Charlie
Charlie challenge where the main goal
was to summon a Mexican demon to the
several challenges that were just
massive health hazards like the gallon
of milk challenge a salt and ice
challenge the condom ciao
and of course the wildly popular
cinnamon challenge which actually left a
few people in the hospital because of it
seriously look it up it's fucking pretty
but not more more idiotic than the fire
challenge which the main goal of the
entire thing was to light yourself on
fire for no reason just to just to do it
there was no like let's turn ourselves
on fire for charity which is stupid even
that but no this was like that you don't
be fun to light myself on fire for the
internet yeah Internet quick wit which
would you rather have memes or a body
free of third-degree burns hmm if you
even had to think about your answer
chances aren't you need a break from the
internet number three myspace
oh god fuck it myspace so far from being
a giant part of my life in the late
2000s with my cringe-worthy phase of
Destry demonic you can never kill death
to demise but will seriously never live
that down myspace was a hugely popular
website from around 2005 to 2012 where
it seemed like every one of its seventy
five point nine million visitors a month
were all trapped in their emo phase the
site became a platform that saw the rise
of a ton of creators on both YouTube and
in the music industry and then suddenly
died around 2012 when everyone was
disappointed in the site's new direction
and joined the new and exciting Facebook
with all of its super-fun intuitive new
features which I can't seem to think of
a single one of those features but
they're there I feel so bad for the
generation of people growing up right
now that won't know what it feels like
to log into my space and see this oh oh
baby I miss you MySpace why did you eat
I'm a really ugly crier sorry but again
myspace wasn't the only trendy website
throughout the internet ages long and
questionable rape other sites like
formspring dailybooth and MSN Messenger
which for you Millennials out there this
was for you yeah god the feel and of
course the website which we all dearly
miss is the actually good YouTube where
people could upload whatever they wanted
and there was a cool rating system but
people didn't get their videos to
monetize every time they uploaded a
video this
shade though number four rotting teeth
so let me have the trends from the last
few decades for this video and I was
like hmm
I wonder if there's any trends from like
way back in the day that people did and
that were just really stupid and as it
so happens there is as in the 1500s in
England it became a trend to have black
teeth this is 100% real
so apparently how this started is that
between during the time Queen Elizabeth
had consumed so much sugar that her
teeth actually started to rot out of her
skull and for whatever reason the rest
of society decided to glorify the
rotting of her teeth and started rotting
out their own teeth as well oh that's
disgusting but hey this one's an arrow
without toothbrushes or toothpaste so
you got to imagine that your choices of
dental hygiene we're pretty limited
hello how are you well your breath
didn't completely rot my skin off my
bone said hey what I've said as weird as
that is it was actually reported in the
1800s that the disease tuberculosis also
became a trend as it was considered a
beautifully artistic way to die and
there was a fashion trend where people
would pale their skin as much as they
could and then get dangerously skinny to
look like they had tuberculosis even
worse is that some people actually tried
to deliberately contrack the disease to
live out they quote artistically a
beautiful death they said it was one
dumb fuck and probably at number five
clothing trends so I can't move this one
together because there really wasn't one
specific trend out of the hundreds of
dumb trends that I've seen in the
fashion industry that have stood out to
me and is ever evolving as the fashion
industry is I'm sure even remember back
to a time where maybe you dressed a
certain way or you did your hair in a
certain fashionable style and now you
look back on it are like what the hell
was I thinking for me was when I was in
eighth grade and for some reason I
thought it was awesome to have orange
gangster pants with a matching orange
vest puka shell necklaces and etnies
shoes with no laces while my hair was
spiked up but only in the front and with
blond highlights what's that you want to
you want to see a picture luckily all of
those images if it burns by me so
luckily no one will ever have to see
that but if I do find one that isn't
ashes in my mom's fireplace I'll make
sure the lady's name yes throughout the
years has been a lot of dumb fashion
trends from the people wearing cross
which were those neon phone clogs that
had holes in them that were essential
Universal sign that someone had given up
on life the of the trend which looked
like space boots for basic bitches there
was of course the silly van trend where
everyone was wearing those weird like
band things and I think they meant
different sexual things I don't know
maybe that was just advisable that's
where I was like Japanese wearing black
bands man
you know what that means he's down with
the bridge there was a trend in the
1920s where women started dyeing their
hair black cutting his shorts wearing
kind of more sexy dresses and smoking
from those weird long cigarette thingies
I don't know why but I always thought
the 1920s flapper girls were just so big
I'm sorry I'm weird but damn this was
also the same kind of era where dudes
started getting attracted to girls calf
muscles for some reason B you know it
now was like who the booty ur those
titties it was like oh yeah I don't know
again pretty weird trend and the early
2000s there was a trend for some reason
to wear baggy pants that sag literally
below your ass crackit it just looked
like you pooped yourself 24/7 ha there
was a trend from the 80s to around to
the mid 90s where girls just wore their
pants way too high like way too hot
which if you're fan of camel toe Merry
Christmas I guess but that cannot be
come anyways that is it for this episode
of what the fuck 5 hopefully you guys
had a jolly ol time going up every Lane
my question today for you guys is what
is the worst trend that you've ever been
a part of let me know in the comments
down below before you guys go make sure
to check out my newest video on my
channel which is a reaction video to all
of my own videos and there's actually a
really golden video of Shane and i's
first ever a collab video that we did
that you guys would absolutely love so
check that video out the description
down below
lets up guys i'll see you next time for
another one to put 5 thanks for watching
and Fairwinds
