hey guys guess what we filmed a new
podcast and guess who the guy from my
boobs we talked about awkward dates we
talked about if we're actually dating he
might be my boyfriend we talked about
her sucking dicks I almost died in a
tsunami and I almost died so go down
there so glad that consilina friends
check out the podcast you can also
listen on itunes it's really great oh
hey what's up you guys I don't know
about you but when I was in school every
morning I would wake up and I'd run to
the cupboard and I'd open it hoping
there would be pop-tarts or some kind of
name-brand cereal and all I got was
nothing the amount of times I had
ketchup and milk for breakfast were
countless so I decided today to make up
a challenge basically because I wanted
to try pop-tarts because I haven't
really done that I mean I've tried them
a couple of times throughout my life
mainly when I was at friends houses and
I'd open up their cool cupboard and
they'd have like name-brand stuff made
up Oreos that have Nutter butters enough
pop-tarts it's just a lot different from
my cupboard which would have well
ketchup and milk I was like hey I'm
going to a challenge where I'm gonna try
six of the craziest pop tart flavors and
hopefully follow up with all of them
also I look really white there we go
yikes I'm not trying to look like a
frozen pop-tart trying to look a little
bit toasted now first of all I just want
to say this is not hashtag spots or hash
tag add this is hash tag now that I can
afford them I want them all and I got
them all let's start okay some of these
flavors look great some look really
creepy and gross first we got cookies
and cream okay I'm excited about this
one there are some flavors that I'm not
excited about but this is not one of
them oh I love cookies and cream and
anything I know it's a controversial
choice but my favorite kind of candy bar
is Hershey's cook using cream bars and
this looks not good why did I want these
when I was a kid it looks like an old
piece of dogshit like when it turns
white and I'll tell you to taste the
same cuz I've tasted that whoo I do like
the way it open through the creamy cream
pie right here we go okay hold on okay
it took me to a lot of places I'm still
there
I don't know where I am I'm lost it
started out like dog shit and then I
tasted the Oreos and I was like oh fuck
but then I tasted the cream another ooh
fuck but then that one
away I was left with the aftertaste of
just the oreo cookie like without the
cream and I think I like it okay all
right I see what I've been missing my
whole childhood and it makes me sad but
a fun game I'm gonna give that four out
of five years of therapy next time okay
this one is called gone nutty peanut
butter and jelly I don't like anything
peanut butter and jelly flavored I like
being murdered all sandwiches I don't
like the flavor like when yo Guerlain
had the peanut butter and jelly flavored
yogurt that couldn't get any grosser I'm
just not a fan of fake flavors and
fake-ass bitches except for the fake
brand of Lucky Charms like the one
that's in the bag that doesn't have a
label that was amazing whoa these ones
are like I got the golden - yes do not
microwave in this pouch shit I got
imagine to get thrown this the microwave
just lighting their whole house on fire
see when you're poor you don't have
anything like the house on fire matches
are expensive oh okay oh this looks like
a piece of bread that a dog shit on and
there's a little bit of blood in there
so just probably ate that checked this
one does not look appetizing but the
last one didn't either it was good so
let's see Oh
mmm strawberry jelly no peanut butter
jelly is great okay it's not strawberry
it's enough orange it's not manga
reading however the fuck you pronounce
that great sorry very serious about a
jelly y'all getting out of this jelly oh
wow Oh mmm
the first thing that came to my mind was
gun powder I don't know why I've never
tasted gun powder I've got clothes but
I've never tasted it it just tastes like
burn like when you're straining your
hair and you smell popcorn you're like I
should probably stop like that like I
can taste my hair frying you can't see
some peanut butter all you just his
jelly but then there's like a hint of a
peanut in the back and he's like hey I
want to join the party the jelly is that
kid dumb fuck out of here Pina you can't
handle this and she was right because
that was too much jelly : PETA I get
that zero out of five Destiny's Child
members I couldn't handle any of the
jelly red velvet okay
this one a fucking punk about I have
never not liked anything red velvet
flavor if it's an Oreo if it's a cookie
if it's a pie if it's ice cream if it's
fucking I don't know err if it has
reveled in the title I'm buying
I'm trying it I mean it no okay well at
first I was like that looks appetizing
and then I saw the color of it and I was
like oh that looks like an old pad
definitely did not have wings and it was
a heavy flow month but I don't care I'm
still excited it still fucking pumped
boo the cream cheese on the inside I'm
gonna do a little ere we go little
multitask just make my own perfect
little square oh that's so good oh you
fucking killed it you fucking killed it
baby you fucking did this that's perfect
everything about it's perfect nothing
else to say
red velvet rip every velvet five out of
five cake bosses boom bunny all over my
face next is hot fudge sundae huh I am
NOT excited about this one don't get me
wrong I like hot fudge sundaes what do I
want then crammed into a piece of bread
that really oh oh that's a disaster it
was a good idea with the sprinkles but
then they like sharted all over it it
smells good it smells very good
oh the cream inside is really gooey and
thick okay here we go
oh no the inside is not cream is
marshmallow no nothing that I hate more
than marshmallow that's not honest more
Oh the texture it's like biting into a
zip oh oh it's like cellulite oh it's
just something about it that feels humid
no no no is zero out of five no that is
not anywhere near as good as an actual
hot fudge sundae which by the way why
are those not more popular because those
are so fucking amazing got the cold ice
cream you got that hot syrup that's like
creating this hard bottom like this
fucking sprinkles like that crunch it's
like that crunch but like that smoother
but like that crunch oh and then if you
stir it up a little bit near the end you
could just drink it what was it oh yeah
a video hi Chuck with peanut butter cup
races
I'm nervous I'm nervous because I like
chocolate peanut butter cup side only
Reese's and not when it's flavors like I
don't like Oreo Reese's I don't like
anything else like that
I hate Reese's Pieces so I'm you know
this okay all right doesn't look good
but I'm gonna give it a try okay it
smells good smells like a rhesus here we
go oh oh oh oh it's like a bunch of
peanut butter cups and then they smash
them all together
oh it's like a frightening oh my god oh
oh I'm really excited
that's very good I'm going to be eating
those for real usually I throw this shit
away or this you know give it to Drew
but I'm gonna be eating these for real
oh yes oh five out of five five out of
five Reese's peanut butter cups that I
place on my nipples and I'm a crotch I
just like sexy places wrap my body and
then I have a dog lick it off
don't judge me and last but not least
wild licious very wild berry I don't
know it has a rainbow on it I am NOT
excited about this because I hate berry
I also and not a big fan of food that
has wild in the title is my stomach is
not wild its tame and if I put something
like this in it it can't be tamed
ooh these are pretty though Wow look at
that oh that's cool
okay all right I'm in okay it's jelly
you know me I don't like jelly but you
know what I give them an A+ for the look
here we go okay you know what I didn't
hate it I don't like it cuz I don't like
I don't like berries but the texture of
the icing was good it was crunchy was
like power like it went in right for you
like I wasn't scared of it but then
after I got through that layer I knew
there was love in there but then I ended
up not loving it but it's fine because I
get a chance that's the fair Abraham at
Pop Tarts that's a pop-tart from like
when you look at the outside you're like
damn the pop-tart looks crazy it looks
like I had a hard life it has a very
hard shell over it I don't if I can get
through in a second you get through
you're like oh I don't like it but I'm
gonna be drop alright I give that five
out of five very areum's
and five out of five pussy molds
remember she did that remember yeah she
did that well you guys go those are my
pop-tarts experiences hopefully you
enjoyed watching that let me know down
the comments what your favorite pop tart
is and what your least favorite pop star
it is I'll save this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
yeah oh there it is I'm trying to get
