hey guys I'm so scared right now
um what of you what bank and I do
oh my god sup y'all get me hi guys I'm
here with my name tell em who you are
I'm Miranda they know who I am how long
yes I'm here with Brenda and we are
grateful to you
hey okay this is going really well yes
mess uh well we are going to be doing
some challenges today first we're going
to do why don't this is a great
challenge wow I'm so glad you're
prepared when you come into my house
almost there guys
this is ridiculous what the fuck now
we're going to play cards against
humanity' you ever played this before
yes I have it's a bit of a sinner game
so first we have to do exactly what it
says on the card ready nice okay thank
the person who you think wants you to
spank em AHA well I think you deserve a
spanking
don't put it so close to me I know that
thing is lethal oh really bang harder oh
oh oh thank you that's fun see yeah that
was fun because you deserve a spanking
every night adults in his office now we
have to do this what get it out okay
annealing Blowfish she's hugging these
we know the only reason you should do
that is if he can't hunt once you have
to kiss the boo-boos ban on right all
right now we're gonna play guess that
song okay ready
okay
change them you should not be listening
to dirty lyrics if you're gonna listen
to a song like this change the lyrics
you can say my neck my bag wipe my to
key and my crack change it so it's
educational and not disgusting like this
hole okay let's try one more
I don't
no it was horrible
which one are was that I think it was
Cameron Dallas are you keen are you done
Oh welcome here I was trying to be nice
and help you by doing it Vinnie with you
and help you get 10 subscribers because
I know you're struggling and you come
and you doing this ok I'll make it up to
you don't touch me
sorry I'm gonna play a game with you
that you're gonna love because you love
Joey
Shane do not mess with Joey you've been
trying to steal him from me for years
Joey Graceffa is mine
and you cannot take him I'm sick of
seeing it on champagne champagne with
Joanne Jean no 112 he is mine Joey so
don't mess with it we're gonna read a
passage of Joey's book okay we're gonna
have to guess what chapter is from all
right so we got Joey's book here you
ready
jinx so you're gonna read a number 45
number 45
yeah his book Celeste squeezes sack and
sea beans just before a genki genki
genki luncheon ej and jangling gym his
dentals rice like a pan of hot air
balloons to prevent him more power to
argue them or gain what's that one
orgasmic what's that orgasmic I don't
understand I don't remember reading that
chapter on screens and sex who is Sachs
is he's amazing oh here we go here is
sorry Rama
Oh time okay read number 87 oh it's
Harry
Oh seint jame no one likes to find hair
in the meal on that is false
he's probably never once thought about
below the belt heirloom me but tell him
that not only while a trim give you
better access to a champ it will also
make him look bigger and watching how
fast he starts nipping
what's a chair a shaft oh it's like the
bottom of the penis
don't meet his mom Joey I read that
whole few sent me the one that did
better than any worse video I never been
a part of yeah oh there it is
