hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb comm we talk about the
things that are bellowing up on the
internet so it appears that youtuber
Tyler Oakley is attempting to get the
most coveted YouTube collaboration of
all the collaboration with the Pope this
collaboration is second only to God
youtuber Tyler Oakley tweeted at the
Pope asking if he was down for a little
collaboration adding a little sprinkle
of humor and you know what Tyler Oakley
I'm gonna steal that GLAAD from you I
could have just tweeted at the Pope but
instead I'm making this video to let him
and his people know all of my collab
pitches so he can decide if he is down
for a cross-promotion collab daddy do I
usually don't bother saying this because
I feel like it's obvious but considering
that this is the Pope I think I should
just preface this by saying I'm joking
this is a chick this is a joke anyway
let's dive right into the collab ideas
the first video I would like to do with
the Pope is the Charlie Charlie
challenge because a demon actually does
show up that is one of the few human
beings who could probably combat it and
beat it for good but no worries that the
Pope is not vibing with that video idea
maybe performing a D minute test for the
Internet is not super Catholic in that
case we can make a much simpler
collaboration video that I like to call
cooking with the Pope
it might be very similar to a video that
Andrea Russett just did called cooking
with Andrea but instead of Andrea it's
the Pope also instead of making cookies
I thought we could switch it up a little
bit kind of specialize it to the guests
that we'd have and the Pope could teach
me how to make the communion bread and
wine I mean everyone knows if you want
to learn how to cook southern food you
go to Paula Deen if you want to learn
how to cook
quirky snacks you go to grace helbig's
youtube channel and if you want to learn
how to make the proper communion bread
and wine complete with a blessing you go
to the pope but I don't know too much
about this current Pope's backstory he
might not be a big fan of cooking which
is totally fine
don't fret I have another idea so my
next collab idea what the Pope is to do
the 7 second challenge but again I'm
going to add a little personalized twist
I thought it would be good if the Pope
asked me or we can do it vice versa I'm
not super picky but one of us is
asking the other to list the seven
deadly sins in seven seconds I get it I
get it the Pope might not be the biggest
fan of counting and that's totally fine
as always got another idea in my back
pocket or front pocket can't
specifically remember where I put it
but I'll find it it's in this pair of
pants specifically why am I going into
this much metaphorical detail the next
video concept I have is a little bit on
the risque side I've got to be fun if
the Pope and I did a lie detector test
we should ask each other questions like
have you ever kissed another youtuber
ever hooked up with a Viner
I'm sorry what good forgot oh so we're
gonna scratch that idea aggressively but
don't fret you know how this goes got
another one blah blah blah so basically
this one would be quite the prank on the
audience we title the video the
girlfriend boyfriend tag and then once
you click the video it's the Pope and I
I'm sorry what
Oh yet oh that goes but okay I see
what's happening huh so this whole hope
priests giving himself to God thing is
very admirable of course but it's tricky
for coming up with clickable YouTube
collaboration ideas it's almost like the
Pope's position of power isn't made for
you to brand it but you know what I have
one final idea that I think could pretty
much work probably so we have the Pope
right I'm also there supervising making
sure it all run smoothly we have the
Pope and iPhone he can use his own but
he doesn't have to he's the Pope we can
supply him a nice life on for the shoot
the Pope then tastes the iPhone and he
just eats it we call it mandating iPhone
challenge it should go a little
something like this
okay well at the Pope hopefully you
enjoyed one of these collab ideas you
can slide right in my dams on either
Twitter or Instagram if you are
interested thank you guys so much for
watching another religion is a little
touchy again this is a joke all good
with all types of human beings no no bad
blood no shade no beef with me in the
Pope if you enjoyed this video or
thought it was a funny time give it a
thumbs up and check out the latest video
over on my channel a that pretty messy
and I am really happy with how it turned
out so watch it you can also follow me
on Twitter and Instagram at Alexis she's
all I post lots of things updating you
guys on my life and behind us into my
videos so I recommend checking it out to
get the full experience e question of
the day if you can make a collab video
with the Pope what sort of video would
you do leave it in the comments below
I'll see you guys next time over the
bright new episode a bomb calm Saul good
huh
