hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is dusty
and I am terrified of spiders oh wow
but this is what the fuck news we talked
about the super weird news that you
might have missed in the last week and
the first thing that I want to talk
about today is news I've said it before
and I'll say it again everyone in the
world takes news President Obama that
scary lady from insidious even Shane
Dawson probably takes news oh well I'd
note a teen was arrested earlier this
week after he had some very explicit
photos on his phone that later just
turned out to be nudes of himself
wait what it's like have you got
arrested for stealing from yourself
that's like if you were masturbating and
someone called the police on you for
sexual assault 3 2 I would have to ask
you to stop assaulting your penis what
but apparently these 17 year olds whore
mega copening of Fayetteville North
Carolina was only 16 when he took the
nude photos of himself which is
technically illegal to have based on the
child pornography laws for sexually
exploiting a minor copening also
narrowly avoided jail time and being
registered as a sex offender for his
dastardly crime but only because he had
to strike a plea deal to get out of it
also thank god this didn't go to trial
no embarrassing it'd probably be to have
pictures of your dog passed around a
courtroom as you can see this is a
picture of the defendants penis oh my
god that's really small judge if you
want to take a look at that oh wow that
is small also based on the consent laws
of North Carolina it would be
technically legal to have sex with a 16
year old but not to receive a nude photo
of one how does that make sense that's
like the no touching rule in a strip
club only backwards you can touch the
strippers all you want you just don't
look at hey I see you look at oh man so
this is my next time you think of taking
a straight-on picture of your butthole
make sure you get permission from
yourself before you do it in one with
the fun news a man was arrested early
this week in a playground after several
people witnessed in having sex with a
slide hey you know I've had try not to
be so quick to judge this guy maybe he
was severely drunk or hallucinating
maybe he thought the slide was his
ex-girlfriend
I don't know well it actually turns out
that it is none of these and that this
is actually his second slide related
offense after he admitted to police the
first time that he's sexually attracted
to playground equipment what the fuck
how can you be a
crafted to playgrounds equipment like
what traumatic shit in this guy's life
had to happen for him to be like well I
just jacked off to a picture of a
swingset what does this mean for me like
when this guy made a facebook profile it
had to fill out sexual orientation what
did he put the sweet is straight gay
bisexual mmm are Emma's gonna put
playground equipment sweet forty six
year old Christopher Johnson of the UK
was arrested last week and is banned
from going to any park with the
playground and also has to receive sex
offender treatment for 18 months I'm
just imagining how awkward it probably
was to arrest this guy oh yeah sir I'm
gonna have to oh my god sir back away
from the slide ah yeah you like that
shit slide oh my god Classen what the
fuck news robot sex robot sex law that
we dreamed as a race to be able to craft
our perfect lover one who's always
attracted to you and always turned on by
you without all those annoying side
effects like personality and actually
having to socialize a little luckily me
first-ever sex robot is being currently
made by a company called true companion
and promises to launch the product later
this year the product if you're
wondering is called Roxy and looks like
this oh my god okay well that's good
it's only moderately terrifying it's
only gonna give me nightmares five times
this week
great honestly though this thing is
fucking terrifying I'm more terrified of
this thing than I am of spider also in
the past sex dolls have been a pretty
popular item but until now didn't have
any robotics of any kind so it's more
like having sex with the live dead girl
which I could tell you first hand is not
very fun wait what don't ask
unfortunately no great innovation is
complete without some opposition which
came in the form of a group who made a
campaign to ban the manufacturing of sex
robots saying that you use the
technology in unnecessary and
undesirable yeah undesirable to you baby
but I'm doing this show has taught me
anything it's that there are some really
weird people out there that'll literally
stick their dick into anything and
honestly if I had a Jennifer Lawrence
but I probably never leave the house
also though if sex robots existed they'd
be as safe and humane way to practice
sex so you aren't fucking terrible and
awkward the first 20 times you do it
don't even be like an educator
I'd be like please refrain from sticking
your fist at me girls don't like that
back thanks robot for the leader of the
campaign against the sex robots dr.
Kathleen Richardson did have a valid
point about sex robots instead of the
equation of sex robots could only
further the stereotype that
relationships only need to be physical
and that women are objects only to be
used to satisfy men which I totally good
however in addition to Roxy the company
plans to release Rakhi which is the male
equivalent and hopefully one that's not
so fucking terrifying
I mean Gretchen Roxy is still 10 times
more attractive than most of my
ex-girlfriends but still oh and honestly
if rocky looks anything like the Jude
Law sex robot from AI the guys out there
watching we might be in trouble cuz
ladies think about it a robot he was a
master at sex won't play call of duty on
your anniversary and won't shove your
head down on his crotch and say suck it
Wow dreams can come true anyways that is
it for this episode of what the fuck
news the question of the day for you
guys is if you can make a sex robot who
would you bottle it after I think you
guys know my answer leave your answers
in the comments down below all of the
day's stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links including my youtube channel at
youtube.com slash captain Ted steps see
it's pretty cool subscribe to stuff I
guess that being said I will see you
next time for another what the fuck News
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
you
