oh my god gotta be oh it's all swollen
hey what's up you guys yes today we're
going to be doing a quiz where I figure
out am ia believer or not I've always
had a weird love-hate relationship with
Justin Bieber I don't know I mean I
don't hate them I don't love them
his hair confuses me it's basically how
I feel about myself but today we're
gonna find out how much of a belieber Am
I and I really hope I'm not one
considering I'm a 27 year old man that
would just be weird well I guess it'd be
weirder if I was an ariane inator that's
what they're called right I don't know
okay here we go
are you Justin Bieber's biggest fan no
when Justin just down lyrics to a new
song
he uses his his producers hand like
literally five people like not him
although I think he rides his new music
so let's go with his right hand although
he could be a lefty cuz lefties are
crazy oh fuck I was wrong he's a lefty
makes a lot of sense they get so mad
that pens and scissors in culture so
hard for them to use they take out their
anger by paying a buckets when Justin
feels thirsty he reaches for an ice-cold
subtweet oh wait that's me I'm gonna go
with definitely an espresso cuz that's
an adult drink definitely not orange
juice cuz that's way too healthy has a
way too many vitamins and something
tells me he's not a fan of pulp I
definitely not vitamin water if I know
waters fucking disgusting nobody drinks
that I'm gonna go through pee no oh
he drinks orange juice interesting I
guess his mom did teach him something
when Justin's on tour he has no problem
talking to his fans in oh my god if he
speaks Japanese that would be amazing
you know how many Japanese girls I've
seen that look just like Justin Bieber
I'm gonna go Japanese no ah fuck French
haha so far I've got none of them right
but I still believe in myself
Justin can play every instrument except
guitar I feel like no no he can't play
guitar because I remember when he's a
little boy who is on the steps and he
was like baby yeah yeah face I don't
even know if that means I'm not all
about that trumpet that would be
hilarious piano I can definitely see him
with his little lady fingers I'm gonna
go with bass oh I know if he knows
guitar then he definitely knows bass I'm
gonna Trump it what how does he know how
to do that isn't it just like the room
now he's just trying to piss me off
Justin loves his mom her name is Patti I
know
for sure yes yes yes fuck you fuck yeah
mom's Justin blank Bieber oh my god
boo that's hard I don't know that drew
Oh that'd be amazing dude I mean I know
his mom's a little but not that will boo
Donald that would be great
I think it's Darian just because it
sounds kind of douchey what huh it's
true oh my god
are they related they both know how to
play piano they both have weird haircuts
they both love hanging objects me and
drew bond over the fact that we both
like peeing in mugs so weird friendship
Justin's astrology sign is I don't know
cancer damage Justin's afraid of he's
definitely not afraid of the dark
because he's been living in it for a
while
definitely not crowds because he's in
front of them billions of people all the
time I'm gonna go with spiders
cuz I'm afraid of spiders I feel like
everybody's afraid of spiders any of you
say you're not afraid of fires you're a
fucking liar ah confined spaces with the
amount of virgins that he's dated please
Justin prefers to rock the following
brand of shoes I don't care Nike damn it
Justin is this guy's biggest fan okay
this is the last one I have to make sure
I get it right I think it's uh sure cuz
didn't uh sure
discover him please be right please be
right what no what
who the fuck is that alright well let's
see my results you got 10% ha ha ha I am
NOT a believer I might be a disbeliever
I think I'm just an atheist not for God
but for Bieber like I believe in
something but like not him well guys go
hopefully you enjoyed that let me know
down the comments are you a believer yes
or no also did you know what the answers
to those questions cuz I fucking didn't
although this video thumbs up and
subscribe me today and I'll see you guys
Wow
this would've been me I would put him on
my head I actually have a picture of me
with underwear on my head
used to be my Skype profile pic never
had a lot of sexy Skype conversations
with that profile but
