they're too big eyes yes it is another
time for me to look at the boy and girl
group fans whatever and I don't know
anything about and hopefully fall in
love with them or fall in hate with them
who hopefully get to a Twitter war with
them who every good till last time I
looked up fifth harmony and I ended up
liking them so now I'm gonna be looking
at five s.o.s I don't know anything
about them except for that one song but
she looks so fucking something in my
underwear while she wearing them
there's my poop stain on her but it's
really sexy song alright let's Google
Wow okay
there's a lot going on first of all what
the fuck is this oh my god that looks
like corny that's that guy from Harry
Potter
wait this is one direction way I'm
confused is this 5sos this is what you
girls are wet for I want to be that one
okay that's obviously not them oh here
they are
Wow okay hold up there's a lot happening
first I'm gonna start with him one of
these things is not like the other
they're all wearing like black they're
all you know coward and I feel like they
were walking down the street and he was
like hey can you expand some change and
they were like you know what if we dye
your hair red you could look like a pop
star
let's throw you in our group aren't they
British I don't know I feel like they're
branded they seem British he's British I
know British tongue when I see one he
has no idea what's happening I know him
he works at the mall he works in mrs.
fields he hooks it up with a cookies oh
I asked someone who gives me - what is
that Han single hop Illuminati that's
what they do that's what they do
whatever is written on his chest looks
like Illuminati - I don't trust them
wait that's the same people wait what
sorry I just got to go exam oh my god
why I had that wig I had that wig
he might be my favorite he don't give no
fucks and the fuck don't give him where
did he come from was he in the other
picture - they all look different was
this like 10 years ago was this when he
was like exploring his goth side look
now he's here screen he has borderline
personality disorder and I relate to
that it's like when Britney Spears would
be like oh yeah whenever
diamon here a different color and see
cuz a lot of my personalities took over
my brain she actually said that
remember no okay good who is that one of
them keeps changing one of them this one
looks different in every picture his
tongue can not stay in his face and this
one just moved up like he was working in
his fields and now he's kind of working
a hot topic and this one lost a lot of
weight I think he's sick they need to
take care of him what why are they all
wearing underwear well by the way I like
the fact that they're wearing underwear
over their clothes because that would be
me if a photographer is like oh hey you
know would be cheeky you just put on
these underwear I feel like ha ha ha I'm
putting them on over my clothes I'm not
showing you my actual bulge you fucking
sicko plus I'm self-conscious that my
bulge is not great this would have been
me I would put him on my head I actually
have a picture of me with underwear on
my head
used to be my Skype profile pic never
had a lot of sexy Skype conversations
with that profile bit wow he looks like
he works at PacSun he's going on through
them all ok I need to hear what they
sound like like in an interview yeah
bitch calm down if you want to scare
them look how scared they are he's like
can we get the fuck out of here and he's
like my shift at the mall starts five
minutes I gotta go wait I don't know if
they're British or if that's a fake
accent are they joking are they making
fun of her I said because her accent is
they all feel like crazy here though
doesn't talk like that the way he talks
like what a crazy person oh he is
British but what about mall boy they
don't let him talk
feeling sorry it's not your shift yet oh
boy now I don't know if my favorite is
cuz I like crazy ass motherfucker and I
like mole boy the other two I mean
they're fine but like whoa boy they're
giving me something different ok now
let's watch them sing this one is called
she's kind of hot which like if I was a
girl I'm like fuck you like kinda hot
really like this meal is kind of good
like O'Shea Dotson Oh his videos are
kind of terrible just be honest tell me
it's terrible
ooh that's a nice house wait who's that
wait what's happening gloves
wait tools they're gonna kill somebody
she's kind of hot cuz they light her on
fire is that Ricky doing
who is that he's on the band is he new
they're eating kids I like it so I'll be
starting there's a cartoon cat am i on
acid I don't not like it I just was not
expecting him to scream at me wait what
is happening oh boy
Oh crazy dreams like getting out of mom
never gonna happen
is she I mean no offense but your type
she's kinda 30 years older than you
though those were not words what wait
you're on meds and you have power tools
that's like rule number one do not
operate heavy machinery
oh no it's cool I'm just on a little bit
it see those little pills not safe okay
I don't hate it
let's go to another one this one's
called good girls oh but it says bad
girls I'm confused already
Oh craziest things okay I get it
bandana are they in jail they're already
in jail they just started their career
are they gonna bacon I don't handle all
that I don't want to see the crazy one
naked like I'm curious if he has like
colorful everything else you know I'm
saying wait never loved to drink tea in
class I remember one time I brought a
water bottle to school and I got kicked
out and now other fuckers have a lattes
fucking children okay
okay I kind of like it all right I'm
down I feel like I get to sing like that
hold on let me try pretty girl do you
want nailed it
well you guys go that was me reacting to
the first time to 5sos
I actually don't hate them I kind of
liked it so that was cool give me a
thumbs up and subscribe new videos
everything today and also leave me
comment letting me know what your
thoughts on 5sos are and also who's your
favorite I don't know I'm in between
mall boy crazy boy I really know depends
on how I'm feeling that day but I also
kinda like when he screamed at me so I
have issues right you guys have you up
I'm gonna be up an interview and I'll
see you tomorrow bye it's squirting I
didn't know that could happen miracles
happen once in a while if you believe
and I believe
