hey guys so if you've been watching me
for a while you know that I have a sick
sick obsession no not we're talking
badly about myself but I do need to fix
that I have an obsession with popping
pimples I don't know what it is I don't
know if it's the fact that when you
squeeze it it explodes I don't know if
it's the fact that the smell of it kind
of reminds me of childhood I don't know
if it's the fact that I like to put my
mouth on top of a pit bull pop it and
have the blood rush through my teeth
whatever it is I just can't get enough
of it so I thought I would be vulnerable
and I would also show you how genuinely
I love it now I'm gonna warn you these
videos are graphic they might make you
throw up but when you see how much I
love it
it is gonna make you throw up with
happiness it's like when you watch a
puppy eat a treat and you so excited get
that treatment and as he's eating that
you're petting him and you're like oh
baby you love that treat I gave you that
treat I love that you love that tree
that's exactly how I feel when somebody
walks up to me and says hey Shane I'm a
back pimple I can't get you can you get
it pop fucking ready here we go let's
watch some videos oh we haven't seen
this one okay this one is called biggest
zit cyst pop ever all my favorite key
words
oh wait what's happening wait where is
it wait where is it oh my god is that it
is that it oh fuck fuck oh my god hold
on any deposit okay ready
oh my god oh my god oh my god it's oh my
god that's it that's it it looks like a
tampon string oh my god maybe it's a
gender bun huh
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh oh it's like your ears making cheese
oh it's like Cheez Whiz okay first of
all why is it mom filming this second of
all why is it yellow I've never seen
that before oh I'm sweating oh okay
listen I love it sometimes it makes me
throw up but I still love it similar to
how I feel about Big Macs oh my god it's
like she's a hoop earrings oh my god oh
my fuck
oh my fucking fuck it won't stop why
won't it stop you know what's good
though it blends in with her hair so
like if she's at school one day and she
scratches her earring like a bug pus
comes out it's like oh no it's just part
of my highlights oh I was wrong
oh okay we're gonna go to a different
one this is this is intense this one is
called a gross fun deep pimple pop oh it
looks like you got shot oh my god what
are they putting in it what is that oh
my god is that a safety pin that's too
far for me I would never
okay oh no oh no oh god what is
happening I can't see it's too blurry
the 480p oh no oh no oh no yes yes yes
oh my god what the fuck what the fuck is
happening wait what is happening where
is it sorry Jim
sorry Jenna food Jim Oh a Jim I hope
you're biting on something Jim what the
fuck just happened what the fuck just
happened
what was that coming out oh yes bitch it
is bring him out bring him out Oh his
skin is like play-doh oh wait is it a
bug oh there she is
oh I see the head I see the head oh no
she's made you gentle she's part mouth
on there go oh my god this to me is like
Christmas like if my mom came to me on
Christmas decision I got you something I
couldn't wrap it cuz I couldn't reach it
I'd be like yes bitch alright I'm gonna
leave this one because I'm not impressed
I need something insane I like the name
of this one pimple cyst pop leaves a
huge deep hole oh my god my computer
history Oh Oh No oh my god it literally
looks like they're milking her
what is that the sheep is that a
pregnant belly
are they popping the baby okay these are
letting me down I want to see something
first compilation oh I love a good
cooperation oh my god what wait I need
to go back
oh my god it's squirting squirting I
didn't know that could happen miracles
happen once in a while if you believe
and I believe Oh Oh No
oh my god it's like sausages it made
sausages oh my god oh my god oh no in
the kitchen in the fucking kitchen have
some respect
oh it's a dribbler alright one more oh
my god on your neck oh my god huh huh I
don't know if I love it anymore I might
be over it I think I just fell out of
love I found love in a hopeless place
but then I left it I don't want it
anymore
well there you guys go hope you threw up
coz I did this video a thumbs up
subscribe I make new videos every day I
don't feel good bye take under you're
great oh wait why would you be suppose
over it I just feel so crazy right now
ah
