oh hey the burger boys are back in town
mom's bunny buns ready for me so good to
see you how to go full of secret sauce
you're ready to exploit one of the best
intros I'm good YouTube Video Vault I'm
welcome to our collab we love to make
content hey guys yes I'm here with a
dream onsen and we are gonna do the
burger challenge you get a mad at me cuz
I did the fry challenge and he literally
text me and said you're doing a fried
challenge without me I just said what
the fuck point that's all I said
that's tricky obviously is Wendy's
biggest fan I to meet you all of a
sudden I'm not hating on Wendy's after
the fry challenge so much so we're gonna
do the burger challenge we have six
different burgers for six different
restaurants
well restaurants I don't know if I
should call it that and they are about
two days old really yeah so we're gonna
blindfold ourselves eat it yes with four
days old cuz when they give them to you
they're about two days old
aha they're about five day leave on
Tuesday a week yeah okay so how we're
gonna do it because I only got one
burger for each is that we're going to
like share it oh okay it's their lettuce
okay cuz I prefer a drive I'm sorry
you're ready what I give you
okay ready take under fifty shades of
green oh wait why would you put your
glasses over it that word got you feelin
so crazy right now
ah what a million hahaha bond and they
won in a man I'm going on the bag and
then I like together oh we're both oh so
you're just grabbing okay yeah I guess
okay ready okay here we go
dude this one's a Big Daddy you can I
feel the shape first oh I won't say it
but you already know okay here we go
there's a lot of open look there's some
rapping oh there's Austin I just realize
we're gonna have to bite this disgusting
Goldberg where's your mouth here we go
oh yeah it's really good really cold I
feel like that was a Big Mac no Hey
first of all Big Mac has that middle
bread that was definitely not red in the
middle of had a team at its two all-beef
patties special sauce lettuce cheese
pickles onions on a sesame-seed bun and
it's bun meat bun meat bun is that so
from a commercial when you wrote when
you were kids that was my theme song
okay it was a big boy it was definitely
not like fast food it was like more of a
restaurant but I said you're being very
generous okay I'm gonna go Carl's jr.
I'm gonna say into no never I think I
think ended up because if there's a lot
of wrapping and it was half wrap which
I've never seen in a fast we gotta have
a half wrap you've got to have it half
wrapped or else that sauce gets out baby
okay are you ready all over your tits or
your face women ready let's see if I got
it right
ah oh I fucking won the bun does give it
away cuz they got a little crunch to it
a little crunch I get a little work on
ya see this shit I can't sorry baby
that's bad right it's not like a Bible
verse on the bottom of the bag just how
real yeah I support that cuz it
Christians all my balances don't support
you oh here this is gays or what fun no
oh let me kiss under it just to get them
back okay here we go next burger really
good at tying
eye ties I know okay okay this is full
round oh it's small feel it oh that is a
little thing I think this is McDonald's
cuz we don't sucks
poker burgers not the fries oh it does
feel like a mac oh yeah
see it feels like a children's toy okay
ready yeah that's the cheese yeah that's
the fees oh that's the cheese
that's a math favorite I don't even need
to see it throw it away even though I'm
a hundred percent saying that McDonald's
cuz that was gross and I could taste the
pickle the one pickle in the middle why
did they do that well the cheese was
plastic actual like the chemicals ready
1 2 3 oh I thought we were wrong for a
second really yeah what do you think it
was I thought well I only have a second
thing but I thought back up Carl's jr.
no Carl's jr. has seeds on about who I
want to give away my theories oh all
right bag Ron's video gonna be 2 minutes
long look we're going real quick baby
I'm getting out fuckin gonna man heart
bitch yeah okay here we go
oh this get to unwrap a little more okay
you're right you're right you're right
you're right well no he just gave it to
me unwrap I'm not supposed to pretend
yeah I'm just taking the bun off yo skin
get down and dirty the condom that's
gross okay it's right here yeah what the
fuck did you do to us took out the bun
why o healthy if you're not ready you're
not lettuce wrap oh but Ferb's want a
mother on it yeah
jack-in-the-box ah that's horrible I
hate it I'm gonna say Carl's jr. I never
had a cross on your burger but I feel
like that's what it'd be I keep thinking
Carl's jr. like it's all in my head I
feel girls molesta there or something
like why am I keep talking about it no I
was Melissa in across jr. really well
your mom is in most places yeah wait
what do you think I'm gonna say Jack and
box if that's a thing okay 1 2 3
check up off my ass babe Oh stretch me
baby you're killing it wow I can't
believe we got that or no wait we didn't
I did yeah you did you have a tree I'll
call of we we're so getting along in
this like we've never been so happy
together well it was ice cream we'd be
sucking each other my god I'm in you
let's do it unwrap it okay there's a
little bit of a clue on the top of this
oh oh okay I thought I hate that one but
I get thought why no this tastes like
shampoo this is rose why do they think
mustard is a good idea that's like flake
for the average burger won't evil
mustard on it that's like a secret menu
option no I hate that I want to go with
Burger King oh fuck yeah that's a Burger
King right
those little shitty like tiny pickles
they put on it I did I got a cab mm Oh
give it one two three ah we can get paid
for it well I don't know if we can get
paid for talking how much we hate all of
this put them on before you see what's
next
I hope this is the Baconator Baconator
the reason I moved to Los Angeles ah
this has nothing on it is like nothing
that's mine that's me baby maybe be make
it happen I don't know I'm gonna like my
dad's like this tastes like family
barbecue oh yeah no not a fan of that
tastes like nothing I'm gonna say IKEA
daddy
that nigga from Urban Outfitters an
American Apparel burger fast across jr.
because that's the one that we keep
saying okay um I'm gonna say Wendy's
them just to be fun but you made Wendy's
I don't want to say the same thing as
you all right ready 1 2 3
cause their weight tonight with Liz sir
mmm you know nice thanks for watching
good all right come on by my last one I
think a third person is supposed to be
here okay fine
if we ever make a friend maybe we can
right let's eat it together because I
gave Wendy's fries a good review
oh so we're just taking this off yet oh
okay very surprised about have fun with
this one
so let's see if this holds up I mean you
take your shirt off when did you do that
five minutes ago no no I love that just
like oh it doesn't even look good always
the best cuddle over I mean these are by
the way these are all cold all of them I
don't hate it it's not the word one or I
don't know who won but one of us worst
is always perfect um if you like Burger
King for anything but chicken fries
you're trash garbage I think the worse
with McDonald's a hundred percent
oh the internet was the best yeah but
that's just like a Cali boy thing to say
I have a number of flip-flops I've never
been I've been there I've never eaten
really
oh we should go I'm good my guys got a
burger jobs what are doing on your team
the soda challenge you guys to pursue
any one soda with your burgers for
Drew's channel check it out click
subscribe and do that see ya stop it if
we get you ten hundred thousand thumbs
up maybe we'll do the pizza jamming
maybe if you fucking support us you
fucking out you see doesn't watching
isn't enough you see the buttons that
support us yeah we have a donation link
my paypal is down there means down there
it's Gmail alright guys hope you enjoyed
it give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because we make new videos
every single day dancing in Miami I'm
one bad once a week oh fuck you guys
haha literally my life is waking up at 1
p.m.
try and make a video hating everything I
did so I tried to do it tomorrow then I
push it off to the next day then I try
to write my book then I decide to have
nothing to write so then I call GrubHub
and then I order a burrito from the down
the street and then when it comes to
take a bite and then I thrown away
because I'm scared of being obese again
on iTunes now
