hey it took me guys yes I'm here excited
because these are my favorite videos to
do I'm going to be watching youtubers
first videos they are hopefully going to
be amazingly bad uncomfortable and I am
going to feel the pain because my first
videos are fucking atrocious so let's
get started okay so last time you guys
left me some comments I want youtubers
watch next so I pulled those and now we
are going to do it first up I just Steve
I just dean has been around as long as I
have I love her
alright it's called the oatmeal project
yeah whoa look at her she was like a
porn star oh oh that crotch shot though
yeah you know what this was okay she was
like at work and she was like filming a
video and this is back when nobody knew
what YouTube was and they're like could
you'd like stop fucking doing this shit
she's like no no I swear to god it's
gonna be funny I promise it's for
YouTube and then she probably got fired
that shot that was a shot I do in high
school and I'm like damn I'm a filmmaker
I'm gonna put the camera in the fridge
and then when I open the fridge it's
like fuck you're the fridge looking at
me where's my Oscar
what did she literally just make you owe
me oh this is all business this is like
a fetish video I understand by the way I
used to think she was like a weird porn
fetish girl because there's this one
video she gonna be so mad for me oh
there's this one video I remember of
hers look at this shit you tell me what
yes oh my god hi what are you gonna do
what are you doing oh you're angry yeah
you're mad you're mad oh but you still
love me you still love me
ya know you're not gonna listen to me oh
you want me to pull your pigtails you
want me to pull ya what do you want me
to do what do you want me to do with
them Oh what are you up are you doing
what are you gonna do pop what you gonna
do with that what are you gonna do it
what do you hope oh oh oh my god oh my
god this is so uncomfortable
are you even now you leavin now oh don't
tease me don't tease me
oh no what no oh my god I love it I just
need
my next is my life is Eva literally my
face God if I made that song it would be
depressing fuck literally my life is
waking up at 1:00 p.m.
try and make a video hating everything I
did so I tried to do it tomorrow then I
push it off to the next day then I try
to write my book then I decide to have
nothing right so then I call GrubHub and
then I order a burrito from the down the
street and then when it comes I take a
bite and then I thrown away because I'm
scared of being obese again on iTunes
now all right her first video is a Black
Friday haul from two years ago oh my god
yes bitch bring the beat bring the
copyrighted beats that would get my
channel deleted but I'm not bitter oh my
god to not get in trouble for copyright
shit I can lower the pitch of the song
that is not pink literally a drag queen
from hell Oh fishes oh hi Eva that's a
bottle of booze bind her how old is she
I look like literally my life is I
literally looked disgusting my god the
self-hatred in her first video who is
this me let's get started I'm to
anthropology Macy's Bloomingdales
I've used the bathrooms in all of those
doors have I ever shopped there okay I'm
gonna Fester the mostly spent effort our
item was for no no so I got this foot
right here that's a great yeah girl that
looks like a board ours her style has
gotten so much better
cool a black belt on it maybe I don't
know much about fashion cuz all of this
stuff is hideous but oh my god what you
gonna say that looks good with this
looks good with an overdose and me
shaving my head that looked on a child
stars last day on earth shirts that's
cute
the Qod Johanna is nice little button in
a little flat tassel that's a big garlic
for me you want to see my flat tassel
hold on let me move my but there is
nothing more scary than this shot right
here just like the room of a gay serial
killer like just like clutter scary
there's like a trash bag here with an
arm in it there's like an empty
the booze this dead flowers there's
cords that lead to nowhere
there's the craziest gayest chair I've
ever seen just sitting alone in the
middle of the room blocking the door
don't come in I'm plotting yeah I can't
wait to see who she kills oh I love her
I actually genuinely love Eva or Ava I
call her even her name is ava
she's on my podcast and hmm I love that
she's so popular now and she's just so
sweet but that rooms a mess bitch
poor guys go that was me watching
youtubers today leave me down in the
comments more youtubers you want me to
watch and Dad also and that's it give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe at
any minute every single day and I will
see you tomorrow
honestly twinning is fuck
Oh somebody punched me the lips and take
away my dignity I'm a Jenner
