hello my name is Alexis cheese all and
welcome to bomb dot-com we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet there has been a lot of drama
surrounding family blog channel Sam and
Nia and no I'm not referring to the fact
that both of their names are three
letters long so therefore they're
probably in the Illuminati this is aside
from that there was recently a big viral
video where the husband Sam announced to
Nia the wife that she was pregnant the
video entitled husband shocks wife with
pregnancy announcement garnered over 15
million views so therefore a lot of
attention on the family on a potentially
unrelated note Ashley madison.com which
is a website where married people can
sign up to go have affairs so basically
like tinder for the married talk about
forbidden fruit so kind of like when you
sign up for Twitter Instagram or YouTube
you have to type your email address in
in order to make an account this website
also has that feature and a list of
these email signups for this website for
extramarital affairs was released to the
public and Sam's email just so happened
to be on this list this caused a little
bit of raucous so the husband or wife
duo then released in this video I did
make the account
I made the account two years ago I
brought this to my church at the time
when I first started the church that I'm
at now this has been brought to my
discipleship partner I've sought
forgiveness to God and he's forgiven me
so I've been completely cleansed of this
in the account was open out of pure
fleshly desires never had an affair with
anybody ever well I've been married with
me and ladies no wonder that is not even
it when it comes to this family
so throwback to the pregnancy
announcement a few weeks later the
couple announced that Nia had had a
miscarriage so while this is a super sad
and devastating thing there are rumors I
say only rumors who knows that the
entire pregnancy was faked for use so
let's fast forward a few weeks to
blogger fair which to my knowledge is
kind of a smaller VidCon more targeted
at family and daily vlog channels there
you go
there is an entire blog on there she
will dedicate this experience but Sam
and Ian were kicked out a vloggerfair
for causing some issues let's watch that
what we just got kicked out of lager
fair guys there was a couple of vloggers
family vloggers at that
we had our miscarriage and we posted a
comment on Twitter about being proud of
our unborn baby changing our lives and
making a huge difference in our lives
I'm retweeted it and said is jacked up
that I had said that another one liked
it so they pretty much teamed up and
we're bullying us is what it was oh my
umm so based on how talked about this
family has been I have come up a list of
various ways you too can become able
famous and well disliked family vlog
channel for starters a super easy way to
get a ton of use is to brutally injure
one of your children however what these
may be extraordinarily high there are
some serious cause meaning you could
turn into a convict and go to jail but
who cares about that if you can get that
gold YouTube play button am i right and
the next one you could smoke marijuana
crystal meth any sort of drug in front
of your children on camera you could
even go so far as to say you're taking a
very progressive parenting approach and
exposing them to various substances
before they get so old that they're
naive to the way the world works and you
could probably pull some serious views
out of it and the next one there was
always that one funky uncle who pops in
on family law channels on occasion and
kind of add some quirkiness and
silliness to whatever's occurring so for
attention get people to fall in love
with this porky silly uncle and then
kill him on you now instead of punishing
your kids with the timeout why not just
cut off chunks of their hair the parents
on the channel could argue to the point
where at the end of every video instead
of having an outro and ask for a thumbs
up they instead after on you to vote on
which side they take in the parent
argument great way to engage the
audience get more comments get people
involved in your life and finally a very
quick way to blow up your family blog
channel is every time you do a meet
agree or meet one of your viewers just
on the streets put them in the blog and
then once they're in the blog punch them
directly in the face
some people have merged t-shirts I have
bruised lips so much margin is
aggressive episode Obama didn't hit you
with their awesome internet shrapnel if
you enjoyed give it a thumbs up and you
should check out the latest video on my
channel there will be a link in the
description you can also follow me on
Twitter
snapchat it is adolescent she's all
normal feet links in the description
that took so many more syllables than I
thought it would question that I what do
you think of this family do you think
that they are full of or do you think
it's all genuine leave it in the
comments below I'll see you next Sunday
with a brand new episode a bomb calm so
good
