hi guys oh my god I know I'm being very
loud but trust me there's a reason and
the reason needs food I need to brush my
teeth
you know I know I'm shook - I'm so shook
I need a neck brace so today I am
surprising my friend drew now if you
know anything about drew it's a his
favorite thing in the entire world is
beets but he only goes to like the
cheapest places he gets like dollar
slices so I thought it'd be fun if I
found the most expensive pizza in LA and
I did so this pizza is $1,000 now at a
place called Spago which is like very
fancy very famous and I like I think
Lindsay Lohan died there once but
basically only the richest and the most
bougie people go there so we'll get
kicked out but we're still gonna try oh
no are you jealous I'm not giving you
$1,000 Pizza well don't worry I already
paid $1,000 to get your balls taken off
and I couldn't even eat them but I still
did good
we're like a cheap groceries and worth
pizza back in one sitting I can eat 500
pieces of pizza okay so we're about to
make up drew I'm so excited are you
excited for this event I'm very excited
do you know what kind of keeps it
they're gonna give us if it's that
expensive
no idea I hope they literally just like
put a pepperoni on the YouTube diamond
play button no I haven't revealed again
so I just talked to the woman that works
there she's really nice but she didn't
say there's a dress code and she's
wearing shorts she also has a few buzz
opinion yeah literally I called to ask
is this BuzzFeed and I said no think
poorer and and I'm sadder
so hopefully drew has some fancy clothes
and hopefully they just don't look at my
legs we're really not - grace time to be
going to a fancy Beverly Hills
no seriously every youtuber is a Tesla
and I have a really old Jeep that
actually has spit and shit on the
windows and a Starbucks cup with pee in
it I'm dehydrated makes sense cuz I'm so
thirsty no seriously I'm a fucking gross
I know okay first of all could I just
tell you I don't know if you do you know
your neighbors um kind of like I've
smiled waved a little so the woman who
lives right above you she saw me with
the camera and she goes a filmmaker so
many filmmakers here what does that mean
across the way they make shorts
Casey's here okay so first of all I
don't think I've ever shown your
apartment in my videos but this is
perfect because it for my apartment can
we show them the fact that you have your
own pizza restaurant in your house have
you ever used this like for pizza like
I've ever ordered a pizza and then have
the pizza delivery person come in here
and think you're crazy I've ordered a
lot of pizza and most of them don't
think I'm normal okay so trick here's
the thing I wanted to surprise you
okay so I know you love pizza I know
it's one of your favorite things but I
feel like you're not treating yourself
so I have found a place that has a
thousand dollar pizza I'm like I feel
like it won't be good for some reason
but I mean how good can beats again
sorry I actually have a feeling you're
not gonna like it I have a feeling
you're gonna be like can we go to Little
Caesars now here's the thing I don't
know if I'm gonna like either because I
heard a sneak peek of what's in it
anything
vegetable or fruit hmm I'm not gonna
give it away but I'm nervous but listen
I'm ready for the adventure and I wish
this video was sponsored yeah okay wait
we need to wear like fancy clothes I
don't really have any do you have
anything because we can do a target run
up we noticed the scent change as you
walk ooh this smells good I love that
you're watching crazy Jim Carrey hey Jim
there is no Joe
there is no mean Jim Carrey is gone
actually never existed um okay let's do
a little fashion show what do you guys
these are like wrinkly to the point
where it's like a joke like someone
wrinkled it for a wrinkle movie okay you
got some nice pants as they're also very
rigged yeah I don't know how it happens
I must push the wrinkle button on my
washer what is it wow that's actually
kind of cute that looks like you're
ready for pizza
$1,000 pizza please okay will you bring
the fancy clothes I need to figure out
what I'm gonna wear I'm nervous I've
never been to a fancy place like this
how serious is this place uh I think
it's pretty serious and I think there's
like a lot of celebs
um I'm sorry I saw something in your
French when I was getting water you
already have pizza oh yeah wait what is
that I'm making a pepperoni which is
better oh my god with me what about seat
weight there's three pieces and there's
three boys but one of them eats three
pieces every time okay so we're at
Starbucks we're pre-gaming and I feel
like we should ask like what's the most
expensive thing here I'm gonna ask if
they have $1,000 frappe I'm gonna go
broke okay so I asked for the most
expensive thing they had and she said
she was gonna custom make me a drink
it's $15 there's eight shots of espresso
in it making a 15 hour interview
and it's pumpkin spice okay here it is
eight shots of espresso I was something
else and it was like 15 bucks okay all
right I'm scared here we go
I'm okay
do do you want to try this have you been
a coffee uh make makes me diarrhea oh oh
my god it tastes like something I've
never had tastes like a whole garden
hype I'm gonna kool-aid man into this
fancy restaurant like it
my heart just murmurs actually is
murmuring she put some kind of like
pumpkin spice Flair me when I name
candles all right let's go Jim what do
you think about Liza Koshi
I don't think and she's not real oh yes
we are that really Hills I am so nervous
I have some clothes dresses clothes we
need to like find a gas station to
change into okay we couldn't find a gas
station or somewhere to change so we're
gonna do it in the car one two three
wait so how are we getting this are we
like closing our eyes oh no I'm
comfortable with my sexuality all right
we'll see you in a second we'll be all
fancy fancy boys okay I got my black
funeral outfit on cuz I'm gonna murder
my stomach what do you have oh just my
gay little sweater what do you got I'm
like so transparently t.j.maxx right now
I didn't mean transparent like the show
I'm really really nervous I've never
been to like a fancy fancy place like
this do you think it's okay that I'm
still wearing like mice
are those uh pants man I just love that
you put dress pants on and then your
stature oh yeah cuz I'm gonna have to
run out of there in the ballet I'm gonna
be so fancy oh wait you know us yes I do
we want as we watch you every Wednesday
oh wait every Wednesday do you think of
Liza have you ever had the food here
excellent is it good we're not fancy
people so we don't know how to do this
no no you bet you guys are great okay
okay
my shoes are okay yes okay good okay
okay we're now allowed to film inside so
I'm gonna be rifle
my god this is too fancy
I feel sorta place okay guys we're
inside okay do you want hi I'm Kyle
alone so you work here you hook this
whole thing up I'm so excited and you
said that the Shepherd especially make
this yes it's gonna take 20 grams of
truffles and lobster just to make it
that expect ordered this before never
wait can we call it like that stood a
shit about the Shane Dawson pizza like
the most expensive thing that's ever
been on this paper oh my god alright
let's do this emcee oh you'd like a
fancy like bathroom picture get in there
little couch big picture of people who
are way more famous than us and I just
handed her my credit card and it's a
thousand I'm gonna need a brand deal can
you help me on that yeah I'm calling
quit right now
that means drew bitterly a sphere is the
linemen exactly what's in the line
like what would that be be better price
for a glass of wine
okay Colquitt brought us these for free
I think turn a Tartar want to try it not
really I'll spit it out
it smells like an expensive pussy I
think I like it
okay wait you came back over you said
the pizza is being made what's being
fired we would have fired me he's firing
so oh no no no fired me place when you
put it in the oven okay chef tattoo he's
like right beneath like Wolfgang Puck
he's making it himself so it's amazing I
can't wait oh my god I'm excited
what are we gonna do if we don't like it
well it's gonna be an issue if you like
we can slice it for you or I can leave
it and you can be in control about yours
those are white truffles from Italy can
you please cook wait I'm not kidding
Caroline in
okay yes taking you to find other
lighting what is happen
but then you brought me in here so I
could get a really good shot of this
so nobody's ever ordered this report
okay they're going to slice it for us
I'm scared I hate mushrooms I hate
mushrooms too like I physically cannot
eat mushrooms but I actually like
truffle what are truffles I only know
truffle butter from Nicki Minaj do you
know what I mean it's like when your
fucking ass alright here we go
hi so this is different than Taco Bell
right I like pizza hot elevated okay
enjoy oh my god wait I think we should
all do this together it smells very
fishy I'm gonna feel very guilty if I
don't like that thousand dollar pizza I
think it smells good it kind of smells
like Domino's way I'm scared I thought
about speaking the vegetables off but I
realized I'm 22 now you thought about
picking off what makes it expensive
you're like I'm gonna take off the
truffle and the lobster should we eat it
with a fork good knife how's it you
fancy that's too elevated my dream of
horses
would you like it he does yeah okay you
try it will get full reviews in a second
berry bush is bouche okay that's really
good I didn't really get a trouble good
that's fucking good that's fucking good
I am shocked but I like that I was very
nervous because I'm not a fancy queen
but that's really good okay so give like
an in-depth review pretend like we're on
BuzzFeed
okay so the sense an aroma are really
pulling all of this together form an
important no but it is very dense and it
all has almost too much flavor okay me
know this is really really good I'm
really surprised I really like it and I
really really need you to seriously give
me a break are you serious give us an
honest review okay it's amazing it's
good right oh my god she's so expensive
yeah I'd like this taste like my car
payment with insurance together this
tastes like my rent
I know right okay so we just finished
our dinner we're back with our best
friend and you said you like conspiracy
theories yes what's your favorite one
wow it's a lot about the government
reptiles that yes and this bookie wants
out you know the ghost stories also we a
lot of Illuminati yes I somebody came
here a couple come out uh-huh and they
was talking I was close the lady said
that to the right
welcome truly Illuminati
wait what oh my god I have the chills
okay well don't die that's right well
back at pizza Drew's listen fancy stuff
is exciting I love money
I love famous people good I'm gonna keep
it real I'm more of a old cold pizza
kind of bitch
andrew is really bringing it tonight I'm
the pile of grease okay I'm really
excited because we were kind of joking
but kind of serious about the fact that
I really needed a sponsor for this video
because that pizza was too expensive and
guess what we got a sponsor Quinn first
of all Quaid thank you so much for
sponsoring this video I never get
sponsorship so this means a lot to me
and also thank you for paying for my
thousand dollar pizza so I'm sure you
guys already know what quit is because
as so many youtubers have talked about
them including Daniel broccoli basically
it's an app where you can download cards
and little emojis and little stickers of
me and my pets and you can send them to
your friends and scare them so it's kind
of like bitmoji but better that's right
I'm coming for you the emoji so if you
go on quit and you go inside of the
store and you see the collabs tab click
on it and you'll see all of my little no
G's but if you don't want to send your
friends my face then they also have a
whole bunch of other stickers of
different cards if your favorite movies
and TV shows and other classics so
basically you can click on them and drag
them into your text conversations with
your friends and then you can also
create your profile and share all your
favorite stickers on it and make friends
so I'll have to link at the top of
description below go click on it get
quit it's free right yeah yeah it's free
so you can go download it and get all my
stickers and really spice up those group
messages wait what's my quit picture
gonna be like my little sticker should I
post bring it back should be me with the
cold pizza yeah wait for like what's
like a response like you would send us
your friends because they said why just
quitting bitch I'm gonna go eat my
feelings wait maybe like a multitasking
like yeah this is my Thank You quid for
a breakfast emoji I barely touched it so
you can eat it later I actually well
alright guys go hopefully you enjoy the
video of us eating a thousand-dollar
pizza and just like hanging out just
being boys so guys make sure to go over
their channels drew has a new video
where he does a department store Rylan
has a new video where he does something
gay I don't know I make sure to go check
out quit link down there I don't know
I'm excited nobody responses me this is
exciting and we're just gonna continue
our meal at Pizza Drew's see you guys
next time but can you just do like why
oh my god like ah yeah oh that's good
that's good
you
