hey hubby guys yes I have one question
that I ask myself every single day why
and then I have another question which
is now seriously why
like what's the point and then my third
question is what Jen our sister am I
I mean honestly sometimes I'm such a
Kendall but then like sometimes I'm
totally acai Lee and then honestly I'm
always agate with so I don't really know
so I decided to take the quiz all right
here we go
first things first who do you want to be
best friends with Pia Mia who Haley
Baldwin WAP GG how rude that's not a
name Justin Bieber I can't even deal
with that
uber drivers you think I want Justin
driving me around although I do love
peeing and random objects and I feel
like me and him can have a competition
because he could be like oh I want to
pee in this bucket that I could be like
bitch I've already peed in that bucket I
peed in that Cup I pee in that diet
cocaine and I pee in your closet I used
to pee in the closet so weird no not I
used to be in the closet but I used to
pee in the closet it's complicated Tyga
what hey Tyga I got like three of them
on me right now
ooh or Jaden Smith oh my god whoo that's
hard I'm gonna go with Jaden Smith
because he has like really crazy tweets
and I really love being friends with
people who have crazy tweets Trish drew
Steve I mean they all should be blocked
who would you rather have a cuddle with
wait what a dog in a towel or a dog in a
purse first of all that dog in the towel
looks like he is dying like they are
choking him to death look his tongue as
I like am buried and then dog in the
purse oh god he looks miserable neither
I want to save both of them okay I'm
gonna go the dog in the towel which pair
of shredded jeans do you prefer well
I've had to shred my dreams recently
because I can't wear full jeans because
of my leg cast so my shredding is not
from fashion it is from sadness and
necessity I also have a lot of shreds in
my crotch but that's because I buy jeans
that are skinny jeans and I'm not skinny
so when I walk they shred I'm gonna go
with the one on the left because I feel
like I could wear my cast with that the
one on the right there's a shred that's
very close to my balls and I might not
have a lot of hotdogs but I got a lot of
beans and I don't need the beads fly now
you're going on a date and you want to
look fancy wait first of all why are
they kissing can we can we talk about
that for a minute
and why do they have toilet paper of
their hair there's a lot of questions a
really nice pair of shoes that goes with
anything super skinny jeans and a
strappy top probably a set of coal
words that's dark definitely address
always mm probably a set of chords cuz
I'm insinuating that means you're gonna
wrap the cord around your neck and choke
yourself to death which is what I would
do house again what Kardashian quote
best describe your attitude toward life
it's always the people that you know
that least about want to judge you the
most everyone is beautiful in their own
way yeah I like on that quotes actually
nice with the way she says it II know
don't judge someone's attitude until you
felt their pain never change for anyone
or lose who you truly are
they're all bullshit please which
inspirational Instagram quote might you
post none of them I hate when people do
that Oh tomorrow's a new day
no let your love flow no I've always
loved the idea of not being what didn't
know what if I fall oh but darling what
if you fly oh god I ate it all it's
gonna randomly choose one right done
which gender sister my oh my god it's
calculating something I've never done
I'm Kylee you're so edgy you're happy to
push the boundaries and trying new
things
and can usually be found chillin with
your squad honestly
twinning is fuck
Oh somebody punched me the lips and take
away my dignity I'm a Jenner let's go
that's a Jenner sister I am what Jenner
sister do you think you are leave it
down in the comments I'll take this
video a thumbs up and subscribe gives me
new news
I don't see you guys tomorrow bye
okay oh my god
the girl the girl just did a matrix I
don't know if I could do that with my
leg hold on oh no
