if you want to be positive to your body
workout be it well that's being positive
to your but I don't think you should be
talking about what's positive for your
body you look like you've been laying in
my tanning bed for ten hours you fried
chicken haha don't worry Ben chickens
healthy that's if you guys yes I have
six bags of fries from different
restaurants oh that's exactly like
childhood actually no this is nothing
like childhood I wish this is what my
childhood was like my mom would never
take me through six different drivers do
anything with you one she made me walk
in you know for the exercise anyways hey
what's up you guys yes today we're going
to be doing the French fry challenge so
basically I'm going to blindfold myself
try fries and try to figure out which
one is which now this is going to be
hard for me because number one I haven't
been to half of these places number two
I can't eat fries without ketchup so to
me they're all just gonna taste like
feet and number three I have ketchup in
the fridge so after the challenge is
over I'm probably to eat all these
prawns and that is not good for my
ankles which are already swollen let's
get started all right so first I'm gonna
blindfold myself so depressing when you
do this alone
oh yeah you like that Oh tell me if it's
too tight let's think of a safe word
Taco Bell that's our safe word cuz it's
not here right now okay
so I'm gonna grab a bag I don't know
which one is which here we go see it
interesting the value smells like
nothing ooh these are very cold okay oh
they're very wet okay they literally
have no smell oh I know it hmm they
taste like instant mashed potatoes which
is not good oh it's very familiar oh
they're imagine going somewhere that I
didn't want to go but we had to go there
because the other place was closed its
jack-in-the-box yes I was right the
flavor is not good this was like the
backup to the backup to the backup to
the backup but if they want to sponsor
me it is my favorite I assert again oh I
love this fixing them all around all
right here we go
oh I know this one I'm so excited oh
yeah I already know it just from the
shape of the motherfucking container
wait what
ah I was wrong oh it's like when you
think you're about to take a sip of like
Diet Coke and it's milk so it's like
when tiger goes to fuck Kylie Jenner
that she replaces it with Kris move
I thought it was going to be McDonald's
by the shape but I don't even know it's
terrible I'm just gonna say Wendy's cuz
I've never had Wendy's and I'm assuming
Wendy's is terrible because Drew loves
it he has no taste
Oh Carl's jr. mmm yeah no it's not good
not good at all it says eat it like you
mean it well I don't mean to be rude but
trash all right let's do it again
okay okay
they all just smell like vomit so that's
not helping Oh interesting
okay comes in a little baggie oh the
fuck why is it grant - is this a trick
or these O'Reilly's remember those
frozen SR Riley's and mom would be like
lunch french fries you're like fuck him
always go to McDonald's and then she's
like no no frozen french fries go fuck
yourself
liar ah ah guys horrible that is
horrible who would eat that what the
fuck okay I'm just gonna get here I'm a
same Wendy's again I hate to be an
asshole but I I'm less than Wendy's
Oh tell taco his fries that's the first
mistake do you go to a Mexican
restaurant and they also have Burgers
and Fries you need get the fuck out of
there Oh made to order fresh are you
kidding me Yeah right mom I know that
trick that was horrible who would do
that to themselves I don't know I mean I
don't like myself but I would never
dream or alright oh okay once again
they're about to McDonald's cuz of the
frying container but doesn't let me down
oh thank you hahaha wait you know what
it's not that bad it ain't good for our
fumes at the Courtney that's not that
bad you know it's too thick and it's
very wet and my stomach is rejecting it
but I don't hate it is that weird
interesting okay it's not McDonald's for
sure I think all that's left is
McDonald's Burger King and Wendy's so
I'm going to look Burger King because I
can't imagine Wendy's tasting good God
right
okay I got one all right never eating
there again okay no terrible now this is
going to be the easiest thing ever
because let's be honest McDonald's is
the shit
okay smells familiar
oh you know you know you know what I'd
like that's not their theme song I just
made it up what is her thief oh god I'm
da da da I fuck it that is obviously
McDonald's because it's the shit it
tastes amazing it's salty perfect -
Altimas perfect amount of crunch perfect
amount of softness perfect amount of
texture just everything about it is
perfect and by the way this is not
hashtag spots
this is hashtag know promo just fatty
love you Ronald
the fuck you know that moment in the
sixth sense when you find out that Bruce
Willis has been dead the whole time and
then your brain starts fucking with you
and then your brain start questioning
everything that you've seen in that
movie so far my brain is questioning
everything I've done in life so far why
have I ignored Wendy's why have I said
it was disgusting why have I called the
Wendy's girls stupid as dumb as
fire-crotch bitch who's not even related
to Ronald McDonald she's trying to with
her red ass hair but she ain't it's dyed
this little bitch comes around and she
got me fucked up wow I was a twist
ending if I've ever seen one I'm
confused I need a minute to process this
and I will see you guys tomorrow make
sure again 7 ultimate subscribe and make
it another day
and I'll see you fight a lot of people
remember Betty White dying like 10 years
ago
I mean Betty's probably like wait what
she's still working but a lot of people
remember that
