hey what's up you guys really quick
before today's video starts I just want
to let you know that there is a brand
new podcast up right now we interviewed
at Daniel Franzese who you know from
Mean Girls he played Damien who is my
spirit animal and it was really really
funny we played games we talked about
Lindsay Lohan we talked about Mean Girls
all these cool behind-the-scenes stories
so go check it out I will put the link
down there it is on iTunes if you just
search Shane & Friends podcast it's also
soundcloud.com slash Shane and Friends
I enjoy the video hi hey what's up you
guys yes the scary music means one thing
it is time for us to talk about
conspiracy theories now I haven't done
one of these in a while
mainly because I just haven't really
encountered anything that kind of blew
my mind until now I was assigned to
Jenna marble and Julian's podcast and
they started talking about the
Berenstein bears theory and I'll get
into that in a minute but it literally
opened up my brain well it literally
destroyed my brain threw it on the walls
and lit it on fire so first I'm going to
start with the Mandela effect
now obviously Nelson Mandela is a big
historical figure but his name is part
of a conspiracy theory called the
Mandela effect which basically means we
all remember something that is not real
like we all remember certain thing about
the past or certain event or certain
whatever and for some reason it didn't
happen or didn't happen the way we
remember one theory for this is parallel
universes but I'll get into that in a
minute let me give you an example first
of all the Berenstein bears
now obviously the Berenstein bears were
really fun a book series when you were
kid I know I read all of them and I was
a huge Fame and it's always been the
Berenstein bears to me you know ien at
the end of the Berenstain that's what I
saw
and then I found out that no no all
these years it's been Berenstain Bears
that's bullshit are you kidding me
I was their biggest fan I was like a
barrel holic and the fact that it was
Berenstain and for some reason my whole
life I thought it was Berenstein means
that there's something wrong here and
this is something that everybody I have
talked to in my life remembers as
Berenstein so one thing that a lot of
conspiracy theorists say is that at some
point in the past like 20 years our
universe went into a parallel universe
and little things
changed but we still remember the things
from our other universe so like in our
other universe it was Berenstein bears
but then something switched and it all
changed kind of like when you watch one
of those time-travel movies and EV
somebody goes back in time and like
kills a butterfly and then a hundred
years later there's no butterflies
anywhere and everybody's like were those
things called do you remember like
butterflies no those never existed weird
just like that except with bears and
their cartoons I don't know but this
isn't the only thing that people are
calling a Mandela effect I'm going to
give you a list of a few of them that
freaked me the fuck out this woman do
you know her name I've always called her
Barbara Streisand
no no no her name has always been
Barbara who the fuck spells her name
like that that's not a thing
no offense although Barbara's out there
it probably is a thang but for Barbra
Streisand she's always been Barbra
Streisand to all of us and now for some
reason they're trying to tell me that
her name has always been Barbra Mandela
effect one fun thing is that the word
definitely is the most misspelled word
in the whole fucking English language
and I spell it wrong every single time
in a text message and it always has to
change it - some people are saying well
maybe the other universe definitely was
spelled that way and that's how we all
remember it or we all just suck at
spelling now a lot of people also
remember celebrities dying but they're
still around for example Henry Winkler
from Happy Days people remember him
dying during the filming of the show a
lot of people remember that a lot of
people remember Betty White dying like
10 years ago
I mean Betty's probably like way look
she's still working but a lot of people
remember that I'm sure some people
remember me dying I'm surprised I'm not
32 I'm close but I'm not dead now you
all remember that movie from years ago
where Tom Cruise played a vampire and
the movie as we all fought was called
interview with a vampire turns out no
it's been interview with the vampire the
whole time even when you google it the
interview with a vampire comes up first
so obviously we all remember it is that
title similar to Sex in the City
Oh what was that Sex in the City no it's
Sex and the City what the fuck and I
know a lot of people like well that
could just be something that people just
kind of mistakenly said but how come all
of us is missing
I said it and those are two very popular
things Sex in the City was on for like a
billion years and we all call it Sex in
the City
another example is that everybody
remembers the scene from Star Wars where
he said Luke I am your father it's like
the most quoted scene of all time about
to blow your asses mind
obi-wan never told you what happened
your father he told me enough people
video killed no I am your father
what hello are you kidding me literally
Luke I am your father that is on shirts
people walk around and go I was actually
really good but this whole time has been
no I am your father how did we all fuck
that up here low universe now one that
really freaked me out was Mister Rogers
because I love mr. Rogers as a kid we
all know the song it's a beautiful day
in the neighborhood a beautiful day in
the neighborhood we all know that song
it's kind of creepy to think about me
singing that right now for some reason
as a 27 year old whatever turns out
we've been wrong the whole time it's a
beautiful day in this neighborhood
beautiful day yeah it's a beautiful day
in this neighborhood I've never seen it
like that I've never heard anybody sing
like that my mom used to singing that
song every day and she never sang like
that so how can we all remember it as
the neighborhood now listen I know a lot
of those are stupid and a lot of people
could be like oh come on it's just
people fucking up words which might be
true there's a lot that kind of makes
sense to me I mean the whole theory of
parallel universe is an old theory of
you know well it's not even a theory
black holes exist all of these things
like the universe is so huge there's so
many planets so many galaxies the fact
that like our planet our universe could
have went through a black hole could
have got shifted off of its path that
could have happened think about it what
if in some other universe Shane Dawson
was funny so I'm gonna keep searching
for more Mandella effects because
they're really fun for me they freak me
the fuck out I love to text friends and
family and be like send them like a
picture of Barbra Streisand be like hey
what's her name and then the write-back
Barbra and I'll be like no bitch Mandela
effect try it with your friends it's
really fun and leave me some comments
down below tell me what you think do you
think this is bullshit do you think it's
real did you agree with any of mine have
you always called it Berenstein have you
always called it sexy
the city let me know also give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe may
convince every single day and I will see
you conspiracy theorists tomorrow bye he
controlled his gags and still loved it
all I'm gonna call Phil exclaimed and
then he exploded it's out of dance now
the substance went right down danced
throat the substance Oh what does that
mean
