hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet a weird kind of hypocritical
internet video entitled dear fat people
has been positively sweeping the
cyberspace but in a negative way they
forgot to tell you that plus-sized
stands for plus heart disease plus meat
problems plus diabetes plus your family
and friends crying but they lost you too
soon because you needed to have a coke
plus fries overall I feel like the video
was blown a bit on Porsha so I watched a
few other Nicole arbors videos and it
seems obvious that she as a person is
just bitter and me so the video dear fat
people doesn't seem like a far reach for
her as youtubers would say this letter
to the obese was on brand AF so in order
to help out Nicole budding YouTube
career I've come up with a list of other
videos she can also make that would be
on brand I hope you enjoy them kind of
you're probably already offended by the
title of this video but yes this is
reasons ain't all paint lawyers should
follow me back on Twitter you're
probably already offended by the title
of this video I'm gonna be talking about
why misusing prescription drugs might be
for you first reason you probably suck
but not as much dick as I do I'm a
comedian so I can reason really doesn't
love you and now I'm not projecting
third reason
I really want this video to get views so
something racist inserted here you're
probably already offended but entitle
this video but I'm gonna be talking
about why you should never leave your
house ever again
spoiler alert it's because you're ugly
and fat and black this video of 10
reasons you should never talk again
spoiler alert it's because you're Asian
and a man and/or a woman you're probably
already offended by the titleist video
but it's why you should commit suicide
spoiler alert your family doesn't love
you I'm not projecting I'm a comedian
probably already offended by the
titleist video but this is why
prostitution is not for you spoiler is
because you're ugly and fat and black
and Asian I don't like to discriminate
my discrimination you're probably
already offended by the title of this
video but it's why I'm funny I actually
didn't write anything for this video I
tried I just couldn't think of anything
honestly the main thing that bothered me
about dear fat people is that Nicole
isn't very good at talking on camera so
a note for you Nicole as you continue
down this path of wipey success is to
actually take a breath and before you
start a sentence that way you don't
sound like the out of breath overweight
people that you're making fun of also if
the real basis of dear fat people is
that stereotypes are funny sometime in
the future um obviously you've got some
work to do in the meantime you should
make a video that's funny so we can
actually like see what you're talking
about
cuz kind of all you've done so far is to
make videos where you're yelling and
you're using your cameras lighting
autofocus feature because like people
would be less offended by this video if
it was good
to inspire yep assertive Bob calm
hopefully didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you enjoyed
this episode give it a thumbs up and
check out the latest video over on my
channel there will be a link in the
description question of the day since
there is currently no comment section
over on the dear fat people video
because nicole has taken that down what
did you think of the video were you
offended did you think it was medium
leave a comment on this one and let me
know no good I'll see you guys next
Sunday with a random episode of Bob calm
