hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is Esther
II I've actually never smoked a
cigarette in my life yeah I just never
thought it was an appealing idea to have
an unhealthy addiction to something
that'll make me eventually sound like
this hey there sugar tip wanna touch my
smoke hole
ya know thing so this is what the fuck
news we talked about the really weird
news that you might've missed in the
last week and the first thing that I
want to talk about today is baby chances
are you've either seen a baby have a
baby or like me have practiced making
babies but when it comes to babies
themselves they're met with a ton of
different opinion most people think the
babies are adorable but I for one think
that babies are demonic hell spawn like
creatures that'll never stop crying
shitting themselves and staring at you
what do you want baby the one thing I'm
sure we can all agree on is that babies
do not belong in fight clothes no you're
right they do well apparently a couple
workers at a daycare New Jersey did not
share our same opinion when they were
arrested last week for organizing a
Fight Club for babies and toddlers the
two workers 22 year old ere at the Kenny
and 28 year old Shanice white fairly
force kids at the daycare ages 4 to 6 to
fight each other while they filmed it
and put it on snapchat also in the
videos of the police confiscated the two
can be heard constantly quoting the
movie Fight Club while cheering on the
kids fighting and obviously I'm just
guessing here but I'm just gonna assume
that they watched the movie Fight Club
maybe the day before and thought this is
a good idea but even though the first
two rules of Fight Club is to not tell
anyone about Fight Club of course the
kids are gonna tell their parents
anyways the two have been sent to jail
for endangering the welfare of children
and luckily none of the kids were
seriously injured that's what the fuck
news just when you thought the sex toys
couldn't get any weirder with the
creation of these working but that came
out last month that is a literal
vibrating but for you to put your penis
in a list was compiled of the weirdest
sex toys in existence and holy shit or
your fetish is gonna seem normal after
this in the top five we have number five
on the list with horror movie
flashlights ever wanted to fuck a female
zombie what about one of those Navi
creatures from Avatar no well thanks to
horror movie freaks in their line of
movie inspired flashlights now you can
but ladies don't feel too left out
because they also make the monster
inspired sex toys for girls as well you
know just in case you ever wanted a
graphically decomposing zombie dick
inside of you I know I do
four on the list remember that time that
you watched the movie it with the
terrifying fucking clown and thought to
yourself and I want that thing in my
vagina
that's right someone actually made a
clown of vibrator because nothing gets
you in the mood more than a sad face
clown itching towards your lady parts
with a loud buzzing noise next on the
list is this beauty the importable glory
hole may be like sticking your dick
through doors or maybe you're going on a
road trip and have the insanely pressing
her to be a giant creep whatever your
motive is apparently the portable glory
hole can be assembled in just a few
minutes I push it with this one is where
are you just gonna set up a fake door
this isn't the Looney Tunes you know you
can't just set up a fake door in the
middle of nowhere especially one with a
penis sticking out of it I don't know
number two on the list if you find
normal vibrators just a bit too obvious
maybe you want to play with yourself at
a library or Starbucks or some shit now
instead of normal vibrators you can
discreetly rub up against a teddy bear
vibrator instead it even comes with a
cute little tongue so you can ride that
teddy bears face oh so cute like I'm
knows do ologist but I'm pretty sure
this teddy bear looks like it wants to
fucking kill itself and bodily number
one enlist and probably the weirdest one
of them all is the area 51 love doll I
don't know who this was made for but
whoever it was man you got some fucking
issues like I'm trying not to be
judgmental but who wants to see this
face while you're pleasuring yourself
let's read the box shall we the aliens
are coming it also comes with three
out-of-this-world love holes as well as
free alien Lube and three succulent
alien tits also it's currently
unavailable on Amazon so I don't know if
that means that too many people bought
it but I really hope not then one with
the bad news a Mexican man was in the
news earlier this week after it was
found to have the world's biggest penis
I should say second-biggest let's not
forget about me you're telling me your
penis is 19 inches long it might be a
little bit smaller than that that's what
I thought it's still pretty big don't
want to see it or ever we don't show
your penis size on someone else's
Channel yeah you're right I'll do it on
mine dick jokes aside yes you heard
right the world's biggest penis belongs
to Roberto Esquivel Cabrera it measures
a whopping 19 inches what am i even
reporting on anymore okay mom nothing
just watching Nestor
potm is a guy with a 19 inch penis I'm
grounded no way sorry if that happens to
you according to doctors no Roberto's
penis isn't exactly all what it seems in
that 13 inches of it is actually just
excess skin which is made Roberto want
to consider getting penis reduction
surgery reduction surgery why would you
want that you know speaking of someone
who also has a gigantic dick I know it
can be difficult to time but you're
telling me you have the biggest dick in
the world and you're not going to
exploit that even a little bit you can
get away with anything sir do you know
how fast you were going
I have a 19 inch penis oh my god I'm so
sorry sir I didn't know it was you go
ahead hey are you trying to steal that
bag of bread I have a 19 inch penis I'm
so sorry carry on Olson reportedly
Roberto has lost job because of his
member and can no longer go to church
because his dick is too long to kneel
dude are funny if Ollie was explaining
to your pastor why you can't kneel kneel
before God my son let him hear your
prayer I can't my dick is too big
please leave my church okay anyways best
of luck to Roberto and his giant member
and if he does end up getting reduction
surgery step aside
Guinness Book here I come please stop
that is it for this episode of what the
fuck news my question of the day for you
crazy motherfuckers is which of the five
sex toys would you maybe consider using
none of them isn't an option all of them
is believe your answers in the comments
down below all of the day's stories as
always in the description down below as
well as all of my links before you guys
go make sure to check out my newest
video in my channel where I talk about
my favorite things from August so a lot
of you guys know that I really don't
listen to a lot of normal music ya know
like once I actually caught myself
listen to the Native American ritual
chanting music on my iPod I have no idea
how it got there but I was like
let's be honest I was more like that
being said I will see you next time for
another one to fuck news thanks for
watching and fair with
