I can't wait to put it in my hair to be
guys now I know the first thing you
think of when you look at me is damn
does he do porn and by do you mean watch
it at 3m with the Ted phones on so his
neighbors don't thing he's fisting
anybody which in that case oh I'm a porn
star but I thought it'd be fun to take a
quiz to see what porn star am i all
right here we go
which porn star are you I'm a beach I'm
huge I'm wet and people love to play me
do you like to swim god that's
complicated if you were allowed to swim
with all your clothes on and shoes and
yes uh it's the weekend time to sit back
and relax how do you spend your weekend
with friends at the bar with family
outdoors
where's Souplantation which I'm raising
I don't see that uh outdoors are you
fucking kidding me
no look at this skin you want this skin
to see the Sun do you want to know it's
gonna happen when this can see the Sun
well I probably actually have some color
on me something that'd be good with
family when I was younger he's just been
every weekend with my mom
and we would listen movies we go out to
dinner and I buy her flowers and buy her
chocolate and I get her a little bit
drunk we go back home I should stop
talking at the bar
I hate loud noises so obviously I'm not
a screamer I'll go with friends oh my
god that's so many movies when Shana mio
I'm normally I'm the scariest movie you
got insidious Lori what element
describes you copper
is that with toilets made up like you
shit into copper I want platinum no
silver what gold
I wish honestly like I'm going with
silver because feel like platinum is
like so cool and gold is like so classy
silver is like fork what genre music am
i pop hip-hop rock and roll are
alternative alternative is another way
for saying ugly you know she has an
alternative look no you're calling her
ugly you're an asshole I'm gonna go with
pop what spirit animal are you oh god
shark maybe because he eats everything
rabbit no those fucking teeth are you
kidding me fuck you for thinking I'm a
rabbit tiger I wish frog probably but if
you kiss a frog it might turn into a
prince or you'll get really high ended
up in the emergency room in have to get
your stomach pumped
either way it's me I'm gonna shark no
I'm going to attacker oh that's hard
okay tiger how often are you on the
Internet I know everybody thinks that my
whole life is the fucking Internet but
it's not I go on it to look at Twitter
for a minute
fucking Instagram format and that I'm
doubt so probably less than three hours
a day at a party are you passing out
early drunk all night Danny against the
wall or dancing with strangers dancing
with strangers no my biggest fear is a
wedding with a fucking dance circle and
a fucking conga line and they're fucking
lifting people up on chairs and they're
going do a lot of weird weddings so no
standing against a wall probably
drinking all night
I mean Diet Coke though eating all night
where's a pass out early no I guess so
going drinking all night where would you
like to live Europe mmm everybody's too
good-looking to feel uncomfortable
United States hmm I fit in here Mexico
honestly I kind of fit in there I've
been to my meetups and my demo is Mexico
Russia whoo no offense to Russia by the
WHO all serial killers and movies are
from Russia so I kind of fit in there
I'll go with unites dude lastly which
body part do you like most wait on me or
on wait what my body or her body or his
body his dick is bigger than mine I'll
say booty no legs no booty no back what
who says back okay baby here we go Who
am I woo-wee he's one had sex with
Farrah Abraham it all makes sense you
are James Dean you rather be on dry land
you'd like to hang out with your friends
and watch horror movies you wear modest
silver jewellery
he wears jewelry Oh God your spirit
animal is a shark you spend less than
three hours a day on the internet and
like drink all night of parties you live
in Europe and one day okay this picked
everything I did work it's like you're a
shark a pig tiger you like rock and roll
I pick pop you live in Europe I did not
pick that so I don't know how accurate
this is but I'll take it
let's go that was what porn star I am
I'm James Dean the guy who fucked a
Lindsay Lohan fair Abraham and should
probably get checked let me comment down
below telling me what porn star you
actually know that makes those kids if
you knew names and porn stars that's
that's scary okay I got one question of
the day at a party what are you more
likely to do pass out early drink all
night or turn on Apple TV and hate watch
all the terrible YouTube videos you
could find leave it down below aren't
you guys happy if anything with me out
my name with you making any other than a
thumbs up in some stuff I mean if it is
a busy day and I'm gonna go figure out
my hair cuz it is wrong bye let's really
honestly try I'm not gonna like freak
out I'm just gonna try it right here we
go
do your that mouth pump that was drag
queen realness
