yes so just like what the fuck it's
after they were always since they
conceded already helping each other oh
my god what the fuck is happening hey
let's have you guys yes it is that time
again for me to try some weird crazy
food and hopefully Boop it out cuz let's
be honest no matter how crazy the food
is or how much I don't like it or how
much it doesn't agree with me
it all comes out the same and that's a
lesson for life if you're having a
problem with a friend or family member
somebody who just doesn't get you well
eat it shit him out and then flush him
down the toilet and never think about
those motherfuckers again
i'ma sociopath
let's get to eating so today I'm gonna
be doing astronaut food I am scared of
this mainly because I just don't like
space I don't like the idea of it I
don't like the fact that like time
changes like when you go out there you
could be gone for like 45 years and then
when you come back everybody's like
older you're like mom and she's dead I
don't like the chat to sleep standing up
with like belt wrapped around you and
let's be honest I mean how do you you
know where does that go you can't just
do that and then your neighbor is
sleeping standing up and then she wakes
up and she's like oh actually that
sounds great now I love space number one
this is mint chocolate chip ice cream Oh
freeze dried ready to eat just like mom
used to make so basically the way it
works is it says that it reduces the
food weight by 90 percent by removing
all of the water this sounds like a
juice cleanse and I am down all right
here we go it has literally no smell
nothing which makes me kind of excited
cuz I'm like you know what maybe it'll
have no taste and then you know I won't
vomit Cheers oh oh okay wait what what
okay all right hold on I don't think
it's see this it's a little square this
is what I imagine breast milk tasting
like it's like sweet and milky but dry
and sad cuz mom is tired her nipples
were raw huh kind of tastes like a couch
don't act like you have tried that you
know you saw the episode of strange
addictions where that bitch was eating
her couch and you were like
bitches out is something guess I thought
that all right I don't hate this I mean
I hate it I don't like it but I don't
hate it interesting and one of you added
water to it if it would make ice cream
oh I wish water was ice cream oh did you
ever have those gang dreams in school
when like you go to the water fountain
and you'd be like huh what if it was
ranch now just make ice cream sandwich I
love ice cream sandwiches so much but
don't you give me that fucking soy one I
know it's all you're not fooling anybody
vegans now honestly things just like the
real thing you know what else tastes
like the real thing
feces actual shit you ate that you know
what it would taste like real shit go
fuck yourself
Alonso angry all right here we go oh
this is just an Ice Cream Sandwich look
at it oh my god a hit jackpot okay it's
weird though cuz it feels like a rock
doesn't have to sound you like with your
ice cream welcome to cult stones do you
like it or do you love it alright here
we go oh oh no I think I broke my tooth
oh oh fuck okay I've tried a lot of
weird shit I used to work at Jenny Craig
there were toenails in our food I have
never tried something like this and
she's like dandruff I didn't like it
just bit the scalp of a water polo
player just like scaly this is bad this
is this is bad this is way worse than
the other one this is I would rather get
lost in space and died I would rather an
alien probe me force me to watch the boy
next door again and then send me back to
earth and say you're gonna be the boy
next door - Oh cookies and cream ice
cream sandwich okay now this is another
Ice Cream Sandwich but I do love the
flavor of cookies and cream it is my
favorite Hershey's bar it is my favorite
milkshake so I have high hopes okay
now once again it looks you know crazy
but that kind of looks good I'm not even
alight let's give it a try let's really
honestly try I'm not gonna like freak
out I'm just gonna try it right here we
go
- you're that mouth bum that was drag
queen realness I don't hate this I kind
of move I like this who just wants good
this mmm fuck this one tastes like um
fucking fucking fucking fucking fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Lucky
Charms
like Lucky Charms marshmallows like when
they get extra hard ah ooh what if they
have cookies and cream Lucky Charms
hello what if they had dessert flavor
Lucky Charms like cookies cream
chocolate caramel sea salt peanut butter
ooh fuck make that happen lucky
good I give this 10 out of 10 astronauts
who made it safely back to earth last
but not least Neapolitan I hate
Neapolitan ice cream I think it's
horrible I get it equality all flavors
in one hashtag love wins but you know
what hashtag yuck it's fucking
disgusting I don't want it I don't like
it I like my ice cream separated I like
my chocolate with my chocolate like my
familiar with Manila once you start
mixing shit up and you're like oh do you
want to swirl fuck you I don't want to
swirl you don't swirl round with pearl
which is what I'm gonna fuckin do if you
start swirling your banana flavor with
my chocolate which by the way banana
flavor go fuck yourself I get so angry
with you spewed with you oh it's all one
color it's all pink Oh which is the
worst flavor
it's not even strawberry it's pink
flavor it's like they created some
bullshit flavor like boo doesn't it
taste like strawberry no bitch I've had
a strawberry before this tastes like
chemicals all right
there's a chunk in it okay it's gone do
any bubble oh you found a mouth pops
it's happening and they're not a good
way it's not good oh it's like gunshots
it tastes like have you guys ever had
go-gurt I know I'm old but go-gurt used
to be yogurt in a tube I know
doesn't it sound like a genius idea no
it's not in like kids are bring it to
school and have their go-gurt like in
their pocket they be like oh fuck girls
that'll go great in your pocket you just
happy to see me no it's a go-gurt oh
then we sat all day it would get like
sweaty hot in the yogurt we turn into
like milk and then at lunchtime you get
so desperate that you just are squeezing
the tube that's what it tastes like
except worse it almost seems like the
teacher comments get it from you because
she's like it's not a go over in your
Poppi you're not allowed to have that
it's not lunchtime yet as she put in her
desk and then it's sat there for 10
years while the teacher went slowly
crazy because this isn't the life she
wanted she want to be a Hollywood
actress and now she's a teacher and then
10 years later after she killed herself
in her classroom in front of her
students somebody opened up her desk to
find some evidence and they found an old
tried of go-gurt and that's what I just
ate so I'm gonna give this 10 out of 10
dead teachers Laurie let's go quits all
my astronaut ice cream I think this just
proves that I'm not going to space hell
I'm not even going anywhere ever
I can't walk so I'll just chill out here
on earth let me know in the comments
what food I should try next and also
have you ever tried astronaut food and
what did you think also give this video
a thumbs up and subscribe and even in to
visit leg and also use space heads
tomorrow safe travels I don't know what
that was I'm sorry I just had go-gurt
when the Krakens want me to die my dog
would have died everything that talked
it was right bad cuz I wasn't trying to
make that man happy
