obesity is a disease yeah so is being a
Shopaholic you know what else is the
disease not being funny and bitch you
have it hey what's up you guys yes it is
that time again where I try to see if I
have any emotions or if I have any
feelings inside of my heart or what the
fuck is my hair doing right now I don't
know also what the fuck is this I don't
know yes today I'm gonna be doing the
try not to cry challenge I've done this
before
and I succeeded but I'm going to try to
find some really really really sad dark
dark shit I want to see people die I
want to see actual people actually die
and if it was a try not to come
challenge I would lose let's get started
now you guys try to I want tears okay
here we go this is called the best
touching commercial ads try not to cry
okay it's a little girl walking through
dad for braids are all boy
this suit is not worthless to me to stay
in the room oh I don't like that look
again move on okay this is just getting
creepy
creepiest daddy is the creepiest daddy
takes me to the basement puts on a tank
top and makes werewolf faces at me I
neither do daddy
oh I screamed though he's a good dad oh
girl he couldn't save nobody oh my god
is daddy gonna die oh my god
daddy's not my daddy you guys what what
what what he lie about what he do girl
you better tell me what you did I'm
invested now what you lie about
where's mama he kill mama oh my God he's
running he kill mama he's running to
bury that bitch a job wait I don't
understand he's a bank robber why she
have a mini piano what's happening here
that have money he steals shit what's
wrong with him being of a sign man well
yeah he fucking tired his fuck carrying
your ass around is he homeless he's not
hungry Oh cries he's giving his food his
girl
we disappear oh no bitching I'm nothing
you ain't got shit oh oh my god yeah
what he lie about
that's how sweaty I get when I'm filming
these videos cuz this light is hot
saying that dress is cute ha ha alright
I'm I needed to speed up this is not a
commercial this is a movie oh look at
that sad backpack how do you afford that
though that's expensive
kawaii bro oh he read it he read it oh
and she's like shit I didn't I didn't
mean for you to read that oh he's like a
girl now you know we broke so we can go
to Disneyland so about it I don't know
if that was a commercial for but that is
sad I didn't cry but that's that I was
poor growing up and I I relate to that
my mom never you know peed on a street
corner and then like gave me ice cream
but you know life was hard
okay next one okay clock is ringing
little kids are getting out of bed this
is just like cadet Kelly remember that
when the horn went off and Hillary duck
was like what can we do the Hilary Duff
challenge get they're all brushing their
teeth nothing sad yet he's getting in
he's going horn on that brush oh they're
all showering together that's my
nightmare I could cry thinking about
that okay so now everybody's oh that
bought their kids are um what do they
call what are they called
Danny Danny Danny orphans what a fuck
was that how come he was it like excuse
me sir what oh fuck
oh no rice for you bitch oh no what are
you gonna eat you don't eat that chip
you don't eat them children he's gonna
walk over there stab them kids and eat
him
oh that's a fake cry though that was a
dredge one oh fuck oh mama getting that
bowl what's happening
my mother is all I have o'clock and I
wake from a mile away I'm rushing to
pick up my son huh her son's dead he's
riding her bike to pick up her son was
she gonna sit on her handlebars she even
got a basket the only time I saw her was
during meals ooh that looks like a clump
of hair oh that's him now he's ignoring
her got earphones in shut up bitch oh
this is so sad Oh
her wig looks betters playing ball with
the friends moms at home eat rice alone
that's fucked up she's gonna die one day
look he'll thought about it
see clumsy ass was a karmic dies yeah I
can't kill that bitch she ate dinner
with your mama why she said in a lunch
agree oh no oh my god happy birthday and
he's like I ain't coming home bitch
going out with my friends oh no oh no oh
no oh
she'd have a party alone oh my god she's
gonna turn on Ke$ha dancing with tears
in my eyes no he's gonna leave work he's
gonna say no I need to get home with
Mama oh here he comes
oh she's all dressed up oh my god and
sad Oh hmm he changed time to put on my
purple Polo OH
oh that's so sad oh oh no she died the
next day
god this company is making the saddest
shit ever oh can you imagine like watch
an American Idol like ooh this is so
exciting and the commercial comes and
it's like mama died feeding me rice ham
mood-killer
ooh wait is that the same girl oh oh
just not fly out of her nose oh that's
that oh that's real tears they're really
beat natural look at her smiling creepy
Oh what's gonna happen uh-uh oh that's
right she's plotting her revenge a
garbage in your life you just called her
sister garbage how far into your life oh
that little bitch
Oh No here we go she's gonna get
murdered but what she fine
what's she fine what what she fine oh no
she didn't put on a nicer shirt cool you
stole my money for this didn't you if
our parents passed away I would have
ditched you want her to die I like this
oh shit she's dying
oh shit but it reversal you have cancer
no no big gains a nice one cancer God
sometimes I question you oh no oh oh oh
no no that's not funny
Oh No Oh what about the slut where she
at Oh
Oh cancer so sad oh the doll with the
hair oh look at her just eat Cheetos
so that oh girl how was chemo Tyra's on
oh shit she seriously she's not going to
help doc I hope her dying sister where
she at not even a cord yeah open up the
bathroom girl gotta throw up look at her
doesn't give a fuck I hate this bitch oh
now you're sad been three oh what's the
matter oh I don't know dying of a
disease killing me from the inside out
what's wrong nothing is fine I'm dying
wait she didn't know are you kidding me
please this lost me I was into it lost
me oh please I don't care how much you
hate your family or your sister or
nothing
you go to the doctor and they tell you
have cancer you tell everybody you know
you get on Twitter you get a histogram
you know snapchat it's your story are
you kidding me if I got forbid I'm sure
one day it will probably happen as all
of us are gonna get cancer if that ever
happened the second I left the office
I'll be calling everybody my phone I'll
be freaking out I'll be praying I mean
like everybody pray everybody private in
this one lost me I don't know what it's
a commercial for oh I'm done okay once
again the side note just pausing this is
why well this isn't why but please tell
your mama's go get mammograms
tell your daddies to go get whatever
it's called for cancer for guys
colonoscopy Oh tell them do that check
that shit check yourself check your
balls boys check your fucking titty
girls check everything because honestly
fuck cancer is so fucking harsh and I've
lost so many people in my life to cancer
and it's brutal so and also if somebody
in your life has cancer can you please
take care of them at least give them a
balloon do something this bitch jumping
on Cheetos cuz guess what you take care
of them because at some point you're
gonna need somebody take care of you
that's right sorry I hope it made me
angry okay this is happier what is he
eating that looks amazing
Oh poppy if that dies oh no I see what's
happening he's gonna feed the puppy
puppy's gonna run away get hit by a car
oh no oh my god oh my god it's happening
it's gonna happen oh oh
oh no oh my god oh my god I can't watch
this oh my god I'm gonna cry I'm letting
you guys know I'm gonna cry this puppy
is so cute and it's doing all these nice
things for this dog oh my that's good oh
my god oh fuck oh no oh my god no it's
happening he's coming it's got this
happy music is going turns out real
quick oh I can't I can't I can't
oh no oh no oh my god oh my god oh my
god I can't watch I can't watch oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god no no no fuck is that
wait what what's happening bitch II saw
in the car okay yeah get it get the
number oh no oh my god now the dog is
gonna die cuz his whole life everything
he did was for that moment now he we
don't need him anymore
oh he didn't die oh my god he didn't die
when a Kraken zombie he would die the
dog would've died everything that sonic
day was right bad cuz I wasn't trying to
make that man happy he did you see tears
I got tears look at that got him a good
actor give me a fucking Oscar oh my guys
go that was a try not to cry challenge I
survived I mean I made myself cry at the
end but I survived those were really
really extremely depressing I have no
idea what they were sown but I'm buying
let me know in the comments if you cried
and what part you cried at also this
video thumbs up and subscribe to Madrid
or I will see you guys tomorrow
stay sad yeah II am not maybe it's
initials for something like Brittany
Murphy Oh
