hey what's up you guys I am here with me
okay
and because she is the most satanic
devilish scary person I know
fuck yeah kneel down okay we thought it
would be fun well actually I thought
she's into idea with that yeah yeah she
went to the bathroom when she came back
on a hole which set up the alphabet a
goodbye so we are going to be planning
with a Ouija board now aren't you scared
to buy a Ouija board I saw the movie I
wanted I thought maybe if I made it
myself
like with sharpies and construction
paper maybe it would be a little less
dangerous yeah and also probably not
work have you perfected one no why would
I do that
do you know anything about them I think
it's something about like spirits coming
back to life
okay so if you go on Wikipedia it does
it a Ouija board or the spirit thing is
a board where you can talk to the dead
but a lot of people say do not use them
because people can come through it that
pretend to be like your dead grandma or
something
sorry that's when your insidious oh fuck
dude you brought that shit into my house
hey girl quick allowed you do go right
over I got my board fine no you're
fucked
oh look anyways because I had a medium
tell me wherever I go go swallow and if
there's a lonely person around me they
clean the bed I mean you are a lovely
girl
so all the demons are clinging on to you
so what we got here we got me a Ouija
board we have a candle you push a little
thing till I get letters so we didn't
have that so we have a pumpkin-carving
little thing for cookies I think that'll
work
I get a lot of gay ghosts okay ready now
when we light the candle we have to say
like the chambers so maybe like oh oh oh
oh no what you don't know hahaha hoping
that would happen yes already here
that's what it is a little bit don't see
what the real Satan is oh my god okay
first we have to start by saying hello
okay ready so put your little fingers
okay so we're sage you're Russian so is
h-e-l-l-o eh
they're here okay so who do you want to
talk to I want to talk to the other home
Marilyn Monroe what's wrong with that
I'm not like a relative or something
my people don't die dude you're also a
water by raised in Russia oh my god no
let's talk to pooja sighs pretty
spirited Lindsay Lohan oh okay
I love her okay let's see if she talks
back Brittany Murphy we want to talk to
you and ask you about about working with
Dakota Fanning what was it like yeah
what was it like it's moving it's moving
are you doing that no you're doing no no
I do
are you know oh my gosh is there no no
no I can tell you're not doing because
your fingers happy yes I'm not easy okay
it's moving it's moving back no wait are
you actually doing you know dude I'm not
I'm not even here look at that oh what
the
she's in you right now like a Brit
British come out no no it's like
circling it so I guess it's like oh wait
oh dear oh we good good so it was good
fucking lame here's a dirt I wanna hear
what happened behind the scene okay
Brittany Murphy would say goodbye okay
let's talk to one of our roads was touch
my grandma now my grandma he has come to
me in my closet she has come to me about
how she's giving me an apartment she is
like a peer so I know she didn't come
I've met your grandmother she's gonna be
chillin at my house all the time yeah
grandma oh my god is here the grandma
that's her on the bike took you that cuz
I could've had grandma now you have to
say Ethel that was really a so here are
you here here why is it my turn yes no
no dog Ethel
oh my god oh my god okay okay the old
person makes instead of like squeaky
enjoy every morning oh my god it's going
to yeah oh no no she this is Terry hi
this is I'm gonna be dreaming on your um
your grandmother is gonna be in my
closet and I have a lot of expensive
clothing in there oh shit no I'm not
even doing it I'm not doing really what
the fuck I'm not doing no no she's ano
oh grandma hi omega stringer gorgeous
she's crashed over your shoulders she's
so cute when she does that
okay we now we have to ask her a
question hey grandma have you ever seen
the devil okay leaving yes quit B oh god
that noise again
am NOT maybe it's initials for something
Brittany Murphy
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god she's fucking here
she's fucking here she's fucking here
what it means it Brittany Murphy he's a
devil it's the devil and she don't know
that's me ha but she's pretending to be
my grandma in children my Buckey how we
said bye to her and Brittany was like a
bitch hi hi still here Brittany Murphy
is here Brittany okay now we're going to
talk shit about her Brittany Murphy
you're here give us a sign
look at your daughter oh my god your dog
what you do oh my god your dog looks so
scared right now yeah this is scary
Brittany Murphy if you're here make the
candle like flicker or do something what
the fuck hey wait we didn't I didn't
breathe on it I mean I didn't bring them
in either Brittany I like oh we don't
like this but we're gonna do it anyways
no I'm fucking you Brittany what do you
want what do you want bitch it's a term
of endearment be it you know I mean like
bear oh she didn't know I was belt
she's Russian gym baby she wait geez she
is some of those she's like not American
right she's I don't know
GZ GZ good zebras
I think she's talking with us there's
not yeah there's no one stresses me
except for the zebra brittany murphy if
you are really here right now you need
to tell us something interesting it's
just going to goodbye
Oh goodbye oh fuck yeah get the fuck out
you don't want any mom she's like I'm
gonna tell them goodbye
guess what no don't don't no don't no
okay good bye Brittany you're vibrating
surprise have you have you bye love you
though bye Felicia
very or in it fell so far but hey that's
what they say oh I have a solution you
burn that no no duh duh where I'm a by
uptown girls on iTunes what are you
doing what are you doing what is that
okay so okay yes Oh spirits go away yeah
oh my god this is like pizza oh oh what
is that oh fuck all right bye bread ooh
girl fits I wanna get out - lets go that
was our experience with the Ouija board
honestly guys I'm just gonna say it
that was weird I can personally for my
being and say I was not pushing it I was
out pushing it I got so scary I know why
I would have no way so guys don't do
that at home
the movie was right bad idea and we're
probably gonna do it again because a
comment which means our doing eggs
please
I'll see this video thumbs up and
subscribe and it is everything over to
all this channel subscribe and check out
the video we did where we did the pizza
we're challenged where we have put a
bunch of dog food and shit on pizza and
eat it I'll give you a hand did not go
well and I almost died and then you
could talk to me when I'm dead oh my god
I can't wait perfect lab my mom would be
like you have any girlfriends and I'd be
like yeah there's so many girlfriends
I'd like five girlfriends they're all
over me all the time
no no honey not like girl friends like
girlfriends
hey this dinner bitch
