hey it's okay guys yes I'm very excited
because these are my favorite videos to
do I'm going to be watching youtubers
first videos they are hopefully gonna be
amazingly bad uncomfortable and I am
going to feel the pain because my first
videos are fucking atrocious so let's
get started okay so last time you guys
left me some comments I want you to
press watch next
so I pulled those and now we are going
to do it first up is twaimz alright this
video is from a year ago Wow I'm old
a year ago that's your first video god
when this kid was 5 I was 20 wait it's
twice this is literally Logan today
alright that's the same for is that
Logan E what is happening no wait it's a
honey talks you know I think I got the
eye rolling back the head I've seen that
before not by him but for my grandma
when she was dying that was intense by
these first five seconds you've been
telling a crazy bitch
also what my grandma said before she
died hey Jesus in the first five seconds
you gonna tell them a crazy bitch death
those days where you just sit and think
about the world no I don't do that by
seven thought about the world I would
not be here anymore we just reach out to
you guys maybe I can find a friend and
that is how people get murdered
you know what ain't got no friends so
I'm just gonna go in the computer and
find him myself hey guys it's me I'm a
13 year old twink looking for friends
here's my address come over next day dad
I'm gonna teach you how to be my friend
Oh No what the eyewall the i rolled to
the back of the head is terrifying me
it's like my grandma's dying over it
over and over again and I would just
take all your money in that floppy
maybe that's why you don't have friends
if you want to be my friend I'm gonna
steal yo shit come over to hang out if
you want to be my friend you can't talk
because I get so annoyed by just people
to speak what is this this is like the
worst match.com video ever you want to
be with me man you got to be rich cuz I
need your money you gotta have food cuz
I'm gonna eat your food and you need to
shut the fuck up honestly though that
sounds like me we should be together
okay next we are going to be doing grace
Helbig now her first videos were on her
old channel Daily Grace and if you don't
know about that drama well you need to
research her first official video is
called drunk Facebook a I really her
hair that's like when you go to a
Halloween store and you go can I have
the Taylor Swift from 2008 hair perfect
ring whoops forgot she used to do that
where she fucking have loud ass fucking
noises and if I can scare the shit out
of me but I liked it when a new user
comments on a daily grace video I hated
them so that they feel like they're part
of this agent hazing if you don't know
what that is
don't look it up it's a tough search
term on porn and it gets sad I watched a
guy hit a girl in the face with a bucket
of paint and enforcer you know what I'm
not gonna finish just don't look it up
she would love my mom she would love my
whole family the amount of text I've got
for my mom while she's been you know
what she doesn't drink oh she's just
crazy girlfriends the girls that are my
friends
oh my god that's exactly how I used to
say it back when I was like fat in high
school and my mom would be like you have
any girlfriends and I'd be like yeah
there's so many girlfriends I'd like
five girlfriends are all over me all the
time no no honey not like girl friends
like girlfriends
famous dinner bitch and finally Troye
Sivan okay his first video is from seven
years ago I mean I never know he was on
YouTube for that lovely seven years ago
and it's called tell me why oh my god oh
my god all I had that haircut second of
all never heard of it
oh my god he has like that um that Kelly
Clarkson little haha
you don't time out but it doesn't kill
you makes yes you does oh fuck I don't
have it in to me oh that's so cute you
know it's funny which were so fun I've
never like officially met him I like
past him at VidCon I didn't know much
about his YouTube channel until recently
but he's so good oh this is so cute oh
my god
I want it let's see like a newer one
what the hell is this one this one's a
bunch of naked guys
okay now it's weird to think about him
as a little boy like nothing about his
old boy like I'm sexy about running this
show and they cut to like me in the
mouth and bite my ass I'm uncomfortable
but I love it all right right there it
is poor guys go that was me watching
youtubers today I'll eat me down in the
comments more youtubers you want me to
watch and out also and that's it give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe to
new videos every single day and I will
see you tomorrow
Jackson stop he first of all do you guys
not know this he was 34 on that show 34
and he was best friends with a 9 year
old that's creepier than me Andrew
billy-ray really of course
Oliver because Oliver's mitchel Musso
and mitchel Musso is everything I have a
weird obsession let's move on
