hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video huh snapchat one
of the most popular apps in the world an
estimated hundred and fifty-eight
million users a day it's inevitable that
with that many people sending that many
snaps some creepy ones might get through
and today we're gonna be talking about
some snaps that should have never been
sent from embarrassing moments to freak
accidents even death today we're gonna
be looking at some of the scariest snaps
that have ever been recorded okay we're
gonna start with something sad and
disturbing but a little light-hearted
now some of you guys might remember this
I had never seen it a few years ago a
woman snapped herself saving a turtle or
so she thought so here's a little note
to self if anyone runs into a turtle say
that don't just leave it on the road now
the idea of saving a turtle he's a good
one this did not turn out that way
turtle saving is a hobby not only is
that not the way to save anything but
what's even worse that wasn't a turtle
and by the way that turtle was actually
a tortoise and tortoises can't swim yeah
you can only imagine that kind of hate
this girl received after she sent that
not only did she throw a tortoise I
can't swim into water she threw it from
very high up and then she said that she
was the Savior did you not know that
tortoises don't swim I did not know that
I never intended anyone to think that I
killed an animal or would ever do
anything to harm an animal now luckily
tortoises can hold their breath for 30
minutes so this kind of does have a
happy ending do you think the tortoise
survived yes it did survive he popped up
out of the water and walked into the
woods either way that girl probably
regrets sending that snap every single
day okay
now we're gonna talk about something
that is very very sad at the very real
that is people that get into car
accidents because of snapchat now car
accidents have obviously been around
forever but now because everybody has a
smartphone in their hands at all times
it's only gotten
even worse first we're gonna be talking
about an accident that happened in 2015
in Philadelphia three women died after
burning them alive in the wrecked cars
before they died they were all
snapchatting and posting about their
crazy night while they were having fun
and snapping and driving their car
crashed into a tractor-trailer
now this tractor-trailer was carrying
large amounts of herbicide and that is
highly flammable the car burst into
flames instantly and everybody inside
died now nobody knew why they were
driving so fast some people thought they
were trying to get away from something
people thought there was more to this
story
well then a few weeks later they found
out there was the girls were trying to
get their speed as high as they could so
they could put on the speed filter on
snapchat and impress their friends now
this happens all the time people trying
to go faster so they get their speed
filter higher and they consented and
their friends and say I'm going so much
faster than you well in one case even
landed somebody in prison a man named
Adil was arrested after a car accident
in 2014 and left another driver dead
just before the accident he sent a snap
to his friend that said leads to
Rochdale
11 minutes catch me and then he crashed
and killed somebody
now obviously snapping and bragging
about how fast you're going is awful but
what's even worse is bragging about how
drunk you are while you're driving
earlier this year three women died
because of a car accident from snapping
and drinking and driving they posted a
series of snaps of themselves drinking
an entire bottle of vodka while they
were driving now this is something that
happens all too often and the police are
trying to stop this was a very tragic
accident and it serves of an example of
what can happen when you mix alcohol and
driving in a vehicle now listen we
talked about this in the Instagram video
I did and we're going to talk about it
again don't drink and drive and
definitely don't drink and snap and
drive that's too many distractions and
you might end up dead okay now we're
going to talk about something that I am
so fascinated by now because everybody's
snapping all the
you might catch something unexpected you
might even catch in 2017 two teenage
girls were found dead in the woods near
an Indiana hiking trail before they died
one of the girls might have gotten audio
and video and pictures of their murderer
now listen this story breaks my heart
but I want to talk about it for a reason
first let me give you some more details
about Liberty and Abigail now these were
just to normal teenage girls exploring
nature just hours after their family
dropped them off by some old railroad
tracks the girls bodies were found now
the killer is not yet been apprehended
but Liberty apparently felt something
was wrong and uploaded videos of a man
authorities now consider one of their
main suspects she even recorded some
audio now the case is still ongoing and
they were very brave to start
snapchatting the second they felt like
something was gonna happen but remember
in moments like this please also call
9-1-1 hopefully soon we will find out
who killed Liberty and Abigail all right
now let's talk about some paranormal
stuff now many people believe they have
caught ghosts on snapchat now I'm sure
you've seen this before people trying to
get their face in the face filter but
then something behind them picks it up
now obviously that could just be a
glitch or it could be snapchat seeing
something that we don't I might touch
you okay
mm-hm can I touch you
I can't teach you yeah super creepy
there are tons of snaps out there of
people who have been trying to do the
face swap and it literally swaps with
something in the darkness behind them or
literally like it'll detect a face in a
dark hallway sometimes it'll even detect
a face on a door and there's nobody
there so is it a glitch or is it
actually seeing a face now obviously
some of them just look like glitches but
this next video does not now this woman
was playing with the dog filter and then
another dog appeared next to her now she
jokingly said stick your tongue out and
then this happened okay them closures
yuck we did them my feet down see what
you put in your longer stupid but
constitute is up ah
whoo I mean she literally jokingly says
stick your tongue out I'm even happened
this of oh my god this actually you know
that huh you know what wait oh my god
okay I want to go to that haunted room
in my house and try this myself actually
no I know no you know what no let's do
it let's go find some ghosts okay I'm in
my haunted room I'm gonna go in the
closet where I always hear the noises
and try the face filter uh-huh oh my god
I'm so scared
No okay
okay what if I just face it this way
okay the closet I don't see anything
that did not work okay now let's move on
from the dark stuff to the weird stuff
we're gonna be talking about the
snapchat of dr. Miami
dr. Miami's a plastic surgeon who
documents his entire surgeries on
snapchat it's super graphic super weird
and he has a huge following that watch
it's inside the operating room like
you've never seen before how nice is the
booty love hello
brought to you by the man known as dr.
Miami
okay now the craziest part of this is
this has given him more business people
want to pay on his snapchat they
literally request for their surgeries to
be documented on snapchat the result a
cult following of millions of snapchat
followers and more new patients than he
can even handle yeah he was even showing
off his own merch this guy has better
merch than me I'm pissed now he also has
full-time employees whose job is to
snapchat the surgeries for him they
capture his every move in the operating
room and serve as snapchat sidekicks
thanks to dr. Miami they have large
followings of their own vices here in
the effort to do creep in from his
beloved video games now he's so popular
in snapchat that he almost won his
streaming service never he came in
second place for snapchatter of the year
losing out to DJ khaled second second
princess snapshot may be teaching Kyle's
a king maybe next year maybe next week
you never know oh okay
I can't look at this so yes there are
people in the world who are so desperate
for fame that they literally will go get
surgery and let the doctors snapchat
their bodies I can't either way all I'm
gonna say is dr. Miami please come on my
podcast because I had a lot of questions
okay now this last story we're going to
talk about is so so disturbing this is
of a guy who caught some
so scary on his snapchat okay so this
video comes from reddit so this guy was
posting videos showing off his pets and
his birds and he put it on a snapchat
story well then his friend texted him
this hahaha
you bearded Beast those birds are mad by
the way the fuck was that in the window
behind you in the last one hahaha so
being really confused the guy that
posted the snaps went back and looked at
them that's how the first one of my
parents little boats is this little go
it is a little layout
he's a cockatiel and Here I am with my
good little knight puffins huh-uh
okay so if you didn't catch that I'm
gonna slow it down and show you again
yeah there's definitely something in
that window behind him and it looks
terrifying
the guy was freaked out when he watched
this back but then in the reddit thread
he explains that he knew that figure too
well he says that when he was a kid he
would suffer from night terrors and a
ghostly figure would stand outside of
his window with his hands pressed
against the glass well then a week later
he kept documenting his very scary
journey of the things he was catching on
his snapchat now in this one he woke up
in the middle of the night because of
loud noises
well after he posted that video on
reddit one of the commenters noticed
something they saw something in the
corner of the room and then they
enhanced the clip and this is what they
saw oh my god yeah I don't I'm just
gonna slow it down and show you again in
the corner of the room you see a hooded
creepy fucking man after showing these
videos to his partner they decided it
was not safe to stay there so they left
well they called the police and have
them investigated now the police who
tend not to believe in ghost stories or
demons or whatever suggest that it might
have been a team of burglars who are
trying to get in the house and trying to
hide and maybe that's why they were
looking through the window and maybe
that's why they were wearing hoods
either way it was something and it was
caught on snapchat and I am terrified
well there you guys go hopefully you
enjoyed some of the scariest and most
disturbing snapchats ever and once again
please make sure to snap and drive now
drink and snap and drive and definitely
make sure that if you are in a dangerous
situation you stay completely aware and
you don't just run to your snapchat you
call 9-1-1 all right you guys hopefully
enjoyed that creepy video if you did and
you want more give me a thumbs up maybe
I'll do a scariest Facebook post ever
I'll just show you all the creepy
childhood pictures my mom post also make
sure to subscribe to my channel right
down below and if the notification bell
because I make new videos everyday and
if you wanted to my last video where I
talked about the scariest Instagram
posts ever I'll put a link to a playlist
right down below all right you guys keep
snapping and make sure to watch it back
because you might see something that you
didn't expect bye
