guys guess what we just sent up first
pockets in ten weeks yes Joe and Daniel
I hear it was very exciting
uncomfortable I asked them a lot of
personal questions I got in their
personal space I asked them if they
wanna have a threesome with me so guys
please go to the podcast I'll put it
down there soundcloud.com slash native
friends see you guys later
hey what's up you guys yes I've been
sick in bed ping into a bottle taking a
lot of painkillers and not taking a
shower which means I'm feeling like
Miley and because I'm feeling like Miley
wanna take a quiz on BuzzFeed called
what era of Miley Cyrus are you I'm
definitely the era where she didn't
shower which was probably her whole life
sometimes I feel like we're related and
then I remember she hates me which makes
me feel even more like we're related
let's get started okay choose a pair of
shoes oh god I don't know this one just
looks like oh my god Lisa had those is
Lisa my weight that's probably why I
didn't work out these also has those
okay this is just getting weird okay
Lisa did not have these I definitely did
when I was 12 and looked like a lesbian
and wore them with sauce so I'm gonna go
with those pink a Miley song huh oh this
is hard
we can't stop hmm I can't adore you what
really what why that would nobody liked
that song nobody and I liked that Miley
album but come on that one that was like
three minutes of somebody having an
overdose yeah actually sounds pretty
good party in the USA oh that's a good
one or the climb I am NOT a fan of the
climb I never understood why that's
almost popular I remember one time my
friend was getting her nipples pierced
at this really creepy place in North
Hollywood and the climb started playing
and the woman whose piercing my friend's
nipple stopped in the middle of the
clamp and said I love this song and then
blood but don't worry cuz there's always
gonna be another nipple I kind of fucked
up that one I'm sorry but it's okay ya
know what go see Oh boobies anyway part
in the USA pick a Hannah Montana co-star
oh my god okay first of all Emily Osment
is giving me some dsl realness Jackson
stop he first of all do you guys not
know this he was 34 on that show 34 and
he was best friends with a 9 year old
that's creepier than me injury billy-ray
really of course Oliver because Oliver's
mitchel Musso and mitchel Musso is
everything I have a weird of
let's move on pick a singer to collab
with ariana grande Selena Gomez Dolly
Parton or Joan Jett what she looks like
she hosts what the fuck news and Dolly
Parton looks like she is Trisha Paytas
and I don't know these two bitches
I'm gonna go Dolly Parton oh we have a
ship named scharton booth but accurate
pick an award show
fuck you Teen Choice fuck you sorry it's
just
if the teens really had a choice and
you'd count their votes I am 27 why am I
getting angry about this CMA I don't
know what that means Oh Country Music
Award no People's Choice once again not
really in the people's hands is it or
the Video Music Awards even though
that's bullshit - I'm gonna go with that
one
choose a boyfriend oh god Nick Jonas why
are people telling us to like him so
much I mean I don't hate him but like
come on really
I'll take Kevin liam hemsworth he kind
of looks like the wine from Wizard of Oz
right like not a bad way but like like a
twin patrick Schwarzenegger
I don't what or I don't need a man yes
bitch I don't need a man unless is Kevin
Jonas is he still married what happened
is he by he's by really I don't know
whatever I don't need a man ooh I got
modern Miley you're a wild child with a
unique sense of self and a point of view
you will take no shit from anyone and
will not let others define you you're a
badass huh mmm
I love that I'm so excited what is she
doing she looks like she's sharp at
social fiction is doin well you guys go
I'm so excited I got modern Miley I mean
I kind of wanted Hannah Miley but then
that would also be weird because I would
be living two different lives like in
one life I'd be a 27 year old grown man
and then the other life I'd be you know
Hannah Montana 13 year old pop star and
let's be honest if I was going to be any
member of a Hannah Montana cast I'd be
Jackson old man with young friends who
loves nachos it has a very uncomfortable
relationship with his father all right
you guys hope you had fun quiz it with
me I had fun quiz me with you let me
know down in the comments below what
Miley you would be would you be Hannah
Montana Miley would you be part in USA
Miley or would you be Oh Miley I make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe doesn't mean to be does
everything day I will see you guys
tomorrow
bye love quiz where would you like to go
on a date your uncle's house what this
just got dark a beach or nothing three
points extra if you pick your uncle's
house I'm confused
Miranda has a darker past the night
thought she did
