okay so Joey buck doesn't like one of
your friends what about Joey's friends
everybody's really sweet hey wassup you
guys I'm gonna play a game let's try to
think of a youtuber who doesn't have a
book yeah big of one no nobody
not me neither now yes this has been the
year of the youtuber books we had my
book we had Joyce with me I just needs
book we have Tyler's book we ever end it
sings Buckingham Hart's book for your
memories book me at Grace's book me an
album book we had so Ella's book we had
Marcus Butler's book we ha ha a lot of
fucking books a lot of fucking words I
didn't read any of it and you know what
to all the youtubers out there who are
like oh my god I read all the duper
books you're lying you know what you did
you did this oh they sent me a book kind
of sweet Instagram oh that's nice so I
thought it would be fun today if I
actually read through a few of them now
there are so many books so many youtuber
books I can probably do this as a series
so I was thinking today I will read
through pour of them time I read through
them make fun of them and hopefully get
some tweeted by all of them let's go
sign it first obviously I have to make
fun of my own book I can't make fun of
it because the whole book is me making
fun of myself so here's me naked you're
welcome
I also say something like the smell of
Denny's at 3:00 I'm reminds me of two
things burning hot diarrhea rushing out
of my swollen hole and the death of my
grandmother so yeah I'm an author okay
let's get to the other books first I'm
gonna start with my BAE Joey Graceffa he
wrote a book called in real life my
journey into a pixelated world I don't
even think he knows what the fuck that
means cuz I don't what does that mean
you'll Pixar character you want to draw
a cartoon yeah oh my god Joey robot cuz
honestly that make a lot of sense okay
here we go
this book is dedicated to all the people
who feel alone in this world and to my
loyal viewers I could never have made it
without you god that's depressing
but I do feel alone this book is for me
here's a list in here called the ten
reasons to be friends with your sibling
number one you never know when you'll
need someone to bring you toilet paper
they'll cover for you if you break
something that is not true
what's sibling do you have Joey my
brother threw me through a glass door
and he was like
and you know it's sad my mom believed
him because she's like his fat ass would
break a glass door how do you approach a
stranger in a cafeteria don't freak out
if you don't have a place to say
approach a table and asking if anyone is
sitting in an empty seat if you get
rejected move on and try again don't get
discouraged if people are rude just keep
trying and no matter what don't be
afraid to sit by herself if all else
fails sit with the special ed kids I
mean I agree I was in best buddy so I
can say this my life with special ed
kids I went to homecoming with a special
ed girl and she was deaf and she was a
better dancer than me because she could
feel the vibrations but that's that
setup definitely some good words advice
Joey oh my god there's pictures what
first of all that's child porn that's a
little Joey in overalls I don't know who
that bitch is but she looks like she can
get it you know what I mean like she's
given face not that I'm a oh god here we
go oh oh my god life of the party look
at him oh my god and I thought I got
beat up in school
I'm motherfucker I don't have a chance
oh oh my god my ninth grade yearbook
picture oh my god can you see that are
we focused on that you mean focus on
that holy fuck
he looks like shailene woodley in that
divergent movie with that ready a short
wig except instead of saving the world
he is saving himself for marriage top
ten qualities I look for in a boyfriend
okay let's see if I have them confidence
no ambition no facial hair kind of no
muscles no good work ethic I have that
loving I'm loving I could be half a
boyfriend I could be a boy no probably
not
okay that's Joey's book now let's get to
sell pills self-help health health I
just had a stroke hey guys it's me
Miranda you're the luckiest person in
the whole wide world right now because
you have my own manual on how to be a
person I want to help you and all of my
marfan has learn how to be better people
this is such a good book for you don't
even know about it thanks for getting it
by well I'm excited to read it
look at that ass though haters back off
but what about the lovers can we get in
let's just read oh my god is that her as
a baby
is that real oh my god she looks like
she's dying but cute but like dying
right
what happened what's going on like
painful in this chapter I will teach you
how to conquer love and how to get a
boyfriend but not a girlfriend cuz I'm
not Lebanese honestly the way she
dresses and the way she puts on makeup
like she might be the most Lebanese girl
I know qualities to look for attractive
pretty hair rich this and famous and
look I made it I'm there I'm famous
wedding vows okay this is good
hi Miranda take you BAE to be my husband
I promise to be the best person in this
relationship for I'm better you're worse
I'm richer you're poor you're sick I'm
in health as long as you shall live
honestly I've been to a lot of weddings
and accurate love quiz where would you
like to go on a date your uncle's house
what this just got dark a beach or
Nothing three points extra if you pick
your uncle's house I'm confused
Miranda has a darker past the knife up
she did what's your type a bad boy a
model or that guy at the park three
points extra for that guy at the park
I'm starting to feel scared for Miranda
results you're a slut eBay you are slut
put your tongue back in your mouth and
stop being inappropriate you need prayer
I also need therapy because I just had
sex with my uncle in his bedroom and
that guy at the park was watching
literally my life okay she's gonna teach
us how to dance in order to dance good
Lee you need good technique ballet is
the best way to get it positions okay
here we go now this is hard because I
have my walking boot on but I think I
can nail it all right here we go
shit I think I'm nailing it honestly I
feel like fucking my uncle it's going
well okay last but not least we are
going to make fun of Jojo PETA this is
her Halloween book Trish's 31 nights of
fright or she calls it a month without
zmx all right here we go
her dedication says your mom ate my dog
as trash okay so basically she looks at
movies and talks about them this first
one is carry every day picked on in high
school you probably want to punch those
bullies in the face but Carey decides to
handle it the mature way you know by
killing half the school I feel like she
was so drunk when she wrote this and
also so look at your old facebook
pictures of her in high school oh look
at me and look at us
girls behind me this fucking stupid
bitches fuck fuck fucking the hell boobs
out me god I wish I was Trish the Human
Centipede a sexual position she has
definitely done I think you're really
gonna like this movie we picked out
tonight you'll laugh you'll cry you'll
vomit in your mouth it's a film about
unity togetherness it's not getting to
know your fellow man friend and stranger
in a unique way a way that can only be
discovered by having your face stuffed
in some person's ass and someone else's
face stuffed into yours if this ever
happens to me I'll pray I'm down the
middle why the middle is the best place
to be you're getting it you're giving it
like Church why you should see this
movie the guy shows people's faces two
people's asses have you ever seen that
before
honestly I've seen a lot of weird shit
and yes I've seen that before all you
have to do is go into pornhub and type
in face sewn to ass whatever you do
don't type in staple gun I did that on
accident once it was a bad idea so this
book is mainly movie reviews so there's
not much to make fun of here when she
talked about the ring she says the
expression on Katie's face when she's in
the closet scared the hell out of me
when I saw it I will never get that out
of my brain literally the same thought
everybody's had about me since they met
me who that boy in the closet that face
all of the sadness the darkness the
confusion get it away from me I'm
literally the ring
I'm the bisexual ring I like that well
guys go hopefully enjoyed me reading
through and making fun of some youtuber
books leaving some comments down below
of what youtuber books I should read and
make fun of next also please go get all
these books I'll put the links down
there Trish's book 31 nights of Pride
mirandasings book self health and Joey
Graceffa in real life I also get my book
if you want and you don't have to get
everyone all right you guys I love you
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe I'm making real every
single day and I'll see you tomorrow
keep reading or listen to audiobooks if
that's what I do I don't get paid to say
that because I'm not cool but fuck
reading right guys
jelly baby oh it means this one is
brilliant and then his boo fools and
bumper and baby bombing a big hi bubble
hey don't look like yo
a porta children yeah I'm gonna eat this
aborted baby
