guys guess what we just setup furs
pockets in ten weeks ah yes Joanne
Daniel here it was very exciting
uncomfortable I asked them a lot of
personal questions I got in their
personal space I asked them if they
won't have a threesome with me so guys
please go to the podcast I'll put it
down there soundcloud.com slash native
friends you guys I don't sound of
American I am so static hello what's up
you mate
Oh welcome to Big Brother we change I
was the host from some big brother I
love that today we're just being two
Americans trying British candy because
everybody else doing it original with
the original candy hollers I feel we
started the yeah calling train mmm
literally awesome I got a bunch of candy
on my channel and on her channel so it's
two parts cuz there's so much British to
go on our mouth alright which we can
first you can get in there grab bag oh
it's so British it here
fathers teeth what you're figuring me
Mars America knows it's mr. Mars free of
artificial colors and flavors
cool you know it's British when there's
a you in there oh but smelling something
everything I'm not just saying this but
it smells like balls oh no it really
does smell like my balls maybe is your
balls now that I'm close for P so this
is what the inside looks like oh it's
such a delicacy oh okay well anyway it's
like a milky way mixed with a three
musketeer mix with a Snickers without
the nuts
yeah well Snickers mess is what makes it
I've got it definitely Milky Way meets
what do you think you just endless
creature musketeer cuz it's light
I'll give this six out of 10 British
youtubers
me sick I don't want one of them I know
they do at VidCon why is this a sherbert
fountain oh yeah I like you would love
this what the fuck is the twist to open
okay here we go
and terrifying wait what the fuck it's
like a it's like a serious acting pun
Rose what is it
okay upon know what how do you I don't
know here we go
how are you yeah you it I'm not sure
like I guess stuck on it like a damn is
it just sugar oh is it good oh my god
it started good and then it hits you and
it's like a like a laxative
I like me that tums okay so a lot of
times I have a whole bottle my Christmas
oh oh sure of it is weird it tasted so
honestly I don't know about much about
drugs but hell okay it's kind of Cokie
okay
I give that was a while a point to flip
oh he's just gonna say dollars about I'm
what is your favorite British youtuber I
don't care yeah love the British I don't
want YouTube I don't know fuck you know
what you sure zoella cuz she has she I
don't know she's nice she boat we
followed your kids I like her ah no
bridge to blame me okay whoa oh that's
so good yes it's so good young bubbles
ready it dissolves it's Airy oh fuck oh
that doesn't all of that I know it
doesn't look at what it looks tacky it
sorry you're like plays a baby it's okay
from the outside it's not that beautiful
from the inside it's honestly not that
great but I eat anything here we go it
melts like it melts in your mouth
this isn't chocolate I give it a Caspar
Lee cuz he's not even British she's
African so it's like it's not even the
same yes yeah these are called
jelly baby food oh it names this one is
brilliant and then his boo fools and
bumper and baby bombing a big hole
couples do not look like they do a port
in children yeah I'm gonna eat this
aborted baby
mmm not bad making a question I like it
and I hate gummy shit I hate I get so
angry any type of somebody make
something gummy and it looks like food
like it's a pizza but it's like a gummy
hands me the fuckin I forget even its
gummies but it fuck you fuck this up
I fuckin hate so fucking disgusting
alright the worst sorry I know people
make cakes and they're like oh look at
this cake and it looks like a big
fucking like burger or a burrito or like
oh it's a cake but it's actually an
astronaut fuck yourself you made cake
but I like these wait I like the burgers
that look like cake that cake double
singer burger never know I like you to
get the more you did like them because I
was
why make them go away yes Jade gives
these 500 Shane Dawson's I get those
pewdiepie and his girlfriend just bought
fucking you want british anybody that's
not American I'm like nobody let's be
them Oh Oh puke oh my beauty girls a
beauty yeah probably pukes
yes cute I've been waiting for you all
day
you game it in that room I've just been
out here gaming by myself oh yeah you
like I'm gonna hit the button like that
fuck
yeah this button oh oh turn up camera me
reactions
how's that feel as a few games it just
all starts to fucking which I like it
okay Cadbury Dairy Milk buttons looks
like your cat it's cat eyes it's like
it's a cat it's you eat their eyes what
I'm excited you go oh you took that like
ecstasy
um um it just tastes like chocolate like
I've had berry eggs over him
so it's average so I give that one of
the British youtubers friends whose I'll
be like in the background video
oh yeah no totally Andrew okay one more
I look so free on the piano wait this is
called choke Oh child I'm not feeling
this look okay
oh that was taking me huh ha okay here
we go huh nope
Rolo no it tastes like I'm not that I
hate no good I'm sorry
any popcorn I know it's better in
popcorn but I don't want something that
you have to do something with to make it
better
why is gun no no if you just like put
some shit on it fucking do this dude
Cheerios oh he just put some sugar on it
okay own it honey and it's okay no give
me honey nut cheerios but what are you
talking about you dip everything in hot
sauce you're learning on this hypothesis
by it's better without that's true I
give that zero out of zero I don't even
get that a youtuber I give that a binder
I get that and about a snapper oh no no
no I give it a key curve a key I did
that once hey what that's cool what's
actually texting people internationally
hey British all right I heard the tie in
a zone when that goes up even have the
neck you can if you want is easy the
other half spit it out and talk about
gross and slash means you love
everything you love this yeah I'm
obsessed I was so excited I hadn't
Donald before I came here I was like I
shouldn't eat this on the tiny eat the
kandy but I was hungry I'm still hungry
I'm ready for dinner after this let's
fuck it up
I'm not ready for that
give me a minute to warm me up scrap it
are you guys gonna check our videos a
thumbs up and subscribe because every
Thursday I was he any more chill chill
no no no
I'm Lee you're gonna fistina honest
happy into it let that hang dry bye guys
ah sometimes you just want to be in the
back of an uber and not have to pull
over to a gas station you just want to
whip this baby out pull out your pee-pee
stick it in that big white mouth and let
her go yeah you might get a one star
from your driver but who cares
