okay so Joey luck doesn't like one of
your friends what about Joey's friends
everybody's really sweet it the one
that's my answer what I hate no the one
have to be guys so today I decided to do
something a little bit different I have
never done a monthly favorites video
mainly because I'm not a 22 year old
British girl but I decided to transition
so here I am welcoming to the world so
because I've never done a favorites
video I don't really know what
categories to do so I kind of wrote down
a bunch of categories and none of them
are makeup products even though I need
them seriously if you know a cure for
what's happening here put in the
comments I'm guessing it's psoriasis
anyway let's get to my favourites so
first I'm gonna do my favorite food so I
actually don't have any like food
products because oh I'm unprepared but I
do have what my friend Steve and Nikki
got me for my birthday which is a gallon
of fireball oh I'm gonna be now colic
this is my favorite drink which is crazy
because most people who drink this
blackout throw up and die I was talking
to a youtuber and they were like Oh cut
of things do you like to drink I was
like oh you know fireball you mean the
most intense alcohol there is like the
alcohol that makes people die like the
alcohol that makes people take all their
clothes off run into oncoming traffic
and get hit by cars yeah to really go
with some whipped cream on top I don't
know I just fucking love it and I've
never been drunk off it I've drink like
a whole gallon of it and have felt
nothing although I never feel anything
because I have no motions so why we're
perfect as far as like actual food I've
been having to pull a log this is
hashtag not spots but there is something
about that bowl that Bowl when they put
that chicken in it they put that
broccoli and then they put that corn in
it they put that sour cream in and then
they put some couple chips in in the
chips they kind of taste like a lot I'm
like a flavored chips like they're not
just normal chips are like lime chips oh
so good I wish it was as good as a
service which is terrible I don't know
whether so Matt they're working it like
the greatest place on earth the people
that work at Subway are nicer and
they're working at Subway their
spokesperson is a child molester
and even worse their sandwiches are
gross
okay so I have a few things here and I'm
excited
about number one is like my friend Trish
got me Trisha Paytas on YouTube
she got me an HOH shirt for Big Brother
I'm so fucking excited Big Brother's my
favorite show of all time
and I've been wearing this shirt every
single day so HOH if you're not a Big
Brother fans stands for head of
household or if you're me honestly over
him he also got me these fucking awesome
Big Brother sunglasses you know and I'm
chillin in the backyard just letting my
HOH live drinking my gallon of fireball
just being a fucking sad piece of shit
but a fashionable one my other favorite
clothing material is this friend shirt I
found which I got at Urban Outfitters
friends is my favorite show one of my
favorite shows of all time size Big
Brother and I was really excited about
this because I unseen this one I have a
lot of friend shirts that's sad
I have more friends shirts than friends
but I'm really excited to wear this in
public and just you know really show how
unfashionable I am although my new
walking boot is doing a pretty good job
of that - is it consume abou at some
point in my life soon I might be able to
walk but probably not so my favorite
movie of this month I didn't really like
any of the movies on theaters but I
watched a movie that was from like 10 15
years ago called the Bubble Boy and I've
seen it a long time ago I didn't really
remember that much of it it is so bad
but for some reason I cried the whole
time most likely my painkillers it's
about a boy played by Jake Gyllenhaal
and he has like a germ disease or
something so he lives in a bubble and
then the girl he's in love with goes
across the country to get married to the
wrong fucking guy who's a total
douchebag and then he gets a bubble
costume and he travels across the world
to find her and while he's doing that he
finds a group of freaks in a freak show
he finds a little person who beats him
up it's really offensive but I loved it
and at the end I'm not gonna give it
away of it oh and then okay I'll kind of
give it away but he you know he has his
disease he thinks we're if he takes the
bubble off he'll die and he really
wanted to kiss the girl so spoiler alert
you really want to kiss the girl so then
he rips off the bubble and like rips it
off for the first time and he has
trouble breathing
and she starts crying she's like no no
no no no
gonna die no you're gonna die and then
he said I'm a friend and he says he
looks at her and he says I would rather
kiss you and die then spend the rest of
my life not being able to and then he
kisses her everything but don't worry he
comes back to life and that's for some
reason he throws a little person in a
train I don't really get that part okay
so my favorite random shit of the month
is obviously number one at the container
I pee into she's been really really good
to me sometimes you just don't want to
get out of bed to go pee in the middle
the night or get off the couch while you
watch a big brother or leave the kitchen
while you're cooking eggs I pee into
this everywhere I am sometimes you just
want to be in the back of an uber and
not have to pull over to a gas station
you just want to whip this baby out pull
out your pee-pee stick it in that big
wide mouth and let her go yeah you might
get a one star from your driver but who
cares I would rather spend the last
moment of my life peeing in a bottle
than the rest of my life peeing in a
toilet
my second favorite thing is this little
steel titanic replica that i got i went
to a titanic reenactment thing basically
it was you know a museum full of things
from the titanic that they brought it
from the ocean and then you can have
dinner with all the people from the
titanic like they're in character
they're acting as if they don't know
they're gonna die that night it's really
scary actually like this old woman
walked up but she's like oh hello my
name is Maggie how is your meal oh it's
you know pretty good Maggie how's yours
I would splendid the best meal I've ever
had and I can't wait to have more meals
in the future night after night meal
have two meal that nothing bad is ever
gonna happen oh but but Maggie you know
that we're gonna die in like an hour
when we hit the iceberg right what yeah
and you're gonna try to get to the
lifeboat but in somebody's gonna push
you out of the way and then you're gonna
go into the water it's freezing you're
probably gonna die their children are
gonna be stuck on the boat while it's
sinking there's gonna be a guy playing
the violin and he's gonna stab himself
with it but the Titanic is the ship of
Dreams yeah I'm just gonna take this
boat it was amazing so this month I have
been obsessed with a youtuber named
Brittany Lee Saunders she is I think
Australian I don't even know how I found
her I think I typed in like young girl
eating candy
moaning screaming scared and then she
popped up she does like vlogs and she
also does like challenges and thinks she
does makeup but I'm not really sure she
does skits and stuff I don't know I just
like people with accents they can talk
to me for as long as they want I would
go to a doctor and learn that I was
dying and be okay with it if he was
Australian oh you go see Stu shit you
should gonna do it tomorrow
that's terrible accident actually let's
not do that but I do really like her
play a clip there it is okay that's
enough she's great go subscribe so I
have been really into Melanie Martinez I
just found out who she was not that long
ago and her new CD came out which is
called cry-baby
and I think she was on The Voice or
something I don't I don't know her
backstory I don't know her life but her
album is really good I have my beats
pill here to help us place them
and then my other personal favorite this
is called pity party and I really like
it because it's depressing
so yes I really like her new album it's
really good if you're in the mood for
songs that make you want to like try
cocaine and maybe like dip into a little
heroin chug a gallon a fireball while
you're laying and your friend's shirt
okay that's a really good signal well
you guys go that is my first favorites
video let me know down in the comments
number one what category should I add
you want like a favorite podcast do you
want like more favorite candy your
favorite food also in the comments let
me know what your favorite song of the
month was and give this video a thumbs
up if you want more favorites if you
don't want them I'll stop doing them but
I don't know that was kind of fun right
you guys I hope you have fun hang with
me have fun day with you make sure to do
this video thumbs up and subscribe I
mean even is a physical thing and I will
see you mom oh I don't like gonna
pulsate out like it like this oh it's
like a volcano okay Merry Christmas
we're moving
