guys guess what we just sent up first
pockets in ten weeks
yes Joanne Daniel I hear it was very
exciting uncomfortable I asked them a
lot of personal questions I got in their
personal space I asked them if they
wanna have a threesome with me so guys
please go to the podcast I'll put it
down there soundcloud.com associated
friends see you guys later hands of you
guys I'm here with mother and we are
making the gayest video Oh the gayest
video ever on YouTube we're watching
what gay porn yeah now I honestly don't
really watch gay porn I don't watch
lesbian porn my search terms are
homemade young couple sad in love but
mad at each other I love hip-hop oh
those are the best I just experienced
that not long ago yeah so might you
watch the tape yes okay so my channel
were gonna be watching gay porn on his
channel we're watching lesbian porn
because you've never seen that so I'm
nervous you're gonna teach me the ways
of gay of gay okay so like terms I want
to know like positions I want to know
like dangerous things like rosebuds I
want to know all of it baby okay I'll
give it to you a lot I'll get it all to
you give it to me
all right so here we go now I can't show
you guys what watching cuz last time I
did that I got trouble so we're just
gonna let you hear it and we're gonna
explain what's happening what is scab
there's gonna be like dude about a pow
okay they're kissing there so two guys
hopefully in love making out - touching
nipples he's touching his he's taking a
shirt off touch his nipples touching his
arms oh they have books in their room
though I can't see it but they're
fucking in front of a pile of books his
gay people are smart well look at him
get in that ass how I'm dude first of
all I can't do that now so she had
cripple she crypt Oh blows over oh man a
dick Oh see isn't it what did he just do
which is happen if you spit his hand a
bit somewhere they're using a blue you'd
never know oh oh so he's getting it the
buzzer bouncing balls are bouncing his
balls are huge yeah those are like my
oh really you think uh yeah well love I
think he's in hey no he loves it it was
the face of love I've never seen that
face I guess I've never been in love
next time I see this face
oh he's nibbling on us you're the lobe
you that who's gonna finish first I
think he's already finished this one
focused on wearing his socks okay people
were fashionable alright okay he needs
to finish fast forward oh oh I just
finished him off with a blow job
that's the worst wait he just blew him
after he was in his ass is that normal
yeah Oh like not evil Purell Oh like
this hand hand wipe that would burn how
oh he's eating his ass he's chewing it
oh oh my god I think I can't do when
he's chewing it like a sandwich is he
gonna find it off wait he's done he just
left
do you hear that he's like I'm gonna go
and I guys like okay is that how this
ends hi guys is like my Felicia oh yeah
around the corner no no they actually
they have to starve themselves if
they're gonna eat you pull a game on
because if you have Chipotle you're
gonna have the shits but who cares if
you love each other if somebody shot on
you would you still love them actually I
did I mean I still loved him I've never
shot on someone I should pinch it on
I had full-on soft starter points like
they got up it was just like oh my god
uh don't type in some stuff wait what is
scanning like shit
Oh take that gay shit yeah I like a shit
perverted shit point oh my god that one
that one carrots oh that one's called
carrots out I don't know what that means
I don't get carrots coming out oh my god
oh my god oh my god what is happening oh
no oh no that happened to you that
happened to you Oh
come on show me much poop and I've never
seen it before like that
Oh his butt like making them faces
what's going O people do that oh my god
I need more this one's called shit jack
no no he's checking off with his poo oh
no oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god I'm like oh my god oh my god he took
a turd he took a turd and he put it on
his penis I can I'm just turning
literally my eyes is oh my god okay
let's move on wait what's felching what
does that mean like farting belching
like you fart in a mouth and you're
burning off kind of you kind of part in
the mouth okay
pig licked bareback ass and sup come out
of it oh let's start with a 15-minute
preview of just the best cuts
oh he just made it just squirted he
chose it's like a big pimple that ha oh
god he's eating it he's eating I'm
selling it hi the question is actually
himself say I need a positive now for me
personally right the second after I come
even sometimes while I'm coming you're
not into it I'm not into it and
everything makes me sick I want to kill
me literally yeah it's called
masturbation remorse yes so how could
you come and then eat it out of a poopy
ass I'm honestly really know some people
do that in real life like they just do
it well alright
no judgement but Wow I'm always like
sitting down like a toilet oh it's just
seeping out a little bit of drizzle oh
oh okay he's fucking his butt okay
alright that's fine he's gagging the
butt to call me Oh Oh a little turds
cannot oh stop it back in though classy
oh it's like somebody eating cereal I
hate it oh I don't like gonna pull
spaced out like it like this
oh it's like a volcano okay okay Merry
Christmas we're moving on I think I get
it
belching belching don't try this at home
kids or do all right give me one more
something crazy I want to know what you
what you're into
slutty twink destroying his rosebud I
want to see somebody die okay he's
wearing some cute little rainbow box up
those that read his underwear have a
whole worthy asses which for me is great
pooping is that oh he's like pulling it
apart like making some kind of like he
turned it into a pussy is that how sex
changes that's what you just did oh my
god oh my god that's hemorrhoids right I
kings of fat it up blood he should get
that check and this is how you turn it
into a vagina oh yeah it has teeth Oh
what is it looks like a penis but like
an alien penis Oh Robbie just wait wait
why is it changing colors it used to be
red but I think he's putting so much
pressure on it is you're like a purple
wall Oh Merry Christmas mom
what does he want from it the whole
thing just he wants Wow
how does it end oh he's playing the
drums on it oh and then he play the
drums you've not even enjoyed his penis
is totally soft
oh he just punched it you just literally
punched it but have you ever seen you've
seen the guy who get fucked by the horse
yeah a long time ago that's a cousin
like I died yeah well you guys go that
way that's watching gay porn I think I'm
gonna stick to my sad couples straight
couples Oh
maybe open up yeah try some gays and
couples I like that yeah really yeah
that girl's right
actually when I lost my virginity he was
crying why cuz he said it was so
beautiful oh and then I was like let me
just fuck you like I'm all over this
shit no I mean it was okay for the first
like five minutes but then you just like
stop fucking crying I don't think I want
to be with you I need someone more
sensitive are you gonna cry the whole
time try together okay cry into your ass
and drink it out yeah well guys go read
his channel subscribe and check out the
video we do where we watch lesbian porn
also make sure to subscribe here cuz I
make new videos every single day give
this video a thumbs up and all that
other shit
and if you give your thumbs up maybe
I'll give to you a thumbs up you know
what saying never mind it you're too
young
all right you guys I'm having a buzz we
have anyway and then after the podcast
I'm gonna hang out with Drew
to work on some videos and see his new
apartment what she just moved into so
that'll be fun and hang out on my
scooter so it's gonna be a fun day right
scooter fuck you you fat piece of shit
hahahaha we have fun
