hey what's up you guys um I wasn't going
to make a video because I didn't want
this to look like I'm trying to get
views because I'm crying and whatever
it's it's literally not about that
I just knew if I didn't make this video
I would regret it because Wes Craven was
such a big part of my life and the
reason I'm here today the reason I'm
well not the reason I'm in this random
parking lot
the reason I'm pursuing my dream of
making movies and you know I found out
he died about an hour ago and I was in
shock and I had a podcast to do so I
couldn't react I had to get to work I
just had to do the podcast and and then
it hit me when I got into my car and I
just thought about what that meant you
know him gone what that means and I know
it sounds crazy but scream was the most
influential movie to me ever and I know
Titanic I always say it's my favorite
movie and it is scream is my favorite
movie in a different way probably even
more than Titanic it is the movie I saw
and I became obsessed with movies I
wanted to be in that world I wanted to I
mean that sounds crazy because it's a
movie about people getting killed but I
just wanted to be a part of it I
remember buying the costume I remember
watching it every single day every
single day which probably scared my mom
but I literally would watch them would I
get up go to school come home and while
I was doing my homework I put the VHS in
and I'd watch it and I know every line
and I still watch it now I watched it
two weeks ago and that movie made me say
I want to make movies one day I want to
be like Wes Craven I want to make scary
movies you know which
okay sorry I don't want to cry too much
because that's like too much but I got
the chance to meet him in 2010 one of
the producers of scream 4 saw my videos
or I don't know the true story
they say West all my videos but it's
probably producer and and he wanted me
to come in and audition for lead one of
the lead parts and I came in I
auditioned and it went really well and
then he talked to me after and was just
like tell me about this YouTube thing
and I was just I was so nervous and I
was like you're my inspiration you're
the reason I'm doing this and and and
after that I went home and I got the
call saying I got a callback and I went
back and I did another audition and and
then there was some studio issues they
didn't want to youtuber the movie which
back then it was just youtubers weren't
a thing and I totally get it I mean I
was I was sad but I got it and but I
still kept in touch with him and and he
invited me to the premiere and and he
gave me advice about making movies and
following my heart and I think that's
the hardest thing was I have always
wanted to make scary movies it's all I
wanted to do some of you guys know that
a lot of you don't because you just see
me on YouTube doing these dumb videos
and eating chips and you know collabing
and you know all that stuff which I love
doing but I want to make scary movies I
want that's all I want and I always
thought that one day I'd make one and I
thought that he would come to the
premiere but now I'm mad at myself
because I'm like fuck why did I wait
this long why I could have made a scary
movie two years ago I instead of not
cool I could have done that and I'm not
I'm not regretting not cool I love that
movie but I'm a fucking horror director
that's what I want to do that's what I'm
going to do and this today this
moment finding out that my hero died
fucking just let the fire under me and
it's crazy because this week I was
talking to Drew and I was like dude I
want to make a scary movie I'm fucking
done with this shit I want to fucking
make a scary movie and I wanted to freak
the fuck out of people and I want to be
funny and scary and I want people to
think differently about me and I don't
want them just to see me as a youtuber I
want them to actually respect what I'm
doing and now today finding out that I'm
ready I'm not waiting any longer
my next movie is going to be a scary
fucking movie and it's dedicated to Wes
Craven because that motherfucker that
motherfucker was fucking awesome change
my life I don't want to make them proud
so that's what I'm going to do so this
video is kind of embarrassing fuck it
Wes Craven I love you and thank you for
making all the movies you made ya know
here's to the next fuckin step and I
hope you guys like whatever movie I'm
going to make and I hope it scares the
shit out of you all right I want to go
and I love you and I know
