hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
instance the popular band One Direction
is set to be taking an extended break
sometime next year this does sound a bit
like something parents would say when
they're separating might get divorce
they're not sure and they don't want to
freak the kids out so instead they just
say sweetie honey just think of this as
an extended break we don't know when the
break will end but maybe this is a good
thing like a struggling relationship a
break might be the answer after all so I
did more research on one direction than
I have ever done and come up with a list
of 9 things the band members will now be
able to do that they weren't able to do
before the break let's just dive right
in number one they will have a lot more
time for growing out their hair and if
Harry continues at the rate he is it
might start sweeping the floor number
two they might have more time to cut
their hair if that's the direction they
choose to go number three they could
test out getting a part-time job maybe a
subway or a cute local coffee shop to
discover if that light is more appealing
than being a part of a powerhouse
boyband
number four all the band members can get
together in a room every day during the
break and refresh the drag me down music
video and an attempt to get as many
views as gone on style number 5 the band
members can take a little bit more time
to tweet more often I mean sometimes
they won't tweet for a week at a time
excuse me One Direction where is that
artsy pick up your morning oatmeal and
bed your fans gotta know number six the
Irish one can figure out a way to be a
little bit more British or he might have
to leave the boyband I mean the token
ethnically ambiguous one was the first
to go so he's the next logical step
number seven one of them is gonna be a
dad he can take the time to go play
catch with his K and barbeque a few
steaks braid their hair it's 2015
traditional dad roles are dead
number eight maybe with this down time
to think hashtag Larry will actually
come true you never know and finally
number nine each band member can take
the time to read and reread the letter
joey fatone tweeted to their account
the letter itself is interesting
basically joey fatone let's see members
of one direction know that not
everything is going to go according to
plan after the temporary breakup that is
a beautiful piece of modern art that
deserves to be recognized he's actually
charged with a list full episode of
uncom hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you
enjoyed this episode give it a thumbs up
be sure to check out my youtube channel
and social media all the links are in
the description they're fun question of
the day are you a directioner and either
way what do you think of the One
Direction split let me know by leaving a
comment I'll see you guys next Sunday
with a brand new episode of bomb.com so
good huh
