hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is
destory I spent almost $500 on a giant
Totoro plushie he keeps me warm at night
but this is what the fuck news we talked
about the news that makes you question
your own existence the first story that
I want to talk about today is Deez Nuts
Deez Nuts ahh daddy
ahh and before you're like Destry I knew
you were immature but I did not know
this bad well first it is this bad
you're talking about a guy whose lap the
hardest he's ever laughed in his life
because a guy had his shoe on backwards
how is that funny but secondly the
reason that we're talking about Deez
Nuts today is that these nuts is
actually a candidate for president and
before you vote for him I'm sure you
want to get to know Deez Nuts
what are his political views what can we
expect if the country is to be run by
Deez Nuts well apparently we can't
expect anything because sadly Deez Nuts
isn't a real person and was instead
created by a 15 year old Iowa farm boy
by the name of Bradley Olsen to fuck
with America out of his trolling know
deez nutz now has a nine percent
approval rating it is now the third
highest rated candidate behind Donald
Trump and Hillary Clinton also in the
polling deez nutz got a 13 percent
favorability rating and 81% of those
polled were unsure about how they felt
about Deez Nuts when asked why he did it
Olson says what I heard about the story
of the cat and Kentucky that is running
for president that's when I realized I
could do this obviously because Deez
Nuts is only a 15 year old boy he
couldn't actually run for president or
you know get accepted into office but
Deez Nuts will always be a candidate in
my heart that's some of the fun news if
you're one of those people that likes to
sit in doors and watch Netflix while
masturbating for several hours on end
don't feel too ashamed because the list
was compiled earlier this week of nine
other animals that masturbate other than
humans and the results were actually
quite shocking in the top five we have
number one on the list as monkeys our
primate cousins being the pioneers of
masturbating with almost 80 species of
monkey that tickle the flesh too as well
as 50 species of female monkey that do
the deed some even using sticks and
rocks as makeshift dildos wow what a
fascinating world we live in there's
monkeys using sticks for dildos and
you're sitting there watching a video
about
guy talking about monkeys using sticks
for dildos I might need to rethink my
life number two on the list is dolphins
and while they don't have hands like
monkeys can often be seen rubbing their
genitals on the sea floor or on the
sides of their glass cages if they're in
captivity as if to say hey you like this
shit come and get free on the list is
walruses who use their front flippers to
stroke themselves on the land or in the
water and are known to have one of the
biggest penis sizes on the planet
followed only by yours truly I'm just
kidding it's really small number four on
the list is penguins who are not only
known for their masturbation rituals but
also necrophilia and child abuse I'm not
making that up by the way but some male
penguins can be found masturbating with
other male penguins than spewing their
penguin baby gravy all over the ground
and last on the list is Turtles who have
known to have the weirdest looking
penises I've ever fuckin seen and often
about things like rocks and shoes to
masturbate or they just think that rocks
and shoes are just really unresponsive
female turtles I don't know also turtle
sex sounds are hilarious and it is
because of those sounds that have
adopted the new saying baby you make me
moan like a masturbating turtle because
ladies don't tell me that that would be
attractive if you guys don't like that
in fact that's pretty much what I sound
like when I have sex I have no idea why
I'm still single so anyways just from a
baby big that you hit rock bottom and
that you'll be forever alone because you
masturbated to a tube sock three times a
day just remember at least you're not
trying to fuck a shoe
along with bum news covered a lot of
dumb criminals doing dumb crimes but I
think today I might've found the dumbest
criminal ever that goes to a girl who
feed her ex-boyfriend and his
girlfriend's car saying the word of war
apparently she couldn't spell the word
whore and then admitted through text
that she did it and then denied that she
did it to the police was released from
police custody and then took a snapchat
outside the police station with the
caption saying Stanford police got
nothing on me Wow yeah I don't think you
get how a crime works you don't commit a
murder and then be like hey everyone
look
I just murdered someone and then be like
oh my god I didn't say that what wait
why am I going to jail also who can't
spell the word a for its 2015 but you
know fucking confuse the people whose
car you can probably one oh my god my
car wait what does that say war war war
or I don't understand what does this
mean House about the story hilarious
because literally this exact same thing
happened to me like a few years ago my
friend trying to key a guy's car trying
to touch my ex-girlfriend at a party and
so he tried to write raper
on his car okay a raper is not a word
it's actually rapist so and B he put two
peas in the word so we ended up writing
rapper the guy was really like wow
someone thinks I'm such a good rapper he
wrote it on my car damn I'm awesome
anyways the 20 year old Shannon Sevilla
from Stanford Connecticut lead the guys
car because apparently he had cheated on
her with his now girlfriend and this was
the best way to get back at him you know
just basic bitch drama anyways after her
snapchat story was shown to the police
they apparently had enough evidence to
arrest her for first-degree criminal
mischief where she was later released on
a $10,000 bail lastly in some movie news
since these d23 Expo is a couple weeks
ago it showcases all of the awesome
things that Disney's been working on
from movies and parks and TV shows so
just to recap Disney announced Toy Story
4 which apparently is not a direct
continuation of Toy Story 3 and will
instead focus on a love story between Bo
Peep and woody is some sort of romantic
comedy that's The Incredibles 2 as
announced which will be a continuation
of the first movie that was released in
2004 and apparently will take place
roughly 10 years after the events of the
first movie also there were some details
on finding dory the sequel to Finding
Nemo that stars the awesome Ellen
DeGeneres again as Dory
and apparently according to Ellen has a
very anti SeaWorld theme to it next a
new Pixar movie called gigantic was
announced which apparently is a
retelling of Jack and the Beanstalk some
more details were announced of Pirates
of the Caribbean 5 which apparently has
Jack Sparrow up against Poseidon also
Orlando Bloom returns to the cast to
play the new Davy Jones but apparently
looks nothing like Orlando Bloom but why
he's gorgeous I mean I'm not gay but
he's gorgeous but those were just some
of the things announced this year at d23
and honestly I cannot wait being a Pixar
fans since Toy Story 1 and a Disney fan
since fucking Aladdin I will pretty much
watch whatever they make but that is it
for this
what the fuck dudes a question of the
day for you guys is if you could
nominate anyone to be president who
would it be and why leave your answers
in the comments down below all of
today's stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links including my facebook twitter
and my youtube at youtube.com slash cap
desta so make sure to check that shit
out I won't stab you in the throat it's
just a butter knife it won't actually
hurt but still do it that being said I
will see you next time for another what
the fuck news thanks for watching and
Fairwinds
