okay so Joey black doesn't like one of
your friends what about Joey's friends
everybody's really sweet it what's up
that's my answer what I hate no ha hey
whatever guys yes I look amazing it's
opposite day and I'm also wearing my
Trisha Paytas shirt slow Queen I am
about to take a poo poo and then take a
shower that's a lie I'm just gonna take
a poo poo and then rub baby wipes all
over my face then I'm going to go to my
podcast which I haven't been to in like
10 weeks because of my leg and then flu
and blah blah blah so the podcast is
with Joey we are going to talk on the
podcast about Joey being gay me being bi
so that'll be fun if you're watching
this vlog the podcast is already up I'll
put the link down there you can listen
to it and then after the podcast I'm
gonna hang out with Drew to work on some
videos and see his new apartment what
she just moved into so that'll be fun
and hang out on my scooter so it's gonna
be a fun day right scooter fuck you you
fat piece of shit ha ha ha ha we have
fun guys guess what we just sent our
first podcast in ten weeks how did it go
yes Joey and Daniel here it was very
exciting uncomfortable I asked them a
lot of personal questions I got in their
personal space I asked them if they
won't have a threesome with me one of
them answered honestly the other one
lied it was a lot of fun oh my god is
any of your video uh I don't know I'm
like I'm like debating it like if it's
good enough oh uh what was your favorite
moment was your least your helmet um
when I admitted that I was on drugs
right now don't give away the story you
guys have to listen to pockets find out
what was your at least what was your
favorite moment the entire thing
honestly um I'd say throwing shade at
other youtubers that was everything see
that's the kind of shit that's gonna
make this go at the beginning of the
blogs that now least-favorite I love the
whole thing it's so good guys there was
a couple uncomfortable moments with Joey
I'm excited for to listen back to those
there was a moment where I forgot that
we were recording and I started talking
as a normal person and getting really
shady and then I had to tone it back
what was your favorite moment um my
favorite moment was meeting these two
delightful delightful oh there you go
I'm spilling my coffee
where you have Nutella yes she literally
she spelt the t's so hard everywhere all
over my notes so guys please go through
the podcast I'll put it down there
soundcloud.com / native friends and
leave a comment telling me what your
favorite part was I know my favorite
part was probably talking about VidCon
and getting it going in going hard in
the Perry talking about drunk youtubers
talking about all of it so paint you
don't play sports even know what that
means I oughta Steve no I have no idea
jenna Marbles those are in the paint is
when you take it hard to the basketball
hole you go boom boom in the paint
really in my head I thought it meant
like painting a house and like painting
a room and like Trading Spaces and going
hard
I like notate going hard to paint so
hard to paint and like not measuring and
like not putting tape strips like
fucking going over the outlets like just
going fucking hard hey you painted your
own room I did what your youtuber what
are you doing highness that let's be
rich she taped the edges this is a DIY
was it a DIY no but it was really cool
paint really looks like it's um suede
yeah no interesting no I would have paid
somebody do that
I don't even drive bitch um see you guys
later man to be guys it is later at
night I am in an alleyway sitting on my
scooter because Drew is having a very
serious conversation on the phone over
there I don't think it's see him
you know I'm just living my alley life
just experiencing the smell of pee the
tears of hookers that's all hooker tears
and the serious drew Mountain phone face
can't see him but he is serious guys
look who's back
is this a vlog is this a start I walk in
an alley this has been an ongoing vlog
today you're just the end of it oh how
was it guys yeah I feel like you're not
giving me the best angle you're really
flattering yourself and oh yeah that's
so flattering well it's like an obvious
bad one you know yeah like it could be
an accident that this happened
this is something no you're growing a
beard no no no no but yeah it is that's
a beard no it's not what do you think a
beard is hair somewhere else this is a
beard oh I didn't know oh yeah we're
standing in alley right now I am sitting
on my scooter a lot of people are making
a mean comments as they pass me but we
do a lot of people make mean comments to
me and my scooter why do you think that
is honestly that's a weird question to
just make me answer really quickly it's
very psychological like I don't really
know I guess they're insecure or they
got caught off guard they they want to
explain why they made a face at you they
don't want to just leave it at like like
what's that so you know I why they did
that today I got kicked out of a gas
station and the woman told me I didn't
fit didn't fit in the gas station
because my scooter is that's
discrimination
you thought that losing all the way make
that stop happening
it didn't know what made it worse yeah
now you're so tiny you can just fall all
over the place motivating everything is
over oh this will be a good thumbnail in
title something sad like I'm
discriminated against homophobia
homophobia people are mad cuz I'm
bisexual
is it homophobia VIN something it's
bisexuals biphobia really
I love that I'm by phone base or
Wikipedia page four and everything fuck
yeah okay yeah I've been having with my
phobia I've been dealing with a lot of
biphobia some now right now cuz out them
hand position looks good pick up in the
alley is like really emotional
they've got why is he in the alley did
the biphobia happen there did he get
left in an alley all the by phobics came
by and just beat the shit out of em and
he's already out there back there back
there back but you guys have to stop
it's not fair to them he doesn't deserve
it you guys all right you guys well
we're gonna go be by and they all by all
over each other and not care what people
think
do you guys later bye bye bye phobic so
I thought it'd be fun if I did a little
apartment tour since I've been spending
a lot of time in here haven't we wheelie
oh we've been getting to know each other
a lot a lot so glad I came out for you
