hey you guys yes I am currently on my
scooter just wheeling around and I
realized that I haven't actually done an
apartment tour I kind of did like a year
ago where I showed you guys my living
room and my kitchen but I was at the
time pretending like this was my office
so I wasn't showing you guys like the
bedroom or the bathroom because if I did
you'd be like Shane why is your bed in
your office well I don't want to see
that what actually makes sense because I
sleep on the job a lot I call it
research because like dreams are just
like researching for video ideas like
most of my ideas for my videos come from
my dreams
they also come from my childhood and
from a mixture of medications I'm on at
the moment but whatever so I thought
it'd be fun if I did a little apartment
tour since I've been spending a lot of
time in here haven't we wheelie oh we've
been getting to know each other a lot a
lot so glad I came out for you okay
let's get started so let's start in the
entrance which I might have shown before
but here it is I don't know if you can
see it but there is two huge stains on
the floor I have no idea what they are
I'm pretty sure they were here when I
moved in I'm assuming maybe a cat gave
birth to a litter or more likely
somebody got murdered here's my two
movie posters I have Kill Bill and
Jurassic Park here I have a picture that
Trish got me for my birthday that I
still need to hang up right there
and then also my friend Kate got me the
scream mask then that leads us to the
kitchen
yes I have a lot of trash I also have
this I don't know why so here I have a
picture that looks like corny I have
some alcohol inside of a skeleton just
to remind me what drinking does makes
you skinny and it kills you I've already
shown that I've already shown all of
this but this is my dick and my Khan mug
you know bisexual awareness I also have
my Tricia superficial bitch cup that I
drink my coffee every morning so I can
poop and I put it on top of my Tricia
coaster which is a weird feeling to put
my drink on top of one of my friends
boobs that is a feeling I like I also
have my Jesus candle to protect me
family from the trash because there's a
lot of things spoiled in there and
probably getting an infections from
reading it in I have these all around my
house they look like flesh lights um I
don't know what they are
I think Drew got them for me from
everything but I really like the look on
people's faces when they see them laying
around my house of course I have my
Titanic snow globe it comes with me
everywhere I go and inside of my
cabinets
it's really bad I open this cabinet the
other day and three glasses fell out and
just shattered
all over the floor which I still haven't
really cleaned up yet but whatever just
more injuries right wolf okay well I'm
not the cleanest um there's a lot I also
have a lot of animal print bowls I don't
really know why and that's not a cup but
I use it as one Eddie likes his Coke
Zero I also like to use um fake forks
that I can throw away because I'm too
lazy to do dishes ya know I never do
dishes this is what gave me stomach flu
all right let's roll on over to the
bathroom guys coochie-coochie-coochie
boom-boom yes this is the bathroom a lot
happening another flashlight these are
all my creams these are all the things
that don't fix my face
nope nothing will fix that my shower
currently as Drew puts it looks like a
bathroom for an old lady who is dying I
have my stool that I have to bathe on
and then I have my jar that I pee into
and pour into the toilet I have my sock
that I use to wash down my arms and my
legs and I have this big condom that I
have to wrap around on my cast to not
get watering that the glamorous life of
a youtube star who's dying and than that
yeah we don't talk about that okay so
this is my living room which pretty much
all of you guys have seen in my videos
this is well this is a thing I needed
extra seating and my brother brought
this out from the patio and I can't take
it back because I can't grab on to it
though it's here whenever a friend comes
over and they want to feel like a crazy
person sitting in a nest you're welcome
I have my TV and I have my skeleton my
favorite movie of all time well one of
my favorite movies of all time scream I
had this script um over there I had a
candle and a dog bed and these are all
my shirts that I wear when I'm filming
so like I'll just take off my shirt put
on a different shirt and pretend like
it's a different day also if you saw the
footage of me taking off my shirt you
would unsubscribe alright let's move on
to the bedroom
I'm really shown all of this but this is
where all the magic happens and by magic
I mean peeing in a bottle again but over
here I have just some of my youtuber
books I have them kind of spread out
randomly these are the newest ones I got
so it's mine Joey is Justine's Marissa
and trash down here I have a collection
of pillows and blankets and one of each
shoe because I can only wear one shoe
right now so that's sad I have a gift
from my friend Kate which is this really
cool film real thing that you can put
like bottles in how much toys kids toys
for video I was going to do and I never
did it so now I just have bags of kid
toys and then my bedside table I'm going
to kind of blur that out because I think
all of that has my address on it but
it's a lot of pills a bottle of pee
bottle of water and yes I wear sleep
masks because I'm a fancy fancy sad
person my closet is a disaster I don't
even know where to start I don't know
what it's separated into I think these
are wet clothes because either they're
from the gym they're from my sleep
because I sweat a lot or I fell in a
puddle or I missed my bottle when I peed
on myself so wet clothes dry clothes for
some reason a lot of briefcases and then
a lot of the other one shoes from these
one shoes I'm not gonna open my drawers
because I'm honestly scared of what's in
there actually thank you I'm gonna open
them I'm not gonna show you oh my god
yeah I'm not gonna show you this but um
it's an Apple watch that's one thing
that I've never ever used is guess what
they're pointless that's about it for
that and then my bad now this bed is I
really fancy it's all from a very very
fancy store called Target and dumb if
you wear a pink shirt you sweat a lot
that's what happens and if you watch a
lot of porn that's what happens so you
guys go that was my really cool really
fun really crazy apartment tour
hopefully enjoy that I need to clean
this because it's starting to look like
a serial killer lives here also a
wallpaper is not helping looks like I
have people buried in there all right
I'm gonna go hope you guys enjoyed to
our own with me I enjoyed touring with
you and I will see you tomorrow make
sure to subscribe because I make new
videos so physical day give this video a
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow I
love you guys come back anytime unless
you don't want to and I understand now
you can leave is that you oh my god
these are fast I love it wait I think
they just hopped over the barricade
tommy's way too sweet to be like girl
can you please get the fuck out of here
