oh my god oh my god running if it goes
for God okay doing good you're like yes
would you feel like guys guess what
I know what do you know what wait what
wait you know I'm on the couch watching
Wendy Williams okay here's the thing I
don't care about anything but what I
really don't care about is trophies I've
never had a trophy in my life actually
nope that's a lie I got like an
honorable mention one when I was in
t-ball oh you also got one for a hundred
thousand subscribers and a million
subscribers no I think he means growing
up because he well overweight do you
have any friends didn't play sports
wasn't engaged didn't have a family that
he didn't have trophies okay so I just
received the dormant play button what
does that mean I don't know I'm not
PewDiePie I don't get it so they dropped
it off I have not looked at it here's
the thing I did not want to do a video
about this but I noticed that a lot of
youtubers do them and then I felt bad
like I have to because YouTube's gonna
be like why do you do video the fucking
money so my idea for the video is open
it up cry huh cut to a montage of my 10
years on YouTube realize it only took
Jake Paul six months to get 7 million
subs and it took me 10 years and then
put it back in the box put in my closet
and literally never look at it again
it's right there's a boat just move the
bone and there it is oh this is waiting
oh my god I'm gonna make You this is
weighty and we didn't get a good me I'm
feeling better about myself okay alright
let's bring it over here
bring me my button very carefully lay it
down careful whew that's heavy don't
touch it
only me woman it shocks me you have a
hundred thousand scumbag all right get
me unboxing it let me read an excerpt of
my book god wow do you have a vagina
and I said maybe cool New York Times
bestseller pick it up at Target high
real fun working with you Shane Oh
it has a lot of genius in the fridge
while you're out there with a smile on
top of my would you relevant piece of
shit should I wipe up my heart you
deserve a drink
thank you memes I was gonna make a joke
but I'm pretty sure him more subscribers
why do you think they would send them to
play buttons are just one that they'd
have to split in half I want them to
split me what do you think they put like
a light in there or something what about
a smoke machine
that's not someone that was cute
did you get my smoke machine it's
learning oh well the smoke machine is
loading why don't we do a quick mansion
tour I don't think you cleaned for this
and how many of them work neither of
them work but it's fine I don't drive
anyways I are you gonna show the messy
closet or this is well I like to call it
a Museum of my fame sinead a retired is
that the scream conspiracy pillow if he
is a god I had an artist make this for
me that's me holding my play button Oh
weird it's my diary
dude diary I don't have time for you
this is a book that my significant other
bought well just a book like that Luke
God read this if you want to be
Instagram famous Oh too late
okay smoke me Romo control oh let me fan
you sir yes here we go children at home
wishing that you were YouTube star you
ready
I do it slowly so we can put like cool
bike build up music in the Edit okay no
it's wrinkled what is this D shade this
is all gonna be made up wow you are the
best youtuber on youtube.com PewDiePie
stop quaking can we see that shake we
just see that first sentence still
reading it's dirty
why is it dirty well it was in your
closet under a dog bone what do you
think this is me their strategy was like
let's make it heavy silly me I would
have picked a different fart but I'll
take an aerial Italica would have been
nice and there it is ten years can I ask
you one question hmm
was it worth it yeah has the Queen left
the building or no this is really cool
listen keeping it real I never thought I
would get anything like this mainly
because at an inspirational speech music
it'll help I never thought this would
happen for me mainly because as a poor
sad fat kid coming from nothing I always
thought one day I'd be a serial killer
and
so to end up on YouTube which is almost
like a person and be killing it in views
I guess I did get what I wanted
thanks YouTube I wish I cared more about
trophies here's the thing I feel weird I
didn't want to make a video about this
because I feel weird yeah it is really
sweet no don't worry it's not real
alright are you ready for this let's
play I had this really fancy water hot
water this night is gonna add with some
trying to blow a torture island I think
hot water still it's not released yet
hear that that's a success like what's
your most expensive alcohol you wanna
give it a shot I guess I could take a
shot of it hold on let me go to mind
corner just the kitchen corner no you
might have seen this video trying crazy
pizza good help is hard to find he's
your boyfriend so boyfriend assistant
man it easy what kind of look sure this
is gonna be dark you haven't killed
yourself yet thank you make a wish
Oh witch well here's to a lot a million
for the Queen wishes are supposed to be
parking me giving to a millions honey we
don't need a glass of me a diamond oh my
god I was kind of thinking we'd all take
shots out there but oh did you bring
your hundred thousand subscriber button
no I forgot that you can eat pudding off
it later let's give it a go up let me
set it on my counter
I think she's purple don't talk about
her head spun wait a minute Shane
weren't you in a talk about commercial I
was roll the clip new way to
do you think we could maybe play one of
you I don't know hit songs while you
dress up your play button please play
super love the branding did a commercial
for four years ago and hasn't even do so
playing play she's Betty for the
streamys oh wait a minute
weren't you nominated for the streamys I
was now this videos going out after the
awards but I'm assuming I won the MA
wise is gonna win for sure my feet and
kissed my toes and she is ready for a
business meeting
why does my butt look better than me we
should make love on it us I thought I
was your assistant yes don't touch it
let me change into something a little
more comfortable
Shayne where's your play button it's in
the drawer so rather than put it there
when I'm a prank channel that was good
thinking
pranks are big ok button I missed you
here's what I want you to do shove it up
your butt you guys want me leave or just
set the camera I want you to get a
close-up tell me your favorite moment of
my youtube career I really read your
drain case tell me who you think little
Makayla is it's cold I just need to grab
a blanket thank God I had this lying
around God people of my neighborhood I
know what you're thinking no one's
listening why is this house not bigger
wider than you have a Tesla why doesn't
he have a show on Netflix and the answer
would be I don't know but don't worry he
has a button here's to us that was sweet
my neighbor's hate me I'm just kidding
in all seriousness thank you guys so
much and I was obviously making a lot of
jokes but it really does mean a lot to
me thank you so much YouTube thank you
you guys for watching my videos
and I can't believe I've been doing this
for 10 years I love you guys thank you
you too and here's to 10 more years
Shane no what are you doing that we're
gonna blow torch it god Shane just the
corner and for a second
I'm two two months it is go on okay
honestly I feel like this is part of
like my thing
it is you're thinking it's fun and guys
he's not you're not gonna destroy you're
not gonna destroy you're just gonna do a
corner real quick maybe this little
corner right here yeah oh it's like me
it's like damaged that was fun Shane
good night oh my god you begin bad wait
wait are you really gonna get it no I'm
not taking my shirt off you can put on
tuned awesome much
Oh Garrett do I have a treat for you you
get to wear my famous shirt wait hold on
just to show that we're in this together
in our journey of our new company you're
getting in fits doughnut I'm jumping
into here's 20 million boy you are doing
this are you that's my god
okay
