hey what's up you guys so I have a
confession um this is a really hard
video for me to make some might even
call it my second coming out video oh
definitely not my last I don't know shit
about fifth harmony I don't I don't get
it I don't know what the words mean I
don't know who's in it I don't know what
the fifth harmony means I don't know
what kind of song is they sing I know
they have a lot of hair they have so
much hair I know I follow them on
Twitter and a few can follow me back and
I know they've been really really sweet
I know they were on x-factor that's how
I know them I remember on the expect her
they were on it one girl had a huge bow
in her hair they kept singing that
annoying ass song anything didn't happen
and the only thing I wanted to happen
was to die and they did win I don't
think but then they went on to make the
CD and now they have a lot of fans that
they call the Harmonizers that's all I
know so I want to educate myself because
a lot of people love them and I'm like
hey what am I missing out on maybe I'm
gonna love it
or maybe I'll hate it and then all the
Harmonizers will be mad at me and I'll
be screaming at me but in harmony let's
get started
okay so I feel like the first thing I
should do is google their faces now I've
seen them like separately some of them
on Twitter but I haven't seen that many
group photos so let's see
fifth harmony whoo fifth harmony shades
of grey that'd be good but then Simon
Cowell would be like a possum No oh wow
well I was right they have a lot of hair
so much hair look at that one I had that
way okay I'm talking that way from a
mile away girl wow that's a nice one
though I couldn't afford it
she looks like she just popped out of a
JCPenney commercial like she looks a
little too smart to be there like she
went to college and this girl's like
bitch I didn't go to college
I own the college and this girl's like
College what's that I'm still in eighth
grade and this girl's like I'm their mom
ha ha ha sorry girl yeah yeah yeah I
listen listen this video means no hey
it's a harmony 5 of them I love this oh
look at them here you know what the one
thing I like is that they don't figure
out what pose or face they're all gonna
do like I feel like in a group
everybody's supposed to be like oh no no
we should all do the face or none other
than we should do that punk faith and
then after that Robin do the face and
then they're like you know what fuck it
just every different face every
different pose no coordination but I
kind of like that it's natural
Lou this is a good one this is the one
where they're trying to have fun this
girl's look oh she's the mom of the
group she's
in the sacrum alarm safe they're about
to get into a car accident she's like
girls hold on I like this one this one
has given me fuckin Jane the Virgin
hotel heiress model for Skechers she
looks like she ain't too much having the
fun she's like I didn't come here to
play I came here to work and this one's
like can I get a workers part of it did
I mention I'm 12 okay now it's time to
watch a music video okay this song is
worth it I think I've heard this song I
don't know it really and I've never seen
the video this should be fun okay oh
wait what wait I have a lot of I have a
lot of thoughts so far okay you know I'm
gonna keep playing well before I keep
playing it what are they dancing in
front of what is that they're in front
of like a oh it's a stock market okay
but they're in front of like a
calculator app is like damn what's a
budget on this okay
what was she getting it from behind see
what happens when the video keeps going
oh god a lot camera shaking
oh he's scary
what is the tattoos on his head bring it
back oh she's scary - who was that girl
with the hike with the contacts she's
not deformity issue they're a scary
couple a little bit like a good scary
couple like like they're evil or
something but like in a good way like
they're evil but like they kill people
didn't kill bad people he let me oh
those tattoos next to his eyes that's
too much he looks like a snake oh my god
they all look like snakes
why did I have snake contacts that's not
good harmony right that's like they're
evil ants
oh there's my favorite so you got the
same guys to who this video is scary
interesting choice I don't know much
about makeup but that's interesting to
have like a purple around your lip
that's red that's interesting
no make a pun of it just ever see that
oh my god she's on my scooter she's on
my crippled scooter oh that's what I'm
gonna sing when I ride around give it to
me I want it and buy give it to me I
mean pity I need more of it alright
let's watch a different one okay this
one is called sledgehammer scarab eh
wait what you should go to the doctor or
if you're at the doctor he should
prescribe you something I'm going to
cardio rest must've been one of their
first videos cuz the budget is low wait
what stores what what where are they
they are in some creepy ass
motherfuckers mansion they need to get
out you need to grab a sledgehammer you
need to make our way out of that mansion
bitch
oh my god that is exactly how I feel all
the time my body has so many secrets but
the secrets don't come out whispers they
come out yells talking about farts
that's how I feel I'm struggling to
contain it once again my farts
that minute circulates haha everybody's
like oh why would you have a group of
pretty girls and be like here's a
concept of the video we can't see none
of their faces literally it's just gonna
be shadows what do you guys think about
that I'd be pissed if the director was
like ooh you look great
turn off the lights I'll be offended all
right let's look up one more thing let's
watch them live see if they can really
bring it oh wait who's that that was a
fan no oh my god these are fans I love
it
wait I think it just hops over the
barricades F is armies way too sweet to
be like crow can you please get the fuck
out of here all right there you go I
just learned about v are minee I learned
that they're worth it I learned that
they look better in light and not in
shadows and I learned that they have lot
of hair so my official analysis is that
I like them and I wanted to hate them
because I would have been more fun damn
it
as you guys hopefully enjoyed this video
give me a comment letting me know what
your thoughts are fifth harmony are you
a harmonizer
are you of not harmonizer are you worth
it also give this video a thumbs up and
subscribing to me visit me today and I
will see you guys tomorrow bye oh that's
weird
oh oh oh no oh activation chicken oh my
god what the fuck is the world
