hey what's up you guys on my last video
where I ate a bunch of different flavors
of chips got a lot of comments telling
me to do the Pringles taste test which I
guess there's a lot of weird flavors of
Pringles I'm not a primal person I've
had like two types of my wife I've had
regular and ranch and like that's it so
I'm a little bit nervous to do this I
have five different flavors here that
I've never tried and there's something
very creepy disturbing about this man
and it could be the fact that he had the
same hair color as me this is literally
me in ten years
all right let's get this started so
first I'm gonna start simple this is
jalapeno now I like spicy things so I
don't think this is gonna bother me too
much his face though looks like he's
hiding something looks like he could be
trying to kill me this might be really
bad you don't just eat him what what
does that mean what do you do with them
oh is that where this goes afterwards oh
haha
it smells like pickles why does it smell
like that oh it's a jalapeno oh okay
whatever maybe the taste is better than
the smell how I feel about myself here
we go huh ooh there's a lot going on it
tastes like a potato obviously it's a
chip but like a potato that fell into a
food truck and then the cook was cooking
tacos and then he stepped on the potato
and then he peeled the potato off his
shoe and he had some pepper on his hands
and he's like ah shit and then he threw
it the trash and then somebody's like we
need to recycle this Pringles man and
then he made it into this it is not good
ooh it literally burnt my tongue like I
can't taste anything anymore which
actually might be great for this
challenge
not a fan why would you want potato
chips to taste like that like if you're
gonna make all the pan yo chip have the
actual chip not taste like a Tater Tot
ooh a Tater Tot chip ah that'd be good
ooh I'm going to submit that for the
next latest contest don't steal it all
right let's move on how do you mustard I
love honey mustard in general it's one
of my favorite sauces I used to get it
at Denny's every time I'd go there who
the best is Quiznos because they have
that special pump and then they keep
that shit hidden though now they just
have it just out and you can just pump
into thing as much as you want I would
just take like the top of my salad which
was like this big and I would just fill
that shit with the pump the pump the
ball but now they keep the pump
underneath the cash register you have to
go up to the cash register lady you have
to say hey
some honey mustard and she goes oh sure
the cheesy with tiny little shot glass
me like uh-huh that's cute
this is the top of my salad container
can you feel this not as fun as it used
to be ooh
okay okay you know what it doesn't smell
that bad well no it does but I feel like
if I taste really good although that was
a theory for the last one that didn't
work out too well here we go mmm oh my
god wait what if you like birthday cake
Oh God
now it tastes like root beer no oh this
is like after you have a binge and you
have like your honey mustard Quiznos and
you're like you know it are you fucked
up tonight something a sheet cake from
Albertsons they're like you know what I
heard fucked up twice then you get like
a big ol bottle of bars rip your
original flavor and then you just burp
all night in bed while you cry that's
what this tastes like
yes picking chicken tacos why would
anybody make this who's been like you
know why I'm tired of the plain old chip
flavors give me a chip flavor that's you
know a taco actually give me a chicken
taco you know what you should kick it up
enough give me a kickin chicken taco
somebody should be fired oh fuck Oh what
okay I know this just seems like I'm
making all this up but none of it smells
that bad I'm overreacting I am NOT this
smells it smells like canned chicken you
know I mean like not tuna chicken which
is exactly how my mom used to make her
tacos
although the only thing kicking about
those were that they kicked you in the
stomach and gave you massive diarrhea
later oh it's a dirty chip look at that
here's a lock that went on oh oh oh I
could just smell like actual canned
chicken like for real
okay all right here we go I'm nervous
about this one oh that's weird
oh oh oh no oh and a chicken oh my god
what the fuck is the world
Tyus crazy oh oh it's like ooh when I
used to eat a chicken taco from Taco
Bell and I had braces and then a chicken
will get stuck in my braces and then the
next day cuz I never brushed my teeth at
night I would like to taste that chicken
in the morning when I pull it out of my
braces and I'd be like two
thank God for this except I've grown up
and I don't do that anymore and this is
gross
huh so far that's the nastiest all right
got two more zesty salsa okay I don't
see how this one can go wrong I mean
it's just a chip that tastes like salsa
I like sauce I like chips okay
smell is it great but you know not
judging on that Oh this chip is a
tortilla chip that's different okay
I'm already feeling better because I was
nervous about mixing potatoes and salsa
cuz this ain't the hotel buffet I don't
have time for that
let's see how it goes there we go - a
good chip I can taste the salsa I can
taste our onions I can taste the
tomatoes I could taste the tortilla
that's a fucking winner all right okay
feeling better now hopefully the last
one doesn't ruin it pizza that's gonna
ruin it um holy fuck
now this is such a bad idea that I can't
even explain I don't even need to
explain if I have to explain why a chip
that tastes like a pizza is a bad idea
then you need to get off my channel I
can go to therapy oh wow
that's like a bathroom a checker cheese
oh whoa
okay okay I'm nervous okay I wasn't
expecting this I was expecting weird I
wasn't expecting this this smells like
the Domino's delivery man's truck and he
has like ten deliveries to go and his
back seat is full of pizzas but his wife
is also given birth in the seat next to
him it's like a lot of like pizza smell
but also people smell
it's bloody it's cheesy it's everything
I want horror movie but not a gyp
oh okay here we go let me do this bring
fuck I do this oh my god I like it I
like it I like it
why what crew hit the stay papa why do I
like that oh my god I'm questioning
everything he doesn't eat a pizza it
definitely does not he's like pizza but
it tasted good huh guys you just
experienced something with me you just
experienced my whole life changing you
experience my mind being boned you
experience it's just a little mustache
man changing my world Thank You mr.
Pringle I love you oh that's why you do
more than just eat it we love it that
kickin chicken taco was fuckin gross oh
so we're over well hi guys no that was
me trying some weird flavors let me go
now in the comments what flavors you
tried and what was the grossest and with
one you liked and just so you know this
is not a sponsored video I did not get
paid for this I fucking wish I did
although if I did I probably wouldn't be
going ooh every five seconds make sure
this comment I didn't either today give
it a thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and you don't just eat me hi alright
next let's do lose superwoman oh my god
oh my god first of all love that she's
still wearing her snapback and I love
that she have the attitude on the face I
love a good nude with too
