hello my name is Alexis chisel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet throughout the years there have
been a lot of scandals surrounding the
teen choice award even winners of the
Teen Choice Awards have come out via
Twitter or other social avenues saying
that the contest is rigged and teens
don't actually have a choice in the
matter
however this year's TCA scandal took a
bit of a different approach he online
release sorry who is a online released
an article about the Teen Choice Awards
so far harmless enough the article
wasn't exactly positive about the Teen
Choice Ford specifically the online
creators in attendance even going so far
as to criticize the categories that
honor these online creators so since a
online made a list of 18 things that
made them feel old at the change whose
words I've taken it upon myself to make
a list of 6 reasons why I'm deeply and
truly pity e online number one they have
no idea who my life as ava is what an
unfortunate bummer that these people
have never had the opportunity to have
the sweet sweet chorus of literally my
life stuck in their head for an entire
day literally my life is having 3.7
million people who watch my videos sorry
e online isn't one of them number two
they have not had a chance to see the
impeccable Instagram feed and aesthetic
of youtuber Amanda Steele they're a
little bit too busy having a stick up
their aesthetic number three online is
claiming that the TCA is all of the
presenters and honorees spoke in only
abbreviation how unfortunate for them
that they are so old they still speak
using full words and sentences I mean if
they're so old that they're oblivious to
PewDiePie quiz over 40 million
subscribers they probably won't even
finish their sentences before they die
number four a online even claim that
they had never heard of youtuber daily
blogger Joey Graceffa so therefore they
never had the opportunity to be like I
had a theory he was gay what a sad loss
number five one of the list items in the
article was choice fire really I'll be
the first to admit that telling a really
funny joke in six seconds is not an easy
task at all and buyers who do a really
good job at what they do I add my err
and I think that's awesome it's
unfortunate that yawn line can't fully
appreciate a fun
or well-made six-second video and
finally number six YouTube has more than
1 billion users well not all of these
people may be active users need to
community a fair amount arm it is
unfortunate that eonline has no
knowledge of this giant corner of the
internet and not even just the Internet
this is giant corner of the
entertainment industry that's growing
bigger and bigger every day the people
at the online projecting this article
won't ever experience that feeling that
you guys get when you watch your two
favorite youtubers make a video together
they won't know that amazing proud
feeling that you get when you watch one
of your favorite youtubers launch a new
project like a book or a film they don't
understand the evolution of why
youtubers talking about audible.com is
kind of funny overall I feel really bad
for eonline because online content is
awesome and they're missing out thank
you guys so much for watching this
episode of gong comm hopefully we didn't
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoy this episode give
it a thumbs up and follow me on twitter
at Alexis chizel
or to know the day what do you think of
e online and the Teen Choice Awards let
me know by leaving a comment I'll see
you guys next week with a brand new
episode of bomb.com so good
