hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is
destiny and don't tell anyone but I'm
actually secretly naked under all these
clothes I'm so scandalous but this is
what the pump news where we talk about
the news that makes you say what in the
actual fuck is wrong with the world the
first story that I want to talk about
today is Kylie Jenner's 18th birthday
not because I actually give a fuck about
the fact that she's 18 now and I can
finally send news to her snapchat but
because in the days since Kylie Jenner's
turned 18 she's already taken a few
scandalous photos and been offered a 10
million dollar contract to do a sex tape
are you fucking kidding me I would do
anything for 10 million dollars I would
probably did my nut in kerosene and
light it on fire for a full minute for
that kind of money I would put a
scorpion in my ass on live TV for that
much money not to mention it runs in
your family to make sex tapes or do I
need to remind you how Kim Kardashian
got famous in the first place but in
addition to the offer from vivid
entertainment that did Farrah Abraham
sex tape Kylie's been propositioned by
Digital Playground to be their
spokesperson as well as a tweet from
brazzers the porn site saying hey Kylie
Jenner now that you're 18 how about
putting those lips to good use my god
y'all need Jesus but honestly it's just
so unfair
here we are just some normal people
trying to make enough money to afford
Taco Bell tomorrow
and here's fuckin Kylie Jenner getting
offered millions of dollars to do
something that I never get to do where
is the Justice I don't know
and yeah I might have been offered to do
a sex tape at one time but I was from a
guy in an alleyway at 2:00 in the
morning who asked me to smell his rag
and it was only for $3 which I took by
the way it was one of the shortest sex
tapes ever apparently went something
like this
oh listen okay I'm done what can I say I
make my mom proud so no word yet if the
Kylie Jenner sex tape is going to have
it or not but if it does I for one will
definitely not purchase one no hmm no I
know I definitely do not want her to sit
in my lap without any clothes on no no
uh not me that's absurd that's what the
button is you might remember Jared Fogle
as being the spokesperson from Subway
who apparently lost a ton of weight from
just eating Subway sandwiches Jared has
been in the news lately not for losing
more weight from eating sandwiches that
tastes slightly better than dogshit but
because he pleaded guilty recently to
soliciting minors for sex as well as
possessing child porn
I don't usually cover you know in
serious stories like this but just the
details of this story were so fucked up
that I felt like I had to mention it but
apparently Jared would fly from his home
in Indiana to various hotels where he
would then contact minors some as young
as six years old to perform sex acts on
him while he secretly filmed it also in
total there were allegedly 14 victims
both boys and girls that were all under
the age of 17 also in a text message
between Jared and one of the victims he
replies to her saying the younger the
girl the better boom
it's just so fucked up because it makes
you realize that dudes like Meryn Trant
from fucking Game of Thrones actually do
exist in real life
to ODE allegedly also in one incident
Jared asked if he could have sex with a
woman's horse and sent a picture of a
dog licking his ass okay where the fuck
does this guy get any sexual prejudice
like at what point in your adult life do
you look at dogs horses and
six-year-olds and going yeah that's what
I want what the fuck but Jared's wife
who apparently didn't know anything
about his secret life is getting a
divorce from him to which I say no shit
I don't think anyone in the fucking
history of the world would be like oh
you're a pedophile cool dead no I'll
stay with you for sure this is these
pleaded guilty he's facing up to 12
years in jail has to register as a sex
offender he's having to pay $100,000 to
each of his victims totaling about 1.4
million dollars and has to undergo
sexual disorders treatment treatments
the only treatment for this is being put
in an oven or being stabbed in the eyes
like Meryn Trant from Game of Thrones
spoilers okay I assume you all knew this
is coming but I have to do it now that
Jared's going to jail he's getting a
different kind of footlong please stop
and you'll be getting an unlimited
supply of footlong so much less than
five dollars oh God obviously really
fucked up and I hope Iran azita's nut
sack in more really fucked-up news
Florida dad missed out on father of the
Year award this year after he brought
his 16 year old daughter and her 17 year
old friend to his strip club to smoke
weed do cocaine and dance for dudes at
the strip club okay some questionable
parenting for sure but supposed to leave
me 59 year old father and club promoter
and Jose are wellas Sookie's daughter
and her friend to a place called the
pink pony which either sounds like a
nickname for ecstasy or a gay barn or
the Rings several times over the last
six months sometimes filming the to wall
on stage in their bikinis gross Hey look
man I get
you're trying to be the cool dad but
you're a dad first and a friend second
even if your daughter was like yeah
let's fucking snort code yeah the
correct answer would have been you're
grounded for eternity and not totally
all go grab some coke and a video camera
but since the mother of the
sixteen-year-old girl saw pictures on
her Facebook of her snorting cocaine and
wasn't too happy about it
poor mr. umbrellas has been arrested for
neglect and allowing a minor to consume
alcohol and illegal drugs and is being
held in a Correctional Facility on a
forty five thousand dollar bail I know
it's a bummer to miss out on father of
the Year award but maybe next year and
lastly in some movie news a couple
exciting movie announcements were made
this last week including a first look at
the new trailer for Victor Frankenstein
which has the awesome James McAvoy and
Daniel Radcliffe playing Frankenstein
and Igor honestly I usually hate movies
that kind of do this in like we hash old
stories that we already know and have
learned like a thousand times with Harry
Potter being in the lead with Professor
X or mr. Tumnus
I am definitely okay with it that's the
first trailer for Quentin Tarantino's
new movie the hateful eight was released
and while it doesn't show much it does
have an amazing cast including the
always awesome Sam Jackson Kurt Russell
the super talented Tim Roth I'm just
super excited about this movie cuz
Tarantino always makes amazing movies
and I'm sure this is no exception
finally some set photos were released
this last week of Star Wars Episode 7
the force awakens which shows the nasty
ass SIF guy with the weird lightsaber
that I don't know the name of a few
creatures on what appears to be the
world of Tatooine c-3po and r2d2 and all
their glory the mysterious chrome
trooper and I don't know what he's all
about but there he is
and up bill Weasley from Harry Potter
looking intimidating next to some clone
troopers it's all very mysterious and
exciting and of course is set to come
out this December that's it for this
episode what the fuck you my question of
the day for you guys is what would you
do for ten million dollars leave your
answers in the comments down below all
of the day's stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links including my facebook twitter
and my youtube channel youtube.com /
captain destin so be sure to check that
out I post videos there pretty much
every week so I hope to see you guys
there that being said I will see you
next time for another one
but news thanks for watching and fair
with
