animals animals animals everywhere it's
a lot heavy guys yes today I'm going to
be doing a quiz I found on BuzzFeed
which is about knowing Disney songs
which I know none of I know this may
come as a surprise but I'm not a huge
Disney fan I don't really watch cartoons
I know everybody's like oh my god up
it's the best movie ever it's so sad old
people dying I just I don't care I don't
care about actual people dying why would
I care about cartoon and old people
dying
you know what the least sad part of
Titanic was when the old lady died you
know the best part of Titanic was the
young people I'm kidding I love old
people especially my grandma she's dead
I guess it was sad when she died but now
to choose a cartoon what are we talking
about Disney okay how well do you
actually know Disney songs okay first of
all Little Mermaid is getting it
she is just all on the floor cake can be
Prince Charming
can you imagine fucking a groan no legs
I can't up where they bling up where
they blink oh wait I think I know this
one uh where they talk no I don't you
want to be up there move up where they
won't shut the fuck up no thanks up
where they walk up where they walk up
where they run up that's it that's the
one she's obviously not underneath where
I am though because first of all walking
can't do that right now with my broken
leg second of all running are you
kidding me I will blank the blank I
don't even know who that is why is he
wearing a bedsheet
why is there a weird hairy-backed
monster underneath him move I will swipe
the lift I will climb the wall I will
beat the odds
I will blaze the path miss a beat the
odds because that's the cheesiest one
you must be blank as a blank river what
who is that I've never seen him before
you must be strong as a coursing River
quick as a rushing river swift as a
don't even know what coursing means I'm
gonna say you must be quick as a rushing
river no that doesn't sound right
you must be swift as a coursing River
yeah that's not right every turn a
surprise with new blank to blank first
of all I wish I could see what's
happening underneath that because she's
excited he's terrified he's a strong
grip every turn a surprise with New
Horizons to pursue these songs are so
boring I'm just going to guess boom
adventures too
for sure who cares but I've climbed the
mountain I blanked the blank okay who
are they I've never seen that movie
before but I've climbed the mountain
I've found the way that sounds right
reach the top is too obvi
crossed the river I don't even know what
that means okay oh isn't this blank it's
my favorite part because blank isn't
this amazing
it's my favorite part because you'll see
no she would never doesn't even made oh
isn't this so charming it's my favorite
part because she's free I think that's
it because Disney is all about like
freedom I like women being free wait no
with now it's about a dead parents and
girls have sex with boosts in your
dreams you will lose your heartache
whatever you blank for blank you what
I'm guessing tail is whole this time I
know this one talus oh that's time why
does he have a ponytail was that in the
movie I don't remember that true is it
can be fair as it can be a fuck I don't
know true fair true life is your blank
and I'm your blank life is your journey
man what that doesn't make any sense
adventure blank in the usual morning
blank eleven and no that's a lazy ass
Disney Princess ha ha waking up at like
noon was a seven a blank of isolation
and blank I'm the queen okay this is
frozen which I have not seen I know
calm the fuck down a palace of isolation
and it looks like I'm the queen I'm
gonna say Kingdom I'm gonna say number
two I'm gonna be oh I know this one I'm
gonna be a mighty king so enemies beware
fuck yeah that was my jam when I was a
fucking kid I would walk around the
house idea I just came wait till the
king and my momma tape no alright guys
go that was the Disney challenge that I
failed well I gotta succeed it now I
fail are you guys down in the comments
here all have you guys do one but I know
every blank and blank and blank has a
life has a spirit hasn't name so those
are your options which one do you think
it is I don't know alright you guys help
you have funding with me Anthony with
you make sure new to this video thumbs
up and subscribe because I mean new
video
and I'll see you tomorrow bye wait is
this real wait what oh they are all
getting it that's about the age though
that you learned how to you know ha ha
