hey let's be guys so I had done to try
not to laugh challenge try not to cry
challenge try to just live your life
challenge I do that one every day and it
is a struggle but I decided oh I wonder
if there's a try not to get scared
challenge because I have never been
scared in my whole life except for when
I go to Souplantation because so many
options what if I make the wrong one so
I searched on YouTube and I found a
video called the try not to get scared
challenge and I thought hey let's take
it I'm a strong man you know I'm super
manly I'm wearing a purple shirt today I
just realized that there let's do this
all right here we go use your headphones
nope I don't want to I mean I can't
really cuz you guys are here oh hello
viewer can you pass the test without
screaming or scary I don't even think
scaring is a word scary no no that's not
a word level one ooh this is fun scary
images just me without Phase two yep
there I am oh god that's my child
that's my tongue when I'm at the zoo
plantation and I'm excited these are not
scary these are like the worst
performers at like not scary barn which
by the way if you have not been there
don't go that's some scary shit not
because it's scary but because it's
scary a bunch of drama kids from high
school that like come to Knott's Scary
Farm for minimum wage and cover
themselves and prosthetics girl no
terrifying but I love them scary images
of creepy music okay no I know her
that's not Bethany Mona that's just a
girl with tape on her mouth this is not
that's just like Bonnie goals for me
that's just a face that's a pussy that's
it what is that that's an eye with teeth
this is not scary at all scary fat tell
here we go
a man in the 1890s dug up his daughter's
grave and cut off her heart thinking she
was a vampire but iPhone 5 electrocuted
and killed a 23 year old woman that's
not scary at all that's not surprising
either because iPhones they make those
things to break giant rats ate two
babies in South Africa wait I was in I
could give you so many more scary facts
the average shelf life of a youtuber is
two and a half years yeah you heard me
Oh 2l level four
okay the sound of somebody walking in an
old house
wait wait what that was supposed to be
scary click-clack click-clack if you've
ever lived in an apartment building
that's just life and by the way when you
live in an apartment think you hear way
more than just people walking around you
hear screaming you hear crying you hear
stop please stop you hear somebody help
me please call 9-1-1 and then you just
turn the tv up scary gifs oh my god here
we go
any gift that's ever been made of me is
terrifying the girlfriend the ring okay
I'm not scared what wait what the fuck
some girl doing yoga to Lourdes
once again body goals some video game
okay this is how much longer is this
okay only a couple minutes you don't
want to be scary is if it's at 10 more
minutes okay here we go okay how am I
supposed to scare some bitch who's
terrible at tambourine oh I dropped it
oh shit go there
oh fuck I dropped it again that's not
scary that says it's the easiest
instrument it's like a kazoo no you're
not
it's just a thousand dear scary images
again I'm not okay here we go okay a lot
of people standing a beat-up car a girl
in a hideous wedding outfit it's not
gonna last girl that's a scary fact 90%
of marriages end in divorce
scary gifs was scarier didn't we already
see scary gifs when you want your period
though oh oh oh oh that's gross that's
not scary that's fucking disgusting I
hate spiders that's there's a bomb
nuclear war okay your own death haha
groan to some people that would be
relief you passed this test successfully
without screaming or scary
congratulate
oh you didn't oh my god well I would say
dumbest thing I've ever done this will
probably be my one and only try not to
get scared challenge because fuck that
was so dumb oh my god they would call me
down there did you get scared at any of
this if you did then you definitely
don't watch my videos regularly because
I have looked scarier than half of those
things all right you guys hope you had
fun scaring with me I have fun scaring
with you I will see you tomorrow make
sure to subscribe
I mean videos every single day and this
video thumbs up and I will see you fight
here we go oh my god oh my god oh it
burns a bird oh fuck maybe if I sue it
it'll make it better
No
