hey what's up you guys so today I
thought I would do a fun video where I
tried out some sour candy and saw how it
reacted in my mouth mainly because as
I've gotten older I've noticed that it's
harder for me to eat sour candy I used
to be really good at it I could do like
the warhead challenge I put like a
thousand of my mouth and be like rubber
roller now anything that's a little bit
sour it makes me like really have a
really bad ol face not really no face
more a wrong whole face anyways okay I
have a bunch of different sour candies
in here I have never tried half of these
before so I'm very nervous
so hopefully the reaction will be sad
cuz that's what you guys like okay I'm
gonna start with Sour Patch Kid explodes
then I'm gonna go there okay oh those
smell so intense oh my god I never
understood sour patch kids no offense
I'm sure they're great but why would you
want to eat a little person although I
would love to eat the whole cast of
little people big world
I bet they're tasty okay this is just
one of their little heads which is
disturbing and it's gonna explode in my
mouth
alright here we go okay okay oh okay
it's not that sour it's gross
the way it exploded in my mouth was
similar to a cockroach don't ask why I
know that
I don't know why anybody would eat that
be like oh you know be good right now if
I just ate a pimple and it just popped
in my mouth can we get a bag of pimples
oh great no not a fan I'm sure would I
love these when I was a kid though but
guess what I'm old
so next sour Razzles now these are
supposedly really sour here we go wait
sour Razzles first it's candy then it's
gum I hate that shit why would you give
me something I can't swallow though they
look like medicine right here we go okay
those are very sour opening the door
into go well that's fun okay I get it
once these from 13 going on 30 - yup Oh
huh sorry hit me
remember she was like oh I love rattles
so much and he was like really why such
a good movie no I am no not that bad
there was like a minute where it was bad
and then I'm fine
similar to the movie material girls like
the first few minutes of that movie very
bad and then I got
so I guess is not like this next can of
worms now I have been scared of gummy
worms forever mainly because when I was
like 12 I hate a bunch and then I
started choking on them and I was at a
dinner table and everybody around me was
laughing and I was saying no no no I'm
dying
I never made just kept laughing laughing
laughing then I had to reach my own hand
inside of my throat to pull out a clump
of worms it was my first near-death
experience and well the embarrassment
afterwards I wish I would have died oh
she's so fat that he almost ate himself
to death ha ha ha fuck you family all
right here we go huh oh my god I'm
having flashbacks oh my god if I start
to die make sure to get this video
thumbs up let's get to 100k guys oh
sorry
well I don't like the way to slip back
these aren't sour at all like at all oh
my god too risky
oh my god oh my god I'm actually shaking
I'm not kidding I know it sounds like
I'm joking but I would that was my first
near-death experience and honestly it's
taking me back
there's nothing scarier than the feeling
of your throat being clogged and of
everybody laughing around you and if you
starting to black out huh okay I'm ready
to move on toxic waste I don't know what
this is but it comes in a little trash
can so you know that's good
how long can you keep one in your mouth
oh my god it's like a test 15 seconds
your was 60 seconds you're a full Toxie
head I want to be a full talks ahead
alright let's see how long I can last
here we go oh my god
oh my god oh it burns it burn oh fuck
how much I should have timed it maybe my
shoe it'll make it better no I'm not at
oxy head not at all
no yes that was horrible who would eat
this why would any can't be like yeah
mom give me the trash can I want to eat
garbage huh oh and love these lemon
heads now these used to be my favorite
and I used to be able to eat so many of
them let's see if I can still do it
Oh broke my fuckin do ya these are
summer at all hmm
fuck these are go fuck oh I'm gonna see
you later alright and last but not least
warhead extremes these I used to love
but
I remember one time I ate too many I
didn't burn my tongue and I couldn't
taste for a week so hopefully that
happens again because that's a good diet
plan all right here we go
oh wow okay I remember I remember yep
this stuff can get past yep
you get to the sweet part Oh
oh my god I know this looks fake but
it's not fake yes I'm almost there I can
take this me coming I'm crying I'm
crying shit who's coming
Oh God ah yeah oh fuck oh that's good oh
I survived whoo
well guys there you have it I'm old I
can't do this shit no more I can't have
sour candy anymore I can't eat fast food
anymore and I definitely shouldn't be
watching Disney Channel anymore but I
still do all right I'm gonna go oh no
there's nothing more embarrassing than
that the meeting it's the one he's
everywhere oh man and having a candy
tongue oh hey oh god it's you guys help
me up my name would be happening as you
make sure to subscribe and make new
videos every single day give this video
a thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
and leave me down the comments which
candy is your favorite I'm gonna say out
of all of these definitely Lemonheads
okay you and look hilarious and a wig
girl stop something tasteful
maybe dreads you got the face for Queen
