guys guess what I have somebody in my
apartment yeah I broke it I can't are
you nervous right now because we're
doing a video for your channel and
everybody knows I'm a loose cannon well
you know expect the unexpected
I'm just embracing everything I also
can't lift my arms no it looks good I
can't let my best buds just cause my
shirts too tight hey why can't you
because it's just what I'm wearing it
like doesn't are we both wearing
ill-fitted clothes or maybe it just fits
so well it's like Nana you can't no it's
not I'm really excited right now we're
gonna film it and after that it's gonna
be great bye yes so I'm at the store
right now
picking up some stuff to go to Joey's
house with and I said to tell you about
this experience I just had which is
really interesting and awesome so I was
in the bathroom with my scooter house in
the handicap stall because I'm
handicapped now my new life with my
coming out video and this guy was really
really rude to me and when I came out of
the handicap stall he went oh like I was
taking too long because I was
handicapped and as I walked away he was
just a car so annoying and I started
crying like listen I know I'm
temporarily handicapped and it's not
gonna last that much longer but I can't
even imagine being in a wheelchair or
dealing with people being so rude to
like it make it just made me cry didn't
make me cry for myself and made me cry
thinking about other people dealing with
stuff like that and as I'm walking out
I'm like crying and I'm just like
emotional and then this random woman out
of nowhere just walks up to me and grabs
me says can I pray for you and I said
yeah and she grabbed my leg and she
prayed for my leg and I was just like I
needed that so bad she gave me a hug and
I stopped crying it was so sweet it was
like God knew I needed to pick me up and
listen not to get religious or anything
because I know a lot of you guys don't
believe in God and I do believe in
something a higher power so it was
really sweet
so I said tell you guys about that also
swiffers a lot of swipers let's just put
it one of those pads on the bottom my
Rolly scooter and I'll clean the world
oh god that's it guys look I'm vlogging
cuz this is the one day a fucking year
I'm gonna do this look who's here
everybody's here he's walking oh he's
fixing the lighting it's been a while
since Drew's been logging crews making
s'mores everybody's Ito's aren't all my
more that was good what was that who
would Monica was who my Drew's making
s'mores though and the fucking they are
swear how does that who's that what is
that a lot of fat people we're gonna
watch some youtuber movies it's gonna be
finite and I'm not gonna really vlog it
because you know we want to live the
life the life of a cripple go mom
you like leveled up so much with your
blogging skills look how high up you are
this was Shane one year ago ten pounds
ago yeah no no working out cuz I'm a
cripple and high and high but then you
got to get the young girls in there the
young girls are gonna walk around their
bikini and like be fun and crazy you
gotta get rebeccablack you got to get
your dress set you got to get jennxpenn
you got to get Lauren Elizabeth you got
to get all those little like trashy
slutty girls who are sweet on the inside
and dirty on the answer
