ah fuck
hey guys yes I am in my gay log cabin
and I feel horrible I don't know if it's
food poisoning or the heat or the fact
that I drink a bottle of dayquil during
the nighttime when I'm a hot fucking
mess
anyways I was on Twitter last night and
I went on a crazy rampage chochmah how
much I love Big Brother now if you guys
don't watch Big Brother I'm sorry this
video is gonna be terrible I fucking
love it I have a watching Big Brother
ever since I was little with my grandma
she's dead now and I'm still watching
that was sad anyways so I thought it
would be fun if I did a youtuber Big
Brother now I'm actually trying to make
this happen because I tweeted about it
and a bunch of youtubers texted me and
was like I want to fucking do it I
Colleen and I know Jenna Marbles
reposted the tweet and rebeccablack like
everybody's wants to do it so we're
gonna fucking do it so I thought it
would be fun if today I did a video
where I talk about all the contestants
that are left in the Big Brother house
and I talk about what youtubers I want
in the YouTube Big Brother house and how
I think they'll do okay let's start with
Audrey I saw her in an interview after
she left and she's like everything's
cool I'm on my medication again like I'm
feeling normal like I don't want to kill
myself I'm like girl what the segi was
the Big Brother house you just left your
medication with Julie Chen you like girl
take this I don't need this I'm just
going in to sequester for 90 days what
are you doing if you have a mental issue
well no bring pills anyways she was
terrible but I follow her on Twitter now
and hey girl Austin uh creepies fuck and
that fucking ponytail on your chin I
just want to rip that shit off it's not
cute it's creepy although I think that's
what he's going for
so in that case he's succeeding I don't
actually hate him I know everybody in
the house hates him and everybody talks
badly by him I think he's kind of dumb
and fun and something golden retreiver
about him you know
fetch he go gets it he's loyal licks his
balls a lot like everybody's like stop
Austin he's like no I want to keep going
and he also has a really good body which
is weird cuz he has the face of somebody
who left himself go but then you see his
body and you're like what very confusing
and I'm very jealous Becky who oh the
bitch I got hit by a train mags clay
every year there has to be a guy who
takes a shirt off who has no personality
who is on the borderline of being God I
can't say anything without getting a
trouble anymore
what's like a nice way of saying slow
he's like I'm
borderline of being slow if you notice a
it's always just like
uh no no the six-pack does not distract
away from above AB and then you have
Shelly who is his mother
she's like 32 and he's like 22 which is
fine I mean that could work out there's
something about her that's scary to me
it's like a weird like devil inside like
her eyes are like demonic like there was
an episode where she was like angry
about something I swear to God I saw the
devil in her eyes there's something like
too perfect about her hair and too
perfect about her teeth and I don't know
something very Barbie doll from hell
then you had Dave on who was the fucking
past I fucking loved her Jackie who Jase
who Jeff what John that voice I know
everybody loves him and listen I love
him too but it's getting old I don't
know how many times I can hear no bug
looks like I get girls out too much
bring it down just bring it down just a
little bit any of the dentists can you
imagine coordinator first of all I hate
going to justice anyways because you're
getting your teeth down your 10 things
about them that guy's like oh so how's
your day going and then you're like oh
like you'd the last thing you want to do
is have a conversation okay magic him I
would rather have no teeth
James amazing I didn't even know he was
in the house until this last week when
he fucking dominated and killed
everybody and broke up Chloe and it was
just Jason I loved her she was amazing
she was everything I need her in my life
Julia and Liz okay here's the thing Big
Brother if you're gonna have twins on
the show can you get two wins it was
like we had one twin and then we had the
other twin you know the identical one
with the peg leg and the glass eye and
the wig and the fake tooth and the bag
tattoo and the birthmark on her neck
like it was not they were not twins
and everybody kept calling once that I
didn't see that one was fat they both
look skinny as fuck to me but whatever
that was the worst twist in bigbrother
history except for that one season when
they had that weird girl with like the
rainbow hair and then turned out her
brother was like a cowboy with like
other weird hair that was a weird one
Meg she just looks like a Taylor Swift
drag impersonator I don't hate her but
you know she needs to fix up that wig
Steve he creeps me the fuck out he looks
like a nerd he's like quiet but then
like he'll be like gradually and it's
fucking terrified it makes everything
inside of me shrivel my penis go back
into my body but I'm very sweet and
Vanessa okay
talk about Vanessa Furman I have a lot
of feelings about her number one she
looks like a Kesha Dragon person ATAR
number two I don't know why nobody's
getting her out I mean she seems like
the most obvious person to get out she
is obviously gonna win the game
get her the fuck out she talks a lot and
everything she says is very like listen
no listen this is like totally honest
like I'm a straight shooter like no I
totally get it like everything's cool
like do your thing and then the second
leave the room she's like okay okay what
do i do what do i do what do i do
everybody's doing their thing I need to
do my thing it's like the scariest thing
to watch and yes I've been watching a
live feeds because that's my life so
those are the Big Brother contestants as
of now I think Vanessa's gonna win and I
think it'll come down to her and or Jon
leave a comment down below who do you
thinks gonna win okay part two this
video let's talk about youtubers in the
house number one obviously me I would
fucking Dominic why because I would
create a lot of fake alliances I'll
create a lot of real alliances a lot of
alliances that nobody would see coming
like I would make alliances with people
who hate me for example you have initia
that guy talks about me in every single
video I'm glad I'm getting abused girl
thanks but obviously there's like a very
public thing where he hates me so what I
would do is publicly in the house I'd
have like a fight with him and I'd be
like stop talking about me and he'd be
like remember the representation and
then I would take him to a closed room
and say listen bitch first of all I love
your wig it's beautiful it's red I don't
get it but I love it second of all we
need to form an alliance tell nobody
will fight in public and then in private
we'll have each other's back but we got
a hangout gonna do that so he'd be one
second would obviously be Colleen now
she would have the twin twist she would
be Miranda and Colleen maybe in the
house she would be Miranda and then in
the diary room she'd be Colleen I don't
know something like that then you have
her husband Josh they would obviously be
a showmance and then you obviously need
the gay one because there's always one
gay one now that's problematic because
on YouTube there's not that many not gay
ones so we would have to figure out the
situation we'd have to take Tyler Oakley
Joey Graceffa Connor Franta all the
other o2l members all the other
everybody and Hunger Games I should have
hunger gays huh
what it's a good title I'll save it then
you gotta get the young girls in there
the young girls are gonna walk around
their bikini and like be fun and crazy
you gotta get Rebecca black you gotta
get your Gervais set you gotta get
jennxpenn you gotta get Lauren Elizabeth
you gotta get all those little like
trashy slutty girls who are sweet on the
inside and dirty on the outside have
them rolling around on those fucking
annoying ass douche gliders that every
kid at VidCon roll around on you run
away so they'll be like rolling around
the backyard game planning and then you
have me sitting doing nothing but that's
my game No
not my game I'm just lazy okay who else
obviously Trish who obviously Gigi oh
that's good because Gigi's transgendered
and nobody want to vote her out cuz they
wouldn't want to be in trouble for
voting out of transgender but also
nobody's gonna want to vote her out
because she's so like pretty to look at
and she's so perfect and she's so
amazing in my love with her and then
Trish you know Trish's gonna bring the
controversy she's gonna be trolling
she's gonna be talking about crazy-ass
shit everybody can be like oh my god is
this bitch real but the behind closed
doors she's gonna be like really smart
about it in strategic oh what a fuckin
good show okay I'm gonna go pitch this
show I'll let you guys know how it goes
there guys go down in the comments what
youtubers do you want to see in the show
this could be so fun
alright I'm gonna go I love you guys
I'll be up my name with me med - hang
with you and I will see you
well make sure to subscribe I mean it is
a physical day and give this video a
thumbs up and all that other shit okay
love you why here is laid for the gods
it's about to get it ha but don't worry
guys I'm a cheap-ass superhero with
dishwashing clubs you gotta watch out
what the Queen yo dude
