what school just now oh my god you're an
EU I think you're gonna be fine no I'm
not big enough noises or not they can
sense noise they have an inner ear but
they don't hear like we do so they
basically hear our vibrations right you
know so why is he so like that well he
likes me hey what's up you guys yes it's
time for another conspiracy theory video
all right so first we're gonna be
talking about some theories regarding
one of the biggest stories of the year
trumping president North Korea wanting
to kill us no bigger than that Kylie
Jenner is pregnant that's right that is
what everybody is talking about right
now including me now I know you're
thinking oh is the conspiracy that she's
in the Illuminati and that this baby is
going to be the new leader of it no it's
a lot different than that and honestly
this one I kind of believe a lot of
people think that kylie is actually
Kim's surrogate so as you guys know Kim
and Kanye are expecting their third
child by early 2018 by a surrogate now
if you don't know what a surrogate is
basically if you don't want to have a
baby yourself or if your body can't
handle it you hire somebody else and
they have it for you now I know a lot of
people are gonna think this is
far-fetched but let's go back to early
summer in the season finale of Keeping
Up with the Kardashians on June 11th Kim
mentioned wanting to get a surrogate she
talked about how her body couldn't
handle another baby and she was telling
her sister about it well what are you
leaning towards like do you think you
would be pregnant again or have a
surrogate obviously I do want to have my
own baby yeah
but I feel like I truly don't know if my
body can handle it one more time now
this is where it starts to get really
interesting Kim's first idea was to have
one of her sisters carry the baby before
I mentioned to Kanye then that you would
be our surrogate okay and he was like
what like is this a joke and I was like
wait what if it's not a gentleman so
obviously Khloe said no she didn't want
to do that but what if Kris stepped in
and said you know what what would be
even bigger news is if Kylie did it that
way we get all the news out of Kylie
having the baby and being pregnant but
then she doesn't actually take care of
the kid I mean last season was all about
Kim trying to figure out where she's
gonna get a surrogate what if this
upcoming season she finds one in her own
family now I don't think it's that crazy
because honestly if me and Rylan wanted
to have a kid my first instinct would be
let's have your sister do it that way we
keep the genetics and the family we're
not having to impregnate a stranger like
it just kind of makes sense now of
course there is another theory out there
that Travis Scott is known to dad but
instead it's your ex boyfriend Tyga so
after dating for a couple of years Tyga
and Kylie split up in April which
timeline-wise
kind of makes sense if he was the dad
now allegedly he even posted this to
snapchat and then deleted it
like right away it's the headline saying
Kylie Jenner's pregnant and then he put
hell nah that's my kid so who knows is
that his kid is a Kim and Kanye's kid I
guess we'll have to wait until Keeping
Up with the Kardashians comes back okay
so that was kind of a fun conspiracy
theory this next one is incredibly dark
we're gonna be talking about the strange
depth of kanika Jenkins kanika Jenkins
was 19 years old she left her house at
11:30 p.m. on September 8th to go to a
party at the Crowne Plaza Hotel
then on the early morning of September
9th she was reported missing and a day
later she was found in the freezer of
the hotel all right so some of the
security camera footage was released and
it is disturbing so first you see her
stumbling out of an elevator and walking
down all away now clearly she's in toxic
or on something which would make sense
cuz she had just went to a party and she
probably was there all night now in this
footage you see her stumbling down
another hallway having trouble keeping
her balance and it's just incredibly
disturbing to watch knowing that she was
walking toward her death now this is the
last footage that they have of her and
it is her walking into the kitchen and
as you can see it seems like she's going
towards something and then she walks off
camera and that allegedly is where she
opened up the freezer walked inside and
froze to death now there is no video of
her actually walking into the freezer
which is confusing and a lot of people
believe too because she might have been
murdered now before we get to that let
me show you a clip of her and her mom
and just when only time you can get your
dog to come getting the beer with you
well you get food that's it
that's not again look at ya wait long I
want to tell you get yours eat Kanika
you need me look at him mmm that's just
so sad now her mom has been very
outspoken saying that she thinks that
there's way more to this story
and she wants footage of her daughter
walking into that freezer I want justice
show me the video of my child walking
into that freezer from day one that's
all of it excellent now the people of
the hotel are saying that there's no
camera above the freezer so the footage
doesn't exist okay now here's where it
gets crazy
it is rumored that the Crowne Plaza
Hotel in Chicago is actually a place
where they do organ trafficking a lot of
people need organs but they are very
hard to get you have to get on a waiting
list you might not make it in time well
then there is the black market where you
can buy any organ you want for a lot of
money there's this underground world of
people who get kidnapped killed have
their organs removed and then people
sell them and supposedly the Crowne
Plaza in Chicago is where some of this
happens once again a theory I'm not
saying it is it's all alleged don't sue
me let's talk about this picture that
went viral on Instagram there's rumors
going around the hotel was known for
organ traffic
a post on one of the boys Instagram said
we didn't mean to kill her she had a
heart attack while we were raping her so
it could be possible that the hotel
staff froze her to save harvest and then
sell her orgasm so basically one of the
theories is that at that party she was
at she got raped she died at the hotel
staff knew about it and then they took
the body
now there's another theory that the
owner of the Crown Plaza
actually paid her friends to get her to
the hotel so that they could take her
now the reason this theory is getting so
much attention is because the hotel has
been so weird about this situation they
say that they don't have footage of her
walking to the freezer which a lot of
people think is alive and supposedly a
lot of people do go missing in this
particular area and are never found now
her sister has come out and said that
there is no way that she could have
opened up the freezer door by herself
especially when she was drunk I worked
in the cafeteria before there's no way
if she drunk and they said she's family
so she don't have knows no screaming and
the mom came out and said this and they
say it the police Martin said freak
accidents like that do happen so they're
saying and if the camera seemed right in
front of the caller then if she has to
get in it now this is where it gets
really sad the mom is basically saying
that this isn't like a racial thing this
is something that might be happening to
people and don't make it seem like it's
some type of presence no no trace thing
because it's not cuz it could be yo-chan
it could be a blue chat it could be a
purple chat it doesn't matter now a lot
of people have taken the clip of her
walking toward the freezer and analyzed
it and they think that it looks like
somebody is guiding her now if you look
at the clip some people think it looks
like somebody's holding on to her elbow
and guiding her through the kitchen so
did they could edit it out is that why
it took the hotel a while to release the
footage because they were manipulating
it now what I think is even more
possible if somebody was guiding her
with their voice because when you watch
the clips of her walking
seemed like somebody saying this way
come on over here like it really doesn't
look like she's just being guided this
is where it gets super tricky when I was
doing research on this video last night
I actually started crying because I have
stated this hotel but eventually our
plane landed in the next city on the
tour Chicago that's right on my book
tour I am 99% sure I stayed at that
hotel and this is gonna sound like
bullshit but I promise you it is real
after my book signing I came back to the
room and I took a nap now while I was
falling asleep I heard voices and then I
heard the sounds of girls and I heard
them running around my room then I got a
sleep paralysis if you don't know what
that is
you're very lucky but I was laying in
bed I couldn't move I couldn't speak I
couldn't open my eyes but I could hear
everything that was happening around me
then I heard the sound of a large door
slam and it didn't feel like a normal
door felt like something bigger
maybe metal maybe a freezer door then I
heard the voices of men and I heard them
working on something then I heard a
scream and then I heard feet coming
toward me and I felt a pressure on my
chest and then I woke up screaming now I
was so scared at that moment that I
literally left my hotel room and I went
down to the lobby and I switched rooms
now I've had experiences like this
before I as you guys know always have
ghosts around me but this particular one
was really intense
I called Garrett I called a book
publicist I was freaking out and now a
year and a half later finding out that
this might be a hotel things like this
actually happened maybe I was hearing
the sounds of ghosts who had been
murdered and sold for their organs ah
it's also oh my god
it's all too much ok now this is part 2
of the theory that is crazy but it still
is so creepy to think about now first
let's talk about the actual purchase of
an organ it's very expensive you have to
have a lot of connections and you have
to have a good
alibi so basically celebrities can
probably get organs pretty easily and
what celebrity very recently did Selena
Gomez revealed this morning that she had
a kidney transplant the 25 year old
shared news of this summer surgery on
Instagram I know it sounds crazy but
hear me out
she had this done in Chicago Crowne
Plaza is in Chicago and she has the
perfect alibi I'm sure you guys remember
she posted a picture of her best friend
laying next to her and said that her
best friend gave her her organ that was
this just an elaborate cover-up here's
what's making people think it's all
connected not that long ago Selena Gomez
released a very disturbing music video
called a fetish not in the video she's
doing a lot of weird stuff chewing on
glass laying on the floor kind of losing
her mind but how does the video and oh
that's right
her stumbling into a freezer and staying
there
yeah and if you look at the freezer wall
you see angel wings behind her in ice
so is that replicating as somebody who
died in that freezer to give Salina
organ and listen I don't believe that
theory it's interesting to think about
but her friend did post a picture on
Instagram showing her scar that she had
from removing her organ and I genuinely
don't think Selena Gomez would buy an
organ on the black market but that
doesn't mean that other people don't and
kanika Jenkins might have been a
potential victim of organ trafficking
now I guess we'll find out soon the
autopsy report hasn't come back but if
it does and she's missing an organ well
know either way I send so much love to
the family and I hope you get justice
for your daughter and I hope you find
out how she really died now once again
before I move on I just want to say this
is all a theory it's on the legend I
don't know crown plaza
might not be a place horrible organs are
kept there's a 1% chance I didn't stay
there but I'm pretty sure I did so don't
come after me okay now let's talk about
something a little less dark but just as
scary and that is something that
happened very recently where I live in
California is it the end of the world as
we know it or just a hacker's hoax
Orange County Cable customers for the
ominous prediction on the air today that
the world is going to end Saturday
that's right people in California we're
just watching TV minding their own
business and then an emergency alert
broadcast went on TV and said some very
scary things
yeah in that clip it's a guy talking
about area 51 and saying that the aliens
are coming and sounding terrified and
then there was this one where guys
talking about the end of the world and
the devil
now we still don't know what happened
supposedly the area 51 thing and the
devil thing were both like radio shows
so the stations are saying that there
was like a crossed wire and something
got messed up I don't know some people
think attackers some people think that
it's somebody actually trying to warn us
or something I don't know all I know is
if I was watching TV and that shit went
up I'm out all right now I told myself I
was gonna take a break from little
Michaela because she's been in my life
for a long time now but then this
happened
and I had to talk about it so you guys
have been tweeting the shit out of me
saying we think we found the real
Michaela and I feel like you guys might
be right all right let's talk about a
girl on Instagram named Carly now when
you scroll through her feed it literally
is the human version of little Michaela
I mean some of the pictures are insane
they look just like her this one with
her glasses and her headphones and her
bangs and then this one literally the
same body as Michaela and you put them
side-by-side that's crazy so as I was
scrolling through her feed I saw a
picture of her and her boyfriend his
name is Beth master Griff's
and when you scroll through his feed you
see a lot of pictures of him and his
girlfriend Carly and they look really
cute together and then I saw this yeah a
picture Beth and Michaela he's literally
with her Michaela
not only that when I went to his feed
and Mikayla's feed and looked at them
side by side I saw that they've posted
the same means so this is on his page it
says describe yourself only with
pictures you have you cannot search or
download new pictures it's pink the blue
and the white text then I went to
michaelis page BAM same thing same exact
thing well then I went way back in his
profile so creepy then I saw this
picture of pink Carly and it literally
is Michaela yeah she even looks slightly
digitally enhanced okay so they don't
went back to Carly's feed and I see her
posing in front of a lot of different
colored walls but her favorite is a
lime-green wall so she poses in front of
it with a very blank stare and then she
even posts a building that is lime green
so then I go to Mikayla's page and I see
this yeah literally in front of a green
wall is that the same green wall I don't
know and just to add on even
or insane evidence look at this necklace
that Carly has yeah a gold necklace that
says her name
oh that looks familiar boom Michaela's
necklace the same necklace ah we cracked
the case so then I felt really far down
the hole and I'm like okay so is Carly
Michaela like does Bev her boyfriend
just digitally enhance her pictures to
make her Michaela
but then I'm like no Michaela looks too
fake like I don't think that's a real
person at all then I saw this picture on
Mikayla's feed of her posing with this
girl now this girl's name is princess
Gollum and she looks fake like if I
looked at this picture I would think
that those were two fake people well
then I clicked on her page and I
scrolled through it and she's real so on
Mikayla's feed somebody digitally
enhanced her to make her look fake so is
that picture actually of Carly and
princess Gollum and they've just both
been digitally enhanced yeah I mean
going through his page and Carly's page
I noticed that they're both into music I
think he produces music so is this like
an elaborate stunt that him and his
girlfriend came up with like hey babe
I'm gonna create a person kind of based
on how you look and then you're gonna
sing for her and we'll make you a pop
star was Harley who I talked to on the
phone cuz it was a girl's voice but it
was slightly auto-tune so maybe they
have like an app or something I don't
know I think this is them I genuinely
99.9999% think that this is them and I
also think that they're letting Clues
slip by because some of the pictures
they've been posting recently literally
are just evidence so I don't know if
we'll know for sure I've emailed Mikaela
she hasn't wrote me back but I was like
girl I don't you but I guess we'll find
out soon
Oh Larry guys go those are all the
theories today I know some of them were
very touchy and intense but once again I
want to say no disrespect to any of the
families no disrespect to Selena Gomez
or anybody I talked about these are all
theories and I just enjoy talking about
them all right you guys if you want more
conspiracy to your videos give me a
thumbs up so I know also make sure to
subscribe to my channel right down below
and hit the notification about because I
make new videos every day
and if you want to see my interview with
little Mikaela that it did last week or
my other conspiracy theories about the
Kardashians I'll put some links at the
top of the description below all right
you guys don't believe everything you
see especially
Instagram by
