hey here's a riddle for you how'd he get
a crowd of 500 people to blow their
fucking brains out simultaneously put on
a high school musical hey what's up you
guys now a lot of you that have been
watching me for a long time know that I
was trying to be a pop star at one point
and it did not go well I don't know why
I was trying it out I thought well you
know maybe you'd be fun to do music and
then I did it and then I stopped so I
thought it'd be a fun series if on my
channel I reacted to some of my music
videos and I'm terrified right now this
first one is super love which I know a
lot of people enjoy it makes me want to
super kill myself
I want to super jump out a building and
super hit the super fucking ground super
but I thought it'd be fun to watch it
with you guys and laugh at myself and
hopefully after the videos done I'll
still be here and not with my super head
in my super sink with a super garbage
disposal on super killing myself let's
go oh my god here we go
oh little kids in a park creepy by the
way Oh bruises right away hey guys
here's a fun music video hello read this
whole bitch up by the way if you saw the
movie vacation that little kids steal
was in it Oh bitch if I was a little
girl and some kids like I made you this
some shitty ass coke bottle necklace
with a string Chuck that shit back at
his head and said learn how to treat a
lady
pity hug oh my god oh my god
first of all who let the 25 year old in
high school watching my makeup what is
my face doing look at the time I robbed
the Hot Topic on my way over oh she's so
sad my hair is laid for the gods it's
about to get it ha but don't worry guys
I'm a cheap-ass superhero with
dishwashing clubs you better watch out
what the Queen yo dude oh my god oh no
oh my god oh but no no but I'm actually
not a superhero I'm still an X Hot Topic
employee that just won't stop look at
the runs
look at the hair bounce though it is
kind of beautiful oh my God look at the
sweat stains just like the sweatiest
super we're in the world don't worry I'm
gonna save you but first
anybody got a tide stick it's a Febreze
whoo week that's good the feeling comes
over you
like smell it oh my god do I sweat
stains already tonight oh by the way if
you rewind that it sounds like I'm
saying farting for your love
rubbing it out there what is shitty
lunch fuck to the way an apple a rice
krispies treat a Bologna the sad school
okay first of all that's bullying but I
deserve it dressing like that I also
love that nobody in the school is
looking they're like I'm a gay superhero
with pink extensions and nobody's like
hey we're not in the gay superhero I
can't hug Ally though the song is catchy
as fuck give you my stupid little oh I
felt that one this is the part of video
where it's like oh shit we didn't film
anything for this part of the song just
show the Sun yeah yeah a city that might
be Chicago or Texas who knows oh this is
my favorite part out Jinxy okay you know
auto-tune auto-tune I love that they're
just throwing trash at me
the only realistic part of the video
somebody throwing trash with me I was so
angry those books you know why cuz they
weren't I hate myself available now
you're ready for the most epic special
effects you have ever seen oh no she
ain't gonna be okay boom yeah he's just
gonna pretend to fly up against a stop
sign and then turn into a superhero oh
fuck you oh fuck yeah fuck yeah okay
this next shot I'm not alive I look sexy
I fuck me I can say that I'm by now I
don't look sexy there no I look like
Avril Lavigne died mmm
well I love a good slow-mo romance oh
and then y'all can't see it but we're
just spinning around on a shitty ass
office chair and I was like I'm gonna
throw up I'm gonna throw up imma throw
up it was the least romantic bang of my
life but it looks good yeah by the way
those were fans that were extras and
they could all see my balls in that
superhero outfit so I'm sorry oh you
know what that is a hard video to watch
because it's embarrassing but I am proud
of it I mean you know it's stupid but
it's fun all right guys go that was my
super love video if you haven't seen it
yet well there you go let me comment
down below tell me what music video you
want me to watch next there's the
vacation song there's fuck up is all my
Christmas ones there's all my parodies
from years ago I can give you guys
behind the scenes I could talk about
special things that happen on the set I
can also talk about how bad my hair look
and all of them not that it looks good
right now at you guys I'm gonna go make
sure to subscribe and good resembled a
this video thumbs up and I super love
you guys and I will super see you supe
tomorrow battle ax which funfetti
confection is the perfect wedding trio
this is my kind of question okay we got
doughnuts ooh I love a good doughnut
boom I got Twinkies and even though they
made from fatty Twinkies oh my god is
icing on the inside funfetti I'm too
excited
