I didn't know who I felt worse for the
students who had to perform this
terrible ass play
or the parents who had to watch it enjoy
the show go fuck yourself
well somebody should have to be guys so
today I thought it'd be fun if I took a
quiz and I found a quiz on BuzzFeed
called which gay male celebrity is the
one for you now listen after my coming
out video I know I said I wasn't gonna
do any more videos about being bisexual
bla bla bla but guess what I've been
doing gay videos since 2008 and I'm
never gonna stop so today I'm going to
be doing the quiz and hopefully I'll
find my future dream guy or girl or
animal honestly I'm not picky let's get
started okay which proposal would sweep
you off your feet Oh God anything but a
flash mob I hate flash mob so bad
I don't ready cries at them and they're
like oh my God look the whole family got
together to dance and I'm like groans oh
you want to see my whole family dance
together that's like watching a group of
people in a hospital having seizures at
the same time
okay our options are during a song in
Central Park melt in front of a pop
keynote during a flash mob dope in a
bookstore but I mean maybe in front of
like my I hate myself a shelf then all
the other youtubers would be there
because it'd be like I hate myself be a
work-in-progress
fucking Joey Graceffa gay I don't need
to be reminded all the better-looking
gay youtubers on YouTube by a knight in
shining armor is nothing I hate more
than role play during a private moment
at home yeah that's the one ah
during my giant life oh my god a
commercial break after the giant
realizes she's not gonna go to prom
because a short guy doesn't want to
dance with her and then I'm crying and
then the commercial break comes and I'm
like baby go get miss chocolate cover
almonds let me stuff to take away the
pain and then he comes back with
chocolate-covered almonds and as I dig
through them there's a ring and I said
what the fuck is this why is it so much
ugh look of almonds did you watch this
what can I say I'm a romantic how would
you like your groom to suit up they all
look the same except for that one that's
terrible
I don't care what is that is that
duckies on his time Oh God fucking that
one I guess that's the thing about guys
we all dress boring I have like two
shirts this isn't even mine this is
Drew's it's not helping the relationship
rumors girls can like where 20 different
things and they can like gel themselves
up and be like I'm gonna take 10 hours
to get ready at me if I took 10 hours to
get ready that means I'm having diarrhea
and you should probably call somebody
because it's bad which cast of The Real
Housewives to make a perfect wedding
party I don't know the show
I only know
from what my mom has told me about it um
and she likes the black one so that
would be Elena or she calls it hot Lana
what kind of booze actually cool tone
sorry some of you guys don't know my
beef with Zachary Quinto I'm going to
scroll down so I don't have to see his
mug okay there we go just like that no
face you don't exist to me someone funny
someone daring someone smart someone
chills someone sensual someone sensitive
no funny is funny but then too funny as
a competition cuz I want to be funny and
then if he is funny we're trying out
funny each other and then whatever
having sex with somebody I don't like
cracking jokes and you're like yeah you
want that shit they're like I don't know
if I want shit actually I just and no I
don't need a job but then if they're not
funny you try to make a joke and they
just look at you like it's complicated
someone daring no thank you the last
thing I'm going to do is anything that
could give me another broken leg someone
smart no I don't need that are you
kidding me I want to be the smart one
someone chill no chill is another word
for drugged someone sensual okay but not
too central the last thing I want is
like a couple that's too sensual in
public and when touching each other and
feeling each other and like all up on
each other in the uber and the uber
drivers like where are we going and the
couple's like to the stars
that's fucking creepy ah shit stop
someone's sensitive I like that not too
sensitive because like I don't want us
both to be crying because I already cry
log and I mean I cry during commercials
I cried yesterday during the promo
commercial for little people big world
did you know then that and Amy are
getting a divorce did you know that love
is dead which funfetti confection is the
perfect wedding trio this is my kind of
question okay we got doughnuts blue I
love a good doughnut oh we got Twinkies
I didn't know they made from fatty
Twinkies oh my god is icing on the
inside funfetti I'm too excited okay
ciao what is puppy chow how do I not
know about puppy chow that's new okay
with funfetti cake ooh what's on top of
the design rice krispies oh fuck
a cookie that's boring just a plain
vanilla cake fuck off I'm gonna go this
cake that looks fucking amazing
Oh which gay-friendly locale is ideal
for your wedding destination Oh God
Bora Bora that looks like a lot of water
and a lot of people saying hey Shane
take your shirt off it's cool into your
day no New Zealand no that's real like
Lord of the Rings happened and I'm good
last thing I want is like my ring beard
to go here's your ring my precious shut
the fuck up that movie was ten years ago
get over it Cape Town No Hawaii no that
just sounds like sunburn Canada I love
Canada
y'all do Canada wait is that even legal
so if you want a candidate get married
whatever it's a lot of maple syrup and
I'm all about that life which realistic
Disney Prince is your happily ever after
this is interesting I've never talked
about the kind of guys I'm attracted to
it's none of them so I guess I'll go
with oh good you look like those
horrible sad ex actors that work outside
of Ambercrombie want to try Cologne no
you're making me want to go to college
give up on my dreams and get a
nine-to-five I guess I'll go with Prince
Charming cuz he looks the most normal
I got Conrad something what he may not
be able to teach you how to get away
with murder it's fine I know how to do
that but he can definitely deliver on
the sexiness his sex appeal is only
intensified by his innocent charm the
only drama yo experienced is watching
him on Broadway no I don't do theater
he's the boy next door who you'll
definitely want to bring home to the
family yeah I don't know about that he
looks like he would not survive my
family is rough
we have KFC on Christmas he doesn't look
like he likes KFC well I guess I'll be
alone forever
bye guys go I got some guys never
fucking heard of but whatever that's the
gold miss of being bisexual if I can't
find the guy well we'll just find a girl
if I can't find a girl I'll just fuck
myself let me comment down below telling
me what gay celebrity you want to be
with that's such a weird question oh
this is gathering and it is I'm single
day give this video a thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow I just remember
it's not about looks it's not about any
of that stuff it's about what kind of
funfetti cake you want and if you want
funfetti cake that look like that one
well we can fuck well you guys fight she
looks like the girl that worked a hot
topic that kicked me out like I would go
there and hang out for a long time by my
shirts back on these to sell my shirts
and I just like wait for somebody to
recognize me did I come I got a shane
dawson and be like oh my god I got my
shirts here is that weird and then she'd
be like get the fuck out you loser
