okay so you're gonna meet me in the
auditorium after school for the audition
and can you wear a loser shirt I don't
need any competition in the boob
Department Thanks
you know I'm not a girl right hey that's
if you guys yes it is time again for me
to watch youtubers first videos talk
about them and hope they don't subtweet
me okay so I'm looking if you do visit
you guys wanted me to look up the first
one is bethany mota
okay this video is called first video
smiley face smack in Sephora haul
four-and-a-half million views alright
here we go
she looks like the type of bitch I would
have made fun of me in school though
those gave her a real like sweet on the
outside but then when you turn around
he's like fat fuck
what I didn't see that I'm just like
chillin with my hair clip you ordered
how old are you you're 10 when I was 10
the only thing I was ordering was my mom
around I was like bitch maybe some echo
groaning but I would've been like on
Amazon or something when I was 10 are
you kidding me I got my ass I don't know
how to make fun of this because it's
just a girl trying on makeup I love care
just seems sweet alright let's watch a
different one I need some crazy this one
looks good July favorites her new favor
needs to be a better camera that is the
biggest closet I have ever seen you
could put 20 youtubers in there that
cause it's big enough for all of O -
well what if she pulled out a gun I
would respect that this is my first
favorite it's a rifle I love to scare
people with it at school and this is my
second favorite
it's just chloroform okay I'm not gonna
watch this anymore because number one I
feel creepy she's young number two she's
just cute she's not doing anything crazy
number three is charity lost Dancing
with the Stars to Carleton so she's had
enough second person is Cameron Dallas
this first one is called can you twerk
Wow
I'm gonna ask can some hair guys don't
really know much about me
this is before all that vine money look
at that TV behind him Wow do you rather
have penises why did his obvious fingers
by the way they were all covered in
blood
who is he a serial killer oh I love that
I'm really uncomfortable because you
know that spoon went down
real quick after the camera turned off
like that Jake okay first of all it was
not a coincidence that he had that right
next to his bedside here's a secret
little girls every teenage boy has
measuring tape next to his bed because
every day we hope it'll get bigger he
could take it that was a big second face
if I've ever seen one that's how I want
him to suck my dick with a knife in his
hand
I love the danger alright move on next
is graveyard girl okay I love graveyard
girl I love her with reviews I just
think she's really cool
so hopefully her first video doesn't
make me hate her this one is called it
jiff tutorial on a Mac like the music
okay bitch I get it with the title get
you in hunty no more oh come on
one more one more
we got 30 seconds of titles already 30
seconds what oh my god who is that her
boobs her hair oh my god
when was this that's a different look
she looks like a stripper well like like
Alabama stripper like no a fast beat huh
maybe who knows me I'm really into she's
so lucky this is interesting because I
want your videos now she's like kinda
blah blah here she's like yeah so just
chill out what but it's out but that's
exactly how I used to be in my videos
back in the day well I do have my tits
out but I had been dick out but I was
the same way I was like hey what's up
you guys mama and now I'm like YouTube
makes us crazy this one is called the
scariest ghost hunting experience I've
ever had wow she looks like the girl
that worked at Hot Topic that kicked me
out like I would go there and hang out
for a long time by my shirts back when
they used to sell my shirts and I just
like wait for somebody to recognize me
my company Shane Dawson and be like oh
my god I got my shirts here is that
weird and then she'd be like get the
fuck out you lose her head her tits are
out again nice some of my experiences
with paranormal and any of y'all that
know me on Twitter especially know that
I'm really into what like when I was a
teenager I used to go to like Walmart
sorry my camera turned off and I don't
know if it's because bunny sent her
ghost friends cuz I was like making fun
of them I don't know what happened but
I'm gonna move on to go to the next year
- Burke okay last but not least quinoa
wait now obviously he was part of out -
well he has the face of somebody who's
definitely gonna go to jail at some
point and also the body of somebody who
definitely has back tattoo I've never
seen his back but I'm assuming there's
some kind of big skull with like a snake
coming out of the eye something tasteful
yet douchey okay his first video is
called I whip my hair
okay well that's copyrighted so I
probably shouldn't play that wait all
these videos are copyrighted
everything's a song oh he didn't Avril
Lavigne song okay we're gonna watch
okay first of all oh my god I love the
fred boys he's doing second of all what
is this and the sad part is this is only
four years ago four years ago I look
like this and I did videos like this
four years ago Kian was literally eight
years old and now he's like this fucking
ripped fuckin tattoo guy wait who's
abandoned apartment building are they in
there was like caution tape somebody
died can y'all stop screaming real quick
I know you're getting brutally murdered
with your family but we're trying to do
a parody right now we're trying to get
some views so y'all can just die already
this is amazing
this is golden this is the best video I
have ever seen oh my god
the braces let's talk about the
bracelets there's so many bracelets
there's I can't even count that high was
like 30 that was fuckin amazing I need
one more of those cuz holy shit Lawler
that's not a real thing what is this
Lord of the Rings
yes this song is so good please don't
ruin it I hope you're sleeping alone at
12 unless you sleep with mommy cuz the
thunder and lightning got you started
come back up you're too young for that
where did his undershirt go are they
gonna be naked in this why aren't you
dressed like dad's at a barbecue Oh No
haha okay
well I'm done with the nudity well no
I'm gonna turn my camera off now I'm
pregnant watch the rest of it cuz I
can't stop my guys go hopefully enjoyed
me watching youtubers videos leave some
comments down below what youtubers do
you want me to watch next I was thinking
this video thumbs up and subscribe and I
will see you guys tomorrow and once
again I do not mean any harm
I love all these people if I didn't love
them I wouldn't be watching their videos
and I wish them all the best god I wish
I was as rich as bethany mota one day
shakers later I was all ah baby you like
that and he was like
so much better than my stupid fucking
girl
