hello everyone my name is Alexis chisel
and welcome to bomb.com we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet
so as always online there are a lot of
weird obscure trends that are difficult
to keep track of so today I'm going to
be delving into the current world of
weird internet trends and reenacting or
testing out a bunch of them so you guys
can see if you're interested in
participating let's begin first things
first we're going to be starting with
the oldest one on the list and this is a
vine trend that involves these bad boys
officer I got one question for you
Waterloo Waterloo you thought whips were
for hitting people silly goose no people
are for hitting whips hello I will now
attempt to do the whip my hood on okay
so first we will look up the proper song
which I believe is nasty something
something something something freestyle
I'm vibing it with this so a Hertz you
see it flowing
but the whip isn't the only thing you
can hit a newer trend is hitting the
Quan you can hit the Quan is it
pronounced Quan okay so next I'm going
to hit the Quan which I know even less
about so I'm gonna try and watch a video
see if I'm learning okay let's try
another video I'm hit the Quan original
what does it complicated okay you know
what I'm going to do my best okay
that was tiring and not aesthetically
pleasing and here was a new trend that
is currently sweeping YouTube I don't
know if there's an official name for it
but it could best be described as the
Taco Bell blender challenge so it turns
out I do not own a blender but I figured
out a solution instead blending up my
own Taco Bell I ordered some Taco Bell
that is already pre blended alright hmmm
this is great I've heard other people
who did this challenge make such a big
deal out of it blended up Taco Bell
tastes really good I'd like the movie
frozen in my mouth and finally a new
internet trend for when internet trends
just get too much and you got a blast
got a blast done laughs a blast didn't
we just say goodbye but walk in the same
direction huh got a blast oh and aunt
asking about my relationship status got
a blast are you police officers that
have come to arrest me god bless thank
you guys for watching this trendy
episode of bob comely we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel if
you enjoyed this week's episode or want
more episodes where irena things give
this video a thumbs up and be sure to
follow me on my social media put our
Instagram links are in the description
question of the day you try and keep up
with it or not trans or did you just
kind of let it happen let me know by
leaving a comment I will see you guys
next week with a brand new episode of
bang calm Saul good huh
