hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news
my name is destron when I go out
clubbing I'm the guy you see in the
corner doing such great dance moves as
the unenthusiastic fist-bump be slightly
raising the roof and be inappropriate
hip thrust it's safe to say I've been
kicked out of a few clubs for being too
cool but this is one thumb up news we
talk about the really fucking weird ass
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first thing that I
want to talk about today is the story of
the Iowa Taco Bell that was closed down
this last week after police found an
active meth lab in it when Taco Bell
tells you to think outside the bun I
don't think this is what they meant but
barely two employees of the Cedar Rapids
Iowa Taco Bell 56 year old Kent Jerome
doobie and 31 year old Christopher Adam
Backhouse set up a makeshift meth lab in
the utilities closet of the Taco Bell
and told officers that it was for
personal use to quote stay high all the
time
totally I love it when I'm at work and
I'm just tripping balls it's great
people say no they too have been fired
from the Taco Bell which makes sense
because running a meth lab out of your
place of work is definitely one of those
offenses you should be fired over you
don't get a warning for running a meth
lab from your work hey Todd not gonna
ask you again okay man we're selling
burritos here not meth can I do both no
no no ah man well so it seems like
someone should have been able to smell
it I mean when I make that you can
really smell it smells like chemicals
and Happiness so either this was some
weak-ass shit or the smell of tacos
somehow mask the smell of meth also the
Taco Bell was closed down during police
investigation which caused people in the
community to voice their opinions about
it saying things like gosh well that's
interesting I definitely didn't know
there were the best lab here in
tocqueville Wow okay wow that is a
surprise to me I definitely came here
for the tacos and not for the meth that
I usually get here yeah I no idea no
idea where am I gonna buy meth now
anyways management plans to reopen the
Taco Bell as soon as they know there
isn't any dangerous chemicals or meth
residue that could get inside the food
and honestly I don't do drugs but if I
were to do drugs sign me up for a meth
taco because that sounds amazing that's
what the fuck news we have our asshole
of the day award which goes to a group
that wants to sue his wife-to-be
after he was traumatized when he saw her
without makeup for the
first time Wow and I thought I was an
asshole for being disgusted when my
girlfriend and morning breath but you
weren't there man that shit smells like
the goblin king from The Hobbit pubes
smelled like the inside of a tauntaun
star wars I thought they smelled bad
last time what's supposed to lady
morning after the marriage the husband
woke up next to a clean face bride and
didn't recognize her thinking she was
actually a thief there to steal shit
from him okay how ugly did this chick
have to be for him to literally be
traumatized like I know makeup makes a
big fucking difference I don't know if
you've ever seen Lady Gaga without
makeup but holy shit I still have
nightmares about it but for someone to
be in a relationship about to marry
someone and then suing them because they
woke up next to them and they didn't
look exactly how they did the night
before it's the most fucked-up thing
I've ever heard and honestly I mostly
feel bad for the guy because if his
expectation is for his wife to just be
perfect looking all the time it's gonna
be a very sad and lonely god what is he
gonna tell any girl he meets in the
future the reason for his divorce he's
got a girl a terrible morning branded
like she aged and makeup changes her
appearance
oh hey where you going sugar - but
really the Algerian groom is seeking
$20,000 in damages from his wife for
psychological suffering and I honestly
just hope that the girl goes on to marry
someone who isn't a giant shallow moldy
dick hole also if this guy's allowed to
sue his bride for wearing makeup my life
is sooo Taco Bell for not putting meth
in my tacos I'm serious man meth tacos
sound amazing good more what the fuck
news a woman is reported to be going
blind after she claimed to consume more
than 28 red Bull energy drinks a day
okay one Red Bull is supposed to give
you weeks I don't even want to know what
28 would give you but what the fuck do
you need that much energy for you
fighting Frieza from Dragon Ball Z later
but suppose levy 26 year old Nina loop
RA from Northern Ireland claims that she
wasn't aware of the damage she was doing
to her body until last June where she
collapsed on her floor according to her
doctors another major factor for her
collapse could be the fact that she is
grossly overweight weighing around 400
pounds which is probably most likely
attributed to the almost 3,000 calories
of just Red Bull she drinks a day Lina
says I used to drink 28 cons of Red Bull
in a day and I'd only have
meal at night but it usually be
something faster you like takeaway or a
package of pasta what in God's name is a
packet of pasta I've been suffering from
migraines and headaches for about five
years and I just ignored them and took
painkillers in my vision weight and I
couldn't even lift my head off a bed
yeah that's not good but also I call it
bullshit on the whole Red Bull gives you
wings motto there's a butterfly dying on
the ground the other day and I gave you
some Red Bull pinky would give it wings
but it just died look lady I don't know
what shit you get up to that requires 28
Red Bulls a day I don't know if you're
planning to run 27 marathons or having
sex with an entire herd of zebra but
what I do know is that life is enjoyable
when you take things in moderation
unless it's a meth taco with go nuts
lastly in some movie news the first
teaser trailer for Zoolander 2 was
released and I don't know if you guys
saw the first Zoolander movie but it is
just so terrible in the best way
I just hope in Zoolander 2 they keep it
the same way and not just have it just
be terrible if God exists then why did
he make ugly people also the first
trailer for the Deadpool movie was
released this week and holy shit does it
look amazing
hey destory geo came in but yeah I'm
just so excited they're keeping the best
aspects about Deadpool from the comics
from the overly graphic nature of
everything to the solid are rating that
Marvel probably didn't want to do this
is the goofy humor that makes Deadpool
Deadpool I can't leave a feeling it'll
be a new favorite Marvel movie of mine
it is set to come out in February 2016
but that is it for this episode of what
the fuck dude I watched another day for
you lovely individuals is would you ever
try a meth taco yes we stop talking
about meth tacos fine a real question
then is who would you sue if you could
sue anyone let me know in the comments
down below all of these stories as
always in the description down below as
well as all of my links including
Facebook Twitter and my own youtube
channel at youtube.com slash captain
Destin so make sure you go subscribe I
post videos there pretty much every week
and I hope to see you there that being
said I will see you next time for
another one to fuck news thanks for
watching and fair with
