patty Stephens will you go out on a date
with me No Hey look you guys I don't
know about you but sometimes I just want
to hide away in my house and turn off
all the lights and curl up on the couch
and put a blanket over my head and cry
for about two hours and then need a big
20 pack of chicken nuggets unfortunately
I can't do that because I have a
nine-to-five job so I know it oh wait no
I don't I'm gonna go by just kidding all
right here twenty nine it's already at
5:30 p.m. I've already taken my trip to
McDonald's talk about Wendy's Carl's jr.
and Jack of the box anyways today I'm
going to be doing another yummy nummy
bunny tummy waste of money uh yes you
guys loved what I did the last yummy
nummies I didn't but I does not do it
anyways this is chicken nuggets as they
put it chicks
mini nugget maker tastes like real
nuggets what does that even mean what
the fuck is a real nugget no gets aren't
even real Nuggets are fake that's the
point of a nugget also it's a super tiny
gonna cut off that sticker and put down
there okay I'm really excited about this
it says it only takes 15 seconds to make
which is probably twice as long as it
takes to make McDonald's let's get
started
YUM first I just want to say how excited
he is to be dunking that nugget into
that big bowl of blood also kind of
looks like me after facetune just a
cartoon all right it looks easy there's
only a few things and I already dropped
him in the sink oh my god on the thing
it's me and Jenna Marbles just making
Burgers and Fries
except we would never do that because we
just GrubHub everything okay so here's
the Nuggets so I'm guessing you just
dumped it in here like that
Oh oh my god the smell oh my god you
can't smell it but wolf all right so
let's add a little water
little-known fact I applied for a job at
McDonald's when I was like 18 and I got
rejected they said I didn't have the
McDonald's look I was 400 pounds I
literally was McDonald's like I said
more have the Taco Bell look mixing and
mixing I am mixing up this shit it's so
disgusting I'm still gonna eat it
a'right mmm
mmm McDonald's we love to see you get
diarrhea so now we're just gonna pack it
into the little nugget thingies by the
way can we just be honest right now I
know everybody hates on McDonald's and
it's like oh my god it's so gross how
could you eat that my mom right I mean
there is honestly nothing better than a
big bag can we keep it real oh my god in
there shakes and I know technically
they're not really milkshakes because
they're made of plastic but still I mean
Taco Bell was so BAE but you know
McDonald's is that bitch on the side so
now we're just gonna put this in the
microwave for 15 seconds like a told us
all right here we go it's not the
happiest of meals it's clinically
depressed let's try to just plop it out
yeah I know that's stuck in there okay
great well luckily you won't be able to
tell how gross they are because we gonna
cover them in bread crumbs all right
look at that nug YUM
all right so you just pour the crumbs on
it like that I guess and you just holy
fuck that hot okay hot nugget and then
you just roll it around just think about
a McDonald's employee doing this with
your nugget just itching their fucking
sack and then rolling your nugget around
in some nasty little skin flakes
obviously I would say leave it alright
there's our nug now we just got to make
the ketchup which by the way who dips
their nuggets in ketchup
kind of fucking neanderthal would do
that oh my god sweet and sour sauce
barbecue sauce huh ranch once in a while
I can talk about Nuggets forever mixing
up the ketchup there it is booth time to
carry that nugget they're all gonna
laugh at you Carrie yeah Oh God what the
hell did I just do
oh it looks like we'll be on a trade
table at a plastic surgeon's office look
what we took out can you believe you
have all that in there mmm all right I
think we're done all right here we go
time to taste oh my god
this smell that's radiating off of this
is more intense than the smell that's
radiating off of me and I just went to
the gym I just went to the gym crippled
which means 10 times the work 10 times
this way 10 times the people looking at
you going yikes oh the crazy part is it
smells like McDonald's but it smells
like McDonald's let's spend like sitting
in the back seat of your car for like a
month and you like that me thumbs I
smell and then you still eat it
don't act better than me all right here
we go oh god I don't know if I can do
this this might be the first one I don't
do okay all right here we go oh
Oh mom spaghetti oh ok ok ok here we go
Cheers yummy mommy no me No Oh crazy
part is what I spit it out at the sink
and look like I just popped the world's
big as it yeah boy you guys go that was
my chicken nuggets I don't know who the
fuck would make this and eat this I
don't know what the fuck children's do
that's why I don't want none but damn
alright yeah is that what you're cooking
with me I ain't gonna make sure this
video thumbs up and let me a comment
letting me know what you mean on me or
poppin cookin I should do next
also maybe there's a good one that I can
do so I don't have to spit up in the
sink again mom alright you guys I love
you and I'll see you mom I love people
getting shot and falling and all that
shit but in real life if you saw
somebody and you thought they got shot
that's not a laughing moment that's a
Jimmy a running away from Rick when he
has the gun and he's covered in feathers
moment and don't make me relive that
moment because I would get emotional oh
that's okay handle it
