ABC put a bullet in your head and
fucking kill yourself you fucking bitch
hey what's up you guys yes about a month
ago I did a try not to laugh challenge
and I decided it was time to do it again
mainly because I just want to smile I
just want to feel joy I just want to
have a laugh once in a while while I'm
doing the wrong challenge and because
this is the third time and I know I'm
probably not gonna like
who knows maybe today will be the day
all right guys are you ready for the
challenge I know I'm not alright here we
go what is happening
call Mike okay can we just what first of
all I don't know if you guys have ever
actually seen the original video of that
turtle fucking mass shoe first of all I
didn't laugh
I just silently watched it 85 times and
there was a lot of me going oh got weird
what we're done man again oh yeah
challenge let's get back to it oh my god
what is happening that's what dads are
not allowed to have iPhones and
definitely not a lot of of art thanks
Paul please fall please fall man please
get shot the head pleasing shot him head
hit hit your head what the fuck okay you
can't do that to me
you can't show me a dumb ass guy a
frisbee and the freeway full of cars and
nobody does some bullshit that's like
having a girl get down on her knees ago
and then she starts brushing her teeth
hate you for the brush my teeth with my
dick Oh poopie oh that's so cute
oh I hope she poops don't can't do that
to me again
you show me doc pooping you show me a
little girl she got a diaper full of
poop and you're not gonna let me see you
come out let's move on oh no oh no he's
gonna fall that haircut though oh oh
gasps that's that's a kid that's gonna
shoot up a school right there not just
because of the evil laugh and the one to
kill people in the car but that haircut
he's about to get bullied oh my god
what's happening oh my god what's
happening he just got shot in the head
that is not okay first of all you know
me I love death I love people getting
shot falling and all that shit but in
real life if you saw somebody and you
thought they got shot that's not a
laughing moment that's a Jimmy running
away from Rick when he has the gun and
he's covered in feathers moment and
don't make me relive that moment because
I would get emotional
much say oh that's okay handle it what
is happening oh my god Oh first of all
that does not happen I know there's a
myth out there that when you're peeing
you're not allowed to fire because if
you fart your key will blow up or your
butt will blow up or I don't know I've
done it all nothing happens I have
thrown up shit piss and burped at the
same time and you know what happened my
mom had a lot to clean up but nobody
blew up
except for me laughing when I was
watching my mom on her hands and knees
cleaning up my shit we have a healthy
relationship yeah yes yeah yes fuck it
what I need to rewind that yes yes
hahaha yes bitch yes do you think she's
grown up now and she's watching this
video and she's like now she didn't make
it with all that brain damage
hahahaha but she has the brain damage
hit the concrete that hard I mean look
at me I just fell on a roller rake and
I'm fucked oh my god I did I lost the
challenge I laugh I laugh hard oh my god
I needed a dad look at him this little
cute hotel robe and he's like girl you
gonna get some dick tonight and though I
was she gonna get some dick you gonna
find it on the floor cuz it done fell
off look at that look at that
Oh everybody's table boom ha ha that's
some good shit oh hell yeah teach met a
young age let's go to a different video
oh yes little kid who hit her in the
head with the iPad fuck yeah fuck yeah
Oh Oh what just happened that was like
the end of the rig what the fuck oh my
god it was like a voodoo thing like he
hit him something that she hit herself
huh is voodoo real can I do Luton I'm at
Google damn Oh
oh my god yeah no I need it again honey
here one more time oh oh oh
I love life Oh does she get hit with a
cookie drink that's literally me when I
ran into my mom and I'm like mom can I
lick the cookie batter bitch let me cook
them first
my mom had a nervous birthday oh no oh
the tree the whole things coming down oh
it's all coming down fuck yeah fuck yeah
eat shit
oh snap snap snap oh come on
yes oh I didn't hear it oh oh no oh no
oh god oh no no no no no no oh I don't
think hitting in the nuts is funny
because I've felt that feeling before
mmm no I mean hitting in the vagina
clean up on aisle me I mean I will just
laugh till I cry but not the balls throw
a flame oh no oh my god that a firework
oh god what is he doing we're parted eh
oh that's an ass it's a mess I knew it I
put my ass in a bra no you wouldn't even
question it you'd be like why is that
hairy ass in a bra oh no oh no oh God oh
and that's my ass get a good look kids
exactly what it looks like except I have
a birthmark this big which I was like
alright guys go those were all my try
not to laughs today and I failed
miserably finally it won me over let me
know down the comments if you laughed
and what part you laughed at also this
video thumbs up and subscribe and the be
new videos everything day and I'll see
you ask
this is gyro gyro gyro I don't care it's
some kind of big old pussy sandwich so
oh no what oh oh oh it tastes like
throw-up mixed with poison mixed with
when I expect the cake bus's armpit
smell like just not good
