okay you're talking to the guy who fell
down the bleachers at homecoming last
year and killed three cheerleaders that
was pretty intense
yeah hey out of you guys yes it is my
favorite time of year
no not Christmas no not Thanksgiving
where you and your family come together
and talk about much you love each other
fuck that shit I'm talking about way
ladies comes out with a bunch of new
crazy-ass chips and I try it and I
probably will throw up last year didn't
go so well oh I hate it oh my god I
ain't it somebody peeing my mouth yeah
yeah that was not delicious but I have
more hope this year because lace has
four more flavors and by the way this is
not sponsored I am NOT getting paid to
eat these chips although if I was well
that would be the best job ever Oh guys
time to go to work again uh-uh I didn't
go to college all right let's get
started first chip flavor is New York
Ruben Studdard ooh
tastes like a pop okay this literally is
just the sandwich that looks like well
looks like pussy oh no it looks like a
pussy but cheese on it yeah and even oh
no oh no oh it smells like a pussy with
cheese on it no actually it smells like
a bologna sandwich and I don't know
about you but Bologna brings back a lot
of sad childhood memories well that in
Febreze because we were too poor to do
our laundry all the time so my mom would
just hope the kids don't make fun of you
all right here we go Cheers Oh as is
similar to a pussy with cheese on it
at first I was nervous and then I was
like you know what this is normal this
is natural for me let a guy looking fuse
then I was okay with it and then
somebody put cheese on him and I was
even better with it actually don't hate
this this was made by Jeff it says I
work in a restaurant where Reuben
sandwiches are a big seller it reminds
me of my upbringing in Long Island where
delis we're very prominent hey Jeff shut
the fuck up it's a chip I don't need
your life story I don't need no dry my
life although what if talk about their
to drop my life oh my god I want to know
where the Crunchwrap came from did he
get bullied in school did his mom die
what happened to the double decker huh
let's move on all right this next one is
Southern biscuits and gravy
well that's America Oh
doesn't smell like anything literally
just smells like a bag of chips
so I already hate it doesn't help that I
just brush my teeth although it reminds
me of when I would eat breakfast in the
morning before school and then brush my
teeth
thank you hungry again because I was you
know fab and then I would eat again and
I'd be like oh I just brushed my teeth
out brush my teeth again I'm not gonna
eat anymore and then I read you and it
was a long cycle until the bus came I
don't know how I feel about this one it
really does not taste like that much
let's see what she has to say for
herself Haley says my grandma and
grandpa are from Tennessee my grandma or
as I call her my Nami we really are
about your grandma Haley we thought well
we talked about yo biscuits and gravy
nobody's a walking cookbook full of
southern staples my absolute favorite is
she makes as her biscuits and gravy the
story stop I want somebody to be like I
was in a car crash I was head through
the windshield blood was seeping out of
my head and I thought before I die
neither leave the world with one last
thing this is the gravy chips I vote for
that all right whatever that one's fine
truffle fries I am so excited about this
one
fries are one of my favorite things all
time I would rather have a fried and
have a person I would rather have
ketchup and have money I would rather
have poutine than have pussy so very
excited right now Oh
oh my god life has a meaning life has a
purpose
I want to live oh my god who made this
Angie Angie says every time I see
truffle fries on the menu it's the first
thing I ordered yet Queen the aromatic
flavor of a truffle is mouth-watering
bitch fuck yet Angie bitch yes I hope
you win Angie you deserve everything you
deserve the world bitch Angie I want to
meet you I'm gonna do a video with you
bitch oh how many see what you taste
like okay so far that's in the lane we
have one more to go
this is gyro gyro gyro I don't care it's
some kind of big old pussy sandwich so
oh no oh what oh oh oh it tastes like
throw-up mixed with poison mixed with
when I expect the cake boss's armpit
smell like just not good all right let's
do this come the fuck on what the fuck
what do they roll it around in oh god
okay here we go huh oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh fuck
who made this James fuck you James
there's a little Greek place in town
that makes the most amazing gyros bitch
you never been there because it's ain't
it the uniquely cooked that's a word for
it unique that's like when they tell
somebody on American Idol who's fucking
terrible they're like you know what you
got a unique sound you're terrible bitch
Oh covered in something kind of sauce
onions lettuce and feta cheese and a
fresh pita mmm you know what no buddy
want lettuce flavors in your chips it
defeats the purpose
oh fuck you this is horrible I'd say my
top favorite was definitely truffle
fries and then uh biscuits and then
Reuben and then whatever fuck this was
while there you guys go
my job here is done and yes this is my
job I've got college ID you guys make
anything I thought everybody would be
unfunny with you beggars Canyon is
everything like I'll see you guys
tomorrow
if you try these with your favor also
with your least favorite flavor if you
don't say this one I don't want to know
you buy tell us the secret about
yourself that we don't already know well
people know that I'm pooped my pants
before but I also recently peed my pants
while running really what well I was
running because I was trying to get to
the toilet
I was with Hannah and she was making me
laugh and then she was also taking a
picture of me as I was running away
peeing my pants I'm gonna need to see
that picture
