that's how I lost my virginity to this
protractor you should try to fuck her oh
my god a lot of you know I'm gonna do a
test to do okay if your real true friend
okay you're gonna smell me and be honest
and tell me if you smelly because I can
smell it okay two places first armpit
second place to this area because
there's a lot going on smells like
deodorant smells a little high
guys we do and all I gotta do something
gay either coming out gay dates a pussy
and I'm like no because here's the thing
we're not just our sexuality it's early
so I decided that we should do that
answer questions on Twitter challenge
now I'm gonna think the most interesting
questions I can find and we're gonna
have to be completely honest okay right
I think you know that was a good honesty
test that we just did whatsoever do you
want - hiccup way to go I really like
Ellen Page interesting have you seen her
in person
I haven't she has the body and the face
and attitude of a five-year-old
interesting little intense
I've enjoyed her films I follow her on
Instagram
and she seems cool do you ever see that
movie where she chopped off that guy's
dick and balls no hard can't really good
she like ties him up and she's like oh
yeah yeah yeah you like five year old
boys bitch ah which is cousin and it's a
mom with scissors Oh should have done
this scissoring challenge oh my god well
is my answer still Ellen Page even more
so because that's mother yeah okay tell
us a secret about yourself that we don't
already know well people know that I'm
pooped my pants before but I also
recently peed my pants while reading
really what well I was running because I
was trying to get to the toilet I was
with Hannah and she was making me laugh
and then she was also taking a picture
of me as I was running away peeing my
pants oh I'm gonna need to see that
picture
that's what lesbian sex life because I'm
in I drink my own pee for the first time
are you was it what was it super watery
or was it very like you're in E yes
that's a check no it was like seawater
like I was at the beach huh big wave hit
me except for it was piss oh it was
yellow and it was dark out of a dark
beat and it aged because you know I pee
into a container because I'm on my
scooter and it's too hard to get to the
toilet so I pee to a container then I
left it on my bedside table for like two
days and it was like brown wait so if
you not only drank your peas but you
drank your aged around a little bit
fermented Peas
I've always wanted we both have peace
secrets that's great
we're the same person I know we really
are I wouldn't be opposed to having a
little sip of like very watery pee you
know when it's super watery like almost
clear a challenge I mean it would happen
to my pee I don't wanna drink someone
else's kill will you ever follow me no
what do you do
I'd like I'll give you a hug that's
working get them all on the stranger I
have noticed that somehow I have like
followed people that I don't know you're
probably getting happy oh okay wait
sandy have you sent me actually I slid
into your DMS and told you that you won
an iPad oh oh well I'll just take a
normal pad you have one you're on your
period yeah wait you're a tampon girl no
I'm a pad girl I don't want tampon
you're still tiny though no ever then I
have like a pad a really show Oh
I mean they've come a long way they're
not like diapers like they used to be
although you still can get the hefty
ones which are fine and gray and
sometimes you do need something
depending on your flow by the way guys
if you want to check out her talking
about more like your last and final
question this is a serious one can you
please share your retrospective
experiences with coming out on such a
large scale series music it was kind of
like farting something that I've always
wanted to do
never had the guts to and I didn't want
everybody to smell what I was cooking
but then once they smelt it they were
okay with it and the smell went away
after a few days and some actually
really liked and some really liked it
and then sometimes the smell got so
intense that the views went out so high
the smell was so big and then everybody
forgot and went back down I will say
bought a serious note that I think my
relationships on the internet and off
the internet have become more meaningful
because that glass wall is down and I'm
giving myself to people so in turn
they're giving more themselves back
which is really awesome to see I'm
seeing different sides of people and
it's it's so cool a hundred percent and
I reason I loved your video so much was
because you said the thing about the
walls which is something that I was
dealing with at the time I was like oh
my god that's literally exactly how I
feel I feel like everybody around me
there's like a wall up so I'm different
around everybody I listen to a certain
person around everybody now I'm the same
person around everybody you know Carrie
yeah so now I'm more friends with people
house friends with and I'm less friends
with people I didn't really like in the
first place exactly it's like you're
just giving more of you and it's awesome
it's great because then we can talk
about period blood and boobs and all of
that stuff I did that before yes here
you cut Google if he didn't make me
watch bear porn the first time we ever
hung out by the way now that sounds
really shady it's not gay men love that
Harry with actual bears and they were
actually anyways yes please go over her
channel we did a video where she came
into my place and she looked at my shit
and she made fun of everything and I
made fun of it and then we were all down
my little scooter and she got huge
tickle biddies yeah check it out and I
will see you guys tomorrow I shouldn't
don't let them smell it's so strong and
it might go
laughs bye guys
I love you add yourself it's all I've
ever wanted I mean it smells like a big
mat people love a mat then my friend
left and I had ordered my friend a pizza
earlier you know me I don't need pizza I
mean this body I gotta keep this body in
check got upset and I walked to the
kitchen wallet to keep it real I'm
rolling to the kitchen on my sad little
roller scooter which if you haven't seen
it yet there it is I want to kill myself
