uh I was gonna try not to cry or
anything and then I just realized that
that's behind me fuck I love Vegas you
guys know that that was not planned that
it seemed very it seemed very staged uh
it wasn't I am sad but I wanted to post
a video not to cry and like I don't know
fucking do that shit that's not what I
was trying to do it just happened right
you don't know let's have it
just put it in there okay I wanted to
help and I am a youtuber so the way I
can help is like this like a like a
video so I am going to put right here
where you can donate blood they need it
if you are near Vegas please and you
have time and you can do it please do it
I'm gonna put where you can donate money
for families and victims I'm gonna put
all the links at the top and description
I've already donated the second I could
I'm just sad and I know a lot of people
are gonna give me shit and be like oh
fucking people die every day shame like
shit like this happens all the time like
and I I get that and I agree that the
world's fucked and shit happens a lot
and we tend as a society to you know go
on Twitter and put like hashtag pray for
a blah blah blah and then like two days
later its back to like Kylie Jenner is
pregnant like I get that and it sucks
and it's fucked up that that's the world
but it doesn't change the fact that like
I'm fucking sad and I was up all night
and I was refreshing everything trying
to see what was going on and I was like
reading the stories of all the victims
and I just it doesn't you know and I
love Vegas so much like and I think
maybe that's why I tating me extra hard
like Vegas is my favorite place in the
whole world clearly you know
um there is something about it that
feels like safe which is ironic and
weird but it does it felt safe it felt
like everybody was there to party and
have fun and laugh and like nobody
judged you know it was one of the first
places that me and Rylan went when we
started dating I'm like held hands in
public and stuff because nobody in Vegas
felt like nobody Vegas judges you know
like everybody's like just happy to be
there and I'm cranking oh well fuck it
who cares I'm sorry okay it's just a
really good good place and happy happy
place so I think that's why I really
fucked up over it and I'm I'm not
uploading this week so I'm sorry but I I
feel fucking weird my videos are dark
like conspiracy videos this week might
another DEATH video thing I was going to
talk about snapchat and deaths I don't
even know
I just feel fucking weird posting shit
right now so I'm not I'm going to post
next Monday starting fresh next Monday
with videos but this week No so yeah
once again all the links are down there
to donate I'm going to end this video
with just as many pictures as I could
find a victims and people who were
affected by what happened and um and
Vegas
I love you and thank you for being my
favorite place and I can't wait to go
back
Oh
you shut hell out but I can't hear a
word you say I'm talking loud not saying
much I'm criticized ooh I will bore it's
we go say you shoot me down but I get up
wave
