remind me why you wanted to hang out
again oh how many times are we gonna
have to go over this because you're fat
and you're ugly and you make me look
hotter by comparison oh right
hello my name is Alexis she's all and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet so twitter has been absolutely
freaking out of the brand-new One
Direction song called drag Zayn down I
mean drag me down to me this sounds like
a very internet kid anthem like oMG drag
me I have yet to hear the song I know
absolutely nothing about it so the jury
is still out on what kind of drag the
song entails maybe it's a drag from a
cigarette maybe it's driving someone's
career through the mud and into a grave
who knows so today I thought it would be
fun for us to sit down together and give
this brand-new 1d song a nice little
listen with our ears and then I would
provide you guys with my opinion and
general commentary ding let's begin
first of all One Direction fans if you
end up being mad at me it's always the
worst when you're angry so I'm sorry
you're putting that on yourself but is
it not on YouTube Spotify but never your
One Direction drag me so far gentle
murmuring my body's going like this so I
think is a good sign that sounds like
some severe codependency issues okay
that's not healthy at all get some good
friends whoever is singing I don't know
which one of you I can tell
oh really good but like I don't
instantly love it but I can mmm
85 percent guarantee you that in a week
I'm gonna be jamming to this pretty hard
C okay I'm really just not doing the
whole like codependency thing you do not
rely on a person to see your tomorrow
it's all up to you you have to have
confidence from your inside and you
can't depend completely on other people
in yourself that's just not healthy
mm-hmm taught me how to be someone no no
you do that for yourself okay definitely
into the this whatever is happening
you're musically into it okay I've heard
enough
so overall musically I'm into it
definitely not against it I can't tell
it any given moment who's singing I
don't know I don't think I know all the
One Direction people's names either but
whichever one is singing like I won't
see the sunshine and she's made me who I
am that's not healthy I think that you
should seek out some therapy for your
severe codependency issues so since a
One Direction fandom is freaking out
about this song all over Twitter at the
moment I thought I would go through the
hashtag and lead a few of my favorites
to you guys
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching this quick episode of bomb.com
we didn't hit you with our awesome
internet shop know if you enjoyed this
week's episode give it a thumbs up you
can also follow me on twitter at Alexis
she saw my highly recommended portion of
the night what are your thoughts on drag
me down do you love it do you hate it
are you gonna drag it leave them in the
comments below I will see you guys next
week with a brand new episode of I'm
calm
solve it
