525,000 you're fat you're fat
hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is desperate
my mom is even weirder than I am here's
a picture of it it's not a joke but I
love you mom but this is what the fuck
news we talked about the really weird
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first thing that I
have to mention is the drama that
happened after Nicki Minaj found out she
wasn't nominated for the VMAs video of
the Year award
apparently Nicki got angry when she
found out their music video for both
feeling myself and anaconda I'd only
been nominated for two awards but not
including video of the year which she
clearly felt those videos deserved ok I
just like to point out that this is the
same music video that has almost a
10-second clip of Nicki Minaj laughing
and talking about her ass that's fucking
hilarious Nicki ya know I still don't
know what's so funny about that but
after finding out about the nomination
she took to Twitter where she ain't
going rose hey MTV thanks for the
nominations three kissy faces did
feeling myself missed the deadline or
that was a different kind of hard it's
anaconda would be nominated for the Best
Choreography and bid of the year as well
three happy faces okay I just want to
interject for a second and say what in
anaconda deserves the best choreography
award it's a five minute video of girls
shaking their butthole their butthole
what was even choreographed and cut I'm
sorry Nicki you just shake your anus way
too many time in that last take so ah
shit anyway she goes on to say when
other girls drop a video that breaks
records and impacts culture they get
that nomination 38 happy faces if your
video celebrates women with very slim
bodies you'll be nominated for video of
the year 13 happy face Taylor Swift ruse
video for bad blood got nominated for
video of the year felt as though these
tweets were directed at her and
responded saying I've done nothing but
love and support you it's unlike you to
pet women against each other maybe one
of the band took your spot if I win
please come up with me you're invited to
any stage I've ever on that's a horrible
Taylor Swift impression anyways - which
Nicki responded sings ah you must not be
reading my tweets didn't say a word
about you I love you just as much but
you should speak on this at Taylor Swift
13 honestly no my question is who gives
a shit you were still nominated for
three other
I've never been nominated or won
anything in my entire life unless you
count my high school yearbook you
dominated me for most likely to end up
in a meth trailer by age 30 and most
likely to still be the bed I'll have you
know that I stopped being the bed when I
was 12 so because I still have a few
years to end up in a meth trailer the
point is your music and video about fat
asses didn't get nominated for best
video of the year cry about it
and more with the hook news remember
that time when you're trying to save up
for something really awesome but then
you just spent all your money on
glow-in-the-dark condoms flavored lube
and call of duty black ops 2 now just me
okay well in any case you probably won't
feel as bad as the 22-year old college
student who spent her entire $90,000
college savings fund on clothes and a
trip to Europe what the fuck kind of
clothes did she buy with a clothes man
had a fucking whale skin and orphan
tears like what the fuck but importantly
the girl blames her parents for her
spending saying quote maybe they should
have taught me I had a budget love it
more carefully they never sat me down
and how like a real serious talk about
it they're not being honest with me and
saying they don't have money my dad is
worth for like a million years and they
have a retirement account that was
honestly the worst voice I have ever
done in my life I'm sorry and I don't
want to take sides on this but if her
dad has really been alive for like a
million years maybe you should have
given her some of his wisdom you know
I'm just kidding yeah no she's an idiot
and I'm not gonna lie when I was in
middle school I think I stole like five
hundred dollars from my stepdad and just
spent it all on Magic the Gathering
cards and a gameboy advance so I'm
definitely not saying that my spending
habits are any better than hers but the
bad things is that this money was set up
by her grandparents to give her a proper
education and she just threw it all away
such a shame yeah she needed that
education because she's really fucking
dumb
anyways no word yet if she plans to
finish college or how she'll even do
that now that she has literally zero
dollars in her bank account now but one
thing's for sure mom and dad probably
won't be giving you any money any time
soon next month the fuck news a woman
got pregnant after having a one-night
stand with a guy that she met on
Craigslist and is now trying to find him
again in hopes that he wants to be a dad
I currently need mom to be his plan to
find the guy was to make another ad on
Craigslist explaining these situations
what'd the guy look like as well as a
sketch of what she remembers him looking
like which looked like this oh fuck what
in the fuck is that what did she expect
gonna happen for putting a picture of
this thing online some guys just gonna
be like yeah that's me perfect drawing
of me chat out a chat pretty sure it'd
be even funnier though if it happened
like this I'll ever find out I slept
with Never Say Never
Eduardo you can't for me for the undead
woman who drew this sketch also included
graphic detail in her ads saying we
hooked up it's broke
baby on the way straight to the point I
like if you want to be in a child's life
it will be born soon I am a
mexican-american five for a hundred
pounds will be screwed you had about a
six per half inch thick we had sex three
times in one night then you disappeared
I tried to draw you I'm not really
sketch artist but I think the
resemblance is there oh this has to be a
joke anyways no update yet whether the
banner did found or not so she'll
probably be having to raise Eduardo jr.
all by herself again I'll say as I have
before don't need people on Craigslist
just don't it is just a breeding ground
of drug addicts weirdos and apparently
people who look like this that should be
convincing enough and lastly in some
movie news couple trailers were released
this past week including the first
trailer for the Pixar movie the good
dinosaur which apparently is a story
about a mentally ill dinosaur and an
overly aggressive caveman who become
friends and that's it I have absolutely
no idea what this movie is about but it
will probably hit me right in the fields
as Pixar movies normally do that's the
official trailer for pan came out last
week which shows a bit more of the story
of Peter Pan and Captain Hook and also
it's exciting just because Hugh Jackman
is playing Captain Hook welcome
finally some set photos were released as
last week of the first look of the new
x-men movie in the franchise called
x-men apocalypse showing some of the
cast back together including my BAE
Jennifer Laura we're secretly dating but
she doesn't know about it yet also some
pictures show Evan Peters reprising his
character as Quicksilver as well as
Michael Fassbender as magneto as well as
some new characters including my
favorite x-men of all time
Nightcrawler who is previously played by
the only man with a bigger forehead than
me Alan Cumming oh really the biggest
surprise so far was the actual pictures
of Apocalypse himself which has been met
with a ton of hate from fans saying he
didn't look anything like the apocalypse
they knew and loved in the comics
personally I kind of agree even though I
kind of feel like he looks like Ivan
ooze from the Power Rangers movie yeah
I've seen it it's a good movie laugh all
you want to anyways I'm always excited
about new expert movies that come out
and this one really isn't any different
but the movie is set to come out March
27th 2016
anyways that was it for this episode of
what the fuck views my question of the
day for you guys is have you ever won
anything let me know in the comments
down below all of these stories as
always or the description down below as
well as all of my links also make sure
to subscribe to my personal channel if
you have not already I post videos there
pretty much every week so I hope to see
you guys there that being said know guys
that we'll see you next week for another
episode of what the fuck news thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
