hey let's of you guys I just want to
give you guys an update on my leg it has
been a few weeks since I broke it and if
you remember it was not looking good uh
it seven three weeks and I had surgery
where they put metal in my leg and like
seven screws and it was fucked but don't
worry it's looking so much better than
it was before honestly you're not eager
to know what's broken you notice she's
still fucked so the doctor told me that
it's going to be another eight fucking
weeks till I walk again I mean honestly
there goes my summer cool for the summer
nothing how come there's no songs about
being stuck on the couch
leading to death popping painkillers oh
pretty much every song Kesha's ever
written anyways uh here is my new cast
alright it's a little bit better than it
was before it's harder you guys can sign
it if you want just no dicks and I
thought it would be funny if I made a
vlog kind of about my experience with
things I've done to try to cure the pain
cuz I know a lot of you guys are gonna
be surprised by this as I do not do
drugs
but since I already you know have made
videos in the past few weeks being more
honest I might as well be honest about
this I haven't doing a lot of drugs so
the first week that my leg was broken
and I was stuck in the couch the pain
was so excruciating that the doctor told
my mom when I wasn't around like hey
listen the pain is gonna be so intense
that no amount of painkillers is gonna
help no medicine is gonna help I mean
maybe he could try drinking drinking
first of all that's how Whitney Houston
died drinking and painkillers second of
all I mean I don't
okay you know what back up let's talk
about drinking I don't know if I've ever
made a video talking about the fact that
I drink why not when I first started
YouTube I was very anti everything I was
like no drinking no drugs no sex before
marriage no fun no roller coasters those
are dangerous I basically the only thing
I stood for was drinking Josh you know I
could watch that forever everything else
is new and then like a year and a half
ago bought my friend a bottle of rum
chata and I wanted to try it I was like
this looks delicious like a vanilla
milkshake you don't fuck it I'm old
enough let's try this took a sip I drank
the whole bottle I didn't get drunk I
didn't feel anything so I drank another
bottle didn't feel like think so I drank
a bottle of whiskey didn't feel anything
so I drank a bottle of vodka and then
that's when I started my uh Paul ISM so
basically I was just the last year I've
just been drinking like once a week a
couple drinks just for the taste and the
flavor because it doesn't make me drunk
at all I've never been drunk
I tried trust me with all the pain I've
been through but nothing works well I
haven't drank in the last
her so because of the surgery and the
painkillers so I'm not going to fucking
take a risk and die so I'm sitting on
the couch a friend comes over I'm not
going to say who this person is because
I don't want to put him on blast but a
friend comes over and I was in so much
pain I was crying I was just like I
can't take this anyone with a die and
then my friend goes what about weed and
I was like what yeah well weed cures
pain that's why I like cancer patients
take it as by you know people with
diseases they smoke in they feel better
and I was like give me that shit it was
at a point listen I've never smoked weed
I've never done drugs I've never done
anything it got to a point where I would
have done crack cocaine I would have
shot heroin into my blood with a dirty
needle if it would have gotten rid of
the pain do I need to show you the
picture again because I will so my
friend got some weed for me yeah I was
fucking terrified I was so scared I mean
I don't know if you guys have ever done
it most of you guys are not old enough I
don't even know if there's an age limit
is it legal still either way I was
fucking terrified because the only thing
I've ever smoked was electronic
cigarettes which are like Han cake
flavor so to actually have weed idle so
I took a puff and I felt nothing because
my body is fucking a superhero's body
except for no strength and I don't feel
shit no emotions nothing I'm like that
little kid on dr. Phil back in the 2000s
remember that little kid who kept
digging her own I'm out and she's like
mom look in this funny and her mom's
like you're dying stop that's me except
back he was on dr. Phil so his life is
better than mine anyways I smoked
nothing happens I'm really depressed I'm
still in pain my friend goes well what
about an edible which is like candy but
there's marijuana and it's really strong
so I eat some of these candies nothing
happened
they say oh what about this spray it's
like breath spray but it's weed and like
it's crazy you'll be so high and i'ma
give me literally anything so I took it
nothing happened sat on the couch felt
nothing was watching little people big
world they were still little I was still
big life had not changed then my friend
left and I had ordered my friend a pizza
earlier you know me I don't need pizza I
mean we don't this body I gotta keep
this body in check got it said and I
walked to the kitchen wall let's keep it
real I'm rolling to the kitchen on my
sad little roller scooter which if you
haven't seen it yet there it is I want
to kill myself so I walked to the
kitchen and before I even know it I have
not only eaten three pieces of cold
pizza I had open the fridge took on a
container of ranch that somebody left in
my house drunk tit all over the pizza
got that
look at sauce on a pizza ate three
slices and the crust who does that
somebody on drugs then I was like dude
we get some sticks and then I run and I
look in the fridge I'm like that's a
some that I had it's in a stick I by the
time I realized it I was like what am i
doing what am i doing oh my god I had a
full breakdown call my friend I'm like
okay it's just a side effect I just did
a bunch of food I did a bunch of food
like it's drugs I just did so much food
I know my friend goes yeah that that's
what happens you get high and I'm like
but I'm not high I'm not like crazy I'm
not like floating on air I'm just eating
a bunch of food and fucking getting fat
and then my friend goes well you know
some people that's the only reaction
they have they just been hungry I'm like
all course that's the reaction my body
house I don't know not to get rid of the
pain not to laugh this shit to fucking
eat a bunch of empty ass calories when I
can't exercise cuz I'm stuck on my couch
and now my muffin top has turned into a
bum cake so all of that said the moral
of the story is do drugs just not me
because they don't work I don't know so
check it off the list
I drank check I've smoked weed check
I've eaten weed check next on the list
cocaine heroin crack I'm kidding I'll
never do any of those but there you guys
go
I get a lot of questions have you ever
smoked weed Shane yes I have didn't go
well and we're doing it again
all right guys hope you enjoyed my
little story time I didn't enjoy because
I'm still in a lot of pain so I'm gonna
go I love you guys make sure to give
this video thumbs up and subscribe and
we can do this earlier and I will see
you tomorrow in the same chair because I
can't move I can't not for eight weeks I
hope you like this background I hope you
like this face with no shower cuz I have
to put a fucking garbage bag over my leg
to take a shower
oh alright you guys I love you I
obsessed with yoga or CrossFit I'm okay
with this I don't care I mean listen do
whatever you want to do if you want to
do Jamba Jamba Jamba
Kumba um whatever you want to do fine
with it as long as you don't like force
me to do something I don't want to do
like Oh Shane I love rock climbing want
to come I did this by rollerskating you
want to see my ass climb a mountain fuck
out of my face
