hey you know what actually that was
perfect because this video is all about
dating and relationships and how sexy I
feel which is not very so online dating
is something that is interested me for a
while not because I want to do it but
because who wants to do it sounds
terrible you're meeting people you don't
know who they are but sometimes I'm sure
it works out great you find the love of
your life and spend the rest of your
eternity with them and then eventually
hate them when you're like I don't know
50 because you want to start over and
you need a new life you want to get a
motorcycle you want to kill the dog I
love so I thought a quiz online that I
thought was fun to take it is how picky
are you when it comes to on my dating
quiz so basically it's gonna tell me
things that I would see on my potential
daters profile and if I would swipe left
or right I'm gonna be honest if they
have a puppy I'm swiping right if they
have a cat they should burn in hell
let's start
what if they describe themselves as
laid-back no I know what that means that
means drugs that means a lot of drugs
took a selfie with an iPad dear God No
have you guys ever actually seen
somebody do that like in public like
you're walking by and you see them with
this huge fucking thing you know they
kind of get the shot it's so
uncomfortable to watch it's almost worse
than seeing somebody breastfeed in
public or see somebody try to masturbate
in public honestly it's worse than
seeing somebody kill themself about I
don't want any of it
oh but face tuning would be amazing oh
my god you could really get in there
with that big screen a really detailed
detail okay I'll try it poses with
hotter friends first of all I have
hotter friends feel like all of me and
my friends were kind of on the same
mediocre level like we're not ugly but
like nobody's looking I love how I just
offended all of my friends alright guys
pulling it we all went to a club we're
all buying our own diet coke nobody's
gonna see my squad and be like we should
send them over a cheese platter nope
we're buying our own cheese platter and
I'm fine with that
all the Trish is like it's the big old
tits and like the pretty face oh fuck
her
drew is more on my level wants to be a
partner in crime oh listen I'm not gonna
lie in previous relationships I have
said this before like oh you're my
partner in crime and that's so cute and
I meant it but when you hear it later
you're like that's so lame like we're
not come in crime like we're going to
pull a we're going to frozen yogurt and
we're fucking filling up our tin is that
a crime
well maybe actually the way I do it yeah
probably the amount of free samples I
have a yogurt what I dislike more than
the tin like if
wait my free samples 1999 at least
obsessed with yoga or CrossFit I'm okay
with this I don't care I mean listen do
whatever you want to do if you want to
do Jamba Jamba gin Goomba uh whatever
you want to do fine with it as long as
you don't like force me to do something
I don't want to do like Oh Shane I love
rock climbing want to come I did this by
rollerskating you want to see my ass
climb a mountain fuck out of my face has
a hard to pronounce name I'm fine with
that
okay just move to the city I'm even fine
with that I mean listen I don't know the
city at all I know my apartment I know
my bathroom a lot I don't know where any
restaurants are I don't know where any
places to go bar I don't know what the
fuck is fun I don't even know where I am
right now honestly has more than one dog
or cat yeah well you know what is cute
though when somebody has a dog and a cat
and their friends oh and then the cat
goes over the dog it's like hey dog want
to hang out and it just kills that cat
just swallows that cat hole just shit
that cat out who shits it out right to
the litter box and it's like Inception
bitch circle of light when you shit out
of cotton and linen backs identifies as
an Ivy League grad sure you went to
college great I didn't has a ton of
travel pics no listen no offense the
travelers that is great but when you try
to shove it down people's throat like
whoo I travel every day I'm always in a
new place like Africa there I am Dubai
there I am Dubai Dubai Oh God Dubai Doug
cuz that's how Tyler Oakley says goodbye
do like he says hi Shanghai why do I
know that where's weird glasses no uh I
would rather somebody call me the f-word
and not fuck then call me Corky somebody
calls me Corky I'm gonna get a gun and
Corky idli shoot myself in the fucking
head I hate that shit oh I love is only
do she know she's so quirky she probably
hates when you say that she probably
dies inside when you say that you know
Corky means it means not funny it means
like silly
it means like not funny at all but like
kind of ugly like that's what that means
fuck you have been so happy lately
whoops every picture is at the same
angle sure listen if you know your angle
that's better because honestly there's
nothing worse than taking a picture of
somebody who you think is attractive and
then you get that wrong angle and then
you show all your friends and you're
like oh don't look at that one no no
find your life find your angle Tyra said
it best figure out what makes you pretty
and for me it's a lot of life literally
God's
opening his mouth into my face that's
how much light I need watch
you holy fuck gross whoo mediocre okay I
got I'm game for anything
all right somebody else to put it
desperate being single is tough and
you're open-minded enough to know that
no one's perfect not even you yep that's
me you will no doubt find love with your
positive attitude just make sure you do
math with someone and you weren't too
chicken to message them wow that's so
helpful so sweet basically just said
that I am pretty comfortable in the fact
that I suck and I'm looking for somebody
else who sucks too uh-huh it is sweet
why are you guys go that was my quiz
hoping they get Jordan to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe is
everything today and uh leave a comment
down below telling me what the one
turn-off is for you what's something
that you could not deal with as you guys
I'm gonna go be fun I'm gonna see you
tomorrow love you bye Dubai Shanghai I
watched you watch you do your butt your
ass but have your knee it was hairy
yourself my nipple
