ah hey guys
yes I'm here with Trisha I introduced
you because you're a whole new person
yeah I'm mistress Trish today Oh cuz
today we're gonna doing a dirty nasty
sex video oh don't make it too Ranji but
this is going to be so wrong well my
original idea was oh we should do like
the sex position challenge because like
that would be funny then I first thought
about it I'm like I've been single for
like a day that's not like fuck on
Carrie let's wait it may be a month like
I feel like we need to wait a month like
now we know we love each other and then
we do the sexes shelters we have tree
you're the wait till marriage today
Trish went to the sex store without me
because she's the best friend in the
whole world because if I went to this
extra with my broken leg it'd be very
sick oh you said maybe we should do
sexual things no make it seem like I
Justin look here Shane let's go do some
stuff together
no ID so this game we got well she got
me to be a blindfolded chocolate sexy
game and there's all these different
like tasks in here I'm excited I just
thought chocolate and I knew it was
something up our ass shove that
chocolate out of my a lease or haha I
want all the chocolate this is Trish's
new shirt
she's screaming on it cuz she's getting
up around yeah I tried it in support of
you oh yeah oh yeah good I gave it to
those guys if you did it with me oh I'll
be like you let it pinky till we have
different asses and we're gonna do one
of my channel in our job my channel the
task is going to be
blindfolding ourselves and licking
chocolate off and finding out where it I
don't which is more sexual than like
posing in sex positions either way okay
excited I'm a classy girl so let's start
obviously with you that's like an easy
catch so I know first I may be my heaven
and then a blindfold yourself okay okay
well this is a good look it's like
brilliant
oh is it womanizer oh yeah I am going to
paint a little droplet of chocolate on
my body
and then I'm gonna make you eat it and
you got to get something oh my gosh I'm
so excited oh my god okay I'm really
looking
oh my god I'm so nervous your tongue
what are you talk no God I'm driving
like a cat huh okay wait aha
your goatee your beard know what my
guess your ear my wenis what's that it's
the little dab little skin on the end of
your elbow oh that's so good
I can't see guys on your penis your butt
your ass no what have your knee it was
hairy dirt out my nipple it's just okay
glad I can let chop off your nipple do
agree so much let's say honestly we are
okay again oh my god oh my god oh my god
you're tuning up again
I'm gonna freakin with them I'm jarem is
bad okay it's either a penis or tongue
bigger
oh it's salty whatever is salty and it's
making me a little nauseous I kind of
turned on
it was my nose I ever salty yeah oh my
god is there more okay one more oh my
god just not your penis this is your ass
I can tell oh wait wait hell I wasn't
bad my doing on like a punch ha ha ha
your toe your cast no your toe no it was
in between my fingers now you know what
is going with such a joke and you want
to go see me lick her body parts go over
to her channel subscribe check out and I
don't know I feel closer as friends I
feel like we're here we're queer we're
getting used to it yeah we didn't do it
the beginning this I don't I mean are we
maturing are we going above that no oh
my god you need my penis oh yeah because
Joey Graceffa comes gumdrops on shank
off his face
first of all serena has been having the
most like monotone voice when she said
that someone she's making a joke I see
you sorry
