hey what's up you guys a few weeks ago
ended a video where I made my phone say
really dirty crazy shit you guys seem to
like it
and you left a bunch of comments telling
me what you want my phone to say so I
thought it would be fun if I did that
and probably really creepy and my phone
is probably gonna say some really
offensive things so don't blame me blame
my phone which is what I say when I
accidentally said - naked selfie to my
mom but she loves it she frames them
let's get started okay the geeky gal
says please make sure II say I got my
dick stuck in a can of soda
wait why first of all I got a small dick
but my dick is bigger than that I mean I
don't have a small dick I have a normal
dick have a meeting dick my dick is fine
here we go help
I got my dick stuck in a kind of soda
you know what first of all must be more
realistic
help I got magic stuck in a bottle of
Gatorade thank you
just a little wider of a mouth amy wants
me to say i want Dan howls dicks so bad
I'm going to slit my neck and make Phil
drink it okay I want Dan Howell sticks
so bad I'm going to slit my own neck and
make Phil drink it oh my god yeah
there's something about the tone of her
voice but maybe that's just how real as
fuck
woo Danah Philly on you to get a
restraining order on this bitch Jane Joe
freak said just put in a bunch of random
letters and see what happens no good
idea alright and here we go let's
quickly definite hydrosec act which one
excel occur just watch it whoa
I was like a demon okay Maya wanted to
say joy Graceffa comes gumdrops on Shane
Dawson's face does that even mean that's
how delicious joey graceffa comes
gumdrops on Shane Dawson's face first of
all serena has been having the most like
monotone voice when she said that
someone she's making a joke I see you
sorry yeah oh good chance wants me to
say I came out to have a good time but
I'm honestly feeling so attacked right
now okay now to have a good time but I'm
honestly feeling so attacked right now
xxx such a basic bitch Oh Cassandra
wants Terry to say lick my uvula bitch
first of all I don't know - uvula is
that your throat of your pussy are like
my intro Levitch I was very commanding
let me put a question mark on that make
my uvula bitch hahahaha oh my god the
question right the vision so much better
oh wait a minute Joey Graceffa hey this
is something nobody has ever asked
before Joey Christopher's gay ha ha ha
oh my god somebody wants me to say this
and this is so funny
honestly I think so pepper is a really
good guy something else nobody level Sam
ooh this is good oh this one's dirty
this one is from cam and it says slap
your dick against my pussy so hard that
it creates a shockwave and blows my
pubes off Wow
keep talking dirty to me soccer dick
against my pussy so hard that it creates
a shockwave and blows my titties off my
pubes ha ha wait what again we change
the pubic hair
I think she'll get that and you know
what I'm gonna give it watch amar slap
your dick against my pussy so hard that
it creates a shockwave and blows my
pubic hair off by the question what ok
let's do one more everyone is beautiful
and unique in their own way just kidding
you're fucking ugly AHA ha ha alright
there you guys go leave me some comments
down below tell me what else you want
her to say oh that's a good shit I'll
take this video thumbs up answers now
that I can everything all day and I'll
see you mom hi oh my god I want to cut
off your dick so I can use it even when
you're not home ha ha ha
that's my new phone background doesn't
spit or swallow save
