hey guys my name is Alexis diesel and
welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the let's
count down the top five videos you may
have missed and recap everything that's
happened on this cute little website not
five someone alert the YouTube space to
start ringing their church bells because
there has been a youtuber wedding only
volunteer okay Miranda sings and Joshua
David Evans aka Joshua DTV they have
tied the knot
they have married each other they also
had their wedding beautifully shot and
blogged and photographed in any other
way of documentation you can think of
there was also a Taco Bell chalkiness
that doesn't scream YouTube I don't know
what possibly could maybe somebody just
screaming YouTube I'm sure everyone who
muted had a very similar reaction and
I've taken it upon myself to reenact
said reaction so here we go nearly you
wrote that I'm supposed to say to you oh
wow that's cute cute for our homie Shane
Dawson explain in a very heartfelt and
sincere video that he is bisexual I am
bisexual and I have said it out loud
once before I'm not gonna go on about
this cuz the video pretty much said it
all but I am very proud of him
exciting times for love guys especially
here on YouTube numbers we lot of
articles were simultaneous and movies
talking about the YouTube's most
subscribed user PewDiePie and how much
Adsense revenue he makes on his videos
without being specific it's a quality
number that not a lot of people see on
their paycheck unfortunately a lot of
people who don't really understand
YouTube and the way it works were upset
and they said that someone who just
plays games on their computer all day
shouldn't be getting this much money it
doesn't make sense so in order to set
the record straight
PewDiePie made 8
basically just talking about and being
very yesterday it was all over Facebook
how much money I made in 2014 what
people I guess don't really think about
until it's in their phase is that I have
nine billion views and that translates
to something there's ads in my videos I
make money out of those beautifies a
youtuber with as of today 38 million
subscribers he uploads once and
sometimes twice a day which I can't
speak for how long it takes him to make
his videos but for me it takes eight to
fourteen hours to make one video so I
think it's freaking awesome the needs
getting monetarily recognized for that
not to mention the pressure and internal
stress of knowing that that many people
are waiting for you to do something so
again I just think it's freaking awesome
that he's making them dollar dollar
bills and go Puetz
jesse has to be home at nights during
lauren elizabeth and jen expense trailer
was just released i thought the two of
us could take a nice seat down and watch
it together hello so i my computer right
here about to watch the trailer for a
bad night
musics changing their skyline shots now
Wow she needs to they're just like us
they're current they know things he's
talking about snapchats I see it's it's
a case of mistaken identity so it's like
we keep riding but to two people so it's
like Freaky Friday and Saturday we
Lauren's last name is so long oh I get
it I get it that was a little wink
ah and finally so many youtubers have
been trying the various forms of candy
vanish candy British care zillion can't
rally in Holland can Mexican candy
starbucks Frappuccino so I thought I do
nice leap onto this bandwagon and try
some candy for myself hey guys welcome
to this video where I am and Americans
facing austerity
let's begin the first thing we're gonna
be starting with in this Restless Oh
becomes tonight but I'll peanut butter
pops oh it's nasty
I absolutely hate for months I'm shocked
by a nice growth in candies next we have
this Tabasco we've got lots of fun
colors in here I'm gonna go for the pink
just by coincidence it isn't me
ironically best flavour or anything give
this little nibble hello
it's so bad I hate it and finally we
have this sweet treat cumin worms oh
it's a real worm
oh I'm even a real one worm who even
knew Wow this flavors bad thumbs up for
my pain
thumbs up for my suffering thumbs up if
you want to see the child that's in my
bathroom if you enjoyed this episode
give it a thumbs up and don't forget to
follow me on Twitter - diesel question
of the day what
