hey what's up you guys first of all I
just want to say that I'm fucking pissed
I've never been so angry in my life I
feel betrayed
I feel rejected I feel neglected I'm
feeling inspected I'm feeling reflected
oh no I'm just feeling disconnected from
the YouTube community now I know a lot
of you guys are wondering what are you
talking about the YouTube community has
been so nice you lately they have been
so respectful of your new lifestyle they
tweeted about your movie when it came
out they tweeted a bunch of book when it
came out but you know what they didn't
do you know what hurts most is when I
saw the trailer for the Smosh movie and
I saw every damn youtuber under the
motherfucking Sun and that trailer you
and Jenna Marbles you have booty pop you
had motherfucking Michelle Phan you had
motherfuckers I've never even heard of
it was like you put out an email to all
the youtubers in the world
hey y'all got more than ten thousand
subs get your ass over here for the
Smosh movie and then I watch the trailer
I'm expecting to see my face cuz I
showed up to set 8:00 a.m. I had to sit
with a bunch of motherfucking children
because my scene was taking place at
arcade full of children and I'm trying
to start conversation with them like Oh
what is it like to be a child and
they're like I'm rich and my parents
hate me and I'm like me too we were
connecting and then I get on set and I
go to shoot my part and they're like
okay Shane you got this and I'm like I
know I got this I'm a fucking actor and
then I thought I blew the shit out of
the water I was like damn Oh where's my
Oscar I got to think on my speech what
am I gonna said first of all I would
just like they my mama for not throwing
me in the trash like she probably should
have second of all I just want to thank
Taco Bell they have been so delicious
lately and then I get a text the text
that I knew was coming but I didn't want
to believe it I got a text from Anthony
from Smosh and he said hey boo I heard
you came out as bisexual can I hit that
I'm kidding that's not what he said but
maybe what he really said was hey Shane
so so sorry
you were so terrible in the movie we had
to cut you out like atrocious like the
worst performance I've ever seen like oh
my god you thought the Fred movie was
bad girl it just got worse okay he
didn't say that either he very nicely
said hey Shane your part got cut out of
the movie because we're trying to make
it pg-13 and you brought the arm bitch
which I knew when I film the scene for
the movie I was like this is not gonna
make it first of all the original line
was my ass is bleeding I'm going to show
you the clip in a minute we're gonna
react to it together I have not seen it
but that was here
I did a couple different versions but I
was like hey guys isn't this movie for
kids or kids supposed to know that my
ass is bleeding also why is my ass
bleeding there was a lot of questions
but it was an amazing fun day I got a
hang on a special day and the crap
service was I mean damn you compared the
craft service to the Smosh movie to what
it was on my movie online movie was like
ooh are those Oreos no those are generic
brown cookies with cream on the small
shed it was like oh how many flavors of
are you are they're crispy tree cookies
and cream double stuff anyways I thought
it would be fun if we watched the scene
together and then you guys go buy the
movie because you're fucking should
because Smosh is amazing and I love them
and they have always supported me and
I'm supporting them and I don't know
what the fuck this is maybe it's me
praying praying that my scene isn't as
bad as I think it's gonna be let's see
oh well of course a sex simulator
machine yeah that's me
oh okay first of all can we talk about
the hair that's terrible that's Bruce
Jenner ten years before he transitioned
also I'm really pulling off the my butt
hurts face I've obviously done that
before whatever okay first of all so the
joke is I hurt my ass and I want more I
got it all so he looks like he's gonna
throw up which is not the case when we
were filming the scene he was very much
into it you put the front party Oh Oh
God
wait what I was there when they found
that part did he get my bag wait was I
the sloppy second also hold on if okay
wait I need a processes if the sex
machine is like a flashlight which is
that fake pussy it's like a clicker slot
like a tube how did I put my whole butt
oh it's a wide s also can we just talk
about real quick let's scroll back to
right before it pop out again there's a
child playing air
and I scream that my ass is bleeding a
motherfucker does even look when I was a
kid if somebody's asked was bleeding
I'd look it up Lorna's yeah that was my
cutscene by to hotfoot movie seed but I
promised the rest of the movie is way
better than that scene and my acting
well it got better
no it didn't anyways please go support
them guys go buy the movie I'll put the
links down there it's on iTunes and
every other place you can get movies and
all the youtubers are in it except for
me but you got jenna Marbles you got
everybody in it and I'm so excited for
them I'm so proud of them and I love
when youtubers make movies there's also
bad night which just came out with
jennxpenn and Lauren Elizabeth there's
there's a fucking shitload of youtuber
movies right now and it's very very
exciting because we are the world we are
youtubers sometimes we can act and we
look really bad on camera
but it's okay because our fans don't
care cuz they'll buy anything even if it
sucks ass thanks guys alright you guys I
love you see you tomorrow make sure to
subscribe because I am a to do this
video thumbs up and don't sit on the sex
simulator cuz you won't hurt yourself
why am i a pineapple really intense true
wait did I just say I'm a pineapple on
it since you're oh fuck maybe I am makes
a lot of sense okay Bella wants to know
is Shane have you ever had sexual
feelings for Joey okay yeah I don't have
this verse because I have a long answer
for those
