hey what's up you guys now I know the
first thing you think of when you look
at me what a fucking liar and I know I
agree when I say every morning when I
wake up except I'm saying it to all
those celebrities because the hashtag it
gets better campaign is bullshit it
doesn't get better it just keeps going
and going and going and going and then
you die anyways today I have fun if I
did a lie detector test cuz a lot of you
guys have questions for me and I'm like
you know what I could just be making up
these answers but instead how about I
answer them honestly or I lie and you
guys catch me so here we go I sent out a
tweet and here are some questions yeah
that's legit all right let's try this
out butterfly wants to know are you
secretly a pineapple no I'm not a
pineapple so let's see if it believes me
and if it doesn't while this gives piece
of shit I'm not a pineapple scanning lie
what a waste of a dollar
alright let's find another lie detector
test go Lance piece of shit out the end
this one looks way more legit am i a
pineapple really intense true wait did I
just say I'm a fine Apple or is that
your oh fuck maybe I am makes a lot of
sense okay Bella wants to know Shane
have you ever had sexual feelings for
Joey okay yeah I don't have this works
cuz I have a long answer for this no I
have not had sexual feelings for Joey
Joey is not how do I answer this without
pissing off Joey I love Joey
I thought Joey oh my kid I mean I
wouldn't like be like super down like I
wouldn't be like yes I need to fuck Joey
but if it came down to it yeah I talked
to Joey but I also have fucked a ham
sandwich now comparing Joey to a ham
sandwich because he's way more delicious
than that at least Jonah but I haven't
been like turned on like I haven't been
jacking off and thought of judge ugly
have I thought of Wendy Williams every
day alright so no I'm not sexually
attracted to Joyce even tells me I'm
lying enough maybe I'm lying myself huh
maybe Joey loves me maybe wound up
together
Oh Falls there's still shall we hope all
right you know what maybe that is my
true feeling God me and Joey would make
a cute couple I'd fucking though there's
no way he'd fuck me no way now that he
probably does like weird cosplay
roleplay like oh I'll be spin key from
the fun pokemons
and then you can be a she from the
fucking digimons there goes my voter
Milagro wants to know have you and drew
done anything sexual together
no we have no we have never done
anything sexual together we have kissed
on camera before that is it so see if it
says I'm telling the truth gonna be
honest though I would tell you guys
false okay first of all bitch
no I'm okay well I mean listen we
haven't done anything sexual on purpose
I mean like have him masturbated in the
same room as him yes did he no no have I
had a boner around him yes did he know
well probably no probably not
I mean I guess we have me now but that
was for a video but I guess that is kind
of sexual maybe he got hard ah there's
real hope
shroo that's a terrible man drain that's
bet no next question I don't know maybe
not a gay one maybe no okay would you
have sex with a fan that is from Crais
ho okay you know what I guess I mean
listen it depends like is this a fan at
like VidCon like are they wearing like
Tyler Oakley I love you tuber shirt
because no I don't want to come are they
like twelve then no I mean is it like a
mom and her kid has a Tyler Oakley shirt
maybe I'm missing s why not it would
make a good vlog would that make a good
snap mmm
true I would fuck a fat oh god I
shouldn't scream that that's exactly
what I need is a fucking a fam
controversy I mean there's been black
fades there's been homophobic there's
been coming out I mean what's next you
just wait till 2016 Miguel wants to know
would you ever quit YouTube no I
wouldn't quit YouTube I would change it
like I don't think in three years I want
to do this because I'm gonna be 30 and
that's gonna be weird
I mean maybe I'll do something a little
bit different maybe I'll just do like
pine essenes at whatever movie I'm
making and I'll just like sit and do Q&A
I mean when I'm 30 do I want to be like
playing with kid toys and eating yummy
nummies No
so I'm gonna go no I would not quit
YouTube just change it complicated
answer I wrote this apps gonna get it
false
alright bye guys just quit no I would
not quit YouTube so once again this
happens a piece of shit espana wants to
know what is more realistic you going
out with Drew or you going out with
Trish oh my god well I wouldn't want to
go out with either of them for many
reasons the number one reasons because
both of them are like my best friend and
I don't want to ever lose that
but I guess friends fuck right wasn't I
like a terrible Justin Timberlake movie
about it I mean who cares let's get
everybody in you know Lisa come on over
corny get in here everybody's eating ask
yes I'd say
eh that's hard complicated I feel like
the sex would be better with Trish
because she's more experienced feel like
Drew would be a little scared of my ass
and like a little scared of getting
fucked feel like Trish is not scared of
anything
Trish should be like here come on one of
my coasters yes guys she has coasters
Richard calm / Trish or something link
in the downbar so yeah I guess me and
Trish see if I'm telling the truth it's
once again it could be me denying my
feelings for Drew huh Falls oh dammit
the train has been derailed the train
has been drained oh yeah I've got such a
visual alright I think I'm done with
this lie detector test hope you guys
have fun cuz I didn't make sure you this
video thumbs up and subscribe to my
videos every day and I will see you guys
tomorrow and if you want me to this
again leave some questions down there
and I will answer honestly maybe next
time I'll actually have like a lie
detector person come if you want that
give me a thumbs up because I will
fucking buy one I know they're expensive
and they're weird people that I will do
it for you alright guys I love you and
I'll see you and the doctor comes in my
mom is there she's all scared and stuff
and my doctor goes you know do you want
to see my first thought was like oh he's
gonna show me my new body I'm gonna have
like a six-pack I'm gonna be like oh no
no he whipped out a Polaroid picture and
showed me my mom a picture of all my
extra skin sitting on a fucking table my
mom passed out I screamed
