hey what's up you guys as most of you
guys know last month I came out with a
video game for iPhones and for Android
and it's called the corny crush and me
my friend made it and when I say that I
genuinely mean me and my friend Sean sat
on a computer for like months and just
played around and fucked around was like
what would be funny would be cool it
would be whatever and we really did make
it it wasn't a company it was me and my
friend so really excited because right
now we have a new update on it so as you
guys know the game is where you play as
corny and you've had to go as far as you
can without killing her what's wrong
with me but now we thought it would be
funny since so many people out there
hate me why don't we do it where you can
kill me so there's a new update where
you can switch from corny to shortening
as a terrible name and a lot of you guys
are like Shane please have free
continues I want to keep going I don't
want to die I want to see how far I can
get well now for 99 cents you can get
free continues you don't have to watch
any ads and you can play as Shane and as
corny so it's a fucking dollar bitch and
if you don't want to pay the dollar
still plays corny okay here we go first
of all I just wanna let you know just
because I made the game does not mean
I'm good at it so don't hate the game
hate the player oh she's so cute oh I
love my dog here we go
okay so when you see the purple pussy
licking her pussy see I did make this
game oh yeah it's right pussy oh yeah
fuck you fuck you pussy pussy twirl
twirl twirl twirl
oh fuck I miss it no oh but now since I
paid a dollar I can continue for free I
didn't pay a dollar bitch I got it for
free okay so when it's orange I have to
smell an ass slang the bisexual gay
girl whoo this is fun
ooh antek shit smell an ass smell an ass
take a shit
honestly durian my life swirl okay now I
have to bite his nose by his nose but I
hmm squirrel oh my god I've lasted so
long and even trash and eat a pussy cat
nose oh fuck oh my god
a boo-boo a pussy and trash Oh miss and
sniff and pussy oh my god I'm having a
panic attack
oh my god never got no socks oh no I
killed her damn it son of a bitch fuck
alright well now I think we should play
shorty whoo that's creepy haha I knew it
was creepy because I helped make it but
watching it is creepy
oh look at how angry he was a pussy calm
down Shane you like it rough I like how
toned I go a little chest muscles pussy
pussy well Lucy pussy
how long have you guys lasted because I
have not lasted that long once again
story of my life oh sure you love sniff
about look how happy I was just the
pussy happy pass oh shit
continue for you all right I want to see
shorty ticket dough cuz it's gonna be
hot yeah like the balls so happy about
it
sniff and trench fuck killed Shane and
killed myself and then no more shame and
then the cool thing is you can see the
leaderboard you can do holy balls
there's a lot of people playing this
game oh my god I just was not expecting
that
well so right now all time these are the
people who are gonna leave holy fuck
this chick got a thousand points are you
fucking kidding me bitch damn it I got
what thirty
I was at life though and you could do
today Ashley I got 266 Queen Joe home
Selina yes bitch
so I've been pretty bad at this but I'm
going to get back on it every week I'm
going to post on the top five players of
the day so if you want to be there
download the game play it and maybe
you'll see yourself on my Instagram also
if you get funny screen counts of Shore
nice sniffing and ass and we're eating a
dick screencap impose a Nigerian
castanet chordee crash and maybe already
host it so there you guys go that was my
game corny crush and that is the update
is now available on Android because a
lot of you guys wanted that and of
course on the iTunes Store so just
search corny crush I'm really really
excited about it you guys have been
loving it last time I checked the number
I think we had over half a million
downloads which is fucking in same show
if you want more games let me know I was
even thinking of helping like Trish or
some of my other youtuber friends make
games hands I don't know it could be a
fun little business as you guys I'm
gonna go make sure to give this video a
thumbs up subscribe because I make new
videos everything that and I'll see you
tomorrow
