hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you what the fuck five
so I'm sure you've seen a horror movie
like Silent Hill where there's a little
boy or a little girl just drawing
something fucking creepy and you thought
to yourself hey don't be fucking great
because if I never have children because
what the fuck yeah I'd be the opposite
of a good parent if my kid was like hey
daddy mr. chilly says that you shouldn't
open the bathroom door opens mr. chilly
he's the guy over there with the blood
in his mouth staring at you oh hell no
yo can I return my child please this
one's defective we'd actually be
surprised to know that a lot of those
drawings that are in horror movies are
actually based off of real-life drawings
that existed in our world so that's said
for today's what the fuck five suggested
by YouTube user Claire bear we count
down the top five creepiest kids
drawings number one Lisa so these are
actually a series of drawings that were
created by what seems to be a little
unnamed girl it tells the account of her
and her friend Lisa who as we could see
from these drawings he's not human yep
pretty sure normal humans don't have
blood coming from their eyes and mouth
and no legs anyways the story of Lisa
and the little girl goes along to fill
up an entire notebook with several pages
with passages saying things like this is
Lisa she's my friend my mom and dad
can't see her so they said that she's an
imaginary friend Lisa is a nice friend
yesterday Lisa and me went on a long
walk until the moon came out daddy got
really mad and said Lisa's stupid and
fake Lisa got sad and disappeared today
she didn't come to school but mrs.
Digman says mrs. Munroe won't come back
Lisa came back yesterday she said sorry
for leaving and I told her my dad won't
come home Lisa said mrs. Munroe and him
are sleeping like her death
I hope they wake up soon wait did she
kill her fucking dad like is that that's
what happened right great good story and
despite how just absolutely chilling the
drawings are it's kind of a nice tale
you know like he says in a demon that
was trying to take her soul or something
she just seems like a ghost that maybe
wanted a friend and this little girl
didn't really give a shit that she
looked different or had blood coming
from her eyes and mouth or whatever the
fuck that is maybe it's not like you
know maybe it's jelly maybe it's Taco
Bell hot sauce totally changes the vibe
now if you imagine that this is Taco
Bell hot sauce on her face that said
don't go thinking that all of these on
this list are going to be nice because
they're not
and with that perfect segue number two I
want to die no that's the name of I mean
I kind of also want to dive that's not
important anyways so I want to die was a
drawing that was uploaded by a Reddit
user named candy slave who allegedly
works at a restaurant where they hang up
kids drawings on the walls one day
apparently a co-worker at the restaurant
was cleaning up after they had just
served a man and his 8 to 12 year old
son when she picked up the drawing that
says I want to die and even though the
art is just really bad it's so bad that
you had to label what things are by the
way does that say arm his arm is cut off
whoever it is in the drawing that's
killing them has both a sword and a gun
which makes me believe that the killer
is either Deadpool or Rick O'Connell
from The Mummy jokes aside the drawing
actually did raise a lot of concern if
the drawing was real because it might
have actually indicated an abusive
household and that the kid might have
just been trying to you know silently
cry out for help but optimistically I'm
just gonna hope that that wasn't the
case and that he just has a real weird
imagination one could hope right number
three the secret room so this one is
definitely probably be creepiest on this
list as the story of this secret room
drawing actually turned out to be true
so basically a dad asked his two kids to
draw a picture of their family and also
a map of their new house the older child
drew the house normally the mom the dad
the two kids basically just a layout of
the house that they now lived it for the
younger child drew the mom the dad the
two children and then two more children
with blacked-out faces with cryptic
symbols as their names in addition she
also drew an extra room in the house
that she insisted was real when her dad
asked that you know basically like what
the fuck is this who are these kids so
the dad insists that she show him the
extra room as the story goes she brings
him into the bathroom and removes a
piece of drywall and behind the pipes in
the bathroom was actually an extra room
just as she had drawn on the map oh you
know and actually the worst part is that
you know at this point the dad is kind
of bewildered kind of scared so he asked
the girl to take a picture of the room
since he actually couldn't fit inside of
it and this is the picture that she took
this
same symbols of the fucking faceless
kids that she driven yeah I'd move out
of there real quick real fucking quick
that said when the story went viral
there are a lot of people that were
skeptical that maybe the entire storm is
fake but to be honest this is so far
like the most believable out of the ones
that we've covered on this still pretty
creepy number for the asylum kids so
this one again is more of a series of
drawings that are all really fucking sad
when you realize why they were drawn so
basically all the drawings came over a
span of a couple years from 659
different children when they were all
trapped inside of an Australian
detention centre which is basically like
the jail and we're instructed to draw
their feelings so pretty much in every
drawing the kid is always crying always
saying they want to get out one of them
says I need help I want to go out please
help me I need go out please and one
even saying parents are suicide with
ropes around their necks so the entire
thing is just really fucking sad and
since the entire thing happened in 2014
it kind of makes you wondering if the
kids got out or got help or really what
was so bad that every kid drew something
awful I mean obviously if you're in jail
you're not gonna have you know a happy
fun time the entire time you're there or
maybe it was something darker I guess
we'll never know and finally at number
five the murder of Angela Wrightson so
I'm just warning you this one is a super
messed up and is easily the darkest one
on this list as there's a lot of
gruesome details so again I'm just
warning you if that stuff bothers you
you know you clicked on this video
obviously so you're interested in this
but it is fucked up all right so you
remember those two girls in 2015 that
tried to murder their classmate for
Slenderman yes so this story is more
fucked up if you could believe it then
that story but like that story it also
involves two teenage girls that murdered
someone and while the two girls names
and faces were never actually identified
and all we really have to go on is the
court drawings that people have drawn
while they were in trial these girls are
way worse than the girls that were
killing for Slenderman so it all
happened December 8th 2014 when the two
girls were only 13 as they were roaming
the streets drinking smoking and taking
pills the night was still young so they
decided to go to the street where a
known alcoholic Angela Wrightson lived
and she had apparently bought the girls
alcohol before whatever is it I guess
that night maybe she just didn't buy
them alcohol
you know something set them off if she
was pronounced dead a few hours later in
her apartment and she had been beaten by
a lot of different objects including a
shovel that was still bloodied and left
at the crime scene a piece of wood with
screws in it and a TV repetitively
dropped on her head and the worst part
and why these girls have been dubbed the
name these snapchat killers is that they
took selfies with her unconscious and
bloodied body throughout the night as
they were murdering her what the fuck
and the reason that this case makes it
onto this list is that one of the girls
also left a drawing at the crime scene
of her killing mrs. Wright's in with
other bodies lying near her feet which
one can really only assume that means
that they've killed other people and the
worst and just most insane part about
the story is that the two girls that
actually called the murdered in and the
entire 999 call was recorded I'm just
wondering if you're not from the UK the
accents kind of make it hard to
understand but just listen to this yeah
it's like they just had no remorse just
laughing in the background like oh yeah
we just killed a lady yes hello I would
like to schedule a vasectomy please I
just don't want children ever anyways
guys that is it for this episode of what
the fuck five hopefully you guys enjoyed
it hopefully you found those stories
interesting and if you did make sure to
give this video a like and also
subscribe to this channel cuz I'm doing
these every single week you want to see
some more creepy videos that I've done
make sure to check out the top five kill
their children videos that I did a while
ago which will guarantee to make sure
that you never want to have children
ever again as if this video wasn't proof
enough secretly what the fuck 5 is an
anti sex campaign that's why they hired
me the least sexy person they could
thought I mean where else are you gonna
find a man who can do this oh yeah baby
I like this shit Wow you know what I
decided after looking at your face that
I just never want to have sex again
mission accomplished
that's it guys I will see you next time
for another what the fuck 5 thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
