hey what's up guys and welcome back to
you what the fuck news
my name is Destry I have 100% healthy
I'm gonna die in three weeks my doctor
is such a jokester
but this is what the fuck news we talk
about the really weird news that you
might have missed in the last week at
the first story that I want to talk
about today is the news that One
Direction member louis Tomlinson is
going to be a dad know it love him
collectively said everyone Direction fan
when they heard about this apparently
though mister Tomlinson and pregnant and
55 year old I'm just kidding she's not
that old probably got you though you're
like what but no apparently mr. Tomasson
impregnated 23 year old Los Angeles hair
stylist Briana jump world who had been a
quote close friend to Louie
totally I have sex with all of my close
friends too that is if I had it honestly
being a dad is probably one of the
scariest things that I can think of and
it would appear that my dad also shared
the same view which is probably why he
left me when I was three but honestly
why it's scary for me is that babies are
fucking expensive but Lily appears to
want to keep the child and be a quote
hands-on dad probably because his child
would be adorable and the fact that he'd
be able to pay his kids tuition to
Harvard thirty-eight times and still
have enough money to go to the moon from
what I gather though the situation
happened by accident there's now just
another reason to tell kids to wear a
condom
a close friend though to both Louis and
Brianna says Louie and Briana care about
each other very much and has spent a lot
of time together privately over the last
few months so they are both really happy
and although they aren't in a
relationship this has brought them even
closer so no word yet if Louie plans to
make this chick his wifey or Venus plans
to care for his baby while shattering
the meet tunnel of other gorgeous women
whatever the case may be most fangirls
are freaking the fuck out about this and
are sending death threats to Briana to
which she deleted all of her social
media because of good call so no word
yet whether this baby mama drama will
affect the band but I guess time will
tell
that's what the fuck news hundreds of
dildos have mysteriously appeared
dangling from power lines in Portland
Oregon wait a second hold on I live in
Portland
okay hold I know what you're thinking
and no it wasn't me no but seriously it
wasn't me apparently the rubber love
snakes could be seen all over the city
tied together like some sort of dildo
nunchucks and cost over various power
lines is some sort of prank with the
person responsible is still at large my
question is
why are we concerned with all the worlds
murder and rape charges when there is a
guy potentially next door to me putting
dildos on power line kind of leave my
house knowing my butthole is safe from
this guy
what if he's outside right now prepping
the dildo for my but I feel so terrible
for the kids that have to walk out in
the street and see this site because
it's not like they probably already seen
one when they open their mom's soft
drawer yeah I made that mistake once in
my life I don't know why one woman would
need that many of them but there was a
lot but really my question with this
whole story is why where is this guy
getting literally hundreds of fake
penises did he buy that did he steal
them from a giant lesbian orgy I don't
know but wait why tie them together and
put them on power line are they used I
don't I don't want to know none of this
makes any sense
anyways dozens of Portland workers have
been sent to cut down the dildos and
still no word whether the assailant or
assailants have been caught I'm pretty
sure they won't get caught though
because I made sure to wear gloves to
cover up my fingerprints and more what
the fuck news I knew sex toys on the
market from pornhub that makes it so you
won't have to deal with that useless
skin around the vagina called the woman
anymore thanks to these sex toy that is
a fully functioning twerking ass that
you can put your penis in call the
twerking but guess they couldn't come up
with a better name or okay apparently
the twerking butt is not only a hole to
put your penis in but also comes with a
ton of other gross features including
rhythmic twerking patterns that you can
control them an app body temperature
control lifelike massaging and vibrating
functions realistic ciphers skin what
the fuck is cyber school and a virtual
reality headset that can all be yours
for just one thousand dollars yep oh hey
can I borrow some money no it's not for
crack this time I swear oh no it's for
the sex toy called the twerking bunt
hello fortunately if you don't have
enough money for the twerking but you
can buy the lamer version of it for $500
but it doesn't work or do anything cool
okay so I have three dollars and a
coupon for a free jumbo jack and jack in
the box well unfortunately that is not
enough for the uber realistic twerking
but fun you can always buy another great
fruit because that worked out so well
the first time I have so many questions
number one doesn't get wet or is it just
drier than Hillary Clinton number two
does it have to
hoser No number three can I eat the
booty like groceries number four why is
it white that's unrealistic we all know
white girls can't twerk number five how
tight is it because if it's anything
like my ex-girlfriend that's not good he
was like putting a thumbtack of the
ocean but anyways the twerking butt will
be available everywhere in August of
this year finally in some movie news a
ton of new TV and movie trailers were
released this last week including the
first trailer for season 6 of The
Walking Dead which looks fucking insane
still don't look yet as to who's going
to play naked of The Walking Dead comics
or if you'll even show up the season but
regardless it will come out October 11th
that's the first teaser for the Suicide
Squad movie was released showing off a
lot of Harley Quinn Will Smith is dead
Shaw and of Jared Leto as the Joker
which actually seems really awesome I'm
not gonna kill ya I'm just gonna hurt
you really really a lot of people have
been comparing Jared Leto's performance
as the Joker with the performances of
Heath Ledger and Jack Nicholson but I
think the reason that I like this new
take on the Joker is just that it isn't
anything that we've seen before and it
just kind of stands on so also Will
Smith playing a bad guy doesn't seem
like it'll work but I don't know totally
the first trailer for Batman vs Superman
dawn of Justice was released showing off
a bit more of Ben Affleck as Batman the
first clips of Jesse Eisenberg as Lex
Luthor and of Superman doing Superman
things so it's really really good but
I'm still on the fence about Jesse
Eisenberg playing Lex Luthor because it
just doesn't seem like he fits that
character but I guess we'll see when the
movie comes out in March 2016 but that
was it for this episode of what the fuck
new by question of the day for you guys
is what would you do if you found out
you're pregnant
I would be scared because I'm a man so
barely thanks alter ego believe your
answers in the comments down below all
of these stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links before you guys go make sure to
check out my newest video on my main
channel where me and my friend did the
blindfolded makeup challenge I think
it's time for the big reveal
this is
in the bed you look so beautiful
I know I'm beautiful thank you I hear it
all the time but I'll see you next week
for another one the fucking news thanks
for watching and Fairwinds
