hey what's up you guys um so I have been
getting a lot of questions about my
relationship status if I'm dating if I'm
getting back together at Lisa a lot of
things about that
so this video is gonna be half me
talking about that and a half a fun quiz
because I love doing quizzes so as far
as a relationship thing goes I'm gonna
be honest I am never going to talk about
my relationships or dating or anything
online I don't think ever because I did
that for a few years and it was amazing
and I let you guys into that and I you
know she said became a thing and you
know and it was amazing for for the time
that we had and me and Lisa loved it but
ending that relationship was extremely
hard doing it publicly and having people
be sad and having people make gifs and
memes and it was too much and you know
and it was part of the reason why I took
so long to make that coming out video
because I felt like I was scared of what
you guys were gonna think and how you're
gonna react and and partly how are you
gonna react to me and Lisa breaking up
so going forward I think I'm just not
going to do that anymore and I'm gonna
keep that one thing in my life private
you know I don't really vlog my daily
life as much anymore anyways so it's not
like you guys gonna be missing out on
stuff but I just want kind of let you
know that that's where I'm at and if you
see me in real life and I'm on a date or
I'm with somebody or you see Lisa and
she's on a date or she's with somebody
you know then you see it and and that's
cool
but I think online I'm just gonna kind
of keep it on the down-low but as of now
me and Lisa are still friends we still
talk pretty much every day and I love
her she loves me so that's that anyways
today oddly enough I was looking for
quizzes and I found one called can we
guess your relationship status and I was
like you know what that would be a funny
quiz and a great title and a great
thumbnail so let's milk milk milk those
views bitch also I just realized the
shirt matches my eyes
that's my gayness coming out okay let's
move on okay
which of these is your most frequently
used emoji little tongue sticking out
sunglasses oops
kisses beer or none of these I'm gonna
go through none of those currently my
most used emoji is pills because I'm on
them and also an eggplant with little
water coming out but that's just an
inside joke with me my mom how would you
respond to a text that just said hey oh
I get angry listen if you're gonna text
me have something to say if you're just
saying hello bitch go back I don't want
to do small talk I do enough small talk
in real life
hi can I get a venti iced tea with
sugar-free vanilla sure what's your name
Shane oh I love that name my name is
Claire I've been working here for three
years what are you doing on Saturday
night usually on Saturday nights I play
cards against humanity' with my friends
and then sometimes watch crazy movies
innie popcorn I don't get a fuck bitch
sorry
Starbucks making me angry I'm gonna go
with the dog nothing pisses people off
more than that dot dot which emoji would
you party with I mean if I don't pick
the black guy that I'm racist and we all
know that Shane Dawson is racist is a
number one thing on Google except for
this week it was Shane Dawson is
bisexual so thanks for that guys
although I would love to party with this
family is that weird party with family
what does that even mean though who Dave
and Buster's Oh Pizza games Froyo
afterwards oh my god go back home watch
American Idol and Shark Tank on DVR Oh
oh my god play heads up this is what a
family I got married you're comfortable
with each other so your emoji
communication is a mix of sweetness and
hilarity oh I'm not married but thank
you BuzzFeed for making me remember that
I do agree with that though a lot of my
emojis are sweet and funny like I'll
send like a face that's like mmm
blushing and then right after that I'll
send like a knife with blood which
really just means like I'm gonna kill
you but it's gonna be really sweet like
I'm gonna stab you a hundred thousand
times but that's how many times I love
you
you know like serial killer alley medics
coming out video I'm a serial killer ha
ha support me guys where are you guys go
that was a head quiz today and my little
chat about relationships and once again
I just want to say thank you guys for
making last week probably the best week
of my life
in the hardest week of my life but but
the best but I'm so so happy and I love
you guys so much and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye hey Co Anthony that's right
his youtube name was pickle and banana
I'm overanalyzing that in my head and I
think I know what it means no comment
why does he have a heart taped to his
mouth
that was a double dickfist first video
