hey guys yes it is another one of those
videos where I'm going to be watching
youtubers first videos and making fun of
them and it's fair because I make fun of
my own videos so I can make fun of
theirs right that's how the world works
disclaimer all the people that I'm going
to make fun of or talk about our people
that I like and if I didn't like them I
wouldn't be watching their videos in the
first place because that's how YouTube
works hey if you're watching my video
and you hate me guess what click out of
it
she just got real okay the most
requested person for me to do last time
was amazing Phil now let's see how
amazing it really is
hopefully amazingly bad okay his oldest
video is called Phil's a video blog 27th
of March 2006 it's in black and white it
looks very emo and very MySpace and I'm
very excited hi I'm Phil welcome to my
video blog which I hope you're very
excited to be a part of okay first
things first
where is he I think he's kidnapped I
think he's in a serial killers lair I
think he's trying to reach out for help
blink twice if you're in danger bitch
there's like a radiator with like
fucking handcuffs and shit tied to it he
let loose from the radiator and he's
like ah what do I do now Oh give me Mac
also that hair that hit I can't judge it
cuz I've had that here but just cuz your
straightener goes up to 500Â° does not
mean you need to go there I found 10
pounds in my wash jeans girl that is how
doesn't everyday when I put on my pants
in my gloop I found him down how'd I get
that overnight smells very fresh one
time I had to wash my money because I
diarrhea at school and diarrhea was all
over my wallet so I had to come home and
wash all my dollars and hang them up
with clothespins so so something about
me
so how the good Easter if I don't tell
it to you again see you later
no he's sweet I really would subscribe I
mean that hair hair is a bark but once
again I can't judge all right you guys
wanted me to do Joe sugg oh he's
attractive fuck my wife why don't we
track do people make videos leave it for
us slightly below average people oh the
worst is one attractive people make
videos and they don't even put a filter
on it like they're perfect without
nothing bitch
what's face tune I've never even heard
of that I had something called genetic
well I have something called a cup of
acid on my throat of your face bitch
okay his first video is called an
introduction to thatcherjoe
yeah what sorry I'm a little I don't
know what's happening who was filming
that why was
in the house and now why is in front of
Michael Jackson's bedroom curtains quick
instant reading you know the coincidence
of the antha popped up below it was for
underwear cuz I'm gonna need some new
ones my name is Jenna I'm trying like
I'm on the most uncomfortable tinder
date of my life
like he obviously doesn't want to be
there like alright let me tell you
something about myself oh fuck I mean
Joe just get to the good part
you know let's fuck there's not that
shirt my mom has that shirt I was born
in 8th of September 1991
oh god I'm old so that's why yeah
not excited to be here he's like you
know what my sister miss she does this
shit and I was like fuck I'll do this
shit too
so here we go that's exactly how I feel
when my friends are like oh shit let's
go to Yogurtland and I'm like why I'm
just gonna get diarrhea and feel bloated
later and then they get their yogurt and
I'm like well if you're getting yogurt I
guess I'll get yogurt except he has 5
million subscribers and all I have is
some diarrhea don't wanna give you a
little insight I get so uncomfortable
when guys have such huge Adam's apples
because I don't which is why most people
think I'm trans his is so big that it's
making me feel bad about myself cuz
that's a man you know I mean like an
Adam's apple that's like a man like you
see a guy with the big Adam's apple
you're like damn if the Apple big well
the banana booboo and then you see me
you're like oh he's transitioning no
offense to the transitioning people of
America but a man stopped calling you a
woman who's that what is happening why
do I want to subscribe so bad but
understand everyone's constant line if
you like he looks like he's near death
he also looks like he's getting the
worst blowjob of his life which I'm
assuming everybody would stop to say
well there we go I feel like I know a
lot more about thatcherjoe except for
the fact that I have no idea what
Fechter means his name bachelor-man
got that name got that Adam's apple why
am i so lame
ok next we're gonna do GG gorgeous now
GG gorgeous of course is when my friends
I love her so much and as most of you
guys know she is a transgender and when
she started her channel she was living
her life as a man and I actually have
not gone back to her oldest video cuz
I've only ever known her as a girl I've
seen some of the boy videos and I
thought I'd be interesting if we lost
one
together I'm not really gonna make jokes
about it but I think it's just kind of
just saying no see how far she's come
I mean she's still a bad bitch with that
music though she is so pretty damn it
fuck everybody's pretty I mean I am
gonna clock the chip bag clip in the
hair though bitch you didn't get that as
a forum you got that arouse okay this
ain't that interesting cuz it's just
makeup I need to see like a talkie
talkie okay
hey guys up first of all literally me in
2008 that fucking vest
that's my okay I got that at Target and
I know you did too bitch and that hair
oh my god it's literally me where are
you though are you wrapping gifts I'm
really investigating the background um
today I decided that I would do a top 10
skin and hair care ok so I have 5 skin
care and 5 hair care items here and I'm
gonna review them oh this is so
interesting to watch I don't even really
I can't even make a joke about it it's
very interesting how far she's coming
that makes me want to cry and I am very
very very proud of her for starting her
channel and then continuing it as a girl
as her true self I think that's fuckin
awesome
alright let's go make fun of somebody
else love you Gigi rickey dillion oh
yeah we can fuck with that okay this one
is called disgusting I mean that's kind
of fucked up to call yourself disgusting
I would not call you disgust a Ricky I
would call you an acquired taste pickle
and banana that's Ryan his youtube name
was pickle and banana I'm overanalyzing
that in my head and I think I know what
it needs no comment why does he have a
heart taped to his mouth
that was a double dickfist first video
okay I need a talky though because that
was that was too much all right this one
is called things I hate hey guys this up
is for geeks this is a whoa
who is that I feel like they just turned
on the security camera at Abercrombie
and the guy working I was like wait I
wanna do a vlog those muscles the
fucking spray tan what's happening what
a video of me talk about things I and
before I get started I want to say no
offense to anybody that's exactly what
I'm gonna say before I start watching
this video making fun haha no offense to
anybody
sorry Ricky love you I don't mean always
school and there be a whole chain of
people chained up and they are what
school do you go to or motherfuckers are
chained in the hallways because I want
to go there and they can't wait a few
minutes live poop any more texts how are
they supposed to know you're pooping
Ricky although you should send them a
picture of your poop afterward I'd be
like sorry I missed all your text I was
doing this and the person you send it to
better be me
Kim weed first second just figure out
where he is why is he so in the dark
where is he what is the light look for
the light Ricky why are all these
youtubers chained up in basements
you've got me in Chains yeah me and
chains I don't know the rest of them I
don't like bugs they freak me out yeah
that's they're acting weird oh my god oh
my god and I'm gonna like them but I've
never seen a person move like that that
was like poetry in motion
hahahaha you know what though when I
hang out with him in real life he does
kind of move like that there's really a
moves like Jagger
and whereas moves like oh my god what's
wrong blaring guys go that was me making
fun of youtubers for his videos give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe and
then committers of a single day and
leave me some comments down below
letting me know what youtubers you want
me to watch next right you guys I love
you I hope you have fun hang with me I
find you and also you know oh you know
oh yeah this is a big deal this is the
first time we're talking about this
publicly i'ma fuck you I fucked you at
the roller skating place and that's how
you got your broke away
