hey there's other guys oh you know oh
yeah this is a big deal this is the
first time we're talking about this
publicly i'ma fuck you I fucked you at
the roller skating place in that tiny
country broken leg yes you fucks me oh
yes we fuck sorry the day we're gonna be
doing the boyfriend tag
no ever since that boy that's yes don't
say no don't you keep it like no oh you
say yeah meaning you always fight with
me this is what you do mm-hmm go ahead
I'm ready to answer no ever since I post
that video last week
everybody's like Oh obviously you're
with Drew let's just not say we got
after you guys what do you think do we
make as a couple I mean I think you know
what's funny a lot of people I was like
what does that say about me that like
number one you're 12
what does that say about me that like
people think I dated child but then also
when people think I date you like this
is my type and like I'm your type I'm
saying I don't like what you're saying
number one where did we meet we met
online
oh my god actually yeah we did we met on
YouTube I watched his videos when I when
he was 11 - you know that was and we
Skyped for the first time we were having
like a business call but soon it became
something more just married cause like
I'm not talking about this romantically
but in a way like even our friendship
felt a little bit like romantic like in
the in the way that like it started out
as something we didn't think it was
going to be number two where was our
first date
oh my stomach yes yeah let's see mister
and you had um you I don't know if I
believe this I feel like you're gonna
make something up about what happened
and listen I can say this cuz I had dry
skin all the time like my face is always
falling out you had didn't notice oh no
it's a cute story you had a piece of dry
skin in your eyebrow Wow and it was just
me hanging yeah just you literally your
life and then you were eating a chip and
you were like nervously twitching and
talking to me and like not looking me in
the eyes and you were like what's it
like to be rich and then and then the
piece of skin fell into your plate and I
wanna definitely told me yeah and I was
too scared to say anything I think you
might have and then don't act like
you're eating ice no I didn't tell you
that it was the first day you would now
I would and then you ate it and I was
just like I feel like that I'm not what
if I would have dealt with you I
wouldn't be like I'm leaving oh no you
were so scared I was scared I was
shaking like hard yeah cuz I didn't know
what was gonna happen what was your
first impression of each other well you
thought I was okay I thought you were
sweet
don't be mean I did
say it like with a question mark and I
know I thought you were a sweet and
weird and a genius I thought he was
really rich I did like I wasn't sure how
it's gonna feel and then I stopped my
car you're like when and where did you
meet the family I met your mom at her
house so yes her asking about my brother
no did we meet everybody else Reed oh
yeah Oh what that was I was probably
been scared meet you meeting your
brother yeah my brother's a little scary
yeah he's like hey what's up oh my god I
Met Your dad you know you've met them
you might have been doing your mom are
you sure no didn't meet your mom she
Garvey and that's not true you were very
busy that night was I'm not cool
premiere on Netflix but I'd say like
what will your family impression of me
know they love you they're into and I
want you to I don't want you to think
that my family likes you because you're
famous I think for a second you kind of
thought that they did maybe and I know
that's going to be the automatic
response but they were like why are you
going to visit this 25 year old man once
a month like you still live with me and
you're 18 you said cuz daddy's rich and
they said bye bring us home some cheddar
do you have any weird obsessions with
each other and I think just like do you
have a weird obsession because I was
going to say almost as a way you curl
over your lip but if that's not what
we're talking about and that's not what
I'll say but I do love it let's do the
more that you do like me what's my OCD I
love with your tics my obsession with
Drew I love the way he eats his food
it's hard to know because the way Shane
shows love is to make fun of you make
you feel small that's like one of the
things that's hurt my feelings the most
so it's weird to hear when you make fun
of me like for eating and stuff it's not
with just you it's one of the other
people around I feel ganged up on
there's a lot I don't make fun of you
you're very messy and you get food
everywhere but it's cute like a baby
well you've said something interesting
now you said that I'm someone who does
get it on my face but I'm also tidy with
it yeah no you're not like a slob yah
but you fork a knife mm-hmm but then
spaghetti ethically yeah yeah I think
that your obsession with me is I mean
the cast is making an impression I'll
tell you that much
Thanks those toes are I mean
no I don't know just like when the
scruff comes in and I just love his hair
changes changes and how we I take him to
the haircut place and we talked about it
he said what should we do this time you
did we did up a good moment the other
day where I was having really bad hair
day and I was really depressed about it
and you looked over me here I'll do it
you didn't tell me that you had a bad
hair day you guys are me I know you guys
are me I'm drew you looked over anyway I
really like your hair right now that
sounds so fun I know sounds like the
frailest I know and they said it said no
no I do I did it at the lane like it's a
nice length that's it really good
I thought it was growing into your last
haircut I liked it and then I said I was
gonna kill Arizona really that un yeah
why don't we take this into the other
room talk about your hair on the balcony
oh okay we're gonna do one more you pick
a good one
what do you argue about them that's good
I'm gonna say we do got each other's
nerves it happens
why do you know it how do you get on my
nerves you can we get on your nerves you
get annoyed with me when you're getting
better at it but there was a time where
you would get more very sensitive to my
anxiety I would overwhelm you quickly I
think like when you'd be like I don't
know drew like that which I would be
awesome okay yes you're right sometimes
drew will ask a million bajillion
questions about about something because
just nervous and like it's like okay
let's say we're going to the movie at
7:00 and then sure we'll just be like
maybe there's somebody there hasn't met
yet and that's why he's nervous so
instead of talking about that he'll just
be like what times a movie play well is
there gonna be parking the movie was it
and then I had to just go I don't know
drew that's the fight yeah but then I
fight and I don't respond and then you
just go and then you just--ka tender I
don't think we don't hit anymore though
I think we had a moment like over at the
loop a little moment a little over a
year ago I feel like we had a moment
where I realized the first moment is
when you cried in the bathroom because I
called you annoying and I realized that
I need to watch the words I said because
I didn't call you annoying I said you're
being annoying right now because you
were and I didn't know there's a trigger
so I had that was a first time in my
second what you were being annoying here
we go not a little bit rude you get
taken out of context you were being rude
to somebody and because you were too
drue thing we're like you're rude to
people when you first meet that much I
think it's funny but it was going on and
on and then I was just like oh my god
you're being so annoying right now it
wasn't like a mean thing and then we
were laughing and then you were gone and
I saw you in the bathroom you were
crying and I gave you a hug and I feel
so bad because you're like you called me
annoying I'm like baby i love you you're
not annoying you're just being it more
in the moments it's not the best place
of our like friendship it feels like so
what are we doing talking about a year
and a half and I'm like I love it I am
really we're taking a step backwards
channel subscribe and we made a video
over there well I'm like what about some
things that have happened that we have
it go get my groceries go to my channel
we talked about something cuz I'm
crippled go to Jersey on subscribe and
we talked about sex in our first time
together in our relationship and I love
you guys make sure subscribing videos
every single day and give it to your
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye we're not actually oh my god what do
you want me to do let's get me I'm gonna
fast forward in what somebody dies oh no
everybody lives why would I cry it's at
like the opposite of San Andreas where
everybody dies and we're supposed to be
happy about it everybody died but the
rock is okay
although thank God the rock is okay
