hey listen guys so lately I've been
doing some of those try not to laugh
challenges and haha succeeding but if
there's one thing I do all the time
mainly at night when I'm in front of my
fridge at midnight its cry so I was
curious how's like I'm wonder if there's
a try not to cry challenge and guess
what
there is because the internet is full of
sad sad people so here we go everybody
get out the tissues we're gonna try not
to cry see if I have emotions Oh No Oh
what's happening oh it's dead cat oh
another live cat oh that's come on
that's against her will okay I'm gonna
be honest not a huge cat person I mean I
have two cats but do you see those
motherfuckers anyway up no but also I
think what it's trying to be is like oh
look this cat is dead and then the other
cat is like wake up girl wake up but in
reality the other guy is like who does
she feel so good about Darryl's bitch oh
man get in the crevices while your bones
and your muscles are so relaxed cuz you
did oh it's like I'm rubbing it on a big
ol carpet yeah that sounds great
somebody give me a dead cat oh no oh no
the baby's gonna die it's gonna die I
was playing soccer oh my god it looks
like me oh wait I think I just saw
something very disturbing let me go back
okay
okay from from what I saw I thought like
he was shitting on her head where in
reality I would cry laughing oh no they
beat him up this is me oh she found him
here's some candy it's my mom
you sad Jane food oh here's a birthday
party oh no one came
hahaha I'm a bad person
what there's someone at the door oh it's
her what the fuck is wrong with her eyes
Oh another playing video games Oh
oh shit getting crazy oh my god shit
what happened we got a video game was
that what's ooh watch out girl that's a
dick in a box oh it's a doggy it's gonna
die I was gonna die hard uh-oh something
happened she killed herself
oh no wait what oh she's having another
baby
oh no the doctor he's telling him oh
shit oh shit girl that may be gone oh no
oh it's a sad wait what's he scared okay
I'm so confused her baby died and the
baby was there when fuck the dog oh
that's dangerous you had your first baby
died and now you got your second baby
thrown her head out the window these are
just bad parents oh no oh no no why is
it so uh-oh
was she on her period though first of
all that dog would be dead
sounds big car second of all why do
people do that when they touch a bloody
thing and then they go like ya know
there's blood
oh it's licking the tears which by the
way dogs don't do that because they have
sweethearts they do that cuz your tears
are salty and it tastes like chick-fil-a
yeah I always thought my dog would do
that and I'd be like fuck its wiping my
tears it loves me and then he'll be up
give me more tears bitch oh those kids
are so good bitch
dogs won't get a fuck just like us oh no
she's pregnant again you need to wear
condoms oh oh this is where my jokes
stop I'm gonna stop because it's about
to get real cancer eat and I know a lot
of people who have died of cancer so I
don't want to make jokes about it and
also I'm not gonna cry because it's a
cartoon and their eyes are scaring the
shit next okay he's getting peed on
so fallen on set I'm very happy Oh tree
oh my god that's literally me with my
little scooter from my broken way girl
anybody gonna help
no okay oh hell where the fuck was he
when I was at chick-fil-a it's a second
time I brought up chick-fil-a think I'm
hungry wait don't they hate gay people
put those waffle fries though oh he's
gonna give a dog a chicken that's
expensive what is that a sack of bananas
that is gangster most people like when
they having sex they put a sock on the
door this motherfuckers like bananas
bitch big long bananas terrible
while night okay old lady oh it's for
her oh the trees getting bigger I'm
gonna fast forward to what somebody dies
oh no everybody lives I'm gonna cry it's
at like the opposite of San Andreas
where everybody dies we're supposed to
be happy about it everybody died but the
rock is okay although thank God the rock
is okay all right one more oh it's a
doggy and a little kid it's gonna die
one of them's gonna die I hope the kid
does
I hate when dogs die oh that's so cute
wait fuck you kid look I'm trying to get
close to you and your fucking crawling
away shit you don't know love when you
see it china doll crawling up to me
everything oh gosh Shh oh yeah I think I
watch this video okay I'm okay
this isn't I'm not I'm not sad it's just
a dog it's a dog and he's crying honking
fuck all right I'm done all right guys
go that was me trying not to cry guess
what I didn't cry did you cry let me
know down in the comments and if you did
I have no soul and I'm sorry
aren't you guys I love you hope you have
fun with me have fun with you make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
fine all right let's put the cheese in
the microwave these house is gonna burn
like a motherfucker whoa just want to
thank yummy nummies for destroying my
apartment all right ketchup we're just
gonna mix that with some water wow that
looks nothing like that it's not even
close
