hey guys so as you know I love to do
poppin cookin because well it's the
worst thing ever I hate it and you guys
love it but then I saw a lot of comment
sang-jin you should try yummy nummies
and I thought nope I've heard that
before
and then my kindergarten teacher got
arrested and everything's cool anyways
today I thought okay I mean Google yummy
nabis and see what it actually is and
then I found out it's the American
version of poppin cookin Belle listen
all I'm gonna say is America cannot do
things better than Japan so this is
probably good even more gross which
means you guys are gonna have even more
fun watching me ah what is my wife oh
and I can actually read the ingredients
one burger packet No
is this what it's like to be a chef
McDonald's okay girl money in a burger
packet a bun packet fry packet and some
cheese powder all right let's get
started
yummy nothing is okay first of all
that's me and I look very excited about
these nummies
I love the box I love that it says six
years old and plus because I'm
definitely plus like 20 years okay so
this is literally the exact same thing
as poppin cookin except there's like a
petri dish in here which I don't quite
understand and the last thing you want
to do is put any of this shit in a petri
dish cuz that's gonna grow some shit
whoo there's also a shot glass which I'm
definitely gonna need to eat this oh
they're numbered oh my god everything is
making sense ketchup burger okay so I'm
guessing you put the bun here and the
burger here this is the bun this is the
burger all right I'm doing good I'm
proud of myself so now I'm just gonna
mix it up mmm
yep looks just as gross as a Japanese
butcher kay that did not work okay how
am i messing this up it does literally
doesn't get easier than this yeah my
buns are so wet not even talking about
these buns I talk about my butt you know
was i walking around on crutches that
causes a soggy but alright we're gonna
put this in the microwave for Kyle sorry
oh it's already smelling like McDonald's
in here which does not say good things
about McDonald's all right here we go
I'm just scoop out the burger oh alright
not too bad it's almost a burger maybe
if you just kind of hold those together
oh yeah that looks like a scab all right
and the bun all right oh I'm fucking
killing this so that's the top bond
that's bottom button and we got the
burger what's next I guess you put the
fries in here okay I'm just like some
water
okay now let's microwave that oh god
there's smoke don't think go Swiss Mike
with that hamer that one time they need
instructions in English
and I still didn't read them hmm yeah
that's funny remember when my house
caught on fire right so here's the fries
oh my god they kind of look like fries
cut him into little thingies huh I'm
actually excited about this I mean they
kind of look like fries me not good
fries and that does not look like a good
burger huh good burger oh my god Kenan &
Kel oh this is what their career looks
like now I'm kidding Keenan's on
Saturday Night Live Kel speaking of
McDonald's so now I guess we're gonna
make the cheese oh no that is giving me
some Kraft memories honey dinner's ready
it's macaroni and cheese oh wow thanks
mom it looks so oh my god what the fuck
is that mom oh don't worry honey I'll
just throw some tuna fish in it you know
like the devil would mom just cuz I'm
fat doesn't mean I'll eat anything 30
minutes later tuna macaroni casserole is
ready I'm coming all right let's put the
cheese in the microwave these house is
gonna burn like a motherfucker whoa just
want to thank yummy nummies for
destroying my apartment all right
ketchup we're just gonna mix that with
some water wow that looks nothing like
ketchup but it's not even close and last
but not least time to make the soda all
right now if I fuck this one up honestly
just kill me all right time to put it
together so the fun let's put the ugly
bun on the bottom story of my life put
the burger on top and then put some
cheese oh no the texture though put a
little ketchup the top bun there we go
we got our fries put him in some ketchup
our burger that fell over and our coke
mmm
I'm never eating again all right time to
try my masterpiece first I'm gonna start
with the burger not gonna lie it
actually smells kind of good oh it
actually smells really good oh my god
what if I like it
I've never liked anything before I don't
know how I'm gonna do that here we go
sorry had to restart my camera the
flavor was so amazing that it just shut
everything down let's try it again
oh okay oh okay huh knockers like a
burger a cage-like when you're eating
hamburger helper at the dinner table
with your grandma because that's all she
got and then she makes a big joke and
she laughs and a big chunk flies out her
dentures and then goes into your mouth
and then you feel too bad and tell her
she's already gonna die anyway so you
don't want to like embarrass her to
death so you swallow it this is like
Grandma
Wow oh that's horrible that's way worse
than poppin cookin that's literally a
hundred thousand times worse of poppin
cookin the American version way worse
than a Japanese version this is The
Grudge of food this is the ring actually
the ring was a good one this is not the
ring this the brunt to this approach
three straight-to-dvd let's draw the
fries now if it's anything like the
burger you're gonna see me yak okay I'm
gonna keep it real that's good stuff
fuck how did that happen Oh oh fuck it's
like potato is like fries like salty
it's a creamy it's like crunchy oh
that's a good share yummy nummies you
didn't fuck up completely alright now we
got the soda pop Cheers no and I spilt
it all over myself cuz I wanted to do a
spit-take that was horrible that's like
when you were in the movies with your
grandma you're sharing a diet coke with
her and then one of her pills falls in
it and then well you're out and you wake
up ten years later and you're like where
grandma go and they're like who she died
you had a lot of crazy shit happen to
you in the last ten years what am I
talking about
oh where guys go that was me trying out
yummy nummies or dummy dummies or
whatever fuck it's called basic comas
down there let me know what kind of
numbing I mean tell me and show me you
want me that you want me to try next and
maybe I'll do it also subscribe gonna
make new videos every single day anyway
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
love you bye which movie would you debut
in a whole new world oh my god 101
bottoms the 13 inch Merman oh god no oh
I like them many orgasms of Winnie the
Pooh it is weird that women who never
wore pants and we also never saw his
dick where is it
