welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet so a new trend that has been
making its way across the interwebs is
called the don't judge challenge and the
idea behind this challenge is if you see
someone who may not be the most
attractive looking person they could
potentially turn themselves into a hot
person later on in their life so you
should probably be nice to them in case
you want to freak them later and by
freak line there are a few examples of
people doing me don't judge challenge
this challenge is the Internet and if
you have acne glasses and bad bone
structure you should probably just bury
yourself in a hole or get hot it up
quick obviously none of those things
could ever be attractive to a potential
significant other which is the goal of
being alive of course to attract a
significant other so there's not much
point in doing anything until you make
yourself hot then you're finally worth
something I mean the people that are
saying this challenge spreads negative
face and body image issues should
probably just stick their heads in a
garbage disposal because that's dumbest
I mean all of humanity simultaneously
you grieve that we have the exact same
standards of beauty person-to-person if
you ask every woman on the planet what
they physically look for in a potential
boyfriend they'll all have the exact
same answer because if they're all
attracted to the exact same type of guy
you know what that might not be entirely
true I messed up didn't account for the
lesbians I mean if you so much just have
glasses how do you even logically hope
to have a normal life so since this is
my favorite internet challenge to ever
exist
I wanted to of course make one for you
guys but I didn't want to do the same
old thing that everyone else is doing I
wanted to add in a little sugar a little
spice make it sweet like me so I'm also
gonna be adding in a little behind the
scenes elements you can see the making
of my don't judge challenge video enjoy
hey guys - welcome to my bathroom we are
going to begin it
don't judge challenge by just taking my
nigga awesome already on my face you
make me and then the thing is like I
already start feeling ugly as soon as I
taking a little bit of my makeup off
dude my deep-seated self-confidence
issues and that's good enough I don't
want to be giving out some various like
liquid and cleans to schmear all over my
face like an ugly person does so I guess
let's start with some like D over and
put some like little toothpaste apps
around and then let's get to only eat
first part of my don't judge challenge
video okay guys we got supper luteal
film now where you want to take this
ugliness off and transform me into okay
that is better us we're going to begin
with just foundation we were finally
coming up the ugly anyway let's move on
next we're gonna be adding in a nice
bold red lip because magazines tell us
this makes you hot someone will love you
someday someone will love you snacks now
I'm gonna be adding in a fun a full
blush fast makeup makes you pretty
makeup makes you pretty obviously don't
judge people because of you put in a lot
of time effort and work anyone can be
hot thank you guys so much watching this
sass and soda bomb now hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoyed this episode
keep that thumbs up and be sure to
follow me on twitter at Alexis G's all
I'm super close to 100 followers and
their question of the day what do you
think of the don't judge challenge leave
a comment and let me know I'll see you
guys next week with a brand new episode
of I'm calm
it's all good
