hey guys we just finished podcasters
puzzle guys we talked about gay sex we
talked about our butts we talked yeah
everything you want having sex with
women
we're breakups relationships more butts
so check it out link down there cycle
I've got complicated friends how do you
think it went good you popped my little
podcast for Disney I put my dick in your
pocket sanity so hard that uh you're
straight now I'm actually bleeding
checkup hey what's up you guys yes
welcome to another edition of Shane
can't leave the couch having a lot of
fun here on my channel this week so I
thought it'd be fun if I did a quiz
today I found one a BuzzFeed that says
what is your Disney porn star name and
I'm very excited about that because
obviously mine is mitchel Musso but if
that name ever for some reason doesn't
work out uh this will give me another
one alright let's do it oh well hello
unflattering angle you're looking
terrible Wow first of all this is making
me uncomfortable
she looked into it but also terrified
and also look she's gonna bomb it very
similar to how I felt when my mom used
to clean my foreskin is it technically
foreskin though if you've been
circumcised what is that the just extra
skin god it's like extra skin week here
on my channel alright number one which
movie would you debut in a whole new
world oh my god 101 bottoms the 13 inch
mermaid oh god no oh I like them many
orgasms of winnie-the-pooh it is weird
that winneth who never wore pants and we
also never saw his dick where is it
where would you shoot your film in a
train that would get you bumpy with a
sword that would get too bloody in a
flood we might need that because I tend
to drive people up what is this is this
like a little circus kind of looks like
one of those kiosks in the mall Oh
imagine fucking in a proactive kiosk oh
fucking Adam Levine just staring at you
going look at my one pimple go fuck
yourself wow I'm so much angry I'm gonna
do in a flood who would direct it oh
that's hard I kind of want you pedo to
direct it because I feel like first of
all he has a small tiny dick so he
wouldn't be judging my dick ooh but also
he is surrounded by a wooden boy and
sometimes I just can't get wouldn't and
then he'd say huh well my wooden boy can
be wooden how come you can't how come he
can't be more like pokey oh sorry I had
Gepetto issues oh I want this fat fuck
to do it hahaha I got so excited oh
there's so many secrets under that hat
his beard doesn't match his eyebrows but
it's okay I'm not gonna clock him on
that Gaston or guests off that's
literally
what I look like - the muscles in the
good face what will you shout when you
climax don't you dare close your eye oh
that's scary huh huh don't you dare
fucking close your eyes ooh actually
kind of turned me on let it go oh
someday my prince will come oh that's so
sad
who is that girl I see no seriously who
the fuck are you how did you get in my
room oh I love that I like a good
mystery I'm a real boy oh if you have to
scream that during sex you're probably
not what's this
I've heard that before she what is this
they're like seriously like what is this
uh that would be my thingy
it looks like an Apple TV remote is this
an Apple TV remote you have an Apple TV
oh can we watch orange is the new black
on that leg that's my dick I got moulay
you love taking on different roles which
is why you're versatile in bed and the
type of horn your appearance you'll make
a man out of baby what oh man look at
her long sleeves uh what is she doing
she looks stupid that's me fuck you know
what whatever i'ma fuck all the Disney
characters they're all gonna get moulay
they're all gonna get slowed and then
I'm gonna have my little talking raccoon
and he's gonna be like good job Shane
I'd be like thanks raccoon and then I'm
gonna fuck him and then I'm gonna throw
him over the boat watch him die am ia
bad person well yeah guys go that was my
porn star name what would your porn star
name be let me know down the comments
also give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe cause I make new videos every
single day and just honestly give me a
thumbs up out of pity feel bad for me
and you guys I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow
oh I hate it I'm gonna guess that it
toothpaste I don't know why Starbucks
would make that although that would
actually make sense because it's like in
the morning you drink your coffee but
you brush your teeth whoo it tastes like
toothpaste I am high on painkillers
right now Oh cotton candy No
