hey what's up you guys first of all I
just want to say usually I don't have a
reason for why I look like crap it's
just habit laziness today actually have
a reason as you guys know I broke my leg
show you fuck
meaning surgery tomorrow so wish me luck
but today I thought I would have a
little bit of fun because you know what
I'm sitting around the house all day not
able to exercise so why not drink 18000
frappuccinos nothing I love more than
obesity in a cup so I my friend go to
Starbucks and get six random ass flavors
of frappuccinos from their secret menu
I'm gonna try them try to guess what
they are
and probably spit them all out this is
not a sponsored video but I wish it was
cuz I love money let's get started this
first one ooh definitely looks like a
mixture of pee and come a little bit of
Dookie I don't know if it's because I'm
on painkillers but it's looking good
here we go oh oh oh what oh oh that's
horrible s I would rather break both my
legs and drink that again I would rather
break both my legs both my arms and my
neck I would rather be in so many cast
and I look like Patrick from SpongeBob
then drink bet again I'm gonna guess
that that is old people sweat old people
sweat on a hot summer day and the answer
is lemon bar that is something old
people would eat so technically that's
what their sweat would taste like well
that and neglect and sadness next one
okay this one is brown so I'm hoping
it's something chocolaty oh it smells
like Easter oh it smells like waking up
early in the morning running out to the
living room and nothing is there let's
drink oh but God oh I know that flavor
that's like when you're so emotional and
you just have to have a whole cake but
you're too lazy to let it cook in the
oven so you just put the mix and put the
water mix it up and just drink that shit
honey there's raw eggs in that you could
die that's the point bitch
this is definitely cake batter hundred
percent red velvet cake oh I know my
emotional eating's okay this next one is
pink I hate the color I hate anything
pink including my car and it is foamy on
top in a not delicious way let's try
this
oh oh oh oh it tastes like going to the
dentist
it tastes like one of the dentists have
masks you all these personal questions
your mouth is full you can't answer and
he just loves he basket so Shane tell me
about your childhood was there abuse of
her ha what other guy I can't understand
you but I understand why somebody would
beat you
you're fucking annoying oh I hate it I'm
gonna guess that it's toothpaste I don't
know why Starbucks will bake that
although that would actually make sense
cuz it's like in the morning you drink
your coffee but you brush your teeth who
it tastes like toothpaste I am high on
painkillers right now Oh cotton candy no
mmm that is not a conch and tastes like
I know because I eat it every day which
explains how I got this sick bikini bod
next one this one is a lot of colors it
kind of looks like an explosion of gross
I'm hoping I'm actually gonna like it I
want to like one alright let's try this
what oh no wait
yes no hmm what maybe oh oh okay it
starts like chocolate then I hit you a
coffee and then it tastes like Captain
Crunch and then it ends like grandma's
lips that explains my typical mornings a
child grandma can I please have some
cereal oh of course honey
here take it from my lips I probably
wasn't healthy
okay I'm gonna guess that this is
Captain Crunch caramel cocoa it's not
even fancy that's not even crazy that's
just two flavors fuck you
you wish you knew what grandma tasted
like I really need to talk to somebody
about them next what okay this one's all
white there's little specks of black
basically the opposite of my high school
experience let's try it okay
blue this one I like oh here we go
public comment Shane only likes a white
one races but it is good fuck it's good
I think that's marshmallow I think it's
marshmallow I think it's toasted
marshmallow I think it's marshmallow you
put on the stick you put on the fire if
you make it toast to all get so boring
it almost falls off it's lies you catch
it it's like to catch it slide you catch
it ooh and then you take it off you burn
the back your throw your I make it oh
fuck I don't even got to painkillers
anymore I just think that's me
cupcake interesting oh I taste it now oh
that's fucking good fuck
okay I'll be drinking that later alright
we have one more left this one kind of
just looks like all the other ones
they're all brown raises here we go no
no I hate it I hate it I hate it
this Wednesday's like the bottom of a
cereal bowl I'm like a cinnamon cereal
but then someone had a little bit of
throw-up in it like they ate too much
cereal no and it's like a little bit of
throw-up it's like sour
cinnamon gross cinnamon roll okay that
makes sense
cinnamon rolls remind me of Christmas
mainly because my mom would cook 24 of
them in the morning she had two kids I
ate them all so just reminds me of
sadness tonight of all of these I'm
going to say the best one is definitely
cupcake I'm gonna say the worst one is
definitely cotton candy that was fucking
disgusting
but hey Starbucks if you want to pay me
to do this again hit me up I'm more of a
coffee bean girl anyways all right you
guys I'm gonna go lay on the couch and
pop some painkillers hope you have fun
hang with me I'm funny with you and
hopefully soon I will be back to
semi-normal
and I will have taken a shower I just
can't shower right now so I love you
guys and I will see you
I know hating everything and everyone is
kind of your thing but Tori I don't hate
you
all right good shine
