hey what's up you guys um today I
thought I would do something a little
bit different as a lot of you guys know
over the last year I have made a movie I
was on a TV show about the chair and
probably the biggest thing I did was
shave my head a lot of you guys don't
know that I did that but I actually did
and I just got a clip from the TV show
of me doing it and I kind of cried
watching it and I was like you know I
kind of I want you guys to see this and
not a lot of you guys saw the show so I
thought this was kind of a big moment
for my career and my YouTube life you
guys have known me for my hair since I
started in 2008 so the shaving of my
head is something that I wanted to put
on my channel because it means a lot so
check out the clip and I will see you
right
the idea of the character of Scott
shaving his head came from Shane when we
were working on the script it came up
what's the thing that this character
wouldn't do like what is the big thing
and it kind of was this really fun
little bit of a wink to his audience cuz
I know how much his hair is part of him
then this character is obsessed with his
hair why would she dump you mr. perfect
with the amazing hair I always wanted to
do that ya feel good yeah that's great
okay good I think my hair is amazing
okay you know what you know you're
attractive it's annoying oh my god I
know what I got to do to get her back so
shaving it for the character is a huge
huge sacrifice and as Shane I know he's
kept it as long as he's kept it for you
two purposes and he'll tell you like the
Shane that he plays on YouTube is a
little bit of a character honestly I
think two years ago he started growing
out of this character at this point he's
really ready to do other things and
we've always joked that like his last
video ever on YouTube is gonna be of him
shaving his head Sarah in action so what
the are you doing this
I'm a complete asshole but I want to
change
I happy with Heather didn't mean
anything to me yesterday was the best
day of my life
I think Shane's tears and reaction on
that first take was really very much
from Shane I think you could see the
real person sort of shine through in a
way that I think will work great within
the movie as well
I know hating everything and everyone is
kind of your thing but Tori I don't hate
you
alright good shine not a dry eye in the
house shaving my head was definitely
like a graduation it was kind of like
time to grow up ten who move on you know
I'm 25 years old I shouldn't have that
haircut I probably shouldn't have had
that Turkey over the last five years to
be honest everybody in my personal life
couldn't have been happier that I shaved
my head everybody hated my hair
everybody my family my girlfriend like
producer and partner everybody in my
life because they knew how much I hated
it so when I finally got to shave it I
mean it was like the happiest day I've
ever had it was a stepping out of this
young internet world that I've been a
part of for the last eight years and I
was happy and I'm ready to move on in
direct movies and still make Internet
videos but hopefully it'll be okay that
I have a shaved head I'll be a little
creepy especially since my audience is
pretty young but you know what maybe
they'll grow up with me well there you
go that was it that was me shaving my
head having a crazy Britney Spears
moment and it took about got it seven
months to grow this back and I really
don't know what's happening I might
shave it off again anyways I just want
to say thank you guys so much thank you
for supporting me for letting me make a
movie or watching the movie for watching
the chair and if you didn't have stars
and you could watch the show it is on
iTunes now for super cheap so I'll put
the link down there you can check out
the show and it's really great and it's
a fun show and you to see me be crazy at
you guys I love you so much and I'll see
you next week
so first things first I should have
known the night was going badly when
this happened yes thank you for
reminding me that I am NOT a youtuber
with 40 million subscribers
