because yes welcome to a compilation of
me cringing and questioning if God
exists that's right we're going to be
reacting to more compilation videos of
me just being a human piece of shit now
you're wondering Shane why didn't you
shower today I'm just adding to the new
compilation of them every time Shane
didn't shower it's currently 17 hours
long alright so here we go that's Watson
compilations
this one's called Shane Dawson burping
in Reverse okay
these are burps it looks like a fucking
demon dick is that what burping in
Reverse
sounds like hold on while I was filming
my intro of this video I burped I cut it
out of the video but let's replay it and
put it in reverse Wow you can add that
to the compilation of why I probably
will be single forever oh somebody did a
burping remix
these are good
this is my legacy
I want this played at my funeral which
will be soon okay this one is called
Shane
but he's awkward silent and sad so Shane
oh my god I was happy in that one this
is really depressing oh oh is that live
footage from this current video
never mind I look like a shower in that
one
this is a lot of confusion how do I come
out yet I'm just like dicks pussy dicks
pussy dicks pussy Oh watch this let me
explain what this is what I do collab
videos which I don't really do anymore
I'm in my head a lot and I want to die
enough said okay this one's called how
Shane Dawson would feel if Ryland Adam
died but it comes to me just like
ordering everything I want is my funeral
is that me
that was crazy that looks like a 48 year
old woman who crafts like I was looking
down at my dreamcatcher like mid yarn
you make me feel crazy you make me feel
like it's my fault yes is that actual
audio from my phone call
wait is over he's dead rest in peace
I'll have a number seven with extra
cheese oh what's this one oh my god
Gemma and Julian imitating me bitch yes
that's my face it's so crazy to see what
I would look like on an attractive
heaven body it's kind of like we're
twins but like I was left in the wound
too long and the doctor thought I was
dead and they were like literally
dangling me by my leg and they were like
let's throw this one away but then I
started screaming and they're like uh
we'll keep it I love a miracle
you know it's crazy okay they probably
do this like all the time like not on
camera they probably do this while they
have sex he's probably down there
marbles he's like hey I love that I love
being a part that's literally gonna be
me if I'm a family vlogger like me and
all my pigs did I tell you I stopped
eating bacon for a day
you're very right about that pussy it
was fast but is that what people think I
look like now is that what I look like
now
all of a sudden my funeral is right
after this video see you guys later
okay this one's called Shane hates his
life and youtubers react
alright let's do this are you ready I'm
a hundred percent ready bring it on just
by turning out garbage on a weekly no no
I don't want this miserable the internet
sucks so much I don't do it anymore cuz
I was getting so much shit about it
because I'm honest like when they show
us these memes and these fucking stupid
videos I don't want to laugh cuz I don't
think it's funny but then I get called
out for being an asshole when I'm just
being honest and also kind of an asshole
who hates his life this one's called the
evolution of shamed off-center oh that's
cracking youtubers case you don't know
me my name is Shane nice to meet you hey
what's going on guys it's a Sunday night
here so there you go
all those people know who they are the
straight voice hey guys but hair my fire
alarm on my wall that's just dangling
but I guess I still look like shit now
I never glowed up I just throw up what's
cracking you guys oh that one I can
prison some reason really really fucking
yeah I'm gonna fast forward let's go to
2010 hey what's up you guys nevermind
2011 hits if you guys yeah hey guys does
it ever get better don't answer that
I'm just kidding I'm not a douchebag yes
you are yes yeah i okay let me explain
what so I wanted like a fun bedroom set
to film in so we painted my walls that
color got a bad sushi pillow I was like
it was fake
like nobody selected I would just wake
up fucking murder my hair with a
straightener that's why my fire alarm
was unplugged cuz it just kept going off
with all that smoke and then I would sit
my ass down put on a bright colorful
shirt and pretend to be 12 when you
realize your life is it try not to
cringe challenge I mean it's gone that
was my one day of looking almost okay
like I still look like Dan and Phil's
premature triplet but it's slightly
better let's keep watching
it's really gone like in sync god
driving down it's starting to get worse
yeah it lasted a day oh hey what's up
you guys yes we are going to ok and now
we're here that's a sad ending all that
maybe you want to do is throw away my
camera all right I'm gonna do it because
you guys want me to this is the Shane
saying I'll go home
compilation damn Shane's back at it
again with the microwave videos
I'll go home this blowtorch and make
sure she is still lit
I'll go home I don't know why that
became my face is that my thing I don't
know what my thing is I do a lot of
annoying things but I haven't said all
go home in a long time
so I guess you could say I'm I'll go
homeless yeah what did I just do to my
head coconut for men's Declassified
called he's dead oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god did we date I
mean give me a million reasons to quit
the show do we have a relationship I'm
so confused
was he watching
hey I want to see them fuck but also I
don't let's get out oh no this looks
like a compilation of me and Lisa this
is gonna be awkward first of all I'm
bisexual so I can like both second of
all I need to show that to Lisa or maybe
not you know okay here's what I'm gonna
do Lisa's coming over anyways to hang
out I think we should watch a bunch of
old compilations of our relationship
that's a really bad idea let's do it
some people really don't want us to come
back what are you I don't know some
people hate the she'sa
well but now that you're in a
relationship I'm in a relationship we
can all do each other hi just man three
days we have not done this for a long
time I think the last time we looked as
she said compilations we're both drunk
and crying so this is gonna be fun wait
what are we doing she's the compilations
what does that mean you'll see
here we go what scared well that's a
funny thing is like all some of these
moments we had already broken up but we
were like we're like well there's not
telling him it yet we kept making videos
in it was a dark year by we okay that
one was actually good all right that if
someone took the time to do that
god bless them let's see if this one
Jane wants to know do you guys never
want to shoot each other absolutely all
the time but vitamins bad and we you
look so cute thank you
the sad thing is you thought you were
like really fat there that's see that's
a craziest part is like I literally
thought I was the grossest fattest
person I look back I feel like an old
man looking at my young self I mean you
look good
yeah well I look exactly the same we can
I just say I would kill you I think and
I would never show you because that's
too easy I would do something slow
painful and like take a little razor
blade slowly rejuvenating in charge
making you suffer
dries out and then placed my fingertips
inside
oh my god that's exactly yes this is
called the cutest moments ever
I think I blacked that out cuz I didn't
not remember that rolled out of your
mouth so how are you still alive the day
after we broke up
no dude seriously he had broken up and
then I got an email from playboy on our
side oh that was haha the conflation
that was just like a weird moan that was
a she says over I'm a new one named
comparation okay this one's just called
Shane Dawson and Lisa Schwartz program
wait it's you know what's going on oh my
god oh my god
that is so funny I feel like my mom
probably would have sent the same video
oh my god what I'm just talking about to
literally no words
yeah hasn't made another video like
Shana's boyfriend now and then it's just
another one I think he stopped making
videos after that alright let's do one
more
what are these videos from
okay you're drinking and crying oh my
god what are you doing masturbating
stars very dark my kind of look I feel
like we should get back together and
break up again just four more they saw
my kid to dancing other guys know taking
a trip down the very scary relative
memory lane I don't know I feel like
it's a lot of diarrhea God also we on
her channel are going to read our emails
from when we first started dating I am
still nervous about that it's this so
cringy so if you want to show you that
I'm terrified go over her channel
subscribe to check it out I'll put the
link down there I'm gonna go die by guys
go that was me watching compilations and
sweating a lot if you want me to do
another one of these give me a thumbs up
so I know
also be sure to subscribe my channel I
hit the notification bell right down
below to the making videos of me and let
me know what compilation in she wants
next and I'm gonna go burp in Reverse
for 10 rival and I didn't shave my head
see you guys
