hey what's up guys yes I look dead and
it's because I almost am I am on so many
pain drugs killers what so many
painkiller drugs yeah I don't even know
what planet I'm on right now help me yes
for those of you follow me on Twitter
and snapchat and Facebook you guys had a
big ol fucking laugh because I broke my
ankle it's not funny I don't know why
I'm laughing
it's funny because of the way happened
so here's what I'll just to prove it
that's my leg
that's my cast that's my temporary cast
I go in tomorrow and they're gonna give
me a normal cast which is going to last
six to eight weeks I'm gonna kill myself
now here's what happened so this Drew's
birthday it was started out great me him
and Trish were like hanging on just
doing fun stuff and then drew it's like
let's go roller skating I'm like you
know what I've never roller skated in my
life that sounds terrible I'm probably
gonna fall down and hurt myself let's do
it call the uber so we got there and um
it was actually a lot of fun I'm
terrible but obviously foreshadowing I'm
not good but I was like now if I get
like I'm gonna try this anyways so first
things first I should have known the
night was going badly when this happened
yes thank you for reminding me that I am
NOT a youtuber with 40 million
subscribers anyway so then I finally
felt like I was doing good I was like ah
fuck like I'm getting good at this then
I got kind of cocky so I started
snapchatting while I was skating we're
fucking killing the skating game bitch
what if I felt that now that'd be so
good and that is the Karma of it all
because just like a final destination
movie I fucking had a premonition I said
Oh would it be funny if I felt right now
right when I put my camera away guess
what happened I fell hard my foot went
behind my body caught my body and
twisted and my actually by the way
Kourtney's like listening right now
she's like this is so boring my foot
went behind my body and cracked in half
and I could feel my big toe inside of my
ass and I said that doesn't go there and
then I was trying to be really calm and
then a little boy was crying and he ran
over he said Shane are you dying and
that didn't help and I was like I'm not
dying but can you can you get the boss
can you tell somebody to come over here
because I think I just broke my leg and
then so then I just lay down on the
floor and I opened my eyes and I see
hundreds of pee
surrounding the skate rink with their
phones taking pictures and laughing and
then they come over and the guy this is
the worst part the guy goes what
happened and then I said well I just
fell and I think I might have broken my
foot so can you call an ambulance and
then he was just like ah take your time
sir my foots bleeding to death
take her down so then he calls the
ambulance and then I go to take the
skate off and it goes ooh don't take the
skate off and I said why it goes well if
you take the skate off then it could
just swell up and I don't know like who
knows we'll get out of your foot not
something you want to tell somebody
who's having a panic attack
so I started shaking and freaking out
but I just took off the skate anyways
because I was in so much pain and my
foot looked crazy it looked like a
breast implant that had been stepped on
there was veins there was blood there
was like fat covering it it was fucking
crazy so then I started having panic
attack they wheel me in a wheelchair
outside away for the ambulance
again the ambulance and then the
paramedic guy is like hey you should
totally Instagram this and I was like no
and then I did what can I say
I'm just a social media piece-of-shit
whore so that's when it all started
hitting me and I was just like oh my god
I mean an ambulance is Drew's birthday I
ruined his fucking birthday also my leg
looks like it got stuck in a meat
grinder literally my foot it was like my
leg and then my foot my wrist or my
fucking ankle and then my foot like it
was the craziest looking thing in the
world and I started getting huge and the
pain was so unbearable that I couldn't
even cry or scream because it was so
painful and then I said do you think
it's broken and the paramedic goes no if
it was broken you would be in so much
pain that you would be screaming at the
top of your lungs and it would be really
annoys so I was like okay I guess it's
not broken so we go into the hospital I
wasn't getting wheeled in there's a guy
in the waiting room who got shot in the
head and there was a towel full of blood
on his head so that's fun so then I'm
sitting there and they take me back for
x-rays I said oh do you think it's
broken like I'm really nervous and the
x-ray guy goes well how did you fall I
said oh I just you know fell backward on
my foot it goes no it's not broken like
to break it you have to drop something
on it or you have to fall from really
high or like you know you have to have a
big impact I said okay that's good and
then he goes I mean unless you were
doing something stupid like
rollerskating and that's when I started
crying because I was just like I was
rollerskating and I was just crying and
I'm like oh my god it's broken oh my god
what does that mean I've never broken a
bone before I'm so scared and then once
again he's like if you if it's you know
if it's broken you would be in much more
Payne so then they do the x-rays and
then the guy as he's doing x-rays he
goes and I said huh what and he goes oh
um okay so they're gonna tell you what
it is in a minute and I said can you
tell me what it is and he goes mm-hmm
and I said you know what it is he goes
mm-hmm and I said well what is it
oh the focuser what is it and he's like
I'm not allowed to tell you but um bye
and he left and like 20 minutes later
the woman comes in and she was yep
yeah broke it like it was a fucking
hilarious joke to her and I was like
crying like oh my god was that me and
she's like you never broke a bone before
like I'm about to break another one
bitch and then she just throws out
casually okay well basically you're
gonna have to find a foot doctor cuz
your whole like fucking leg is broken
your ankles broken so flick snap in half
so you're probably gonna be in a cast
for like eight weeks and you might need
surgery they'll probably like metal in
your leg like screws and stuff okay bye
I mean I had no idea was going on
luckily Trish and drew were there mm ah
my brother came I was crying I was
freaking out and I do have a high pain
tolerance which is good because I mean
if I didn't have high pain tolerance I
would have been screaming bloody murder
for probably three hours so luckily I do
then I came home and now I'm here I'm on
drugs so that's what happened so just
letting you guys know I'm gonna try to
keep making videos I need a few days to
like recover I mean I need eight weeks
to recover but a few days until I can
actually like move because right now I
have to keep my leg like that so it
doesn't swell up and like fall off so if
I don't have to some bit daily videos
once in a while just give me a break
trying to figure this shit out but I'll
keep you guys posted and thank you guys
so much for all the sweet nice Twitter's
and snapchats and stuff I'm not gonna
lie I'm really I was really scared very
scared but because of my family my
friends and you guys I felt very
comforted and loved and like you know
less scared I'm still sad I'm sad
because I've wanted to have a fun summer
and my birthday's coming up and I wanted
to like do things and go places and now
you know I have crutches and that's kind
of funny but it could be so much worse
and I mean I don't want to be dramatic I
mean so many people have so many
disabilities in art or so many people
get hurt it could have been worse I
could have actually broken both legs and
so I am grateful that it was just an
ankle and and if you're out there and
you're dealing with the same thing well
we can be ankle breaking buddies and you
guys can sign my cast just please don't
draw dicks on it cuz I have to go out in
public all right I love you guys and
I'll see you guys hopefully tomorrow bye
pick an aphrodisiac asparagus doesn't
make your pee smell although I guess
people would be turned on by that what
the fuck Oh pomegranate acts like what
the fuck is that like a fucking
open-heart surgery
Oh what is wasters oh ma this is all
gross
