hey guys welcome to bomb.com we talk
about the things that are blowing up on
the internet you may have heard the
popular song where are you now by Diplo
and Skrillex as Jackie which contrary to
popular belief is not actually about
someone looking for their car in a
parking lot song featuring Justin Bieber
has been out for quite a while now but
the music video was recently launched
and I have to say based on the reaction
on Twitter and other social media it's a
pretty cool concept so let's watch it
together immediately sorry my computer
right here with where are you now music
video on it we're gonna watch it with
our eyes it's kind of like artsy got
some fun weird-looking letterboxing I'm
into it
yeah very artsy tumblr grunge Justin
Bieber I could see somebody building a
nice Instagram aesthetic off of this is
smoldering at me so hard this is so cool
oh my gosh
Twitter was right we actually had people
make the artwork can you imagine trying
to pause this and finding your exact
drawings oh no oh oh okay I'm into it I
fully support it I think that is a very
artistic and fun music video and it
matches the song well so go jack you not
I'm not like trying to say you like yay
for Jack you still sounds offensive so
as you can see there are a lot of
drawings and other artwork featured in
the music video itself and since the
drawings are each so short some of them
contain secret messages I have seen
drawing screenshotted on Twitter and
vine pointing out things like Bush did
9/11 or other fun little conspiracy
theories and I thought to myself from
the voice of Tyler Oakley and mamrie
Hart that resides deep down inside my
head that this music video would make a
pretty interesting drinking game but
since I am a minor and don't smoke
alcohol or drink pot I'm gonna put a fun
little twist on it okay so the game you
are going to be playing here today is I
have both lime juice and soy sauce so
I'm going to be watching this music
video and every time I pause the video
and see something sexual or conspiracy
theory I'm going to eat a spoonful of
soy sauce and then every time I see a
curse for
enemy's video I'm going to have a
spoonful of lime juice I don't know
what's gonna happen in my stomach
we'll see that'll be interesting ok
nothing yet nothing there's a lot of
words and a lot of offensive people
written all around Plus Taylor Swift so
I think I'm going to have to have a
spoonful soy sauce I spilled you but not
that bad
nope nope ok ding ding ding I have found
a curse word so let's have a spoonful of
my new shall we
stains like really concentrated key lime
pie oh this is so much more difficult
than I thought it was going to be also
my stomach is having a reaction I don't
know what it is oh wait I saw a dick I
saw a dick we got to find it ahh I keep
skipping it so salty it feels like
actually the chunk of salt and then
drown myself in the Pacific Ocean well
unfortunately I think that is all the
conspiracy theories sexual things and
swear words I'm going to be able to find
Indy where are you no news of you let me
know by committing me at Alexis she's
all if you find any more interesting
screenshots and in the meantime I am
going to go and do Samedi thank you guys
so much watching hopefully would in
nature with our awesome infinite
shrapnel I'll see you guys next week
with a brand new episode of I'm calm so
good
