hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is Destin I
can't say the word necklace necklace
neck necklace no necklace necklace I
just can't do it but this was the fuck
news we talk about the fucking weird-ass
news that you might have missed in the
last week the first thing that I want to
talk about today is the awesome news
coming out of the Supreme Court where
after a 5-4 majority vote has made
same-sex marriage legal in all 50 states
and I'm pretty sure I don't need to tell
you that this is a big fucking deal
like the LGBT community has been
fighting for this for so long and it's
just so awesome to see that like
ignorance and closed mindedness is now
kind of the unpopular opinion but it's
kind of hard to see this as like a
battle that was won but for a lot of
people it is exactly like that some even
calling this the biggest civil rights
victory of our time so huge victory for
America in general with a ton of people
and even businesses showing their
support with this decision including
YouTube coca-cola Target Netflix
Starbucks and a ton of others but of
course there's always the people that
oppose positive news like the couple
that promised they'd get divorced if gay
marriage was legal or the pastor that
claimed he was going to light himself on
fire if marriage equality was legal
normally I don't approve of people being
lit on fire but I might make an
exception here but yeah huge news coming
from the Supreme Court and I couldn't be
happier for the people whose lives
that's positively affected or negatively
I don't really give a shit go out
yourself on fire haters Steve I fucking
care make sure to record it put it on
youtube so i can go leave a comment
saying yeah and yeah it's just awesome
that we're moving towards a future where
people see people as people and not the
color of their skin or who they choose
to love it's just cool I don't know
anyways I'll do some actual what the
fuck news man was in the news is last
week after he got over 20 tattoos of
Miley Cyrus on his body and after Miley
saw them and called them ugly Wow Miley
that's just rude I mean they can't be
that oh my god what the fuck is that
I've talked about some pretty horrendous
tattoos on the show but can anyone
explain to me what the fuck this is it
does that want to tattoo a Miley Cyrus
or hoggle from the labyrinth the worst
part about this story is the guy who got
these tattoos is 42 and has been getting
these tattoos since his divorce in 2010
okay so let me try to understand this he
breaks up with his wife and then just
decides to spend five thousand dollars
getting Miley Cyrus tattoos where's the
logic I don't I don't want it we'll show
her just put Miley down my hole
please that'll make her so mad the
morning junior old call McCoy told new
sources after Molly herself commented
all the tattoos calling them a super
ugly and he plans to have some of them
removed and possibly redone yeah or you
can just not have them redone and just
remove you might regret that a little
bit less also because this guy started
giving these tattoos in 2010 that means
Miley would have just turned 18 it's
cutting it real close to have this be
real creepy man actually know what
scratch that this is creepy like unlike
the 23 year old girl to add 14 Liana
tattoos all over at least she wasn't
twice her age 42 is like the age where
you start looking at your tattoos you
got when you're 20 and saying wow maybe
I shouldn't smoke so much crack and
drank so much this is a big mistake now
I have thug life tattooed on my scrotum
forever noting age to get hideous Miley
Cyrus tattoos all over you like no
offense of the fans of something so much
they get it tattooed on their body
forever more vets to the tattoo artists
who fucking did this like how could
anyone look at this and be like wow that
looks so good that's my best work yet
Wow definitely does not look like the
creature from Hellboy to the Golden Army
now be 400 back sleep anyways Carl
claims he wants to remove the tattoos
not only because Miley hates them but
also because the tattoos are affecting
him getting a girlfriend in hopes to
look to the future
whatever that means next what the fuck
news woman was sentenced to six years in
jail after she put shit in her 6 son's
hospital IV - the fuck like where did
she even get shit to put in there in the
first place and how did she get it in
there and what happened when she got
caught like man what are you doing are
you putting shit in your son's IV - I
know it's a it's it's it's it's it's
chocolate mmm
it's so good oh my god no that's shit
that is shit I'm honestly just so
concerned for this woman's well-being
but what was her thought process was she
like oh man shit will make my son feel
so much better
or like man this will be a hilarious
prank to put on YouTube and show my son
one day oh wait what my son's die it's
not normal to put shit in my son's face
no way anyway is he 35 year old Candida
fluty sounds like the name of a cereal
no one would buy hey Jimmy got some more
candy
anyway she recently pleaded guilty to
child endangering after she put fecal
matter that's poop to you and me in her
son's IV tube after she was trying to
get a nurse's attention to care for her
son or you could have just been like
excuse me miss my son could use some
medical attention instead of my son
needs medical attention
I guess I'll shit in his IV it's good
fuck anyways poop veins now resides an
ant now that his mom is serving her
sentence in a Virginia prison where
every meal is like shit in your IV a
little taste of your own medicine and
lastly in some movie news after ton of
waiting to find out we will play the new
Peter Parker in the upcoming spider-man
reboot Marvel has finally confirmed that
spider-man will be played by British
actor Tom Holland and if you're anything
like me you're probably like who
apparently Tom Holland is mostly known
for his smaller roles in movies and it's
bent by marvel to hopefully bring some
sort of awkward quirkiness back to the
character of Peter Parker after the
highly controversial and mixed feelings
about Andrew Garfield's portrayal of the
webspinner and the amazing spider-man 1
& 2 and obviously because I don't know
this actor or what he can bring to the
character I'm slightly skeptical but I
trust Marvel knows what they're doing
also in more Marvel movie news the
guardians of the galaxy - just received
their official title for the second
movie now officially known as guardians
of the galaxy vol 2 so not entirely
exciting I always assume to be something
like Tony ends of the galaxy -
retribution
guardians of the galaxy - we are Groot
guardians of the galaxy - Star Wars dad
is got it going on I think I like my
movie titles better anyways that is it
for this episode of what the fuck news
but which is the day for you guys what
is your opinion on the whole marriage
equality legalization and why leave your
answers in the comments down below all
of the day's stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links also before you guys go make
sure to check out my newest video on my
channel where I talk about how fucking
shitty it is going to the dentist
I fucking hate the dentist because you
know before you go in the dentist you
look in the mirror your smile and you're
like
you know like you don't think that your
smile is all that bad or anything and
then you go in the dentist and it's like
alright let's have a closed teeth oh my
god what can including my appointments
it's that mouth it's fucked up seriously
though anyways I will see you guys next
week for another what the fuck news
thanks for watching and fairways you
don't like Southside music no I'm just
pretty concerned about that kid back
there I'm pretty sure he's dead you got
sixty nine okay first of all what is
coming out of her butt is that your
polite do you even floss no yeah I
thought oh you fucking disgusting
