hey little bee guys yes I know when you
look at me your first thought is damn I
bet that guy has a lot of sex is it
consensual probably not is it even with
another person no but either way sex is
sex right I'll just fuck anything imma
fuck that couch okay
I've already fucked that couch Thanks
IKEA anyways today I decided it'd be fun
if I took a quiz and this quiz is called
what is your favorite sex position all
right let's get nasty number one what is
your sexy spirit animal what does that
mean like what animal would I have sex
with because I've already had sex with a
golden retriever she was into it calm
down never had sex with a bunny rabbit
something about there knows something
about their face something about the
suspiciousness that they have when
they're like a frog is a little too
slimy although I've heard if you lick it
you get high and if you're gonna have
sex with me you better be on drugs I'm
gonna go to Boulder and Traver just
because you know been there done that
almost got arrested where is your
favorite place to do it
club bathroom ooh that does actually
sound nice cuz you know there's like
music in the background there's sad
girls puking in the stall next to me
Miley Cyrus is just doing that in the
bathroom oh that's what I wish VidCon
was anywhere just take my clothes off no
I won't even go to a waterpark because
there's a sign that says no shirts
allowed no shirts no Shane I hate my
body the great outdoors the last thing I
need is somebody comparing my dick to a
branch because the branch won't win I'll
just say my bed pick an aphrodisiac
asparagus doesn't make your pee smell
although I guess some people would be
turned on by that
what the fuck pomegranates like what the
fuck is that
like a fucking open-heart surgery Oh
what is Westers oh ma this is all gross
I'm gonna go with chocolate pick a song
to get you in the mood Oh where's 22 I
don't know about you but I'm feeling 22
Lou okay so you're legal no I'm 16 but
this is VidCon so who cares take a sexy
bedroom well first of all all of these
look like beauty guru bedrooms you got
glamour Ozzy you got juicy star you got
Michelle Phan I'm gonna go with Ingrid
what can I say we're both a bunch of big
land fans pick a physical activity
nope pick an accessory Oh God oh oh okay
we're gonna have to blur a couple of
these I'll give you a hint this is not a
popsicle fluffy pillows yeah fuck that
before what do you say most when you're
doing the deed I was already selected
for me yes right there that is not what
I say usually I just go che
they really like that all right
see what I am you got 69 okay first of
all what is coming out of her butt is
that your polite oh that's just hair
wait who's him wait what for you sex is
an exploration of each other's bodies
yeah that's an exploration that's a
national treasure shit good luck Plus no
one has to wait their turn I do like
that which is why I love buffets just
like everybody get the Souplantation
chowder Larry guys go I'm a big old 69er
Oh what all right you guys I'm gonna go
hope you find coins in with me a fun
quiz with you and I will see you
tomorrow at 69 kidding yo unless you
feel like 22 but seriously I love you
back hey did you hear that Joey
Christopher's gay I want to fuck it ass
so hard I want to fuck that out so hard
to Siri but how hard you want to fuck
that ass so hard daddy please oh my god
fuck yeah
