hey what's up you guys know I don't know
about you but I love talking to myself
I love having full conversations I love
fighting I love making up I'm crazy but
what I also love to do is talk to my
phone not to my friends cuz we don't
talk
I mean who talks anymore literally if I
get a phone call I'm like who died and
then I don't answer it because I'm just
not good at dealing with death ignore it
that's what I always say
anywho I decided it would be fun if I
downloaded an app that you can type
whatever you want and then the phone
says it to you so it's almost like I'm
having a conversation except I'm crazy
okay let's start what should it say
first okay how about hey guys
Shane is so sexy
oh god I'm sad hey guys Shane is so sexy
huh okay first of all I didn't believe
you sound a little forced maybe if I
change the pitch a little more feminine
hey guys Shane is so sexy oh fuck that
filled all the holes in my heart thank
you imaginary person okay now let's do
some a little weirder how about hey did
you hear that Joey Christopher's gay I
want to fuck it us so hard I want to
fuck that out so hard to Siri but how
hard you want to fuck that ass so hard
daddy please oh my god fuck yeah what
else did you make a screen with my big
hairy cock oh my god I'm 12
how how fat is your cock Siri so fat
it's practically you in high school
man that was low but true would you fuck
me when I was fat no what about now what
about now I know what if I got a
six-pack
that shit's never going to fucking
happen bitch damn trick bombs sorry
who's your favorite youtuber I really
love Trisha Paytas her huge titties give
me like her huge titties give me life -
what do you think about Caitlyn Jenner I
want to fuck that bitch in her old cunt
mmm yeah me too and I like that you said
her sorry did you see Jurassic world
yeah Chris Pratt could push like days
into a pillow and pound my ass so hard I
died
wow that was graphic Siri and I agree do
you think one day I'll ever be happy
that should make me laugh oh my god
would have been hey sir do you think
that everybody should subscribe to my
channel because I make new videos every
single day no you suck
I like Smosh haha ok I think I'm done
why you guys go oh good idea in the
comments leave me a sentence of
something you want me to have series say
I don't make another one of these videos
cuz that was too much fun and I'm
definitely gonna be playing with that
all night I think I'll be home in the
end bunny with you no see you tomorrow
my god so then everybody's like wait
maybe the whole book is about gay maybe
that's the point of the book is to
accept yourself for who you are and
fucking make magic which would make
sense because didn't he always want to
get with Hermione but it didn't end up
happening because it just wasn't meant
to be and Hermione that's just another
word for poser
interesting
