hey what's up you guys yes scary music
scary camera angle scary facial hair
that must mean it's a scary video yes it
has been a long time since I've done a
conspiracy theory video and I'm sorry
about that maybe I was actually dead for
the last couple months and I just came
back to life maybe I'm still dead inside
that's a conspiracy there you should
believe anyways let's get to the
theories so today I don't really have a
theme it's more a collection of random
things that I'm interested in so we are
going to call this random conspiracies
and also Nicki Minaj so we're going to
start with one of my favorite
conspiracies which is Harry Potter is
actually about being gay okay so let's
break it down number one it's a story
about a boy who lived in a closet number
two his aunt and uncle were ashamed of
him because his parents were eccentric
and they're afraid that he'll turn out
just like them on his 11th birthday
which is around the time of puberty he
finds out that he's actually a wizard
unlike everybody else who were just
muggles for stream and then he's taken
under the wing of a big hairy guy who
shows him this secret world of wizards
that are underneath the real world kind
of like the hidden gay world underneath
the street world and the first place
that he takes him through is diagonally
which is obviously a play on words for
diagonally which is the opposite of
straight now the reason a series started
was mainly because you know later after
the books came out JK Rowling said that
one of the characters Dumbledore
Dumbledore dumb or I don't know was gay
so then everybody's like wait maybe the
whole book is about gay maybe that's the
point of the book is to accept yourself
for who you are and fucking make magic
which would make sense because didn't he
always want to get with Hermione but it
didn't end up happening because it just
wasn't meant to be and Hermione that's
just another word for closely
interesting conspiracy theory number two
there's actually a dead animal on my
head I'm just kidding I just don't know
what to do with my hair right now
concerns either at number two Nicki
Minaj is actually jay-z now this one is
really stupid but it's really funny and
oddly sounds true so they took a Nicki
Minaj song and they slowed it down and
it sounded just like jay-z here's a clip
notice for the boys
be blazin up got stacks on decks like
you paving up I mean come on
that's literally jay-z that's jay-z in a
pink wig and then they took a jay-z song
and sped it up and it sounds just like
my ball with I mean come on that has to
be real it's too good not to be real
here's another theory if you pitch
myself I sound just like Tyler Oakley
well hello everybody all right now this
next theory is actually a collection of
theories and it is one of my favorites
of all time
this is time travel now I believe in
time travel for sure because number one
it has to exist in a million years from
now there's definitely gonna be a time
machine which means that people are
probably traveling time right now my
main theory is that UFOs are actually
just time machines and dejavu is just
somebody went back in time fucked
something up and we had to relive
everything again so deja vu was like
every time we're having to relive it I
know I'm crazy but let me show you some
actual proof the first one is the
time-traveling hipster now this picture
was taken in 1941 and if you look
there's a guy standing in that picture
who literally looks like he just walked
out of urban outfitters modern sunglass
is a cool shirt that fucking little
sweater vest thing that all the
youtubers wear I mean come on really
look at it it's actually very creepy
everybody around him is like oh i'm
Bamba for days and then he's like her
where's the Chipotle it's fucking nuts
the next piece of evidence is from an
old Charlie Chaplin movie from 1928 now
if you look at this clip you're gonna
notice a woman walking on the street
talking on a cell phone
I mean fuck that's crazy like what is
that like come on what could that be
they somebody could be like oh no she's
just holding her purse up why would she
be holding her purse up and talking to
it unless she was a crazy homeless
person do you think she was traveling
back in time and she's like girl I'm on
the side of a Charlie Chaplin movie is
crazy yeah no girl gonna catch a holdup
oh sure he saw me oh my God if I could
time-travel I would just go back in time
to the time I met Hilary Duff put duct
tape over her mouth
put her in might surround him get down
let's move on this is another video from
1938 and you can see a woman walking
down the street holding a cell phone I
mean come on do you think she was on the
phone and she was like oh I was trying
to go back in time and then I was trying
to go to that Beyonce concert and then I
ended up in a factory girl and I had to
work ten hours honestly though if I end
up getting to see Queen B it'll be worth
it and my last bit of evidence is really
creepy and actually kind of gave me
nightmares it is from a Chinese tomb
they opened it up and it was from 400
years ago and inside they found a tiny
watch with the word Swiss engraved on
the back a Swiss watch from 400 years
ago I mean just think about it the fact
is somebody might have traveled back in
time with a tiny little watch and died
and then four hundred years later that
watch is found I mean that shake is what
nightmares are made of
what if I'm from a different time here
what if I'm from a different time area
we're being hairy and pasty and pale is
beauty how do I get there all right guys
go those are my conspiracy theories for
today leave some comments down below
telling you which ones you believe and
which ones you think are bullshit also
let me know what else you want me to
talk about I love making these videos
and I'll try to make them more I wanna
be honest some of the theories I like
are really dark and kind of fucked up
and I'm a little nervous to make videos
about them so if you guys want me to let
me know I'm really into 9/11
conspiracies and tragedy conspiracies
and aliens and the moon landing I'm into
a lot of controversial ones so I'm
nervous I don't want the government to
kill me but if you want them I'll make
them thank yes if you have fun
conspiracy with me I found conspiracy
with you and I will see you all right
well I vote you guys prettiest couple on
YouTube so congratulations give us a hug
group hug on Shane oh oh oh you know the
way girl laid for the god
