I keep picking up past lives on you
Shane okay uh you know times of that way
oh my god so many I got architecture I
got I got enter I guess architect you
were a ballerina in Fremont to be one of
those hey what's up you guys I am a
disaster it is 4:30 5:00 in the morning
and I just took a shower and I'm on my
way to go film the last day of my new
short film it is a sequel to that I hate
myself a short film that I did a few
months ago this one is about the High
School Musical that I was in and GG
stars in it with me she plays my mean
girlfriend and Drew is in it it's really
really fucking funny so I'm gonna take
you guys on the set today my skin right
now is completely fucked because I've
been wearing the fat suit for two days
so as you can see like I have burns on
my body I mean my skin is very sensitive
but it's gonna be worth it all right
let's go to school
hey guys look I'm back to school and
look who's here hi I got a haircut hi
look it's us you're happy and I'm
fucking miserable and I want to die I'm
happy it's a good day no it's really fun
everything's great
I hate it because it's fat - it hurts
but it's worth it right yes all those
years of eating and not dealing with my
emotions in the proper way not having
therapy and just eating it eating a
peanut butter out of the jar was working
oh we restored your old chin both of
them so many secrets in there oh god did
I get older I look old right look like
Bruce Jenner back when he is Bruce
Jenner my turn - Caitlyn that's a
trilogy that's gonna be the third one
are you transitioning fucking wish I get
so many views who I'm gonna call this
video and transitioning I'll film at
least I'll cry girls look I got a new
girlfriend hey oh my god I'm gonna
destroy her literally gonna destroy you
if I get me got near you I can find your
penis paper deeper here deeper thank you
I'm great can't wait for that look who's
here I got here today and there was just
fuckin the item was told to come to a
school and there was kids here and it's
June and I was like what the fuck is
going on and there was like a yard duty
and she's like hell ow
and I was like hi I'm here for the shoot
and she's like show - she go home
and now II had no idea you do look like
you would shoot up us Oh 100% I look
like I have and this is my third today
yes we were filming it is been a fun day
that's my cat suit he's just chillin on
the table and I'm gonna I'm gonna fuckin
that so sweaty you it's literally the
grossest thing ever
you missed you earlier Gigi gave me a
hand job through my sales yeah we made a
sex tape yeah like you have real jizz
yeah and Gigi gorgeous and Gigi gorgeous
his fingertips you should all tweet her
about that oh you should totally ask her
out you have nothing to lose exact
attentively look at that stick oh oh
don't show what I'm looking at don't
mind if I do literally come stand on
your pillow there are difficult pants to
do anything in you can't brush your
teeth you can't come do you want to see
this
there's too much oh my god that was
different too hard that's a wrap on drew
and Gigi lunch guys thank you it's been
great what was your favorite part my
favorite part was working with you Oh
what was your least favorite part I
would definitely say we're here our
O'Meara Shan mm-hmm mm-hmm we'll be what
are you gonna do after this probably go
get ice cream smoothie Jamba Jamba Jamba
Juice hey all right well I vote you guys
prettiest couple on YouTube so
congratulations Shane give us a hug
group hug on Shane okay
oh you know the way girl laid for the
gods right this is what she looks like
naked oh my god the ass is dredged lift
up my ruler it's drenched like inside
water not to see this wants to smell it
three did you actually spell it
what does it smell like hey guys the
days over the video shoots over we just
got dinner I'm out of it I'm wearing a
lot of makeup how are you doing
he says the video shoots over but it
never ends with him it never ends
another video here we go no it was
really really great really excited you
guys are gonna fucking love it I'm gonna
be editing forever he slap slap slap
slap slap it was great Andrew was great
everybody was great and we're coming up
to my favorite store in the whole world
the Spanx store ready for the ship get
all this I'd like to request a reopen oh
my god I'm literally wearing those right
now honey my underwear practically Spanx
they're really tight so huh we're gonna
fuck and suck and I'm kidding
we're gonna watch a lot of YouTube how'd
you go to the bike it's gonna throw it
out there I've never seen Harry Potter I
don't know what Hogwarts means but I
think you should get yourself checked if
you're positive for it and I can't stop
looking at the couch somebody died on
that for sure wait who pronounced his
name Francis I've been calling him
Franta Connor Franta Fanta Fanta don't
you want to yes I wanna go home
