what are your thoughts on aliens because
I feel like there has to be right I mean
oh yeah there has to be out there oh
there's plenty of aliens in fact that
would be good instead of plenty of fish
plenty of aliens and we could date
hey what's up you guys so today I
thought it'd be fun if I watched more
youtubers first videos okay the first
YouTube we're gonna look up is
howtobasic now how do you basic is one
of my favorite YouTube channels and the
person who runs it is also one of my
favorite people I still don't know who
he is because he keeps his identity a
secret which is terrifying but he's very
nice the first video is how to pick up
an umbrella I would have never figured
out okay oh okay first of all the
scariest part is those are my legs
the second scariest part is those are my
feet is this me oh my god is this me
like when I go to sleep at night do I
wake up is this person and then I make
all these videos and I forget about it
because I do that with food like I'll
wake up mean all night and I don't eat a
whole sheet cake and then I'll wake up
in the morning you'd be like why do I
feel like I'm gonna throw up
it'll make sense
yeah that's me that's me for sure that's
definitely me when I was 12 and that
horse wanted it okay let's go to another
one
dan is not on fire all right this one is
called hello internet it is from five
years ago that looks like a serial
killers lair what is hanging on the
walls in a body bag oh my god this is
the scariest video I think I've ever
seen
Oh my name is oh my god it's like I'm
looking into a mirror of the past that
was my haircut that is my flannel shirt
that's not my face that's a good face
damn it I mean I've kind of always
wanted to be somebody that there's
videos he looks like somebody that would
get fucked so hard on stickam like he
would just go to mystic him and he was
just beginning
faced fox hello 3 a.m.
500 people watching me included but I
guess I've never really and we'd like to
confetti on his head it's like party boy
fuck that mouth what I don't know but I
like it alright cutie pie
alright this one is called minecraft
multiplayer fun I don't know shit about
video games so this should be terrible
what the fuck is happening I hear like
gurgling noises I hear like I hear
peeing I hear laughing basically sounds
like my Saturday night wait what is this
dungeon what is this game okay that's
another language okay this is too scary
I need to find a video with his actual
face in it here we go this one's called
I want to break first of all I have that
wig girl that hair is laid for the gods
where is he by the way this is like a
gay mansion back couch in the background
that white chair that picture on the
wall I feel like he just like murdered
Michael Jackson and moved in dad his
teeth are so white it's like he face
tuned himself in real life I don't want
fuck his mouth to guess I'm a mouth
fucker never thought that makes sense
oh there's something very creepy about
that bye-bye but also something that
made me want to come back pewdiepie huh
I get it all right Connor Franta
speaking of mouths I want to fuck
actually I want to fuck his ears I don't
want him to see me coming you know I
want him to hear it this is called a
Harry Potter birthday Oh God he met
angled Oh if you just go back and add a
sound effect hold on mmm and girl you
need a bird grandma's couch bitch oh my
god it looks like a shirt I would wear
when I was fat it's gonna throw it out
there I've never seen Harry Potter I
don't know what Hogwarts means but I
think you should get yourself checked if
you're positive for it and I can't stop
looking at the couch somebody died on
that for sure wait you pronounce his
name for France's I've been calling him
Franta connor franta Vonda don't you
want to yes I wanna come home okay let's
move on last but not least Tricia a pass
this one is called repartee
whoa okay first of all how come I'm the
only YouTube that I got trouble for my
face because I mean come on I have a
couple of questions number one
come on her lips yes number two what is
that light in the background that's
either a light or that's like an IV drip
is she in a hospital is her old husband
dying the story just got good oh my god
this her shirt they trained on it huh oh
my god she predicted the future oh oh
I did love it oh I love her boy you guys
go that was me watching all of youtuber
videos leave me some comments down below
of who else you want me to watch also
give this video a thumbs up subscribe to
make movie December's gobank and I will
see you guys tomorrow bye
Oh a really quick actually before I go
just wanna let you guys know I love all
these youtubers I've pretty much met all
them person if I am making fun of them
it's because I love them
I would make fun of them to their face
the amount of horrible things I said to
Ricky Dillon to his face is brutal but I
love him well I should watch his videos
next oh that'll be good
toots today that was gross but also
amazing because putting on a fat suit
and then taking it off god it's like the
same feeling as I don't know giving
birth or that instant feeling of
diarrhea after you finish your Chipotle
bowl just everything out at once
