hey guys I just did a podcast with the
psychic twin absolutely crazy they told
me about my past lives they told me
about the dead people that follow me and
we talked about other children it was
honestly the best podcast ever you guys
happy - I'll put it down there it's
soundcloud.com so I Shane and friends
check it out and it was amazing and how
did you feel about it awesome
hey guys yes I'm trying out hats it's
not going well uh you know I just want
to try something different you know I'm
almost 27 it's almost my birthday trying
to experiment in the physical department
that sounds gross what I mean is I'm
trying out new things so I'm trying to
hat it was hard to find a hat to fit my
head my head is very large mainly
because it's so full of creativity and
jokes and ideas and fat and a lot of fat
I had to get a hat that was number one
extra-large
number two I still have it on like the
last little thing like like the here
certamen or no no - - that's nice so I'm
feeling really confident right now and
that's a lie I hate this also I'm in a
truck which is pretty cool and then this
motherfucker just pulled up it is
literally the biggest truck I've ever
seen in my life
so take it still smaller than his so
today I was just like you know what I
went to a car vlog I haven't vlogged in
a while I haven't just talked to you
guys I've either been trying food or
vomiting or looking up memes or watching
but it's I haven't really just talked to
you so hey how you doing I'm all right
what's going on in my life you know
right now I'm getting ready to shoot
this short film for the second chapter
of I hate myself II which is gonna be
the High School Musical one so give me a
lot of fun I tried on fat suits today
that was gross but also amazing because
putting on a fat suit and then taking it
off god it's like the same feeling as I
don't know giving birth or that instant
feeling of diarrhea after you finish
your Chipotle bowl just everything out
at once so we're shooting that this week
and GG's gonna be in it and be really
fun we're gonna be shooting in a real
high school which is cool and I don't
know when it's gonna be out sometime in
July so that's that and also I don't
know well fuck it I'm gonna tell you I'm
excited because you guys bought the book
a lot of you guys bought the fucking
book which I was just shocked about I'm
doing another book and it won't be up
for a while so I'm not gonna be like
talking about it or promoting it or
anything so calm down I know you guys
are sick of me promoting shit but I'm
really excited about the the second
and I already started writing it the
other day and this one's gonna be a
little different it's gonna be a lot
more personal I'm gonna be talking about
sex and drugs and eating disorders and a
lot of things I've never talked about so
that's gonna be fun
well no it's gonna be zap ha ha no it's
gonna be fun now you know me I make sad
things hilarious and bye hilarious I
mean embarrassing and by embarrassing I
mean by my book I was I talking about
nothing sitting in a target parking lot
wearing a hat it's not it also update on
this diet exercise well it's not really
diet but this exercise thing um so as
you guys know at the beginning of the
year I was trying this thing where I was
like going to this gym every single day
and I was eating like not that much food
and I lost 20 pounds which is cool but I
was like you know what I'm at a point my
life or I don't really care about being
skinny I don't want to be skinny anymore
not fucking 12 anymore I'm never gonna
be in Fall Out Boy it's not gonna happen
I'm not Dan and Phil so what can I do
with my body so instead I'm like you
know what maybe I'll try to build muscle
and see if I can get buff almost as
funny is wearing and almost as sad so I
started doing a weight training everyday
which has been fucking crazy intense and
eating so much I've been eating like I
don't even know like 3000 calories or
something a day I have my food which I
want to do a video about this separately
but I feel like it's kind of annoying
when youtubers do like meal perhaps but
I kind of want to do it cuz it's funny I
eat out of this which looks like a dog
bowl and I eat them 4 times a day and
that is blood cuz I humans so that's
been going good I've gained a bunch of
muscle and buy a bunch I mean not that
much but enough you know for me to feel
good and I've lost a little more weight
so I'm excited you can kind of see I'm
scared to show it cuz it's so not that
big at all maybe just like a taste just
like a little not that you can't see
anything no that's terrible that doesn't
look like anything well the muscle is
it's it's underneath it's somewhere here
and it's some weight titty dance so you
can kind of see them when I teddy dance
but and I know June 1st I was supposed
to take off my shirt and I supposed to
show you guys my sick sick bikini bod
but I'm just not ready you know what
let's talk about that for a minute sorry
this vlog is all over the place you know
I wanted to take off my shirt because
it's something I've never literally
never done before in my life and I
thought you know what I'm gonna make a
video take my shirt off and then
I didn't do it and I'm happier with my
body now but I'm still not ready but
then I started thinking am I ever gonna
be ready am I ever gonna be ready to
take off my shirt and show people I
don't know maybe it's more of a mental
thing you know I like my body's fine
it's normal not really I have scars from
the Skin surgery that you guys already
know of so I'm really hairy so I'm just
kind of like well do I have to get wax
not to get a tan
I want to do those things I don't know
I'm just thinking about it but it isn't
you want to try I've never taken off my
shirt ever besides like at home and I
avoid mirrors so I want to go to the
beach during the summer and take off my
shirt I want to I want to try that never
been to a water park so I don't know I
really want to try about we'll see I'll
keep you posted
I said I'll keep you posted on my
sadness about my party follow me on
snapchat I'll talk about it I'm there
also just so you know I have about 25
million rolls of toilet paper in my back
seat wait can you not see them oh my god
where the fuck did they go oh there they
are they're hiding from me oh they know
they know it's coming so that's just let
you guys know what's going on in my life
a lot a lot of bowel movements and
that's about it so I'm gonna go I love
you guys hope you had fun talk with me I
fun talking with you and I will see you
tomorrow hey oh here we go
oh my god it is a candy oh that's good
oh that's good mmm mmm he's like you're
just fuckin fuckin like slid up and Liz
McGuire's throat just yeah
