hey what's up you guys I have a pill
dissolving on my tongue right now I
don't know if you can see it but it's
drugs and supposedly it's supposed to
change my taste buds and make me taste
things that aren't real
I don't know I bought on Amazon and now
I'm here and I'm probably going to dive
in overdose so let's do it so I got a
bag of treats
and I got a lot of random things in here
and supposedly it's supposed to make
everything taste different and the
person checking me out at the store said
who we have at a party and I said no
just taking drugs you need snacks just
call me Britney let's do this okay so
the pill is fully dissolved and I'm
ready to go I'm going to start with an
orange now an orange is already sweet
but supposedly with this drug it's
supposed to make them orange so sweet
that you bought it pretty much how I
feel when I'm watching so Ella's videos
I mean she is just so fucking sweet and
perfect I want to throw up
what Z okay I have obviously never cut
an orange before I'm struggling I have
no idea what I'm doing I'm just making a
mess I would be the world's worst serial
killer but the world's best sex toy
vendor goes I fuck it all right here we
go I'm nervous but holy fuck oh my god
oh my god oh oh oh my god oh yeah it's a
zoella zoella haul video oh no it is
well of a healthy relationship video oh
my god the cuteness and sweetness I'm
gonna vomit it literally tastes like I
licked the kids fingers on Halloween it
is just sugary and sweet and dangerous
oh my god I love it though mmm okay that
was one number two salt vinegar chips
wow that's a smell you know that's a
smell I haven't smelled since puberty so
let's dig it that's the biggest chip I
have ever seen in life do I just not
know what chips look like isn't this
huge fuck no wonder we're all fat
it tastes like McDonald's sweet and sour
sauce but in a chip form which sounds
amazing but it's not that's crazy
this drug I'm on it's fucking crazy
hello if this drug is I just bought it
on Amazon I don't know this is not
sponsored I'll probably die at the end
of this video I hope they sponsor my
funeral because that shit's expensive I
want a gold cast
it I want Kelly Clarkson to come perform
break away I want cake bot to make a
cake out of my dead body
shit adds up okay this is just a jar
vinegar which is a waste of money
because I'm never going to use this
although I heard vinegar gets rid of
STDs I don't know I read it on BuzzFeed
oh similar to the chips but worse okay
oh here we go oh my god it's just like
candy oh that's good oh that's good mmm
mmm
he's like I just fuckin fuckin like
split up and Liz McGuire's throat just
me like Lizzie McGuire back my 2000-2001
back with using real cream back which is
like dream tomato oh my go I could drink
this entire thing I won't know my
brother will hot sauce okay Tabasco is
usually a too hot for me I mean I can do
hot sauce but I need like a Cholula I
need like a Leo I need a non-threatening
smile and it some railroad something to
calm me nerves right here we go mom's up
oh okay the front of that my voice
cracked the front of that days it like
candy and then when I hit the back of my
throat
it's a fire oh and there's no Mexican
man to calm my nerves oh hold on oh you
know I always got baby on tap pickles
now supposedly these are gonna taste
like candy and I can't open them Oh
we'll just love that sound all right
here we go
Oh mmm oh my god oh fuck it tastes like
like sweet tarts like phony look like a
pixie signal that's fucking a mate holy
fuck me that whole jar pickles a lime
okay now this usually is way too like
sour for me to eat on its own whenever I
go to a Mexican restaurant they put a
lime on my plate and I throw it at them
let's see how it goes oh oh bitch that's
nice
oh boo like the blood of a young infant
mmm mmm mmm it's a girl hmm
oh that's so fucking good oh fuck oh I
just cut her open and juiced her out mmm
mmm oh she's done she's done and last
but not least cream cheese now cream
cheese leaves it tastes like anything
and I would know I eat it by the
spoonful all right oh it's like my skin
I had removed yum yum
and just like the skin I had removed it
tastes like nothing and it's useless
back in the trash where guys go that was
my flavor tripping a challenge oh you
know what's crazy is that it changes
your taste buds but does not change your
mouth or your lips so now my lips are
burning and I'm probably gonna have
sores tomorrow so thanks guys
Blaire you guys go hopefully you enjoyed
watching me fuck up my mouth that sounds
gross I'm gonna go make sure to
subscribe I make new videos every single
day and this video thumbs up and then
comment blah blah let me comment down
there tell me what foods I should try
next with these pills
maybe I'll just become a pill addict
that'll be fun ticket item also if you
don't want to eat out of it you can put
a plant in or you can put little straws
in it or q-tips this is literally like
watching an episode of Hoarders no no no
don't throw a little toilet we can still
use that look q-tips in in a cup nail
polish in a door I could put my dreams
in it gotta love that yeah
