what it says GTV what's that mean it was
in a sorority in college and we got well
granted some girls got like a Kappa
Kappa Gamma like key on their wrist or
like anything like that and I was like
ah I'm put in my mouth hey what's up you
guys okay I know there's a fire it's not
nighttime there's no scary music but I
promise it's gonna be a scary video I've
been talking to scarier voice okay hey
guys it's a lot of screaming okay so
we're on a way Six Flags Magic Mountain
which is an amusement park out here in
California and because Halloween season
is abroad every amusement park has their
own like Horror Nights
so Six Flags version is called Fright
Fest or something I don't know this is
not buffered so we're picking up do
right now don't worry he's coming I
thought it might be fun what if since
it's a Halloween season every like other
week or something we go to the different
amusement park Horror Nights and we get
the VIP night and be like be bougie oh
my god we're gonna do so many activities
in October I mean I think that could be
fun alright so we're gonna get your and
we're gonna go eat and that's gonna be
scary the amount of calories I consume
are you ready for spooky camera ready
and here comes the comedy hi food that
will get us in the spooky mood pumpkins
yeah you can spice latte with a burger
yeah that actually sounds good should we
do the factory not spooky calories
we're at the factory where the only
thing scary is trying to decide what to
get because there's so many out
are you gonna get chicken taquitos just
sitting I love the franking alright we
finished our meals wait what are you
doing I'm looking up the calories of the
breakfast burrito I just say come on
1,600 oh that's more than Chipotle I'm
trying to be better
oh my god no funnel cake for Dad
oh my god oh my god we are here I'm
actually getting rigged nervous are you
guys nervous yeah are you gonna be
posting for we are know I'm definitely
going to coast the VIP we have to find
the VIP line I have very important
youtubers make our tell them it's like
that tell them I was here we is this the
VIP section what if our tour guide
doesn't like us what is our tour guide
is team dobrik and they don't like our
spot there is that sheep is that hurt oh
my god oh my god I'm gonna fuck me up oh
my god me disappointment in her face yes
she's already thinking they're gonna eat
a lot of foam she thought we were team
super um okay guys meet our tour guide
hi what's your name no but you know I'm
just gonna let you know we're really
scary boys no wait no what I meant was
were scared boys and we're afraid of
everything so you're gonna have to
protect us I'm gonna be behind you guys
that's exactly how I like my women all
right let's go turn I was a kid because
I was really self-conscious that was not
only do you feel good in the world oh my
god I heard it's a gay detector did it
go off you have to meet you did it go up
really like crazy yeah okay when we're
fucking employees do when you're hungry
oh my god that's literally mean right
before the Cheesecake Factory
we a monster wheat the lighting they
makes everything that's white glow picks
up my team yellow you suck it out it we
just got here and real talk I'm already
very overwhelming
there's a lot of demons there's a lot of
people there's a lot of screaming and
there's a lot of really bad merch like I
don't understand what that is but I
relate to it because it's big and square
oh my god is it sponsored by peeps
it's literally like they knew we were
coming what that's like one of your
tinder dates hi oh my god what is that
can we chase them cuz I'll chase them
check that one that one Oh over it good
tonight
okay Juri you said you had an idea those
were the kids I was afraid of in high
school what's your idea well first of
all I'm pretty sure somebody screamed at
me thinking that I already was a cool
earlier
I do a really good witch face I see a
lot of witches I've got kind of a pointy
chin I thought maybe I could raise this
and just okay I think you should try to
scare somebody
Oh scare ception
I think start with the babies okay guys
we are backstage where they do all the
makeup or all the scary characters and
stuff can I see some of the stuff this
is a doll that is being she's being
worked on right now oh my god what's
your name
that's literally what I look like in the
morning that's great that laugh was
terrified oh my god look it's me Garrett
Andrew me when I'm like babe is my
pimple noticeable though me when my girl
is helping me at my wig is that a cult I
want to join it call oh my god you guys
so our tour guide I was like I want to
be in a cult and then she's like you
guys want cloaks and I'm like yeah we're
all cool boys we can scare people now
I'm so excited and we have our cloaks
squad clip those who's that I'm so
confused
i an't want to literally scare the shit
out of kids okay what's happening what's
going on
a bunch of potential boyfriend wait is
that it no they don't have the licenses
wait so you're not okay so they just
told us a scary story I couldn't film it
cuz we were backstage he said the six
flexes legitly haunted my little boy who
had a blood disease and he came here and
then died not here close but they said
that he still roams around and security
guards see and people that work here see
him he's a little boy with blue blue
shirt dark dark hair and that sometimes
the right operators will see him in the
corner of their eyes when they're
closing down and they'll let the ride go
one last time
yeah and she couldn't we couldn't film
her saying it because they took us those
like abandoned old ride that was his
favorite ride that's up there drew do
you believe my kind of big shot but
supposedly that's where he hangs out
they said he was in a wheelchair at the
end of his life and that's the only ride
you can get up to so if we see a ghost
kid in a wheelchair
we're spooking her oh yeah Jacob she
says she's gonna take us to where they
spot him the most
do you believe no am I the only one that
believes the Halloween there's a little
boy is that Jacob I'm so gullible
okay supposedly this is where Jacob gets
spotted the most although I'm the only
one that believes it is not here that
was one who been spotted the little boy
so it was right under here wait so you
believe this I know many of you losing
him you're laughing
I don't like dog who was like can I go
be with him but just kind of like
anybody lose vibe down that do you see
anything
I feel weird am I the only person that
believes us no I feel like you should
behind me
I don't believe the blood disease thing
I think he died in the right oh he's not
touching me maybe he doesn't stand me
we'll find em Jacob I asked him to touch
my hand okay this is getting creepy get
under my cloak Jacob James trying to get
a diet coke and it's not working we
think it might be haunted this is the
scariest thing that's happened over okay
so we're not supposed to film the maze
we're gonna try to sneak our camera and
hopefully we don't get kicked out crew
do you think we can do it he can sleep
their camera anywhere the fuck we want
okay we're going into a maze really
creepy house looks a lot like my creepy
house are you sure
wait where do we go where are we going
oh my god what is that oh my god you
snort he's snorting like a pig at me
that's my big brother okay so this maze
is called toys a terror once again I
don't know if I'm able to film I'm gonna
try I felt a connection that was good
drew how do you feel a lot of fun you
had a connection with that one girl
we're in some like weird Club thing I
don't understand mother blamed Ruth's
favorite song and he's very excited
it will stop
all right gonna go down
come on patina
how did you die how did you die
blood disease what's in a blood disease
where's your wheelchair picking win a
bar that was insane just the thought of
the cart flying off and all of us dying
that sounds like the most horrible that
note would be the best ending of this
video so we couldn't film obviously
because my camera would have flown and
killed somebody but they do do they take
pictures or something what do they do
they build us sharda monetizing away
okay so we just found out that the front
row did not have cameras I love fun time
let's do it before the video start like
making out for you cuz like you made
that fucking choice I'm sorry I'm in a
bad mood okay now we're about to see our
video it better be good
oh my god
that's crazy we put a dead guy oh my god
fixing your glasses what an icon all
right we're gonna buy it so we can put
the full quality version in this spot
and let's put it with some spongebob
music
that looks like a thug life meme no I
had the Oval onto my glasses they didn't
fall off the whole time you are such an
old lady oh my god what is that
it's a ride oh my god I thought that
hooker with a monster literally me and
Rylan oh my god I just saw Timmy oh wait
Jonathan I don't remember come back
where'd he go wait wait a minute I was
like kidding but you saw that right oh
my god
once you're walking backwards Timmy oh
my god it's Georgie we his two arms
fraud finally a place I feel comfortable
in the food court we gotta go on go
ahead you know they were at the food
court
they've not just never done he said we
already had dinner dinner is just a
social construct all right I'm not doing
this I already feel like I'm gonna barf
but you guys are gonna go and Bettina is
going with you babies I already gave
Bettina your spot next to me if you try
to fuck Bettina I'll let you when they
replaced me okay but Tina's me though
trying to find your place please don't
die I have a very limited amount of
friends
bye guys please don't die here it's
gonna fuck Bettina forever alone they
survives
wait where's Bettina where's Bettina oh
my god
Bettina fell out oh thank god Oh Bettina
I was scared how was it die it was that
bad you would have yeah my eyes are
spitting tears
really the initial drop is more than
straight down it's 80 degrees wait if
you say 80 degrees I don't do math but
it was scared that was the closest I've
ever come to death math is scary so I
think we kind of did everything I'm all
front-nine yeah
wait where's Shirley oh my god I thought
Timothy got him is that it are we done
Betina where are you taking us
I thought we were fried how would you I
say the night went anyway well when we
roll on that roller coaster together I
felt like we had a connection
we put my hands where you don't want to
know what I thought is that
piratinha I'll miss you so much we'll
never forget you don't die I already
miss patina huh Oh guys I can't talk I'm
shell-shocked rollercoasters are debts
to me like literally about you're gonna
say shook but like in a serious way I am
unsure drew how are you feeling weirdly
I don't want Krispy Kreme boy that's a
bad sign
you already dad I know all in all that
was incredible this is not sponsored at
all it was a lot of fun Bettina was so
fun of Oh miss Bettina the rides were
well I hated them the houses were
actually cleaned up good and some of the
monsters literally just look like me
what was your favorite part leaving my
guys go hopefully usually the scary
scary night and if you want the boys to
go to other haunted places for Halloween
let us know but probably not anywhere
with rollercoasters cuz I'm done make
sure to go over to all of their channels
they all have funny videos up to my
dress a scary night we're gonna die on
the freeway
bye I'm cereal
