hey what's up you guys I don't know
about you and sometimes I feel like
drinking out of the toilet
sometimes normal water is just boring
you need a little something special and
I thought I was the only one but turns
out Japan loves it too which is why
today we're doing coffee cooking toilet
water edition I have no idea who would
buy this besides me but literally I
guess it's a toilet that you make candy
in and then you drink it and they have
fun little character games
I don't know Japanese so I can't read
them but they're all happy blinking and
winking and smiling except for the brown
one he's very angry and I'm assuming his
is not drinkable also if you don't want
to eat out of it you can put a plant in
it or you can put little straws in it or
q-tips this is literally like watching
an episode of Hoarders no no don't throw
a little toilet we can still use that
q-tips in it put nail polish in it or I
can put my dreams in it god I love that
show let's get started cookin by the way
yes these are my cunt and dick mugs
jealous don't worry my Jesus candles
here to balance everything out okay so
first things first we're just going to
see if the toilet is inside oh fuck I'm
gonna put it together so I got the green
one is the on drugs one perfect okay
there's his little face let's put this
bitch together I'm not gonna lie I'm so
tempted to after I put this together
take a real person shit in this just to
see what happens okay so I guess you
just shove that in there shove that on
ha and then here's the seat wow I'm
fucking amazing
I'll look at I'm gonna pull a lid oh my
god that's so cute I am so gonna shit in
this okay here's the little straw we're
gonna save that for later
so now we have to give our toilet a
personality I'm going to start with the
glasses I want him to be smart but I
also want him to be confused so I'm
gonna give him an eyebrow and I'm gonna
raise it up a little bit there we go
what you should do me oh he's so funny
and carefree
let's make him depressed oh yeah a big
old frowny face and now that you made it
a frowny face that tongue looks like a
herpes wart so he's depressed he's
confused he just wants to end it okay so
I guess now just pour this liquid in the
back and then pour some water in it and
shake it around oh it's bubbling oh it's
making its own poop whoo this is
exciting
Oh oh my god I'm so fucking sad right
now wait that's a green
I mean if it's my poop you got to add a
little greed oh no I overflowed it I
tend to do that
Oh God the plumber is gonna come it's
gonna be so embarrassing I'm gonna make
up a story I'm have to make a boy oh I
didn't do it I had a party you'll never
believe that oh my god it's causing a
chemical reaction I mean this isn't too
far off from what my toilet looks like
right now is that it did I do it did I
succeed
did I fucking succeed of course I did if
there's one thing I'm good at making it
shit all right here we go
and once you try my bowl of shit which
is overflowing looks delicious
oh god I'm nervous okay here we go why
was the exact to be good why do I expect
anything in life to be good oh okay
listen I was joking earlier
I don't drink out of the toilet that
tastes like drinking out of a toilet oh
my god the fuck is that what flavor is
that I think it's actually pissed and
shit flavor God Japan is smart
oh let's see what I can do with it now
oh and the best idea ever
oh my god oh I'm so excited as some of
you guys might know I started drinking
because life is just too hard and what's
a better way to make bad decisions then
pour your alcohol do a little toilet
fireball shots have the toilet which is
what I call every morning oh my god it's
fucking amazing Cheers all my pain just
goes away mmm I love it blurry let's go
I think this was a successful and
uncomfortable and just plain out gross
pop and cooking leave me a comment down
below tell me what else you want me to
cook now so subscribe and give a thumbs
up and do all that other shit I make new
videos every fucking I'll see you guys
mom well wait till you see the rotating
g-spot wrap wow this is the biggest
thing I think I've ever seen it says
there's a control panel who do you
deliver right honestly you already look
there's a rabbit on it you my man oh boy
love is like a pearl I'm a pink
grease
