if we ever had like a huge fallout or
like a friendship fallout we can make
vlogs about it call it our train crash
who thought about it doing another haul
this time we're trying to salty treats
from the vegans
and the Roz once again no offense to the
vegans are the freegans or the tree guns
or the vegans or the Keegan's or the
fruit bats or the fruit bag you see or
the ding bags or my but bad they're all
the same we don't hate anybody but the
food is kind of gross but we're gonna
give it a try today so you can vegan
treaties and then the first thing we're
gonna try is called boom she owned a
bull Xin pickles Umi plume was me pull
this looks like oh it's liquidating I
don't like it
surgery aftermath I'm like yeah it's
like oh yeah
I could feel my heartbeat through my
testicles hello Oh what is that oh my
god that's oh wait what is this hey like
not even be funny I look like a dead
fetus and then actually discuss today in
the middle of it there's a hard hard
thing the middle don't bite into that
you'll die ok Oh soon as you put it on
your mouth it literally tastes like sour
hey oh it's just like licking a bo arm
yeah oh I think and bad why my own what
you just like you're like Louis like I
mean you're lying
the dog is how
there's no sugar in it who's that okay
nose the wet for some reason let's blow
bubble what was it mm-hmm okay it's hard
very fast I think like me fix Wow all
right la Becque congratulations vegan
you almost turned us almost with the gum
well let's see if we turn back with
seaweed snack chips that made my voice
cracked
I hate seaweed more than anything
why do you teriyaki more than anything
so oh here we go
my favorite horrible thing I love it oh
it's like condoms for like lava be like
baby we can go all night night and I'm
gonna actually kill you okay and split
you in half okay so we're gonna more to
right and like when they would get lit
on fire the bones would crackle like
that thanks good woman just give 20
times oh my god oh my god that's wanted
to go on the dead tour of all their like
dead things you would come
everywhere oh my god speaking of dead
people like my grandma's when her when
she died her cheek like when I kissed
her dead cheeks fastened that's what
she's like no TJ wait your mouth how do
you know what it tastes like you grandma
gonna miss you one for the road that's
called ahi tuna jerky some me high V
jerky gum oh we're all the time oh my
god I was not at all expecting that
smells s fish fresh which really makes
me
okay make it okay I can deal with this
maybe fish casserole well let's make you
feel better with some luck I mean what
communes Lakes level Tommy
the ingredients are like really simple
what call me who Tommy who they're in
there Poonam better worse on the same
level in horrible Oh in a different way
oh that actually smells like a steel
vagina
yes he just what the eat this
this isn't eatable oleate I know so
fishy mmm is it a fish poop that's
literally what it looks like it smells
like it tastes like when I was like
really young and I had my what would
Jesus do bracelet on all the time and it
would get all sweaty cause I so fat and
then sometimes that sucked the sweat off
you know but it does taste like the
house it goes like the saltiness of
sweat okay
last but not least we have a beverage
now thank God I'm off diet soda okay the
artificial sweeteners but this side diet
soda has a different artificial
sweetener that's supposedly good for you
okay it's called Xenia made by dr. Zee
as a doctor he's a doctor
we believe in smarter soda choices me
tell me - it does contain monk fruit hmm
love the monk fruit it's my favorite
fruit so let's do it
doctor is it gone bad not bad
your face doesn't look bad I mean your
face looks bad but no no it's like the
bottom of a soda like yeah the soda that
was in the car for like oh yeah and
you're like thirsty and I gotta take my
oh yeah what am I gonna use for my pills
two-week-old soda and then you really
want to kill yourself literally you do
you like why did I drink that
actually should not be sold literally
the worst that was fun are you going
wrong nope but if you are
congratulations
why so maybe because I'm scared every
channel we did another one of these
where we add some more stuff it's
through up subscribe and do all that
crap and we're gonna hopefully next time
eat some actual candy yeah it'll be fun
yeah colonoscopy fun how long do you
spend in the bathroom Oh bitch hours I'm
gonna say I could to live on the toilet
I'm always constantly in there dealing
with my stomach issues dealing with my
Twitter issues sometimes dealing with my
snapchat issues but I have to stop
snapchat in while I'm on the toilet cuz
there's reflective surfaces in my
bathroom and you guys can see my blob
the lot
