hello and welcome to bomb.com we talk
about the things that are blowing up on
the Internet
you may have heard that youtuber Ricky
Dillon's phone number was accidentally
leaked to the Internet due to a you now
prank call Fiasco although this probably
didn't and ideally it looks like a fun
time so I thought I would also prank
call some youtubers so I have my phone
right here and we're going to be doing
some intense prank calling
so first starters I will be calling
youtuber a dubs or Alex Wyse my lovely
friend Mikey Murphy and I got a tough
one plant it's ringing oh hello is is
your refrigerator running
okay Alex is calling me back I can do
better
hello is your refrigerator on time for
the as your is it running okay I'm gonna
try calling somebody else and I'm I'm
gonna do better this time I can do it I
can do it we are are gonna try calling
my friend Danny edge and if you doesn't
answer I'll just leave him a voicemail
hey Danny
the police are after you and they're
gonna kill god I'm so good now I know
getting your number leaked is a pretty
common problem that people face on a
daily basis life is rough in the
Internet is a barren wasteland of hate
and destruction I mean so I thought
about telling you guys what you should
do if your phone number gets leaked but
that is a pretty simple one-step process
of going to your cell phone provider and
getting a new number and that's not very
exciting at all you know what Bob
becomes about excitement Wow so instead
I'm going to inform you guys of a few
tactics for properly leaking a phone
number just in case any of you are
horrible people enjoy the first way to
leak a phone number is to leak it on you
now hey guys I'm live on you-now and
we're gonna be calling some people so
the first person you're calling is
myself just a check-in make sure I am
doing well okay we have that number
dialing oh no oh no I just accidentally
leaked my own phone number oh my
goodness
oh I'm doing it even more oh my god stop
you can leak their phone number in a
prank call video hey what's up you guys
give my video a thumbs up today we're
gonna be doing some wrinkles the first
person organ calling is myself and as
you can see I got it ready all set up oh
no I just leaked my phone number oh my
goodness gracious and if you're feeling
really feisty you can just tweet it out
hey guys I am just so sick and tired of
my old phone number so I'm gonna tweet
it out and ruin it my phone number is
six six six six six six tweet all right
my phone number is officially tweeted or
you can take a bit more of a subtle
approach DM it to a few people and have
them spread it like Alex from Target so
why'd you guys reach me at my last wait
for the chance to leave my number and
now I'm going to DM it to a select few
of you and then have you spread it all
about my phone number is six six six six
six my phone number is six six eight six
six six six six six six six six six six
kiss kiss smooch smooch share share and
now we wait for you guys to do the rest
if you want to be literal you can
actually leak their phone number hey
guys so got my number written on this
piece of paper and the we aren't going
to get you just kind of open up the
cabinet you're certainly twisting
because you want to get it nice and
loose and then once you once you've sort
of messed around with it bust about once
you see kind of like water seeping into
it so you know the recent process has
begun leak my number or final you can
write the phone number on hundreds of
pieces of paper and physically mail it
to everyone you've ever met
JK email will be a lot easier just
episode BOM hopefully I didn't hit you
with their awesome internet shrapnel if
you did enjoyed this episode
give it a thumbs up and be sure to
follow me on Twitter at Alexis chin job
because I treat a lot of fun things and
keep you guys updated on all things
long good I'll see you guys next week
with a brand new episode about come
