hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is
desperate I'm wearing a fucking blazer I
honestly don't know why I have to sing
on I look like fucking Han Solo yeah I'm
gonna take this thing off but this is
what the fuck news we're talking about
the super weird news that you might have
missed in the last week but probably not
because the first story that I want to
talk about today is everything being
announced at e3 this week eight three
being the yearly convention that shows
all the upcoming video games and is more
responsible for nerd boners than
pixelated video game titties uh yeah
always seems to outdo themselves every
year with new awesome games and I
honestly have never been so excited
about III as I was this year that being
said a ton of new video games have been
announced this year including the first
look at fallout 4 which shows a bit of
the gameplay and what the game might be
like contend oh now it's also a starfox
game that looks like a continuation of
the n64 starfox rather than the Gamecube
starfox adventure and then on to the
games that I'm most excited about we got
the first gameplay trailer I'm star wars
battlefront 3 which looks fucking
amazing the first announcement and
trailer for Dishonored 2 is released
which nearly made me jizz in my gym
shorts when I saw oh my god I don't know
not a new game rare replay was announced
which is a giant collection of 30 games
from the n64 era including games like
Conker's Bad Fur Day perfect dark and I
favorite game of all time banjo kazooie
in banjo-tooie
my dog is harder than she Rock right now
not a joke but if you want to check out
all the other games and shit that were
announced at e3 there's a link in the
description for that next in some actual
what the fuck news Pennsylvania uber
driver was fired last week after he was
caught on video fondling himself to his
passenger
Oh God
honestly this scares the shit out of
like I already fucking terrified of uber
drivers enough as it is like only used
uber three times in my entire life but
the first guy just kept picking his nose
continuously like he was gonna find
something in there the second guy just
kept talking about how his marriage was
in the shitter and the third guy just
kept playing salsa music and getting
dangerously close to kids on the side of
the road though like sighs I knew that
no I'm just pretty concerned about that
kid back there I'm pretty sure he's dead
but the 57 year old uber driver by the
name of Nile Salim allegedly got in the
backseat of his car with the passenger
and started rubbing his dick while
saying I love your body my god I love
your body your body is beautiful I
didn't know what he sounded like so I
just tried to make him sound as creepy
as possible luckily for the passenger
though she started filming mr. Salim and
was able to get out and call the police
but not before mr. Salim says have a
good night call me all right yeah she's
gonna call you you're a real stuntman
the fuck I'm sure this guy was just
trying to hit on her but man that is not
the way to do it cheesy line being James
Bond or Ryan Gosling but I don't know a
single woman that would be like oh
you're so beautiful oh oh god you're
rubbing your 57 year old dick in front
of me so hot let's do it ya know anyways
he's been fired from uber and is being
sued for lewdness false imprisonment and
harassment and take it from someone who
tries to use your tactic on their
girlfriend every day it doesn't work
hopefully you learned that in R with the
buck news investigation has started in
Liverpool England after a woman was
caught on CCTV footage pulling down her
pants and shitting in the middle of an
aisle in a grocery store
but when you gotta go you gotta go I
guess because she does not wait to get
to the bathroom
I'm so confused but what was going
through this woman's head well I really
cannot make it to the bathroom just good
enough
Oh according to the footage to the woman
gets done shitting gets up and then
continue shopping like nothing happened
ah oh yeah all right where's the ravioli
what the fuck now that this makes any
sense
like maybe she does that anal leakage
and couldn't control it I don't know man
but honestly I kind of feel the worst
for the guy who had to discover this
thing Jerrod clean up in Aisle 4 okay oh
fucking did this anyways the
investigation is open to find the woman
who did this and bring her to justice I
guess I just wonder where in the law
books it says that you can't squat down
in the middle of a grocery store aisle
and take a shit shouldn't be that long
lastly and some obese what the fuck news
a woman responsible for killing a guy
with her car is claiming that she can't
go to jail because she's too obese what
don't fuck with this law to give you
claim to just be to anything to go to
jail I'm sorry judge I'm actually too
tall to go to do and don't Mexican the
god of jail man I'm actually too vegan
to go to jail so well that's
understandable he can't go to jail you
Feakins for the 30 year old woman Linda
and Jen told her lawyer shortly after
the accident that killed a 45 year old
Paul Stinson but she was too fat to go
to jail and that quote he's a person for
whom a prison sentence would be
extraordinarily difficult and I don't
think I exaggerate when I say that she
might not get through it she might not
get through it what the fuck does that
mean I just don't think that anyone
should be exempt from jail or justice
just because they don't take care of
themselves
makes no sense yeah no shit it's gonna
be difficult it's prison it's not a
fucking all-you-can-eat buffet I just
don't understand how it's gonna be
specifically harder for her than it is
for anyone else alright time for at once
Rock correctly exercise oh not for you
hey I'm not gonna ask you again come on
good fuck did you just hit me and say
pizza anyways time will tell whether the
woman goes to jail or not unless the
judge is a fucking idiot we could be
sure that Miss Jen's is gonna be
spending a long time in jail even if
they have to get a forklift to get her
there anyway
that's it for this episode of what the
fuck you the question of the day for you
guys is what upcoming game are you most
excited about if you're not a gamer let
me know in the comments what the most
embarrassing place you've ever taken to
shit was leave your answers to be
comments down below all today's stories
as always in the description down below
as well as all of my links before you
guys go make sure to check out my newest
video on my channel where I talk about
all of my favorite things from the month
of May including when sam from game of
thrones lost his virginity I think my
favorite part about a couple episodes
ago was when Sam actually gets laid I
just love his reaction it's so good he
just goes oh my so because of that I
decided the next time I'm gonna have sex
which is probably never I'm just gonna
react exactly how Sam did oh my but I'll
see you next week for another one to
fuck news thanks for watching and
Fairwinds oh god um that's a that's a
cat toy hey why don't you put that down
okay today I thought it would be funny
if we played a game called what porn
site are you I've been keeping up with
Game of Thrones obviously because fuck
sake who isn't shit's fucking crazy
fucking White Walkers oh my god
