heyo to be guys I am very excited today
because I'm going to try Oreos I am
nervous today because they are Oreos
from Japan now I don't do very well with
foreign food
I pretty much puke up anything that
doesn't taste like America but I am
going to go into this just willing and
excited and just ready pretty much the
opposite way I go into American movies
that are remakes of Japanese movies I'm
never ready for that crap okay so we got
one two three four five types of Oreos
let's do this this first one is I'm
guessing hazelnut there's a lot of
instructions on the back I don't know
why am I supposed to keep this up I
don't have time for that that's a lie I
have time for that but I'm too lazy for
that from no wait it's not a hazelnut I
don't know it's red whatever it is it's
red it's a red nut already got a couple
of those but let's add one more
okay the packaging is already different
they're individually wrapped and it kind
of looks like tootsie rolls which I hate
so that's fun okay I'm no expert but
it's not Nuria the hell is this smells
good what I'm so confused what is this
how can they say this is an Oreo this is
a lie alright whatever I'm gonna try it
I'm gonna be honest and I'm just gonna
give you my opinion mm-hmm um it kind of
tastes like you know when your grandma
used to put Three Musketeers in the back
of the freezer but she leave them in
there for like four years and then she
clean out her freezer cuz everything I
mold on it and then she like ooh three
musketeers did you know that your fat
have this that's what it tastes like
with a little bit of Nutella okay I'm
gonna give that one one out of five
Hello kitties alright next Toria whoo
strawberry I'm not excited for this one
oh my god the picture looks like a piece
of poop with blood in it oh here we go
thanks Japan oh no oh no oh no it smells
like a strawberry milk burp mmm but then
you're gonna cut her reminds me of
kindergarten now God can smell all the
sadness let's see hmm no oh no oh oh no
fuck that would hit me in a lot of
different places
it started out chocolate and then the
blood came in that is not strawberry
that is a human blood and then it hits
you in the back of the throat with what
seems like pepper and then it finishes
you off with what tastes like a girl who
just ate a shitload of fruity pebbles
and she has braces on
and she tries to make out with you Who
am I kidding I've been great I would
have taken anything in school braces
headgear no limbs just the mouth it's
all I need
what are we talking about again two out
of five kitties okay this one looks more
like an Oreo but it says soft cookies
which I'm nervous about I don't like my
Oreo soft I like them hard but I'm going
to try to be open and willing oh god it
feels like a boob and not like in a good
way like in a why is this boot chopped
off of a body way oh no it's all falling
apart oh oh it's like when I should put
my grandma's fake boob aftershave cancer
mmm I named it tilde okay here we go I'm
gonna try to figure out how to eat this
it literally tastes like nothing like it
actually tastes like oh it tastes like
tilde like I just ate a nipple off of a
prosthetic boob but for some reason I
want to keep eating it zero out of five
kitties know kitties alright this one is
white chocolate oh no it looks like an
old piece of cat shit just rolled around
in that litter and then eaten up and
then barked out again let's try it
woo daddy likes caddy really likes that
one tastes like Oh hmm like one of those
Hershey bars the cookies and cream
Hershey bar oh and then it's like
somebody chewing it all up and it spit
into a mold and put in the fridge and
they took it out of the fridge and they
took it out of that mold I just placed
it on your tongue I know to a normal
person that sounds gross but to me five
out of five kitties okay and last but
not least this is not really technically
an Oreo there was still the same section
this is Hello Kitty's version of an Oreo
it's called a lob loading pie
blobby pie what whatever I mean it's
care do you like the packaging has
little kitty on it oh it's big Kitty's
big oh oh fuck oh fuck oh I got excited
it smells like a ding dong alright here
we go poof it's really dry Oh Oh candy
oh yeah though it tastes like an UGG
boot ba oh this is the worst thing I've
ever had why do I want to keep eating it
I'm gonna give this one negative five
kitties out of five kitties
I'm dogs ah there you guys go that was
me expanding my tastebuds into other
countries running back for America
ladies have comments down there of other
food you want me to taste from other
countries and maybe I'll try it
or maybe I won't I probably won't Kurt's
you guys hope you're funny you're funny
with you bitches who grabbed me
I'll see you tomorrow bye so I'm
watching you on my TV oh um here's my
pussy oh my gosh yeah okay okay I've
been tricked before with that and it's
always been a cat thank God but the
second it's not a cat I am deleting this
damn
