hey guys I just filmed an entire video
with the booger hanging out of my nose
and I had to delete it to sell I'm
fucking pissed which made me think hey I
want to do something fun something
that's gonna make me laugh well what
else could make me laugh besides and try
not to laugh challenge we know how well
that went last time it did not it went
terrible I did not laugh at all I've
left more two funeral although that's
not fair my grandma's funeral is fucking
hilarious
they made her look like a fucking whore
sorry grandma love you anyways let's
start the challenge this is part two so
I'm gonna be looking up funnier videos
because I feel like well maybe I just
didn't get the funny ones which is
probably what everybody says when they
click on my channel alright here we go
ooh this one says it's the hardest
version ever also something nobody has
ever said to me we see somebody shooting
each other won't pass all cool but you
look like this
wait what just happened first of all
that's my fear and that's why I don't go
on trampolines that fat kid inside of me
is saying you're gonna bring it you're
gonna break it
also what the fuck does that meant and
that was not a laugh that was me
laughing at the idea of my fat ass
breaking a trampoline which is sad I
don't know I'm laughing let's continue
okay first of all that wasn't funny that
was parenting if my little daughter was
singing a song about her pussy
honestly I force her to show business
cuz that's gonna sell that gum Kidz Bop
never did that song I'm a bit weird wait
what is half of it
excuse me sir has never been a robbery
at this establishment this is horrible
this is this sucks really really bad no
offense to the people who made those
videos I'm sure they're you know just
okay just don't put them in to try not
to laugh challenge cuz it's okay
maybe I'll skim forward puppy was that
puppy's most made me laugh those
terrifying those sad it was screaming it
hates its owner it doesn't want to be on
camera just wants to have a normal life
says my future kids when I vlog with
them every day okay I give up on this
video I'm gonna go to a different one
most of these are funny they're
relatable which I fucking can't stand
okay this one says it's the hardest
version so hopefully it'll make me lol
all over the place until I die
I really hope I die sure wait what just
happened why was Ronald McDonald beating
people up and by the way what the fuck
happened is a Taco Bell dog are we just
not gonna talk about that did the dog
die where did it go
this is why I don't trust government
these are all these mines I hate buy it
alright let's find something else before
the video starts I just want to say the
only way you can actually win this
challenge is if you watch the whole
video the whole entire video guys so
that's five minutes
fuck you I mean I hate to be mean but
fuck you the only way you go in this
challenge is if you watched all oh
fucking five minute video no you know
how I can win this challenge because
it's probably not funny it random guy
who's talking through Patrick from
SpongeBob on meth alright let's see if
he was right really memes you know what
I hate more than world hunger or racism
Hitler means I don't know what you're
saying shame memes don't kill people
beam's memes don't hurt anybody well
then you haven't seen the memes they've
made of me I get it
I'm ugly huh why is all this shit so
scary why would anybody laugh at that
that's what my fucking nightmares are
made of looks like a dog who ate peanut
butter was a peanut allergy and then if
I'm being expanded and then it died and
then went to heaven and now it's running
around heaven scared confused looking
for its owner why would I laugh at that
actually that's funny
it's the job that she's sucking that
Asian man's dick because if so I've
heard he made that joke oh that's real
oh she's like oh I'm stuck in a dig he's
into me oh okay bye damn at home don't
touch that cactus you're dead to me okay
first of all that hit home two for
different reasons why was that funny if
some just died I'm a fucked-up person
I'm not that fucked up
I'm not laughing because this one is
also too close to home
considering I'm looking into a time
machine of me when I was 13 this is
slowly becoming the story of my life
let's see what happens next in my life
yep that's me in five years now his
bulge is bigger than mine no not him
again no no I signed city is 3 I could
not sleep for a week hold on is this
Adventure Time because I never seen
Adventure Time and I know how much you
guys fucking loved it
is that what it is is it child porn
should i watch it punch up on zackin
punch your buns hey where's my TiVo
remote that's so sad you think that's
his inner monologue like he's acting
like you're so happy to be running on
that rainbow but then inside he's not
Tory I'm not alive I'll break your back
bitch oh my god break your fucking back
bitch yes bitch yes oh fuck oh I just
came it should be the try not to come
challenge I just showed me a bunch of
people falling down and injuring
themselves I would lose in two seconds
yeah break it up break your nut fit oh
fuck yes bitch oh fuck her head fucking
crunched bitch I am a bad person fall
fall fall fall shred it fall break your
neck Gregor neck break her neck
Oh audience reaction though Oh oh my god
I'm there I'm there
oh this is gonna be good oh I love it
yes yes oh yes yes oh oh my god yes fuck
yes oh that one
Oh doesn't get better than that oh I'm
gonna end it there I'm lost
I lost a challenge I laughed I didn't
actually laugh I came well I had a heart
orgasm from watching pain so I lost a
challenge and I lost it life
high-five all right let's go hopefully
you enjoyed that let me know down the
comments if you laughed at any of those
videos also subscribe I make new videos
every single day give me a thumbs up and
all that blah blah blah YouTube bullshit
and I fucking love you guys and I'll see
you oh no it's like bark okay here we go
by the way we didn't introduce actual
species goals
