today we were offending every vegan in
the world that I'm sorry cuz I love you
guys she doesn't you're supposed to cut
for me I mean listen I'm scared of them
but they have like signs and they
fucking you like throw dogs at you don't
they do that you may throw blood at you
they come scalp your face well yes so
today I was like you know what I know
other vegans hate us because we eat me
so why don't we try vegan food and give
it a chance
I think Meegan's hate us because we're
fat that's what I've gotten because
every vegan rants about me being fat not
that I eat animals but also I have other
animals I mean you don't mmm that's true
but I have animals and I'm very good to
them but I don't want to eat them yeah
so today we have a bunch of vegan treats
and sweets I wanna do one of my channel
one of her channel we have so much oh
looks new and fun and different and
we're excited to try I think I'll have a
chocolate chocolate and kale question
mark yeah that's right hmm everything we
create will make you feel alive and
radiant for a long time too long let's
start with this and see how much we
don't feel like we won't kill ourselves
yeah no it smells like just a Chipotle
and you're baking a brownie and you fart
really beans cheese and chocolate and
farts no yeah close your eyes think
about it oh it's like bark okay here we
go by the way we didn't introduce feces
gold we didn't introduce you our spit
Cup which is Britney Spears cuz we love
her but also shuffle miss Alana's mommy
I'm like will okay what's next no
honestly hate it be about enemies I can
put them out I learned like this is the
most doesn't you ever see and she's I
know they're so good these are days if
you don't know what they are they're
fruits
I'm a lot of you can't eat them for
breakfast I eat that for breakfast do
you know the size of vegan shit five of
these for breakfast they shoot this out
of their asses big disgusting
and if I smells so bad I will not let it
begin pooping my house these are good
because they're not healthy at all
they're very very agree and fattening
and delicious and you can make shakes
out of them and you could wrap them in
bacon and fry them they're so good I've
never had one raw before so I'm curious
about that there is a pit in the middle
of it like a cherry so watch out for
that I supposed to swallow it no but
besides that they do look you like that
I like it when it's fried rather than I
like you when you're frightened bacon
this is called chocolate almond butter
miracle tart Hail Mary Hail Mary it's a
miracle if we don't throw this up it
wasn't gonna be any better cuz I kind of
love the texture of that thumb not know
I'm really I don't know actually I'm
actually kind of I think it might not be
bad I'm like salivating over that
actually what looks thick I need it I
need it
wait what does me out of don't tell me
is it good oh it tastes like 409 what
are like Windex and I've tried um the
texture was starting good in the new
what is that it is made up oh okay like
seeds like nothing in this how did they
make that delicious oh no she was so
sorry about this you were so kind about
this this is I've seen somebody frost a
cupcake with this and it's a saddest
thing I've ever seen live it looks like
jizz it's vegan gluten free egg free nut
free dairy free peanut free there's
literally nothing literally bounced off
my finger bounced on that yeah it looks
like come from three days ago
Oh lemme guess looks like the comp on my
couch what is that made out of for real
I don't know it doesn't taste human your
wife your chisel ain't there okay let's
get that taste out of our mouths have
nice Flora's wholesome junk food which
by the way there's a picture of a really
creepy four-year-old who's probably dead
now from the 1920s
making my original recipes since 1993
awesome treats created by a doctor I
don't know I don't trust doctors
especially with sweet hmm and they stick
their hands up your butt like this yeah
this smells like a process like mine
well I also hate oatmeal cookies oh okay
everything we've tried so far befo
Trilok not the worst one oh not good
don't want to kill myself after that
that's okay this is green tea dark choc
I don't know fucking gross I hate you so
much
oh it's not green whoa love it doesn't
smell like anything it's like sour and
I'm noticing that where everything is
that everything is special they're like
sour literally they should have declined
cefalu this should actually be late
though it'll actually shut because this
stuff is definitely spoiled oh no this
vegan spoiled this is licorice twist by
Paul Newman after this this is like it's
supposed to be like those sour straws
except I love the sour punch well maybe
they'll be good oh it definitely was big
dogs oh good because there's hope
there's nothing no smelly nail polish
actually you hate it is flavors not
terrible but the consistency just tastes
like a shoe I that's true but get past
the shoe it's not much - drop I guess if
you could just suck on it mmm
yeah that works we're ending it with
something that looks like the worst
thing ever because I hate like licorice
this is all-natural black licorice was
OB yeah there's will pick up
oh it was like bark oh no hmm
let's break it in half
yeah like literally won't break actual
actual turd Oh soon as I hit my mouth I
immediately wanted to reject it big and
sweets cover her channel watches try
more vegan sweets another legit slammer
if you're vegan I love you unless you're
me cuz there's a lot of mean like this
but maybe there is good out there there
might be like making magic with
leftovers ooh that sounds good
oh my god after Thanksgiving I used to
love to like take the leftover cornbread
take the leftover stuffing take the
leftover turkey make a sandwich get some
putting a pie put that mail hum man are
we talking about again oh yeah come
