hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck new my name is destory I'd
probably sell my soul for an enchilada
right now but this is what the fuck news
we talk about the super weird news that
you might have missed in the last week
the first story that I want to talk
about today is everything about Caitlyn
Jenner formerly known as the male
Olympic athlete Bruce Jenner Caitlyn
Jenner has recently made the huge life
decision in becoming a woman and being
completely and publicly open about it
even being on the cover of Vanity Fair
magazine and speaking out about her
transformation which happened in the
beginning of June since the announcement
she's been all over the internet news
headline with a ton of people in support
of Caitlyn and her choices and a ton of
other people doing what the internet
does best and being giant asshole saying
things like this is and will always
remain a man gender is biological and
not a choice fucking freaks and
fruitcakes
God made you a man you just stamped
yourself a ticket to hell
this is ridicules and nasty a lot of
people also claim that Caitlyn simply
did this for a giant publicity stunt but
to that I say any person that would go
through literally ten hours of surgery
to no longer have a penis it's clearly
not following some sort of stunt yeah
doctor tonight my penis surgically
removed so that more people will like me
thanks dude yeah no that means said
though Caitlyn has gotten a lot more
praise than hate in this decision with a
ton of celebrities and youtubers
tweeting her words of love and support
personally you know despite the mixed
feelings that the Internet has towards
Caitlyn there's ultimately her decision
and one that isn't hurting anyone else
by doing it and she's now basically
become an icon of bravery for the people
that could be going through what she had
to go through I just think it's cool
that we live in a world where something
like this could happen and people aren't
being so quick to judge her and her
decisions so this is just another human
being with their own choices and there's
no reason for us to hate them or treat
them any differently but yeah super
awesome news and I know I make a lot of
jokes in the show but I am being sincere
when I say I hope that Caitlyn continues
to be happy with her true self shown to
the world next note the bad news a small
private school in Minneapolis has
parents outraged what teachers took
almost a dozen preteen and teenagers on
a field trip to a sex shop and why did I
go that school that does fucking the
only field trip my school ever took us
almost to go look at an old tree
literally that was it look pass a tree
all right back on the bus but barely
begun
school took the kids to the sex shop
called the Smitten Kitten to conclude
the sex ed course and also to talk to
sex educators at the sex shop about any
questions that the kids might have about
sex also what the kids were there all
pornographic material was hidden from
sight but there were still dildos and
other sex toys visible oh no right not
dildos apparently also a couple of teens
went so far as to buy condoms
oh not safe sex yeah as educational
though as the trip probably was the fun
was ended when the kids went home and
informed their parents where they were
all day hey honey how was school oh that
sounds fun
yeah Jimmy condoms and then like any
parent they called the school which
landed the school in some hot water
especially because the principal didn't
even tell the parents where they were
going oh yeah that makes sense
honestly no I really don't understand
why this is such a big deal it's not
like they're bringing him there to sell
them into sex slavery like the guys from
taking what's in my sex ed was anything
like this sex ed I probably would have
actually learned something fucking
useful instead I got a 90 year old man
putting a condom on a banana and talking
about STDs from the Stone Age I remember
when I used to get hen enjoy Deena not
even a real disease it was in 1920 that
shit was crazy so why is it such a big
deal to parents for kids to see sex toys
if any child went into any parents
closet they'd probably fucking cry from
all the nasty shit they find hey mom
what's this Oh God
um that's a that's a cat toy hey why
don't you put that down okay honey masks
in the closet with the balls strapped to
the boat that's for Halloween it's a
nice camera gay then one with the fuckin
news a British woman was sent to jail
this last month after her neighbors
complained about her having sex too loud
what but the Birmingham UK woman Gemma
whale was given a two-week jail sentence
after testimony from a neighbor said
Gemma started screaming and shouting
whilst having sex which work is up it's
lasted ten minutes ten minutes
holy shit how does her boyfriend go that
long I can only go for like a twentieth
of that time I was good but not really
apparently they'll be loud sex violated
the antisocial behavior order in the UK
and also that Gemma was a previous
offender of this rule when her neighbors
would complain that she would party all
day wake up in the middle of
night and then have loud sex all night
sometimes you gotta look at the bright
side though at least it was the girl
being loud or not the guy oh yeah oh
yeah oh that feels so good
yeah oh I'm gonna shit I miss you I'm
gonna shit and look lady my advice if
you can't control the volume of your sex
sounds at least try to mask them like
something else like opera singing for
example then your neighbors will be like
puppets so fucking beautiful
lastly in some movie news a couple of
their teasers and trailers were releases
last week including the new TV spot for
the new James Bond movie called Spectre
which looks pretty badass
also the trailer was released from the
movie vacation which is a sequel of the
national lampoon's vacation movie from
1983 that's the one who usually hates
sequels and reboots of movies I'm not
all that excited about this movie but it
definitely looks pretty fuckin unless
the teaser for The Hunger Games
Mockingjay part 2 was released which
shows pretty awesome stuff a bit of what
like looks to be the revolution and all
of that stuff as well as what appears to
be a bunch of oil almost engulfing
people I didn't read the book so I have
no idea but I'm just excited to see
Jennifer Lawrence back on this week I
might have a little bit of a crush all
right I might be I might be obsessed I
might want to wear her skin one day I'm
just good that is it for this episode of
what the fuck news the question of the
day for you guys is actually kind of a
serious one that is what are your
thoughts about Caitlyn Jenner and her
transformation let me know in the
comments down below all of these toys as
always or in the description down below
as well as all of my links also before
you guys go make sure to check out my
newest video on my channel where I
pretend to be a stereotypical 14 year
old girl but not such a bitch she pays
for everything of mine my problems are
so important right now like I don't know
what I'm gonna wear tomorrow I don't
have a name for the female version of me
but unlike Caitlyn I really hope the
world never has to see her again but I
will see you next Saturday for yet
another what the fuck news thanks for
watching and Fairwinds
hey guys i'm charlie the demon oh wait
it's a Mexican demon isn't it ya'll guys
my name is Johnny
I started masturbating when I was 3 I
matured very fast physically emotionally
mentally still 3
