hey what's up you guys now I know I've
watched a lot of my old videos and
reacted to them and I was gonna do that
again today but I'm like you know what
would be even better what if I reacted
to other youtubers old videos that way I
can be a total asshole and say no no I'm
just reacting let's see how many people
I piss up people I pissed off and
they'll hate me unfollow me on Twitter
all right let's go so I'm when you start
with Joey Graceffa alright I just went
back to try to find his oldest video
ever and I found this one it's called
a teen forever oh my god first of all
same haircut okay that was weird I said
first of all he said first of all
twitting oh my god that's the first and
last time you touched a pussy no pussies
do not like that they don't like to be
grabbed they like to be stroked but
you'll learn or actually no you won't
literally story of my life I'm actually
38 black don't crack white gets melted
and looks like this alright let's go to
somebody else's channel let's do Tyler
Oakley alright Tyler's first video is
called raindrops oh my god this is
depressing oh no is this a sad video oh
god what's happening oh no this is too
tumblr I think I'm gonna die this is
like one's weird fetish videos we're
like the guy to supply Oh
what is happening why is there style
music playing that was creepy right I
like a lone creepy a little bit I like
rain too
not that much also he looks like he's
five years old here how old is he here
well there is a bunk bed hmm although I
had a bunk bed until I was like 15 I
also peed the bed until I was 16 let's
now talk about me let's talk about it
I'm really uncomfortable I'm really glad
Tyler's does not do this anymore
I have no idea but Tyler I love you now
I feel like a lot of really creepy old
men jerked off to this and I probably
will later look marked all right jenna
Marbles all right her first video is
called the Dunkin Donuts challenge I
love it already
what's your strategy what's gonna happen
is she gonna eat all these donuts cuz if
she is how come I wasn't there
why couldn't we been friends back then
she doesn't need doughnuts anymore I
don't need doughnuts anymore what a
waste of a life wait now she's running
wait is she gonna run and eat doughnuts
cuz I don't want to be friends with her
anymore
wait what's happened another wasting the
doughnuts we are not friends unless you
put five of those doughnuts on all five
of your fingers I can't be friends
that's the only way to eat a doughnut
Miranda sings alright this video is
called
a whole new world oh my god she's so
different she's exactly like a girl I
used to know in high school who I hated
okay I didn't hate her I was jealous of
her her side pony was everything planned
never made her look fat and she can wear
puka-shell necklace and nobody thought
of her oh wait okay when finding worth
of puka-shell necklace but when Shane
worth the focus on necklace let's all
rip it off him I hope she starts singing
soon because if she doesn't I'll start
crying
I know that's supposed to be bad but she
sounds better than me like half of the
other singing youtubers yeah pretty
talented Thank You Cindy
I mean Miranda I mean I'm having a lot
of flashbacks alright let's do one more
so well ah all right this one is called
60 things in my room this is fun he's
that kinda bad to see one of the things
does she know he's there this is the
strangers oh my god it's one of the
things could be a knife and then the
other thing is gonna be her throat and
then the last thing is gonna be her dead
cuz if so I'm gonna like that shit
because that's crazy Oh Charlie
graceless does calendar I think what
they repairs the guy in the background
like what the fuck are you doing we're
supposed to be doing our homework bitch
turn off the camera hey you know what a
thing in your room is right now your
friend that you're ignoring blackberry
by the way man that was before she got
that YouTube money what is that oh it's
an umbrella okay okay it was looking a
little dildo wish for a second Josh's
keys wait is Josh the guy in the
background did you kidnap him and steal
his keys is he locked in there who the
plot is twisting empty photo frame and
scissors okay this shit's getting scary
fuck
Josh's ice girlfriend yeah she lifts up
ahead she just a chloroform bitch
this is dark oh oh this is scary what's
gonna happen is he gonna die is he gonna
die she can hit him with that car what's
gonna happen oh my god she's gonna use
that she could collab his dick off whoa
where's the subscribe button blaring
guys ago that was me watching old
youtuber videos that's amazing I want to
do this again let me know down the
comments what you do is I should watch
um also I love you guys hope you have
fun make sure to subscribe make new
videos every single day and please don't
watch my first videos they're terrible
okay bye I love you whoa
this girl's hair is insanely blue oh my
god and then it calls purple Oh God and
then it's green I'm okay with people
coloring the hair but not every day
that's like a scary thing where it's
like don't come around me when I have my
red hair no seriously that's when Cindy
takes over
