hey heard of you guys thank you so much
for not swiping left on this video I
have no idea what that means yes I don't
have a tinder I don't understand it I
know a lot of people use it for booty
calls so why would I need that when I
can just call somebody and say hey booty
no ok nevermind mom is so stingy with
the booty but I thought it'd be fun
today if I downloaded one created a
profile and just saw how many people
liked me
I need validation no this is not
sponsored I am NOT Hilary Duff this is
not a sparks music video which by the
way did you see that music video we'll
talk about it later actually no we won't
I don't want talk about it what was that
anyways sorry angry tinder okay time to
put what we're looking for I'm gonna be
open I'm gonna put guys and girls and
everything between because I'm down for
love from all areas alright let's see
how many people love me so I've seen
drew do this before and basically you
just swipe right and keep swiping right
to keep talking right and that says that
you love everybody and then maybe
somebody will say they love you back
it's just like life who this guy's name
is only he's 40 and he says I'm nice and
I'm fun lol boo that's creepy his
picture is him standing in front of what
looks like a prison
so I prank oh Jessica Jessica has a lot
of cleavage and children ooh and her
profile says I'm a walking disaster I
like that she's honest though Oh Joanne
she's 31 there's a picture of her
standing in front of what looks like a
pile of poop and her profile just has a
confused emoji face that's a write to me
ooh this guy's name is Tim his picture
is him half-asleep half-awake in bed and
the caption says I think I'm dying oh my
god and there's also wait I want to show
you this but I want to block out his
face there's also a picture of him
holding what looks like the biggest dog
I've ever seen my entire fucking life he
can handle those bitches you know this
guy's naked first of all this is not him
this is Zac Efron second of all is
armpit hair a thing do people like that
is that cool because I have a lot of it
and I'll
okay I haven't got a match yet really
depressed about it who this guy's name
is Mitchell and his profile says I'm
watching you and the picture is him with
an American flag over his body to me
that looks like a winner
oh my god a drag queen oh so many rights
so many rights that girl's having sex
with a dog like it's actually on top of
her that's right and that's gonna having
sex with a cat I don't understand this
animal sex situation like I don't know
who is into that hey yo girl I mean I
can handle a pussy real though I got ten
cats still gonna swipe right this girl
is holding up a dead fish and making a
sexy face thanks to it her name is
Alicia she is a drug and alcohol
counselor and she says she has a pitbull
that has her nose but sometimes my brain
there's a lot of people next to
barbecues and I really get that
this girl's profile says super into
Disney I can't swipe a camera I can't
write that I can not even as a joke whoa
this girl's hair is insanely blue oh my
god and then it goes purple Oh God and
then it's green I'm okay with people
coloring the hair but none every day
that's like a scary thing where it's
like don't come around me when I have my
red hair no seriously that's when Cindy
takes over this guy's naked ah
completely naked
I cover his face there's a picture of
him and there's four of him and they're
all naked so better right that throwing
on the bench a match a match I made a
match
I made a match I'm gonna add singing
skills to my resume what do i do what do
i do what do i do I gotta say something
what do I say
okay okay messages hey bro you're naked
I'm not I hate my body my body is
disgusting no this is you honest all
right let me start over
hey bro love the pics happen to have any
pictures of you fucking a dog I've been
seeing a lot of those on here do you
think he'll get that oh my god what if
he actually sends me a picture of him
fucking a dog
send we're waiting no we wrote back lol
no but I can make some I'm gonna move on
who's gonna say I haven't seen a lot of
people over the age of 30 I'm looking
for granny and Grandpa well this guy's
picture is him holding an Xbox whoo God
it hurts to swipe right on that oh my
god
this guy made his eye color red I think
it was an accident but still right oh my
god this girl is half-naked and puking
into a toilet right Oh
oh my god she accepted we matched we
both love puking okay what do I say hey
girl
can i peek in your toilet Oh what if she
says yes we have a puking party this is
fun
I love tinder that would have been good
in Hilary Duff's music video her going
to a puking party sequel she just said
no does she think I was serious like
this my toilet this is for Matthew you
got your old toilet Oh fine
there's movie promotions in here like
insidious and that Melissa McCarthy
movie and I would never swipe right on
Melissa McCarthy I love her I've seen
her movies she can't stop falling over
breaking things and I already do that so
us together would be a lot of broken
furniture and a lot of sadness oh my god
you're just allowed to put a dick on
here are you allowed to do that should I
do that
that's a nice dick I can't my dick look
like that God tenders depressing look
this girl's just holding a pair of
scissors I don't know what that means
but help we match oh my god it says this
guy's a hundred and one oh I'm gonna
swipe right and I really hope we don't
match
oh we didn't match oh the sad world when
a hundred and one year old guy looks
like he's melted doesn't even like you
fuck blaring guys go that was me trying
out tinder maybe I'll do it again I
don't know it did not help my confidence
at all all right you guys have your poem
yet fun tindering with you make sure to
subscribe new videos every single day
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
hi oh my god who is this oh okay
speaking of couples what are they called
again Jack jacksgap
there is no gap the gap has been filled
oh my god
