alright squad haha we're about the
detective lies Bobby are you ready for
this
of course I am ok so here's my thoughts
we're all doing this as a squad because
you're entering this flood and we need
to make sure that your squad intentions
are pure ok ok I'm not trying to destroy
the squad yeah like what if you come in
here and you're secretly recording
things like doing things and then you're
gonna explode I'm gonna leak all of your
news all of moms news mom leaks her own
father actress yeah ok so I feel like
all of us should give questions to Bobby
like as a team so everybody starts
thinking of questions ok um let's do a
test round Garrett you want to give a
test questions yes ok the umbrella is
the microphone what's your favorite Jim
shit I'm out of this you want to
remember their only yes or no sorry do
you love crystals no he's not Joey
Graceffa ok um do you think that you're
the most handsome person in this car no
that was a lie you I'm a lie detector if
you lie about that I'm gonna scream
right in your face
sure ok well I have my questions too but
I don't want to give them away but I
will do a test one through if you have
the chance to kill me with no
repercussions and you get all my
subscribers
Oh he'd kill you how why are you
hesitating
no are you gonna kill me no no no my
inator tries to kill me is a good title
this time milk is strangling you this is
too real okay I feel like you're gonna
do well yeah but I feel like we're gonna
learn a lot of exclusive things that
might possibly ruin this oh my god and
that's even better for the video well I
have something that's only the truth no
lies that comes in here okay so quit is
sponsoring this video it's very exciting
because I rarely get sponsorships but
all ever since Bobby's joined the squad
I've started getting so Bobby have you
ever done a quid sponsorship um I
haven't done quit alright so that we
need to show you the ropes because we're
quite expert okay and my mom currently
uses all of Danielpour goalies Snickers
mom say catch me outside catch me
outside
wait come on do the second part catch me
outside what how about it alright so
take it away you have to say why quit is
amazing quit is a new app where you can
collect and post stickers does it have
stickers digital sticker zuv my
favourite not only influencers but films
such as Marvel and cartoon such as
cardboard it has my stickers the Shane
and Friends we're giving there is then
your goalie sticker as my stickers you
have stickers yes are you fucking
kidding me
yeah they just started I haven't even
done an ad yet narrative stickers damn
bobby ego if only you could trade those
stickers with your friends can you shake
well if you have friends alright please
go down look whit you know that we love
them a lot and these Punk's are ups and
they support us and not that many people
do so they mean a lot to me please
support them download open feeling right
now their topics but get the point I
mapped it gives us a right down there
down there in the description the link
to him is down there in description
below yeah it's a threaten a little bit
do it do it am i turned on hmm no lies
detective okay so we just got to the lie
detector place I just realized how
perfect this is
mom I feel like this guy might be single
and ready to fuck no lies detected here
says I actually like this guy any sweet
and I think you like him
play it cool we're not gonna make it a
thing or be obvious yeah maybe given one
of these to wait no blowing just know
kid you gotta give me something to wait
for huh oh she's keeping it I wanted to
blow that kiss to me it's all coming
together Danielle Brooke holy comment
sing at the wedding
why Jane we have a lot that's about to
happen I'm nervous okay let's do it
you know some cookie I asked them in my
pocket
I just realized your girlfriend's here
this is my mom hello I'm Theresa ready
to test you he used to hate me all right
so here's the plan
he's never done this before I've not
done and we all have a lot of suspicions
about him including his girlfriend we
just want to get to the bottom of it no
we're all gonna ask a couple questions
okay so I guess let's strap you what
let's do it oh my god we're looking for
microscopic changes to blood at the arm
sweat at the fingertips lower breathing
and upper breathing if I lie it's gonna
jump up yeah did you do this bad thing
you don't want your girlfriend to know
about no but you gotta make sure no have
move into no body movements yeah no
process they're not gonna lie you move
your feet during the test though you
have to be tough
what are you doing it's just a little
okay
there was a fingernail in my hair it's
on your lap for an hour we're going to
turn it on and make sure it's reading
them all right it's ready to go
am I asking questions or is somebody
else I think we are going to take turns
let me ask a question do you feel you're
more attractive than chain no lie
fire-breathers
come on flatline and your sweat was
inspired when I was 21 he was a solid
5.3 at 21 all right it's ready for you
guys
Hey here we go I guess I'll start you
look nervous
don't move when I first D and you did
you think I was hitting on you you know
true but I was were you really a fan of
my videos yeah his breathing collapse
that would be a fail should i specify
the year here we go have you ever seen
one of my thumbnail and went oh no I
don't know what that means
have you ever seen one of my thumbnails
by buffing cringed no he's a liar about
the hyperventilate right now do you
think that my merch is ugly oh babe
that's no this face sure no I like I
actually don't hit your birds
I actually know where do you get it I
don't know but where do you get it Oh
amazon.com / st. John st. Dawson that
was true okay
you did really good there's a lot more
to come the walk to the next Oh
are we ready do you think your videos
are better than Shane's no you might
want to give him another chance because
that was a fail okay do you think your
videos are better than jeans no all
right that one you did well on small was
good be ready for another shirt are you
using my boyfriend no do you like
Shane's friends yes oh I have to leave
into the next question then
do you like Shane do you even like Shane
yes I actually like him a lot I've just
smallest fountain yet very good ah yes
do you like a turn all my questions are
just gonna be fun oh okay
are you scared about moving to Los
Angeles no crow oh I'm just excited um
do you like the forest I can't get out
okay alright it's Jordan just standing
between our love food no that was the
flattest one so far oh oh I have one
okay do you like the videos that I make
yes that's great
I really like the forest won the match
forest on the side fun alright alright
mom are you ready
my breathing immediately spikes like
crazy on this thing
oh I'm not do you wish I was your mother
no true if I answered yes my mother
would be so angry I can't have that on
camera
were you afraid when we sat on the couch
and I had to confront you about the
video yes
yes oh yeah she is not scary do you hate
my dogs
no they're adorable
they're adore me yeah Charlie is like
super sweet the other one you secretly
want to kill my son a good cake is
breath away that's normal are you gonna
kill me no guys you wanna kill oh my god
no please you're gonna kill me no way
what what I promise this is no it's not
he literally using you for money and
then planning the death
he liked my dog so it's okay
thank you doesn't think his videos are
better than yours you're complicated
it's no big deal all right now it's time
for the grand finale I think we should
have my god this leads to breakups how
many couples have you had break up after
visiting you when they see their
cheating usually a lot of them Oh eating
things you wouldn't want to be asked you
better ask everything you don't want to
know don't let it slip about us Bobby I
mean okay yeah let me am i breathing
normal for a second I had our time
breathing in why I mean do you love me
yes I was so I hate you do you think I'm
pretty
do you think I'm pretty
yes through
do you think you're smarter than me no
let me try that again let me breathe let
me breathe I don't give me that one
again my god it's hairy
yes I do one more that good do you want
to get married yes
wait okay Mike was that a proposal it
was it was me clearing the way to know
that if there was a frozen then they
would be good how old are you guys -
sweetest moment no booty want kids um
not right now at least that's not wait
I'm gonna make your house like it this
one's trust Oh bad question
do you want kids yes
do you want kids with me yes even true
oh I'm gonna cry
are you going to kill me in my sleep
no all right well I think you kind of
passed he did not pass any of the
questions regarding be nice to you I'm
gonna count it itself it shows I'm in
love with my girlfriend ELISA and that's
good enough
listen I'm fine with being used I'm fine
with that
okay use you know yeah yeah and I'm fine
with you wanted to kill me no I'm not
I'm not raising my children alone it was
really hard you were really nervous so
maybe some of the questions you failed
because you were it is weird my face is
literally tingling right now like I
wasn't scared of doing it at all and
then as soon as you get strapped and you
immediately are just like okay well
hopefully I'm not doing it actually why
don't you get on here you can see see if
it does the same thing
whoa what's this turning into you know
what strap me up it's like this audience
come yeah yeah yeah okay okay do you
think I could get to three million
subscribers by the end of the year if I
work really hard
okay
are you excited freedom about here yes
true hey do you like my videos yes
Hey look at that
have you watched any of the most recent
four videos that public to my youtube
channel
yes oh really hey oh my god okay guys
were back home and I feel good about
this yes you failed some very it's very
classic I'm sorry but the main question
that you did pass was that you genuinely
do want to be friends with me and Jenny
wouldn't work with me he also said that
he didn't want to kill you but I also
said that you're gonna get three million
subscribers I know guys make sure to go
over to Bobby's channel thank you I'm
coming back to see you ABC okay over to
Bobby's channel there's a new video
where him and Garrett celebrated his
21st birthday and how'd that go
excellente they're gonna check that out
and subscribe and I hope you guys are
excited to follow us on this journey
Oh Bobby would be to LA and starting a
show with me we still don't completely
know what the show it is yeah but if you
guys have ideas leave some comments down
below maybe the show could just be
Garrett always trying to I have a
challenge for your bartender knucklehead
friend to make a better Bobby Bernsen he
can I'm talking any damn oh holy shit
what's your Thomas Thomas you've met I
know
