gods to the podcast with Bobby Lee a
Megan ranked and it was incredible and
we talked about penises and dicks and
the cunt in your mouth yeah check it out
did you enjoy it
oh yeah hey you dumb bitch what I'm
dissing you guys hi okay
we are doing a diss track today I'm very
excited so I've done a couple of these
videos before where I've gone and made
an entire song of the day and a music
video and it has been weird but today I
won't do something a little bit
different so my friend Dylan Gardner who
is probably my favorite musician of all
time
yeah he's amazing he literally looks
just like Drake Bell and like I'm Josh
pre weight-loss so he's an incredible
musician he rides he records he does
everything so I thought what if he
helped us make diss tracks about each
other now I don't know if we're gonna do
like rap or if we're gonna do pop rock I
don't really know the genre but I do
know that mine is gonna be fire and
yours is gonna be milk are you gonna
write the lyrics yourself I'm gonna try
I've been brainstorming for a while now
that's mean what do you mean like
thinking about things you hate about me
yeah I mean you went to bed last night
and said that I'm messy so I know that
you're already gonna do that you're
messy pick your nose Oh ass picking is
definitely gonna be one of your
highlights I do like to pick my ass all
right let's go to Gilley's house guys
we're doing those oh that's great yeah
okay first of all I have a lot of things
I need to show them this is amazing but
also of the dog his name is Portillo I
named him after a hot dog restaurant and
he is my son and he's black and he find
she literally probably thinks I'm just
one big burrito okay so this is the
recording studio oh my god oh my god
you're like dr. Luke but not not at all
so fucking me music yeah this is
incredible oh my god we're gonna make so
many hits yes you gotta have a good vibe
and it's basically just a studio
amendment okay okay so you're gonna open
up all that shit I don't understand and
we're gonna play around I'm so excited
what kind of vibe are you thinking for
your song well I've always wanted to be
a rapper so that's not gonna happen okay
so we're talking about the vibe of our
song I don't know I kind of want to go
in like an Avril Direction okay yeah
like cuz you are complicated and I've
kind of my skater boy and I'm with you
thinks there's nobody else get these
references oh my god oh my god
we don't keep going he's just a boy well
not really he's kind of gender-neutral
wait that's not really just that's just
facts one thing that you do that's
really amazing is you come up with
melodies out of nowhere I don't know
you're literally Taylor quick Wow okay
so like if I just give you a word could
you give me a random melody for a course
of a song yeah okay Crunchwrap supreme
supreme
contracts
oh my god it's not on iTunes can I get
it on Spotify morning fuck the
distraction please get out of that let's
go to Taco Bell what about you you got a
melody um well mine's gonna be a snicker
because that's you oh yeah so his song
is about me picking my house
I feel like Jamie's finger what do you
guys ranges Bob I mean I'm always
feeling Bob but that's just how I was
born
I mean I can't do anything so whatever
serious that's why I'm with you okay so
I think we need to test out our ranges
I'll let's do it so we have your
microphone setup we're one-by-one gonna
get in front of it there's a lot of
glass I'm gonna break to learn yes oh my
god I'm a pop star hello hello I'm so
good
how do I look she has industry
experience under his belt
I did slide the charts okay um let me
think let me think
well first should I start like what you
said and just yell and say how high I
get I could do that one actually Simpson
my queen are you kidding me I need
something like yells I mean I guess I
could sing my own hit super love yeah
okay I don't remember oh you have no
fear
yeah hero is here telling me that danger
is near I'm realizing the song isn't
singing and that's the kind of song I
need wait okay Christmas or Christmas um
maybe this year I won't be sad on
Christmas maybe I'll have a happy
holiday
this isn't your doing great sweetie
all right let me try this run okay are
you thinking what I'm thinking better
there we go
we found the race this is gonna be fun
all right so you've already started
writing down all your disses yeah and
I'm not as creative as one would think
so I actually sent out a tweet that said
writing his check about the Shane how
should I drag him send help okay I have
an idea every time you read one you sing
it drag him by his old wheesh tell him
that he's sorting so much that not even
Hannibal would eat him
wow it's so beautiful when you sing it I
should bring you to therapy something
somebody else's said she don't hate you
so much that he ran away from you too
real okay let's actually test out this
auto-tune and see how good all right
should we do it together
yeah I think we should go Ashlee Simpson
wait no literally my life one two three
piggy but literally my life is literally
my life is skiddy I don't remember the
words skinny waisted high fashion right
in in my g34 literally my life is skinny
waisted high-fashion ridin in my G Wagon
here we go it's good enough to me it's
make you guys fabulous oh my god three
we have two dicks in our mouth okay so
we're going through beats right now I
think I want to do like a hip-hop vibe
and you said you have some hip-hop beats
that you've made I do that in hip-hop
these good hard ones I mean it depends
how hard we want to be here oh I'm gonna
go hard whoo feelin it okay okay okay
I'm layering right she needs more layer
that kook
oh-hoo I'm quite gay I'm shaking I'm
shaking are you nervous yeah oh my god
oh my god oh my god you're gonna die
this is your funeral booze started from
the bottom now he's bottom started from
the bottom he is always being a bottom
gonna be good alright I've been working
on my disses tell me how badly these
offend you and/or burn you I have I
don't need the psychic twins because
your shiny forehead can show me my
future what do you got I have that I'd
rather give my super love to Dan and
Phil whoo that's good
thanks I got it from Twitter okay you're
still working on the beat and when we
get to the main part of the song we want
to be just epic and I think what we'll
do that is we we bring in a little choir
oh my god okay so I'm thinking for one
of the lines something like you got
would I need a boy face with a girlish
body that work over the chorus okay so
how you
and me crossing both babies with the
girlish body oh my god I am almost ready
to record how about you know oh my god
the fire is coming called 901 they say
you only fucking me for the views but I
don't care cuz if you I get when I fuck
you you telling everybody that you're a
secret top the only place you fuck me is
in the ears when you talk okay I just
did my first verse let's see how it
sounds alright
they say you only fuck give me full of
use but I don't care cuz of you I get
when I fuck you you should get popcorn
tatted on your back that way alright I
just recorded the second verse let's see
how it's starting to sound alright God
and anyway coming okay so we're doing
the chorus I just learned this from
recording group opals myself which is
you record yourself around your room
different parts of the mic thing and it
makes me a big crowd one two three you
guys think we sound great you guys
oh boy it sounds like we have friends
okay I'm about to record the intro of
the song and what you got a phone we
have a phone so basically my brother as
a Christmas present converted this
telephone into a microphone so it sounds
like oh my god okay here we go son this
song goes out to my future
boyfriend all right guys we're taking a
walk to get our creative juices flowing
my song is pretty much shit I should add
that in the ditch track you interrupting
me with your sneeze I know
so my song is pretty much done at yours
we have not even really started yet so
he has to go back and do that I have
some ideas we set the bar very high with
this last song it's it's gonna be yeah I
don't know how you're gonna top this you
bottom all right we're back and we are
trying to figure out one song that's my
ass okay okay so what's your idea so I
think the chorus might surround how you
didn't blow up right love that okay yeah
I'm thinking
okay all right you're coming in hard my
feelings are hurt that's the point
all right let me hear some of this be
Brian's got a spicy bomb on his hands
wait this is good wait Shawn Mendes stop
waiting Taylor she died oh my god this
is good this is gonna be like music
video this chorus just a single light
beams on right oh my god
I'm ready Jessica Park car for a
dinosaur ma'am
old ass face with some little baby hands
you leave those ghosts in the house when
I go shoe it's me not you but I'd rather
fuck drew dressing Park car for a
dinosaur my god okay shut up shit I
can't seem to save my life you didn't go
you look like throw great sweet so you
it's not awful take 48 you got a flaky
assface said your hair's always dirty
you're still on YouTube even though
you're almost 31 more shame that's mean
it's me
you've got me bright forehead look at
you what you didn't go up
you look like whoa geez I have a ghost
backup vocalist so it only took six
layers for my chorus alright what does
it sound like with all your help
my choir you got a space in your hair
that's not fair that is not fair it's
not so good when the drag is a Bop
we're gonna break up aren't we no guys
we're dying we finished oh my god
telling you're a Dream Maker no problem
this has been incredible thank you so
much please go get his music
Dylan Gardner it's everywhere Spotify
follow me Instagram Twitter just AB
Dylan Gardner playing hotel cafe in Los
Angeles October 4th and 18th
please come yeah it's all beating I'm
really excited this was amazing you're
my fav musician ever sort of work with
you has been incredible and maybe we'll
make more songs soon maybe even a real
song Wolseley how are you feeling
awesome
I'm not a singer I can't see can't me
when I'm Hilary Duff guys oh my god
we're in the car right now we're about
to go home I am so excited these are
insane ok so here's the thing originally
the idea was that we're gonna put the
music video at the end of this behind
the scenes the songs are too good they
need their own videos so tomorrow we're
gonna be posting the official music
videos for our diss tracks meet us again
will be on my channel on him dissing me
will be on his channel and we also put
this songs on iTunes and Spotify and I
don't know everywhere all right you guys
we're gonna go I have never felt so
dragged but so loved at the same time go
to do ins music I don't know I make sure
to tune in tomorrow for the diss tracks
all right let's see yes mom
what I need the boy is race with the
girlish body
