hey it's okay guys yes it is that time
again where I'm going to go onto the
useless web.com
and play around and try to find some
crazy shit it's like tinder but instead
of finding love I'm finding things that
will scare me so bad I'll never want to
love anything including myself so it's
like tinder all right let's get started
okay here we go take me to another
useless site please be my Twitter oh
it's corndogs okay so I eat them how do
I eat them I want to eat them that was
sick
how could you do that my inner fat kid
just killed himself pointer pointer
finding pointer pointer located oh my
god hey guys
this guy looks constipated pointer
located oh I don't like that she's
getting pointed at is that Brittany for
long is that jennette mccurdy is that me
locked in the bathroom this was
definitely a party I had last year how
gay is it that I just looked at a dick
that was the first thing I saw it's just
hang in there right my the only one that
sees up I think his friend is pointing
at his friends like hey your dick is out
and he's like pulling at his mouth like
ads or it's gonna be in a minute god I
wish I had friends please donate fuck
you sad for Japan this is literally my
stomach what's happening is it gonna
diarrhea what is this
what are those Oh God what's happening
are those toilets oh my god what is that
is those rocks oh you can make things
explode
I understand how a super villain feels
this is fun have you ever been on the
plane you were like flying by a town you
look down and you said I could just
crush that think I'm a bad person
salmon of Capistrano whoa
Wow look at all the fish the sexy music
is making me uncomfortable
that one made me feel uneasy and I kind
of want to go back Oh God
if you've never been to a DMV this is
what it sounds like hi can I just get a
new license don't know a new license no
you know what I'll take the bus
Oh oh my god it's corgis and they're
swimming and there's so many of them oh
I just want to eat them all yeah yeah
yeah follow me follow me oh my god now I
know what my mom feels like just
surrounded by dogs all the time
ooh Oh what is this oh I hate watching
people kiss even if they're cartoons it
makes me so uncomfortable oh I hate it
oh he's sucking her into his body Wow
think I've issues with love oh god this
is some insidious shit what's gonna
happen what's gonna happen she gonna pop
out she gonna pop out she can pop out of
my computer and strangle me to death
some guy gonna chop her head off what is
she swinging is that an arm whose arm is
that a lot of she has big boobs
that was fucking terrifying what the
fuck is this also kind of like the way
that's moving kind of like the shape
kind of like the hole how can I get one
of these I'd buy a newt oh that noise
though I don't know if I could deal with
that
Larry guys go that was me playing on
useless websites um yeah no those were
all terrible all right you guys hope you
have fun useless playing with me I'd fun
useless living with you make sure to
subscribe at machmood every single day
and I'll see you at tomorrow Mike oh my
god the punk edits he's scared the shit
out of me first of all I look like an ex
child star and I'm actually not mad at
it holy fuck we look like a sad band who
like almost got famous and then Paramore
came around and kicked us out
