hello and welcome to bomb.com where we
talk about the things that are blowing
up on the internet so if you've been on
the Internet at all this past week or
just out in life you have probably heard
of Caitlyn Jenner the person formerly
known as Bruce Jenner has made the
physical transition into Caitlyn Jenner
now I'm not gonna pretend like I know
much about transgender culture or what
it's like to go through that but all I
can say is I'm sure it wasn't easy
so congratulations another cool aspect
of this that I can relate a lot more to
is the overwhelmingly positive social
media response this story has been
getting Caitlyn Jenner broke a record on
Twitter by gaining 1 million followers
in four hours which is mind-boggling and
on a completely different note that got
me thinking what are some other ways to
blow up on Twitter so here is what I've
come up with you can be a fuck-boy there
are tons of these all over Twitter you
don't need to search very hard but
basically what they do is tweet out
flirty things in exchange for a large
following of fangirls
all right I'll just I'll get a quick pic
of my outfit well we'll just add snaps
perfect save this tweet if you want to
date me retweet for a DM heart shape
love my fans you are all beautiful and
unique in your own way you don't need no
man but by my merch
you're gonna retweet more retweet all
you have to do get out is find other
Twitter accounts with a similar amount
of followers as you slide into their
dm's
and ask if they'd be down for a little
retweet for redoing action just putting
this out there you will likely be
rejected a lot of times but hey if you
gave up every time you were rejected you
probably never would have robbed that
Bank hey you down for a retweet for each
week yeah well I don't want to associate
with people who use that kind of
language anyway another way to blow up
on Twitter is to tweet a lot of
controversial things I don't even like
the color red it's gross
one Gretchen is stupid why is it called
one direction when there's five of them
I mean for people with bad music tastes
are done all the madcon voices light
themselves on fire at little grill on
Shane's channel has such a weird haircut
something else you can do that's a
little bit more technical is cater to
specific demographics so let's say you
want to develop an audience that likes 5
seconds of summer all you have to do is
be a cute teen boy and tweet all sorts
of stuff about how you love 5 seconds of
summer and a fangirls will come a swarm
if you want to get twitter followers
quick you can tweet in a very specific
style that is distinct only to you
examples of this may be Jaden Smith or
Cher and finally a guaranteed method to
get you a lot of Twitter followers and
very quickly is to have your nudes
leaked well this is child pornography
but here we go thank you guys so much
watching this episode of bob.com
hopefully we didn't do with our awesome
internet shrapnel if you haven't already
be sure to head on over to Twitter and
follow me I don't like this you go I
tweet lots of fun things and just try
and make it a joyous occasion question
of the day what are your thoughts on to
any that are official leave them in the
comments below I will see you next
Monday with a brand new episode wongkom
so good
