have you guys it has been a while since
I had tumbled I've been too scared to
tumble because the last time I tumbled
animals broke my neck and I'm not
talking about gymnastics talking about
going on tumblr and searching my name
and I almost broke my neck because I
always see things that make me a wall
that's fucking here anyways today I'm
going to go on tumblr top in my name see
what pops up and probably die you're
gonna see me die hashtag dead let's do
this alright here we go
oh my god it is truce giving a blowjob
to a Fiji bottle and me with a very
short haircut sometimes I forget out
before head then I remember and I cover
it oh my god all of our hair and they're
all dead and then mine came back to life
like Jesus it's like Easter but terrible
oh my god somebody had a birthday with
Joey all over it that's fucking amazing
I would eat him I wouldn't want to eat
his chin here though that would gross me
out oh my god it's a montage of all my
terrible dance moves terrible dance
moves in target terrible dance moves in
my bedroom terrible dance moves in a
bathroom terrible dance moves in my
closet insert joke there and terrible
dance moves with my mom now you know I
don't go to clubs go to Starbucks and
tell them to write Shane Dawson or Joey
Graceffa on your cup when they call out
Shane Dawson joey graceffa you'll see
all these girls looking around and
fingering go up to the counter and say
oh he's in the car at the moment but
I'll take it since I'm his girlfriend
then walk away like a boss or do the
exact same thing except nobody will look
around because nobody cares because
nobody knows who I am in real life and
then walk out like a sad boss when you
have a really good comeback Wow my face
moves a lot and so does my body just a
lot jiggling oh it's me kissing a fan
let's keep those off tumblr okay Shane
is not racist Thanks tumblr that's
probably the only post on tumblr that
says that oh my little cousin sucking on
a dick I love my family oh my god
somebody has a picture of me when I was
a kid wearing shorts next to Joey
wearing the same fucking shorts what
does that mean does it mean that I am
actually Joey in the future and future
Joey went to the past and gave little
Shane shorts or maybe Joey has the style
of a five-year-old yeah that makes more
sense just grind in like a boss oh my
god I've done so many emojis without
even knowing it although I like how I'm
trying to have a sexy face and they gave
me the new constipated in a comfortable
face fuck my life imagine Shane at your
birthday party yeah it would be me
uncomfortably
standing by the food because I don't
know anybody eating my feelings and
making everybody uncomfortable in the
bouncy castle is that's what I do from
not cool reenactment oh if this was the
movie it probably would have gotten
better reviews oh my god the punk edits
he's scared the shit out of me first of
all I look like an ex child star and I'm
not really no matter holy fuck
we look like a sad band who like almost
got famous and then Paramore came around
and kicked us out oh god it's like Pete
Wentz when he went through his sad
Ashlee Simpson just left me phase oh and
then it's Pete Wentz when he's like you
know what I'm gonna get married to
somebody else phase and then it's Pete
Wentz in ten years when he gains 30
pounds phase I'm sorry Pete and last but
not least it's a picture of me having a
seizure yep that's my life all right now
just for fun let's type in something
else let's type in Shane Dawson naked
sorry we did not find anything yeah
nobody wants it oh that's so sad we're
not something really weird like dog sex
how was our no dog sex butthole how is
it no butthole what's happening oh I had
the oh god I have the filter on but no
it's back all right let's type in Shane
Johnson naked again still nothing Oh dog
sex oh my god oh god I don't want to
show you any of this oh my god okay
never mind food sex oh my god what is
that is that a pepper what is that oh my
god how gay is it that is making me
hungry
I should probably stop all right guys go
that was my tumblr tag for the day
hopefully you enjoyed it hopefully you
didn't break your neck from all that
tumbling all right you guys I'm gonna go
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I will see you
tomorrow hi what's the best way to
communicate Facebook no AOL into the
messenger did used to do a lot of ASL
booo that sounds like a drug yo man you
know me I used to be addicted to ASL oh
is that a new drug no it's when I go
into a chatroom pretend to be an old man
and talk to young girls probably
shouldn't admitted that
