hey what's up you guys so I know a lot
of people see me on Instagram and
they're like oh my god Shane are you
like 15 and then they see me in real
life and they go oh my god Shane are you
1,500 years old you fucking vampire what
the fuck I'm gonna be honest I don't
know I don't know how old I am I keep
saying I'm 26 but I feel like I've been
saying that for a long time kind of like
Britney Spears hasn't she been 32 for
like 32 years well to get the accurate
age of how old I really am I'm going to
take a quiz because you know BuzzFeed
knows everything like how to clog up my
facebook page you assholes let's get
started okay can we guess your age on
your pop-culture tastes Mucha pole'
actually can we do that one is it too
late oh it's too late okay we'll do that
one later Oh chocolate Oh Oh spaghetti
are they gonna guess my weight cuz it's
gonna be about 350 what's your all-time
favorite slang phrase BAE fo sheezy
don't even go there on fleek that's hot
or crunk BAE makes me want to kill
myself fo sheezy is something my mom
says don't even go there is something my
mom used to say before she learned fo
sheezy on fleek I still have no fucking
idea what that means I don't think it
means anything I think people are trying
to make a mean something stop trying to
make sleek habit that's hot I mean
listen I've never really said that in
conversation but you know Paris Hilton
is one of my idols and her dog did just
die so I feel like I should pick that
memorial I'm gonna go with that sock
which team movie speaks to your soul
Greece never seen it dad that's aw The
Breakfast Club I do love that movie it
is a little bit scarred for me because
my mom looks just like this girl and
then all I do is picture my mom putting
lipstick in her boobs and covering on
her face and then when I was watching
with my mom that one part where the
girls like shaking all their dandruff
and she's like I'm ugly my mom's like
you do that so well too close to home
clueless love this movie why did you
have a mustache in this picture this
must have been before face tune 10
Things I Hate About You oh oh everybody
stop that's the one what's your favorite
pop star oh this is gonna be easy
where's Avril Lavigne what I guess
technically she's pop rock but still oh
man okay Beyonce okay first of all that
looks like Johnny Depp in Charlie
Jacques Factory I don't know why they
big that picture Beyonce she also looks
like Heath Ledger before he died when he
was a joker
I don't know that one's making me
depressed I'm gonna move on Madonna oh
that's the face Drake made after she
made out with him all right Carrie that
is not Mariah Carey who is that damn I
must been 200 years ago
Oh Britney I'm
go with Brittany I still love Brittany I
mean you know she has her issues but
don't we all what's the best way to
communicate Facebook no AOL Instant
Messenger did used to do a lot of ASL
ooh that sounds like a drug yo man you
know me I used to be addicted to ASL oh
is that a new drug no it's when I go
into a chatroom pretend to be an old man
talk to young girls probably shouldn't
mitad it I don't even know what
Friendster is Yahoo has a messenger
Yahoo's around still isn't Yahoo a drink
whoo that's you whoo oh I have a you
right now Oh guess my weight okay I'm
gonna go take a well what food oh here
we go how did they know oh my god okay I
used to love sour Altoids but I would
eat the whole pack and then my stomach
would bubble up and it would give me
something I like to call bubble guts
which is not something you want to be in
the car with me when I have Nesquik
cereal we were too poor to have that so
I would just pour like hot cocoa mix
into my Cheerios and I would just make
that shit work three D Oreos are fucking
disgusting they taste like a couch and
trust me I've eaten a couch
skittles bubble gum no why would I want
bubble gum that I can't swallow I mean I
can't swallow it but supposedly it stays
in your intestines for like five years
which you know it's just not safe hi-c
ecto I don't know what that means that
looks like a booger Oh Pepsi blue I'm
not a fan of drinks that are different
colors than they should be I don't like
what people are like oh it's green
chocolate milk or oh it's purple ketchup
y'all nasties fuck all right I'm gonna
go with sour Altoids even though they
hurt my body which shows reruns are
definitely worth watching happy days now
full house baby huh savor the bell
friends oh there's so many fresh prints
I loved fresh prints but we watching it
not into it Gilmore Girls that's too
much talking friends I have seen all 10
seasons like 80 bajillion times so
because we're good friends what does the
hash tag name well I said hash tag so I
guess I have to pick that although to me
it is technically a number sign but hey
whatever I am no I'm not ready yet
you're full-fledged grown-up really but
you still have attitude and swagger you
like the slang in the movies from your
younger years feel a bit dated when your
favorite music is on the oldies station
that's so true it doesn't make a
difference to you because you've got the
confidence that comes with maturity
you're wrong about all of that Paris
Hilton a girl that fan is working its
magic boho
I don't know what that was all right
there guys go that was my uh how old am
i quiz um I guess I'm 32 sorry for lying
to you I'm gonna go make sure to get
this video thumbs up leave a comment
telling me how old you think I am and I
will see you guys come on make sure to
scrub and they did nobody's goodbye I
don't know what that was
Pam signed and then you put the vanilla
into the other sauce folder and then you
go find a show on Netflix to binge you
take these babies to bed and you eat
them all and then when people call you
to say Shane where are you it's been
three weeks we haven't heard from you
you say I've just been working
