hey guys yes it's that time again for
I'm in the kitchen and this time I'm not
emotionally eating at 3 a.m. I'm making
a video and it is a Papa Ketchum now I
have made about 20 million of these
before and they all end the same
I vomited the sink but I feel like this
one might end ok because it looks very
simple it's literally just dripping
chocolate into a thing making a panda
out of it now I can't do that and I
should not be living spoiler alert I'm
probably gonna fuck it up which means I
shouldn't be living we already knew that
let's get started alright here we go oh
that's a lot of things who are those
cookies okay this is looking easy whoo
little pretzel cookies little panda
cookies old bum cool little McDonald's
sauce holders oh the memories once again
the directions make no sense so I'm just
gonna get pink put the chocolate into
the sauce holder and then you put the
vanilla into the other sauce holder and
then you go find a show on Netflix to
binge you take these babies to bed and
you eat them all and then when people
call you to say Shane where are you it's
been three weeks we haven't heard from
you you say I've just been working okay
let's put these in the microwave while
those are melting let me show you guys
my new cups dick and cunt Cheers okay so
I just put these things in the microwave
for literally like five minutes and
nothing happened
which makes me think it's not food
actually this one got a little squishy
this one did nothing but you know what
we're gonna make it work
so I think what happens next I think we
put it into this bag because I don't
know this shit always looks better in a
bag and that's how babies are made
alright you just squish it all to the
bottom I guess and then just put these
in there too but not really melted I
guess I could just snack on them no but
what fucking made it that was amazing
alright let's put these in here I guess
then look that's how twins are made
alright squish it in there squish it all
around
let's make triplets alright so now that
we got our bag filled what the fuck do
we do oh we put this here and fucking
drip on it what is happening what are
these these are just snacks I don't
understand
Oh
okay okay now I get it okay so I think
you fill up this little bear with
chocolate like this yeah you know you
just figure it out okay looking good and
then I think you press this in here no
that was wrong shit okay I think you put
this in first and then you squish the
chocolate on uh-huh
and you just press in there and that's
how you kill your triplets okay I think
now we put this in the microwave I
didn't read that anywhere I'm just
guessing
oh god you do not put that in the
microwave it started catching on fire
okay that almost burned the place down
so I guess you just blow on it and then
you're good to go
I don't know this is is this decoration
maybe yeah little sprinkles oh that made
it prettier and then I guess that this
is a yes this is it it should look like
a koala bear huh it's like you're
watching the fucking Animal Planet right
it's burning my fingers okay so now I
just have to eat this bad boy and
honestly listen it looks disgusting what
looks aren't everything it's what's on
the inside that counts
said ugly people now how bout good this
big it's just chocolate and some white
substance and some sprinkles it smell
like fish I'm sure it's gonna be great
maybe if I put this other one and make
it like a sandwich
yeah that's worse Bon Appetit or
whatever they say in Japan wait hold on
hold on good thing I can turn this
around to be a bark up um mmm let me do
ya let me just take you through it now
you buy in to what seems to be a cookie
but it tastes like a potato and then you
get to the chocolate which looks like
chocolate tastes like hobo feet and then
you get to that white substance which
has no taste which is scarier I would
rather have something taste like fish
then tastes like nothing
what the hell is that oh I was real bad
I don't those yellow sprinkle forever
hold on Oh lemon who put lemon on top of
that well who would even eat that who
would eat any of this though I don't
know is this for people do people eat
this the sunset little can't go to
school with a handful of these and
everybody else is eating their fucking
you lose
and fucking Lunchables and in this kids
like hold on I got a fucking mixed up my
chocolate put on top my cookies make a
pan out hey Peter do you have a
microwave pop and kitchen you guys are
fucked up where are you guys go that was
trying whatever the hell that was let me
know what else I should try I'll see
this video thumbs up and subscribe got
me do the other fucking night and if you
want to see me make more pop and cook in
kitchens choc and whatever the fuck I
put a link down there to a playlist and
I'm going to go clean off my fingers and
wish I never did this bike Kelsey wants
to know is there any youtubers that you
hate oh man okay
heat is a strong word I dislike a lot of
youtubers but not I don't just like
youtubers well oh God
whoa what am i doing okay
