hey guys guess what there's a new
podcast out and I'm here with miss fame
drag race Andrew we did a whole bog
inside my drag race talk about tucking
our penises and our balls we talked
about sex we talked about drew smelly
penis and we even performed a song so go
check it out LinkedIn like shady friends
can't wait
talk hey guys yes I have officially ran
out of wardrobe options I don't know
what this is it's like something hot
topic throughout ten years ago which is
also my haircut and my everything
anyways let's get to the Q&A so I went
on Twitter and I said hey what do you
guys want to know and you guys went
we're good so then I went on snapchat
and I said hey what do you guys want to
know and you were like send me nudes so
then I just having to go to my YouTube
comments and I'm getting the questions
from there Trinity wants to know hey
Shea what's your favorite muscle to work
out I know you guys think always gonna
do a dick joke you're gonna talk about
juking of but you're wrong I actually
work out yeah I lift bro I lift that
Chipotle bowl all the way from the
restaurant to my car which is far and
then I lift my hand to get a fork and
then I lift that into my mouth and then
I watch 600-pound life and say you know
what it could be worse
but in all seriousness my favorite
muscle to work out as much yeah if you
keep saying it like that Shane nobody's
ever gonna want to lick it spookie wants
to know hey here's a serious question
how do you feel knowing so many kids
look up to you as a hero oh they should
look up to spider-man he's awesome I
can't do anything like that that's
sticky fingers but that's for a whole
nother reason but in all seriousness I
think it's really sweet I kind of you
know I like it because I feel like yes
I'm a bad person we know that so you
should really look up to me but
career-wise I think I work hard and I
made a movie and I've done a lot of shit
and tried really hard to make good shit
and I think that is something to look up
to and that makes me feel good maybe one
day one of you guys will grow up and be
a filmmaker and I'll be old and dead and
then I'll hear you from heaven or hell
on a talk show and they'll be like what
inspired you to make movies and you'd be
like this guy Shane Dawson and then I'll
be like oh and I won't haunt you all the
other assholes I'm gonna hunt the shit
out of you young dick money wants to
know it's a good name if you could save
one Kardashian and kill the rest who
would you save excluding Bruce oh that's
hard because Bruce is the only one I
care about I guess I would save
him and the only reason is because Kim
is with Kanye and now that Kim is with
Kanye Kanye is kind of stop being such
an asshole I mean he's still a body part
but it's not an asshole he's more of a
dick but a shriveled dick he's not that
big of a dick anymore what are we
talking about not Beyonce wants to know
who's your favorite drag queen on drag
race okay my favorite drag queen right
now is probably ginger she's the big
girl but she's kind of been country
lately I don't know oh no no no not
ginger pearl I love pearl pearl is like
on crack or something but like not
really but kind of and she's always like
would love it so I'm gonna go with
cracky and fatty they should get
together and start like a drag queen -
oh crap huge fatty fat cracky I could
join sad that crappy once again what am
I talking about
potato says can you strip for us okay
I'm gonna be real with you guys I feel
like you don't quite understand my body
you know there is this
you guys are like Oh daddy fuck me ooh
daddy put your dick in my mouth
Oh daddy step for me if you knew what
you had here to work with you would be
running away from Daddy you'll be
running into mommy's arms like what if I
actually was like okay meet me at a
hotel room little girl and I fucking
crawled up on you with my hook an old
man hairy body
fucking just started licking you with my
old man fucking licky tongue like it's
the grossest thing ever
not just a legal fucking gross have
higher standards for yourself go fuck
one of those vine kids the only thing we
have in common is we both last six
seconds so depressing Julie wants to
know what do you think about Kylie
Jenner becoming a youtuber in June wait
what oh no she gonna vlog that's gonna
be hard for her though because you can't
really face tuna vlog and girl the face
- and she uses fuck the lip challenge we
should try the Kylie Jenner face - and
challenge just literally make a
different person Shakira wants to know
what is your favorite song at the moment
I really like that new Nicki Minaj song
that mom made by Leigh about mommy which
by the way is such a better song if you
imagine her singing edamame I'll chew it
up and throw it all away like edamame
like
they sad part is I thought really hard
about that man car yesterday I was like
that's what the song should be about
that'll be a hit I'll stick to YouTube
Manny wants to know what apps do you use
don't really use apps this isn't really
a funny answer I use my fitness pal
which is like where I track my food I
use GrubHub which is where I order food
and then I go back to my fitness pal and
I pretend like I ate just a grilled
chicken patty when a reality I had a
fraud yoga so I would use uber a lot I
never use face student before I don't
even know what that does and I also use
timehop which is that app word like
tells you what you're doing a year ago
by the way this is not a sponsored video
I feel like every time I say something
you guys like sponsored not sponsored
two years ago I was doing the chubby
bunny challenge
Oh how things have changed not at all
Kelsey wants to know is there any
youtubers that you hate oh man
okay hate is a strong word I dislike a
lot of youtubers but not I don't just
like youtubers
well Oh God Oh what am i doing okay
YouTube is kind of like people assume
YouTube is like a community like
everybody loves it out there this is not
true because we're all in competition
with each other I mean not really like I
don't really consider you know like
Trish competition because we do
different things and I don't really
consider like rickey dillion competition
or jelly because we do different things
but there is a competition element I
don't like youtubers who are like all
about themselves and there's a lot of it
I'm not gonna name names or anything but
there are a lot of youtubers especially
like the new crop of YouTube like the
younger ones who are kind of like crazy
and they think there are geniuses and
they're kind of delusional and they
think they rule the world and all their
Instagram pictures are like look out
famous I am so I don't hate those people
but I definitely don't get it but I
think what I hate even more is the
youtubers who are from a long time ago
who always go on Twitter rants like I
missed the YouTube community I miss one
as a community girl it was never a
community you were always an asshole you
were like let's keep it real these
people all I miss when we were a family
bitch what kind of dysfunctional family
were we those people are annoying
because those are just people who like I
don't know I don't know what I'm saying
anyways no I don't hate anybody I
dislike a lot of the new youtubers who
are kind of assholes like let's keep it
real there's a lot of assholes but
there's also a lot of really sweet ones
anybody I've ever clogged with or had a
man
podcaster tweeted with most likely those
are sweet ones fucking Trish is amazing
jenna Marbles is amazing Joey's amazing
although 12 kids are sweet Jen expand
Andrea Russett I don't know I love a lot
of them the ones I don't know like that
much I've never really met I've only
like seen the way they treat people at
like VidCon and stuff and they're just
assholes I feel like I'm gossiping
alright let's stop yes there's a lot of
assholes but there's a lot of sweet
people it's just like the world no you
know it's just like high school I'm the
sad principal who needs to quit well
there you guys go
that was sick you and I hopefully you
enjoyed that I'm gonna go I love you
guys so much make sure you give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe and do
all that shit and I will see you guys
tomorrow
I I don't hate you I love you some of
you though I probably hate cuz there's a
lot of mean comments down there but I
still love you anyways but I secretly
hate you and want you to die bye
Wow maybe I am in love with my friends
maybe every time I collab with them I
wish I was collabing with them and maybe
if we filmed those collabs we would get
a lot more views and money and I sleep
better hello Joey
wanna fuck mm-hmm yeah on camera hello
I've got to get new friends
