Charlie Charlie are you here
this shit sucks hey what's up you guys I
don't know about you but I have a lot of
nightmares pretty much every night it's
actually a problem I haven't slept in
three years but I've never actually
looked into why I have them or what they
mean so I thought today might be the
perfect time to do that I just want to
sleep at some point in my life let's do
it all right I wrote down a list of my
dreams and then I wanted to try to
analyze them with you my first dream I
had I had sex with all of my friends at
once they were all giving it to me so
let's see sex with friends dreams a lot
of porn the pops up isn't there
she probably private this window all
right here we go to dream that you are
having sex with friends refers to the
closeness that you share with your
friends oh because you guys share so
much together it's depicted as sex in
your dreams there also might be a level
of attraction between you and your
friends but you're too afraid to act on
it Wow
maybe I am in love with my friends maybe
every time I collab with them I wish I
was collabing with them and maybe if we
filmed those collabs we would get a lot
more views and money and I'd sleep
better hello Joey want to fuck
mm-hmm yeah on camera hello got to get
new friends my next dream is that I was
eating food and there's a whole bunch of
bugs in them so let's see what that
means probably that I should stop eating
at Chipotle now I tell a lot of
cockroaches in my dream so I'm gonna
read that to see a cockroach in your
dream symbolizes uncleanliness hey it
also signifies longevity you need to
re-evaluate your major aspects of your
life alternatively the dream represents
an undesirable aspect of yourself in
which you need to confront a roach maybe
a pun on smoking marijuana what so
basically I need to clean my house and
smoke more weed I can do that my next
dream is that my mom kills me I had this
dream at least once a week um and in the
dream she punches me in the head so hard
I die so let's see what that is to dream
that your mother is trying to kill you
probably reflects your anxiety over the
real life relationship with your mother
something she's been doing possibly
restricting you in some way threatens
your emotional happiness I should
probably stop reading this and talk to
my mom mom yeah I'm having dreams that
you're trying to kill me yeah uh you
punch my head so hard I die
Oh Oh you want to okay okay all right
probably get new mom okay my next dream
is something I know a lot of you guys
also have every night pretty much I have
a dream that all my teeth fall out
either I pull them out or I'm chewing
food and then like they start to come
out of my mouth
I'm really scared what it's gonna say
because I do have that dream a lot and
if it symbolizes something bad well that
sucks having a dream about your teeth
falling out reflects your anxieties
about your appearance and how others
perceive you oh that's so sad and true
these dreams may stem from a fear of
rejection sex and the consequences of
getting old why am I doing this
another rationalization of your teeth
falling out might be because you have
embarrassed or made a fool of yourself
in some situation like every day the
loss of your teeth may be a loss of
power in your life you may be
experiencing feelings of lack of
confidence with your life or the
relationships in your life
yeah we're fucked I'm gonna do one more
because this is getting extremely
depressing okay the other dream I had a
lot is uh eating all the food in my
fridge literally in my dream I will
stand at the fridge and I will eat
everything the entire thing and if I
don't eat the entire thing and I wake up
to go pee I'm so mad at myself and I'm
like what did I do I left the sheet cake
in there the sheet cakes gonna get eaten
by somebody else's dream that's actually
probably more of a me problem than a
dream problem let's read it anyways
having refrigerator in your dream can
mean that you have a cold personality
yikes it also could mean that you're
very open okay that's true it might also
mean that you're dispassionate about
things in life and that you need to be
more open this makes no fucking sense if
the refrigerator is full of leftovers
that might mean you have a lot of
resentment or it's somebody in your life
you also are losing emotion have a bad
sex life and are being way too cold to
people around you nailed it
well that was depressing I guess I'll
never sleep again let me know down in
the comments if you guys had any dreams
like that or tell me what your dreams
were and maybe I'll analyze them for you
and by me I mean I'll go on Google and
do it alright you guys hope you had fun
during let me add fun dream with you and
I'll see you tomorrow make sure you this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
I make you just every single day because
I don't sleep bye
my teeth are falling out I'm kidding I'm
not dreaming right now
you're dreaming this is all been a
nightmare wake up wake up I'm kidding
it's just me I'm sorry
go back to sleep did you see what he
says I bet I got the one
why do you switch everything around to
get the flavor oh we will we talk about
how you meet up with this sensation I'll
give you liquid and your mouth - you go
everywhere
so you have to look at it everywhere
