hold on like my Jesus candle we need the
Lord on our side we have to hold it
I actually feel we're developing here
okay no that's where it's fine I like
trying new things but it's just I feel
like there's like little things I can do
hey what's up guys welcome back to you
what the fuck dude my name is Dustin I'm
secretly an assassin oh I am such a
fucking nerd but this is what the fuck
news where we talk about the shit crazy
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first story that has
been all over the internet this week is
the Charlie Charlie challenge and if
you're anything like me and you have
absolutely no idea what the fuck the
Charlie Charlie challenge is basically
it's where you try to summon a Mexican
demon okay why I'm not cutting off
circulation to your lips or setting
yourself on fire was done but now we're
trying to summon demons fly but
obviously nothing terrible happened
because of the challenge but I can't
help laughing imagining if something
actually did happen hey guys so I'm
building the Charlie Charlie challenge
plus like what kind of a demon name is
Charlie it's like the least threatening
demon name of all time hey guys I'm
Charlie the demon oh wait it's a Mexican
demon isn't it yo guys my name is
Charlie the challenge is done by putting
a pencil on top of another pencil on top
of a drawn game board of sort and then
by chanting Charlie Charlie are you here
and if the pencil moves to yes that
means he's there Wow some people have
tried to use the challenge to see when
the next My Chemical Romance album is
going to be released all others have
used it to try to see which member of
one direction and going to marry but
apparently the challenges stop when you
say Charlie Charlie kill me stop which
is apparently supposed to close some
sort of demon portal or something yeah I
don't I don't fucking know apparently no
people claim that Charlie is the name of
a kid who died several hundred years ago
in Mexico and who likes playing games
what people don't know is that that's
actually not true at all and that the
whole myth was just made up but the
whole thing just made me realize that we
live in a day and age now where almost
anything can be considered a challenge
anymore hey guys so I'm filming the
Windex challenge where you just have to
hold Windex on your hand for four
seconds oh my god I did it Internet just
stop making dumb challenges please just
stop next what the fuck news a man in
China was caught earlier this week
sneaking into women's bathrooms
eating shit I don't mean you know
falling down I literally I literally
mean he was eating shit feces fecal
matter poopy but now that we have that
cleared up what the fuck is wrong with
this guy the Chinese man claims that he
has been sneaking into women's bathrooms
for over eight years and eating the
leftover shit that girls leave in the
toilet sometimes two apparently he would
bust in on a lady while she was on the
toilet scare her away and then eat her
shit and obviously I'm not a girl but I
think honestly in this situation a girl
would rather have a guy trying to sneak
into a bathroom to try to pervo them and
to have a guy sneak into the bathroom to
try to eat their shit I don't know maybe
that's just me I don't know anyways
defense and poop gobbler as I'm calling
them has not been arrested yet because
he was actually caught by a reporter who
asked the man what he was doing to which
he replied I was eating poop totally
dude just so nonchalant yeah I'm just
eating some poop no big deal pinche ass
what's in your hand to which he replies
it's shit my question that was just why
is this enjoyable print like that can't
be good for your breath anyways time
will tell whether the turd burglar is
stopped or not so if you live in Mequon
Dom Providence of China
make sure to flush twice in one what the
fuck news a man was so angry this last
week in a Charlotte North Carolina
Airport and he took off all of his
clothes in protest that his flight was
overbooked what for some reason that
just really does not seem like the
appropriate response like I've never met
anyone in my entire life that took off
all of their clothes because they're
angry I asked for no tomatoes kept on I
can't get past this level but I swear to
god man why are we at a gay bar
ah okay John not here oh hell in there
just seems counterproductive a witness
to the 50-plus year old man naked said
he had his clothes on and then he
started hollering at the lady at the
dance he stood there for like a moment
and then he started taking his clothes
off I ain't never seen nothing like that
in my life hi thank you that was
definitely the witness's voice
apparently Ben the man stood there naked
in the concourse for about 40 minutes
until the police came and escorted him
away I may not understand why he did it
but I do have to say this guy's some
serious balls I wouldn't know
as one about 70 other men women and
children who were in the concourse at
the time hey mom what is that guy's
balls look like a bag of shrivel grapes
I don't know son
don't look at it lastly and some movie
news the trailer for the second Maze
Runner movie was just released and
that's someone who didn't really read
the books but just saw the movie it's
actually looks pretty good so I just
really hope they make it better in the
next movie and have it be an actually
good sequel to a movie unlike New Moon
was to Twilight I mean what I don't
watch Twilight you probably watch
Twilight that's I don't know I don't do
that yeah like Twilight what is that I
don't I don't know yeah now it's not
like I watched it a hundred times now it
does not mean that definitely didn't do
that so um yeah
also some set photos were leaked of
Jared Leto as the Joker the new Suicide
Squad movie which just confirms that the
photo that we saw a couple weeks ago of
him was actually real my personal
favorite photo that was leaked is
probably this one because no caption
could ever explain what the fuck he's
doing and lastly it was announced that
there's going to be a League of
Extraordinary Gentlemen lis boot soon
which I'm actually very excited about
and actually I really like the first
movie even though you're probably
sitting there like I've never heard of
that movie in my life I still really
liked it even though Rotten Tomatoes
gave it a 17 percent that's so bad
anyways the movie is rumored to come out
sometime in 2016 that is it for this
episode
what the fuck news i watch another day
for you guys is what is the grossest
thing that you've ever eaten I hope it
wasn't shit leave your answers in the
comments down below all of these stories
as always or in the description down
below as well as all my links before you
guys go make sure to check out my newest
video on my collaboration channel with
my friend Nathan where we talk about the
things that we learn from video games
another thing that video games taught me
is that skill levels don't exist in real
life
yeah like in no way could you ever be
sneaky enough for this to happen
who's there
must be the wind but I'll see you next
week for yet another what-the-fuck news
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
oh god I'm aroused right now there's
like a girl dancing butt-naked and then
I just heard like three guys behind me
like where the ball right where the ball
right next thing that video games made
me realize is that you can't hide from
police by hiding in a bush or just being
right outside the police's radius inside
you
