I don't think he's Mexican today ask
Siri Charlie Charlie are you there
wherever you are that's where I am
that's scary
bitch hey guys how are you doing I'm
doing pretty good I'm just like living
my life and like you know just try to be
a queen just trying to slay honestly
just slag all day like I can't stop slag
oh yeah so I have a really bad sinus
infection I don't know how I got it I
guess I had a cold and then it turned
into his eye disinfection I don't know
anyways I'm trying to get rid of it as
fast as I can so I'm putting a lot of
things up my nose taking a lot of drugs
and I'm doing a lot of white dragon
google it so drew is on his way over
we're gonna make some videos and then
we're gonna go to oh god sorry I was
just like cleaning up my sink and then I
realized I'm cleaning up snot and that
made me wanna throw up anyways yeah
Drew's coming over we're gonna film some
videos and then we got invited to The
Fast and the Furious 7 premiere so we're
gonna go to that and hopefully see Vin
Diesel or Chris Rock for ludic Christ
I've never seen the movies I have no
idea all I know is I feel like it's
gonna be really depressing because Paul
Walker's dead so I feel like there's
gonna be some kind of a funeral and then
I feel really out of place cuz I feel
like all the people in the audience are
gonna be like family and friends and
then me and you were gonna be like we
loved him and Joyride so it's gonna be
awkward but I do miss Paul Walker I mean
meet the diesels guys if you haven't
seen it just keep watching Joyride
alright so I'm going to go get ready
uh-huh
Drew's here hey guys blazer boys are
back blazing out are you vlogging the
experience blogging the experience we're
on our way to a big big Hollywood
premiere with the big Hollywood people
and they somehow accidentally invited us
and that ass guys we got our tickets we
got our tickets purchased alright we're
inside the theater my ticket was right
behind Mark Wahlberg's that was very
exciting
I have want habit popcorn what I won't
have it pop or have it for awesome I
agree eat it fast and furious work guys
we're in the theater
Drew's already eaten three bags of
popcorn about two for me yeah he
literally left me in the middle of the
theater I'm like there's a caldas random
people everywhere and then I'm like we
drew and then he's gone where is he to
get more hot corn oh sorry I just wanted
more pop phone okay so they split up the
premiere into like 16 different theaters
so we're like in what I'm assuming is
the vlogger section slash make-a-wish
kids foundation assuming that's what
we're we're in so there's no finding
soul so we're gonna have to walk around
and find him is he in this movie movie
bullet uh-huh we also got tickets to the
after-party
that's what I'm into I mean that
after-party though and I'm pretty sure
that that lesbian girl is gonna be with
Zac Efron and we're gonna get something
you know man oh you're dating I think so
no I've watched you interview with her
she really works on her character and
actually writes some of her own lines
cuz she wants female characters to be
more strong and independent I'm serious
that's how you were not cool he wanted
your female character be strong oh yeah
so we're having fun we're eating all
their free food and drinking their free
drinks and then we're gonna go stalk
celebrities and get kicked out Oh ever
feel like your hair isn't greasy enough
you can do is put your hands under the
popcorn buttering thing hold it for ten
seconds and just wipe down a little bit
good to know
okay guys the movie just finished now
we're on our way to a big fancy
Hollywood party and me for me hat fish
is right in front of us okay this movie
I actually got into it
ya know ya thought you were gonna hate
it you liked it I thought it was good I
mean I'm not into these kind of movies
really but no for what it was I thought
it was really kind of ridiculous see she
agrees all right are you shooting the
video it's too late she's already in it
stand in front of the big white furious
okay big white theory is start calling
me that here we are standing on the wall
very comfortable I saw the woman from
inside
I also saw some chicken and I
I want a picture with that dancer go get
it actually don't I had a panic attack
just walking in
hey guys it is the next day um I forgot
to wrap up the vlog at the end of the
night so that night showed me one thing
which was I am NOT Hollywood
I'm not even LA I'm wherever the closest
Piggly Wiggly is it's so bizarre like
okay so I'm at this premiere which you
know was fun and I'm so happy that I was
invited but with the after-party which
by the way Paul Walker's dead right
incredibly depressing I feel like
everybody like we're all kind of sad
about it but then like you get to this
afterparty
I mean technically the premiere was the
funeral of Paul Walker like it's the
last time we're seeing him on screen
like I feel like we were all sad about
it and he walked into the the
after-party and there's like a girl
dancing butt-naked and then I just heard
like three guys behind me like where the
ball where the ball right I'm like
really
I guess though it funerals they do have
food I don't know about you but the last
funeral I went to they had Subway
sandwiches and I was like really bitch
are you trying to kill me now because
one bite of that and bitch I did so I
don't know it was it was interesting
anyways the movie was awesome and it was
very very good to see Paul walk around
the screen even though it was creepy at
some points because it was CGI and I was
a little bit like whoa it was still
really cool and also Charlie puth who is
a youtuber who did my Shane and Friends
theme song and stuff his fucking song
played at the end of the movie
his song like I heard his voice and I
was like is that Jana friends and then
I'm like wait what yeah what make it
some Modi I need to get him a call all
right you guys I'm gonna go hope you
have fun hang with me I'd fun hang with
you rest in peace Paul Walker I loved
you in joy ride now too much meat the
Deedle so joy ride was amazing
and that's so sad I had a moment when we
were watching the movie where I was just
like oh fuck he's gone it's very bizarre
to watch it would be like you watching a
youtube video after I died it's like but
he's right here but he's dead but he's
gone but I'm watching it's very weird
it's skit sad very sad well now that I'm
depressed I'm gonna go I love you guys
pretty woman wonder where my secrets
lies that sounds like poetry to me cuz I
don't know what kind of a youtube
comment that would be I don't know that
many YouTube girls that have secrets I
know a lot of you boys that have secret
oh let's move
