heyit's if you guys I don't know about
you but I like to spend a lot of time
ignoring the comment section on every
single website ever mainly because it's
all fat delete no one never gets old
anyways I decided to do a little quiz
cuz I thought it was funny it's called a
youtube comment or poetry let's say we
can guess who you know we need some
poetic music roll it pretty woman wonder
where my secrets lies that sounds like
poetry to me cuz I don't know what kind
of a youtube comment that would be I
don't know that many YouTube girls that
have secrets I know a lot of you boys
that have secrets I'm correct
it's from Maya Angelou's poem phenomenal
woman vomit the second she starts to
complain that is definitely a youtube
comment and it was definitely probably
for me
I definitely need a haircut I'm correct
it's a comment from Lauren Conrad it's
not a youtuber but I definitely
understand this comment because the fact
that she complains about anything when
she's famous for literally doing nothing
bitch you live in the dream it felt like
the piss would determine the fate of the
world that's poetry and that strikes
home for me I know that feeling when I
go to the toilet sometimes when I've
been holding it on pee for like 12 hours
don't ask why sometimes I just like the
rush and I let out that big stream like
I'm just jumping out a gallon of curdled
milk and it's just all splits and
splashing it ricocheting back at me oh
god I hope that's Maya Angelou we on the
same level girl oh no I'm wrong but it
never felt so right
it is funny you will be dead someday
definitely you do comment and I
definitely have gotten I think my
favorite are lol I hope you get cancer
or oMFG kill yourself roflcopter
although I bet I could probably
roflcopter myself to death hmm I should
try that I'm wrong it was an EE Cummings
poem Wow
well you know what we should prove them
wrong we should make that the top
comment on this video so that when
strangers come across the video they say
well it would be funny if shade was dead
I have a fucked up life I can hear them
now the heartless bitches okay that's
definitely a poem but I definitely
use that on a lot of youtubers pages all
the prank videos like if you were like
hey guys we're gonna go prank this lady
and then they're like punch her in the
head they're like you got pranked it's
not a prank that's you punching some
lady in the head actually I click on
that wrong it's a poem
oh no I'm bad at this what is a lip I
only have a tiny hole in my mouth that
has sad hmm I relate to that I don't
have a top lip you guys might not know
that but if I turn to the side it's gone
but I do have that juicy bottom though
correct it was a bad
who is video about Kylie Jenner's lips
no I wish that hole would stop making so
much sound
whoever's room this is should be ashamed
that it's definitely a youtube comment
and it is probably on one of those
shitty ass room tours that all those
makeup gurus - hey guys this is my room
this is my 24 karat gold bed this is my
$18,000 dresser with all my really
expensive underwear within it and this
is honestly probably where I'm gonna die
one day because my parents are gonna
come into my room and I'm sleeping
middle night cover my head with a pillow
and suffocate me that Jap hi kid we can
only help wrong it's a poem oh I'm done
okay last one I hope my good old asshole
holds out I'm gonna go with poem because
I've been wrong before and I feel like
it's a comment but I'm gonna go against
that good poem I'm right it's from a
poem about a butthole god I need to read
more poetry because that's beautiful
really do wish my old asshole holds out
I heard that when you hit like age 50
your asshole just starts to fall out and
then you have to wear a diaper oh
actually a diaper then I wouldn't have
to hold in my pee I could just pee all
day I love poetry where guys go
hopefully you enjoyed that make sure to
leave a comment down there and tell me
to die okay I want to go to SeaWorld and
to Florida hello why I mean no offense
to Florida but I mean even the girls
that live there like why I also want to
go to Disneyworld
oh and it ends by saying Shane's
feelings with a sad face that's my next
book title
