hey what's up guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you what the fuck fuck
I'm just wondering if it is hotter than
a demon's taint in my studio right now
so don't be surprised if we see the
return of steam anyway thank you so much
to xodar Zillah top on the suggestion
for this week's video you can leave your
own suggestion for a future with the pup
5 so make sure to leave those in the
comments down below but without further
ado for today's date of a 5 we countdown
the 5 weirdest things people have bought
online
it is nothing to think that a place that
we all enjoy so much with amazing
personalities multiplayer game
experiences communicating with friends
can also be a place where one could
purchase owl vomit in a jar wolf urine
and a pet rock you can plug into your
computer why I don't fucking know
doesn't do anything so great that's
number one on this list is an imaginary
friend yeah now this is this is real but
like who in their right mind would make
this post
I'm selling my imaginary friend yeah
really like sweets's puffs the cereal ah
he's a little racist but just a little
his favorite movie is Shaun of the death
and he loved Latino movies like even if
I believe that imaginary friends were
real you can't just sell someone man
there's a little thing called slavery a
while ago people didn't take too kindly
to it I think my favorite part about
this post is that the seller also
included a picture of the imaginary
friends I gotta say he really got his
good side in this picture I mean damn
look at that guy right what's worse
about this we'll know is that someone
actually bought him for how much you
might ask oh you know just a measly
$3,000 what the fuck that imaginary
person is worth more than my network I
don't know how a person could have a
negative network but apparently I do
anyways that's really the last update
that we have on this story so I don't
really assume that the imaginary
character whose name is John now PMON
apparently has found a new home and is
as happy as an imaginary character could
be number 2 a ghost in a jar so you
believe this in Arkansas Eve a user in
2003 sold a jar on eBay that he claimed
to find in an abandoned Cemetery that
since he picked up had been haunting him
and terrorizing his life and instead of
calling the Ghostbusters or Ed Lorraine
Warren or the psychic twins the eBay
user decided instead to sell it it
passed the curse off to someone else
stating in his post that he would not be
held responsible for anything that might
happen to the buyer interestingly enough
though the jars sold for a staggering
fifty five thousand nine hundred and
ninety two dollars but unfortunately B
buyer didn't pay for it so chances are
it is still stuck with a guy who is
trying to sell it but honestly why would
you want to buy this who's just like
yeah I love demons I love meat with that
it's real real fun real fun for the
whole family
I don't know is that whoever wanted to
buy this was going to give it as a gift
to someone else you know like oh my god
reckon you made it I know we kind of
broke up suddenly last year I just hope
there's no bad blood between us Oh in
fact I actually brought you again thank
you no problem
number three the bumper jumper dare have
to take a massive shit when you're
traveling on the road are you too afraid
to poop in the wood because you're
afraid of rattlesnake will bite you in
your scrotum or labia majora do you have
a pickup truck well then you're in luck
introducing the bumper dumper a useless
is fuck product that attaches the toilet
to your back bumper Wow it's almost like
the person who made this has never heard
of a fucking rest stop but essentially
all it is is a bucket you can attach to
the back of your bumper for a reasonable
$70 like you sees this it's like what's
my soul I gotta get me one available I
shit on the daily that will never have
to be in fear of shit myself on the
highway oh yeah like what are you
supposed to do with your shit fill
bucket just leave it in your truck hey
Brad what's that Oh what the fuck
also never mind how dumb the product is
let's talk about this fucking website
was this made in fucking 1996 and even
worse is the commercial that was made
for it now you always have a place to go
it's the ultimate portable toilet for
the outdoors the original bumper dumper
is made in the USA it easily mounts into
most standard 2x2 square hitch receivers
the patented frame can use most standard
and elongated toilet seats
fana what if the guy was close enough to
the microphone is reporting that bumper
dumper is the best dang product I've
ever heard of oh but hey it's not all
that you double the bumper dumper as a
disciplinary tool for the kids
heyday sisters split off when you hit a
bump oh well she was my least favorite
wife anyways now shut your ass or you're
next on the bumper dumper number for
getting Kanye West out of debts and he
might be like wait Kanye West is in debt
no that's why this is stupid but you may
remember back in February of last year
when Kanye announced that he was in debt
fifty three million dollars apparently
there are several factors contributed to
death from a failed record label to a
failed clothing line fans of Kanye even
went absolutely nuts and decided to
start a GoFundMe page to raise funds to
get Kanye out of debt and the envy
GoFundMe page raised only and I say only
seven thousand three hundred and eighty
three dollars out of the fifty three
million dollar goal I don't think they
made the goal but here's the thing why
it's not just that this is ridiculous
but you also got to realize money to a
normal person is like after bills will I
have enough money to eat this month
looks like no cool Top Ramen it is money
for Kanye West is like how many twenty
dollar bills can I wipe my ass with
today how many trips to the moon can I
take this week seventeen cool and then
what he's like oh no I only have 67
million dollars in my savings right now
I'm so poor it's a good thing I'm a god
everybody says who does he think he is I
just told you who I thought I was I got
all he has to do in that situation is
literally sneeze on a rap beat or
fucking take a song that we already love
and just wrap over it hey it's Kanye
West thanks for buying my new single
voila
he's a millionaire good anyways Kanye
and his team actually took notice of the
page last year made a statement saying
he doesn't want any of the money and
wants to actually send the money from
the crowdfunding page two notes four
notes charity which is an organization
that builds recording studios since so
many of them are burned down every year
when someone records a fire mixtape
yeah that joke was pretty bad that joke
was so bad that I literally entered it
cricket sounds in there two seconds ago
no more stupid pun jokes Destry stop it
finally number five beet juice cero so
this is something you could actually
still buy it is quite honestly more
useless than a Bluetooth connected
fidgets pin which exists it was very
close to making it on this list so why
is this thing so useless I mean let's
fancy enough right well it should
because it's $400 wow I better like
sense his fruit nearby and then like
teleports them into the juicer and then
makes fresh juice right no but that does
sound sick the juicer oh is a juicer
that you can only operate from an app on
your phone and will only work with
juicer Oh branded juice packets that
cost between six and eight dollars per
pack Blumberg actually wrote an article
stating that the juice from the packet
tastes pretty much the same as just
putting the juice to the device so
really the only point of buying the $400
device that claimed it was
revolutionising how you consume juice
what's to squish a juice packet into a
cup worth it originally the juicer o is
funded on Kickstarter that raised over
12 million dollars over the course of
its Kickstarter campaign and what's
exercised is that the video that they
use to explain the juice row now has
over 9000 dislikes and only 1000 likes
and they've disabled their comments on
the video oh come on it's funny because
every comment was like this product
fucking sucks the best part about the
video though is probably this part our
founder Doug is straight-up made of
juice literally there's juice in my bags
well I got juice in your brain too is
that ain't working for shit
unfortunately the juicer Oh has stopped
making and shipping its products and is
looking to sell their company you know
this is actually inspired me to create a
useless product as well
I call it rainwater I had to spell it
weird cuz all new companies are like
look at us we don't it weird how
innovative rainwater it's like water
but from the sky here at rainwater we
fucking hate Lakes so we literally have
50 different people at any given time
running around with buckets trying to
collect rain for you to drink
just listen to these testimonies
it tastes literally no different from
normal water rainwater fuck Lakes
anyways that is it for this episode of
what the fuck five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
this video a like and also subscribe to
the channel as there will be more every
single week we made it to the end of the
video and I don't see a single pit stay
nice my question of the day for you guys
is what is the weirdest thing that
you've ever bought online
oh so before you guys go make sure to
check out my new what the fuck news on
my channel we talked about PewDiePie and
what he said on a stream we talked about
Ted Cruz liking poor on Twitter and
there's a couple other stories so make
sure to check that out and description
down below that's it guys I'll see you
next time for another one's about 5
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
