hey guys so today I thought I'd do
something kind of fun and possibly
scarring emotionally uh but maybe sweet
no mostly scarring my mom sent me some
pictures of my old diary that I used to
keep I mean journal journal okay it was
a diary and had a Barbie on it leave me
alone
anyways my mom sent some pictures of my
old diary and I'm going to read the
pages I have not read it I don't know
what it says I'm assuming it's gonna be
either really hilarious or really
depressing I'll let you decide oh my god
there's so many in the picture of my
mom's but I don't know okay this one is
from 1997 so I was 9 mom oh this is a
letter to my mom that's sweet we are
trying to save all of our money to go to
Hawaii and fly over Maui it'll be fun I
want to gay this my coming out I want to
get out I want to go to SeaWorld and to
Florida Oh
why I mean no offense to Florida but I
mean even the girls that live there like
why I also want to go to Disney World
oh and it ends by saying Shane's
feelings with a sad face that's my next
book title alright here's the next one
today is nice for me and my mom I got
doughnuts oh that's how it started I
learned doremi on the piano oh my god I
remember this day oh my god this is
bringing me back oh I don't wanna go
back I went to the park to eat and
express my feelings by eating I got a
journal I feel odd about this situation
I think it was a mistake my mom told me
it was special though I'm at the park
writing I am happy today oh that's so
sweet
didn't last oh my god okay so this is a
picture that I drew a guy that I wanted
my mom to me because you know I always
want her to have a husband so it says
nice not too nerdy athletic respect
looks good care core I don't know what
that says beautiful music goes to parks
no alcohol and it says something in the
bottom I can't read but I'm guessing big
dick oh I love that I always wanted my
mom to get that deep today I was excited
to go to school and stay home Tuesday my
life is changing but it's working okay
my mom is not working at Macy's anymore
by the way I love that I put a little
star instead of an apostrophe what a
queen she works at Circuit City
oh that's out of business I say God does
the exact opposite it's mysterious
pS I don't know how to spell Church
today I was sleeping half of the day wow
I am so cool I think I had fun at the
park little did she know that he would
grow up to sleep even more during the
day and never go to the park because
that's too active my day was nice I
found a picture album I'm tired
shit I slept a lot maybe I was a
narcoleptic next year we will have a guy
we are going to see Rugrats the movie oh
I remember that I was like mom I want to
miss you Rugrats movie she's like only
if I find a husband and that didn't
happen
1998 dear journal today was ok but I got
frustrated because in computer class a
girl named Brenda was so annoying I just
wanted to sock her upside the head but
God doesn't want me to do that then my
brother oh my gosh don't get me started
on him he sneezed in cough and spit all
over me today I learned ratios mrs.
Coleman always goes all out on social
studies she gave this to packets let's
talk about homework we're talking about
punching girls in the head oh my god
this isn't really a diary but I wrote
this on a Holiday Inn note card and it
says we got to go to the Holiday Inn we
are poor but it's fun I'm having a great
time I remember that we couldn't afford
a vacation I had never even been
anywhere before and my mom's like let's
take a little vacation so we literally
went 20 minutes away and stayed in a
hotel I think a family got murdered next
to us and then on the other side of us a
family was created you know what I'm
saying it was a lot of fucking Jarrod
wanted to go to the movie he got charged
to old times we went to a cafe got
caught jerking off that's not what that
says but I wish that's what that's it oh
this one's typed up hi my name is Shane
yaa I'm 11 years old I wanted to see
South Park the movie so bad I cleaned
the house and begged my mom when we got
to the theater we thought about seeing
it but my brother Jared wanted to see
American Pie oh we saw South Park
instead the first 15 minutes were okay
but then I saw the devil and he was nice
it sickened me to see its sickened me to
see him come back to earth when it's
supposed to be Jesus who comes back they
took everything in the Bible and
switched it to the devil some things are
funny like the cussing and the jokes in
the series but this movie went over the
line I just want to warn some people who
want to see this don't expect much Wow I
was literally a youtube comment what a
little asshole by the
if you can hear that it's some asshole
above me fucking hammering something
into the wall it stopped he heard me
this is why you write things down in
your diary instead of saying them out
loud Shane
all right guys go that was me reading my
diary if you want more my mom has boxes
of them so let me know down the comments
also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe and do all that
other shit I make new videos every
single day all right you guys I love you
and I will see you tomorrow Hey oh look
it's me from the tsunami oh it's me
infront of a volcano oh it's me in front
of a tornado are you trying to say I'm
ruining the world cuz if so you're right
