hey that's a big eyes now I like to go
through my tagged pictures a lot on
Instagram and that's a lie I hate it you
guys pick the ugliest pictures of me and
I always have a Chin's but because I
thought it'd be a funny video I wanted
to go through my tag photos right now
and hopefully not jump out the window or
hopefully I will jump out the window
I'll hit the ground blood will go
everywhere somebody will come take a
picture I've been tagging on Instagram I
love the Internet
okay here we go Oh God it says puberty
keep slaying him you know who else
slayed me
Supercuts she slayed me fucking hard
also Betty Crocker a bitch killed me
when someone texts us MD was SMD shakes
my oh oh come on
suck my dick is a thing now people say
that in text I guess I just faster than
using the eggplant emoji water emoji and
then the emoji okay that's not maybe but
for some reason untagged whoa for some
reason everybody's tagged everybody's
tagged
except for the person in the picture
let's read the hashtag hashtag fashion
hashtag style hashtag cotton on what
hashtag like for like oh that makes me
sad I should like this now I'm good
oh look at me from the tsunami oh it's
me in front of a volcano oh it's me in
front of a tornado are you trying to say
I'm ruining the world cuz if so you're
right
oh it's a conversation somebody haven't
simsimi about me I wonder what she said
what about Shane Dawson Shane Dawson is
an ugly tampon that tricks 12 year olds
accurate oh god here we go with these
weird cat ones it says you are the song
stuck in my head every song that I've
ever loved oh it's so cute why'd you
make me a cat and then on the bottom I
look like a gay superhero
it's like Cat Man and gay boy ooh I see
that movie who the ass ventures call
marvel Wow
oh my god that scared the shit out of me
well I love the book promo Thank You
girl that face tho honestly I just love
how flattering these pictures are thanks
guys who the fuck is this hi everyone
it's a good day today so shine to your
weekend why am I talking to this
basically my house is he here does he
just stand like that I'll trust it I
can't drown my demons they know how to
swim and it's a picture of me ELISA and
then a picture of a girl holding up a
gun some kind of a terrible Urban
Outfitters
party and peaches what somebody should
probably call that girl's parents oh my
god it's the other potato corny on a
picnic Elise on an Oreo the best day of
my life I remember when this happened oh
man that was a lot of drugs oh my god oh
my god oh that's what it would look like
if somebody got Miranda sings to death
honestly guys stop calling me daddy it's
really creepy you don't want me to be
your daddy I don't know how to be a good
daddy I would literally leave you
everywhere drop me off at your friend's
house never pick you up go to the store
with you leave without you drop you down
a well put a cover over it I'm not dad
goals I mean honestly I don't know why
I'm tagged on this but that looks
amazing what is that a little dish of
cheese mmm I love that part of a thigh
isn't it I think it's on her bed all
right I'm gonna go this is getting
creepy wait where did this come from who
took this picture of me at the back of a
car did the over driver take that oh my
god that's terrifying it literally looks
like me if I was like in a baby seat but
I'm an adult I don't even remember this
Wow my tagged photos remember more than
I do that's just some girls dirty s feet
I do see the resemblance though I agree
with this I feel like I'm not prettier
than anybody I feel like I look like
Trisha Paytas when she forgot to wax her
chest
and she remembered to slam her face up
against a wall until she got ugly just
me and Hitler you know hanging out and
last but not least it's a picture of me
as a kid with the text suck my fat juicy
ass over it that makes sense all right
guys ago that was me look at they're all
my tagged pictures make sure to follow
me on instagram at Shane Dawson and tag
me in a bunch of shit and maybe I'll
make another video also make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe I make new videos every single
day and I will see you guys tomorrow
love you bye tag me or don't if the
picture is ugly don't it'll really
affect my day all right let's try it
again
I'll start easier let's try Smosh Jones
no I feel the need to come when I say it
I see how close I got fuck I got it oh
my god I'm so excited I'm so proud are
you proud of me
Keira pillow
