guys up what's hey tough you know that
was wrong guys hey what's up you guys
fuck guys you up hey woods I think that
was right
yes today I'm gonna be talking backwards
because why the fuck not so I've seen a
lot of youtubers doing this basically
you try to say word backwards into a
phone and then you play in Reverse and
see if you were right now I can't even
talk forward sometimes so this is gonna
go not great also I think this challenge
is supposed to be with a friend but
because all my friends are busy because
it's Saturday night I'm home alone
making videos with my dog pillow yep I'm
a fucking asshole reverse what I said
trust me it's said all right first word
okay I'm gonna try say PewDiePie i get
pewdiepie hey PewDiePie hey hi goob okay
what the fuck is this hey Feud all right
here we go this is a backwards okay
wasn't really cutie potty it actually
kind of sounded like PewDiePie if he was
dying all right let's try it again I'll
start easier let's try Smosh CHUM's know
why I feel the need to come when I say
it and see how close I got sloshed oh
fuck
I got it oh my god I'm so excited I'm so
proud are you proud of me here a pillow
all right that's one for Shane and zero
for you fuck you
alright I'm gonna try my own name Shane
Dawson does it up is on Misun alright
that felt right oh I am fucking good at
this okay let's try I'm so fancy fancy
fancy
Cena pulls nine if that fucking work is
honestly I can send me into the x-men
school of fucking crazy awesome so nice
bitch that was fucking close okay you
got to give me that
that was fucking close ready a gig yeah
a gig that doesn't sound too different
from her okay um okay what's next trick
butthole butt hole oh okay that one felt
good that one felt butthole
oh that's just the side my butthole
makes alright let's try Joey Graceffa
Graceffa huh Graceffa this is been good
shit yeah that was a bit close
I need try something easier all right
let's try balls that's easy balls
Bob oh yeah fuck yeah it was a little
longer than it should have been just
like my balls vagina vagina vagina hun
the job a lads a pussy hush No okay that
was like a French person saying it which
is romantic is fuck girl can I please
touch your gosh my meatballs wet all
right let's try one more grand finale
let's try it youtuber youtuber mm-hmm
alright let's see if I did it you should
probably get a real job nailed it
guys go that was me playing the
backwards game alone hopefully you
enjoyed that leave a comment down there
and telling me uh what word you want me
to try to say backwards next time also
give me a thumbs up and subscribe
because I make new videos every fucking
day rehearse peekaboo shhhhh me how are
they doing about but it is always
bothered me so much when guys equate
getting kicked in the balls with pushing
a living out of your tender bits how
could they possibly be similar things
those guys who say that having no idea
well I guess neither can i but I can
only imagine what it feels like to push
a fat dense loaf of bread through your
lady parts it doesn't sound very fun
