to bomb.com well we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet this week on YouTube so today
Oh mom come we're gonna be breaking down
the top five YouTube videos of this past
week also I'm sick just thought I'd let
you know in case you are wondering why
it sounds different than usual it's not
a voice effect it's just my sinuses
hating me
let us begin number five is a section of
their three-part video series jacksgap
spent 24 hours in tokyo I think this
YouTube video super great and awesome
and a very original way to capture the
travel experience so in honor of this
video I thought I would make one on my
own
unfortunately this week has been super
busy I got sick didn't have time to head
over to Tokyo so instead I made a video
of 24 minutes inside my closet so I've
been in my closet for about ten and a
half minutes it's already getting a
little bit stressful there's not a lot
of air in here there's no food there's
not even water I don't know how I'm
gonna make it oh no and in here for
about 18 minutes and I might be losing
my mind there's no other people in here
so I might start talking to my tennis
shoes it has been 22 minutes I can get
out of this confined space in two
minutes I don't know if my social skills
will still be functioning Oh must've
fallen asleep
oh and I've accidentally been in here
for nine hours for youtuber choice
Vaughn is starting a series on his
channel called awkward conversations Liv
Troy I took this idea of a series called
our conversations with Troy where I'm
hoping to get a cool intro basically I
just make six videos around issues that
affect young people on a daily basis I
think three is positive and great and I
applaud the concept in the video too I
mention
that he's looking to getting dope theme
song for the rest of Syria so I thought
I would use my incredible artistic music
abilities to provide him with one word
conversations with Troy I got your back
you're welcome is that's 93 the try guys
from BuzzFeed have made a video where
they all test out a labor pain simulator
and it honestly may be my new favorite
video on YouTube
it has always bothered me so much when
guys equate getting kicked in the balls
with pushing a living out of your tender
bits how could they possibly be similar
things those guys who say that having no
idea well I guess neither can i but I
can only imagine what it feels like to
push a fat dense loaf of bread through
your lady parts it doesn't sound very
fun I thought this video was hilarious
and as the kids say on fleek
or should I say as the babies say I'm
done nothing to Joey Graceffa followed
up his don't wait music video with a
blog style video where he says that he
is in fact homosexual whoa I might as
well just say it for real obviously this
has been taken away from the video but
I'm gay few minutes to make a 12 minute
video about both being gay and promoting
his new book so from the game to a whole
new level
I honestly from the bottom of my heart
think that's frickin great for years
Hollywood tabloids have made money off
of celebrity rumors about sexuality and
romance and youtubers are deciding to
take that into their own hands that of
star or Insider magazine selling issues
called Joey Graceffa is gay he's instead
taking his own story putting in his own
words in his own book and I think that's
freaking great so go Joey Tyler a
number-one Shane Dawson and Jenna
Marbles have made a video where they
reacted to porn what we've all been
waiting for it so I thought it was
finally time for myself Alexis she's all
to react to youtubers reacting to porn
alright I am in a blazer so it's time to
react to some videos so first things
first I'm gonna check out this video of
Tyler Oakley and danisnotonfire
apparently watching the strange floor
and question mark question mark question
mark what good chemistry between these
two people they both have their hands on
their mouths I guess that's a staple
when reacting to porn like in BDSM okay
let's find somebody else reacting to
porn somebody said why is
mostly Tyler Oakley popping up okay
here's a couple reacting to Disney porn
don't like them sorry they are being
weirdly calm about it yeah I would say
the main thing I've noticed is there's a
lot of like Oh watching this episode of
off convoluted nature with our awesome
Internet shrapnel you sure to check out
and follow myself at Alexis she's all on
Twitter I post all sorts of fun things
updating you guys on my life and just
fun is all good I'll see you guys next
week the brand-new bomb
