hey guys I don't know about you but
sometimes I feel like I'm addicted to
YouTube well you are addicted to YouTube
cuz you're watching this and you have to
be an addict to get through this anyways
I want to find out if I am too so I'm
gonna take a quiz called the are you a
youtube addict quiz I take the argue of
food attic quiz but you can just ask my
fridge remotes you put so much inside of
me Oh fridge
alright here we go how addicted to
YouTube are you let's find out it has
one cat power I don't really know what
that means but sounds like me select all
that apply
I spend two to three hours a day on
YouTube where's that I spend 12 to 13 I
think I just answered the question of
the quiz if I have work or homework do I
watch YouTube instead what if my work
and my homework is YouTube I need to get
a job I run a YouTube fan account no but
I do run the biggest hater account and
that's my account get it cuz I hate
myself that joke is never gonna get old
cuz it's so true I prefer to watch
YouTube than TV that is not true unless
YouTube starts playing my 600-pound life
and little people big world marathons
then yeah that would take over my life
Tyler Oakley is my queen obviously wait
am i his king what if he doesn't want me
to be his king then he's just gonna be a
queen I'm not gonna be a king and then
what he's gonna slay me and I don't know
if I can get slayed again whatever I'll
risk it I once stayed up to wait for a
video the only time I've ever stayed up
all night for a video was a fair Abraham
sex tape and that was not on YouTube but
let me just say it was fucking worth it
although that pussy was so sad it was
practically grumpycat so it's almost
like you do I've been to a YouTube
convention oh yeah I've been to a lot of
those I'm subscribed to 100 channels I
don't think I'm actually subscribed to
anybody cuz i watch everything so if I
did subscribe to everybody that shit
would be blowing up my fucking page but
I'll put yes anyways I have a youtuber
as my lock screen ah that is true
because my current lock screen is me and
Hilary Duff and I guess technically I'm
a youtuber and she's a queen I own a
piece of YouTube merch well I do own my
book I hate myself available Matt where
is it ah fuck go buy it
I watch YouTube before I go to bed a
night that is true every night before I
go to bed I watch about 6 Trisha Paytas
vlogs I have a lot of nightmares I love
you too but sometimes it's a love-hate
relationship similar to the relationship
I have a frozen-yogurt I love it
but I hate what it does to me by the way
frozen yogurt is not healthy don't
believe that shit I've seen all the
Annoying Orange videos definitely not
those were more for five-year-olds but
I've been in an annoying orange video
that was like a piece of dog poop or
something really fit my personality I've
met a youtuber hey Shane hey how you
doing man there you go then followed on
Twitter by a youtuber
my mom follows me does that count she
likes to make videos and put them up but
she doesn't know what she's making
videos of one time she put up a video of
about 35 minutes of the blackness inside
of her purse I thumped it up fangirled
over youtuber yes definitely I fangirl
over a lot of youtubers when I met
Natalie Tran from community channel I
cried she didn't see me cry I went to
the bathroom to cry most people probably
thought dear Lord what did he eat I
don't want to eat any of that best day
of my life I would rather meet Tyler
Oakley than Harry Styles sure I've met
Tyler Oakley I don't really care about
Harry Styles oh okay I have at least two
youtube ships that's true she said shall
we and train and true and Charlotte
that's me in my toilet we're together a
lot tried YouTube myself unfortunately
have a tumblr account
true cried over one direction no clapped
along to Tyler Oakley's cake with slight
song uh I'm 26
been in a Q&A video that is true watched
a youtuber on you now oh yes I've done
you now before it is miserable youtubers
without jump cuts are very uncomfortable
to watch it's a lot of this hey guys how
you doing
cool thanks terrible watched YouTube raw
TV yes the grace Helbig show oh listen
to a youtuber on the radio yeah hmm I
don't think any of us have got there yet
I don't know if that's whatever ship the
ship so hard that it becomes a piece of
you what in my poop deck I've said so
many poop jokes today that's too many
wait I have listened to you - brother
ADA because jenna Marbles has a radio
show ha ha you tried to tuck me I want
sent a letter to appeal box new got a PB
in your Twitter name what does that mean
hey be gain about our cutie pies balls
pop and booties I don't know what that
means you have internet friends because
of YouTube oh that's so true and
internet frenemies alright let's see how
much I'm a youtube addict you checked
out 26 out of 30 call a doctor you're so
addicted to YouTube that you live and
breathe YouTube but who doesn't love a
little bit of YouTube and then it's
Oakley getting ready to fist me slay
Queen oh yeas ago that was me taking the
youtuber addict quiz uh yeah I'm pretty
addicted it's depressing I should
probably find a new addiction new heroin
aren't you guys happy happening with me
- hang with you and I will see you
tomorrow make sure to subscribe I make
new videos every fucking day cuz I'm
addicted and also I'm gonna get a
haircut soon and figure this out I'm
gonna be honest my face is falling off
alright bye guys
for a long time I have been getting
tweeted pictures of my face next to some
guy from Shrek or my face next to a rage
face or my face next to an ass and you
guys are like hey Shane look what you
look like really helping my confidence
thanks guys
