oh hey guys now I'm for a long time I
have been getting tweeted pictures of my
face next to some guy from Shrek or my
face next to a rage face or my face next
to an ass and you guys are like hey
Shane look what you look like really
helping my confidence thanks guys but
today I was like you know what I want to
see who I actually look like so I'm
going to goes to some random website
that I found all I look like you calm
not sponsored I'm gonna see if they put
me next to an ass cuz if they do that
you guys are right let's do it
okay here we go um I guess I just do
what this guy does and look extremely
depressed I can do that here we go take
a photo oh my god oh I hate him right
now what upload Wow
not good that is taking so long I'm
confusing the computer it's like male
female male female we don't know what if
it sends me to a suicide hotline that
would be great it's like wait is that a
shirt or a couch there's too much
happening here why are his eyes dead is
this a dead person this doesn't work for
dead people all right here we go I see
you only got a match at 23% this will
improve over time oh wait these are my
match wait what haha bitch what I'll get
away
wait these are real people I don't have
celebrities oh my god this is even
better I kind of see it I definitely
kind of see that that's good okay he's
probably rich ooh okay I see that she's
a little bit angry I definitely have a
lot of that inside of me oh it looks
like she's wearing some kind of a baking
apron yeah that's me
oh you know what he pride has a way
bigger dick than me so I'll take it that
guy's high off his fucking ass that
guy's so high right now first of all he
didn't know he took the picture Sam I
don't know where he is although I look
high off my ass you and I look like I
not only don't know where I am but I
don't know where I'm going and I don't
know where I want to go I might as well
I did they put me like so a lot of
depressed people
oh she's happy that looks like zoella
zoella woo I'll take her face and the
book sales okay well that was who I look
like as a normal person but let's see if
there's like a website for celebrities
all right here we go okay wait what stop
it hold on
did it work that's not real woo says I
look like Brad Pitt Nicolas Cage
um I like a redo on that Christian Bale
okay Brad hit again Tom Cruise I don't
think I believe this alright let's try a
different website that was too
flattering you know I'm just gonna use
good old Google Shane Dawson looks like
alright well there's that motherfucker
from Shrek again whoo that's some kind
of Asian anime character I like that
really again okay Lu I don't know who
that is but that's me okay I definitely
know like racing chains
I definitely don't look like this fat
idiot oh wait yeah that's me
alright well I'm done I guess according
to the internet I look like a lot of
interesting people who all are very sad
except for Brad Pitt I'll take that
let's go hopefully enjoyed that leave me
a comment down below tell me what
celebrity you look like also give me a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day all right
I'm gonna go oh god I just talk like
that guy from Shrek
is that how he talks it I give up all
right first of all that's sad - why
would you do that to your cat taping
shit on his face he's not happy he's
scared he's wondering where his master
went the why he's in a room with a
camera and a light and paper on his face
the people telling you to do stuff it's
fun life
