hey let's be guys really quick before
the video starts today I just want to
say thank you so much as you guys know
yesterday my new game corny crush came
out which is really fun and is on Apple
and Android phones and you guys got it
so much that it made like the top 20 on
iTunes which is fucking crazy so if you
haven't gotten it go get it it is free
I made it free because I want to give
you guys a little gift and it's really
fun so have fun playing that downloaded
now I'll put them link down there and
tweet me picture of you playing it okay
I'm gonna go
it's of you guys you know what's the
best an ice cold ice cream cone on a hot
day you know what's the worst a nasty
gross warm ice cream cone made in Japan
and sent to America in a box on Amazon
Prime you got it it's done from puppy
cookin you guys want me to do ice cream
which I was scared of considering this
was not refrigerated also I really love
ice cream so I'm really sad right now
because I know this is gonna route
alright let's get your ruining
everything I love next we're gonna kill
Lisa let's do this oh wow look you're
gonna swirl it into a cone that's
exciting my tea to look nothing like
that oh gee they already gave you the
cone that was gonna be the worst part oh
fuck I also gave you some kind of a
gravy boat I don't really understand
that so this should be pretty easy I'm
guessing all I have to do is mix the
powder with the water and there's two
types of powders so maybe it's like
chocolate and vanilla or something which
if we've learned anything needs is gonna
end up looking like diarrhea and pus
Pappa kitchen oh I was definitely right
about the pus I was wrong about diarrhea
this is looking more like blood but like
sweet blood like young innocent blood
like blood of a child Oh like blood of a
child on her birthday so I'm guessing
you don't microwave that do we freeze it
oh I understand
just kidding I don't speak this language
but you know what I do speak American
and you know what Americans do they
don't use instructions alright so I'm
guessing I pour this goop into this goop
holder which is what I call Lisa and
then I'll probably squeeze the goop out
into the other goop holder which is what
I call Joey and then I just eat up all
the goop by myself which is what I call
a Monday night
I've got getting all this goop inside of
the sack is not easy I was gonna say
that's what she said but I don't I don't
think she would say that I don't know
who would say that maybe a doctor on my
600 pound life
all right time to get the goop out of
the sack she definitely said that all
right I'm gonna do the call one because
this is fucking disgusting right here we
go
oh my god I'm so excited I think it
might actually work oh ah look at that
and I fucked it up huh-huh
okay you know what let me try another
one this might be the first thing I've
made that actually is good oh oh oh oh
shit
oh my god I'm gonna cry I'm gonna
fucking cry oh my god I'm so fucking
proud yes okay wait now what do I do
while I'm decorating it how do I hold oh
no I only have two hands alright we just
pour on the there we go oh my god this
looks fucking good I'm fuckin sorry fuck
and this is actual excitement by the way
oh god I need a life alright guys here
we go I'm gonna devour this light scream
code do I lick it I bite it she said I'm
just gonna oh oh oh you know what
doesn't taste like ice cream that o is
ha ha ha oh the only way you could
describe it is if you left a teddy bear
in the bathtub and then took a bite out
of it don't ask me why I thought of that
although I do knees have a lot of bath
time friends and I ate all of them this
is not good this is horrible I'm so sad
I can never fucking win I was like oh
look there's a hair on it I was like oh
look it's an ice cream cone I did it so
fucking perfect it was great everything
is amazing when you take a bite of it
then it tastes like an asshole maybe the
little thing maybe this is good whatever
this was nope oh look I don't even see
these what are these these are little
little sums maybe these are good well I
still have some goop left maybe if I
just goop this on this it'll make
something and that's how sex works oh oh
there's Kate like bombo's if you know
what bumbles are they're at 7-eleven and
you think they were Twinkie and they
troll your bitch cuz they're not oh
where you guys go I was me eating ice
cream I'm really hating it leave in the
comments down below letting you know you
hopefully one day we'll make something
good that's what God said all right you
got to see you later like oh oh it's a
puppy
oh and he's licking the claws oh I just
got really uncomfortable though cuz I
just imagined like this is probably a
fetish somebody's definitely came on
their computer screen before this
