hey that's of you guys really quick
before this video starts I just want to
let you guys know something really
really exciting my new game that me and
my friend have been making for like the
last year is finally out it's called
corny crush and it is a game where you
are corny and you're walking down the
street and you have to do things and if
you don't do them corny dies it's kind
of dark and it is free and I wanted to
make it free because I'm like you know
what you guys bought my book you bought
my movie you've supported me so much in
the last couple years that I wanted to
give you guys a gift so go download the
free game corny crust play it and you
can tweet about an Instagram and Plus
pictures and hash that corny crush so I
can see them and yeah let's play corny
grass okay see you later
link is in the crotch heyo its of you
guys I don't know about you but I love
to spend a lot of time on useless
websites mainly youtube.com slash
shanedawsontv well sometimes I run out
of useless websites to go to which is
why I go to the useless web.com once
again this is not sponsored but if
they'd like to pay me I love money
alright so I did a video about this
before it went so terribly I decided to
do it again alright here we go
one nervous to click oh oh oh I just got
really uncomfortable though cuz I just
imagined like this is probably a fetish
somebody's definitely came on their
computer screen before this bury me with
my I don't understand oh wait there is
wait wait where's he going wait do I
move him what's happening who is that
he's so little little people big world
money wait do i click spacebar what's
happening god you know rich the little
people big world people are holy fuck if
they stood on their money well they
wouldn't be little I don't know there's
no joke there they're just fucking rich
oh god this looks too smart for me oh
it's like science class oh there's
machines oh I don't know I get what's
happening what is this is that a toilet
why is that bathtub flying wait there's
little people working is this a
sweatshop oh but all the glory to the
hypnotoad what oh if you look at his
eyes it Oh make you really dude
makes you wanna throw up I should stop I
can't stop I just gotta look they look
like
quivering buttholes oh they're they're
happy and then they go sad it's like a
smiley and then it goes to a frowny why
am I still here what is this a lamp on
top of a stool huh oh okay I'm done
cat bounce oh oh look at a bouncing oh
wait oh oh oh I think movin and crush
them I hate cats died I'm kidding no I'm
not die together how do i light them on
fire wait make it rain what does that
mean oh whoa okay that was too many cats
at once
there's too much pussy for me to handle
grandpa no clothes Lou oh no grandpa -
grandpa's look like mine
tada whoo whoo I don't get it ninjaflex
oh that's what is that
okay it's an arm I just wow I just got
really sad thinking about the fact that
somebody's probably sat here for three
hours and did this there's got even more
sad thinking about the fact that you're
watching me do this go outside whoa whoa
oh my god oh my god am I gonna get act
is it anonymous this is the guy will
have Joey's Instagram
that was like the purge I did not like
that
well there you guys go that was me
taking another trip through a bunch of
useless websites hopefully you enjoyed
that leave a comment down there telling
me what your favorite website is to go
to and be honest don't lie don't be like
oh I love going to the Bible downtown I
want to know where you really go blah
blah blah blah blah I'm going to pluck
it from the video and caption it mama
grandma I'm a big fat pudgy
