to bomb calm we talk about the things
that are blowing up on the internet Isis
I hit my nails today this was the best I
could do see far away they don't look
that bad but then you get into the
nitty-gritty it's it's it's a rough
situation in this video of a dog went
viral this week speak did you blink
because you may have missed the entire
video I did not find this to be
particularly impressive then again I've
never tried to train a dog to whisper
but also in my defense never had a
reason not to speak in terms of YouTube
music for starters the music video for
Britney Spears and Iggy azalea's pretty
girls recently came out speaking of
things that came out on YouTube this
week stay tuned I've heard the song
pretty girls a couple times on the radio
and it basically sounds like an anthem
for Barbie dolls so I thought you and I
would put on our Blazers sit down and
react the music videos together I'm
ready now
oh there's already a sponsor I'm just a
little curious how wiping the floor with
a boy works so for example purposes
we'll pretend that this stuffed animal
is a boy have the boy here and then you
just are like wiping the floor with the
boy boys are usually like bigger and
heavier are you or you maybe you're
taking their hair and you're cleaning
the floor that way yep being on them and
and rubbing them into the floor I just I
have a lot of logistical questions
wait so because they're pretty they get
what they want that's not at all what I
learned in school like actually makes me
sad I don't want to watch this as a
female I am embarrassed elementary
school you probably heard something
along the lines of the llama song I'm a
drama llama big fat mouth and the
YouTuber Sidewinder twins who's known
for bringing that song back with a nice
little Mike hums bass has recently made
a part two so let's check it out so as
we watch this music video we're going to
play a little bit of an internet game
every time a screen shot in the music
video pops up that I think would make a
good reaction photo I'm going to pluck
it from the video and caption it Russia
attacks feel on the vellum extremely
possess Lama Lama grandma I'm a big
badger slider and what you've all been
waiting for daily vlogger joey graceffa
recently put out a music video to his
new original song and the music video
definitely comes with a lip they have a
twist ending I wouldn't say it's like
the twist ending at the end of the movie
saw because there's less severed body
parts and it's a little bit more
romantic
I personally don't watch a ton of joy
receive his videos but I thought this
video was freaking great I think the
video was really relatable not in a
Netflix hashtag Nutella hashtag pizza
kind of way but in a way where we all go
through our struggles so I think
everybody can relate at least a little
bit to what was occurring in the music
video I think boys are great I like
dating them I like hugging them
I think kissing them is real fun and it
appears that Joey Graceffa agrees so of
course there have always been a lot of
speculations about you to enjoy Graceffa
liking the menfolk and he's not formally
confirmed it on Twitter or YouTube but I
think this video gives you a pretty good
idea joey graceffa hasn't confirmed that
he's out of the closet but honestly it
doesn't really matter he's living his
life he's doing his thing I thought the
music video and the message behind it
was really beautiful and inspiring and I
think that's the important part to take
away from it but also drops to Joey
because that guy was a very attractive
episode of rom-com hopefully we didn't
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you don't already follow me
on twitter it is add Alexis she's all
there also be a link in the description
be sure to do that so you can keep
updated on my life it's fun saga yeah
