hey guys guess why I'm back oh hi we're
budding what the hell is that what is it
right here like a like a big vibrator
chair oh are you sure what have you done
in it nothing you want sex in it
yes oh yes you can he lays there and
then you straddle on top and then and
then you guys turn on the remote and it
is crazy look at that full body you got
full body you got Swedish what does that
mean you got stretch I don't know
Mountie there we are hanging out Drew's
on his way she just showed me a sneak
preview of her music video for fat
chicks which was really fucking good
like really fucking good what's next for
you and your music career Wow I'm doing
a music video another one and fat chicks
will be on me at 7:00 so if you have
already seen it yet then I have a second
album coming out June 15 called
superficial bitch I have anything by the
title on my own shit oh my god exclusive
all original songs for original oh it
was like a sneak preview like sing it's
like it look a little like a tiny
snippet so so bitch ah bought it I'm in
yes we're hanging out we're gonna go in
the massage chair when Drew gets here
we'll all three get it okay oh okay
sippy sippy nom welcome to a new vlog
hey how are you doing cuz it's the
beginning we're doing you guys would
know oh please please you guys film fuck
you we don't film the sit-down video you
two of those we did a teen train
collapse yeah I came here honestly at
least is honest I mean at least you're
honest I did put a little makeup on my
cousin he's good last time you guys came
over and we filmed like I looked crazy I
had that hair that told me everyone look
like I had with like Angelica pickles
doll you know from it I was like oh my
god like tell me okay Cynthia come in
here like this and I was like oh and I
got to be a little more put together
when you guys come over great and I love
you that's really sweet we were just I'm
like getting hit on I got hit on pretty
much for the first time today by this
old lady she's like 50 do it like you
did you want to reenact it like you just
did
a Jew /a industry and I'm old lady with
with a child there was a child somebody
this pretty shouldn't be sitting out
here alone what you wear I'm a growing
boy and yes they flare up mine doesn't
get hard if you well mine is also broken
um I'm doing about how my nipples are
okay a little insulting no you tie what
you broke a logo your hospital you right
now done what about your nipples bitch
yeah usually have one there oh no this
one's broken Julia's one
oh yeah it's whole thing gonna be like
you have cancer I was fat oh is that why
your nipple II oh it all leads back I
compared like that to be like nice guys
to talk it's hard it's on nevermind it's
fixed Uber's whatever I forgot her phone
running back to get it
I think she's changed I'm reading you
know she's gonna be your friend anyway I
know my face is falling off well some
people are like yeah you don't look very
good you're just like yeah we're gross
yeah does that make you feel bad though
no cuz I already said that it looked
gross and you're like oh yeah my face
too
you know you know we're disgusting
literally my life is please tweet me Eva
we've been obsessed with this look this
youtuber my life is a your boyfriend
I'm on his luck
what are you trying to say he's a normal
guy I like that there's a youtuber named
Eve that my life is even we love her
music video and she's normal like her
boyfriend looks like a normal dude looks
like he works at the Cheesecake Factory
you look like you work at the Cheesecake
Factory I don't I go work at poyo Loco
yeah you're El Pollo Loco he's
definitely cheesecake and read I look
like I work at chick-fil-a you need to
go back to Jenny Craig
I meant to work at Jenny Craig I did not
mean your back I just said that realize
it sucked like literally gonna kill
myself we're at I through thank you
order two testicles
they're good better than mine we could
call this eating testicles oh my god we
scrapped earwax here yeah yeah that's
here but yeah make put your boobs out so
kind of like wait am I not in it yeah
it's fine I can do it maybe bum bill
okay guys so right now Trish is showing
us a picture I have not seen it yet so
her mom you know had breast cancer mom's
a youtuber what's her you to be a planet
beep us flush the line of heat huh I'll
bet you down there she had breast cancer
she got her boobs removed but before she
got her boobs removed
she took naked pictures with Trish like
like hello and take pictures of my body
which sounds normal
what's not normal is the fact that we're
about to look at them while were you
Thai food I was like mom you should you
wanted to show your boobs now and I was
there I even booked through the flower
petal honor but this one is photo
yeah spitting aah okay here we go show
us soo much ready yeah the show just
around
I'm nervous Hello Kitty oh my god this
is interesting
why cuz it's your mom make your mom make
it literally everyone literally
Christians life is taking nude selfies
with their mom love it interesting
where's your pussy though I need lips
guys we're at a new mall that we've
never been to and GG has her own store
did you would never wear this
technically the opposite of GG victim or
oh my god wait this shoe kind of where
those Barbie well
oh yeah just a camel they're designer
half those shoes you really have to
idealize I'm gonna go I weren't alone
right now it's all old people here and I
think this is like next row a retirement
home maybe let me for it yeah I love it
so dying for it cuz it's retirement home
wait what is really why do you ask old
people oh well there's milk well I can
man I mean really though guys you got
some candy impromptu candy hall yeah
should I leave my hat for date couples
right now love it well it's a birthday
theme because I got birthday cake Oh
Adam at other stuff all right we're
gonna try this and
you did not bitch I did we just hate
some candy if you want to see it go to
her channel um but I will give you my
official review then it all up into a
bag because I hated it but I did like
this which is like a holiday chokolate
Park so you spit into a bag as you liked
it I spit into a package I like quite
enjoyed that
I don't really wanted to try oh try I'm
an and don't spit it out I won't judge
me on your confidence so that's really
are changing I don't like the new shape
I like that sharing literally my lemon
juice oh I didn't like a lemon bar yes
how it's your favorite flavor
I like the birthday cake I really do
birthday Park that's me Irish would say
ruff ruff guys we're going go-karting I
have an M&M car this is every third guys
want to do it we're gonna do it guys
we're gonna do it house it's happening
love that uncircumcised dick so I'm in
the bathroom we just did the race well I
just stopped in the middle of it
the helicopter throw up so here's a
picture of me in the car I was right
before I threw out so how did you guys
think you guys lasted the whole time it
was the worst thing ever look about to
film your walk of shame but I thought
you'd get did you already know you
should've I was I thought you'd be like
two bums would do that why would you go
talk like that good I drew oh wait we
gotta get a picture in front of the
fucking Hall of Fame bitch
my friend
that's us guys rent Taiwan or something
guys there's our star moment oh we look
amazing
you into me around alive yeah you were
