have you guys yes today we're gonna be
doing something a little bit different
we're gonna be going on in adventure
today we're going over to one of my
favorite youtubers houses - Fiona garden
she does a lot of different types of
videos Beauty videos testing products
but one of the things she's most known
for is mixing over maker products
together and creating a new product so I
thought what am i most known for food so
today we're gonna be taking all of the
fast food restaurant foods that I could
find I'm mixing them all together into
one epic meal so right here I literally
have a trash bag filled with food bitch
me no seriously though if you look
inside you can see every single
fast-food restaurant within a ten-mile
radius of me what are your thoughts on
this I'm fired up why are you showing
your stomach I get it you have a flat
tummy and I'm just a white trash bag
full of big macs I can't wait to see
what her reaction is she doesn't know
we're doing this and I just can't wait
to make a throw up all right we got our
baby in the back he looks just like me
okay guys we're here do you know what I
brought I know you brought food did you
know that that's what that was in
garbage bag I wanted to bring them in
garbage bags this is very um brain for
me and we're gonna mix them all together
cuz that's one brain for you yes
actually do you want to grab oh my god
literally me in high school in a Friday
night okay so here's my plan we're not
eating this I thought since we have our
boyfriend's here don't run away why
don't we have fries our boyfriends try
our concoction I am NOT I'll try a
concoction why not your big baby what
about you calm down actually I brought
some like equipment
okay starters I got this really cute
cake just like for a little product
placement I'm not getting paid for this
I got some Rosanna pansino cake
decorating I got sprinkles just cuz they
were gold in a Fugees springform pans
oh this okay so this is like at fancy
restaurants like I brought food coloring
spray just cuz I want to play with it
I'm sweating I'm like really excited I'm
like literally sweating and then these
so these are syringes I thought this
would be fun to like inject I also
brought a lighter because I was thinking
we could heat it up wait I thought you
know the blowtorch okay are you ready
for the food no yes
oh I brought paper teleforce wet okay
time for a food haul fresh out of a
giant sack I'm literally white trash
Fanta ha ha so let's open this up oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god shall I put these in the freezer
really quick I feel like they're gonna
be more of a sauce anyways okay soft
good okay so right here we have our good
old McDonald's bag that's sweating
almost as much as I am now we have
Burger King she's wet burping a little
falling off a little bit I'm gonna I'm
gonna roast Burger King a little bit no
longer the king would she be covered
Kate's the king the guillotine okay oh I
didn't even order fries that's fun
I got a whopper and I guess fries but I
mainly wanted to get the fruit loop
milkshake which looks like vomit I mean
it looks a little bit like you've
spilled some breast milk good luck
didn't know dude to be pregnant to do
that I think so yeah that's a fun video
idea a lactate if you're in a disaster
scenario and you were a father and your
child like suckles long enough you may
be able to be still I have a nipple that
squirts you're fine no it's happened
before
Oh from Wendy's all I got with the
frosty because we don't want any of her
other crap oh my god can't see cuz the
kernel was
for it some maastricht herders who
chicken what else Oh Wiener schnitzel I
know what you're thinking why why I'd
love to give the underdog a chance now
Taco Bell always kills it so I'm not
nervous about first okay
got some chippies Rocco bell of the ball
oh my god and I'm the Beast what else oh
wait where did you go yeah Wow
I have not seen or been to a few
thousand years this is a moment I hope
you cry I also got some Cinna Stix
I just need sweat dripping sweat so we
have these nice roof that looks like my
ass there's also Donuts oh just clothes
should we be trying to make like a few
different courses
sorry I'll dry off while you figure this
now let's do a meal and a dessert okay
that makes sense is the goal to make
them puke or is it to make it the best
thing we can I think the goal is to make
them puke into the pan cook it and then
we eat it let's cook okay so where do we
start
what do you think we should make like a
souffle I think that's a loaf with my
alright here we go
fries make sure we get like a good base
we've automatic shins oh it's gonna be
really cheesy no I don't just don't
overbeat to begin well I feel like we
need a layer so maybe like this layer is
like cheesy starch and then we'll do a
layer of meat and then we can put in the
drizzle or all the sauces together and
then put it over like icing okay so we
need a biscuit some in this pizza mmm
actually I would eat this out of
this on a Saturday night when all my
friends on Instagram hanging out and I'm
alone me a couple chips oh great you
just do it one-handed oh my god if salt
Bay was obese wait what else like try
and like put in some doughnut let's do
it yeah where you have to tweet our
concoction to Gordon Ramsay and see if
he'll roast us yeah Gordon Ramsay's
gonna literally kill himself that's good
for this round right oh jeez let me get
like a sexy drizzle mmm
I think that's good right yeah what are
you doing your concoctions
taking too long no you're not allowed to
eat this you have to wait till we put it
all in a blender I think I'm a serial
killer like I want to put my hand in
there and buy mine anymore okay so we
just dump our in it right yeah all
right okay if anything comes out a
little liquid Wow it kind of just looks
like Thanksgiving everyone just pretend
it's Evan yeah oh my god maybe we should
do big cake pops hmm what do you think
boys sneak peek oh yeah
berry corn does should we mold it yeah
oh my god you can see a little bit of
like the meat of like the pepperoni in
the corn dog I think I'm all the sudden
freely looking guy should we cook it
just a little bit you want to actually
not put in the oven or that's too stupid
yeah let's cook this bitch up
okay wait before we put this in the oven
I think we should inject the center Oh
fun I feel like we could all do more
gravy if we wanted to good idea
or frosty you want to do a frost or you
want to do great let's take a boat grab
your frosty on you choose both yeah
ready oh my god oh my god oh I am going
to bust
excuse my friends oh my god literally
inject into my mouth
Oh shove it in yeah Oh R that's alright
gravy time oh my god when we're doing
gravy Oh
if you Instagram that people would like
it oh that is low-key amazing wow it
looks like Cookie Monster's good luck in
there love being a housewife so we have
like our starchy one in the oven when we
need like a meat layer right yes we've
already pureed so should we do something
else should we just mush it with her
like a mortar and pestle was just like
oh yeah like a No
No chili dog in play oh yeah oh that's
what we're doing
oh we're beating it that actually
doesn't look that bad never mind this is
horrible
yeah when your mom goes crazy impacts
you at lunch
I think if I just like turn like this
burrito and just almost like squeeze it
out like a toothpaste tube now the
crunch wrap is very like delicate and
amazing I feel bad to do this but
there's another tortilla inside
you've never had a crunch rub no oh my
god okay it's fine well it's fine I'll
get past it piece of fried chicken yeah
exactly yeah whoo what Big Macs the
whole little patty in there you wanna do
we could use a pepperoni if you want
good idea oh wait but I think we need a
little liquid so let's do the fruit loop
okay just like to get it although to me
it smells really good it smells just
only like fruit loops I just sweat in it
oh my god I forgot about this is it
working oh it's rising who does the
smell it's not even on its rising by
itself
I'll hold it okay I don't think we
 up your kitchen too much that's
the second layer so I think that we
should do the same thing put it in here
and then put it in the oven see what
happened all right here we go a second
layer coming up or what should I scoop
it that's what you hear actually and
then look you could just pack it with a
container oh my god that looks like a
camp see you famous pie with that blue
wow it's like the end of the world okay
dessert so we have all of our little
treats here so what are you thinking
yeah we're trying to bake it again no
it's gonna be a cold dessert should we
make ice cream how I've seen a technique
before where you just put everything in
a bag smoosh it up put some ice in here
and just roll around in ice okay
it might make ice cream it might make
cold vomit either way you guys are
eating it I like the pink donut I think
that has a lot of fun colors a little
cinnamon so now I'm gonna let you do the
honors of pouring in that frosty that
actually looks good hmm so I guess just
crush it with our hands just like this
mmm I think that's gonna work okay plop
this in here more ice yeah I will put in
the freezer oh great while we're
decorating our cake I think we're like
slowly actually going crazy and getting
delusional to thinking this is gonna
work okay here we go
all right okay you know what hey blue
name right this smell actually like gave
me an instant headache
I think we just made like a war weapon
this is a disaster
Oh oh my god oh my god this is the
moment of truth and then we just left I
think oh my god huh oh my god it's
really pretty here the blue on top
really makes it for me all right there
we go something in the middle right like
a middle layer chips oh interesting a
little crunch this actually looks like
something you get like a fancy
restaurant for your cat I think maybe we
should just like
okay we'll just use it as a nice thing
yeah yeah like a topping that's cute
oh my god this is beautiful have I lost
my mind Oh time for squirt all right I'm
thinking we just mix them all together
in here and they go up my recent quiet
you're welcome for the promo it's better
beer and me like branding photos product
before we give to the humans we want to
see if the cat wants to try it oh my god
let's see if he wants it even he's
looking at us like are you guys okay
alright time to cut into this I actually
am really nervous to see if it stays
together oh my god oh my god oh no the
chips that I forgot that we filled it oh
oh it's very wet it looks like that's
where it lives
alright boys I'm sorry what was that
that you brought to the table the blue
is really bring out the appetizing nough
sub it yeah no that's
it's disgusting okay yeah I think you
will no no no no no if you feel like
you're going to die just tell us yes we
can that all right this year
Cheers oh my god very gravy
I just realized this looks like the most
gross low-budget version of worth it No
did you swallow that how is it flavor
not the worst texture okay the worst
thing by far I'm sorry it says is the
Wiener schnitzel the gat corndog flavor
by the ton pastures Oh
the pepperoni is a good way to go to
give a pepperoni on yeah thousand
familiar flavor well I'm happy but you
guys kind of enjoyed it and don't worry
there's dessert all right here we go oh
oh it's cold
you know it's not solid oh my god he's
going in again oh god that looks like an
ear oh my god oh it's just slop alright
here we go a little bit it's not so fine
alright hey Mike yeah she's ready do it
good oh yeah it's not great but it's
tolerable you are hard to please he just
like that it is what it seems a soggy
donut this has frosty oh yeah yeah
exactly
well what would you rate this out of ten
what do you rate the spirit three three
I think enough I mean there's a natural
number right there I think I think we
have to but we could spit I'm just gonna
use my fingers oh my god oh the texture
okay cheers to us
first class hmm I like it I like it
greatness all week all the fast food
together and nobody throw up no one
threw up people came close but I think
that we narrowly skated by I feel like
we did a good job I think that the
horrific part was probably the Meech
layer and that's what I didn't really
get a lot of but the like starch layer
tastes like bean dip yeah it kind of
just tastes like something that you're
crazy drunks pill-popping aunt would
make yeah totally guys hopefully you
enjoy the head over to Sofia's channel
check it out we did a video over there
where we're giving dolls makeovers and I
might kill mine give you a lot of fun go
subscribe don't forget your thing I
don't know whatever and thank you guys
for letting us kill you slowly thank you
are you still eating it no I mean
