hey guys so today I thought it would be
fun if I went through my Twitter dams
again because last time it went so well
and bye well I mean terribly you guys
are mean but you're also funny so I love
you
Wow it's like we really are family let's
get D Annan all right we're in
oh god I'm nervous I already see about
five pictures of old onedirection
members and me wearing the same shirt
I'm wearing now I need to go to the
store alright let's start with this one
this is Shane's kwinto beans very
creative name I think it's supposed to
mean me and Zachary Quinto got together
and farted and that's how you get not
cool Oh Oh God oh no oh oh there's
pictures oh god what is that I don't
know if I want to go to the very
beginning oh my god what the fuck who is
that is that Hilary Duff what'd you do
to her oh no wait that's the old lady
from American Horror Story oh bitch this
is literally how I feel like I look big
legs fat arms and a tiny head straight
out of Compton crazy motherfucker named
Ice Cube I was like my childhood
experience oh no did she do the lift
challenge what if she didn't oh I'm an
asshole Shane I'm watching Dexter I went
to go watch Dexter and then I realized I
was watching episode two no one's
answering me ha ha ha that's sad sorry
for not answering you but you know I'm
kind of busy trimming my arm hair oh no
I got caught in a lie oh this one just
says I love you oh my god it's her babe
ah do you think you left one direction
for me oh no oh God
there's a lot why ya'll said to be
screencaps oh girl she got some drama
going on oh that's a not flattering
picture her Twitter accounts name is I'm
broken huh is that the wicker chair for
my childhood tweeting you should block
me I keep on me to DM you and tweet you
how sorry I am and I don't want you to
think I'm crazy girl I don't think
you're crazy well no you're crazy cuz
you're one of my fans but I'm crazy too
so that's expected have you seen the
hashtag Thank You Shane thing I think
you should because we meant every word
oh that's so sweet I did see some tweets
um you guys saying how much you love me
and there was also a bunch of who the
fuck is Shane I hate that guy how do you
hate me if you don't even know me
actually I get it Oh God okay thought it
was a cup of people matter but it's tea
thank God I got some tea and it makes me
feel better
I don't think I'm going to school
tomorrow I don't know if this is you
telling me because you think we're
friends
are you telling me because you're trying
to tell me that you're home tomorrow and
there's gonna be nobody else there
either way I'm getting arrested whoa
sorry I'm annoying well yeah then it
that is annoying
please follow everything all right fine
just cuz you asked nicely although
sometimes people are like please follow
this person they're your biggest fan and
then I go to their account and they're
not even following me it's a hard life
literally me Oh No hey I'm deactivating
for a while what does that mean is that
like a new way of saying suicide because
a girl unless you're a robot
you can't deactivate yourself believe me
I have tried oh because I have so much
going on at school I just want to say
Olivia oh that's sweet but why do you
have to deactivate what does that mean
can't just leave your Twitter there's
something else going on to that story
girl and I want the details I had a
dream that you DM me back
I'm so sad it wasn't real by the way I
like your new shirts all of them wish me
luck on my finals I'm almost done with
my first year at college and that moment
when your fans are smarter than you love
you Congrats
whoa all I saw was the word horny let's
read hey I'm drinking iced lemonade fam
it's so good it makes me horny do I read
fandoms and put this in it wow that's a
weird how did you know does food make
you horny like it makes me horny I don't
know if y'all Americans have this but
it's basically an iced tea latte from
McDonald's and it's the reason why I'm
obese this might be my new favorite
person of all time how do I talk to guys
without sounding like a sex crazed horny
slut
well for starters don't have me as your
profile picture also your name probably
shouldn't be little from the back that
makes it sound like you like but stuff
and with me is your profile picture
well that name that picture a lot of
butt stuff alright let's do one more why
the hell is your channels name human
emoji what's going on well well well
some of you might have noticed that my
second channel has a new name I don't
know it might be a secret project I'm
working on yes I'm working on something
for that channel human emoji is a title
of something that I'm working on I'll
tell you more later also it's supposed
to be a poop emoji but for some reason
YouTube wouldn't let me so now it's just
a scared face which isn't that far away
from a poop emoji if you're me and you
have bowel issues
alright guys go that was me reading
through your DMS it's always a nightmare
dressed like a daydream no it's dressed
like a nightmare I'm kidding
I love you guys so much thank you for
always supporting me and writing me nice
stuff and crazy stuff I love it all and
I'll see you guys tomorrow make sure to
give this video thumbs up spread you all
that shit and I love you guys bye I may
be a free elf but you can be my master
anytime don't know how to respond to
that rub me three times and I'll come
and I'm leaving my direct messages
