heads up you guys I know what you're
thinking when you look at me damn that's
a pretty girl fuck she looks good today
and I just want to say thank you and
also fuck you can't help it that I have
a pretty face but luckily I'm in a good
Club next to Britney Spears in Iggy is
Louie oh we're just a bunch of pretty
girls just live in our fucking lives
life is so easy for us cuz we're pretty
and rich and slightly talented but not
super talented like just as talented as
like somebody who's really fast at
bagging groceries now luckily all of us
pretty girls and grocery baggers have a
song it is called pretty girls by
bernice resonate you Luva and i'm going
to read the lyrics and find out what it
all means all around the world pretty
girls I guess you haven't traveled wipe
the floor with all the boys what does
that mean like actually spilling some of
your case Arena on the floor and then
like grabbing a boy coming it up with
them cuz Britney I am free anytime you
have some case or Rito spillage pour the
drinks bring the noise
it's a gigs I definitely feel like a lot
of people want to be drunk when Iggy's
around hey what's up is a girl oh hey
Iggy oh oh please give me drunk Dumbo I
don't want to be here anymore mentally
we're just so pretty all around the
world pretty girls
once again I mean yes there are pretty
girls everywhere but like sometimes it's
hard fine
I spent six months in Pittsburgh and I
was a Pittsburgh ten so that just tells
you where the bar is joke the line to
the front do what we like get what we
want that's not being pretty that's
being rich I've been to the movies and
seen a lot of pretty girls in line
behind me and guess what we just stay in
the back of the line cuz it's the pretty
girls you steal all the popcorn butter
and I'm not letting that ship fly no
ball do you want like a pretzel or a hot
dog no that's like way too many calories
you're right let's just get a small
popcorn
yeah totally super small do you guys
want butter no we should now we can't
really shit okay just a little will tell
you when okay that's enough we don't
wanna be pigs
hey don't you know that it's always the
same from Australia to LA that's not
true cars are on other sides of the road
people eat kangaroo people are named
Iggy it's different they can laugh but
they don't get the jokes really Britney
really kind of jokes you got brainy some
knock-knock erse I don't see you coming
with a complicated jokes girl
I think you have a lot of interrupting
cow in your joke book not now this air
Brittany interrupting cow interrupting
cow who Moe ha got you know beruete
you're supposed to move before I finish
saying the word you just don't get it
the girls roll up windows roll down dude
afforded eyes on us jog on the ground
who puts together crazy fart watch them
go it's so funny this song is about them
fart in the car making people run away
I like this tell me is it true that
these men are from Mars is that why
they've been acting so bizarre
yes Britney everybody else is from Mars
you're normal you're from Earth every
time I walk out of my house it's like
hey baby what does that mean are you
tripping over your children Oh God hey
baby
oh hey baby hey baby how many babies you
have by the way a lot of babies if you
ask me I'm killing them softly ooh
that's scary
just imagine Britney Spears walking into
your bedroom at night putting a pillow
over your head and just letting you die
actually sounds great I would spend time
with you but that would cost me yeah
that's what girls say to me when I want
to go to the sizzler ooh I would go with
you Shane but you're gonna have about
five trips to the salad bar and like
three trips to the dessert tray so limit
cancel enter in line between the Beauty
and the Beast slim waist fit cake the
whole world wants a piece I don't like
thinking about humans like food I don't
want to cut into a piece of ass and eat
it it's not cake
Iggy it's an ass where shit comes out of
I don't know if you've ever seen a cake
before but they're fucking delicious and
you can link your fingers after you eat
it if you lick your fingers after you
even asked you're dying of e.coli virus
and don't even try to put a candle in
there it's never coming back
and then the song ends with we're so
pretty we're so pretty we're so free I
love that Britney's getting back to her
humble roots well I give this song three
out of five pretty girls with cake butts
let me know what you think down in the
comments I if you like the song green
eyes I was like in this video a thumbs
up and subscribe because I make new
Lino's every fucking day and just know
guys if you don't feel pretty don't
worry about it because the bar is low
now there's not that many pretty people
out there all of us are pretty much
average now all the pretty people died
off that should make you feel better all
right you guys
love you secret mom bye make fucking
sure that your camera is not
front-facing when you open your phone I
can't even tell you how many body
dysmorphia moments I've had while I've
been trying to take a scat drug I'm like
you know what I'm just gonna take a fun
snap maybe I'll take a picture what I'm
eating or what I'm doing oh my god
perfect
