hey what's up you guys yes it is another
one of these videos where I'm just going
to talk to you guys about nothing really
and then you're gonna click off but you
clicked it which means I got the view
high five I'm kidding keep watching
because I think the view only counts if
you watch halfway through the video so
if you're bored right now if you just
skim to that mark so you know I'll mama
out anyways yes today we're just going
to be talking about some bullshit I just
got back from tour promoting my book I
heard myself which you guys already know
about I promoted it enough on here
ah no but it worked really really well I
went to fucking so many cities I don't
even remember it was like a different
city every night I felt like Ke$ha I
knew what all those like rock stars
we're talking about when they're like
mad you go to bed you wake up you're in
like different city you're so high on
coke and there's so many dead hookers
around you I know that feeling now
except for place coke for a diet coke
and replaced dead hookers with candy
wrappers and that's my fucking life so I
found out through this tour that there
are three different types of fans who
come to these main Creed's number one
the ones who want to touch your body and
then tell you about it I had multiple
kids come up to me give me a hug which
is fine but then stroke me up and down
sometimes grab an ass cheek and then
after they let go they'd say you're so
soft which is not a compliment you know
who wants to be soft a 45 year old woman
a baby soft equals muffins muffins equal
muffin top muffin top equals spandex and
spandex is what I'm wearing right now
and it still doesn't help number two uh
there is the kid who came with her
friend and she wants you to know she
doesn't know who the fuck you are oh
honey nice to meet you I don't even know
you are honestly like I came here
thinking I was gonna meet like a famous
person and then she's like Shane Dawson
and I was like who's that now I look at
you and I'm like gross can I have a
ooh you're so soft why do you need to
tell me that why do you need to tell me
that you don't know who I am I don't
care
you know I don't know you bitch oh these
bitches trying to make me drip
that's how greasy I am you can see
through it and the number three type of
fan that I met was the awesome fan which
was pretty much most of you guys first
of all thank you for coming and buying
the book and supporting me thank you for
waiting in that long-ass line thank you
for not caring that I'm a sweaty person
so when you hug me you felt the water on
my back you didn't scream and in all
seriousness thank you for coming it was
great yeah also while I'm saying thank
you I should say thank you to you guys
because of you guys my book has been on
the New York Times bestseller list for
like five weeks in a row or something
which is fucking crazy and it's still
number one at Barnes & Nobles which is
fucking crazy so thank you guys um I'm
really really excited and maybe just
maybe I might already be working on my
second book also I just want to bring up
my hair right now because I know a lot
of you guys are questioning it you're
like Shane did I just travel into a time
machine and go back to 1997 when that
was popular yes you did welcome
Titanic's number one of the box office
for some reason people are eating
whoppers Bill Cosby's the funniest
community in the world there is nothing
creepy about it yes we have traveled
back in time um no I don't know what the
fuck is going on I'm going to be fucking
honest I shaved my head during the movie
it started growing out then I didn't
know what to do with it I tried to do
the Joey Graceffa Connor Franta every
closeted youtuber swoop didn't work so
then I was just like you know what I'm
just gonna let it grow and now this is
what it's doing I had too much pride and
integrity to do the full swoop I feel
like I can't do that anymore because it
would be creepy so I just want to let
everybody know and I'll be totally
honest I'm transitioning right now I'm
in a weird spot I don't really know what
my hair is going to be I don't really
know what it is right now I'm just
trying to live in the moment my
interview with Diane Sawyer about it is
coming out next Friday so get ready for
that oh my god the grease doesn't stop
what else is going on I'm still going to
the gym that's happening I'm really
trying hard to like my body
it has been hard I want to do a full
video about this at some point soon just
an update on my eating disorder that's a
fun video I'll give you a sneak peak of
the thumbnail it's gonna be some
like this no I do want to kind of talk
about it because I feel like that's
something that I made a video about a
few months ago and then I never really
brought up again but um it's getting
better I've been a little easier on
myself as far as my body dysmorphia I'm
trying not to be so mad when I put on
clothes in the morning I'm trying to
remember that I am just a person and I
don't have to look like a model which is
never going to happen and I've been
seeing a lot of tweets from you guys
especially since I talked about it in
the book a lot of people are coming up
to me asking for advice or for help or
whatever and it's hard I don't know you
know I don't want to give bad advice I
guess my my main advice would be to not
look in the mirror cover all reflective
surfaces make fucking sure that your
camera is not front-facing when you open
your phone I can't even tell you how
many body dysmorphia moments I've had
while I've been trying to take a
snapshot I'm like you know what I'm just
gonna take a fun snap y'all take a
picture of what I'm eating or what I'm
doing oh my god perfect I'm never eating
again but I have been going to therapy
and yeah just talking through it I think
that's the main thing if you're dealing
with a disorder whether it's an eating
disorder or body dysmorphia or anxiety
or whatever you have to talk about it
you can't just hold it in so that's what
I've been trying to do lately wow this
video just got realest fuck I should end
it on a joke I quit diet soda ah damn it
all right you guys I'm gonna go leave me
a comment letting me know what's going
on in your life feel like I haven't seen
you guys in a while I mean I know
technically I do talk to you guys on
these videos everyday but not like this
I'm sure this meant something really bad
in sign language I'm sorry I think it
means like fuck you fuck me too fuck
also last thing if I do another
meet-and-greet at some point the future
can you guys not give me a hug and then
touch my arm and go ah it's so hairy I
know I'm aware I hate it
bye guys I love you oh my god this first
one is from Grandparents Day when I was
in elementary school and if you zoom
into my face I definitely look like a
serial killer hiding the secret that
smirk though don't trust it
