it's one of my favorite clips of all
time I put him on my Instagram my
snapchat there's a girl who eats her own
scabs oh really oh it's the best hey
guys today I woke up with about 28 new
emails from my mom with the subject that
said look what I found
well that's never good and today is no
exception she sent me about a million
pictures of me when I was little and I
thought you know what instead of opening
these and crying by myself
why don't I cry in front of you guys
alright I have not seen these yet I have
blocked all of these memories out of my
mind time to bring them all back oh my
god this first one is from Grandparents
Day when I was in elementary school and
if you zoom into my face
I definitely look like a serial killer
hiding the secret that smirk though
don't trust him oh that's me and a
jacuzzi with my grandma why is that
disturbing
there's just something sexual about
jacuzzis they're just too romantic my
parents used to fuck in a jacuzzi and
they would play really loud music so
we'd be like oh I wonder what they're
doing oh they're just listening to music
no we know what they were doing
just like when people use your bathroom
and they like turn on the sink that
means you're pooping we know that oh my
god I think this is Christmas that's my
brother hair on fleek though my grandma
who is totally out of it and then me who
literally looks like I'm going to kill
my entire family in their sleep which is
pretty accurate
no I didn't succeed though such an
underachiever oh that's face oh my god
but you know first of all let's talk
about what my mom looks like a porn star
that's not too bad I had that wig but
look at my team can you see that one too
that was that criminal that prisoner -
he was always trying to break out oh my
god oh that double chin though those
bangs though that creepy ass staircase
though good lord
can you look at a haunted house oh can
those legs let's get it close up on
those legs
oh it literally looks like two people if
you put my leg next to my little cousins
body
it's bigger than her no it looks like
turkey legs like hey um it's making me
hungry oh my god
this was my lesbian face I love
camouflage I thought it made me
disappear I was wrong I love spiky hair
and it looks like I'm
lipstick because I probably get the only
picture of me shirtless you will ever
fucking see not gonna lie though they
looking good oh my god this was me on my
first day of school in front of my dad's
truck and this is me at school in a
group being like hey guys can we be
friends and then two seconds later they
were like did you hear something no
weird was that the wind no like
seriously what's that the wind and they
weren't joking for some reason my mom
sent me a picture of her and her friend
drinking I mean I guess it explains a
lot
oh this was me swimming with my shirt up
and a mask just all covered oh look at
me thinking I was sexy like ooh let it
come into the pool daddy
big ass legs oh fuck those titties
though I'm pretty sure that's a picture
of me holding my mom on my shoulders I'm
really learning a lot about myself right
now
oh my god that is me and my mom
McDonald's first of all I have her
haircut right now second of all I have
her jeans and that shirt that's
literally what I wore on my book tour oh
and last but not least it's me is the
devil yeah pretty accurate well are you
guys ago that was my childhood kind of
there's a lot more where that came from
but I think that's all my heart can take
right now it's you guys I'm gonna go
give this video a thumbs up subscribe
all that it hope you had fun reliving
childhood with me I did not have fun at
all and I'll see you guys tomorrow
oh I like that yeah put in your throat
oh shit
you swallowed Ash's hard shit oh shit oh
no no where'd you go I wanna see you
digest it that's the best part
