but I think I've kind of grown out of my
weird food stage yeah I used to go to
Yogurtland and just get toppings like
I'd get the little container and just
fill it with toppings that sounds good
so fucking good what's the point of the
yogurt who needs it
fuck yogurt hi hey yo that's my new
yogurt store I'm opening up soon that's
it
hey guys yes we're doing it again what a
mistake I'm gonna be opening up your
guys's snaps let me just tell you your
snaps are gross first of all let's just
talk about my background that would be
me and Hilary Duff jealous Lisa is
alright let's go to snappers see what's
snapping boom what's happening I don't
know what that was she was either dying
or living either way I'm just gonna move
on thanks lindsay lohan cuz you know
youtube makes money
hello am I here wait what did Lindsay
Lohan make a YouTube channel oh I would
subscribe to that shit hey guys here's
my first daily vlog
subscribe whoa what the hell is that oh
I think it's a horse or a really
unattractive fan but beautiful in her
own way oh it's a pussy
hi that's the first legal pussy I think
I've gotten on here
not the Arias I'm curling my hair
because I'm ratchet at least you know a
lot of people don't know how ratchet
they are Oh like this girl she don't
know how ratchet that was I think that
was her be like you know why I'm gonna
try today boom oh there's so many cute
pussies on here today Oh another one
I watched you since the beginning oh
thank you oh I think I just saw a dead
person wait hold on
however you load well I guess I couldn't
save them no oh what's this guy again
you might be my favorite I love your
book podcast and videos well thank you
and I ain't bout that life I'm waiting
for you girl open if you're under the
age of 18 please don't want to open me
on your picture cuz I mean come on now
it's like getting a lower-back tattoo
that says right here
well she's so sad I will murder you in
your sleep oooh it's even sadder that I
believed her oh my god she's dying she's
having an asthma attack oh my god we're
watching her die right in front of us oh
no you're all in it with me if I go to
jail you go to jail we didn't do now
that we did save her but you know what
maybe it was for time Shane is this game
what that was just you picking your nose
which by the way I do all the time in my
videos I need to stop oh shit
Shane be the dad I never had oh that's
sad also you don't want that oh it's a
little doggy with the bone see that's a
lot better than putting an actual bow on
your dog because they hate that trust me
I know I cover my dog in so many things
it's really funny when I put my balls on
her head she never mind oooh
it's like the unfriended trailer oh whoa
uh hey you look pretty you heard a face
- uh my sister likes your mom wait what
no that one has a lot of writing on it I
can't read all that but I'm just gonna
say thanks oh it's this I'm 12 years old
well then I can't make any jokes what is
happening wait Oh woo foot porn well I
like that yeah putting your throat
Oh bullshit yeah yeah you swallow that
she's following shit oh shit oh no no
where'd you go I want to see you
digested that's the best part
oh oh oh that's sweet I think I want to
measure you big again boom he's naked in
bed
I think that's Troy Sevilla - since
savea's seven Sigma I don't know I want
to fuck about I'm missing you your
favorite song if you tell me what is
this what you don't know my favorite
song that's like me I'm like all Shane
I'm your best friend I'm gonna get you
your favorite kind of food for your
birthday the hell's your favorite food
you don't know me
no oh god that scared the shit out of me
cuz honestly that's what something guys
the pictures look like just keep it real
I'm like Oh an American Horror Story
poster oh no no that's you that's you oh
she posted that to the internet oh that
one too oh oh you know what I like about
her though she don't give a fuck no Fox
anyone home ooh obviously not show
parents cuz if they were home it
wouldn't be letting you do this
I don't know fuck that you think I'm
fucking rebel fuck you absenting this
fucking chicken hold on that was a weird
premonition thing right because I just
said that if your parents were home
that's why you're sending because your
parents would want you to send it and
she was like I don't give a fuck on my
parents say she hear me she in the TV is
this hat what's happening all right I'm
all I gonna do one more cuz now I'm
scared I love you sure that she was
gonna show you my pussy
oh god oh thank god poof kid I got real
bad real fast but your pussy was sweet
loved it
it was black though wasn't expecting
that alright guys go that was me Oh
buddy kept all the snapchats hopefully I
choked back if you want to let send me
snapchat since lol Shane Dawson and dear
Lord just no more pussy pictures please
I'm good at you guys I'm a funny would
be a funny we do major news video thumbs
up and subscribe to do all that other
shit
I'll see you mom
bitch oh my god bitch the moves though
oh my god I'm holding that pose oh oh
that looks like a heart I was beautiful
