can I just say one thing the hashtag cut
for Zayn I don't think it's real I think
and started it cuz they love doing that
Oh for oh here we go
that was awesome hey that's up you guys
I know what you're thinking you clicked
on this video and you're like that's not
Cameron Dallas that's him in 35 years
one sorry okay can't help that I'm not a
Twinkie teenager with puffy nipples and
no stomach hair instead I have really
sad small hard nipples and a lot of
stomach hair my stomach kind of looks
like a bearded gnome going it's fucking
disgusting
anyways let's talk about Cameron dalas
new song she bad dough now this song
just came out a lot of you guys wanted
me to review the lyrics and I'm really
excited I watched the music video um it
was all cheap I know you got that bond
money though and don't come at me like
Oh shame vine doesn't make money girl
you got that expelled money at all got a
boost up your production value bitch
anyway this video is not about his music
video it is about a song so let's get to
the lyrics she bad bye Cameron Dallas
who did it he's talking about oh my god
the lady at Chipotle today who is
serving me my beans she was bad not like
in a cool way she was just bad I was
like can I get two servings and she was
like half a scoop fuck off if you with
it shake that shake that I don't think
I'm with it also your fans are like 10
they don't have that much to shake
although most kids are fat now so maybe
they knew late nights no dress code
that's usually what it's like at the
under-18 clubs you can wear whatever you
want Target Kohl's forever 21 just no
gang attire then do a lot of under 18
clubs recently she stays fly like jets
go what that doesn't make sense I think
he picked up a book of Ebonics and he
was like okay mmhmm sure and then some
black eye producer was like yeah no no
that makes sense you paying me in cash
right don't have no reasons ain't got no
mo camera and I'll give you ten dollars
if you tell me what Mo is stands for see
her lifestyle stay bankrolled but she
worked like it ate though right what so
why are you saying that this girl that
you like is on your payroll like you pay
her what she do does she tweet for you
hey yo girl take a picture of me tweeted
for my account make yo dough though
that's actually a good idea I heard Kim
Kardashian has some girl she pays
$100,000 a year to facetune her yes she
might get ratchet but she knows she
bad though okay what does ratchet mean
he's saying you're like it's a good
thing but doesn't ratchet mean like
shitty hair and ugly nails
I can't imagine Cameron Dallas running
around some chicken with shitty hair and
ugly nails but he does hang out Nash
Grier
I'm kidding her nails are on point girl
she knows she bad though she know she
bad she bad though I don't know is she
bad do we know she bad do we know I
don't know what is happening Monday
through Friday she often her zone where
she working what does that mean she's in
her zone she behind the cash register at
mcdonnell's hey y'all can I get some
fries doll oh and your number though
here's your fries but I only date
snapchatter stars sorry come Friday
night she knows that it's on call her
girls and she rollin up hit the party
it's going up I just imagine him in the
backyard with all his little friends and
they get one of those big blowup jumping
consoles and it starts to blow up and
they're like woo girl it's Friday it's
going out it's going up am if I be to
one of your crazy vine parties I love a
bouncy castle shake that work that move
that yeah once again your fans are 10
this is what's happening when your song
plays shake that move that work that was
she bad though daddy's all delusional
whoo this just got dark upscales her
usual bad chick from the valley needs
cash to be suitable wait she homeless
man what's happening to her dad leave
her is he helping her oh I love him now
he don't know her habits huh oh she's on
drugs she likes to party
mmm yeah that's how it starts she knows
she bad oh my god is this song actually
about a girl who's bad like bad oh is it
gonna end with her going to rehab and
him picking her up after 60 days if you
with it you can get it if you with it
you can get it it does sound like
something you say group therapy right
now if you with it you can get it if you
with it
you came get it stay strong keep on
shaking that thing yeah shake that
bang-bang-bang
keep on shaking that thing for me once
again
shaking that thing keep on shaking that
thing take that thing for me oh yeah all
right guys go that was the lyrics to
Cameron dalas ashy bad toe I'm gonna
give that song 5 out of 6
five seconds I also like that he's
trying to be a rapper now that's kind of
like a youtuber trying to be an author
oh wait oh how many times am I gonna do
that all right you guys I'm gonna go
hope you have fun shaking that shaking
that with me I have fun shaking that
shaking that with you and I'll see you
guys tomorrow make sure to give this
video a thumbs up subscribe do all that
shit send this video to Cameron Dallas
who knows maybe he'll like it and then
me and him will become friends and then
I won't tell him that I'm 26 I'll be
like no Cameron I'm here H I'm like 15
and then I'll hang out at his house and
we'll play Jenga the nash grier will
come over we'll just be like all over
each other and then you'll be like hey
if you want to be an expelled - and I'll
be like sure or what playing your best
friend and you'll be like no playing my
grandpa I'm old though see you guys
later
haha Meghan wants to know for your Q&A
video which celebrity do you hate most
and why honestly I don't hate anybody
I'm just full of love and support and
honestly I just look at the whole world
and I'm like everybody do you fuck the
Kardashians
