hello and welcome to bomb.com when we
talk about the things that are blowing
up on the Internet
so something that has been positively
taking the internet by storm is a
website called how - old dotnet and
contrary to popular belief it is not a
website that facilitates pedophilia the
idea behind the site is you upload a
photo of yourself or someone you know or
a stranger it honestly doesn't matter
the site then uses some sort of
technical algorithm to determine how old
that person's face looks but the reason
it's taken off so quickly is the site is
not doing a great job which would be
totally fine if that wasn't its only
purpose
so I my computer right here in the
website open and I'm going to be
uploading some photos of youtubers to
determine how old the site thinks they
are we're going to start of course with
the lovely shane dawson the site says
shane in that photo looks 34 which
unless he's been living a very
complicated and intricate double life i
don't think is true next youtuber next
we were going to do lisa schwartz it
says she looks 26
good job website and the next youtuber
is Trevor Moran the website says there
are no faces in this photo and how I
know face was not included in the head
shoulders knees and toes song but I'm
pretty sure that is his face we are
going to do youtuber mighty Murphy the
website says he is 31 older ladies have
him because apparently he's not a miner
anymore
next we're going to do youtuber tide
Levi oh he is 32 of em ladies he's yours
and finally we're going to do youtuber
Kevin draw me a key
Oh Kevin is 35 it's a little awkward cuz
he just went to prom Kevin trying to
relive your golden years much okay so
obviously this website is not great at
telling the ages of teenagers but you
know who is great at telling things
about people me potentially we're gonna
see so what I've decided to do is take
over for this website and I am going to
be telling various things about various
youtubers just kind of from from their
picture that's it let's begin okay so if
I'm looking at this picture of Shane I'm
just gonna connect my psychic powers
I believe Shane has said the word celery
in his life 47 times that's it I can't
justify it just like the website has no
bounds for anything but I'm just I'm
feeling like it's the truth all right
I've got this picture of my temerity I'm
just gonna Mikie Murphy has licked 12
spatulas over the course of his lifetime
Muniz what is picture of tight Levi's
tied Levi's has at one point in his life
shaved off his eyebrows and replanted
them kevin droney AK has saved 11 cats
who are about to be eaten by bears
during separate times in sets of two
finally I'm going to do the same thing
to myself Alexis she's all has a
deep-seated fear of cockroaches and blue
pastries and cries herself to sleep at
night over the fact that she was never
allowed to have a pillow pet growing up
wait I wasn't supposed to say
