hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news my name is destory
and Zombies fucking scary ah but this is
what the fuck news we're talking about
the news that makes you question what
the fuck is wrong with people and the
first thing that I'm talking about today
is President Obama the president being
the punchline of almost every problem in
America from high taxes to spilled ice
cream and everything in between
oh this milk is bad thanks Obama
but Obama was in the news this week when
he attended the White House
Correspondents Dinner with a special
guest that he hired to be his anger
translator I often joke about tensions
between me and the press but honestly
what they say doesn't bother me I'm a
mellow sort of guy and that's why I
invited Luther my anger translator to
join me here tonight
changing world traditions like the White
House Correspondents Dinner are
important I mean really what is just
while requires a Joey nonstop focus on
billionaire donors creates real problems
for our democracy and that's why we run
it no we're not which we're not um who
the hell said that it doesn't matter if
you love or hate Obama this is still
fucking hilarious and I love that it's
just so late no bomb his career that he
just doesn't care anymore yeah he's just
given up and also how did he not laugh
this entire time that's some skill the
skit though being a parody of the key &
peele video that was made over three
years ago didn't make a ton of people
laugh in the audience because most of
the people in the audience were just
crusty old politicians with no sense of
humor we won't always see eye to eye oh
and CNN thank you so much for the
wall-to-wall Ebola coverage but too
always we were one step away from the
walking dead I don't like that no I
don't like that one bit
what is humor could I put a tax on it
next and what the fuck news a bizarre
new trend has become popular in China
where you hire strippers to dance at
your funeral what quiet dead guys
getting more action than I am I'm just
kidding or maybe I'm not I'm not but
evidently the trend has gotten popular
in China because apparently it brings
more people to mourn at your funeral
yeah I don't think that they're mourning
yeah those are not sad tears those are
penis tears and whatever happened to
just having a family or friends mourning
I think it'd be a little bit weird to
have a stranger at your funeral
I can't believe but if God yeah he was a
really good guy did you know it no I'm
just here for the titties apparently
though since the latest incident where a
woman hired over a dozen strippers to
attend her husband's funeral Jenna has
apparently crapped out of the law and
made it illegal to strip at funerals
okay I just want to say that this wife
is probably the coolest wine ever my
husband just died so I'm gonna hire
strippers to give him a happy send away
to the afterlife
he's probably staring down from heaven
with a boner as we speak as to what the
fuck news have you ever wanted to put
your dead ex-lover in your vagina
well now you can thanks to a company
that can now take your dead lovers ashes
and put them in a shiny golden dildo oh
wow the product fell 21 grams
also comes with a butt ton of other
unnecessary features like a box that
holds the dildo that requires a key that
you carry around your neck yeah cuz
that's what you want to wear around your
neck
hey man with a key around her neck oh
this is my dildo key don't worry about
it okay but wait there's more
it also comes with a dock for your
iPhone that can play you and your lovers
favorite songs while you pleasure
yourself oh how romantic but that's not
it you can also spray perfume or cologne
that your ex-lover used to wear so it
smells just like them when you're
tickling the bearded clam
okay I've talked about some weird sex
toys in the past but my question is who
the fuck would buy this I certainly
wouldn't you know I'm waiting for the
fleshlight version of this where you can
put ashes at the end of the fleshlight
that's yeah when's that coming out and
lastly in some movie news holy shit you
guys remember in 2008 when the Dark
Knight came out and everyone was
skeptical whether Heath Ledger would
play a good Joker but all the sudden he
was the best Joker ever some photo was
posted earlier this week of the first
look at Jared Leto playing the Joker in
the new Suicide Squad movie and holy
fuck does it look crazy the phone has
been met with a lot of controversy so
far but I personally think it looks
fucking awesome even if they know they
really tried to hammer home that he's
the Joker by having all those tattoos
and weird shit all over him it still
looks really crazy and intimidating so I
can't wait to see what they do with this
also the trailer for Johnny Depp's new
movie Black Mass was released which just
shows Johnny Depp being an intimidating
mob boss with a receding hairline but it
looks really really really interesting
finally the trailer for M night
Shyamalan new movie called V visit was
released which essentially is a horror
thriller movie with a probably really
shitty ending hey guys remember whenever
night Shyamalan directed The Last
Airbender and everyone hated him yeah so
far the reaction the trailer has been
pretty hilarious with some of the best
comments saying so it's a found-footage
horror directed by the guy who excuse my
greek but raped one of the greatest
animated series in the last decade
sounds like a smash here m9 is
box-office poison do us all a favor
Universal and hire people who talent
didn't dry up a decade ago
littlefoot's mom didn't get killed so
you can feed up the garbage oh shit he
went there but my personal favorite
comment had to be from the
official YouTube of Playboy's and said
whoa pretty scary
like what anyways done it's been what
the fuck news sigh question of the day
for you guys is coming yeah fucking
zombies what question of the day for you
guys is what are you afraid of
leave your answers in the comments down
below all of the day's stories as always
in the description down below as well
that's all of my links these boring guys
go make sure to check out my channel
youtube.com slash Captain Estes I post
videos there every week so make sure to
check that out as well anyways though I
will see you next week for another one
to fuck news and Fairwinds
is there a fire going on here there is
now
Shane kicker wants to know how many
dicks can you put in your mouth at once
to dumb a question 5 yay now I swamped
answer God for about 5 minutes thanks
Shelly
