Ezard you guys guess what we've a brand
new podcast with special guests we talk
shit about youtubers we talk shit about
celebrities and what else do we do go
check it out the link is down there
please it's one of the best episodes
ever don't you agree
oh great top 10 check it out now hey
guys guess what today we're doing a Q&A
and I know your first question is what
the fuck is wrong with your hair Shane
why don't you get a cut and my answer is
fuck you ha ha let's start I'm using
snapchat to find the questions if you
want to follow me it's mainly just
pictures of me looking sad in bed and
it's even more sad because you can't do
filters on snapchat so it's rough jackal
wants to know whats 9+10 19 is a trick
question
just some weird new internet thing I
don't know about if I say 19 is it like
oh you're getting out because let's keep
it real I seem gay before that hey Anna
wants to know will you follow me on
instagram nope
you know why because whenever I'm in
public and I'm scrolling through
Instagram if there's like a little kid
on my page or like some girl with her
boobs out and she's like somebody follow
me I get really creepy looks maybe I'm
just getting creepy looks cuz I'm creepy
or maybe I'm getting creepy looks cuz I
follow all the young boy youtubers and
they're always shirtless okay I'll
follow you
freckle wants to know what was your
favorite scene to film in your movie
definitely all the sex scenes
I'm kidding they were terrible not that
the actress was terrible I wanted to
fuck all of them it was more that like
they could feel my penis on their hoo-ha
and there was only a small layer of
underwear in between one of the
actresses I'm pretty sure accidentally
sucked up my penis into her hoo-ha she
coughed air went in we never talked
about it afterward it was a fun day
Shane kicker wants to know how many
dicks can you put in your mouth at once
it's a dumb question 5 Meghan wants to
know for your Q&A video which celebrity
do you hate most and why honestly I
don't hate anybody I'm just full of love
and support and honestly I just look at
the whole world and I'm like everybody
do you fuck the Kardashians fuck wait
man says what where do you see yourself
in 10 years honestly I'm not gonna make
a joke I see myself making movies I see
myself hopefully writing more books
hopefully acting on TV
and honestly just not being dead would
be great Isaac wants to know what is
your favorite old Disney Channel show oh
that's hard it's a time between Lizzie
McGuire and that's a raven
I think that's all written was funnier
but for some reason Lizzie McGuire I
watched more Lizzie McGuire was like
comfort food you know what I mean it was
like a grilled cheese sandwich with some
tomato juice on the side with some Taco
Bell Oh with the cold stone what that's
not what you ate when you were five
Georgia wants to know would you fuck any
of the characters from American Horror
Story
if so who hopefully Evan Peters no I
would not fuck Evan Peters although I
feel bad for him because didn't Emma
Roberts like beat him up or something
I love taking abused men in my arms and
cradling them I probably fucked that old
lady I don't know there's someone better
every time she says one of her mean
little things oh oh we don't need a new
supreme what we need is a new car of it
say that again say it again god I love
her Lisa wants to know what's your
favorite butt plug
this one it lights up Zayn wants to know
what is your favorite kind of poop
honestly my favorite kind of poop is the
running poop I'm not just saying that to
be gross I like the feeling of emptying
out completely like it's the end of the
day at 7-eleven and the guys like time
to clean up the smoking machine oh fuck
and last but not least ever wants to
know will you ever go vegan no I love
animals but I love chicken I love it so
much and yes I feel bad cuz animals are
people too I just love chicken maybe at
one point maybe when Frehley comes over
I know it's just a see her soon collab
or something maybe like she'll show me a
vegan trick to make everything taste
like chicken or she'll just kill me
she'll just chop off my head and eat me
maybe that's why she wants to meet me
oh no either way god I love eating
things well there we go
the other questions for today please and
comments down there with more questions
maybe I'll answer em hope you guys have
fun with me I had fun with you make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe blah blah blah and um I just
love you guys and that's fucking it see
you guys tomorrow guys I just did the
grace show how do you think it went I
think it went really great I'm covered
in glitter yep so that's how you know it
really well in tears and that's how you
know when the best we just may Hilary
Duff
she's pretty great
