hence of you guys yes I am so excited
you know how much I love doing these
videos I love spending I know so if you
have to see these videos I've done three
in a big I don't know but basically I go
on a website called Fiverr not sponsored
I'm actually surprised they haven't
thrown me out the website yet and I
asked strangers to do weird things for
me for money so basically how it works
is I order something and then I have to
wait 24 hours to get the results all
right here we go okay so on my first
Fiverr video I got a video from Jesus
and I kind of want another one but I
think I want Jesus to drag me which is
what's gonna happen when I die all right
so I'm gonna write a script I'm not
gonna tell you guys what it is yet but
uh it's gonna be interesting I will see
it 24 hours
oh my god what is this that's my new
youtube intro
yes uh yes I'm going to pay him money
yes okay you know what's sad if that was
his profile picture on tinder I'd swipe
all right 15 dollars let's do this well
see you in 24 hours
ooh this is fun okay this girl does
comic book pages I will draw a comic
book page for you ah that's good oh my
god wait okay this could be really
interesting oh my god I think I want her
to draw a comic book page that's like me
and Rheinland breaking up and then Ryan
Lindy and Gaiman fail and then it ends
with Dan and Phil O'Reilly doll having
sex $20 to see my relationship crumble
worth it hold on let me look at her
reviews she really did her best to do
accurate depictions of the characters
perfect I want this comic book page to
make me cry all right scene 20 grams oh
my god what is this that's Hollywood
actor turned a video spokesperson and
five her super seller sign me up
he does news
give your loved ones a chance to live an
independent and happy life with a caring
hand healthcare in Phoenix City Alabama
wait what does somebody pay for that I'm
so confused
okay these all look very legit like if I
saw that I would think that was the news
what should I have him say is breaking
news about me should I have them say I
died oh my god then I posted on Twitter
and it's like a moment okay I'm gonna
write a script
well same 24 hours I will record an
American male voiceover yes these terms
describe most internet providers that is
so good isn't him what is he on binary
you should be on TV that's a good boy
fortunately we are Disney Channel you're
watching Disney Channel is that
literally him oh my god
I could literally have him say you're
watching Disney Channel up next on
Lizzie McGuire shane dawson oh my god my
dreams okay yes how much $5 look it
Shawn up your price all right see in 24
hours ooh you know what I had this guy
uh Burton do a rap about me a couple
videos ago and it was everything I think
I want him to do another one but like I
want him to go harder I want him to drag
me and I want to pay him for it
I mean I mean I had these emotions you
know and he's filling us but I'm not
saying you know I need somebody to cut
me out oh that's me that's me it therapy
you have these emotions and when I eat
them all right
they in 24 hours ASMR today I will
create a custom ASMR video for you yes
okay she says you can request anything
you want as long as it's not
inappropriate that's gonna be hard
things like tapping trigger words she's
gonna fight call me back over and over
again fuck do you look fatter than you
did yesterday all right you know I'm
gonna have her eat Taco Bell loudly
while she's reciting the lyrics to every
day well that's triggering well see you
in 24 hours who this person does
snapchat geofilters okay Christie with
the wind these look good these look
legit oh my god what would my be okay
I'm thinking like Muno and cheeto eating
trash and I'm like me and Ryland like
throwing trash near and then it could
say like welcome to trash land for $10
yeah well same 24 hours so I just
realize like my neighbor's going on
snapchat like what oh no wonder they
hate me me this guy just shirt designs
I'm lazy and don't have merch perfect
ooh these look good okay all right let's
have him do like a picture of my cat and
then under it I wanted to say my cat
wants to kill me I feel like that's
relatable to just me I'll see you in 24
hours all right you know what I want to
do one more I want to do Antonia
obviously now she's already made like
two different songs for me I want her to
make a song about my cat wanted to kill
me because I think it might be a fun
like scary Halloween song and then maybe
I can make a Halloween music video for
it I'm thinking so I'm just gonna text
her because we're ready I will see that
in 24 hours all right so I'm gonna go
we'll see what happens and I will see
you guys in a day from now and I still
won't have showered see you then all
right it's been 24 hours and everything
here so excited okay where do we start I
think we should start with Jesus me if I
was a church leader all right here we go
hi I'm Jesus and I want to talk to you
all about something new that I've
created actually that created twenty
nine years ago it's a hybrid between a
human and a pig on the outside it looks
just like a human but on the inside it's
just a big fat hungry snorting Pig all
it wants in life is to eat food roll
around and shit and make youtube videos
I decided to give it a special name
Shane Dawson so if you see a Shane
Dawson running around your neighborhood
make sure to hide your trash cans and
lock your refrigerators because this pig
man is dangerous good luck out there
I need the boy I need the phone one more
time when I die and get to have it well
right before he throws my ass to hell
thank you Jesus okay let's see what's
next
oh let's get a smart video it's like
party
yeah this is why I was born to help of
this be created oh my god that's it
wait I want to hear the test field like
I'm watching like a weird satanic ritual
I feel like T tens gonna die after this
it's my fault alright let's see how it
ends
yeah good job girls
I hope they uploaded that separately
because that that deserves that deserves
to go viral right I think we all agree
all right let's see what's next oh
listen to the radio guy
prepare to be shook I am prepared to
start quaking because coming soon to a
computer screen near you is Shane Dawson
his conspiracy theories will snatch your
wig it's a bird it's a plane no it's
your wig and now it's on the moon yeah
make sure to go subscribe to Shane on
YouTube he really needs the money he
only has like one shirt Shane Dawson oh
my god first of all that was that was
John Shauna baby oh my big is on the
moon okay
he puts next who the news guy
I'm nervous
next up we have breaking news it turns
out Shane Dawson is actually the guy
from Shrek that's right
the youtuber that's famous for calling
himself a pig is actually the character
Rumpelstiltskin from shred this comes as
a shock to a lot of people who always
thought he looked more like Fiona in my
opinion I still think he's a pig oh my
god my wig is past the moon now my wig
is in a black hole bitch oh thank you
sir yeah these are really good today ooh
chocolate man hey Shane you sexy boy I'm
combining two of your favorite things
shirtless guys on the internet and food
I can see his penis I will I literally
can see it like I see the pee hole I
hope you get everything you want this
year including more shirts it's so sad
that you only have one
happy birthday
happy birth I'm gonna have to clear my
history I'm have to delete my father
this is dark let's keep watching does he
have a family
what are they in the other room like I
just kids in the other room like dad are
you almost done
and he's like hold on just a second Oh
cuz that's my future chocolate man I am
speechless and that is hard to do
alright let's see what else
oh the rap song Shane I gotta keep it
real what see mom got Bing got a rep
with Dennis girl hold up Shane I gotta
keep it real what see ma up in a name
once again with my homie Shane can I
tell the truth when it come to Dan and
Phil they're way better ain't lying
gonna get the videos they have you
rollin they planned the simcity bowling
way funnier they really make me chuckle
after you played the Sunday subscribers
gonna double more famous way better
looking what you want me to say I ain't
trying to be mean at the end of the day
which we're gonna find out eventually my
bag
got any attitude plenty sex appeal yeah
you can say I'm fly just like dining
still if I gotta tell the truth man I
keep it real I'm a die-hard fan of
Benefield a that guy doesn't ring a bell
no I'm not familiar
but I wish him was down I don't know
that guy
doesn't ring a bell day no I'm not
familiar dang but I wish them well
hey is he that old sad looking guy oh
yeah my bad sorry oh that was amazing
Wow I'm gonna email him and tell him to
put that on my jeans because I would
actually listen to that holy shit today
has not been a waste of money I mean
it's really fucked up my self-esteem but
that's fine all right let's see what's
next
ooh the comic book Oh actually no let me
get Rylan to read this Whitney will act
it out I made you a comic okay let's
read it together all right sorry oh my
god don't live in a different country or
something
you're the best for one of their videos
but I mean me wow that looks good how
come they made me look better looking
than I Tim in real life it's how the
internet works babe I honestly thought
this person did very well like the
colors all of it is beautiful yeah and
they're a psychic really yes
keep your damn self in oh that was
amazing okay what's next
look at the shirt design oh oh my gosh
that is so good
I want that that literally looks like
cheetah look at the anger the eyes look
the demons you can see them Wow I don't
know legally if I'm allowed to actually
like make these FS but that's incredible
Wow
should have started merch a long time
ago oh snap
see how it looks ah Oh Oh my god
first of all I love that she gave me new
pants and a t-shirt needed it
second of all that's incredible Wow look
how much annoyed Rylan is and how like I
don't know I am it's literally ass
alright I need to submit this to
snapchat it takes like a few days but in
a few days I'm gonna play about this
filter and I will put the footage Kega
alright our neighbors very wait we need
a family portrait in trash land-grab
luminary alright oh no do you love trash
land are you having fun where's Tina
where's cheeto cheeto do you love being
a part of trash land welcome to trash
land where everything smells like shit
we don't flush toilets and I have a skin
rash Illuminati confirmed entrapment
oh my god yeah celebrating trash Slammy
yeah oh my god whoa you're in his ass
well there you go hopefully with a lot
of fun and hopefully my neighbors don't
use snapchat alright so the grand finale
is Antonia now I am really excited she
sent me the link well let me find it
alright here we go
hey what's up you guys yes today's
conspiracy theory about shoes
I'm pretty sure he's plotting Shane's
death he's on the loose and he's ready
to attack he tried to run away tried to
escape
fruit my kids would take the head get
over it he doesn't like you you not
allergic to him but he's allergic to the
only reason he stays is cuz you're a
loony dreams about your death when he
takes cat naps and when he wakes up he
makes his dreams come true cheeto cheeto
he's the killer cat he's ready to
when you're sleeping he will creep up on
you he's got cause he's not afraid to
use them
he will trick you into thinking that
he's innocent but the secret is that he
is a
so loud that they can't hear your
screams when you're filming conspiracy
theories he'll hold a bag of cheetos to
your face and make you suffer as revenge
just waiting for the right time to get
you so many ins and oh no are in on it
too just waited for the right time to
get you finish why are you so good i
need to make it we need to make a music
video for that thumbs up if you agree
that was incredible
Antonia that was my favorite part 3 I
think and this was by far my favorite if
those were so good my voice is higher if
you guys help me do another fun video
let me know at least in comments and if
you want to see my other two that I've
done I'll put the links down there but
uh my god thank you to everybody on
Fiverr who was submitted and did this
this was incredible I love it's my
favorite thing ever
hopefully you guys are funny too as you
guys I'm gonna go make sure to subscribe
my channel use the notification bell
right down below because I make new
videos here sit with it and I am going
to go hide from Tito
because now I'm terrified see you later
