guys holy crap I am sweating from every
orifice or phasis or phasis for missus I
didn't go to college I'm so nervous
right now
ooh this is bad lighting I thought it
would be good but damn ooh ooh what I
have a double okay let's move I am so
nervous right now because I am on my way
to the grace Helbig show to be a guest
and I found out the other guest the
other guest is a queen she's the queen
of all Queens I'll give you a hint what
why not take crazy James uh you know why
not why not
Hilary Duff bitch I don't know what to
do with myself I'm scared I'm nervous
sweating I don't know what my hair is
doing it's it's it's so scared that it
started to fly away off my head oh god I
hope it doesn't completely fly off my
head if Hilary meets me bald if the
Queen sees me without my wig bitch I'm
so excited I'm so nervous and so yes I'm
going to meet Hilary Duff I'm gonna try
to vlog everything I feel like I'm not
allowed to but I'm gonna try cuz I have
to capture this moment I literally I
know this sounds stupid
heymy i literally have been watching Liz
Maguire since I was a kid I have been
obsessed with with it I've been obsessed
with her i watch her a new show younger
which is not for 26 year old man but I
watch it I just I follow her every move
on Twitter I just love her
and I think I love her because I feel
like I can relate to her because I feel
like she's a cool down bitch but she's
also not crazy like she's like the
normal one of Disney and I feel like I'm
the normal one of YouTube that's not
true either way I'm excited let's do it
hey guys okay so I'm at the grace Helbig
show house right now and I'm gonna meet
Hilary Duff soon they're sequestering
her in another room because they want my
reaction to be real they did not Pat me
down to make sure I didn't have weapons
and impend anything like they don't know
what I'm gonna do so they're keeping her
hidden I'm so excited I'm so nervous
guys I just did the grace show how do
you think it went I think it went really
great I'm covered in glitter yep so
that's how you know it went really well
in tears and that's how you know when
the best we just may Hilary Duff
yeah she's pretty great oh yeah she just
yeah she's just she's a human being is
she she's a human being
um I was scared I was nervous her hair
is like really cool like she looks like
Tyler Oakley and jennamarbles and
combine that's such a good call yeah
it's really really true I think I made a
mistake I touched her too much no I
didn't touch her enough gosh the show
I'll put the link down there actually no
no it's on TV that does make any sense
it's on it Friday linked to television
it's the future
haha hey guys yes it is the end of the
day this is her dream he's a made of
vlogs when do a little recap on how it
went I think went really well I'm
excited I think I made Hillary laugh
which is good I made her uncomfortable I
touched her too much so all of that was
great um it's so funny on the way there
when I was in the uber I was literally
thinking okay what am I gonna say to her
okay
here's how I thought it was gonna go to
my it I thought like I would walk into
the green room and she'd be like there
with like her people and then like they
would all step outside to go smoke or
something cuz I feel like all those
people smoke and it'd just be me and her
and then I'd be like nice to meet you as
if I didn't really know who she was you
know keep it cool and it should be like
hi I'm Hillary and I'd be like oh my god
I'm Shane I didn't sit down and be like
so like where do you live and then she
tells me her address and I'd be like
cool I'll come over and then like in my
head it kept playing like I make her
laugh and she'd be like you're so funny
and I'd be like thanks Hil
I'll call you he'll is that cool Duff
he'll what do you like he'll okay we'll
go to help keep making her laugh and
then I was like you know then we do the
show and then afterwards she's like
you're really funny we should hang out
then I'm like well not really doing
anything they'll text you and be like
sorry bro can't hang out tonight I gotta
hang out with Hill and then like me and
Hill would like go to a Thai restaurant
like she gets a peanut sauce cuz I know
baby likes that and I would probably get
some kind of chili sauce cuz you know we
can't they um and then we would talk
about her son and then we would talk
about like just her dreams and her goals
and her new gray hair and and then after
that we would like go back to her place
and I'd be like why are we at your place
this is so weird this is our first time
hanging out she's like don't worry come
inside let's play Jenga and I'm like
girl you know I love me some dinner and
then we stay up all night playing Jenga
and talking playing apples to apples
with her son that didn't happen but no
it was amazing it was so cool and she
was really really nice I get really
excited when celebrities are nice I wish
we would have ended up being best
friends but we didn't get
really talk sides doing the show but
maybe at some point we didn't hang out
probably not after she sees this vlog
god I seem so crazy but you know those
celebrities were you're like oh man if
we hung out we would be friends like
that that person is my friend like I
have had dreams about being friends with
Hilary Duff and it's not a fucking weird
thing like I don't want to fuck her I
don't want our meal from here you don't
say it's not like I'm a creep oh I'm not
like I wanna feel it worth my thumb like
it's not about that I feel like I would
be her friend like I feel like we'd have
a good friend vibe and I didn't really
get to show her that today damn it yeah
but at some point I will nope not
helping she still doesn't wanna be my
friend I guess I'll settle for LaLanne
I'm kidding love LaLanne I did a video
with Lil Wayne you guys remember that
I'm gonna go I'm rambling anyways please
watch the show guys it is on this Friday
night at 10:30 on e watch it watch it
watch it or TiVo it or buy it on iTunes
but watch it watch it watch it because
grace deserves for this show to do well
she deserves to get picked up for a
second season maybe I can come back
maybe Hilary can come back we can have a
reunion anyways if you want to see the
moment of me meeting Queen Duff you have
to tune in please please please please
please watch it on TV don't watch it on
YouTube you assholes sit on the couch
turn on the TV
I know it's hard I know your mom's gonna
be like turn that shit off and you're
like no mom the whole thing explain to
your mom what it is your mom's gonna
like it give it a chance get out a nice
TV frozen dinner heat it up I just
explained my childhood I'd you guys I'm
gonna go be a bunny with me if any of
you and I was a you don't buy ha ha ha
oh you can make this hard for me aren't
you why cuz I'm gonna look so good
already T ha T ha it's looking for one
library no what do you have up here
honestly selfie outtakes
