you know those days when all you want to
do is put on a big shirt place and Mad
Libs know you don't well just wait till
you're 26 and depressed Mad Libs were
probably my favorite thing to do in
school if we were good that day our
teacher would throw us Twizzlers and
play mad libs she might have made me fat
but she made me smart so I thought hey
why not just play it today with you guys
I throw Twizzlers at you if I had them
but I ate them all okay let's pick one
we have the comeback kid and I could get
gross how to clean up your computer I'm
gonna go that one adjective okay um
Farrah Abraham's deep pussy
it works advert Tripoli yeah you guys
are surprised I knew what an adverb was
so depressing verb calmed how old am I
again oh yeah too old phrase number
eight million adjective we already
started talking about Ferris so dead
looking someone take that as a
compliment now have you Brittany
technically they're one person no either
- wait are they one they have one heart
they're two hearts they're two brains
I'm confused room the room with all the
sheet furniture you know when you have
all this stuff because you're a hoarder
so you throw a sheet over it so you sit
down and say oh it's a couch but reality
is just a bunch of dead cats you guys
didn't have that growing up loser adverb
crapoly plural noun dead cats type of
Linkwood Cameron Dallas's tears after he
got arrested adjectives cunting person
in the room the devil adjectives spicy
type of food Farrah Abraham's baby
she'll eat it on accident oh god there's
so many okay I'm just gonna put but for
the rest of them alright here we go
how I clean your computer since I use my
computer every day they can get pretty
fair Abraham's deep pussy and really
drippy I always make sure to keep it
calmed every eight million days in order
to keep it shiny in dead-looking are we
talking about a computer we die my
Pharaoh I'll grab a soft Abby and
Brittany from the sheet furniture that's
a disturbing image and gravely wipe the
keyboard down to get rid of all the dead
cats then
squirt some Cameron Dallas's tears now
there he got arrested on the screen and
get a nice and kunti oh my god this is
the best I want this tattooed on me this
week it was extra dirty because my
little brother the devil decided to
bring his spicy plate a Farrah Abraham's
baby into my room and eat it at my desk
when I yelled butt and told him to stop
he stuck out his butt at me and
continued to but then he started a butt
so hard that it spilled all over his
butt and all over my butt that is the
last time I leave my butt in that room
again oh my god so much truth my eyes go
is my story God and my advice to my butt
don't leave it anywhere it's gonna get
budded let's go hopefully enjoyed that
Madlib question of the day leave much a
nouns down there maybe I'll play the
skin and use your as a suggestions I
hope you guys have fun I got me a bunny
with you Oh see you tomorrow hi this is
just you know a typical picture of me
naked
pretending to kiss the camera sometimes
I like to be like hey I wonder what Lisa
sees when she wakes up and then I take a
picture of it and I say please don't
leave me I don't know I don't know
