hey what's up you guys they just want to
let you know something that I found out
today that will change your lives you
know all those terrible pictures that
you take and then delete right away your
phone saves them no no no not up in the
cloud with all the other celebrity nudes
on your actual phone they're still there
I don't know why I Apple thought it was
a good idea to make a folder called
recently deleted but I'm gonna recently
delete myself from the fucking world if
anybody sees these pictures but then I
was like oh actually this will make a
funny video if I look through my
pictures and show you guys I'll probably
delete myself right afterwards but it'll
be worth it alright I'm going to my
albums Oh God
that was my front-facing camera oh that
was a real good look alright recently
deleted here we go yeah oh fuck umm so
that's not what it looks like that is a
picture of my finger in my butthole
I'm kidding that is me when I'm trying
to like send a sext picture to somebody
and I want them to be like oh my god and
then realize it's just my finger in my
hairy ass leg that looks like a hairy
ass pussy why am I not married yet
oh this is a video oh my god if I
accidentally posted that to Instagram it
would all be over
so that was because I didn't have a
mirror and I wanted to see if my pimple
on my leg was ready to be popped but
I'll just film it playing with it and
then look at the footage and see if I
should pop it and now everybody gets to
see it update it wasn't ready to pop and
yes I was watching little people big
world in the background don't judge me
so this is just a typical picture of
some guy with a bunch of dildos take to
his head whatever this is just you know
a typical picture of me naked
pretending to kiss the camera sometimes
I like to be like hey I wonder what
Lisa's tease when she wakes up and then
I take a picture of it and I say please
don't leave me I don't know I don't know
this is me standing in front of a mirror
putting my arm up and sucking in my
stomach as hard as I could I don't know
why I took it
I'm guessing to see if I looked fat or
not or because I thought it was an artsy
picture that I was gonna post Instagram
and then I said nope
also if you look closely it looks like I
have a big long metal dick
this is a picture that my mom used to
have is her myspace profile picture and
I don't know why I have it I think I was
trying to send it to somebody to be like
hey look my mom used to have a myspace
that's creepy sometimes I like to look
at my mom 10 years ago what's wrong with
that this this was one of my favorite
snaps that I got recently it's a guy who
I think is passed out and he said he's
listening to drops of Jupiter and it's
playing at Applebee's literally MIDI
though just to picture ferry Varun's
vagina no big deal just a picture of me
from the side that I was taking to see
if I have a double chin heard I'm no big
deal just a picture that Jerry Seinfeld
took of his eggs I honestly have no
fucking idea
another one of my neck and I've been at
least another one of my neck boyeur guys
ago those are some of my recently
deleted photos if anything all you did
was learn that I like to take pictures
of myself to see how fat I look and or
gay I look thanks Apple thank you guys
hope you had fun taking pictures with me
I had fun taking pictures with you
that's not right hey just know if I ever
did take weird pictures with you I would
delete them I'd also delete them from my
recently deleted folder because I don't
want to go to jail thanks Apple alright
you guys I love you that is a brownie
sundae bitch but I was right well it's
not brownie sundae with brownie a cool
honestly it tastes like cheesecake
factory just diner Rita in my mouth and
I love it
