hello and welcome to bomb dot-com we
talk about the things that are blowing
up on the internet so brand new internet
trend that has been going around lately
is the Kylie Jenner lip challenge and I
honestly don't know too much about this
other than based on some pictures I've
seen I'm guessing as something to do
with causing allergic reactions to your
mouth so I thought it would be a joyous
occasion if you and I delve deep inside
the World Wide Web
and found out exactly what this
challenge is and what it does to your
face
so for starters I'm going to go to urban
dictionary figure out exactly what this
challenge is your person nominated by
friends / relative applies a small round
container to their lips and sucks their
lips into the container until their lips
they use the wrong form of their appear
to be big and brown like Kylie Jenner's
artificial lips that doesn't sound like
a fun time at all I don't know why
people would do such a thing okay I have
got onto my Twitter at Alexis she's all
and tweeted asking you guys to send me
the waters Kylie Jenner lip challenge
fail video you found I even said in the
tweet I'm going to regret this tweet
immediately and guess what I must be
psychic because I was very much correct
okay so far know when I send me any
videos just a lot of people telling me
not to do the challenge sure wouldn't
think of it that's just dumb
that looks animated there's so much spit
you did it in a candleholder it makes
these little slits in your lips turn
into like butt cheeks I am actually
feeling the feelings they feel before
you vomit oh it's so mushy looking okay
that is definitely enough of that and
unfortunately I think you guys all know
where this video is going I can't beat
it I specifically have to go out and buy
a shot glass for this while I was on the
target I also purchase underwear and a
shirt so I have no idea what the cashier
thought I was up to so let's just so
first you just take it and then each ona
No
oh boy oh geez I think I might have done
it wrong
