hey what's up you guys welcome back to
what the fuck news my name is Destry and
I happen to really enjoy your face you
got a really good face man where did you
get that big but this is what the fuck
news we talk about the extremely weird
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first thing that I
want to talk about today is challenges
from the Internet's craze over the ice
bucket challenge to the new awesome
twizzler challenge for autism where do
you eat a twizzler lady in the Tramp
style as seen here by Chewbacca JJ
Abrams as well as Jimmy Kimmel and
Rihanna but no challenge was thought to
be more stupid than the fire challenge
where you set yourself on fire for no
reason Wow Internet you're smart
that isn't tell me Kylie Jenner
challenge swept the internet last week
where you put your lips in a shot glass
and cut off circulation to get that
perfect bee-stung pouty duck face look
like Kylie Jenner the result of the
challenge left people who did it with
swollen lips for several days and even
in severe cases burst blood vessels in
the lips my god that's attractive I have
got an erection right now
I personally probably will not be doing
the challenge and my lips are already
foundations enough anymore with the buck
news ops it seems like every other week
there's a story about the cops abusing
their power or fucking someone over but
this week the tables have turned as a
video went viral of a girl talking to a
police officer who's actually badgering
the police officer rather than the other
way around you take your glasses off for
me please
I don't feel safe with your glasses on
it and I would like to see your eyes
where are you coming from it's that's
not it's not an issue you have no right
to ask me that can you please take your
glasses off so I feel a little safer I
don't feel safe with your glasses on I I
don't feel safe with your glasses on I
already told the other officer he talked
to someone else yeah the guy that wasn't
wearing glasses okay I don't talk to
cops that wear glasses
duh fuck why is this girl so concerned
about the guy wearing glasses looks like
what if this guy was Cyclops and you
asked him to take his glasses off you'd
be dead this video just makes me cringe
so much and I think that this girl
probably feels like she's justified
talking down to the guy who's just doing
his job this is me so fuck up like I'm
honestly surprised that he didn't shoot
her like what would have happened if
this police officer wasn't
Scot if you're wondering why the officer
was talking to the girl in the first
place apparently she had been parked in
a fire lane for the last couple of hours
why does it matter what I'm doing
officer well see that sign right what
the sign that says state Fish and Game
refuge uh no the other one it says no
parking fire lane is there a fire going
on here oh my god is there a fire going
on here no bitch if there were I don't
think you'd be parked there you'd be on
fire but I can't help a wish that the
police officer would have been like is
there a fire going on here there is now
thanks to what the fuck news a Georgia
mom was arrested this last week after
she threw a naked twister party for her
teenage daughter complete without the
whole need and even having sex with her
daughter's friend's flat
my mom never threw me naked twister
party is so unfair and look I get that
you're trying to be the cool mom it's
tough to relate to kids especially when
your average teenager would rather eat
poison than tuck in his dang shirt or
stop saying sucks in front of Grandma
but I'm pretty sure there's a limit
letting your kids watch r-rated movie
cool letting your kid have a sip of your
beer okay making kids at a party look at
pictures and videos of you having sex
with people no oh yeah we got to mention
she did that too but the 35 year old mom
in questions rachel lynn lenhardt
exposed all of these graphic details to
her a a sponsor who then reported them
all to the police she's currently facing
criminal charges for having sex with not
one but two underage boys at the party
one of them being her own daughter's
boyfriend that's a good old-fashioned
family fun right that's what we call
hashtag win cest also another bummer for
the mom is that she just recently lost
custody of her daughter as well ah man
no more naked twister parties dammit my
question though is just why did she
think that any of this was a good idea
like if I would have come to my mom and
been like sup mom job you don't mind
that I'm gonna have a couple friends
over so we could drink smoke weed and
fornicate till the early hours of the
morning I would have been grounded in my
mouth we've been washed out with soap
for even saying the word in fornication
luckily when I was in high school I
didn't even have any friends to party
with anyways so lastly in Cebu B news
couple trailers were released this past
week including a new trailer for the
Fantastic Four movie I don't be the
first to say that I really wasn't
looking for
this movie at all but you know after
seeing his new teaser that shows a
little bit more of the characters and
their powers as well as the first look
at Doctor Doom I'm a little bit more
excited about it but I'm still kind of
iffy and the official teaser for Batman
vs Superman dawn of Justice was released
which looks pretty fucking sweet shows a
little bit of Ben Affleck in the Batman
suit which surprisingly looks better
than I anticipated but no look yet as to
what the plot is about or anything like
that but still very exciting anyways
though this has been one to fuck news
question of the day for you guys is what
is the coolest thing that your parents
ever let you do leave your answers in
the comments down below all of today's
stories as always or in the description
down below as well as all of my links
also before you guys go make sure to
check out my newest video on my channel
where i talk about swamp nuts you're on
a date you're hoping you can get lucky
but it's humid out and you've got swamp
nuts now if she gets you in bed she'll
be disgusted and you're not just
flooding it in The Rock forehead the
fucking dick smelled like agony I'm
sorry
Wow dustry that looks so good I had to
pay that guy to say that hahaha funny
joke also check out the link in the
description to check out my first album
which you can get on CD or on iTunes I
don't even know if people still use CDs
but when I was in Middle School man
Walkmans were the shit out of you
probably don't even know what I'm
talking about
anyways though I will see you next week
for another one of pop news and
Fairwinds
you
