we wanted to take this to the adult
levels level and that's how it was made
so you pays to make like the caste
around your body he's sitting like as if
you were at the gynecologist yeah
actually I thought I was sitting like I
was giving birth to Sophia oh come on
hey what's up you guys so today I went
to Walgreens to get a neti pot because
I'm a nerd and I saw that they had all
their Easter candy on clearance so I
bought all of it not only my nerd I'm a
fat nerd a fat nerd with priority issues
because I have not even opened up the
neti pot yet I have dumped out all the
candy and organized it into how
depressed I am how hungry I am and how
much I hate myself the piles are pretty
equal but I did get a bunch of these
little eggs and they are all different
random flavors that I have never tried
before so I thought it would be fun if I
test my fat kids skills and I don't look
at what they are and I try them and try
to guess and see how many I get also I'm
just letting you know this video is
gonna be a lot of ooh bitch but also
could be a lot of boom bitch so I'm
gonna keep score down here for all the
good bitches and all the bad new bitches
and I'm somewhere in the middle all
right let's start okay I'm not looking
at what it is but I'll show you guys Oh
giveaway it's white okay oh oh okay
they're definitely a white chocolate
outer shell it tastes like cake but not
like birthday cake like funeral cake
what it takes do funerals funeral cake
that's my last guess it's wedding cake
someone saves a funeral all right here's
next one oh this one's chocolate Oh
bitch I already know what it is
Oh bitch oh bitch
Oh Oh bitch if that is a brownie sundae
bitch look I was right well it's not
brownie sundae with brownie a cool
honestly it tastes like cheesecake
factory just died Rita in my mouth and I
love it right let's see what this one is
oh no this one's chunky feeling around
there Stephanie nuts in it honestly me
though no no oh that one coconut Oh a
coconut
oh it's coconut Oh anybody who eats
coconut and enjoys it I don't trust you
when I'm in a Thai restaurant some
bitchcraft moments of coconut put the
straw in it I'm like
urghhh I would rather put a straw in the
toilet which by the way I've done before
and it's not that bad especially public
bathrooms just like an exotic flavor all
right here we go okay this one's white
again oh I see a little orange sticking
out of the side what does that mean I
hate the flavor of orange this could be
a bad bitch oh bitch Oh
oh fuck ha oh fuck oh oh that's carrot
cake oh I love carrot cake boom hey
carrots
hey vegetables carrot cake though bitch
zucchini cake brussel sprout cake okay
that's too far put any vegetable in a
cake though and I'll eat it oh this is
the best challenge of all time by the
way I would be doing this even if there
wasn't a camera on as depressing Oh
bitch oh wait oh conch oh there's like
it is like somebody chewed up a bunch of
chips ahoy
and then Bertie vomited it into my mouth
oh that's good oh if I ever have like
some kind of issue where I can't chew
and I'm in the hospital and people have
to feed me through a straw bitch
just vomit cookies in my mouth girl I'm
good to go that was right it's vomit
it's cookie dough oh that's a good one
started out bad and then turn good just
like every Tyler berry movie except they
never turned it right oh this one's
chocolate again oh no no oh no oh fuck
that had like the after smell of
kool-aid mixed with horseshit Oh No fuck
Oh beer hmm no no no grapefruit it's
either grapefruit grandmas colostomy bag
oh it's lemon cake I love lemon cake ooh
but chocolate around a lemon bitch
that's not not the jam Russell Stover
you need put your head in a stove
one more Oh white okay doesn't smell
like anything mysterious huh I don't
know how I feel about this this is a
confused bitch he's like clip but
there's something different about it
kind of tastes like a ho ho or ding dong
or zinger or Suzie Q I know way too many
sad fat foods alright I'm gonna go with
devil food cuz I'm like chocolate but
that's like a chocolate cake alright
Oh close it's chocolate wedding cake who
has a chocolate wedding cake cuz I want
to marry that bitch that was not bad
okay that was a fun challenge I'm gonna
die of diabetes why guys go hopefully
you enjoyed that um I am going to go get
on a treadmill and cry question of the
day what is your favorite Easter candy
that you buy when it's on clearance mine
is all of it alright you guys hope you
have fun eating with me I'm funny with
you when else are you
oh my god
