guys guess what the new podcast is out
and guess who the special guest is oh my
god she's fucking Farrah the queen how
do you think the show man
I mean insane ha ha ha it was amazing we
talked about everything everything
you've ever wanted her to talk about we
talked about here she got real as fuck
and you should go check that link is
down there oh gee Wetzel's pretzels you
know what that means this is the
beginning of your video
oh no I've already okay good what's
going on should I tell him I'm going
Kylie how Kylie are you going highly
enough to get for you show us your your
glasses oh well first I got this one
I'll hide the location uh this says I
shot my selfie and she and I were trying
to figure out what that means cuz it
could mean I shot up shooting pictures
or a gun to your head and blowing your
brains out so it's just kind of a fun
youtuber behind-the-scenes type thing
mm-hmm what's the other one oh this is
uh just some babe some beach babes but
shane claims that you have to suck for
15 minutes you do which I don't believe
that's what they all do that's the
challenge I do just watch challenges and
it's all 30 minutes I don't know why she
they don't have time for that the joke
is I do and you should know that Shane
should be doing this this is the first
thing Shane hasn't done why cuz he lives
by his face my lips are beautiful but my
top lip is a problem but my bottom was
fat and luscious why would I want to
fuck it up I get told I have nice lips
all the time I've never heard anyone
tell you who have nice lips all the time
eyelashes lips tell me are you wearing
lipstick I go no they go oh wow that
means your lips are chapped and busted
yes it does her perfect color your lips
don't get chapped when you put on
lipstick girls call me highways he's
gonna do it I'm gonna laugh and it's
gonna be depressing cuz he's gonna fuck
up his face but that's fine ah it might
be a new me alright I'm gonna do this
I'm scared mom I love you dad leave me
alone mmm 9 minutes and 30 seconds how
you feeling
oh you're busy are you tweeting gramming
snapping texting Kylie mmm I don't think
this is gonna work cuz I tried my best
oh that's so fat so it's over how do you
feel behind the scenes of my video yeah
well it's my life wait are you gonna
call this video like I do it and then
just fuck with the thumbnail it's giving
me I could wait hold on what if I for my
thumbnail although that's totally
stealing my daughter you'd have to link
to me oh shit
see and I call the video I did the duck
what is it called
and you guys all fell / oh my god it
would so work on my lips oh it's gonna
fuck up my face look at what he's
already done to my poor little fragile
face oh oh oh I need a smaller one
oh my god ooh uh it did a little bit but
that first initial reaction bitch oh no
I can't do this that was a scary sing of
it what if it oh it looks like a butt oh
you've seen that before doesn't it look
like that you like in porn when the guy
puts his dick in her butt and then he
like puts it in her butt no like when
like when he puts her dick like when he
puts a stick in her butt and then he
goes in her butt and then like makes it
pop out the pussy a little bit right
this is the most depressing song in
history why would you give this to a kid
hey kid you know life is fun and full of
joy that's what you have to get ready
for
