they kind of merged like the housewives
show with the Teen Mom show because
we're getting older and I guess some of
the teen moms are trying to be
housewives but it doesn't really work
out because their husbands aren't
successful you know person of all time I
went to Walmart about a lot of things
they were all toys I mentioned I'm a
grown-up hey guys
yes today we're gonna be playing with
toys again except I wouldn't call them
toys I call them little trinkets to piss
me off because every time I play with
them they never fucking work they always
break they always hurt me I might as
well call them friends and family right
one foot okay so this first one is a
frozen microphone I don't quite
understand how its microphone because it
doesn't plug in anything both sound
activated lights what hello oh hello can
you see the light hello bitch okay
that's kind of amazing and I hate frozen
but I don't care this is great also this
little snowman is playing at the beach
does somebody want to tell him he's
gonna die
or should I do it you're gonna melt into
a big puddle of nothing hahahaha fuck
you let it go let it go I've never heard
this song before just this part and
that's eat I know seriously that's all I
know
glitter party umm I played with a lot of
putty it's not a weird what I meant was
I play with a lot of putty on my channel
that sounded even weirder but I have
never seen glitter putty before really
excited about it I feel like it's gonna
look like Lady Gaga's placenta and I'm
honestly just really excited to eat it
alright here we go it's like nothing in
here and it's hard this is not what I
was expecting from the clearance section
at Walmart
nevermind I'm having fun oh wow like gay
taffy but it's kind of hard and then it
just dries out it's like gay taffy that
a gay guy just left on the sheets for a
while yeah that's what it is this is
called the musical animal so I guess
it's supposed to make you feel happy
when you're sad or like if you're a sick
kid and maybe I give you this and you're
like I'm still dying but I'll take the
toy that's what's really frustrating to
me just total sad note
I feel so bad for kids for like in
hospitals
stuff and then you have like random
d-list celebrities coming and visiting
them and be like bitch give it Beyonce I
don't want the fat one from NSYNC
actually I kind of want the fat one from
NSYNC
what this is the most depressing song in
history why would you give this to a kid
hey kid you know life is fun and full of
joy that's what you had to get ready for
God how sad I wish I would have had this
when I was a kid I would have known how
hard life was gonna be although I
probably would have eaten it mom why is
my butt singing oh no stunts copter this
is a helicopter that supposedly don't
need batteries for because I'm fucking
lazy and I feel like it's not gonna work
no I gotta put it together I told you I
was fucking lazy okay so I guess I just
shove this in here no here no here oh I
think I figured it out oh yes I'm a
fucking genius it's all those stuffed
animals like raindrops keep falling on
my head that doesn't mean that my
parents will be dead
cuz grandparents die before parents and
then your pets will all die life sucks
wait up for your kids okay this is
really confusing oh fuck okay I either
get it or I didn't oh I did okay and
then you plug it into this thingy okay
that's gonna cut me in the face all
right here we go let's see whapping was
the worst idea ever well it works until
it didn't well thanks Walmart for almost
cutting out my eye last but not least
this is the elephant trumpet that's not
what she said so I guess you just play
it and it makes elephant whizzes okay
that's a monkey pull outta me
ah we can't actually Prius gotta pretend
wait shut up yeah let me play oh it's
like the world's worst DJ are you Paris
Hilton honestly that's not too far away
from what music sounds like nowadays
y'all want to hear the new Skrillex Oh
the beats dropping whoa well I
definitely got my three dollars worth on
that all right guys go that's it that's
me play with all these guffaws toys why
do I keep doing this I don't know let me
know down in the comments when toy you
want me to play with next and make sure
ting this video thumbs up and subscribe
and all that other fucking shit that all
the other youtubers tell you to do but
you never fucking do it you know why you
know I'm doing because you don't give a
fuck about me you know why you don't
give a fuck about me because I don't
give a fuck about you I'm kidding all of
that was a lie it is oppositeday
right you guys I'm gonna go look you bye
I said my trainer a picture of a hot dog
I think I was asking her if they were
okay to eat on my diet and she didn't
text back so a whole package
