guys guess what the new podcast is out
and guess who the special guest is oh
there were the Queen how do you think
the show an amazing we talked about
everything everything you've ever wanted
her to talk about we talked about here
she got real as fuck and you should go
check that link is down there oh gee
hey that's Abby guys so today I thought
it would be fun if I read through some
of the last text that I've sent to
people I'll give you a hint they're
mostly probably hello hello why do you
keep ignoring me
what did I do wrong hello and that's
just - my therapist so let's get started
all right I'll start at the top the last
person that I texted was Drew and I sent
him a crying face with a gun pointing at
it and I have no idea what he asked me
that made me want to kill myself but
actually Brendan asked me anything I
just like to send that to people hey how
you doing Jane how do you think this
next one is - my friend Chris and I said
no worries I was just scared that you
were dead I honestly thought you were
dead
haha glad you're not I'm such a caring
friend
I sent my trainer a picture of a hot dog
I think I was asking her if they were
okay to eat on my diet and she didn't
text back so hey the whole package okay
Lisa
I said drag race was so good last night
it should probably change her name in my
phone to beard okay here's my last text
- Lauren it was just likes which could
have been referring to anything most
likely her face and then she texted me
back a link to an article that said Tara
Reid's bony body is scaring people
I mean honestly we have a really good
relationship the last text ever sent to
my mom was oh my god I'm so excited I
was referring to the fact that the
Farrah Abraham
fake pussy sex toy was sent to her house
and she had a for me we also have a very
good relationship my last text to Joey
Graceffa was I'm here how was really
close to your house ha ha ha are you
home I was not invited
sometimes I stopped people oh I texted
myself don't end it it's gonna be fine
probably not we have a really good
relationship this text was to my friend
Sean and it says woohoo pubes dyeing
uncles and leaders for the
I have no idea what that's talking about
but I really hope his uncle's not dying
because that is insensitive oh he is
dying oh I think I misunderstood well
it's like I lost a friend the last text
I sent to jenna Marbles was a screencap
of me listening turn a podcast because I
like the stock people this text is from
one of the producers of not cool and it
says hey look we're on Netflix but why
are all the movies related to us gay
porn which is true I don't know why if
you go to Netflix is just all gay movies
actually yeah I know I'm gonna miss
gonna gay and the last wine of was to
Trevor Moran and it's literally just 85
Queen crowns we don't even talk in words
it's just Queen crown emojis and that's
about it
well there you guys go hopefully enjoyed
all my last text sent last text sent
sounds like a really horrible teen
comedy I'm gonna make it I think I'm
gonna go I love you honey would you do
me a thumbs up subscribe what color hair
captivates you what does that mean does
that mean like gets my attention or is
that me like it monitors room cuz both
are gray I have grandma issues
