okay I know we usually start on the fire
but we want time for that I'm so scared
I'm nervous and freaking I'm literally
cheeto cheeto thoughts thoughts same
okay there's literally a demon over
there home okay so we literally don't
know what we're doing so my initial idea
was like oh let's just audition 1410 and
have them like charged us right that
could be fun yeah we would make that are
you nervous what are you gonna do the
audition mmm
I would never take my shirt off okay
that's me uh district a dis track oh we
could go for the free style we could
freestyle for them pretty good dance
like a hip-hop dancer like a girl I'm
not mad at Tessa I'm not mad at Brooks I
think I might be a little bit sure Wow
Brooks and Stokes that's like I see how
they got there yeah
so that's idea number one which I think
will do but idea number two I was
thinking a lot of Tessa skaters think
that she's evil right what do you mean
well I feel like she probably has haters
and the photo challenge I know what you
mean like they're demons okay so what if
we see if it's true and what if we give
Tessa Brooks
an exorcism what Texas got the demon in
it because I feel like the exorcism of
Tessa Brooks that's everything yeah so
they're on their way they're gonna be
here really really soon I'm literally
shaking I don't know why can we set this
up in the window like you know just to
greet them like this and then she I
don't think that's gonna scare that
doesn't have these kind of ideas
okay so Garrett also brought some gifts
for them first of all I thought it'd be
really cool like cuz we're our new
friends right
photograph yes beat them to the chase
because obviously they're gonna want to
frame something of all of us okay and
then oh I got this for you I just like I
already have one
Oh in case we get hungry yeah I thought
we could put if we do a sound we just
put him in the lips I think drew wants
him now but you have to wear the pig
nose
honestly I just thought her she could
write a song a rap about pigs and she
could feel like it's nothing on your man
and then there's these cool sand candles
but I switched the faces so that's and
oh my god I guess what's gonna happen
when you like them all right well
they're gonna be here soon I'm freaking
out I don't know I don't know what are
we gonna do okay so explain what's
happening right now
I want powerful emotions or everyday bro
just huge all my projector you see so I
got this projector and it's going up
against there and it's just gonna be
nothing but Tessa and Nick taking up the
whole screen to make them feel welcome
and warm accept whatever wants to see
when they go into a new environment
right so we want to scare the actual
shit out of them and make them think
we're super fans oh my dog yes oh this
is everything coming through their
windows their duper you saw her what I
saw there ooh BRR oh my god oh my god
it's a scared hurry this happen I didn't
expect that we like stars hurry they're
coming
hi welcome to the party here so we
thought you know it's a scary video and
you want to scare you guys well right I
thought nothing is scarier than a
superfan how does it feel seeing your
face out there
okay guys we're inside we've been
hanging out for a while just talking and
I think we're friends now right about
you know to end the journey like us
possibly being a part of it we're gonna
auditions today see that left with too
hard
so Gary it has a couple gifts prepared
like just like welcoming gifts I'm a
little nervous but all good good
ok first gift well okay I just thought
this was like a nice overall well it's
just a photo friends is messy arm
situation where my arms overs it tested
really good team 10.5 thank you it's not
only great but it's also a multi-billion
dollar idea this is a scent that I call
your boy school if you met if you know
this it's by Tessa chain said oh she do
better with a perfume line I said no
told her candles yeah yeah how much you
think we can sell that for good like $60
oh my god Nick
a little something special mr. Brooks
candle so this is st. Brooks and this is
st. Compton just you're just you're just
your presence has been enough okay so
we're saying we want to audition 14 even
though we're in our own ways yeah it's
not the triplets it's the twins anyway
honest honest I feel like you're very
honest I want some honest critiques and
I was doing the beat keep that in mind I
was multitasking I like the part that
you said the habits in science
all right my turn I know exactly what
I'm gonna do so because being a part of
team 10 is about starting beef and
having like drama like squad beefs
I thought our start might be right now
you guys could learn a thing or two
about safety just a second John oh you
guys have been to some lip part here
okay Oh
like something cool to say against Joe
fuck you Joey where who else to be gone
you guys can pick maybes mirandasings
too deep I I feel like a cutie pie with
the song picture to birth Oh Shane is
everything okay hi we're like cutie
Oh Shane
yeah like a nice surprise like a Tesla
you have a demon in you and we're going
to do an exorcism and change the
previous two priests who like grabs the
demons I'll just go out there and be
like oh here it's setting up some fun
activity thing that perfect I love it
guys so Garrett's gonna set up a little
something fun in the other room it'll
just be like a fun little thing don't
worry about it we'll go over there in a
minute
you shouldn't be it's gonna be great
Garrett how's it coming oh it's ready
okay let's all go inside come on team
okay so what I don't know it just kind
of came weird okay oh yeah why don't you
go first yeah
just vlog it'll make you like feel
powerful
oh here really Karen what is happening
yeah and now people say like things like
you know thoughts a disaster or
something like this there's a demon in
people who are entertainers that sort of
thing yeah Shane basically we want to
see if you and restitution are part of
the Illuminati and maybe there is a
demon inside of you so yeah I think you
should find out if there's a demon
inside that Sesame's perfect Garrett
would you like to show
Tessa to her seat yeah of course yeah so
carefully so you don't set yourself on
fire you just get these step over the
ritualistic blood nervous shall we take
your vlog camera are you gonna walk
through this yeah yeah you don't want
shook ECAM okay so I'm gonna turn the
lights off No so everybody come inside
of the room now once again I just want
to remind everybody that somebody did
die in this room yes it was and you know
there is a chance that he will come and
he might come through you I guess so
basically you're the Ouija board okay
everybody I just want to welcome mr.
Brooks this is not a joke you don't want
to make it appear as bad we're taking
this all very seriously okay so first I
mean would you take this water I'm gonna
bless
in the name of Jesus Christ Jesus bless
his water name in Jesus Christ thank you
so firm and you might hear a bang come
from there that's where the man killed
herself we're in this room gathered here
today to find out if there's a demon
inside of this test box
test I wish when you're sleeping do you
ever get nightmares yeah
what do Simmons nightmares have you ever
seen a man with no face no yes yes yes
how did this man have long nails that
somehow scratched your back yes you
remember no that's okay I see him right
now my head we have to give this demon
that's inside a test not a name
oh that's part of the ritual exciting
yeah well well maybe we should make it
land that little gumdrop or something or
just something simple like Steven Steven
Richards
or we could up the move what are you
guys think about upping the beef we call
him maverick
trying to tell me that I just sprained
Jesus in your ear to see if anything
pops out Stephen are you here Stephen
are now I'm gonna read something and if
there is a demon inside of you and the
demon will try to get out and that could
be physically harmful to you it could
break all your bones oh wait you know we
have to look at her in our site we often
look really deep into her eyes every
single time okay no he asked like what
I'm doing is like legit when light so I
can't like make fun of it or like make
jokes or anything so we shouldn't laugh
because like if we do look even actually
might have commentary minister of Christ
in the church in the name of Jesus I
command you unclean spirit if you live
high be the body as a gross created by
God in any way that you immediately give
us the manifestation show us a sign
which here for your essence
in the name of Jesus
leave this body amazing I'm sorry one
second can look at Benjamin over there
Oh girlfriend what do you think she
wants to leave don't worry we got guys
this is really weird as we were just
filming that outro literally my camera
which has never had any issues just
broke and it's frozen on drew looking
scared and wanting the demons hand and
look the cameras off I turned it off we
try to get a card out to the memory card
is out thanks for coming also I just
checked my sd card and it deleted
everything but we did a whole cute thing
where we like held hands and we like
said how much we love each other we give
speeches to each other it was really
cute like ride but no I do want to say
genuinely this was really fun I feel
like I have any friends I feel like I've
been family and this goes bigger than
like a team I think we were like a
family now all right you guys well we're
gonna figure out my camera and the
demons but make sure to go over to all
of their channels check out everything
Garrett drew festive Channel start when
she blogged the experience so go check
out her vlog Karen you always have brand
new videos right who does a new video go
check everything out be sure to
subscribe and hit the notification bell
and all that other crap I'm gonna die
I'm gonna figure out why my house is
possessed and if we're okay bye
