Hey Oh Oh there's a bone in it hey guys
get ready for a sexy video now I know a
lot of you guys are like Shane did you
lose your virginity Shane when did you
lose your virginity Shane are you still
a virgin Shane do you have sex with
animals there's a lot of questions well
I found a quiz online where supposedly
when you take it it tells you when you
lost your virginity let's see if it's
right also - sex with the couch count it
was consensual the couch wanted it not
now other couch I told you my heart
belongs to a lazy boy let's get started
question 1 what's your favorite type of
kiss is that her lip what is that has
she always had a deformed lip oh my god
I never noticed that come Megan Fox has
a deformed thumb google it Eskimo kiss a
kiss on the cheek
French kiss butterfly kiss forehead kiss
and a kiss on the neck I have done all
of those at all of my meet and greets
y'all want a lot of different types of
kisses one girl was like oh can I have
the same Malak kiss and I was like bye
forever I'm gonna go with the forehead
kiss it's my go-to I like to treat all
my loved ones as if I'm a priest well
not all of them because I'll be legal
choose a clean-shaven Disney man whoa oh
my god first of all I don't recognize
that any of these people are they people
he's the color of Trisha Paytas probably
kids wondering what I'd look like to my
shirt off it's this except more shoulder
hair and no crowd I'm only a queen in my
head I'm gonna go with scar cuz that's
the only one I know although what the
fuck movie is this from cuz holy shit
and this motherfucker is looking at this
lion way too excited Disney don't trust
it what's your favorite dating app okay
I've actually never used a dating app I
played around with tinder but that was
somebody else's tinder and I just loved
accepting all the trolls when I was
filming video with Willem from Drag Race
he showed me his Grindr and that changed
my life it's kind of like uber but for
butt sex it's like oh I'm here right now
I'd like to get fucked here right now
let's make this happen
ope ur gay people are so fucking smart I
don't know what hinges but I do not
dress that wears Christian mingle
quizzes some bullshit school was the
most fun in never school is terrible I
don't care how many celebrities come out
and say kids stay in school
no bitch if you have a chance to get out
get the fuck out I tried to ask my mom
like 12 different times it
mom can I homeschool although I'm glad
she didn't do that because I would have
been even more fat the amount of hotdogs
I ate after school I can't even imagine
if school was home bitch the inside of
my body would be like the pound with all
their dogs she was a weird sound that
sounds nasty of it actually isn't angina
kitsch tyrant sexy gasm come bang
fartlek cock perked I'm gonna go with
fartlek which doesn't even sound that
nasty to me it just sounds excited god I
wish somebody would finally lick my
farts tired of trying to do it myself
what color hair captivates you what does
that mean does that mean like gets my
attention or is that mean like get my
own room cuz both are gray I have
grandma issues what's a romantic setting
to make love on the beach outside in the
rain on a porch swing in a horse Oh
carriage on the deck of a yacht which by
the way I didn't know that's how you
spell to OTT until a year ago I would
read it be like that's French
yeah cut I'm gonna go with in a horse
although I really wish it was in a horse
you got before you turned 18 bitch this
quiz is not correct you got off to an
easier start than most it's probably
because you're so irresistible bitch
turn this off BuzzFeed why do I go to
you for advice
next time I'm only gonna come for you
when I have like a hamburger and I'm
like oh I want a new fun interesting way
to eat this not love advice well they're
guys go the question I guess was not
answered
sorry better luck next time leave it
down the comments how old do you think I
was or do you think I still have you
don't count couch alright you guys up
you up on quiz with me I fun quiz it
with you and I will see you tomorrow bye
I also checked out sig folds Instagram
Andy has no apparent thing going on most
of his pictures are screenshots from
projects he's working on which is rough
