hello welcome to bomb combo we talk
about the things that are blowing up on
the Internet there is a lot of
controversy going on right now because
an old median was quoted saying the less
the better it said one asks about less
professional content I don't want to see
this crap we have a giant garbage can
called YouTube for user-generated
content we're trying to generate a
little higher level I think show
businesses for talent that's who should
be in it but let's keep it in a tire our
key and I like being at the top of the
pyramid now the name Jerry seen field
sounded kind of familiar to me I think
maybe my mom or dad used to watch a show
that she was on or it might have been my
grandparents I'm not totally sure so I
took the liberty of internet searching
this guy and it turns out I had seen him
somewhere before he actually did a show
with youtuber mirandasings who I am
subscribed to and watch and find very
entertaining his show was not really my
preference I found it to be a little bit
slow however I do respect that there are
generational differences involved and
perhaps it's something that my parents
would find entertaining I originally
found this scene filled quote from
Twitter because a lot of youtubers were
reposting and commenting about it for
example youtuber Ricky Dillon who has
just shy of 2 million followers tweeted
disappointed in what Jerry Seinfeld said
about YouTube when he himself had
mirandasings a youtuber as a guest lol
this sweet barnard 1.3 thousand retweets
within an hour not to mention his to
follow up tweets which gained even more
exposure I then checked out seen full
twitter with 2.8 million followers to
see that he had also tweeted commenting
upon his prior statement by the way I
love YouTube more than life it's where
every very comedian lives forever
just think 96% of everything is garbage
which in a total of five hours had a
whopping 214 retweets and under 700
favorites he also doesn't have a Twitter
header which means he doesn't have a
Twitter layout which is not
aesthetically pleasing
he has no Twitter bio almost all of his
tweets linked out to other websites so
I'm not sure what he's doing in terms of
engaging his audience I also checked out
Zig folds Instagram and he has no
apparent theme going on most of his
pictures are screenshots from projects
he's working on which is rough taking
into account that his online show
comedians in cars getting coffee has
episodes around 20 minutes in length
sign Fulton's online presence is not
nearly as strong as top-tier or even
mediocre
YouTube talent honestly with the weak
social media presence
Jerry Seinfeld possesses it is extremely
unlikely that he would ever succeed as a
youtuber and you want to know why it's
because he's not a social media
personality so I wonder why Jerry
Seinfeld feels entitled to judge social
media content when he's not doing it
better what do you think
