hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck dude my name is destory
the only thing you really need to know
about me is that I really want to be a
Sith Lord a man can dream but this is
what the fuck news we talk about the
absurdly we envisage amount of myths in
the last week and the first thing what
the fuck news is everything that
happened at Coachella and Justin Bieber
being seats out of Coachella in a
headlock to the nasty kiss between
Madonna and Drake that almost made Drake
throw up but apparently Justin was
booted from Coachella after was arguing
with the security guard trying to get
backstage of the Dre performance when
the security guard put him in a headlock
and escorted him off the grounds as far
as all the dumb shit the Justin Bieber's
done in the past couple years I waited
you to say this is probably the least
dumb thing that he's done so yeah
Justin's any of the Justin was being
just a giant little shit or this
security guard just really hates Justin
Bieber which I mean I can't really blame
him but I also don't really see what
Justin did wrong especially winning he
had the credentials to get backstage
anyway so unfortunately Justin did not
get to see the kiss that everyone is
talking about between Drake and Madonna
that happened during drinks performance
girl I don't know who taught you how to
make out but you were not doing it right
I honestly don't even know whether this
is a kiss or not she was like she's
laying eggs in his mouth
is it possible that she's stealing
Drake's essence to keep herself young
cuz what is she like 9b she's 56 that's
still technically kissing the senior
citizen anyways everyone seems to be
talking about drinks reaction to the
kiss which in one word can be summarized
as yeah but according to grizzly himself
he claims that he wasn't disgusted by
the kiss but rather her nasty ass
lipstick okay so you're sure it wasn't
because you were kissing a mouth older
than segregation you're absolutely 100%
sure that you weren't disgusted because
when you kissed her you got a taste of
what the Great Depression was like but I
can't wait till I'm that old and the
only way for me to stay relevant is to
kiss people half my age yeah I can't
wait
and one what the fuck new as a Florida
man was arrested last week after he ran
through the streets naked had sex with a
tree
tried to stab a police officer with his
own pin while he claimed to be gone what
dumb fuck did I mention he was high on
drugs I am that makes sense according to
police though the 41 year old Kenneth
Crowder who looks like a homeless
unkempt Jesus tried to run away from the
police officers after they found him
naked having sex with a tree what he
been trying to stab one of the police
officers with his own badge leading to
him being tased several times this is
pretty much the most perfect stay off
drugs message that you can send to kids
don't do drugs kids unless you want to
look like this guy and get arrested brat
and sexual some trees then just don't
don't look away Jimmy you need to see
this I also tried to get an interview
with the tree that was violated but I
was only able to get this excuse me
ma'am may I have a word can you explain
to me what he did to you powerful stuff
powerful stuff indeed Thank You destory
next in viral video what the fuck news a
man got more than just shitty overpriced
chicken when he recorded himself sitting
at a KFC that just so happen to have
porn playing on a TV in the background
so I'm sitting here and KFC bit
that's terrible or awesome someone
should definitely be fired for this or
give it a promotion but I first watch
this video though I had to make sure the
video playing on the TV in the
background wasn't just an average
episode of Game of Thrones I also like
how the guy in the middle of the video
gets closer to the TV to inspect it more
like wow he's really giving it to her
damn it now I'm hungry and horny
according to the uploader of the video
his wife and two sons were also with him
in the booth but couldn't see the steamy
action happening on the TV and the man
just thought it was really fucking
hilarious I'm just gonna assume that
this was all some sort of huge prank to
someone cool but I also think that this
could be the next generation of KFC's
marketing campaign chicken or chicken it
more chip it in more you want some porn
with your chicken fuck yeah
course you do you're American come on
down to KFC we'll give you some chicken
and porn KFC fuck yeah chicken and porn
though has a nice ring to it
lastly in some movie news a couple of
trailers were released this past week
including the trailer for sinister 2
which doesn't even look remotely good
especially when the main bad guy looks
like a member from Slipknot which one of
these is a member from Slipknot and
which one of them is the bad guy from
sinister 2 if you chose this one you're
right then the teaser for Joe Dirt 2 is
release which looks almost as bad as the
first one which got an 11 percent on
Rotten Tomatoes now that I really trust
Rotten Tomatoes though because they
literally gave Spy Kids a 93 percent but
93 percent I mean don't get me wrong I
like Spy Kids even if everyone tells me
that I look like fluke with my haircut
fuckers but a 93 percent oh and lastly
another teaser for Star Wars Episode 7
the force awakens was released which
kind of just shows off a little bit more
you know the characters that are gonna
be in it also has a little spoiler at
the end of Harrison Ford saying some
cool lines like this Chewie we're home
oh yeah that stuff so no actual trailer
yet but I am still going to remain
optimistic about the whole thing I don't
know if any of you guys like Star Wars
as much as I do but fuck's sake I hope
they get this thing right talking to you
JJ Abrams don't put 50 lens flares in
every shot okay he's 48 lens flares
alright Oh anyways though this has been
what the fuck news so question of the
day for you guys is how would you react
if someone who is 56 decided to make out
with you leave your answers in the
comments down below all of the day's
stories as always or in the description
down below as well as all of my links
sorry guys go make sure to check out my
channel youtube.com slash captain that's
that's I upload videos there pretty much
every week it also check out my gaming
channel at youtube.com slash desk bones
that I upload a ton of just gaming
videos in case you're interested in that
stuff do it no no dester you're not a
Sith Lord anyways guys that we'll see
you next week for another wealth of
Buccaneers and Fairwinds
