guys guess what the new podcast is out
and guess who the special guest is oh my
god she's fucking there are the Queen
how do you think the show man
I mean insane ha ha ha it was amazing we
talked about everything everything
you've ever wanted her to talk about we
talked about here she got real as fuck
and you should go check that link is
down there oh gee
ok guys walk around the streets of New
York and I am with area and you are mine
publicist wrong word bitch please slave
bitch of the day no we are going and
we're signing books and we're getting
ready for the mean Greek but right now
you had an idea you said what did you
want to do let's make some commotion I
have been doing that all day in my
inventory at bars adobo keep lying I
don't know let's let's go crazy let's
sell some I hate my selfie hashtag
hashtag but how are we gonna do maybe
like people can meet you ok here's what
she's like oh we should like say hey
guys come to whatever square in front of
the homeless guy peein himself and we'll
have books but I'm like that's gonna
turn into a mean greet and then the
homeless guys gonna pee on me and like
you know the meeting greets tomorrow we
don't wanna spoil so why don't we hide
book somewhere and then see if people do
it like we can hide like 5 or 10 bucks
all right well what's like a place that
we can hide it that people would find it
but also homeless people wouldn't use it
as toilet paper that's questionable
maybe do you guys know what Rockefeller
Center is that's
for people I don't know skate I skate
yeah we're like Time Square where
there's like Elmo's dressed up as we
should give an Elmo and have them give
them away hashtag I hate my Elmo ha ha
that's the best idea I've ever heard
from an author ever you're welcome guys
look we're outside of our Genova right
now and look look at the big sign that's
my big fucking head I look really hard
alright guys where are we Rockefeller
Center where were everybody ice skates
except for me because I don't do
anything active and we are gonna hide
the book and then watch somebody
hopefully one of you guys get it now
where do you think we should hide it
like maybe like on the garbage that's
where the book is gonna be at about 6
months anyway keep it rip you can hide
it in the cold man but alright we'll
figure it out alright so I'm hiding so
you guys don't see me now you're gonna
go what you're gonna put it in in that
statue I'm puttin the statue there she
is
yeah promote that book bitch Oh guys she
did it she did it she did it so now I
have to tweet that's where it is see if
anybody shows up god I feel like I'm on
Homeland or something is it called
Rockefeller Center yeah Rock
okay we just posted it we incident we
Facebook it we did everything now we're
waiting now I can't really see it how do
we get closer I think we shouldn't walk
okay living because walk around the
corner and hide over here
but okay wait we're reading the comments
right now to see if anybody's coming
what did I think I just left 30 rock WTF
I will be the first to get it bitches oh
I like her um the fact that you're only
a bro a kills me but I don't feel like
getting out of bed and taking a train
note oh come on guys fuck you guys okay
there's a random guy I think taking a
picture of my book I don't know why why
I could find one dude wait I think now
they're talking about me I think he just
said oh god this is this douchebag Shane
Dawson I hate that guy well another all
laughing wait no now they're covering up
the book leave Leave
stop having family treasured moment fuck
you oh no no no random man is taking it
no no you switch the book no go tell him
no no ha ha ha I don't know Rico tell
him now oh my god hey guys as you can
see that rabbit man's ticket okay you
can't really see what's going on but
she's saying please sir put the book
down because we're trying to give it to
a different stranger not you another
stranger oh no now he won't give it back
to her oh he's asking for a blowjob okay
okay
he said that's gonna cost you money oh
no this is uncomfortable this is like
catfish I don't know what's going on
that kid just fella now he's crying I
don't want to show it cuz that's me and
she's giving me hand signals before
taking selfies I don't want to do we can
see what's going on I think they're all
looking at me now I really feel like a
serial killer we're using it as a photo
prop for a photo contest for like a best
selfie photo so he's taking a picture of
it heartily looking at his friend he's
taking a selfie you know what that
sounds like he didn't buy it it's not
like he need to spend $10 on it to win
his selfie contest you don't hate his
selfie you don't hate it selfie okay
people are tweeting that they're coming
she found it she found it a girl found
it wait oh wait she looks angry about it
though
you seem to beat up on it let's find her
follow follow
you stole the wallet okay
I can't nothng why the fuck would you
would it so funny when you walked up and
took it you look like a bitch on a
mission and I was like you stole my
blood what's your name great thanks for
coming I know comes
class no and now you're here now you
have a booking a video only things can I
take a picture of you guys
I love being touched alright guys so
we're leaving I don't know if you guys
don't know if we got it on camera
because the girl who got the book when I
jumped up behind her and yell dinner she
freaked out and my camera went flying so
I think we got it but she was so sweet
it's so nice and she said the funniest
thing she goes I don't have a sad story
I just love you Matt made me laugh sorry
so yeah that was successful we had our
first book hiding soul is soul and
mission I feel very good and now I want
nuts
what so instead of being an asshole to
all these people in the comments you
should be like damn girl get it get
yours girl promote that fucking audible
bitch get your coins girl
