now it's time for me to help my mom with
the chores I mean you want to help me
with the dishes I pay you rent hey
what's up you guys um so today I'm gonna
be talking about something kind of
controversial because I've seen a lot of
you guys tweeting about it and
instagramming and facebooking and
snapchatting and tumblr ring and oh my
god there's so many things oh I forgot
mine so did everybody else
I'm just kidding they're making so much
more money than I am anyways um let's
talk about vessel so if you don't know
what vessel is basically it's kind of
like youtube mixed with glue mixed with
Netflix mixed with a scrapbook as a
terrible way to explain it so long story
short if you pay I think it's like two
or three dollars a month you can get
videos three days early from some of
your favorite youtubers I'm doing it
Connor Franta fucking I don't know a lot
of people if you don't want to pay the
two or three dollars a month you can
still use the website you just get the
videos at the same time that you get
them on YouTube for free and you can
still use the site it's really cool you
can you know interact and there's moving
pictures and it's just a nice cool app
so since it got announced I haven't
really talked about it yet I know Connor
has it I know a lot of people haven't
really talked about it cuz it's not
fully launched yet but I just want to
explain why I did it I can't speak for
anybody else but I also want to explain
um you know money so a lot of people are
saying Oh Shane this is so greedy
you know charging your fans to watch
your videos isn't that greedy well let
me explain a little something so I've
been making videos on YouTube since 2006
I've been getting paid since maybe 2009
and the money listen
it's great I'm gonna break down how much
money youtubers make in a minute it's
cuz I know a lot of people are
interested in that but for me
financially it's great but this is a big
but it's not anywhere near where it
should be now this is gonna sound
totally fucking like Shane shut the fuck
up you're fine you live in a nice place
you have an office you make all these
big videos you're fine well let me
explain you look at a show like I don't
know awkward on MTV okay same audiences
me probably they probably get about a
million viewers per episode may probably
actually like 500,000 viewers per
episode so now you look at this video
you're watching right now or any of my
other vlogs which probably get around
500,000 views on my main channel a
couple million so financially I make
like and most youtubers make like $1 per
thousand
roughly so a video of mine that gets
500,000 views I make 500 bucks and
that's before you have to split it with
your YouTube network and you're this and
you're that anyways 500 bucks for
500,000 views you look at a show like
awkward or any other show on cable don't
even start on network TV let's talk
about I don't know any show on NBC which
probably gets about 5 million views
they're making millions of dollars per
one episode MTV probably hope I think at
least a million if not maybe half a
million dollars per episode in
advertising so all the commercials that
you skim through they are getting paid
hundreds of thousands of dollars for
this versus YouTube where you're forced
to watch the fucking ad before the video
and we're getting $1 per thousand views
see what I'm saying so YouTube 500,000
views $500 television
500,000 views a few hundred thousand
dollars possibly Millions
see what I'm saying so the value of
YouTube people and Internet people is
literally nothing like in comparison so
vessel
so basically the idea of vessel is if
people are willing to pay a couple bucks
a month to get their favorite YouTube
videos three days early let's give it to
them now listen I'm not getting I mean
we're not getting us youtubers aren't
getting that much money for this but
they are paying us you know oh god I
don't know if I'm going to talk about
this whatever fuck it I'm gonna talk
about it $1 per thousand views on
YouTube with vessel we're getting like a
couple dollars per thousand views it's
not a huge difference but it's a
difference anyways the whole point of
this video is stop being so fucking
angry to all these youtubers I don't
care if you want to hate on me for
wanting to make money I don't care you
can leave all the comments you want
calling me a sellout piece of shit I
don't care but I think it's frustrating
because I think you should look up to
people on YouTube that are able to make
money look at the Kardashians everybody
hates them right they're making millions
of dollars selling everything and
everybody's like you know what I hate
them but they're good business people
nobody's ever said that about a youtuber
I don't know why I look up to Michelle
Phan I think she is fucking the shit you
know why because she took her YouTube
and she created a business she made
literally like a hundred million dollars
last year on her makeup
to me that's fucking epic as fuck I
think we should all strive for that so
when I see youtubers getting brand deals
or youtubers getting Taco Bell
commercials or youtubers promoting
vessel or youtubers doing this making
movie
to me that's like fuck yeah let's do
this shit let's show the world that
youtubers can become the next Donald
Trump or the next whatever the next
Kardashian but without the sex dirt so
instead of being an asshole to all these
people in the comments you should be
like damn girl get it get yours girl
promote that fucking audible bitch get
your coins girl cuz that's how I feel I
don't know how'd you guys I'm gonna go
and you know once again I just want to
say thank you guys for supporting me and
for buying the book and for buying the
movie and for supporting because
honestly every time you support it just
helps me get to a point where I can keep
making better shit you know god I want
to make more movies so bad fingers
crossed
alright I love you guys Shane Dawson a
master of the misleading thumb panel
that's not true every time I have a
thumbnail that says I have a four so
gonna do it's real I just cut that part
out of the video I mean my mom watches
come on
