now it's time to write my book all done
hey what's up you guys so I wanted to do
something a little bit different on this
channel today because I feel like I've
been feeling a little too good about
myself lately my confidence has been
just a little too high I've only thought
about suicide once or twice a day as
opposed to my usual 10 so today I'm
gonna do the challenge that a lot of
other youtubers have been doing lately
I'm going to read my hate comments
alright here we go
I have not read these yet this is a real
reaction I'm really nervous
alright here we go hide the sharp
objects dude you're so fucking gay i'ma
unsubscribe err if you fag with your
open mouth and your thumbnail y'all but
now that my thumbnail I don't do that
yeah that it's gonna go hey go fuck
yourself bitch suck a dick if I could
fuck myself
and/or suck my own dick I wouldn't be
here right now if you want to watch a 26
year old man joke about a child being
inside of him and saying that an 18 year
old girl is doable watch this video I
don't see anything wrong with that is
that bad
his dick looks like a big fat nasty
beige slob covered by hair what how do
you know that that's so accurate when
Shane is homeless and living on the
streets I won't give a shit he doesn't
take his work seriously therefore he'll
end up homeless once his views go down
and once his movie fails and once he
doesn't have any money
hopefully Lisa will come to her senses
and realize she can do better and dump
him all right I'm done ranting lol that
must be so fucking gross to have sex
with Shane Dawson and why would he get a
vasectomy he's only 26 what I mean get a
vasectomy
did I say 9 a video that was a
miscellany title Shane Dawson a master
of the misleading function oh that's not
true every time I have a thumbnail that
says I have anything for so gonna do
it's real I just cut that part out of
the video I mean my mom watches come on
why I always thought he was an idiot but
now I know for sure what what made you
know for sure did I miss something maybe
I am an idiot Shane Dawson is literally
the worst youtuber there are plenty of
gurus and youtubers that I really
we dislike or may seriously get on my
nerves but I never even come close to
legitimately hating a person associated
with YouTube Shane would be that person
oh man what an honor
seriously I'm starting to think lisa is
just wasting her time why would she want
someone with so many issues honestly a
quote from Lisa's therapist a beau
he's gotten so desperate for views and
subscribers I was watching one of his
daily vlogs and he had an annotation
saying click here to save a child and it
led to his main channel like come on
Shane
your time to shine is over give it up
you're not funny anymore well first of
all the annotation was from five years
ago and second of all you did save a
child because you spent time clicking on
my annotations instead of breeding which
would have created the worst child ever
and you would have probably should have
killed it anyways I to find him vulgar
big time the first time I really noticed
it was when he made a video at some
means I remember that there were many
fans of him one girl stepped up and just
rubbed his face on her chest
I mean what the fuck also there's hardly
any recent video where he doesn't talk
about breast sex and that kind of thing
it's so unnecessary immature apart from
that his videos get fewer sure honestly
kudos on the word he always adds loads
of slimy stuff and makes people vomit
that's neither funny nor music to me
can't help it but unless I'm extremely
helplessly bored I could not watch his
videos again I don't remember rubbing my
face on a girl's chest I have done a lot
of weird gross things with my fans
though yeah I guess I'm pretty you wish
okay now he looks like a major dyke with
his old hair he didn't look Dyke ish but
now if you slap a scarf on that mother
for her he would look like a Superman of
a dyke and then somebody corrected and
said actually major not major cuz that
was the only thing wrong with that
sentence although honestly I would see
the movie Superman Dyke saving the world
one pussy at a time lol Lego head what
do I look like a Lego head being gay is
okay but being this annoying is not
honestly living for your stance on
equality you think you aren't yet oh yes
why are even if you got a new haircut
you are gay dude you kissed a man good
think you make good Vince what
oh I don't even know what to say to that
but thanks for the compliment I don't
need to be racist but he looks British
last but not least you're infected
honestly actual quote from my doctor
though well there you go those were all
the I hate comments today trust me there
were millions more but I just didn't
feel like scrolling through more of them
I wonder if I jump out that window if
I'll kill myself
yeah we're probably not high enough oh I
guess I could kill myself in a garage oh
wait shit I don't have a garage no well
I guess I'll live another day
alright you guys hope you have fun with
me I had fun hating with you I'll leave
some comments down there and keep
telling me to kill myself
I'm kidding I don't care hey comments
don't bother me love comments make me
happy and you guys make me smile not
right now but soon I will guys I love
you I will see you tomorrow feel funny
with me I'm funny with you please make
sure to get my book I hate my selfie
it's all because of you guys I'm kidding
please don't get the book it's in stores
now at Barnes and Nobles online blah
blah blah and I will see you tomorrow
right hey you wanna go out to dinner
tonight
shit emoji oh did you hear the Taylor
Swift isn't sharing her legs for 40
million dollars to shit emojis I really
need help I don't know what to do
sometimes I just sit in my room and
stare at the walls and wish that
somebody would give me a hug oh shit
emoji
