hey what's up you guys I don't know
about you but sometimes I don't like to
use words you know like if somebody
writes me something I'd like to just
send back a little picture that's really
hard to see if you have bad eyesight you
kinda have to squint a little bit
sometimes you accidentally mistakenly
send the wrong one like if somebody's
like oh my god my grandma just died and
then you send them an eggplant and you
thought you sent them a rose ooh and
then they don't wanna be your friend
anymore they think you're a bad person
they go on tumblr they write a post
about terrible you are
I love emojis so today I'm going to be
talking about my top five most used
emojis on my phone if there was an emoji
for a penis and an emoji for killing
myself those would be never wanted to
unfortunately Apple is ignoring how
horny and or suicidal most of us are so
we just have to wait all right my number
one most used emoji is a pill I'm sick a
lot also I like to joke about overdosing
a lot so I like to use the pill whenever
somebody's like hey do you want to hang
out and then I just sent him a pill cuz
I'm like I'm sick release is actually
always sick a lot so she'll be like oh
my god I'm sick I don't know to do my
pale bitch I don't know what you need I
know daca my number two is of course the
shit emoji I send the shit emoji and
pretty much every circumstance hey I'm
gonna go out to dinner tonight
shit emoji oh did you hear the Taylor
Swift isn't sharing your legs for forty
million dollars to shit emojis really
need help I don't know what to do
sometimes I just sit in my room and
stare at the walls and wish that
somebody would give me a hug oh shit
emoji I'm like a really good friend
so my next one is kind of a combo it's a
baby crawling and then a fist now I know
most of you guys are like oh Shane
punching babies a typical Dawson well
actually I didn't know it was a baby I
thought it was a person on their knees
bent over I don't know why that would
have been an emoji but thanks Apple so
the on the knees and the fist to me was
anal fisting which I use all the time
until I found out it was a baby and
somebody said why do you want to fist a
baby and I thought oh well there's a lot
of reasons why but I would never put in
a text that's evidence my number four
most used emoji is the little puppy I
use this for everything mainly because
it looks like my puppy and I think about
my puppy a lot I like to send people
pictures of my puppy and then if they're
like I don't want to see anymore fucking
pictures of your fucking puppy I'll be
like okay and I send them an emoji of my
bubby and then if they get mad about
that I usually just end up a picture of
me naked doing doggy style once again I
have a good friend and last but not
least the book emoji this one is mainly
because
I don't just promote myself on YouTube
by my book I promote myself to everybody
I know in text messages hey mom love you
so much
hey BTW did you buy this yet book emoji
oh I got a text from Lisa hey baby what
can I do to turn you on hmm how about
you go out to Barnes and Nobles and buy
one of my book emojis oh I know how to
make all the women dry and that's it
those are my top emojis let me give you
some runners-up I also like to use the
skull because I think about death a lot
a pig because I eat a lot an eggplant
because I'm a dreamer I'm Mexican lady
doing salsa dancing because I'm racist
and water drops and I never use it as
water I usually put it next to a plane
on top of the salsa dancing lady
there you have it I'm a fucking piece of
shit question of the day what's your
most use emoji let me know down in the
comments I don't know why I said that
like that fuck myself okay calm down
shade no everything's mine all right you
guys I'm gonna go hope you had fun and
motive my motive you now we'll see you
guys tomorrow I can't touch you because
this shit's too tight I can't fucking
reach I'll rip it Oh fat emoji take us
later so these are donut hemorrhoid
balls with chili sauce
