hey what's up you guys okay quick thing
before the video starts today today is
my last stop on my book tour I have been
to 12 cities around the country and
today is the final City I'm going to be
in Cincinnati Ohio at 6 p.m. at Joseph
Beth booksellers on to 6-9 to Madison
Road in Cincinnati
um and then that's it and hopefully
it'll get extended for a third leg and
possibly even Canada or Europe or
something and I love you guys so much
thank you so much for coming out to all
the different cities and coming and
seeing me and supporting me um I hope I
get to see you guys tonight at 6 o'clock
in Cincinnati so we can celebrate the
finale bye guys see you in a second in
the video that was weird
okay bye you know when you look at
something you're like what is that well
that's probably what you're thinking
when you walk by me on the street I got
called ma'am twice today and I thought
oh maybe from behind maybe they thought
I was a ma'am no it was to my face it
was literally looking right at me as I
had a five o'clock shadow and chest hair
I mean it first of all I want to thank
them for being very like
forward-thinking and being like oh this
is a transgendered person let's call her
man but I also want to say fuck you not
everybody's transgendered I just have a
sweet face anyways what were you talking
about
oh yeah boba kitchen I don't know what
the fuck this is I look at it 12 times
it's either cinnamon rolls for oily
hemorrhoids either way mmm
finger licking ly terrible let's do this
first of all I don't like the mysterious
smirk I also don't like the fact that he
has 12 hands there's something about him
that reminds me of my chemistry teacher
from high school and I don't like it
oops thought that was a test tube sorry
Shane you knew what you were touching
mr. Diaz okay
back to this Oh Lori there's a lot going
on okay I'm gonna have to guess on this
one because the instructions are really
unclear so I'm gonna say that this is
the meat or the dough I have no fucking
idea it also came with the toothpick
little did they know I'm not gonna have
this in my mouth long enough to get it
stuck in my teeth
it could have got me a vomit bag I
probably would have use that all right
so here's the meat and I think I'll just
pour it over into the holes oh yeah oh
this is definitely right I'm so glad
pay $25 to have this Amazon to my house
all right let's put this in the
microwave and just see what happens
oh my god something's happening oh why
they're getting big and they're on fire
tah dah
I made a science project that just
reminded me I'm a chemistry teacher
again all right let's let those cool or
fester and I think this is the glaze so
I'm guessing all you have to do with
that is mix it in here with some water
oh yeah okay so so far it looks like
poop and it smells like chili neither of
which are what it's supposed to be all
right so let's take the ball out of the
thing
whoo they feel good I'm not gonna lie
these feel like little tiny doughnuts
oh my god I'm proud of myself oh all
right then we just pour on the glaze and
ruin everything
oh wait there's more okay what is this
all right this must be more decorations
ooh this is kind of good and like a
chewed-up meatloaf kind of way
oh my god I mean honestly chef
boy-are-you-young left okay I think this
is like supposed to be a little squiggle
decoration that goes on top oh great
there's flies everywhere hey if it's
good enough for the Flies it's good
enough for me
hey trash oh yeah glaze it up so these
are doughnut hemorrhoid balls with chili
sauce so this is the most excited I've
ever been to try one of these Bobbie
kitchens because I have no fucking idea
what it's supposed to taste like so
maybe that's good my expectations are
low they don't know what to expect
maybe it'll taste like chocolate and
it'll taste like me maybe it'll taste
like a butthole and it'll taste like my
butthole my butthole does not taste like
any other all right here we go Oh God oh
my god I can't explain the smell the
only way I can explain it is like I've
to go to the gym and you're walking back
to your apartment you put your finger in
your bellybutton you smell like as you
have a nervous disorder kind of smells
like that right here we go touch my
tongue oh no oh no oh oh
taste like relish oh it's sweet in all
the wrong place okay like it actually
feels like the wrong Oh God tastes like
throw-up oh I'm I throw up I'm gonna
throw up Oh
ah why what is this
oh my god it's shrimp Oh No
oh I got confused addy got confused it's
shrimp cakes then why the fuck do they
look like cinnamon buns ah yeah
shrimp is actually the thing I hate the
most out of anything in the whole
fucking world I don't know why I just
hate the texture I hate those smelly
okay I thought there was nothing I hate
more than shrimp but turns out I hate
Japanese probably cooking shrimp more
than I hate yeah oh oh that was horrible
that was horrible
oh we're guys go buck let me know down
in the comments if there's anything also
sugar my puppy guys had fun shrimping
with me at no fun trippin with you and
I'll shrimp with you later bye when you
use the money watch in public it will
automatically collect all the credit
card information from everyone around
you so you never have to stress dolla
dolla bills again this may result in
jail time
