and welcome to bomb calm while we talk
about the things that are blowing up on
the Internet
Apple's very first personal luxury
product the odd watch is now officially
available for pre-order woo the public
and tech nerds everywhere practically
clamoring to get a first-hand look at
this small square iPad strapped to your
wrist that is pretty much what it sounds
like to me it all sounds very retro like
a hashtag TVT to simpler times when
people actually looked at their watches
watched black-and-white television and
hunted woolly mammoths Apple has
predicted based on the current number of
pre-orders that before the product
officially launches the demand will
exceed the supply so you know what that
means everyone everywhere is going to be
launching product lines of watches so in
honor of the Apple iWatch
I have come up with a few other trendy
fun watch ideas that I promise you will
fall in love with after hearing out all
of my product ideas I want you guys to
leave a comment down below letting me
know which watch you would buy so
without further ado let's get started
I'm a youtuber the parents watch this
watching forms you boy your parents are
up to you at any given moment so you
know if you're going to break the rules
but wait there's more
what to stay out later than your curfew
I'm hitting the side button wearing the
old fashioned watches you would rewind
the clock you can dispense a sleeping
gas into your parents chambers that will
keep them knocked out until you come
knocking on the front door use
responsibly the crush watch haven't you
always wondered how your crush feels
about you with this new watch technology
you can know as the side button when
your crush is in range and you'll know
how they feel about you now your crush
doesn't like you back there's no refunds
so stop asking
life is hard and love is complicated
moving on the money watch did you run
out of money buying the Apple
watch have no fear when you use the
money watching public it will
automatically collect all the credit
card information from everyone around
you so you never have to stress dolla
dolla bills like yeah this may result in
jail time the syrup watch this part
isn't so much a watch as it is a small
risk container for syrup because the
Americans love sugar this may cause
diabetes lol smiley face and finally the
watch watch this watch is the most
expensive one so far due to its affinity
to nature this watch takes over the
responsibility that was always given to
either your mom or your phone telling
you the timing this a limited edition
watch watch jubilee lets you know what
part of the day time or night time you
are currently experiencing damn it
missed a funeral
thank you so much for watching hopefully
we didn't hit you with our awesome
internet shrapnel do not forget to give
this episode a thumbs up and check out
the latest video over on my channel
there will be a link in the description
if you don't already follow me on my
social media links are also in the
description of this video it's all good
