vintage 1950s coke bottles I'm gonna go
in the way she went in which was
headfirst oh my god oh my god oh good by
the way
oh my god hey let's if you guys yes I
know when you look at me the first thing
you think is he's a fuck-boy hey it's
not my fault I just like to fuck a lot
did I say fuck I met eat and cry I'm an
eating and crying boy yeah that makes
more sense
anyways I decided to take a quiz to see
if I really was a fuck-boy I don't
really know what a fuck-boy is I've been
seeing a lot of people use the term on
Twitter for some reason when I hear the
word the first thing in my head that
pops up is Bruce Jenner so let's see
what Jenner I am oh my god Bruce gender
that's a sad pun I don't like that are
you a fuck-boy you like cake fuck boy
yes yes I do
oh god Kevin Federline if he's what a
fuck boy is I do not want to be that
although he was around Britney Spears
when she was high on crack so that would
have been fun how deep is your V okay I
go through stages it depends on how
recently I've trimmed my chest hair
which is usually never so I'm gonna go
through one
what's your dating deal-breaker doesn't
introduce you to the family ninis no
ambition it doesn't put out I'm gonna
answer honestly I hate when girls don't
have any ambition or motivation or drive
they don't know what they want to do it
I'm like oh my god what should I do with
my life I'm like bitch I'm gonna figure
it out which is probably what Kevin
Federline said to Britney and then she's
like I just wanna smoke crack pick a
Bieber Oh Lord that's Bieber that looks
like Michael Jackson
that's Bieber it looks like me that's
Bieber Bieber he's looking good
how do you slide into someone's DMS what
does that mean I mean honestly I don't
know what it means but me you know I
mean how many side pieces you got like
love handles because I have like seven
things are getting sex tea you send a
nude no questions keep it pg-13 invite
yourself over for sex play it cool and
change the subject
I love emojis I use all of them I don't
know what any of them mean I also love
to send Lisa emojis when she's clearly
looking for an answer where do you think
we're going in this relationship shade
and eggplant you got not a fuck-boy
Oh in other words you're a total keeper
oh you have no time for that fuck boy
bullshit because you're way above it
thank you for not being a fuck away the
world is a better
because of you oh my god that's so nice
and look how skinny I look still candy
ants still love the face of a dead
person but I'll take the skinny Larry
guys go I'm not a fuck boy damn it
question of the day what youtuber do you
think is a fuck boy I still don't know
what it means somebody with Joey coz I
want to fuck that boy
alright you guys okay I found fuckin
with me I had fun fuckin with you I'm
never gonna say that again and I will
see you come on I for some reason I just
imagine her working at Claire's
or like the icing which is like Claire's
after a zombie apocalypse hey do you
guys have one of those like really cute
charm necklaces like move the gold no
but we have a wall of rainbow socks
nobody wants that icing
