guys guess what we just did a podcast
with a little pony very Abraham time it
was my birthday so we had a lot of
birthday surprises I had a lot of
special guests Wendy Williams might be
involved it was a lot I'll put a link
down there it's not Clara consulship
friends but hey guys I know this is
supposed to be a scary video with scary
music and a candle and all of that but I
am so excited right now I literally am
shaking
today is the day we are finally going to
talk to Lu Mikayla now I have been
talking about little Mikayla for a year
is she real is she fake all the theories
about who this person actually is and
even some of you guys have made videos
about it yeah she looks like a freaking
cartoon character like what's good girl
was good like you look like a freakin
Simpson cartoon character like if if
you're real who doesn't make up now for
the last year the story of who is little
Mikayla has completely blown up I mean
there are hundreds of articles asking
who is she who created her what is the
story behind this girl Huffington Post
which is a huge website even said lo
Mikayla instagrams latest eight girl
who's confusing the hell out of everyone
even news channels on YouTube were
talking about it just check out what
Philip DeFranco had to say the internet
scene is be confused if an Instagram
girl by the name of Lil Mikayla is a
real person or a cartoon let's look at
some pictures and not a real person
boom done sound don't know how anyone
was confused look at her look at any
other woman that's ever in the frame
with her but then Phil says something
that actually was pretty deep and I
might blow up Mikayla is as real as
every other Instagram model you follow
is as real as me for a lot of you what I
mean by that is if we never meet each
other in person I really only ever exist
in your phone your computer your TV
screen literally everybody in my life
has been talking about this person even
some of my YouTube friends have 17
theories I just cropped the freaking
case of low Michaela whoever is filming
for Michaela is sitting on the right
side of the runway sitting right next
one with a green hat on and next to a
girl as well so I found the video if you
go all the way down on her Instagram
almost
- at the beginning she has this video
right here at Paris Fashion Week just
invited to my first show thank you and
Sophie Madsen's to do at Paris Fashion
Week so if you go to this video right
here with aunt Sophia knots and
ready-to-wear Paris Fashion Week right
there there's the orange scarf and
there's Lola Kayla there she freakin is
right there
filming on the phone to upload to the
Instagram crack the case before we get
to the interview I just want to break
down a few things so there's a new
theory that I did not know about and it
kind of seems like it might be real
there's a girl named Nicole or Garrow
and she's a 3d graphic artist and just
take a look at her Instagram page yeah
some really impressive 3d art but also a
lot of them look like little Michaela
and then if you look at a picture of
just her it literally looks like lil
Mikaela before they added on like
digital features so is it her is she
little Mikaela and this is one of her
art projects or is this some bigger plan
is this a gimmick created by the record
labels because the music industry is
struggling right now so did they think
creating a digital artist would somehow
blow up and make them a lot of money
because that's not the first time
something like that has happened now I'm
sure some of you guys remember the band
Gorillaz yeah this was a virtual band
all the members of the band were
cartoons and all of their voices and
instruments and everything was created
by one guy Damon Albarn was the
brainchild behind her illness he sang
all the songs you wrote most of them but
a lot of people don't know that they
think of the gorillas as cartoon band
even in Japan for the
ten years they've had their own digital
popstar her name is Hatsune Miku and she
literally is a pop star who performs
live using a hologram watch
yeah literally a hologram
people are screaming it's crazy but it's
awesome and it's genius and if you like
that's what the little Michaela thing is
now the biggest question is why do we
care and why are we so interested and
fascinated by it and feel kind of weird
about it well that's because of a theory
called the uncanny valley
now the uncanny valley is a hypothesis
the human replicas which appear almost
but not exactly quite like human beings
make people feel eeriness and revulsion
just looking at a robot or a digital
person that's too realistic literally
makes your insights feel something
most people feel uncomfortable a little
anxiety a little fear and a lot of
people feel that way when they look at
pictures of little Michaela now there is
a line so basically if a robot or a
digital person doesn't look that real
people feel comfortable and they almost
feel happy but if it gets too far and it
looks too real that's when people start
to feel uncomfortable so I'm going to
show you a few examples of the different
lines now first I'm going to show you a
video of a child robot now this does not
look that real so you should probably
just feel nothing
yeah I mean it's kind of creepy but it
clearly looks like a robot so you
probably don't have a feeling of fear
okay so this next one I'm going to show
you is a little closer to the
uncomfortable line this is a video of
the robot getting some dental work time
I mean it still looks like a robot so
I'm not completely over here yet but I'm
still way more uncomfortable than I was
when I was watching the kid now I'm
going to show you the full side of
uncomfortableness now you're probably
may expect me to show you some crazy
robot that looks just like a person I'm
gonna show you a clip from the video
game where the people inside of it looks
so incredibly real there's something off
and I don't know about you but when I
see clips of this it just makes me feel
weird just junior so you've picked a
name on one of Michael but seeing is
we're having a girl that didn't work
well keep Michael in your hip pocket
that way when he's are better Oh
beautiful do you see what I mean like
it's super real but there's something
off but it looks crazy real like if you
squint your eyes that looks like a video
of a family sitting down at a restaurant
but then when you really focus you're
like wait no there's something wrong
that is way over here on this side of
the line that is where little Michaela
lies now that leads us to today I'm
expecting a phone call from little
Michaela I literally can't I'm freaking
out but let me just okay so before we
get to the phone call I just need to
like process this with you guys let me
explain how I imagined this to go
firstly I do not think lo Michaela is
going to answer the number one question
of these who are you
I think she's gonna ignore that I think
she's gonna be like I'm Michaela and I'm
gonna be like yeah but like are you 50
Rome and she'll be like no I'm sure like
it's gonna be like that but I don't even
care like I just need to hear a voice I
need to talk to her I need to figure
this out so I know this is probably
gonna be frustrating because we're not
gonna get all the answers we want but
I'm hoping that this will like get us
some of them and I know going into it
gonna be annoyed and I'm gonna be
frustrated but I'm still saying yes to
the interview because it's a little bit
Kayla and I just I need it and I am so
so nervous so I'm gonna turn off this
camera and I'm gonna wait and the next
time you see me be on the phone okay
guys she just texted me saying she is
calling in like a minute I'm freaking
out okay okay I have my questions here
I'm gonna get all Diane Sawyer on this
girl so I'm gonna record the phone calls
so the audio will actually sound good
because she oh my god I genuinely am I'm
sure okay okay so first of all you sound
like a girl you don't sound like a group
of fifty year old guys no that was like
the rudest comment I ever got I'm not so
50 year old man like excuse me bench no
that's me okay so I listen I have all my
questions written out I'm really really
nervous this is the most excited I think
I've ever been and I'm gonna hit you
with really hard questions okay okay I'm
ready
okay so number one who are you this may
be shocking but I'm Michaela
I knew it but are you a girl who is
digitally enhancing their pictures on
Instagram so look thank so I keep
getting asked if I'm real or fake but
I'm really here I'm really talking to
you I'm really gme people i'm just
trying to make some great art and make
the world her less that was a very
strategic
so what you're saying is you are a real
person I'm talking to you right now so
maybe you do facetune or digitally
change your pictures who doesn't photos
who does not edit their photos you are
making this very hard okay so you do
digitally enhancer pictures that is
confirmed who doesn't question number
two why didn't you want to show your
face in this interview why did you say
no to Skype or in person why did you
want to do a phone well it's not really
a trustworthy place out there especially
for those who are different I think a
phone calls a good entry-level point and
what's better than a phone call these
days okay okay um why did this take so
long to put together we've been wanting
to do this interview for months so what
made you finally decide to do it well I
decided a while ago but just never
really got to it I've been working on my
music my modeling campaign you know shit
takes time so it took you a long time to
put it together there are because you're
making music which makes the theory that
maybe there is some company trying to
create a digital popstar make sense how
did you jump to that conclusion I mean
listen this is probably the biggest
theory and my personal belief is that
yes maybe you're a real person but maybe
you have a good voice and you don't have
like the look and maybe a company is
trying to make a digital pop star
because Digital pop stars will never age
and you can make them prettier and maybe
you're saying something about like the
world of pop culture by being digital
like there's a lot of theories like I
think the intellectual stuff that I've
read is really thought-provoking like
the idea that being commentary on what's
real and how the Internet is changing
relationships but I think people's
interpretations of me say way more about
them okay
so I'm gonna go through a list of people
who people think you actually are and
then you
tell me if it's true okay love it okay
people think that I'm little Michaela
true totally true theory has been
confirmed
second one Nicole roogie era who is a 3d
digital artist people think that that's
what I'm doing
okay the other big one is Darth Vader
she's so cute some people think that you
are a promotion for the new Sims game
the suit is pretty good so you know
shots fired okay all right now you've
been promoting a lot of stuff on
Instagram like clothes and music and
candles and other stuff so some people
think that you were created to promote
stuff I would never say that I have
promoted anything everything that I've
worn or tagged that's my style and it's
usually something that my friends have
made or collaborated on I've never been
paid to promote anything so where are
you from okay Downey so like South LA
oh hey I grew up in Sedona in Long Beach
so you grew okay interesting so you grab
next to me okay so if your front down
you then tell me one place that you
liked to go exclaims that is so weird
and specific because that is true but
you could've just googled that but that
was fast
okay next question music okay so you
started putting out music and it sounds
very heavily auto-tune almost like a
robot thoughts I'm just trying to
express myself I hate that we always
have to label things but I guess that's
just how the world works
I mean listen I'm gonna go back to the
beginning of this
just ask one more time is little
Michaela an actual person that I can
meet in real life and she will look like
her Instagram pictures that you get to
meet me in real life you will see what
you see on my Instagram I just don't
like really want to get into that right
now I hope you can respect that yeah I
mean listen my main thing and I told you
this in the first time we ever deemed or
emailed or anything but like if this is
a situation where you feel like
unattractive or there's something like
that where you're afraid to show your
face or there's something and you're
hiding it like just know that honestly
if you were to come out and show your
real self I don't think people would I
think people would embrace it I think
people would freak out and be excited
and love you even more than they do as a
virtual looking person I know I got some
really devoted fans that got my back
through everything but when the time is
right I'll share more interesting listen
if you do some damn interview with dr.
Phil or something where you show your
real face and you don't come to me first
I'm very mad okay look deal well thank
you so much for this weird interview I
don't I feel like I got some answers but
also not really but either way it this
is a incredible moment for my life thank
you thank you Shane you're the best oh I
can't wait to meet it's over I'm
sweating okay let's let's talk about
that I need to talk about this first of
all let me just say I felt like that
went better than I expected
I was not expecting her to answer
anything I was expecting her to be like
a Robotboy or like Siri or some shit and
be like no yes Michaela like that I was
expecting so to hear like a real girl's
voice was trippy so I think Mikael is a
real person like I think there is a real
girl but I definitely think that there
was somebody else behind it mainly
because the entries were very like
calculated and like PR style a she like
didn't answer my questions but kind of
did and then threw me off a few times
and I don't know all of that felt very
like calculated but then at the end when
I brought up like maybe she has a
deformity or maybe she's like doesn't
like herself and created a person like
she got quiet and then she was just like
listen I'll explain later like so it
almost felt like that might be it but I
don't know I don't know this is all so
weird I'm so uncomfortable I literally
have the chills so long story short the
interview was a success coming up I feel
like we did it it was fun I talked to
her it was weird
do we get all the interest no was I
expecting that no but my final wrap up
is I think Mikael is real I think
there's some somebody behind her I think
they are trying to make her puff star
and I think they're trying to make some
kind of a message like about facetune in
digital enhancement what is real and
what isn't real I think it's like some
deep heavy F shit but listen I might be
wrong I don't know let me know down the
comments who do you think will Michaela
is what do you think AHA I don't know I
feel like I should be mad I feel like I
should be like hits the interview didn't
really answer my questions but I also am
excited that I did it and I talked to
her a lot of emotions all right you guys
I'm gonna go I don't know what this was
hopefully you enjoyed it if you didn't
give me a thumbs up and haha
alright you guys make sure to subscribe
my channel hit the notification bell
below because I make new videos every
single day and if you want to sell my
other conspiracy theory video that's out
but a link to a playlist or top
description but don't want alright you
guys I'll see you tomorrow tomorrow's
even
real bar
