hey guys guess what we made new podcasts
for me and just talked to Lisa and we
also played with Farrah Abraham's vagina
you're dead cake cake cake cake cake
cake hey what's up you guys I don't know
about you but I'm a big fan of poets
every time I hear an Edgar Allen Poe
poem
my heart just murmurs but the poet that
I really enjoy is the poetry from with
Hana sticks and stones may break my
bones but whips and chains excite me oh
na na what's my name ooh na na what's my
name
sex in the air oof I love the smell of
it she just has a certain something I
can't put my finger on it
but I feel like if I did put my finger
on it I'd catch it so today we're gonna
be reviewing her next poem which is
called bitch better have my money yo yo
yo yo mu la la yo yo I think what she's
trying to say is I'm having a stroke I'm
biting my tongue can somebody put a
wallet in my mouth you know that's an
actual trick if you see somebody having
a stroke and or seizure you put a wallet
in their mouth so they don't chew off
their tongue and swallow unless you're
me cuz I have one of those cell phone
holder wallets and I feel like that
would be a lot fit and plus I don't
really want my phone to get wet like no
offense if you're having a seizure I'll
help you out boom girl you ain't gonna
fuck about 6 foot ball bitch better have
my money y'all should know me well
enough bitch better have my money I know
I should immediately think of her being
like a drug dealer or a pimp which is
probably what the songs about for some
reason I just imagine her working at
Claire's or like the icing which is like
Claire's after a zombie apocalypse hey
do you guys have one of those like
really cute charm necklaces like won't
the gold no but we have a wall of
rainbow socks nobody wants that icing
please don't call me on my bluff pay me
what you owe need ballin bigger than
LeBron LeBron see mierda Chloe cuz he's
ballin real big if it was with her the
amount of balls you need to be with that
I would rather cut off my balls and eat
them who y'all think y'all frontin on
like but I'm pretty mad put it out I
think what she's trying to say is like
she walked into what she thought was a
Chipotle but it turned out it was
actually not a Chipotle and they were
just dealing drugs and
and she's like yo front on me like this
I come to get my chicken rice bowl y'all
gonna just sell me drugs
which by the way it happens I used to
live in Long Beach and there was what I
thought was a skateboard shop it was
actually just a drug deal place and I
went in there to find some enemies
because I was fat and I wanted people to
think I was active and they didn't have
them but they didn't give me lots of
cocaine which made me active louis xiii
and it's all on me you just bought a
shot well before tumblr gets all crazy
and there's a new media rockstars post
about how strange a racist
I said ninja okay I just believed it out
so it would sound like no damn it
kamikaze if you think that you gonna
knock me off the top shit your wife in
the backseat on my brand new foreign car
oh god what's happening did she just
murder somebody are they running for the
cops where did that wife shit in her
backseat
either way I'm into it and then she just
says bitch better have my money
literally wanted to over ten times which
by the way after the tenth time you've
asked sue them you know many times when
I was working as a security guard at the
Long Beach aquarium true story and they
never sent me my paycheck and I was like
bitch but I have my money and they were
like this call has been disconnected
after the tenth time I didn't do
anything I'm a bitch turn up to Rihanna
while the whole club fucking wasted
that's true you only turn up her music
if you are out of your fucking mind
drunk sober anybody got any Sam Smith
I'm just feeling I don't know some kind
of nice rhythms got a nice melody
soothing voice wasted now yeah come on
come on come on you got anything
shittier than this no this is as shitty
as it gets okay come on every time I
Drive by I'm the only thing you're
playing she's talking to my mom actually
that's a lie my mom plays Rihanna
a lot in the car but she also has Nancy
Grace radio which row I'd have to be on
some other kind of drug dose into that
wasted no now come on core formed hey
you know sounds really good right now
Nancy Grace radio I just want to hear
about the twins bitch without my money
bitch better have my money and she says
it 28 more times and then the song is
over so I'm gonna say she's not getting
her money
you should file some kind of small suit
maybe go on the People's Court
but Rihanna if you go on the People's
Court you're gonna need to cover your
ass and not wear chaps because they're
knocking take you seriously aren't you
guys there you go I hope you got your
money
I didn't if you enjoyed this video give
it a thumbs up subscribe to make new
videos every fucking day and also
speaking of money bitch better grab your
money
ha ha see what I did there yeah my books
on sale it's in stores now a Barnes &
Nobles Amazon bla bla bla bitch better
grab your money and read a book it's
only ten dollars although a Chipotle
bowl is only $10 - so that's a hard
choice Matt you strip away ID you guys
have any idea do you boo Mike what is
happening oh no this is too real bitch
shake vigorously oh oh oh oh no no I'm
gonna have a stroke I'm gonna have
stroke
