I'm gonna go in the way she went in
which was headfirst
I don't know about you guys but every
once in a while I get trapped in the
weird part of the Internet kind of like
how you are right now I'll just be you
know googling myself or googling fan art
that is made to look like porn where
somebody cut out my head and put it on a
gay porn stars body typical things like
that
then I'll stumble across the website and
I'm like where am i well I saw PewDiePie
do a video about this it's called the
useless web where it just tells you
random websites to go to this is not a
sponsored video I'm not being paid I'm
sure he got paid did he get paid girl I
wanted to get paid either way this is
just fun and he looked like he had fun
so I want to have fun which is how kids
start doing drugs all right let's do it
please take me to another useless web
site I really hope that takes me to my
youtube channel oh god what is that oh
my god what is that is this porn this is
a porn thing beauty oh god what is
happening oh no this is too real bitch
shake vigorously oh oh oh no no I'm
gonna have a stroke I'm gonna stroke I
don't do well with that how do I get out
of it I did not like that that penis was
too Wiggly and there was too many colors
in it that's what she said in a
Teletubby bukkake imagine your in-laws
are helping you with a password this is
what they'd say why do I need a password
not this monstrosity really you call it
that a password I'm not angry just
disappointed
try harder bub this is pretty pathetic
really poor effort this has really
taking me back to a bad place I need to
leave oh god no this was made to make
people have strokes what happening no no
no what's going on I can't look at it
mom RGB Oh
in my high okay I don't know why y'all
trying to kill me but this is the
opposite of fun and this is not useless
giving me a seizure is a use Oh God
oh they're all making me want fun in
it's the same reaction I have when I'm
going through my Instagram wait what is
this what's gonna happen oh my gosh you
gonna get Hedgehog top is just one of
those Afghanistan videos because if it
is Oh bitch oh you can swap them in the
head oh that's fine
people using this shit have a lot of
pent-up rage oh you're gonna lay me out
for my job that's mine huh I'll bounce
back you just wait ah fire break and
glass now you're reaching
what's happening is that or me in the
future
see the trailer is that me oh there's
ducks ah oh my god there's so many ducks
what do I make who's that go with that
hello
I wonder if you make a penis oh that's
not what my looks like guys I promise I
don't understand what is that even what
is that is that a mango is it a fruit is
it an apple is that two apple is that a
pear and an apple put together well you
guys go that was me playing around some
useless websites me go do this again
this is kind of fun maybe I'll do this
without even filming it maybe I'll just
lay here on the couch all day while
googling pictures of myself on naked
porn stars body playing with a useless
website maybe I should get a real job
I think eyes hope you have funding on
the editing of you oh that's fun oh can
join this too much and who cares
