hey guys guess what we did a new podcast
with Lisa we talked about our dating
life and our breakups and our
relationship and what it really is like
it got really weird and we also played
with Farrah Abraham's vagina toy go
check out cake cake cake cake hey there
guys yes it is time again to relive my
childhood and ruin it again I might be
playing with weird-ass kid toys that I
found in the clearance section at Target
you know what else I found they're not
cool my new movie I'm kidding it wasn't
in the clearance section it was in the
garbage there's nothing prettier than me
walking around to Target with a basket
full of toys actually was kind of
creepier when I walked into a target
just to get Kelly Clarkson's new CD yeah
that was creepy let's get started so
this is called a punch ball critter
coincidentally was my nickname in school
I'm kidding this toys not called fat
fuck alright so basically I guess how it
works is you blow it up and then you
punch it something really disturbing
about this I don't know what this is
teaching kids hey guys if you have a fun
cute little critter punch until it's
dead because that is a good lesson okay
this is getting really creepy every time
I blow and look down at him he looks
terrified no I feel like he doesn't want
it feel like this should be consensual
you can always say no just kidding I own
you okay how do I close it tuck the two
bit toward the mouth and roll it in the
lips wish I would have had those
instructions in health class it also
says blow it up stretch it bounce it do
whatever you want to it I'm glad I
didn't have those instructions in L
class all right I'm rolling up his nose
and shoving it in his mouth oh it works
oh my god that's what mine looks like
don't ask okay so you put your finger in
its tail then you just punch it
oh that's fun oh-ho Kevin join this too
much and who cares oh I'm so much rage
so much anger so much energy so much
everything Oh huh huh whoo I need a
minute okay I'm ready to go if I had
this when I was a kid I wouldn't be fat
I wouldn't have time to eat I've been
punching this I love you and that's why
I mean to you all right now that I'm
sweating let's move on to something a
little less active this is called a
light-up balloon
um I don't believe a second of this
house idli when you blow the balloon it
turns into a light sounds like some
bullshit to me all right here we go by
the way I don't know if you can hear
that there's something happening in the
hallway either they're cleaning the
carpets or a girl is just running a
severe you don't know what that is
google it just kidding done okay pull
okay hold it I don't know what I just
did but I did it and then well okay I
was not expecting this much blowing in
this video I am tired
can you please ride your vibrator
somewhere else bitch Oh Pynchon Pole oh
I fucked it up sorry pinch and pull oh
oh I can see it oh fuck wait let's turn
the light off and it didn't work
haha no but I saw it it's in there this
is why I have bad trust issues oh my god
I screamed that she stopped riding her
vibrator
oh my yelling helped her finish all
right well those in fucking work
speaking of things that remind me of how
uncoordinated I am this is a hacky sack
I don't know why I got the rainbow one
actually yes I do my I gravitated toward
it also it was made in Guatemala so you
know it's good okay so I never knew how
to do these and I'd always see the cool
stoner kids doing it in school and I'd
be like I want to be just like that guy
except I want to try harder drugs I mean
if we're gonna do drugs in high school
weed please give me heroin straight to
my veins all right here we go okay good
first attempts try it again
that hit me in the face all right come
on we got this we got this uh-huh okay
now we're gonna go to the elbows uh-huh
no that didn't work uh-huh okay now
we're gonna nope no I'll fuck them I'd
rather just do Parowan and last but not
least I'm so excited about this this is
a bubble machine and it says there's no
batteries included I guess you just blow
on it I'm confused and I'm excited
pretty much
explains my whole life okay so you just
open this and I guess this in it how
does it work
oh I just broke its hymen you don't know
what that is google it getting just look
out so then I put it in here and then I
twirl it I think oh oh my god oh my god
this is the best thing I've ever bought
in my whole life oh my god
oh I never wanted to stop I believe that
you cannot creature something fuzzy hey
I'm gonna go to the park with this and
just play with it and wait for all the
children to gather around me and pop all
the bubbles and then probably get
arrested but I don't care oh oh guys
this is a good purchase player you guys
go those are my toys for today I got all
my anger out I got all my sadness out I
got all my fun out I'm good somebody
kill me
right you guys I'm gonna go hope you
have fun playing with me at fun playing
with you I need to stop saying that why
do I keep saying it every time and I'll
see you tomorrow
fight what no well no if you've a
hamburger pops out of there bitch on out
I'll actually tear it way better I'm
gonna tear it so you can actually see it
is just one card I don't think I like
Mitch it scares me
