then I close all the blinds slide up a
candle and thanks days the Dark Lord of
the underworld for getting me to a
million subscribers oh yeah now you're
all done hey let's have you guys I'm
here with Chris ballinger and he is a
magician but you know what he didn't
know is it I'm one too I did that right
right yeah yeah it was good hell yeah
yes we're gonna be some magic by we I
mean him and by magic I mean he's going
to be something that is from the devil
I'm gonna scream and uh I don't know
probably like myself on fire and jump
out that window this sounds real fun
let's do it okay I actually need your
help with this could you take that card
mm mm go ahead it's a real card it is a
real talking to blow up okay and I want
you to fold it what does that called
hamburger style the short one bitch you
know I know that felt that hamburger
style animal starving yeah exactly I'm
gonna do mine hot dog style oh I go with
burrito but you see with okay okay okay
and crease it good okay great and now
unfold it and fold it along the same
crease again but the other way around
okay so now I can take your part and put
it inside my cart right that's what
babies are and then watch this is the
magic part if I unfold it and I refold
it now mine is magically inside yours
what it was on the outside now it's on
the inside that doesn't make any sense
I know it's magic show me well the weird
thing is that if I push it through
it flips itself
over
what no well no if you if a hamburger
pops out of their bitch on out I'll
actually tear it way better I'm gonna
tear it so you can actually see it is
just one card what huh pull it pull it's
like actually going part so I supposed
to break it no that's fine
but you can see that the pieces don't
actually match up that when you it if
you have to flip it over because it's a
one car man I don't think I like much it
scares me
well do you want to learn some magic all
right I don't know is there like an
initiation is this like a cult is this
like what what's gonna happen yeah you
have to swear okay I swear I swear good
enough for me
alright here's what we're gonna do for
this you're gonna need a spoon have you
ever seen a magician like been a spoon
yes and it's a scariest thing I've ever
seen in my life and I've looked at
videos on how to do it nobody will tell
you so instead of teaching you how to
bend a spoon because anyone can bend if
you use enough force anyone can take a
spoon and bend it like that right I
don't think I could but I'm bending it
oh oh just as magical thing go and check
no yes I don't want to touch it
yeah that's real wait hold on yeah no it
works so you can learn how to go do you
guys want to learn how to do it feel
like I'm in a really scary ass kid show
okay show us how you did it okay so you
need a spoon and you need a nickel okay
so you're going to take the nickel and
you're gonna hide it right here then you
take the spoon and when you go to act
like you're bending the spoon what
you're actually doing is they're seeing
a nickel but the spoon is just kind of
your hand so but from the front if you
use both hands and you do some acting
yeah yeah I don't know if I could do
that it looks like it's bent and nobody
knows it's a nickel because nobody use
this nickel to more sadly but from the
side I mean that looks like our saloon
yeah
but it's really just hiding back here
it's still straight okay so then all you
have to do is grab the top of the spoon
and shake it a little bit and then you
had this I could do it my kids want to
see me bend a spoon alright okay with me
everybody say Ben spoon bender Ben spoon
Ben
Oh Oh that spoon is bench isn't it but
is it perfect oh my god I'm a fucking
wizard I did it I'm so excited now you
know blow minds
what blow minds oh but you said blow
mine and I know that's not what I said
you're a family man
little kids and that would be bad well
hey guys go that was magic Junior I
actually want to show you a magic trick
okay now you don't know this but I am
actually a magician it's not just the
Hat I got a deck of cards here you see
you see you see just a normal deck of
card
boom boom boom all different cards now
I'm gonna be scrolling through the cards
and you're gonna be putting your finger
in there and picking one are you ready
yes Oh interesting interesting choice I
wouldn't pick that why don't you take
that show it to the audience
interesting now place it back in the
deck okay great I'm just gonna go
through and I'm gonna separate these
into three small pile one two three
now which jag do you think the car is in
I think it's in this one
oh okay interesting I'm gonna take these
away they were revin we don't need them
now why don't you uh check to see if
that card is on top oh that's crazy
you're welcome now I want to blow your
mind a little bit more so I'm just going
to put that right back in the middle
hold on it's back on top oh how I did it
again you know even crazier if I showed
you the deck of cards now and it's all
King of Hearts all of them how did I do
it I don't know come back next week and
I'll show you how to disappear
oh no obviously she showed me how to do
that trick and you showed me how to do a
lot of other tricks over on his channel
so go over there and check it out cos he
did one that actually scared me and I
had to go to the bathroom and relieve
myself to get all of the scared out it
was a lot also make sure to do the spoon
trick to one of your friends and
as video or post it on Twitter or
something cuz I want to see their
reactions because it's really something
cool and they're gonna think you're
wizard and then you're gonna go to a
different school like a wizard school
like an academy and then they're gonna
be like a lightning bolt on your head
that's a good idea for a movie we
shouldn't think that we should I don't
think anyone's thought of it I don't
think so either we're gonna be
billionaire this is this is good all
right guys let me have fun making magic
with us me if I make a magic with you
make sure you get this video thumbs up
Gober news channel subscribe check it
out and if you want more magic videos
leave in the comments down there what
tricks you want to learn and maybe
you'll teach them to me and I'll do that
or maybe not okay
alright you guys I've got like I made
you disappear see what I did there oh
again
I can't stop so the book is coming out
so I thought it'd be fun if I sent like
a advance copy to family and friends and
youtubers who I liked and pretty much
everybody in my life that I love so I'm
not sending myself one okay anyways
