hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to you what the fuck news my name is
Destry and I might slightly be addicted
to coffee but this is what the fuck news
are we talking about the strange ass
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first story what the
fuck dudes is this lady looks nice
did she win an award no what's the award
is for the lady who just lit an entire
yoga studio on fire award but no
apparently they'll be 41 year old
Susanne Duarte from Dallas Texas who
actually probably wins the award for
most happy looking mugshot I've ever
fucking seen set the yoga studio on fire
because two guys who were associated
with the studio had been harassing her
for years and said quote I thought it
was going to make me happy to burn the
place that had brought me so much pain
and suffering to just set it on fire to
just destroy it and to get rid of the
Devils temple since when is a yoga
studio the devil's temple I honestly
could not imagine the devil doing yoga
yeah Duarte also claims the two have
been trying to make her their side bitch
often grabbing her as she would leave
the studio and she had just had enough
so she waited until no one was there got
some gasoline and matches and just sent
the motherfucker on fire fortunately no
one was injured and the fire department
got there before any significant damage
was done to the building no window arte
was arrested she said that her only
regret was that the studio didn't burn
to the ground Jesus lady you're getting
harassed you report it to the police you
don't burn down an entire yoga studio
what are you doing it more what the fuck
news a man was caught on CCTV footage
trying out a fake vagina in a sex shop
and then just put it back on the shelves
and left the store buddy you can't do
that man you can't just try those things
out it's not a fucking shoe you can't be
like dude
yeah you know I'm just really not
feeling this one apparently though the
unidentified man in question went to a
sex shop in Britain called simply
passion looking like a man with a plan
storming upstairs in the store and
seeking the first flashlight he could
find having absolutely no idea that
there were cameras everywhere watching
his every move as he pleasured himself
with a fake vagina police are currently
trying to find him and I honestly just
think it's gonna be really funny when he
gets caught and it's like I think that's
my husband in that footage
Harold is that you or a bear gonna be
you
the real thing more often I wouldn't
have to do that yeah bitch lexan what
the fuck mirrors a man is suing the
hospital after it went into the hospital
wanting a kidney operation and instead
had his penis amputated what how could
you fuck up that bad and in what
scenario with the answer be to just
amputate a guy's dick all right nurse
this guy's coughing a little bit we
might have to educate his dick but
evidently be 55 year-old toasty kymaro
Leon oh fuck is that name checked in
Jimmy County Hospital in the town of
booze out in Romania after his having
kidney failure but then had
complications in his operation
apparently nobody said complication was
when the nurse couldn't properly fit the
plastic tube that helps impede leading
to his dick becoming red and inflamed to
beyond repair that sucks
yeah I'd really sue too at least we know
why it had to be amputated though
because I literally thought he went in
there and it was like all right sir the
operation was a complete success we've
successfully taken your take off what I
came in here for a kidney operation
you're not mr. Macha hodo No Oh yikes um
is there any way we can reattach his
dick no oh well I'm really sorry man
really hope there's no hard feelings
between us but mr. Mariana is trying to
sue for 500,000 heroes or roughly five
hundred and forty thousand dollars which
honestly to me doesn't seem like it's
enough your dick is gone this is the
most prized appendage of almost 99% of
mail and you're just gonna say oh yeah
totally it's fine worth five hundred and
forty thousand dollars fuck no in his
defense though mr. Barr early on it was
said I urinate just like a woman now I'm
devastated buddy you're talking to a guy
sits down to pee like 90% of the time
it's honestly not that bad but I tell
you what is devastating not having a
dick it's like the only defense that you
need and now the court will hear the
opening statement from mr. Marley on
earth they literally chop my dick off I
find the court in favor of mr. Marley
Onan lastly in some movie news a couple
awesome pictures were releases last week
of some spoilers for some upcoming
movies including the first look at Jesse
Eisenberg as Lex Luthor in the upcoming
Batman vs. Superman movie honestly he
looks pretty fucking weird but maybe
that's what they were going for I don't
know also picture was released of the
first look at the Deadpool suit for the
rumored
coming Deadpool movie which I look super
fucking good it looks like they you know
stuck pretty closely to the original
comics which is always nice to see also
the teaser trailer for the upcoming
Walking Dead la spin-off was released
which doesn't really show us that much
but I'm just really hopeful that it will
be at least half as good as the original
show and then finally the last trailer
for Mad Max fury road was released which
looks like just a fuckin tit load of fun
definitely a bit of y'all have to go
check out don't even know what it is or
what it's about but it just looks like
so much fun
so fully it's awesome anyways though
this has been what the fuck news the
question of the day for you guys is how
many of you guys sit down to pee I'm
just kidding that's not the real
question the real question is what would
you do to get back at someone who
harassed you burn down a yoga studio pee
in their oatmeal let me know in the
comments down below all of these stories
as always in the description down below
as well as all my links before you guys
go make sure to check out my newest
video on my channel where I do a Q&A
where I pretend to be super fucking old
first question comes from Tiffany I'm
sure our Spade just ready
why are you sure well here's the thing
about nope just broke my jaw I can't
wait to be that old it's gonna crazy -
make sure to check that video out link
will be in the description as always
anyways I will see you next week for
another what the fuck news and Fairwinds
