now it's time for me to help my mom with
the chores hey honey you want to help me
with the dishes I pay you rent
ha hey guys I guess I apologize for
what's happening right now actually know
what I don't apologize for it I
congratulate you for it because you're
still watching anyways yes I just got
back from the gym and I put on my work
shirt a muskrat holding an axe nothing
says I have a job like that anyways I am
about to take a shower because I'm gonna
head over to grace helbig's house to do
her podcast um what else did I do today
today
okay so you know my book is coming out
I've talked about it a lot
I'm sorry actually no what I
congratulate you we're still watching me
even though I talk about it too much
anyways I'm excited so the book is
coming out so I thought it'd be fun if I
sent like a advance copy to family and
friends and youtubers who I like and
pretty much everybody in my life that I
love so I'm not sending myself one
anyways so I thought instead of you know
just like writing it out like to grace
Helbig from Shane I was like you know be
crazy what if I bought Valentine's and
got really creepy with it so creepy that
people might retry it I just want people
to be uncomfortable
I want technically these books are gonna
be going out after Valentine's Day which
makes it even more creepy but you know
what makes it better the fact that they
have hand tattoos have fixes everything
so I'm gonna spend a couple hours
writing out some fun little cards and
then I am going to head over to Grace's
house guys guess what I'm here with me
and texas-style cuz some kind of status
change you're recording my podcast which
is so wonderful of him and then he just
did something really detrimental to my
character and career I know I feel like
this is when um you know like the Real
Housewives have like reunions and
they're like you compromise my Shane how
dare you it's like a wife swap you ever
see those oh yeah where they sit at the
table and then and then she's like I
gave you my Twitter account you know
what you did with it yeah I gave you my
children you don't you did with it you
throughout all of our easy cheese and
took in Tara Reid so what happened was
if you guys don't already know
and you should cuz I'll put the link
down there to her pocket but she let me
take over her Twitter so yeah I come you
can tweet whatever you want and from my
Twitter account just nothing racist
nothing homophobe
nothing he said was basically yeah and I
was like oh I can do that that's easy
yeah um so I just tweeted you know hey
guys so excited to announce that at Tara
Reid is my new co-host for my talk show
let's get it trending guys hashtag
Tehran on how big I we've done how many
episodes now legally 21 20 episodes this
is the first tweet I've ever had to lead
to real to real I mean like Tara hit me
up come on the podcast God should yeah
what would you do with her okay
uh yes if we're gonna film a challenge
video I'm very excited there's Plato
involved and uh and Tara Reid's gonna be
surprising guys so get ready guys who
just finished the collab I pretty much
killed you yeah you really I mean I just
this is an endless educational
experience of what Shane is great at and
awful at um I'm where I'm awful at
gaining trust and I'm really great at
making animals in a quick time ready
it's about the slamming motion more than
the actual end results and what is it
LSD Barney it's exactly what you I see
things perfect yeah go check out the
podcast guys it's done and she's filming
- oh this is the worst if people do this
wait we have to do it ready yeah yeah
sorry guys yes I am back from the
podcast slash collab oh my god thought
that was a ghost slash stick figure man
I might have done ecstasy with grace
Helbig uh Oh God drew scared the shit
out of me I really think I am on
something as the last time I ever fall
asleep in an uber again anyways yes I
thought it would be fun to show you guys
something that I bought because it just
shows my problems with addiction you
guys know me I can't just have one thing
I can't just like oh I'll just have like
one teaspoon of peanut butter no bitch
jargon I can't have you know just one
packet of Splenda nope the whole Factory
well welcome to my next obsession coffee
coffee coffee
I'm gonna die young yes I found this
thing by the way not sponsored I wish it
was because this motherfucker was it too
expensive so every time I go into
somebody's office they have one of these
like a little personal coffee maker and
I was like oh you know once in a while I
like to drink the coffee not that often
and then the lady or the trainer on my
diet was like oh you know you could have
coffee totally fine I was like I can but
then I went to the store and I was like
oh well I mean I have to try brown sugar
cake I mean I also have to try Cinnabon
I mean it'd be stupid if I didn't try
the donut shop I mean I'm not gonna have
a donut if I don't have golden french
toast
I mean what's golden french toast
without a little caramel vanilla on top
I mean wrap it up with a pumpkin pie and
we're good to go
so I got this little tree to hold them
on and then I realized that this little
tree can't hold 500 did I mention I'm
gonna die young so I am really excited
about this what should we make right now
okay let's have fun let's make what oh
god they're all so good the saddest part
is I don't even take them from here
because I don't want people to know how
much I use it so I take them from here
and that one's almost go I have not
tried this one yet
this is caramel vanilla cream I could
definitely fuck that with my lil dick
that's right alright so I'm just gonna
lay my cunt on there
oh it's preheating okay we'll wait come
on now that I'm in a rush or anything
okay hurry the fuck up good Keurig you
did good
now open up and let me put it inside
this was that I have no idea mmm right
and then you just push it down I'm gonna
put that up to ten ounces oh yeah yeah
just come on out come on come on baby
which ID likes put it in makan put in my
god oh it's fit oh it's brown Oh eat you
up alright now for the taste test it's
good oh it smells like fat I'll get in
me huh oh oh fuck Oh taking me many
places oh shit
I fuckin love the taste of caramel
vanilla I wish I could actually eat it
but instead I'll just drink this fake
version of it dieting
alright I'm gonna drink my coffee then
I'm gonna send out all my little
Valentine's Day cards to all my friends
and send them all my book
alright you guys hope you have fun
hanging with me today I fit hang with
you and I will see you tomorrow and the
next day and the next day and the next
day and the next day and Noke start i'm
your spirit animal just so you know my
spirit animal is a dying elephant that
keeps ramming he's headed to the glass
at the zoo everybody laughs at him
thinking it's funny but inside he just
wants to be dead
