now it's time to write my book all done
hey what's up you guys yes I am on my
knees and I am looking at your guys's
snaps what the fuck is my life alright
here we go I haven't looked at these all
days so I'm excited to see what terrible
things are happening no sorry it's a rat
on a girl shoulder and it says meet
Eddie there's a very specific type of
person that enjoys the company of rats
and those are people who don't enjoy the
company of other people though so what
I'm a Roz Starla I don't know what's
happening all I know is that this girl
looks passed out and dead literally me
though you'll oh my god bitch so this is
a girl from Avatar she follows me on
snap which by the way how do you think
avatar people sext each other do you
think it's just like ponytail emojis
girl what what kind of person is like
brushing their teeth you're like oh you
know what now's a perfect time to send a
snapchat to a 26 year old stranger I'll
tell you what kind of girl that is a
girl with no parents
I have no idea what's happening but
please I can do it better there's
nothing like a video of a 15 year old
girl telling me that my elephants big
and she wants to inspect it this girl is
just stunning me a lot of selfies and I
feel like she didn't know she was
setting it up clearly she got her
snapchat app confused with her just
camera phone and she was like damn door
on the Cosmi today let me do different
angles and then I show them to the world
you're welcome
hi Shane you should come too and then
nothing
I'll be right there I think I've
centered the perch I don't know what's
happening oh I'm your spirit animal just
so you know my spirit animal is a dying
elephant that keeps ramming his headed
to the glass at the zoo everybody laughs
at him thinking it's funny but inside he
just wants to be dead
whoa that made my penis shudder why is
every girl sending me weird songs I've
been singing sexually less songs more
nodes hey I really hope you snap back
because of my favorite youtuber all
times and you're always making me happy
when skies are very love you so much
first of all I just want to say I like
the fact that she was filming can't be
rappers on her shelf and I also like the
fact that she's doing a little poem at
the end
he's an emotional poetic eater I think
I'll adopt her and have her for my own
kind of being a ginger wait I mean Satan
pretty good my crotch looks like the pit
of hell so that's fun
oh that's boots old are you oh God
censor bad I've never seen a mouth pop
with braces before I was feeling that it
advice how to get over my fame building
problem because I literally broke my
foot and I was in the house for a month
and I'd always cuz here's what that
didn't make any sense right she has a
fangirling problem she broke her leg and
then she started screaming if you break
your other leg and don't leave the house
I'm gonna be honest I like to make jokes
and stuff that terrified me that
actually sent a chill through my body
how fucking made the hair on my neck and
I have a lot of it stand up
oh hey Shane I was just wondering is
your mom still single cuz I'm on black
guy and I'm ready to mingle
is she ready first of all that was a
deep s voice and it turned me on
second of all yes my mom is single she's
ready to mingle she doesn't care about
the color she doesn't care about the
size she just wants to get it in that's
her actual bio on match.com all right
let's do one more when you get the D oh
girl
how old are you we new 12 years old the
only D you should be getting is SunnyD
oh those are so good
do people still drink those anymore or
doughnut or ding dong or dog biscuit I
grew up poor don't judge me let's go
those are all your snaps for today if
you want to send me more snaps go to LOL
shane dawson and send them to me maybe
you'll be on my big screen creeping me
the fuck out right you guys help me I
found a puppy I thought Snapple with you
and I will snap with you later bye I
used to do this and then squeeze it that
was when I first got my first arm here
and then Oh
I pretend to be like eating a pussy
there shit I would also do it here what
was the difference of what a pussy
