you're perfect but one day we'll be able
to get that surgery that we both been
wanting you're gonna look like hillary
death before she had a kitty got fat
should put this in the beginning it why
did you do that
oh oh how'd you do that that's scary so
much whenever you've ever done that like
my math teacher one hey what's up
everybody I'm here with drew Monson we
are doing the gross fast food challenge
tag so on his channel we are going to
eat a bunch of fast foods that we
thought gross and a much and we're gonna
eat a bunch of fast food desserts that
could be gross or good we don't know so
the first one sounds better to you you
can skip this one we already got that ad
money also fucking oh my god cool what's
up I'm on Netflix question you got a do
it yes go get him
you don't give now cool five stars on
Netflix also if you or the fact that all
the related movies are gay movies oh is
it literally it says recommended for
people who watch not cool bare city
tight little ass over money anyways
we're gonna try some foods which we
start out with mmm let's start out with
something that could be good but it's
probably gonna be gross this is from
McDonald's this is called the melty
delicious the expiration date is
yesterday oh this is McDonald's oh wow
oh do you want to trouble okay alright
take a piece is this what it was like
the first time you said to dick I
haven't started to hear oh I like it a
lot
oh really good know it sees like Bo at
the end it got bad
oh that's sound like coffee it tastes
like when I used to lick my armpit
I remember that I do that Oh like when
you're little and you like looking you
cook oh oh yeah oh shit ever have a
taste of deodorant all I never worked I
used to do this and then squeeze it that
was when I first got my first art there
and then I would like pretend to be like
eat my pussy do shit I would also do it
here mmm what was the difference of what
a push
haha obviously exactly the same
I give that one zero out of ten armpit
pussies I give that to of
two rude ladies i McDonald to the Afghan
our order she goes what would you like
we said make it a mix fish sandwich and
it's cinema as you were ah alright this
next one I'm actually excited about and
not just because I was a sponsor of them
ah this is the Taco Bell
cinnamon bonnet little balls fuckers
very very excited their failed bitch
they're like little pimples but the
literature may look like just full of
testicles and I don't care I'm not and
should they be a warm-up should they be
colder they're supposed to be warm do we
squirt them at each other or do we just
eat we'll see that yeah you're right Oh
Oh - oh that's a shit you know where you
can get this only in the app mmm you
know what this is like when some we're
at a potluck and someone's grandma
brought a dessert she's like it's really
good and you're like it doesn't look
good at all if they don't meal cheese
can you just have a bite and it's really
good you know I mean so true you know
it's real gross yes this is some way
these are those amazing with our little
garnish strawberry it's raspberry I
thought it mmm bitch that looks like a
bunch of pop back pimple blisters Cheers
here we go
I hate it already Oh ah hit the smell oh
yeah it's like when your grandma gives
you something if you'd like this is
gonna be grown and then you eat your
grandma's pussy and you're like
blue-gray oh hey hey that's all you man
she put her pussy inside your ass bitch
around very cheesecake from Carl's jr.
and it grew me psychedelic bitch oh no
it's melted
Cheers grandma's puss oh oh oh oh get it
with your fucking Mountain wha ha ha ha
that was gross in a different way well
it's the new way I need more are you
really gonna leave me like this
oh you're just like all done so we went
to 7-Eleven cuz I've never tried their
treats and we got two things we got an
apple fritter e and we got this baby
this is called a declare right oh I got
you Oh catch up catch it catch it
oh yeah I'm excited about this one cuz
there was two flies on it and as I
bought it it flew away I hope things
reminding me of my ass also we only
rated one of them oh yeah how's Europe
honestly I don't hate this oddly enough
this is my favorite thing so far besides
to talk about which is the best I don't
like the way that the custard blending
in with the force camp I mean the
leftover foreskin in my mouth but from
my homemade circumcision honestly people
say can you suck your own dick
oh can you circumcise your own Nick find
out in my video down there this is an
apple fritter but there's no apples in
it and it looks like they go bukkake I
don't want to eat it that's hard to
pikake looks like first bubble cookies
not an object I don't know what your
grandma bought you for your purchase
bukkake is intact okay wait it's just an
apple ooh I like it spicy a hydra-matic
systemic it's grease like when what have
you seen grease I was gonna make a joke
about your hair then I was like oh it's
a sensitive does it make it better
I was gonna hit you but you're a little
bitch sorry bunny my hair is not greasy
it's not good just no I'm kidding you
know what I could go for right now
a chocolate overload world
jack-in-the-box not by the way I've had
I've been overloaded on chocolate before
it takes a lot more than that
jack-in-the-box what kind of pussy I
think this is oh that looks like a pussy
huh oh shit all right here we go
no it can't be that bad don't be a bitch
it tastes like it was eaten a spit up
and put to a mold yeah check in the box
oh that's good I mean you're telling me
everything I've ever liked has been
up into a mold this is really good I
like it no no Morty all right and
finally something I have never tried
before which everybody's shocked is us
fat or going your toilet fuck you oh he
was in the car are you imagining that is
everybody from high school tennis or
real things just you imagining people
calling you fat Oh would you say earlier
he thinks that when people come tall
they're coming back they are like
they're calling you tall no because when
the kids see me realize like oh my god
your mom is something just talk about
your children on the Kinsey well my
children team they go oh my god you're
so much taller don't they don't know
you're so much fat Oh taller they don't
do that lick and suck my talk dick
honestly no come to mind makes me greedy
alright let's give this frost date as a
straw thing don't pretend like you're
bad it's good luck if you say nothing
tasty you've got the wrong taste it
tastes like nothing well I get the nail
well first of all I know what you mean
but I think you're wrong and I think
it's embarrassing
well there you guys go oh really hahaha
that's it
oh we should put all these together in a
blender do you want just much mom
together let's do it don't hey turn the
video off right now if you don't like
gross things right honestly this looks
like a cheesecake Patrick do like a you
were like get me a brownie meltdown
that's nothing good yeah okay alright
let's get it right if somebody made this
you in a restaurant you'd be like I
understand it's just creative come on
let's get it no yeah it's your plan oh I
hate it how'd it get over my mouth and
out so happen oh oh so much spam email
Oh
what is some ketchup in it what did you
think was gonna happen
honestly I thought what if it's good
that'll be the twist oh there's a big
hanging I don't my fingers wrote this
story they're gonna be telling like the
Pope of how the guy made post-its or
like the bullshit store they're like two
bros we're filming best collapse you
ain't got a wring it out oh really oh
this is just sad this is just turning to
a can jcbeep it's just not it's not fun
like it's shock value and it's
embarrassing and for you to put this on
your
don't you dare put that on my head you
fans done fuck you do it
why would I ever do that you would get I
think you might actually punch it I know
how mad you I know you I know you're
lying when you turn to a Simpson scared
good what no not oh good impression but
I like more of like an emotional abuser
I'm not gonna get you dirty well guys
there you go hopefully you enjoyed our
intense food our veg food dessert
whatever the fuck this was waste of
money
gorgeous chance of five and watch the
video where we ate actual fast food it
might be good alright you guys up there
buddy with us we have bunny and thrown
up with you I am single
alright see you tomorrow yeah
bye guys no bitch no bitch you're gonna
have it we used to wait up her but you
know you can be throw how do you teach
you that bitch but I'm paying for it now
