this is a scar exact my boobs are there
scars on my nipple later labor is full
that's right
why you can show scarred from earful
tonight can that get to play your like
last Laci green feminist anything eyes
of you attrition we are gonna do another
hashtag train video this time we're
gonna be trying out Easter candies and
hopefully vomiting all that Michael
we've already been vomiting on my
channel and squirting OH
and squirting you can squirt guys I mean
it was the delivery was wet first kids
really excited about this because I've
never seen frozen fucking can't stand
this guy because everybody talks about
him really oh my god literally OTP made
Olaf or whatever so I was excited cuz
you know what I can do with him what
Jack bitch let it go in the trash I
thought it hit your penis I was like a
little concerned why did I fucking hate
it is kind of the same song oh that's
thick oh I'm gonna fuck all off in the
face I hate this guy what fucking minute
face oh I orgasm like IVs Emma oh that's
intense
yeah so that's all off let's give a
little fun filled it's fun hollow
look at empty just like that be edgy
yeah yeah get so many haters who love us
really frozen haters dead those inators
Stoops f it just tastes like nothing
tastes like a boring and recycled
fucking it chocolate that I've tasted a
million times before
yep they change the name of it and now
it made a billion dollar has something
similar but oh you'll love this ring
beeps bitch finally a P back in deep
throat you chew okay oh my
I love it oh my God we're going on a
train to look crazy
no we're going on a trip to a crazy
rocket ship done dot we're going on a
train train train song The Wiggles like
on pump chugga-chugga a big red train
masturbators I know I don't have that
text photo Wiggles so there are all day
you did I didn't I know someone good I
wish I did Jeff get up all right let's
have a contest let's see how who can get
the farthest down oh you're always will
you always win these deep probe so how
do i do what do i do should have any
peach again one two don't purge out your
lips
that's cheating only two oh fuck we
can't stab yourself with the bro because
it's like butch is ready no bitch no
bitch every to happen these two wait a
purpose you know you can be throw how
did you that bitch but I'm paying for it
now oh good definitely it's like dick on
the street my god that's so sad
well you're like actually tearing yeah
I'm thinking about it you should do a
movie where it's like death by like deep
throating peeps you know like kind of
this nation I think you throw teams to
perfect and I die because like I tell
myself okay give me something good what
we poke you all over oh this is filled
with something Oh anal beads oh my god
oh my god rub it on your pussy by the
way I'm gonna eat it right now okay ah
ah oh fuck as I get like chocolate we
crack it open
yeah crack it over your pussy like
little little baby eggs oh my god first
video into a sex with you if you just
like really
like Ross Strongbow working up
I got Caesars teeth the sucks that was
whatever yeah I mean this is just gonna
taste like Olaf you know thought it was
worth it cuz it would fucking crack your
pussy on it ah here's lemon all right
now I gonna crack my dick on something
yeah let me buy something good for your
penis Wow Miss Lee another one of my
life model right you have an option you
have chocolate bunny stuck your dick is
definitely solid definitely solid or or
piece with a thrown up egg on literally
just put that up and there creamsicle so
do you want to smush your penis in peeps
or you wanna give that bunny oh my
goodness funnier crack that's open that
door edges up ah don't be in your ass go
Oh first of all that actually how much
broke her penis how did you fuck do that
shit I broke his little head on my
little dick thank you with hardcore
going into I wish we did like angle that
down just imagine what it was guys I
don't know guys can just taste like
chocolate chocolate yeah no we got a
crack of warning beeps so let's open up
the orange creamsicle piece even though
there's like shit on wait hold on let's
make it a tea party bitch
these are gonna be so gross together
wait better
evany and ivory cheers bitch hmm I don't
hate that I don't hate it yeah it
reminds me of rainbow sherbet member
that oh shit together me make that shit
look like mud bitch or lip smackers yeah
I don't hate that yeah this is the first
thing I've actually liked I thought I'd
hate it I don't man the last thing I
have and it sounds disgusting as I hate
coping everything was hoping that why is
coconut like the inter spring thing I
don't know because Jesus is not coconut
no he's not he was I would not praise
him he praised it yeah and praise Him
she doesn't like honestly one of my
favorite people all right
hello it smells like coconut bro
I'm not a cleanup person not good
Oh give me a hint no actual coconut in
it just has coconut flavoring that hits
you later
wait till you swallow it mm-hmm Oh like
expired two extra mayo yeah that's right
what it is they're like wait we gotta
throw a batch actually just coming up
cocaine is disgusting oh you're
disgusting
well there you guys go there Easter
candy I'll check out the second half
over her channel she squirts all over
the place it's grimy and let it go
subscribe and also I like questions day
what's your favorite Easter candy
mine is definitely peeps hundreds at oh
no mice can't bear your eggs
yeah you're right you're right you're
right I'm sorry it's like yeah sure we
cannot be friends I'm sorry buddy keep
track go second I know what you mean
Easter Jewish Jesus Hanukkah what are
they fresh I don't know Jay oh my god
you they're putting things in the
microwave always makes it better except
not your head you can't actually kill
yourself that way sorry
little-known fact microwaving gives you
man tits it also gives you cancer but
I'll take the cancer in the man tits cuz
how pockets are good a friend
