oh hey how is just trying to up in my
head little-known fact it's one of the
most popular ways to kill yourself
number one is hanging yourself in a
closet with a necktie but I mean that
fancy hey guys yes
speaking of torturing myself today I'm
going to be doing another puppy kitchen
this time it's gonna get a little bit
Italian up in here because I'm going to
be doing pizza or at least I think
that's what that's supposed to be it
kinda just looks like a blister I filled
off my foot when you got a blister on
your foot and peel it off poppy kitchen
alright let's do this alright so I feel
like this won't gonna be pretty easy I
mean how hard is it to mess up pizza
it's actually pretty easy just have
Little Caesars okay the instructions
look pretty easy so first you just mix
this yellow thing into here and this is
gonna be your pizza dough alright I feel
so Italian
I got enough arm here oh my god I feel
like I'm working at Chuck E Cheese
except there's less abusive parents
around me and way less bugs in the food
okay so I guess I'm microwave it on top
of this and it should make a pizza all
right wish me luck that did nothing
alright so I guess you just flatten it
out with this thing nope that didn't
work I maybe slap it out on this and
then out burns there we go
pizza now we have to make the sauce or
if you grew up in my house ketchup when
you are poor is fuck and you can afford
sauce you use ketchup oh yeah this is
looking real good
just like I popped a Whitehead on my
back all right so let's just pile that
on top of our pizza crust I mean
honestly I know I'm supposed to be like
dude gross but this isn't that bad I
mean it don't fucking look like pizza
but don't look that bad alright where's
the cheese yes bitch I don't know why
there's peas in it silly Japan that's
not pizza
that looks like a Weight Watchers pizza
thumbs up if you see smart ones cuz you
thought they'd make you skinny and they
didn't alright there's a lot of packets
left and I don't really know what
they're for this one's brown I'm gonna
guess meat so the meat is kind of the
same color as the cheese so maybe I'm
supposed to cook it putting things in
the microwave always makes it better
except not your head you can't actually
kill yourself that way
sorry little-known fact microwaving
gives you man tips it also gives you
cancer but I'll take the cancer in the
man tits cuz how pockets are good a
friend
oh yeah I just made a baby oh I made a
baby then I decided to get rid of it but
then I was like you know what I'm gonna
keep it for later I heard it's good luck
to eat it alright let's just chop up
some of the meat for the booth and just
please sit on top of the whatever the
fuck this is
cuz it ain't a pizza huh-huh looks good
alright now we have this left it's
purple oh maybe it's the drink
alright I'll mix it with water oh it's
fizzing nothing I love more than fizzy
chemicals
oh there's meat in it that's fun alright
there we have it okay we should probably
cut the pizza right how many slices do
you want
come on Shane into birthday half as many
as you want why did you eat the whole
pizza Shane now nobody can have any you
always ruin everything showing you fat
fuck ah memories
oh look at that it's on sliceable oh god
alright well you know what we'll just
make this a tiny little bagel bite of
the pizza here we have it dinner for
someone you hate alright guys here we go
I have my little pizza I'm actually not
that I received this because I feel like
I've tried grosser I mean this isn't
that bad this looks like some shit idea
to Hometown Buffet
alright here we go oh no oh no oh my god
no
oh um Kemba they would never do this to
me Oh who was a candy on it hmm it's
like a capture of meat but then these
little green things are sugar yeah candy
and then the brand well brent is like
when you go to church and that pedophile
put that thing on your tongue oh and
then you have to pray about it later
ha ha ha oh my god this is the worst one
I've ever had ever of all fucking time
ever fuck oh no no Japan no I feel the
same way about this as I do about your
horror movies with those children with
the fucking hair covering they're facing
they're climbing out of wells stop
making them they're ruining my life
hello oh I almost forgot
gotta draw the purple drink now
Americans know how to do their purple
drink right so I'm gonna see if Japan
knows what they're doing whether oh it
smells good
oh fuck ooh ah ah
Oh clean my mouth drip this is the shit
this is Bush bitch Japan you need to
bottle this oh it's like busy but also
sweet
so sugary but also salty but also hits
you in the face but also strokes you in
the back after hits you in the face it's
everything I need uh uh I don't even
need people I'll just drink this
well guys go that was me to another
poppin kitchen leave me a comment down
below tell me what poppin kitchen I
should do next
also I think I'm pronouncing it right I
mean 20 of these videos and I still then
what the fuck these are called papi
kitchen poppin cookin poppin cookin fuck
you guys hope you have fun cooking me
about the video see you tomorrow bye One
Direction isn't one direction without
you it's two directions
