hey what's up you guys um so today is
kind of a hard video to make because I
never thought I would make something
like this but I'm gonna do it because I
know a lot of you guys will be asking
because you're gonna be seeing pictures
and stuff and tweets and I just I don't
know I just want it to come from me
me and Garrett are no longer friends and
that's because we are no I'm sorry to
clickbait but you got to nowadays on
YouTube kidding we're not friends
goodbye okay so here's what's going on
you guys might have already seen the
tweets I had pictures that we've been
posting but this is really exciting we
officially are starting a company yeah
and there was always seed to this like I
feel like right when we first became
friends we were always talking about
making really cool stuff together and
doing all these things and so it's
always like maybe someday but now that
day right so let me explain what
happened so we were sitting down and we
were talking about it we've been doing
so many videos together lately and we've
having a lot of fun and I was like what
if we do more like what if we make
bigger videos and what if we do like
Halloween specials at you and what if we
eventually make a movie or a TV show or
something like we work really well
together yeah and we have a lot of ideas
so many ideas so then we were just like
sitting by the fire and I was like
should I jump in I know but really we've
been kind of talking about this for like
a year so that's why are we happening so
here's the point and as of now we have
just kind of started making more videos
together you guys have probably noticed
more scary videos more ghost hunting
type videos but then there's other stuff
like for example I've never done merged
I mean I did a long time ago but it's
just thing I never really cared about
you fucking love emerge that's something
that we're cooking up right now is merch
and we came up with much really cool
ideas and they're like
cool and weird if I'm excited about that
work yeah working on some short films Oh
Gary's stuff damn damn damn damn damn I
know we can't say that much but goddamn
I'm really excited I just have daughters
oh I'm like super stoked about
everything we're gonna do right now calm
okay so here's the steps that we've been
going through which is really exciting
first we decided that we had to find an
office space to work out of and the
first place we looked at we really
really loved and here's a clip of us
checking it out well what do you think I
love that they aren't have diamond
scratches biggest patio I've ever seen
in my life and we felt like in love with
that place and we were very scared about
getting it and we tried really hard but
your turns out that we got which was the
first place that we found and we were so
obsessed with it and it's ours and
here's the moment of us hoping to do it
for the first time oh my god oh my god
oh my god this is a big moment what do
we do I don't know my reaction our next
step of our lives together
Oh oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god t10 oh my god look
at the kitchen I'm gonna fill it up with
so much food there's no fridge that's a
problem there's a microwave looking heat
at burritos there's something blocking
the window so we won't jump out it
aha big mural we we should literally
just like have it be my ass we were even
thinking something like oh I don't know
projector right there right there so
we're there right there like watching
Ricky Dillon life-sized my mind was
infested Brooks territory you're right
Tessa I'm sorry oh my god we should have
Tessa come over and fucking shape all
over this place okay in the psychic we
know come over check to see if it's it
doesn't fit all right let's go upstairs
buddy like a fun like MTV Cribs day okay
so here we have a little filming room
we're gonna have some fun stuff in here
over here we have more demons scratches
laundry do it a little editing room
mirrors gonna avoid those alright let's
go up to the next floor and this is
going to be the brainstorming palace
suite a nice bathroom a nice tub this is
nice because like when youtubers come
over to collab we can be like want to
get the tab Tessa
bring a bathing suit Tessa we're getting
in the tub wow this is a lot of walking
I'm right thinking this purchase more
stairs oh there's more cuckoo okay get
my steps in we're gonna
at least there's no more stare oh my god
that's so scary
Tessa it was good to be home
tonight let's leave okay so step two is
designing it right so we decided like we
should go get some inspiration so which
is this really weird store that has like
a lot of props and a lot of them are me
I was so in love I'd never seen this
place it is incredible oh my god it's me
oh my god has toothpaste that's not me
oh my god but it has to be an express
sign that's me oh my god the big bird
cage we could remake the Taylor video we
need her no we need the registers and
I'm oh my god wait that's his excuse
this anxious all we need she's mrs.
shook and he's mr. quaking oh my gosh
literally current mood I don't like how
she's judging me doesn't she look
judgmental yes being rude well you don't
leave my karaoke song tackle you got
it's my life no doubt activity nights we
I think we should get her cos like look
like you could put her like in the
editing room be like oh you're not done
with the Edit yes you're already leaving
oh you think Jake Paul got ahead by
leaving early oh we can do her nails we
can do a nails like Halloween you are so
gay I'm just asking
this literally looks like your parka no
it doesn't I guess it does we we need an
office phone oh my
okay literally pick it okay what is that
shape please please please oh I just
want to look up and see how in HoN in an
office and a bathroom we can have a Hell
in HoN bathroom I love everybody that
comes over can take a picture with the
horse it could be like our thing got
your potato phone got your bob potato
and I got my girl I'm 30 any ideas
I mean I guess it's my mood oh my God
look at her Shane don't just use it use
your finger it's not hers her over there
no really look at it with the sandals
and everything we could dress her up for
the holidays like it a little Santa hat
am I going crazy okay we all get
everyone in forget here Oh surely nobody
cares she's being kidnapped
hello
she's available $100
that's literally have my three pager so
the next step is figuring out a name for
the company now we don't have like a
solid vania um but we definitely came up
with some ideas at Chipotle hmm okay
time for a company lunch you know where
we're going
boy Chipotle because it's free company
lines I've never actually read the back
of this oh my god what hosting events
for up to a hundred people what have we
done that we don't know start the office
in the Chipotle that's not a bad idea
well yeah this figure I just wanted am I
gonna get a salad Oh looks like you
already failed that oh thanks I'm good
okay so on a real note we need to think
of a name for our company I'm having a
moment with this that's the biggest Brio
favorite receipt in my life not big
enough
that's our company no we're big we're
big enough what about two Breda boys
it's all done put the phone down extra
guac diet fun what are we do big - oh my
god - big ladies you know - fat queens
productions fat shook Oh
moms are those women or the thighs big
legs okay it's really cheesy but it's
how we met shirt on laying down on the
bed uncomfortable tender moments
incorporated no what did you do to get
my attention
super like that's super like because
like that's how we met you super like me
and that's why I opened up your thing
because I wouldn't it before cuz your
pictures were a mess oh wow you finished
it yeah I'm all done that was a very
large curry
thanks thanks champ really Pig oh yeah
but it was a thousand calories probably
thanks thank you so much
try fun hanging out with you girl okay
so now the next step is designing the
office and making like really cool and
different we kind of aren't great at
that but I have a gay uncle yeah and he
lives close by well I do he is and he's
got good taste and he builds homes all
the time so yeah we met with his uncle
and give him our inspiration okay so we
are here with carrots unfold and we're
gonna talk about design which is amazing
it look at this house come on look at
this beautiful
so we have our inspirational pieces here
that we want you to kind of design
around all right but we also have you
know just for all of our business deals
nice potato phone but don't worry we
also have Dennis he's like he's too
inspired he's getting emotional oh my
god I they can't even speak amazing but
don't worry it's all wrapped around this
huh what's such taste it's not as crazy
as you guys think really Mike I've seen
it work really yeah you're gonna make
this work that's exciting because
honestly this is real it's not a joke we
love it I make this work this is my
challenge and by the way do you know
which one is us like which one are you
holding in which one is this I'm gonna
go with potato and gratuitous sex P he
knows me so well so we're gonna go over
some design stuff and we're gonna make
this place amazing and I trust you I
think you're gonna do a great job and I
think you're really gonna give her a
space to thrive in here's my inspiration
I was thinking a nice Taco Bell sign or
one of the accent walls was this now
this is a lot but I like the idea for
the living room something like this so
you see this killed a poster but it's
bleeding so it's just blood splattered
all over the walls
uma Thurman when you're speaking our
language oh you're gonna go with that
one huh nice looks good looking on
Craigslist are we oh team Ted would
never do that but alright okay so now
the plan is to design the place and show
you guys the process in future videos
and pick a company name and figure out
what a first like project that's so
exciting about this is because like
we've never done this before but that's
exciting we're just we're just jumping
in and seeing what happens and we just
we have a lot of cool ideas and we love
one another and working together and I
think that'll be really excited doesn't
hear that too often but no I mean that's
gonna be really exciting and fun and
we're just gonna figure it out when
you'll be along with us for the process
yeah I kind of want to do that like I
want to film the process of us putting
the other company trying to get sponsors
trying to get money to make a short film
or a series or something feel like it
might be kind of cool and fun to like be
on the journey but don't worry this
isn't gonna turn into like I don't know
it's not gonna be different from what
I'm doing now I'm still gonna film in my
house it doesn't make me am i gross cow
my growth shirt slidin it's gonna be fun
and I'm really excited and I think our
first step is I really want to do a big
Halloween special maybe some short films
maybe some ghost hunting with like
night-vision cameras just like bigger
you know I mean yeah finally good things
for our videos finally get the things
necessaries you can literally see the
videos I can't I can't see anything
fucking so done mmm comments for a year
so I guess what we should do now is let
you guys help us if you want leave some
comments of company names or production
company names I only know what I mean I
feel like two fat ladies incorporated
would be pretty good but I can't really
can't imagine like enemy yeah yeah but I
mean if you guys have any ideas we got
the comments here come on oh you want to
see something on the wall alright let us
know I don't know decoration what the
kids love decorating offices
of the car can I just say and the office
is gonna be so we've talked about like
designing a bathroom to literally look
like you have just walked into a funeral
home that's like a big idea to like
where the ceiling looks like people are
looking down at you and you're in a
grave and then like the toilet when you
flush it will make like sad funeral
sounds like literally there's always
gonna be a funeral organ playing in
there we want people to feel like
they're dead when they enter our office
baseness it's gonna be incredible yeah
so we'll keep you guys updated on
everything I'm excited I just get it
work with my best friend and really
excited it it's gonna be I'm coming to
Gehrig's channel subscribe to see all
the cool shit that we're gonna hopefully
make soon I'm really excited came back
and now I am going to burn a picture of
his face for my thumbnail are you
excited
let's show a little bit pictures I did
bring I always carry pictures of myself
hang on
oh my god oh wow oh good there's a lot
people like options ok I think I'm gonna
burn which picture of me we got 10 torch
so for fun oh you'd be just like for fun
we could put a little hole in the mouth
i'ma get me oh well gosh he's getting
way too into this oh don't tell my whole
face shame oh no it's really good wait
what
you know I look disgusting mmm should we
hang this in the office yeah
we should put in the toilet you can pee
no its mouth God shutting down my ideas
we're partners I should really get
behind pissing on my photo
sounds great shame this is sad when we
actually stop hanging out and aren't
friends anymore there's gonna be dark I
don't think it's don't like that's gonna
have like I don't it should I be mad or
sad let me see what mad looks like let's
see that sad face sadder
call me fat fat shithead fuck okay maybe
have the water under man skirt
Wow first day of our new company is
going great see you guys later bye
