I don't want an album I don't want dates
I don't want to tour
I just want sane one direction isn't one
direction without you it's two
directions we're really struggling with
Shane's departure from one direction so
I thought I'd help those people out
something that always helps me through
tough times is a little bit of
perspective so here's a list of things
that are way worse than a boy band
member leaving his singing group right
now at this very moment we could be
experiencing World War 3 you could be
hiding in a bomb shelter somewhere
sustaining yourself off of spam and
canned water and those are the lucky
ones as you are safe deep down beneath
the earth you can hear the sounds of
bombs going off above you and people
screaming their last got a roll scream
right now at this very moment you could
be starving and I'm not talking about no
food in your fridge aside from
condiments I'm talking about you already
ate all the condiments you are
contemplating learning how to fish just
to be able to feed yourself too bad you
live in the middle of a city and the
nearest lake stopped with fish is an
hour-and-a-half bus ride away but you
don't have any money for an hour and a
half long bus rides and you're forced to
resort to prostitution you could be
homeless as then you have no home to
live in let alone fast Wi-Fi your entire
family could have been killed in a freak
bridge accident you could be dying of
cancer and since your entire family is
dead there's no one left to comfort you
you could have stepped on a lego and it
would be a worse situation so I hope
that helped hopefully you'll feel a
little bit better about that whole
boyband
ah tears of sorrow bomb.com hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you enjoyed this episode
don't forget to give a thumbs up and
check out the latest video on my channel
link in the description
