have you guys made a Willemijn just it
to the podcast anything when she's
stretching out her vagina over there air
out the chili maker it went really
really without incident we talked about
a lot of crazy stuff we talked about how
he met Amanda Bynes and we talked about
talked about a lot of guy stuff and our
BOTS go check it out link down there
SoundCloud become socially in Frenchburg
hey what's up you guys first of all I
just want to say but I am on a lot of
nyquil right now so if I pass out and or
die during the making of this video well
that's why I don't know what I have it
started out a few years ago is the
beaver fever then it turned into that
one direction erectile dysfunction I'm
just praying to God I don't get the
fifth harmony disease because bitch I
don't need anymore hair I feel like
that's what the fifth harmony disease
would be you just not growing hair
anyway and you can't control it they
have so much hair if you put all the
fifth harmony bitches together and
shaved all their heads Locks of Love
would never need no more love what was I
talking about oh yeah I'm done anyways
before I get to the video which is gonna
be about one direction I just wanna let
you guys know I'm going back on tour
because so many of you guys came to my
book signings they are extending it so
I'm going to be in April 6 I'm gonna be
in San Diego April 7th Phoenix Arizona
April 9th Charles Texas April 10th Miami
Florida April 13th Cincinnati Ohio May
31st
New York and I might be coming to
Atlanta I don't know the date yet um so
please please check out the link down
there go to the facebook page click join
which means that you're joining and
you're coming and I'm really excited to
see you guys okay back to one direction
so I'm gonna try to be sensitive because
I know a lot of you guys are sad about
this and I got a lot of tweets like you
put in a hurry em Shane you Patel told
you a shaded Sager that was too much
energy for ya I'm gone down yes Zayn
left one direction and I say kudos to
you bitch it's obvious he was over it it
was obvious that he needed to move on he
was nothing fun anymore
he's dealing with his issues or
whatever's happening and he needs some
space and I'm happy he decided to take
care of it and move on cuz you know
you've seen one too many of those people
hanging out in a group and you know they
don't want to be there no more they're
being real bitchy real snippy and real
shady like you're hanging out with a
group of friends and you're all like oh
girl let's go see unfriended tonight and
then you have that one friend who's like
I want to see the job but we already
bought tickets front rended yeah but I
want to see the job I don't
see how frantic I'm tired all right I
guess we can go see the Duff and then
you hate that Fred you hate that friend
so much you hope that friend dies or
maybe that's just me I have a lot of
anger so I feel like Zayn was turning
into that friend probably like I'm sure
all the other boys were like oh you know
what after the concert we should go out
look Kipps and Brett's and fucking fix
your whatever we eat and then Zayn is
probably like I just want to go back to
my hotel and smoke oh yeah okay but but
don't you want come with us to get fish
chips and grits and cookies and crawfish
now I really just want to go back home
and smoke okay all right well see you
there
boy and that's no good energy you know
like if Zayn was ready to go just go
everybody will be happier that way and I
think everybody is happier I feel like
there's nothing worse I know personally
if I'm dealing with something and I'm
just like not in the mood right now like
I just I can't deal like you say I'm at
a birthday party and like all I want to
do is go home and cry because I'm having
a bad fucking year and then everybody
around me is like happy birthday to you
they're all trying to hit the high notes
and I'm just like bitch blow out the
candles I want to go home open the
presents I want a dog if somebody were
to force me to stay at that birthday
party I'd kill a clown and I'm happy
that nobody forced Jane to stay I'm
happy Simon Cowell wasn't like you have
to stay Zayn you you're one direction
you have to be here I'm happy everybody
would just let him go and I think he's
gonna be happier and he's gonna get his
shit together I don't know what's going
on with him I don't really keep up with
that crap but I'm sure he's gonna be
fine and all the other boys are gonna be
fine
seems like everybody's fine I also think
it's funny all the fans really sad which
is really heartbreaking to see all these
kids like crying on Twitter about it so
please get well soon guys it's gonna be
fine but just so you know I'm sure the
band is over it you don't I mean like I
feel like they've known about this for a
while like remember when OTL came out
with that goodbye video and they were
all like so yeah bye like they didn't
give a fuck they were laughing they were
slapping each others butts or finger
each other's little pussies
they didn't give a shit they were
already checked out you know they were
already over it so I feel like probably
honestly One Direction has known about
this for a while and they're probably
already over it they're probably already
friends again they probably already
hanging out they're fine
so don't be too sad don't feel too sad
for the other boys I'm sure they're fine
and just remember it in all honesty it's
about people's happiness
and if this makes him happier then we
should be happy for him and if this
makes the band a better band because
they all watch it be there it's going to
make the music better and that's my
fucking thoughts so all in all I give
Zayn ten out of ten nine quills
I give One Direction ten out of ten day
quills and when you put them together
they well they don't work out ha ha ha
you shouldn't drink this together cuz
you'll die you'll actually have a heart
attack and if you're pregnant don't
drink this cuz your baby will die
alright you guys I'm gonna go hope you
had fun hang with me I can't hang with
you and please don't be sad everything's
gonna be okay
just remember I'll never leave your
Direction that's out of gross alright
you guys I love you and I'll see you on
tour please check it out links down
there Bob like you I've criticized my
partner for their taste in clothing or
music no because she doesn't criticize
mine and she knows if she does make fun
of Kelly Clarkson I'll backhand a bitch
