have you guys made a will um and just it
to the podcast anything went she's
stretching out her vagina over there air
out the chili maker it went really
really without incident we talked about
a lot of crazy stuff we talked about how
he met Amanda Bynes and we talked about
talked about a lot of guy stuff and are
but go check it out link down there
SoundCloud become socially infringement
as if you guys I don't know about you
but I constantly question whether or not
I'm a good person usually when I'm
watching any show on TLC well today I'm
taking a quiz called
the are you a good boyfriend quiz I can
already answer that man let's start do I
forget to thank my partner when they do
something nice for me I don't think so
although usually whenever she talks I
check out and I go to another planet god
I'm a catch do I ignore my partner's
calls if I don't feel like talking oh no
but I do ignore their calls if I am
pooping because she does not like
hearing it or if I'm in an uber because
I don't like talking in front of
strangers or when I'm eating because she
doesn't like when I'm distracted and if
I'm eating I'm very much distracted I
weren't I'm playing on the computer or
when I'm tweeting or when I'm
facebooking or when a breathing got him
an asshole do I get jealous when my
partner makes a new friend no I don't
care at all like she could fuck as many
guys as she want and I'd be like
whatever that's probably not good
do I have trouble making time to listen
to my partner when something is
bothering them no we talk everything out
if she has a problem we talk about it if
I have a problem we talk about it if we
both have diarrhea we both have it and
we will talk about it do I discourage my
partner from trying something new like
joining a club listen sometimes we do
not want to do the same things sometimes
as all the time and I hate spinning do I
make fun of my partner call them names
of course do I criticize my partner for
their taste in clothing or music no
because she doesn't criticize mine and
she knows if she does make fun of Kelly
Clarkson I'll backhand a bitch do I make
fun of their purim my god that's
horrible no do I accuse my partner of
flirting or cheating even if I'm not
sure that's what happened now she's too
lazy to cheat I'm too lazy to cheat look
we just settle with each other do I take
out my frustrations on my partner oh do
I throw things oh my god no do I read
their text no do I tell my partner
they're the reason I'm in a bad mood oh
my god who is this
dorium I don't know do I sometimes say
things to my partner knowing that
they're hurt No do I make my partner
feel bad for something ok whoever wrote
out this quiz was mad do I talk down no
do I have sex with my partner even if I
think they don't want it to go
Oh God are you sure this isn't the amaya
rapist quiz ooh that would be a good one
to like I call it a my rapist quiz and I
can look at the camera like and I can
have Sam pepper next to me like oh and
even I'm not that much of a sellout you
scored three to four points it's
possible that some of your actions may
hurt your partner while the behaviors
may not be abusive they can worsen over
time if you don't change read about the
different types of abuse that you might
got what website of my own well there
you guys go
I'm not abusive thanks quiz aren't you
guys I'm gonna go questions a day do you
think I'm abusive uh-huh kidding do you
think you're a good girlfriend or a good
boyfriend let me know also leave a
thumbs up and subscribe and I make new
videos every single day and I do this
which looks like I have two iPads of all
tax you guys I love you hi oh my god mmm
bitch that's actually pretty good bitch
bitch young bitch ha ha
