hey guys really quick announcement
before you get to the train video I want
to let you guys know that I have a new
contest going on where you could win a
Skype call with me for 10 minutes or
personalized video where I'll say
whatever you want and send it to you
there's gonna be 10 winners in total so
go to I hit my selfie book calm if you
buy the book you just input all your
information and the receipt number and
stuff and you'll be entered to win all
right have fun on the train yeah thank
you guys yesterday we're gonna be eating
something that sounds really gross not
because of the or the place of origin
cuz I love Mexican day Mexico even
though I've never been there mmm but
Mexican candy is disgusting I've only
tried it once when I was 12 because
people at school used to sell it and it
was not good really it's a lot school
yeah like they would make it home like
math and then it would put on a spoon
and put a rap class about laughs I
wasn't oh that explains a lot
what did it have on your our channel
half on my channel oh let's do it what
you have we have one big bags let's grab
it out ready oh wow oh hello that's the
first one I'm okay this is called poop
on me mom oh I think it's pop what
window oh you looked in effects again
guys did I say he says it's made with
real poop so really sick not bad it was
real another burrow bit Oh
Chaka Latinas with two bowls yeah the
little mascots a little poop mayor oh
there we go this is not good hey looks
like a fruit roll-up makes me feed drink
and there's rapper still on it gimme
some of that
oh yeah Y oh it tastes like somebody
just ate a salad and vomited into my
mouth oh my god Oh
what is like blood blood from like my
600 pound liar
yeah that show no it isn't blood like
regular blood like from my period oh my
god hard and I'm a tease and I don't
wash it and the blood just accumulates
when there's a thick egg Latina I'm
talking about don't act like you don't
know what that is like made with real
period
YUM oh no cook shake Lucas Lucas Lucas
Lucas Lucas yeah okay Oh with Lucas
Cruikshank mucus living Lucas
it's purple so I'm guessing that's great
it's dusty Oh coke Oh looks like a big
penis on a dog don't they a little red
bullet penises they say it looks like
lipstick baby penis on a dog is a big
red lipstick sure that's what everyone
tells me there go baby sometime oh I
don't use a bite did you bite it
oh what's wrong what's wrong it's just
sugar okay let me have it have fun with
that just sugar all right well first of
all did you bite it you're not so bright
it you're supposed to look at
I mean it's poked it it's like pixie
stick on crack oh it tastes like KFC oh
don't ever can see though haha this I'm
really excited about this is called de
la Rose it looks like a beauty guru like
a little like a compact or like Dulce
candy yes it looks like those two
candies he does a candy a bitch now I
understand today I love it
Oh bitch crumble crumble oh fuck oh my
god mmm
bitch that's actually pretty good bitch
bitch young bitch the only thing I can
think of to this you got it is it a
bitch hollow good bitch give it a good
bitch haven't you put the bay is all
people whatever no bitches bitch please
be be it I think we should do this
because it's looks like spaghetti
this one's called salsas ska√∞i zalta
Getty it's me by Lucas Cruikshank again
living on the dock yeah I'm trusted
London for the death
fuck it down bitch oh oh this one comes
with Hassan this looks like some grass
Oh
no look at Busan neon I here hold the
plane and I'll open up the sauce I guess
you just owe legette period blood
coagulated bitch alright take some oh my
god oh okay yeah T oh hey oh oh my god
oh oh no no he's like the Hometown
Buffet bro
that's what bring Spears feet tastes
like a bit Oh bitch yes Queen right
there
mmm going to the gas station
alright let's try some sweet oh this is
a box of gay out of buses which are
something really bad and sign open no
it's gonna be great
alright let's see Mexico and bring
bringing cookies back yes push open
these aren't found and down this isn't
just like I eat the hair down
interesting Mexican candies not sweet at
all like these are not sweet nice guy
rentals are not sweet all right oh I
have a maximum friend and Shelly says
when things are really Mexican they're
chunky
so these are some chill Tiesto junkie I
hope not bad but I think it is because
on June Dean she's Mexican so she is a
girl don't tell me what your black
friends is good my black rose
I'll have another controversial bye oh
yeah hopefully you enjoyed our Mexican
fiesta cover channel read all the other
grows house candy by the way we love
Mexico and we love Mexicans but we hate
their candy oh oh
I'm gonna register promise ie but B I
thought you said I eat but I was like
you do I do
bye guys you know I do things like that
you know what chunky I'm going on
