this is to spot what someone is trying
to hide to call them oh I know this damn
it what do you do you go on three
o'clock on three one two three o'clock
ah that's of you guys I'm here with
Steve green and we are horrible terrible
people
Steve's channel he likes to troll people
I've never done it before so we combined
forces of our horrible method we did and
we're holding a fake audition for a fake
movie because we just want a bunch of
actors to come over and clean up our
shit we're gonna try to get these actors
to do whatever the fuck we want
hey you missed a spot oh there's some
shit oh you gotta get all that shit
right there
do you want the part or not let's see
how it goes but you kind of get taken
advantage of great you also have a
secret and your secret is for now we're
going to try on cancer today you've
reached a breaking point but you also
want to keep your job very generous give
me one suggestion keep it under 10 sighs
quick suggestion here just clean up
other problems that are suffering in the
world then you know some people wake up
their families do you know you read the
newspaper you know do you read what's
going on the world I don't know I may
have to take a leave of absence that's
great
I'm only gonna say this once I need you
I don't know how to do this stuff okay I
can't do this alone I don't even know
how to do these fucking dishes so I'm
gonna do the dishes okay I have to take
a leave of absence kids mom
what this cancer mean to you as you I
have never respected you reliable if you
think that I would make that up to get
out of working for you after all the
years that I've I have tirelessly given
you today's great that line again do
that exact thing again all the
tirelessly all the years I've worked for
you while you like it all this if you
think that after all this time that
after all the years that I have
tirelessly giving in this fight every
time they yell at me every time you to
baseball oh you know I do things like
that you know what Chucky
I need you to go okay
damn dress
oh no this
beep Dunham
great thank you so much that's great
hopefully really great well there you
guys go
we're going to hell see them oh my god
guaranteed make sure to give this video
a thumbs up subscribe and please go over
to Steve's channel he did a bunch more
of these auditions and a bunch of other
trolling videos that you should check
out this one feels really different
though you take four people from the
highest of highs like oh I might book
this and then taking the lowest of lows
you're just clean your shit up your
janitor today you got the part
you have something to tell me what's
going on like to be interesting about it
and it'd be really nice
