to bomb.com we talk about the things are
blowing up on the internet you may have
heard that professional shirtless person
Cameron Gallus was recently arrested on
counts of felony vandalism the day after
he was arrested Dallas took to you now
homophobe boy to host a live stream
explain his side of the story so if
there's no paint on the girl what
battery charge you're talking about is
the substance really paint
we're detained we're not under arrest
we're being detained we didn't do
anything I sit there for six hours now
I'm not gonna pretend to be an expert on
this story because that would be lying
and lying is reserved for cheating
spouses and very expensive attorneys all
I know about the situation is what I've
gathered from the internet the police
reports and Dallas's side of the story
which is likely skewed heavily in his
favor personally and based on what I've
heard it sounds like all the people
involved could have handled the
situation a lot better I have made
literally hundreds of videos and somehow
someway I've managed not to get arrested
traditionally when someone with a lot of
influence ie
Cameron Dallas makes a strong statement
with something they do you find that
there will be a lot of copycat and I
have decided to jump on the bandwagon
before it's full and help those people
out so here are five YouTube video ideas
that will likely get you arrested
dramatically re-enacted so as to avoid
actually getting arrested
yup
you have the most I've ever seen in my
entire life
ah you have the most amazing pair I've
ever seen in my entire life how do you
even get your hair to look that good
it's not fair what about to get turnt up
whoa I can already feel my skin
revitalizing from the hydration whoo
when wanna take too many not very good
with pills so just bear with me do it
lipo cried now for me I think the main
thing I've learned here today is it
takes a special kind of talent to get
arrested while making a YouTube video
thank you for watching this illegal
episode Viacom hopefully we didn't hit
you with our awesome Internet shrapnel
do not forget to go down there and give
this episode a thumbs up also check out
my latest youtube.com slash Alexis she's
all video here's in tiny tiny preview
question of the day if you were to get
arrested what do you think it would be
for all of my social media links are
down in the description below
