have you guys made uh Willem and Justin
to the podcast anything went over their
air out the chili maker it went really
really without incident we talked about
a lot of crazy stuff we talked about how
he met Amanda Bynes and we talked about
talking about a lot of gay stuff and our
but go check it out link down there I'm
glad to consciously infringement okay
I'm gonna start this video off by saying
every story that I'm about to tell is a
hundred percent real why does this stuff
happen to me I don't know some crazy fat
lady on Santa Monica Boulevard told me
it was because mercury is in retrograde
I don't know what that means but I trust
her because she's wearing a muumuu and
that is my life motherfucking goal bitch
God if I could just wear a muumuu out in
public and not have to deal Oh
anyways yes this week I have had I'm not
kidding you every single day a
terrifying experience in an uber now for
those of you who don't know what an uber
is an uber is like a taxi except
anybody can drive one and it's horrible
your car breakdown don't have a license
don't have enough money for gas don't
worry about it a serial killer will be
picking you up in five minutes or if you
order an uber SUV it'll be a serial
killer slash guy who pimps on the side
so where do I start
okay I'll start with the reason why I
was ubering I was too lazy to get gas no
my car was having some issues and I was
too lazy to get gas but you don't
understand okay
the gas stations around my neighborhood
are confusing and it's hard to get in
there and I am NOT making this any
easier okay I'm a little bitch alright
and sometimes I'm afraid that I'm gonna
be pumping gas and it's gonna explode
cuz I heard that if you have a staticky
hairdo and you touch a gas pump it my
combust
this isn't about mine issues this is
about my issues with the world so let's
continue some one day I decided to get
new brows like you know what I'm gonna
go to work in an uber I'm just gonna do
my emails in the backseat on my laptop
I'm gonna like have some me time so I
order an uber and it says it's gonna be
here in five minutes
I'm waiting waiting waiting five minutes
close by seven minutes goes by eight
minutes goes by so I get a call from the
guy
ya know uh hi who's this by the way on
the phone it told me that my uber guy's
name was Randolph continue this is uh
Mike uh your name on the app says
Randolph
oh yeah no yeah no it's uh it's Rudolf
Randolph whatever already shadiest fuck
I'm already planning my escape I'm like
okay what should i do should i press the
lead to the first cancel should I
pretend like I'm going through a storm
like I don't want to do where are you
well I gave you the address I was at do
you not have that of course I have that
I'm not an idiot I just don't do GPS I
don't know how to use it isn't GPS like
you know your job no you're gonna have
to navigate me okay how do I get to you
Oh God okay um I guess just turn right I
don't know where are you get the fuck
out of my way you want me to fucking
tell you cuz I will sorry about that
traffic as well and and call I went on
the uber app I cancelled him
I put the reason was scared as fuck and
then that was supposed to be it after
you cancel them they're supposed to just
not bother you so I order another uber
ring-ring-ring must be my new guy hello
you fucking canceled on me you
motherfucker
you'll never cancel on me uh how did you
get my number by the way let me just
tell you he called me from a different
number usually they call you from one
like uber number no no his came from a
real private number which means he's
somehow found my real fucking number oh
I got you now but I know where you are
you better not be getting another uber
hi I'm on my way and I'm shitting my
pants
honk honk my new burger guy pulls up
thank God I hop in the car hey can you
peel off because there's a serial killer
behind us headlights huh oh shit he's
right behind us don't go go of course my
new looper guys scared as fuck pulls off
has no idea what's going on I get
another phone call oh you think you can
just run away from me I'm right behind
ya I really love playing this game of
serial killer and victim but can we
really just push this along because I am
getting really diarrhea filled I tell my
guy to get on the freeway I'm like I
don't know what's going on how did he
hit my number and then the uber guys
like oh well you know he probably has a
special app where he can like get your
real information so I mean did you put
the address of where you're going where
are you going by the way through my
house whew that means he has your home
address in the bow huh luckily we lose
the guy I block all of his numbers he
had four of them by the way and I
reported him to Ober everything's okay
I'm pretty sure he was a serial killer
who killed his oeuvre driver and then
you know decided to pick up a few people
you know just a helpful guy so after
that I was like you know what I'm not
gonna let this experience ruin the
that I am a lazy fuck and I want to sit
in the backseat of a car while somebody
else drives my ass around
so I decided the next day I get another
uber what a fucking uber mistake so I
order a fancy uber because you know I'm
feeling fancy that day actually I just
wanted to be with leather seats because
I was wearing my sweaty gym shorts and I
wanted you know to be able to sit on it
and then leave and not leave wetness so
the car pulls up and it is the opposite
of fancy it is Iggy it was so tacky
seats were busted window was broken
fucking foil on the back window it was a
nightmare but you know I'm nice so I get
in sit down get on the freeway sure what
the fuck is that
oh no he's broken I'm sorry what don't
worry I can fix it pulls over off the
side of the freeway it doesn't fix it
yeah no you should probably walk oh okay
what so you know I casually get out of
the car walk off the freeway hold on my
uber app and say you know what it's fine
I'll just pull up another uber and then
Bluebird needs to update this will take
one hour huh so then I had to walk home
this lazy fuck had to walk fucking home
I'm so lazy that I couldn't even get any
closer to the camera because this is in
my way and I don't feel like getting up
so then the next night this is the final
night I was like you know what I haven't
learned my fucking lesson blue blue high
over this old woman pulls up her car
looks as if it's been taken out of a
children's storybook emember that's
storybook about the old crazy-ass poor
woman who lived in a shoe well clink
clink clink clink she just walked out so
I get in the back of her shoe I tie
myself up with her shitty ass laces and
we don't speak the entire ride because I
don't like talking I'm too lazy to drive
all right I'm also too lazy to even open
my mouth anytime an uber guy goes hey
how you doing I literally go oh fuck no
I can't not today anyways as the cars
pulling up to my place I start to get
out he turns around and I'm not joking
she goes something bad gonna happen I'm
sorry what I don't know what
I don't know where but something bad
gonna happen to you child
cool thanks fine I'm praying for you boy
oh I'm prayin hard what I what I don't
know while this is happening I don't
know if that crazy MooMoo lady was right
maybe mercury is in retrograde or retro
fine or iPad I don't know those words
all I know is I am never taking another
uber again except for probably in 15
minutes when I need to go to the store
cuz oh god I mean my legs are so tired
from driving
hey guys god those are my three Ober
stories from this week I promise they're
all real but I had to say uber has been
very nice when I report it they're great
about it
and I'd have taken over a lot so this
has only been a few experiences out of
you know a million that was my nice way
of saying don't sue me over for talking
about it alright you guys hope you had
fun listening to my horror stories I did
not have fun living them but I had fun
telling them and that question of the
day have you ever had a scary experience
in a taxi or an uber maybe you shouldn't
tell me about it that's gonna get real
weird in the comments right you guys I
love you stay safe bye happen
