hey that's up you guys I don't know
about you but I feel like ruining my
childhood today and what better way to
do that than to do a sexual would you
rather with Disney characters
oh now honestly this isn't gonna be that
hard for me because I honestly only used
to masturbate to Disney movies mainly
because there wasn't porn around when I
was a kid
and also because Jasmine got neutered as
well okay I'll be honest Aladdin got
them packed full anyways here's a list
of questions play along with me if you
want or don't and don't go to jail like
I'm going to would you rather have
Donald Duck bite off your balls or have
Winnie the Pooh get stuck in your honey
pot well I'm gonna guess they're
referring to my but as my honey pot
which already has a lot of poo stuck in
it zing God that one just wrote itself
so I'm gonna go with that because
honestly buck pleasure is a thing right
there probably is a Winnie the Pooh
shaped bug by giving your balls bitten
off is not a thing I mean it is but you
can only do it one time and Donald Duck
is so negative if you'd be complaining
the whole time dick you take a shower
this smells like cheese oh I need some
positivity what I'm getting my balls
chewed off would you rather have sex
with the beast from Beauty and the Beast
or the big blue thing for Monsters Inc
first of all his name is Soleil he has a
name second of all that's hard okay okay
if it's like rough dirty sex I'm gonna
go with the Beast says he's angry and
brutal but still tender to the touch
still has a heart in there and he's been
a man before right isn't that the story
that he was a man they got turned into a
beast so he knows how to fuck that big
blue thing is way too nice way too
sensitive he'd be crying the whole time
and I don't think he's ever fucked and
lets him in that little green thing ooh
that motherfucker look like a bug bug
would you rather get fucked by
Cinderella's glass slipper or all of
those three annoying ass mice hmm
interesting listen I'm not one for
animal abuse but I am one for animal sex
so I'm gonna go with the mice I feel
like they can all have a cast you know
what I mean like when they were helping
Cinderella get ready it was like one
took the shoes and one took the legs and
one took the dress like I want like one
two take the balls want to take the dick
and want to just whisper sweet little
things into my ear like you're pretty
shame you're not fat Shane you're sexy
Shane you're worth it change don't kill
yourself Shane
you know stuff like that timon or Pumbaa
be honest oh man that's
Pumbaa would definitely like it more
Timon would be a little too sarcastic
for me maybe like oh wow that's huge Wow
oh geez I mean man I hate that you don't
need a sarcastic fuck okay
I get enough sarcasm in my daily life
from the people at coffee bean hi can I
get a 32 ounce iced coffee with 12
splendas oh geez you want some coffee
with your splendas fuck you sorry
oh all right let's do one more all of
this one's hard would you rather have
sex with the entire cast of Lizzie
McGuire or the entire cast of the proud
family huh I didn't expect a question to
get me so confused there's so many pros
and so many cons okay what the blue
people be involved from the proud family
cuz those bitches are too angry for me
when that silent friend be involved from
Lizzie McGuire cuz that mother fucka
scares the shit out of me I don't like
quiet people I know they're thinking
evil thoughts public Gordo would be
there oh and he would be fun okay I'm
gonna go with Lizzie McGuire not because
I'm braces door fuck you I am angry
today I'm gonna go at leas McGuire
because I feel like they all know how to
handle balls I mean you know the theme
song they got all those balls falling
down and they caught them so there you
guys go
that was me ruining your childhood am i
watch another day Oh any of these
questions are gonna be gross okay I got
one
would you rather kiss cuz I'm not gonna
say fuck the girls from shake it up or
the dog with a blog leave your comments
down below also give me a thumbs up
subscribe I make new videos every
fucking day you know God and I will see
you guys tomorrow
honestly leve coma
