hi guys um yes I'm aware that my hair
right now is very Leonardo DiCaprio in
1997 Titanic and not in a good way so
tomorrow I'm gonna get a haircut
but until then today we're hang out a
Trish are gonna make some videos hashtag
train choo-choo
um hopefully it'll get real gross real
sexual and maybe she'll show her boobs
maybe I'll show my stay - honestly
living living living lemony living
crashing coma
hey guys yes train is I look horrible
honestly same thing yes we are on our
way to Cheesecake Factory but excited
we're gonna make some visit train is
true chewing like crazy train back bitch
bag man
honestly train didn't go anywhere but
like we like the train was like
underneath the tunnel and now it's like
coming out tunnel because we were being
friends in real life and like not on
YouTube but like now we're being friends
on YouTube an array like oh yeah yeah
you're right we did hang out we didn't
hang out we just in shoot look at this
fucking hair look at this fuckin to the
front bird like a fucking get a wig
basically on my head right now yeah
literally can I borrow that for my god
it's happening I haven't had it sugar
and so long I'm gonna eat I can either
have a bitty little bitey baby you know
I feel bad I'm like darling Claire South
Africa's or anything if they were just
snapping it you have a snapchat now oh
my gosh it just I'm white special on YT
how is it on the bottom boy
how I understand I understand the
factory yeah I mean I would totally
shave off I'm video file I feed this you
know what I mean they're always like I'm
done yeah like ten years even bucks
kill me a sixty if I can eat this shit
it's like kill me okay guys we're about
to make a music video - I'm the boob
weird a booth in the mall called
the fucking you burn your money booth
you throw $10 and it fucking burns your
money I'm here with a casting director
what's your name what's up guys well I'm
Andy I'm the boss of this place he's a
big YouTube fan he loves glozell I only
like was in when she's interesting into
some weird stuff guys were in front of a
green screen she's happening what's your
name
I'm Jackie what do you do I'm a casting
director so so you're gonna tell us if
we're good or not of course B doesn't
wanna let me see you guys oh yeah she
tells us we were supposed to be on the
outside the monitor we would get more
views on Earth YouTube I mean here's the
thing Jackie right can I call you Jack
Jack and JK okay if we do well are you
gonna like scientists here you guys is
label I totally will I'll send you guys
that's and your buddy to be with
corporate and no sign you you think I'm
down look at that Oh guys were in Taiwan
or something guys there's our star
moment oh we look amazing you can jump
me around alive yeah you were drunk
Thursday afternoon at 4:12 all right
we're just leaving target we've got
candy for our candy hall nice - our
signature I'm totally sure okay I think
she might have beat me on this one did
have more bags how much did you spend
fifty nine eighty three how much you
weight that a lot or not a lot I don't
know because I only spent 47 oh you
didn't you don't know how was only forty
seven dollar I literally looked at him
I'm like that's it and then he gave me
that like look like what a douche bag
like you like that say like money just
broke all true you really did like bitch
he's like you just bet $50 on candy yeah
that's it oh my god you a youtuber
discount because I'm not weightless he's
like your money's gonna be going away
soon
I mean honestly you have
business-business tears
you're fucking professionals by now wait
how did you did you just Google yourself
and then I could mo and click selfies
okay so there's professional pictures
but then there's also like a picture of
you like take it down
fresh mine someone else take that
picture me that makes it profession
nobody else takes a picture selfie so
true
guys it came so I think I put in a dildo
in there let's see if it's there oh my
god I'll see you him we got unboxing
video yeah
it isn't it's thick myself II though I
wish more pictures of you in it them
well there's a picture of me naked
living for it my news leaks oh my god
inspiration oh my god wait where's your
book we need to ship our boat train
collection oh my god I should train a
Barnes & Nobles
there's a train section a shame atomizer
no shake I printed myself a sham idea so
she said we could use this room but she
said that is kind of sad you're on the
lighter no no oh my god I kiss my tears
Oh what my oh my god what happened oh my
god take a bunch of gay homeless people
just shit all the q-tips I bought I've
literally had a boy are these dream
catchers I don't know what that is girl
they're only catching nightmares and
here is the aftermath of our candy haul
there's a lot going on Michelle Phan is
not happy about it
yeah we are doing okay huh we're in the
last one right now in a hall we have
done a haul I'm tired I'm tired I'm
hungry
I wanted to snapchat e ha ha ha I want
to go snapchat Harry just beef snappers
instead of YouTube like professional
snapchatters done we're gonna finish his
videos then we're gonna go eat and then
we're gonna cry
see ya soon hey guys we're ending this
vlog why are you doing this I don't know
me like we did drink I know I just
stronger yeah guys hope you have fun
hang with us we have fun hang with you I
love you guys
we love you guys make sure to go buy her
CD it's up now fat chance I'll put the
link down there and also buy this so 5
buy this what is this it's a pen from
dolls kill calm okay I got in a little
bit I was thinking about anything at all
but that changed things
same way I feel when McRib is back yeah
today's the day I'm gonna end it all Oh
McRib is back all right one more day
