hey that's of you guys yes I got a
different angle today sad that I'm
excited about that
wow I have nothing to look forward to in
life hey guys today we're gonna be doing
a Q&A I went on snapchat and I told you
guys hey I'm doing a Q&A send me some
questions also I'm not wearing a shirt
you probably don't want to follow my
story
alright let's read some of these Q's boo
leader wants to know who would you
rather fuck
Lady Gaga Amanda Bynes or Miley Cyrus it
depends on the time is this Lady Gaga
back when she had a penis is this Amanda
Bynes back when she had a brain is this
Miley Cyrus back when she had I mean she
has everything no I'm gonna go with
Miley Cyrus I feel like she's the least
depressed one and I feel like she would
laugh a lot and I like my sexual
experiences to be hilarious Allison
wants to know dear Shane I hope you
don't die because I would be sad thanks
Allison you know what I think I'll just
live another day who I was thinking
about anything at all but that changed
things at the same way I feel when McRib
is back yeah today's the day I'm gonna
end it all oh McRib is back alright one
more day hey J wants to know who would
you collab with if you collab with
anybody the world oh my god oh community
channel if you don't know she is please
watch her videos look her up she's
fucking hilarious she's my favorite
youtuber of all time so her and probably
Kelly Clarkson or Hilary Duff we're
Kathy Griffin oh my god on my mother
Lindsay wants to know how did you and
Trish become friends well I was looking
for hookers on Craigslist and Trish
answered it's funny because it's true
I'm kidding I was looking for strippers
on la casting there's a big difference
and I paid her with pizza that's also
true amber wants to know what motivated
you to start YouTube and also how are
you dealing with your body image issues
okay well that one's not that fun but
I'll answer it um I was motivated to
start YouTube because my acting career
was not working and I was like fuck it
I'll do it myself and my body image
issues are hard to deal with every
single day
they don't get easier but I'm learning
how to deal with them a little bit
better I've been pretty good to myself
for last few months and eating regularly
working out I haven't been starving
myself I haven't been binge eating I've
just been trying to you know be happier
with myself and it's a struggle okay
back to the fun ones cupcake wants to
know who is this well it's definitely
not your parents cuz they're not looking
after you what parent would let their
child have a snapchat do you know what
goes on there I
his snapchat for a week and I already
have so much evidence on my phone that
could send me to prison you have no idea
Jenny wants to know what is your spirit
animal okay this is weird cuz I actually
have I went to a medium like two years
ago and she said and listen she was
legit she solved crimes she was like
legit medium just like I'm a legit large
body image issues are coming back
anyways I was on the medium and she said
that the reason dogs like me so much is
because I have a big dogs spirit next to
me all the time and dogs run up to it
and play with it and then play with me
I've never had a dog not like me it's a
really fucking weird but cats hate me
which explains because the Spear dog and
they're afraid of it also people who are
into bestiality wanna fuck me so that's
a thing that maybe that's just cuz I am
hairy like a dog body image just Julie
wants to know how was your first
experience when you shaved for the first
time not good I remember the exact day I
had a lot of peach fuzz and everybody
would make fun of me for it they call me
grandma face cuz I look like a
grandmother you know how it is when your
grandmother turns about 80 years old she
starts to get that white beard she gets
little pieces of peas and chicken stuck
in it anyways I had the grandma beard
going and I was gonna go out to see the
Grinch with my friend at the movie
theater and I was like oh man all my
friends are gonna be there I want to get
rid of my grandma beard so I took a
razor that turned out to be my mom's
everything razor I shaved it and I
caught up my face like crazy and I put a
bunch of photo paper all over it and I
cried for two hours and I didn't go to
the movies wow that was even a funny
story that was just depressing it gets
better
Carrie wants to know if you were a
stripper what would your name be oh I
thought about this a lot okay I think
it's supposed to be your first shirt you
grew up on and your first dog so I would
be Judy carfax blue all right let's go
with the second street second dog shit
way butters oh alright third one muffins
monter oh oh that's a good one oh my god
wait if you put all of them together I
would be Judy butter muffin I'm hungry
and horny alright let's go with that one
thing is sure it would be great and last
one Jade wants to know do you know who
lisbug is um you mean a girl I've been
with for like four years
no I don't know that bitch bother you
guys go those are my questions today if
you want to ask me more questions make
sure to follow me on snapchat lol Shane
Dawson and leave you some or at least
I'm down there in the comments also give
me a thumbs up subscribe to make new
videos every single day you fucking oh
right you guys I love you and I will see
you tomorrow
all right now that the makeup is done
the dancing begin oh I don't have one
you do a like a lap dance
