hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now we've talked
about some very scary Instagram accounts
we talked about the account I know
exactly who you are and we still don't
know exactly who runs that account but
when you do them and say Who am I
they send you back a bunch of in-depth
details about your life that nobody
would know and yes that account is
pretty creepy but it gets worse today
we're going to be going over some of the
scariest accounts better on Instagram
that's right Instagram isn't just a
bunch of pictures of people doing yoga
and posting their avvocato toast that
they have in the morning if you dig deep
enough you can find some of the
creepiest pictures on the internet and
we're gonna start with an account called
mop Meister now this account is
incredibly terrifying and almost feels
like you're looking at somebody's and
nightmares I mean just looking through
some of the pictures gave me the chills
you have people wearing clown masks and
dark suits standing in the middle of
nothingness you have old dying clouds
holding on to sad sad animals you have
clouds that have black eyes that you do
not see any like so I did some research
on them and what I found was that their
whole idea of their page is to challenge
traditional beauty standards and they
want you to be looking at the Explorer
page and be seeing pictures of Kim
Kardashian and Taylor Swift and Selena
Gomez and then randomly gets one of
their pictures and it kind of messes
with your head now it's a couple that
runs this account and they said they get
their ideas from their nightmares that's
right they wake up from a nightmare they
write it down and they turn it into a
picture now I'm gonna show you a few of
their most disturbing pictures and
literally it feels like a nightmare
watch
yeah the pictures are nightmare fuel but
even more terrifying art videos now the
world war all of these pictures and
videos take place is somewhere they'd
like to call Wonderland now in this land
of nightmares anything is possible
and you might notice that a lot of times
they're holding what looks like a dead
animal and that's cuz it is that's right
not only are the instagramers they're
taxidermists now for those of you who
don't know what taxidermy is it's a lot
it's basically an art form where they
take dead animals and they freeze them
in a lifelike State by removing their
insides and putting stuffing inside so
now when you look back at the pictures
knowing that it's literally a dead
animal you mix it in here okay so those
pictures probably made you feel very
uncomfortable but this next account is
going to make you feel even more
uncomfortable in a different way we're
gonna be talking about the Instagram
account baboon vadym is a Russian
stuntman who risks a very horrifying
death with every post
he makes now he started a trend that I'm
sure you're aware of called on the roofs
now this is a type of photography where
people will go to the highest places
they can find and take terrifying
pictures of their feet dangling just
looking at these pictures literally make
my
sigh shake but if you're a guy you could
probably feel your balls like go inside
of your body when the staring days I
mean in this last one thinking about
what would happen if that guy
accidentally tripped or if his grip
slipped up it's intense
I mean these pictures are incredibly
risky I mean one slip and it's all now
I'm the roofs went supervisor one video
that that Amade got 63 million views his
friend claimed China's Shanghai Tower
which is over two thousand feet just
want to clear this
yeah I literally could not watch the
whole thing I just ah now of course they
made it to the top and they were
perfectly fine but it doesn't always end
up like that a couple years ago a boy
named Connor Cummings went to New York
to try and take his in one of the top
ten pictures he took an elevator to the
top of Four Seasons Hotel him and his
friends sneaked onto the room to get
some shots here's just a couple pictures
that he died when he was at the top now
those were the last pictures that Connor
ever took because he miscalculated his
steps and he fell 52 stories now his
camera survived and that's why we have
this all right now I'm warning you this
next Instagram account is intense and I
have to blur a lot of it all of it
because this is an account of a human
dissector hey guys I'm miss Angela from
Instagram that's right missing Jimmy
does dissections and post them on
Instagram now here's the first one
obviously I had to blur all the faces
but the caption says cadaver heads set
up for educational use yeah those are
heads real heads on Instagram uh-huh and
then look at this one you can see her
digging into somebody's body she posted
a picture of a guy's face being peeled
off of his skull and then there's just
ones like this and this one's caption
just says finger versus heavy wood door
oh and she even post pictures of severe
injuries that are caused by really bad
accidents but she does this is kind of
like a cautionary for example she'll
post a picture of a hand that was
exploded because of a firework accident
now I can't show you that obviously so
I'm gonna show you something very
similar she posted a picture of a hand
that her friend made who makes props
once again this is not real it is a prop
so YouTube do not block my video but it
looks
oh and that's very close to what her
Instagram account usually looks like and
it usually it's real now sometimes she
post like strange deformities or unique
like illnesses for example here's a
picture she posted of somebody who had
an extra finger yeah from far away it
looks normal and then when you really
look at it you're like oh my god
there's six on each hand speaking of
hands she also posted a picture of a
guy's hand after he got to a huge
electricity accident
oh oh my god oh oh my god uh-uh
now a lot of people think she's
exploiting the dead or exploiting
illnesses but she says it's all in the
name of Education and science and when
she shows pictures of bad accidents or
fire or accidents she's trying to show
you the results of doing something dumb
or unsafe because when you see a picture
of somebody's and exploded it makes you
rethink your choices I mean it's the
same reason they show those drunk
driving accident videos in school it was
still and see something like that makes
you really think having a drink which
brings us to our next Instagram account
we're gonna be talking about a girl
named Sophia now when you go through
this 16 year-olds Instagram account
it seems pretty normal her posing with
their friend and a mirror her showing
off her makeup and a jewelry or the
disturbing part Sophia is her Instagram
account remains
under the dangers of drinking an Android
and Sophia captured her last moments on
Instagram now first it looks relatively
normal two young girls having fun in a
car but then we see a bottle of
champagne of his hand
and realize where this is going then
they swerve off the road and hit a pole
and Sophia is killed inst her friend
from the mirror selfie that was wearing
the pink dress is declared dead moments
later in the hospital now when a
warranty this clip is very disturbing
you don't see anything but just the
sound
here's a picture of what was left or
Sophia's car and if you go back in her
page you can see her getting into that
same exact car having no idea that she
retired now I know it gets repetitive
and annoying hearing the same thing over
and over them don't drink and drive
through the driving is bad you'll die
but cases like this with this girl who
is probably so sweet so great and it's
all over because she was drinking and
driving and this happens at the time
every 51 minutes somebody is killed in a
drunk driving accident in the United
States alone so please please make sure
okay now this last account is something
that I have not even looked at like I
know about it and I have it here on my
computer I have not went through the
pictures because I'm scared this is an
account called a PI exam have you ever
heard of a theater called
emetophobia I might be pronouncing that
wrong yeah me neither
well it's a fear of taking care of your
eye cleaning your eye touching your eye
getting anything near your eye that
would be the fear well this Instagram
account I care
is meant to trigger you if you have it
no I don't know if I have it or not but
I have a feeling I do because just the
idea I'm just I'm just gonna watch all
right first one oh my god that is the
worst oh my god alright okay is that
even okay is that uh alright let's go
another one oh just like the way that
the pin is being pushed like it's gonna
pop the I uh get out get out Oh what is
that what is that that looks like the
strips that you test like pee with is
that her birth control test what is that
I think I'll name it oh yeah
let's go but I have it oh my god oh my
god
Oh what is that what okay that one's not
too bad because the razor is not
touching the eye but it's still way too
close ah that looks relaxing something
about that looks good to me like I want
to try that go oh I don't want to try
that ah why why why I hate this no no
next huh
you're you purple why why why are you
ruining Forks for me oh my god what is
that are those like charms it's not like
a new jewelry thing I don't I don't get
it
alright I got a I'm I'm leaving well
there you go those were some of the
scariest accounts on Instagram if you
want go follow all of them and never
sleep again
alright you guys hopefully you enjoyed
that creepy video and let me know if you
want a part too by giving me a thumbs up
because trust me there are so many
creepy accounts some of them I was too
scared to put in here but I'll do it if
you want also make sure you subscribe to
my channel right down below and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see some of my other scary videos I
did one on a scariest catfishes ever and
I did one on the scariest deaths ever
I'll put a link to a playlist or in the
top of description below alright you
guys have fun on the ground I know I
won't
