holding here it is really cold in here
I wonder if Disney is making it frozen -
Oh what okay I just need to know what
frozen to is about great idea last time
I waited for something to come out I
almost married a gay guy so just like
every single other person in America and
the entire world I am the fact that
there was going to be a full Rosen to
the first frozen was not at all overly
hyped or mediocre they have not yet
revealed any details about the plot or
the story which is driving know what's
gonna happen to arendelle it outside
Anna like a dagger American so to at
least ease my pain I've come up with a
few ideas about what frozen Chu could
possibly be about let's do this
frozen to could potentially be about a
teen girl physics genius while pursuing
a harvard scholarship learns to
ice-skate and consequently falls in love
with the sport
I just realized that is the 2005 Disney
original movie ice princess okay okay
but I will not give up frozen Joo could
be about an underdog hockey team frozen
ice hockey through the power of hard
work and Neptune ever end up winning the
tie
that is Mighty Ducks okay maybe maybe
maybe pearls into is about a struggling
ice factory where the workers are
mistreated and decide to go on strike
only to be oppressed
once again no that was just too real
truth in the matter is I don't know what
frozen Chu is about it it's driving me
