hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck dude
my name is Destry I need a fucking
haircut seriously what is going on with
this thing what is this what what is
this but this is what the fuck news
where we talk about the hella weird news
that you might've missed in the last
week and first in what the fuck news are
you addicted to crystal meth no cool but
if you are pack your bags because meth
and 100 other dangerous or addictive
drugs are now legal in Ireland for a
short period of time alright now I can
start by recreational meth habit I've
always wanted to start the only thing
keeping me from it was that pesky law
and not the fact that I would want to
tear my own skin off or look like
Skeletor after I did it no it was
definitely just the law yeah and how
soon after I start doing meth well I
want to sell my children for more Beth
money ah two days yeah there's also that
before you start walking down Island
Street smoking crystal meth Wow okay
possession of youth drug is legal but
the distribution manufacturing or
purchasing of these drugs is still very
much illegal also the legalization was
only for the two days between last
Tuesday and Thursday so darn it but the
unfortunate mistake was a result of a
legal loophole as Ireland's Court of
Appeals amended various parts of the
misuse of Drugs Act from 1977 still
probably a pretty eventful couple of
days for Ireland though it more what the
fuck news Pennsylvania man tried to
avoid being arrested for public
intoxication by rolling around in
dogshit I'm sorry what apparently the 45
year old Maurice Franklin's brilliant
plan was to roll around in dogshit so
that police were too disgusted to arrest
him but I don't think it works like that
but can you imagine if it did put your
hands up you're under arrest
more yeah oh gosh it's so good oh god
fuck this let's get out of here ya know
like what was his plan
did he just somehow think that dogshit
is just the universal shield for being
incarcerated you'll never catch me
police I've got dogs shit on me dammit
he's right fuck unfortunately though for
mr. Franklin police arrested him all the
same despite the horrendous smell I'm
sure they had to endure
his arrest so not only did he not get
away but he also just smells like dog
shit now
nice dude real good planning a flus next
enough the fuck news a British woman was
in the news recently after she got her
entire body tattooed with pictures of
Rihanna look dumb what like I get when
people get tattoos of their favorite
bands or Leary's you know but I think
that this just might be pushing it a
little bit too much Plus like what kind
of Rihanna lyrics are you gonna get
tattooed on your body hi what can I do
for you okay so if I could get down
under my umbrella ella ella eh eh eh
right there that'd be great and then on
this arm I wanted to get pour it up pour
it up that's how we ball out that's how
we ball out how much is that gonna cost
but the 23 year old be honest superfan
Sarah ridges face honestly scares me a
little bit that's over 14 tattoos of
Rihanna on her body's spending more than
$3,000 on them and over 48 hours under a
tattoo gun holy shit the latest piece is
a giant mural of Leary on their back
which alone toss it over 1,500 dollars
any know I like people's faces in fact I
probably like your face it myself except
for you you're pretty ugly but what I
never like someone's face so much that I
wanted to be a literal part of my body
for the rest of my life probably not
Plus like when have you ever seen a
tattoo of someone's face that doesn't
look like complete shit perfect example
number that one time you asked your
tattoo artist to put a cougar on your
back and you got this what the hell is
this thing why does this thing look like
it wants to die or happen that one time
where you want to get your daughter
tattooed on your art but instead you got
this creature made 100% from nightmare
fuel
oh oh oh shit no no I got more you
wanted to get a tattoo you in honor of
your mom and instead you got this what
oh my I can't even imagine what she
looked like in real life but now thanks
to this tattoo this is all we can
imagine yeah then there's a tattoo of
your son and daughter that unfortunately
is only flattering if there
from The Hills Have Eyes and for those
Twilight fans out there maybe you wanted
to get a tattoo of Edward : on your back
but unfortunately turned out to look
like that average lesbian from a
Tennessee dive bar Oh oh my god on the
story and think twice before you get a
tattoo and make sure it's not gonna be
something you're gonna regret
every time you look into the mirror and
lastly and some TV and movie news a
couple of trailers been released this
past week including a new trailer for
the new season of Game of Thrones which
looks absolutely fucking awesome
winter is coming we know what's coming
with it we can learn to live with the
wildlings
we can add them to the army of the Dead
also just wanted to let you know that
winter is coming you know just as a
reminder winter is coming winter is
indeed coming so thought I'd let you
know just in case you forgot also the
first official trailer for Disney's
Tomorrowland was released which looks
like an absolutely giant mindfuck but
one that I'll probably go and see what
you saw was a place for the best and the
brightest people in the world came
together to actually change it and then
finally Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson
crashed a Paris Fashion Show by
reprising characters they played in the
movie Zoolander as promotion for what is
said to be a zoo in the sequel slowly
only speculation at this point but as a
fan of the first movie I can really only
hope that the two will get to show off
more of their moves in another movie
they're both so hot right now
anyways though this has been what the
fuck news and the question of the day
for you guys is what is the worst tattoo
that you've ever seen please your own
answers in the comments down below all
these stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links see more you guys go make sure
to check out my newest video where I
show you a tour around my super nerdy
apartments also something I shouldn't be
proud of but I will see you next time
for another what the fuck news and
Fairwinds
