hey guys I'm here with Mitchell Hey and
we just did a podcast how do you thing
went oh my god it was crazy we talked
about uh having sex on the set of Hannah
Montana all the demons are oh we talked
about drugs we talked about but stuff
tell you a jerk it off and we talked
about jerking out all about check it out
our new podcast is mitchel Musso is up
right now link down there SEC I become
so shady friends buzz beep beep ababa
Bayside beat Bobby my mother baked go
Bayside hey guys
yes I'm wearing Saved by the Bell shirt
today because I'm 26 years old and I'll
give a fuck does it is gonna be a fun
day
first I'm going to do a wardrobe fitting
for a short film that I'm doing where I
play my fat self so I get in a fat suit
and it's gonna be real weird and it's
probably going to take me back to high
school
beep a beep of F of a sighs beep oh beep
of a vago it's right and then after that
I'm going to hang out with Trisha Paytas
and introduce her to my mom which is
gonna be very very fun my mom is very
excited you told me she already has
diarrhea and she's already taken three
xanax so should be a fun night well go
hey guys I'm here with Don beretta uh
you are my wardrobe person are you
excited I'm really excited right now
we're in a clothing we're early right
now
I'm Friar Tuck we're gonna talk shop in
a fitting room and I am wearing a skinny
suit feel really good in this I feel
actually you're here for also moral
support give me lots of affirmations and
complements it's a shame you turned your
life around everything's fine now you're
fine great that is out show them the
pants really quick okay so we have 54 we
can fit three of me in here but that's
that's literally the size I used to wear
guys that look at that ass that's all my
ass loose to look like guys really I
know really big feeling myself feeling
myself
Oh
oh I can't stand all the way God guys
it's happening oh my god
I'm hitting rock bottom right now I'm
really feeling this right now
though I was feeling myself and I'm
feeling the depression I still look good
though right
silence okay guys by the naked one
behind me you know I'm a traces and this
is the official meeting of Trish my mom
and Pam we're all in it how is it going
so mom what's your this is why this
isn't the first time you've met Trish
you've met her before she came to the
house on Biloxi as a stripper yeah
uh-huh and I bought her pizza yeah thank
you for someone I see why everyone pizza
and snacks and yeah but we don't really
talk that much he treats his strippers
very well oh yes it wasn't this Little
Caesars it was DOM and and Pam what
what's your official reaction to Trish
she's cool as fuck that's your official
review yeah thank you I'm very reviews
of youtubers are usually not like that
so you're very lucky
no I love and your mom gave me this
little book it was like well I don't
even show the nakedness but they're like
making Maryland in the middle and then
this was right next to us they were like
across and then like a naked girl show
guys we get to make this describes me
perfectly that was like Jesus and nudity
yeah there's literally a boob on the
back of it literally I was like I don't
know you know nothing do I get great
gifts or what no those are amazing
that's a great boobs so you guys are
gonna do some kind of video right we're
gonna give my mom a mic okay yeah yeah I
having a ton of makeup I got my eye
shadow brahmaiah my mother didn't wear
makeup except for at her funeral bitch
was caked come on you even said you're
like oh
but anyway so I never really learned
makeup er and three years I never did a
lot with it okay and the few times I I
had someone do my makeup for Shane's to
premiere uh-huh and it was so cool
because it was like I could see my face
right but on a daily basis I don't know
what I'm doing well we don't want to see
your face we wanted to completely cover
person what do you want see buddy like
like sultry slutty husband I mean I
didn't when she did it my eyes stood out
or that's okay but I don't know I mean
like close oh yeah I mean I have like
whips and chains too if you want to be
put on that you should try your self
tanner on her my gosh yeah Mickey Bruns
oh my god and your Lube and the cross so
Trish has a box of Fifty Shades of Grey
cookies and mom wants fun what kind you
want mom oh just just something that'll
take me to another world so you want a
big penis ah well this one's a penis cuz
it's a centered on it this one says Red
Room of pain let's go there or this
one's has handcuffs on oh my have you
read a book oh only what Shane made me
read by n read the whole thing
no dear oh no no Theresa Theresa I
didn't wanna call her as I drink all you
Teresa mama Dawson Dawson yeah just call
me mama mama I love it yeah yeah sure
right now she's in the middle of the
makeover and she's making my mom look
like a stripper and I hope my mom's
gonna do stripper moves yeah JT Jeanette
sue yes do you like it wait let me see
no I mean I mean it is is different
yeah yeah exactly big reveal we'll see
what I would awesome to say about it
ready 1 2 okay look like somebody like I
look like somebody oh I look like a
hooker down the street dina Lohan no no
or when Kathy Griffin does a lot of
makeup oh yeah
what do you see Kathy Griffin yeah but
she's not sexy your sexy
you're like the sexy version in the porn
rated version this ain't Kathy Griffin
xxx all right he kind of does look good
when you do the that oh are we not doing
the main camera do don't hmm hey ready
so Jay you're like sexy ginger and Mary
Ann porno version oh yeah that's two
more like what people agree with your
lips like this is your calling card this
is dating this is your match profile
right here you're gonna get so much like
you have a cupcake on it that was so
good I both of us together we're the
redhead in the blonde we're like two
fantasies are one so call us at one
eight hundred you guys's duo name could
be strawberry shortcake I got I like it
call us first world
all right now that the makeup is done
the dancing begin
we don't have one you do a like a lap
dance oh oh my limbs
I like what look at the beer bottle
pretty good pretty good
drop it right here comes the drop your
next job ready go down and then bring it
up sister come on mo drop it and then
with your crea grab you grab your bottle
all right yeah now teach her some faces
so when you're just feeling yourself
like oh like you feel like a guy's
inside of you like do the luggage ice
cream one I taught you earlier like
Trevor Moran
yeah he does it but kill yourself oh
yeah oh you're filming it I'll feel you
for you yeah your hands in a circle and
it fun's over how do you feel I don't
know what's your favorite root vegetable
oh girl I have a lot oh I love a good
carrot ooh but I also love a potato with
sweet potatoes ooh but those beets slow
