like an awkward does she go like so can
I can you are you gonna call me
yeah that's happened you gonna scan you
sign said if we can we take a picture
like I just signed the inside of your
uterus cut my dick yeah what else do you
want for me hey Debbie guys yes I know
what you're thinking wow Shane your hair
is looking extremely gay today well
that's in honor of the quiz I'm about to
take which is the how gay are you quiz I
was never really that good at pop
quizzes in school but if something tells
me I'm gonna be really good at this one
let's do all right number one choose a
color I like how they even spelled it
just a little bit gay lilac is that the
name of Beyonce's kid I'm gonna go with
blue although I'm really thinking pink
pick a Beyonce flawless single ladies
run the world crazy and love drunken
love to be honest I'm not into Beyonce
okay whoever clicks on that is a lie I'm
gonna go with around the world I
actually listen to that song on the
treadmill let's just end the quiz now do
you enjoy consensual sexual experiences
with or feel a sexual attraction to
members of the same sex as yourself I'd
rather not answer that because that
would ruin my current relationship I'm
gonna go with hardly ever I'd be lying
if I said that I wasn't attracted to you
know some fat hairy dudes that call me
baby
don't judge me hey daddy's what city
would you most like to live in honestly
I don't care I never leave the house
anyways I'm gonna go to New York because
there's an Applebee's on every corner
what can I say I'm a sucker for diarrhea
what's your drink of choice
I don't drink too often but I'm gonna go
with wait where's all the girly drinks I
don't have anything chocolate no rum
chata no Frangelico I think I out gave
the quiz I'll say cocktails why not just
to clarify do you like having sex with
people of the same sex first of all
that's my arm what's your ideal Saturday
night clubbing until 5:00 a.m. dinner in
a theater quiet drinks with friends
doing something new house party night in
with Netflix I would say night in with
Netflix but Netflix doesn't have my
600-pound life yet so I can't I'm gonna
say quiet drink with friends not that I
really drink but I do like to go out and
just like sit with like one or two
friends and just talk about all the dick
I suck oh hang on have you ever felt
sexually attracted to someone emphasis
I'm gonna go with a bit listen I can't
help it that the spider-man on Hollywood
Boulevard has a big ol bulge
which US president do you most identify
with I'm gonna go with JFK because he
died sometimes I feel like dying next
question what's your favorite root
vegetable oh girl I have a lot oh I love
carrot ooh but I also love a potato oh
but sweet potatoes ooh but those beets
whoa I'm gonna go sweet potatoes because
it's the only one here that you can turn
into fries and dip into marshmallow dip
how gay am I actually I don't think that
was gay that was just that
okay I'm fat and gay if you could pick
your ideal partner for a romantic date
what qualities would they have maybe the
same sex as me preferably I see what
this quiz is doing take a weather
phenomenon what flooding cuz that's what
my pants do what sex is sexiest okay I
feel like this quiz is a joke pick a box
oh I the Box be a plane leaves new oh
god I'm not gay and I sounded surprised
you're not gay you really enjoy sexual
experiences with a member of the
opposite sex you're attracted to both
physically and emotionally to people to
be opposite sex you're not very keen on
up as sexual relations with members of
the same sex heterosexuality is fun this
changes everything
if they don't think I'm gay then then
how do I live how do I live not gay
don't know how to do it how do I live
without people thinking I'm gay at the
Cheesecake Factory the waitress asked me
if I was gay yesterday Oh yesterday and
I said maybe hey guys guys my how gay
are you quiz leave a comment down below
telling me how gay you think I am on a
scale of one to ten I'm gonna see a lot
of tents aren't I aren't you guys happy
I found me a funny with you and I will
see you tomorrow and I also see you
every day on my snapchat at lol Shane
Dawson Dawson doll and those snapshots
get really gay like ten level gay hi
guys I love you hi Jake that bad just
take that fat take that fat
while we kick like that
