hey guys I'm here with Mitchell Hey and
we just did a podcast how do you thing
went oh my god it was crazy we talked
about uh having sex on the set of Hannah
Montana all the demons are out we talked
about drugs we talked about but stuff
tell you a jerk it off and we talked
about jerking out all about check it out
our new podcast was mitchel Musso is up
right now link down there SEC I become
so shitty friends by yeah you think that
living for fat asses you guys yes I'm
here with Trish and we are gonna do a
hashtag train video where we listen to
your new music I review it she's like
master of music so I was like I need you
to review it honestly I'm right up there
with Ricky Dillon Trevor Moran
and Miranda sings bitch you're the OG I
don't know turn about my channel we're
reviewing her new album and they don't
air Jan we're reviewing my new book so
it's a lot of crossing my shabby it's a
lot of us begging you to buy stuff
channel guys it's nine dollars let your
open three dollars friend Joel you get
three problems you get one of them come
on people
okay so you know we're gonna do just
like I usually do we're gonna go sunk my
song I'm gonna go through the lyrics
we're gonna figure out what it all means
okay I'll fetch it it's called bad
chicks available on iTunes now bitch
okay okay so I think we should start
with the title song we should probably
start with fat chicks right perfect
I'm right here
wait shake that back just take that fat
right let's take that fat wow it's like
that oh I like so marvey thick like yeah
so if you're in the club and you're
shaking you're fat yeah you just show
him why you're thick like yeah and then
you just eat fuck ethos fucking buffalo
wings bitch
cheesecake asbury n all right you met
the bus out of route right
wait first of all you selling Britney
Spears I mean that's what I do
oh yeah that's like my pretty Spears
nude outfit on VMAs oh yeah I mean I
tried wait hold on did you just it I
like the pizza I like the fries yeah I
like peanut butter all over my father's
like the feeling on my nice warm vibe
this background that warm guys when
you're right it to me it sound like
emailing you like the feeling of food
bak wave is broken let me get that to
shore no it just
Oh Anna Oh ready to eat that's like a
panini press to the spinner right there
every time
now easily bring down the girls love it
so true oh I love it
yeah f80 yeah that's the last part of
that was you that's right I'm fat f80
and then it says fabulous and tasty
that's far the song love it baby should
bite something then you don't know but
you'll hear the whole thing
okay I'm gonna give that one five out of
five back fat rolls yeah that that at
the end it changes it up and show that
fat to show that backpack God look
literally made this one is called lost
and found
this is a power ballad bitch power
ballad birds
oh my god you're gonna kill yourself in
this video yeah but we don't know it's
open-ended does she killers have Beijing
it's literally like your YouTube chair
Oh
wait to her breasts
this has given me all kinds of Britney
Spears a1a I won't kill myself
that's a foul
every time I guess I can do that wait
what'd you say searching out to the
world but I'm so happy but I was so big
oh it's so big it is
your mom would like it what's the word I
like the UM eclectic nests of this
collection because it's big my backpack
put a put a pizza in my butt crack and
then it's right to choose cries download
it now
literally no genre this is every genre I
love it
Thanks some of our discovers we can go
ahead and listen even Melissa just give
me a quick a sniff a little less
conversation a little more fucking let's
go let's actually what it's about love
it come on baby I'm tired of talking
boom boom boom boom boom whatever I say
everybody
I love when they do that song as I can't
turn the peanuts
wait what do you think is the first
laughs when it comes out yeah this is
what it's like it's Britney bitch but it
goes on for a long time it's just this
I'm here somebody give me a jack I was
alive I'm still here
I'm so good I love it
thank you I'm Leon the scale of terrible
YouTube singers - not terrible YouTube
singers you're looking for the top thank
you not as you're balding yeah living we
going to or this summer the train to are
about seeing your songs fucking chew
chewing around the world
hi let us know down the comments do you
want to train to her seriously if you
want to train tour and you're serious
you come for a prize bitch hey I think
if this video thumbs up a comment or
bitch and if we get over a hundred
thousand thumbs up on this video we
might do it but we sure like a special
engagement on a couple cities done only
if we get a hundred thousands so dark I
feel like the Sun was like bad chime too
rapid progress well guys there you go
please go download Trish's alphabet
chicks right now link is right here to
fat chicks promoting fat chicks let's go
get money of those we have fun training
with you go get her album get my book on
her channel check out us reading the
book and chant you wanna say do you want
a tour honestly coming to a city near
you
Oh Jesse sha babies can talk so badly
you beat the shit out of them you go to
jail for you murder their family then
you go to Taco Bell get yourself a
crunch right supreme and celebrate
I love teaching lessons
