hey guys really quick before this video
starts I just want to let you know that
my book I hate my selfie is officially
out in stores I'm so excited you can get
it at Barnes & Noble you can get it
pretty much anywhere that sells books
and you can also get it online you can
get on iTunes and Google Play and all of
that shit so I hate myself e-book comm
is working it online so please look mean
everything to me if you went out today
with all your friends went to the
bookstore took a bunch of pictures with
it and of course bought it and send me
the pictures on Twitter I am so excited
and I'm so so so nervous I'm shaking I
really really hope you guys love the
book and go to the store let's go ahh
hello guys
hey of you guys today is going to be a
regretful day because I'm going to be
opening up your guys's snapchats
now because I don't know how to screen
record because I'm a loser I have made
it on my TV and now it's probably out of
focus and this is not going to work but
who cares at least it'll be blurry and
cover up all those underage nudes let's
start opening here we go I'm nervous
low-key suck on that dick I love when a
five year old sucks a dick on my
snapchat makes me feel important ah oh
oh oh okay okay there's a lot of faces
going on not that you're an unattractive
person it was just real close oh I love
you too
I haven't showered in three days thanks
for keeping clean for me did I lose 20
pounds yet this is getting really
depressing and she's gone
yo y'all look pretty Oh God okay it's
just an eggplant cuz my head went to the
darkest of places booty had me like
remember how the guy who created this
app just got a billion dollars that's
what we're using it for what is purple
me fucking yeah did I just accidentally
hack into somebody else's phone what's
happening oh god I think I'm replying
uh-oh you're done to me
oh you're not ugly
I mean that last face was but you're not
that's right if somebody says they don't
like me you beat the shit out of them
you go to jail for you murder their
family then you go to Taco Bell get
yourself a crunch right supreme and
celebrate I love teaching lessons I want
to suck your dick is that how small it
is as you are right oh god what is that
you're telling that didn't happen Shane
I just I do snapchats
um I'm having a great day oh I would be
so much hey that was actually nice
where was that one to suck your dick
where was the beating up of a friend
where is the fuck you I hate you I don't
understand this snapchat when will my
husband return from the war sure I don't
know that's depressing oh I'm ugly but I
love you oh if I made a movie like Fault
in Our Stars that's what my shirts would
say it wouldn't say okay okay it would
say I'm ugly but I love you Owen then I
would die of cancer ah oh oh I already
had that shailene woodley haircut I
don't want that again
what are you Sam pepper Oh No I think
our friend is dying and she's not doing
anything about it
you know she's dying bitch to kill her
he's summer great your friend is telling
you problems she has and you ain't doing
shit get on snap jank I'm not on one
bitch
Juna
Oh bitch ah how do I like something I
don't love something how do I fuck that
guy for those of you don't know drops of
Jupiter is my favorite song of all time
if you want to send me a snapshot of you
singing it I will masturbate to it
boom I will not be masturbating to that
kidding you look beautiful that's just
real close oh I want to lick your
boogers oh shit oh my god oh god okay
okay where is this gonna go next
oh it left thank God oh my god I just
saw evidence oh I feel like I was a
witness to something I should have been
witnessing alright let's do one more I
don't know how many more of these I can
handle me Oh Oh nobody could help me
like you you're the funniest person I've
ever seen you follow your dreams you did
it being you doing by what you believe
in and I really hope you read these I
want to be honest I'm distracted by this
beautiful face and that hair though
think I just came out oh hey guys go
those Romans snapchats for the day if
you want to follow me go to lol Shane
Dawson on snapchat send me all of yours
and maybe I'll make a video again with
you in it but please don't send me
anything of you killing anybody
eating anybody out for your nudes I
already got my mom texting me non-stop
of her eating herself out with her nudes
I don't need more that thank you guys I
love you if you offended me a funny with
you I'll see you bye I'm having a lot of
confusing thoughts right now I'm
thinking about fucking myself from eight
years ago I'm thinking by getting a Hot
Tub Time Machine travelling back I'm
thinking about what that would be like
would I like it yep I've ended up in the
weird part of YouTube again
