hey guys I'm here with Mitchell Hey and
we just did a podcast how do you think
went oh my god it was crazy we talked
about having sex on the set of Hannah
Montana all the demons are out we talked
about drugs we talked about but stop
jerking off and we talked about Turkey
no oh our new podcast is mitchel Musso
is up right now link down there I'm so
ashamed spies hey what's up you guys
alright I'm gonna be honest I've never
been more scared to do a video right now
I'm going to be watching my oldest
videos on my main channel and I have not
looked at those probably since I put
them up listen I'm proud of everything
I've put up on YouTube but you know some
things are worse than others is kind of
like children you know you can't pick
your favorite one but you can pick the
ugliest one so I'm gonna go through with
the oldest videos I can find and
hopefully not die sounds fun
alright this one is called Houdini's
Street magic I remember when I wrote
this video I was walking through Walmart
and I was like I should start a YouTube
channel ooh
I'll wear a pink wig and act ghetto and
play magic tricks on my family and
that's when somebody should have told me
to go to college first of all I thought
I was so badass with that intro second
of all what is happening with me shoving
my friend's head into a deep fryer I
don't know I started fifty Shades of
Grey before Fifty Shades of Grey was
started Oh bitch your skin oh my god I
am oh god it's gonna be a herpes joke I
already know it I know video oh I didn't
go with the her pee joke Wow I would do
that now maybe I was funny right then
okay first let me just break this down
number one I got my mom's hair clip in
my hair
number two vanished in a haze bandana I
think this was Sheneneh before Sheneneh
was a thing number three that is a Lola
wig from Hannah Montana number four
that's my grandma's necklace and that's
my grandma's vest continue okay first of
all that's a lot of Cameron Diaz was in
Long Beach Snoop Dogg was raised in Long
Beach that man that killed his entire
family with a butcher knife lives in
Long Beach there's a lot of famous
people that are fluke gonna sneak up
now he grew up in Long Beach and then
you got famous aim you got the fuck out
oh ha ha that's right
forgot on that can I just say really
quick that this was outside in my
apartment complex and there was a lot of
people around now I know why I got
evicted yeah that was me being like how
does a man talk oh like this let's go to
another video this one is called phone
sex which I had a lot of for day check
please
you might have pressed one with that
haircut oh god I think that's my mom Jim
what's yours regular girl oh my god
first of all I just want to thank my
grandma in heaven for giving me all of
the costumes and props of my early
videos that's her hat that's a shirt
that's her jacket that's probably her
cell phone that's definitely her quilt
behind me and that's definitely her
religious necklace love you girl
oh okay I can't watch this one
Oh the sad part is I remember after that
video I was like damn I play a good
woman like I look like a woman I look
more like a woman when I was myself
pickup lines
oh that headshot oh my god I used to
wear that jacket every day oh that's
definitely gonna be me you're not a
woman I mean I look good though how do I
get that body again oh okay I need a
positive real quick cuz I'm having a lot
of confusing thoughts right now I'm
thinking about fucking myself from eight
years ago I'm thinking about getting a
hot tub time machine travelling back I'm
thinking about what that would be like
would I like it yep I've ended up in the
weird part of YouTube again first of all
that's a terrible joke second of all
what is happening with this pretty sure
that's my mom's mascara
no wonder nobody wanted to fuck you this
one is called drive-through which I
remember
at work when I went to Jenny Craig I
wrote up this whole script and I was
like damn I'm a fucking genius let's see
what that was right oh my god that's my
closet which I am definitely in and that
was my handmade at McDonald's sign on
the door and once again my grandmother's
clothing I want I can't hear you hello
did you tell my secrets or order food
cuz I love you here it is whispers why
it is that in there that's not even
funny
what is this shit Oh Helen Keller jokes
I still make those how's the um fish
sandwich okay let's take a guess I'm
gonna say it's gonna be a joke about
pussy let's see if I'm right boom how
well do I know my terrible self why not
be on vanillin oh shit do you like old
men alright that was funny those well
give myself one joke one laugh that's
probably it though I'm gonna leave this
video because that one's not that bad I
mean it was bad but it wasn't me in a
pink ass wig and long beach bag all
right let's do one bar all right I'm
gonna do one called why was I born this
is a video that everybody says save
their life and made the not want to kill
themselves so I'm gonna see if me
watching it makes me not want to kill
myself because watching these videos
makes me want to wow I was not afraid of
using copy written music like a beauty
guru oh my god this is literally my
morning your June Jim oh no crying oh my
god there's crying oh my god
first of all let me just give you a
sneak peek of how this happened number
one I was not a great actor yet so I was
in the parking lot of my bar building
with a laptop watching a scene from that
movie click where Adam Sandler cried
because his dad didn't remember him and
I was like trying to cry and cry and
then I was like oh shit I got one I got
one and then I turn the camera on now I
can actually just cry the fact that girl
I needed Adam Sandler to help
I'm really crying there I don't think
click was that sad
oh I remember there's also I went back
and I saved the little boy Wow let's go
he would win Oh
oh that's cute do we ever actually play
ball did I show that because I don't
know how to do that that was cute okay
like that boy you guys go I'm not gonna
kill myself now thanks self hope you
guys enjoyed that leave a comment down
below telling me your favorite old video
of mine also give me a thumbs up and
subscribe I make new videos are fun
night and John thank you guys for
watching me and for those of you who've
been watching me since these videos
thank you for not leaving me because you
should have but for real thank you
and since I am currently a teenager I
thought I would send a message back to
my single-digit self so hey what up
younger me first of all you are kind of
dumb which is annoying
