welcome to bonk calm where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet you may have heard the one and
only kim kardashian has now died her
hair platinum blonde as you may have
also heard blondes have more fun so Jim
Kay's gonna be having a lot more fun
than you
just kidding her life is probably a lot
better than yours already although she
might knock a lot of things over with
her but and it is altogether possible
she fills a deep-seated void within her
with expensive material possessions but
who knows I'm not her over Botox martini
gal friend behind on this but there is a
vine trend going around of the most
classical beautiful musical piece I have
ever heard when I first heard this song
I loved it I know a lot of people are
sick of it by now but I don't really
look at vine because there are way too
many boys this is still new to me then
you may not know that will totally rock
your world is there are a lot of remixes
to kid show theme songs floating around
online and they're kind of the best
thing ever a delectable mix of childhood
throwback in the booty poppin party
music of the present okay for starters I
would like to share with you my favorite
remix of a children's theme song Thank
You fun and playful
we have the remakes of the scooby-doo
theme songs and now for just a little
bit of an older audience turn down for
nothing when you have the iCarly theme
song remix rock and roll ladies and
gentlemen this is on YouTube I learned
that a lot of female youtubers are
making videos called dear me which are a
message to their teenage self that
everlasting feeling of loneliness won't
go away anytime soon but you will learn
how to cope with it I know you're
staying up late at night worrying about
getting a date or falling in love or the
man you're gonna marry well guess what
you're gay improv comedy has a
philosophy follow your fear and only now
as an adult do I understand that and
since I am currently a teenager I
thought I would send a message back to
my single digit self so hey what up
younger me first of all you are kind of
dumb which is annoying but acceptable
because you're about five years old
something that will help you know you
don't need every toy because in a few
years or even in a month you're gonna be
sick of it and you're not really gonna
want to play with it anymore also I
would say start saving for retirement
now it's never too early and I already
feel like I'm behind also if I were to
have a message to a little bit of an
older me I would say just don't stress
it because nothing matters at all we're
all gonna be you know very very dead so
just don't worry about anything
I love uplifting videos made even more
joyful with ukulele music and this
collagenous throwback episode of bob
calm hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode don't forget to give
it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis chisel to check
out my latest video here's a little tiny
preview it was incredibly troubling
don't forget to subscribe while you're
over there yeah Nicole washing of the
day if you could tell anything to your
younger self what would it be
leave a comment down below
