hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck new but it was
desperate my neighbor's fucking hate me
together shut the fuck up God why are
they so mad it's only 5:30 in the
morning but this is what the fuck news
we talk about the outrageously strange
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first thing that I
have to talk about today is the tragic
passing of Leonard Nimoy mr. Nimoy as
you probably know as the legendary actor
best known for his role as Spock on the
original Star Trek series passed away
last week from a pulmonary heart disease
obviously a lot of people were Saten by
his passing but not more so than his
close friend and co-star on the Star
Trek show William Shatner who had been
friends since 1966 saying I loved him
like a brother we will all miss his
humor his talent and his capacity to
love a lot of other celebrities given
their own kind words to his passing
including Zachary Quinto who played
Spock in the 2009 Star Trek reboot
saying my heart is broken I love you
profoundly my dear friend and I will
miss you every day needless to say mr.
Nimoy was a very loved person in a
character in the roles he played and
gave that same love back to everyone in
his life he will live long and prosper
in the hearts in mind of everyone whose
life you touched
rest in peace Spock I have been nowhere
she'll be your friend I'll do some
actual what the fuck news though a
burglary suspect was arrested this last
week after he commented on his own
wanted photo on the police station's
Facebook oh what a dumbass the Facebook
post on the Butler County Sheriff's
Office who identified Andrew Dale
Markham wanted for several cases of
burglary abduction assault and domestic
violence went viral after the suspect
himself commented on the Facebook post
saying I ain't even trippin half of them
don't even know me to which the
Sheriff's Office responded in the
comments if you could stop by the
sheriff's office that'd be great and
even went so far as to talk to him by
posting a picture of a jail cell saying
hey Andrew we've got your room ready
obviously because Andrew used his own
Facebook to comment on the post and gay
Polly
an address to find him which then led to
his arrest I do have to say though this
guy's selfie game is on point look at
this guy what did I take selfies like
that perfect but since the incident he's
been arrested and has probably one of
the best mug shots I've ever seen Oh
what's the matter dog you trippin now
fuckin dumbass next what the fuck News
the Internet is a terrifying place this
week no one knew that more than a woman
named Sarah who sent over a million
dollars of her own money to a man she'd
been in relationship with for over a
year but never met yikes
the woman recently appeared on dr. Phil
after a cousin noticed some red flags
about the man she'd been sending her
money to apparently the man told Sarah
he was a widow word was on a business
trip in Africa but couldn't return home
or visit her because he keeps getting
arrested on false charges and needs her
to send more money for him to get bailed
out as far as excuses go I'd probably
make up something that was a little bit
more believable but seeing as how this
woman literally entrusted a million
dollars to you I think the game at this
point is just to see how outrageous you
can make the excuse before you get
caught oh my god I didn't tell you this
this colony of ants came down with
machine guns and and took took my wallet
at gunpoint yeah so you know I think I'm
gonna need like another million or so
cuz you know the ants took everything
but even after everything that's
happened she still goes on to say that
she's 95 percent certain this is not a
scam clearly she's never heard of the
Internet
welcome to sexy sexy singles calm weird
sexy singles in your area wanna meet you
no way it must be because of all the
iPads at one today was like five iPads
and now sexy singles want to meet me
what is happening today plus it's never
a good idea to meet a strange man you
met on the Internet yeah I met a guy on
the internet who was supposed to sell me
Backstreet Boys tickets and the first
thing he did was ask me if his rag
smelled like chloroform it did next
thing I knew I woke up in a windowless
supply shed in my anus hurt moral of the
story is don't trust people from the
internet but lady if you're willing to
throw some
get someone you've never met I'm right
here I could really use a new house
thanks and lastly in some movie news a
few trailers have come out this last
week including the first trailer for Ian
McKellen's mr. Holmes movie which is
apparently about the late life of
Sherlock Holmes and some sort of drama
thriller movie which looks pretty sweet
also the third trailer from the Avengers
age of Ultron was just released which
just shows off a little bit more of the
story some awesome character lines dr.
Foster canoe badass and more of the
Avengers just kicking a lot of robot
dick
there's a little bit of pee in my pants
right now I know I keep mentioning the
age of Ultron trailer but fuck are you
gonna sit there and tell me you're not
gonna watch it stop lying
anyways though this has been what the
fuck news my question of the day for you
guys is what is the most amount of money
that you've ever entrusted someone with
leave your answers in the comments down
below all today's stories as always in
the description down below as well as
all of my links before you guys go my
first album ever is now officially on
free sale so if you want to check that
out a link will be in the description or
you can click this video here which will
explain all about the pre-sale and all
that stuff but yeah it honestly would
mean a lot to me if you guys went and
checked it out I mean honestly you don't
even have to like it you can really just
fucking hate the whole thing but as long
as you guys have checked it out that's
all I want anyways I will see you next
week for another what the fuck news and
Fairwinds
