hey guys guess what we're recording a
podcast hey this is what your temp - I
don't know but we're getting up there
for sure how are you feeling about it so
far I'm loving it I'm having a great
time learning you know every a new
episode is a new I learn something new
about it which is good I'm still new at
it so thank you for your constructive
criticism people done they love you
though nah people love me I think some
people don't but that's alright I love
you guys okay today we interviewed miss
from you so and I was so nervous and so
excited but we're like best friends with
the know yeah he invited us COBOL we're
gonna which by the way was a very random
thing to say like let's go bowling I was
expecting to be like let's go get fucked
up and like jump off the cliff and I'd
be like down but no he said bowling I'm
down with that
I was like wait we bump errs and she's
like no hated on me for the bumpers yeah
so we got to do that I've got a film
that we should start we should started a
show where we try to hang out with the
podcast guests afterwards even if the
podcast goes bad okay and we try to hang
out with them because us hanging out
with Tara Reid would be genius girl
leave us some comments today I want to
know who do you guys want on the show
who do you want to interview who would
be fun for you oh so many people I
really want to get Danny up in here any
fans ACA Mean Girls Damien you guys
would have a lot of questions for him so
here's like a dream Whitney Houston okay
my dream is still here Hilary Duff I
still fuckin want her on the podcast so
much i I don't know it it would
literally be an hour of silence at me
staring at her being like are you real
and her being like can I get out of here
that's all it would be okay sounds good
all right guys we're gonna finish up
here we're planning out more things what
games you told me a game idea that you
had for the podcast tell them what was
it oh I'm trying to come up with a whole
bunch of fun games to play on air I want
to do like some tweets against humanity
may maybe some guessing games I don't
know we're also gonna play with Farrah
Abraham's pussy yes we are going to have
a Farrah Abraham's sex toy carnival
we're gonna buy all her sex toys and
then we're gonna test them out but
instead of using penises because I don't
have one neither do we're gonna use like
slim jims curling irons hot dogs
pencils baseball bats lacrosse sticks
croquet sticks anything that resembles
some sort of thing thank
into a thing okay it's gonna be great if
you have any suggestions you let us know
haha hey guys I'm here with Mitchell hey
and we just did a podcast how do you
think went oh my god it was crazy we
talked about having sex on the set of
Hannah Montana all the demons are oh we
talked about drugs we talked about butt
slap yeah jerk it off and we talked
about Turkey now check it out our new
podcast is mitchel Musso is up right now
link down there's a choleric I'm so
shady friends bugs oh I like that it's a
little of ah hey guys I don't know if
you can hear me it's pretty loud but I'm
sitting outside of the gym right now
wasting time and I decided to make a
fucking snapchat I know I said I would
never do it I said I didn't want the
nudes but you know what I'll take the
nudes I'm kidding oh my god don't send
me news just send me dog pictures we're
cats
EW I hate cats wanna say that food send
me food anyways I don't know how to use
it still figuring it out my screen name
is lol Shane Dawson because somebody
took Shane Dawson and then somebody else
took gains shots in and then somebody
took Shane yah Dawson and then somebody
took fuck Shane Dawson I hate that guy
mom so now I'm left with lol Shane
Dawson which sounds like the worst talk
show in the world bitch anyways I have
no idea how to use it I'm trying to
figure it out my story is depressing
because it's just a bunch of pictures I
accidentally took pretty sure I took one
of my penis in the urinal story of my
life it's really sad and really small
and really shriveled balls story on
snapchat I'm gonna go work out you
follow me on snapchat and keep getting
depressed by my pictures you're welcome
I don't know what that is
hey guys I just finished my workout with
my trainer this is Jess how do you feel
about this I
I don't know here I almost threw up
little cuqui little teeth you better all
pass but that helps me lose weight right
yes yes good advice so here's the goal
you have until June 1st to get me ribs
it's gonna happen like I've never taken
my shirt off ever I shower with it on I
have sex with it on with myself I go
into the jacuzzi with it on I've never
taken it off ok pressures on but I'm up
to the task it's gonna happen so June
first we're gonna do a video where you
take my shirt off and reveal the goods
or the bags depending on what happens
there's no bad soul good all right David
YouTube channel anything not yet maybe
soon maybe you'll see me on it working
out definitely see my torture and me
throwing up subscribe hey guys um I'm in
a bathroom right now me gym I mean this
is how I look it's not great um but I'm
proud of myself I I think I already
talked about this in a blog I lost 20
pounds in the last 40 42 days and damn
I've got someone myself oh shit oh shit
and I almost have abs I'm hoping
hopefully by June 1st I'll be able to
take my shirt off having literally never
done it so I'm really nervous and
decided I'd you guys don't feel fun hang
with me I could hang with you I'm gonna
go change into something less sweaty and
ringworm filled hi we're gonna learn how
make Twinkies you're making old-school
dessert you're so excited you can't eat
any of them I can't that means I really
love you I'm coming just so you can
enjoy and you can try my samples
I'll eat up all your Twinkie all that
cream let's do it
