you spend a lot of money on your clothes
and I don't almost this whole look I got
from like a really crappy store on
Hollywood Boulevard
it's like ran by someone who talks like
this everybody fell off the back of the
truck conveniently and so it's like $20
they think this was like 15 so do you
think it's stolen or do you think it was
on a dead person hey can I do it sure
yes first of all that was too straight
and you can't even clap right all right
I know you've seen all the tags going
around YouTube boyfriend buys my outfit
and I'm sure you're very confused as to
why I would do this number one I don't
buy clothes and number two I don't like
my body so why would I show it full
frame in a video and I wasn't going to
do this video until he recently was like
I don't want to go out in public with
you you look a mess that's not exactly
true but I have been telling him he
needs to step up his fashion game so if
I step up my fashion game
he probably just means wear shirts that
don't have Taco Bell stains all over
them or holes for the past three years
you love my holes so here's how this is
going to work I am going to crawl into a
hole and another panic is that it's
gonna be great so I am going to let him
go out into the world I've never been
there I don't know Lisa and he's gonna
buy me a few outfits and then we're
gonna come back here and try them on and
I'm honestly terrified like what do you
envision for this body
well you know I'm actually gonna try to
get things that you will wear
realistically every day every day bro
know you hate shopping
you have panic attacks when you go
shopping so I actually feel good about
shopping for you without you fuck that's
so true last time we went shopping we
had to go to a wedding so I had to go to
Macy's to get an outfit and I started
crying in the middle of the store and
ahead to leave and that's what I said
we're shopping with him again the truth
tea is cold all right so let's do this
okay so a couple of questions
hey how much am I going to spend well I
usually spend zero dollars on clothes so
no I'm gonna need at least a hundred and
fifty aha this is not a brand deal okay
I'm thinking you know what bet whatever
you want
I trust you I'm just gonna give you my
card I'm not gonna give you a limit but
like if you go over a certain limit that
I think is too much we're breaking up
great no pressure at all okay so I need
to know a couple of things like what are
your size of the shirt sizes um first of
all I just want to show you like what my
current style is I like this one because
you can see that you pull a sweat it
just reminds me that I need to go on a
diet if I won't be shorts because they
have a nice little hole right here
oh okay so sure sighs whoo that's
triggering um let me just ask my bag of
chips okay hi wow that's big okay
keeping it real I'm going to say if it's
like a t-shirt a large he thinks like a
dress shirt give me an extra large
because boobs no you actually just have
like some chest muscle you have been
lifting five days a week
I'm your thing right okay pants wise
that's a dark subject I'm gonna say 38
ways times 30 long what are you I'm
right of 28 30 so double bad what about
dick size what do you mean I don't need
your teeth for mosquitoes I'm not
getting you a speedo I'm confident
because my speedo size is well you can
get by the child section one last
question do you want complete looks or
just pieces you can throw together do
whatever you want if you want to get any
pins or buttons or even a pop socket do
whatever you feel but just don't give me
these because they're the gayest thing
to me I thought you're wearing them
innocent
yesterday Archie went shopping you have
all the outfits I have not seen them I
can smell them they smell new and clean
and I don't like it
alright so a bunch of different stores
and I didn't necessarily get outfits
because I don't think you'll ever wear
you got no I got no food but I did get a
lot of different things so do you want
to start with the first door oh my god
I'm so nervous okay what's the first
door a wasteland it's like a bougie
goodwill
first of all wasteland is what I call my
ass and I'm ready okay so I found this
shirt and although yellow is not really
Shane's color this reminds me of this
green shirt a lot so I'm gonna give this
a try I also found it is this awesome
shirt with a bear drinking a coca-cola
but it has this huge as a rip in the
back which i think is a deal-breaker
which is such a bummer that is first of
all what is that dick sucking face this
results in us breaking up it's been a
good run it's been a great class oh my
god I see colors yeah okay start with
the yellow these prints are hiding in
this fashion oh my god okay first we
have I'm trying to convince this I know
I've never seen you in yellow but it's
very reminiscent of your favorite green
of my great shirt yeah and it looks like
cheese so when I dropped cheese on it
you don't see it okay all right loving
this are you sure this isn't like a
Harry Potter thing because like the
champ I've never read harry potter okay
so that's the shirt oh you got me
another shirt yeah so this shirt I'm
obsessed with and you're gonna wear it
do not never
if this was diet coke and I'll think you
to never take it off it's just made
literally everything about that is me
the embarrassing sunglasses the dad body
there's all in the back and I almost
didn't buy it because of that so you
can't wear it in public you don't know
me okay I love these shirts let's do a
quick little fashion show it's bright
you know I don't think yellows your
color is so me I know I'm not being mean
it's just too bright all right look
number two come through it actually is
really good I love it
no actually it's very untracked little
bit are you gonna fold your arms like
him perfect
all right next door okay I went to Urban
Outfitters and I got some goodies for
you
what Urban Outfitters doesn't carry my
book so I'm protesting them I'm for sure
getting this Shane also loves spreads so
I think that's a good option but I also
don't want to get just graphic t-shirts
I need to get something that he'll
actually look nice in as well all right
here we go okay all right we're starting
with oh my god I love this this actually
literally says daddy before you wear it
I think it would I kind of like it I
want to see you in public with that hat
I actually
this this is great what else God all
right sure
oh my god oh my god I'm gonna cry oh my
god you probably don't even know I'm so
excited it's a friend's shirt but it's
my favorite episode of all time I knew
that I'm gonna marry you that's when
you're supposed to I know me too
oh yes good thank you
I know all right before you open these
shane has had one pair of black and
white shoes since I met him so this is
just another pair that's a different
color than I hope you're aware okay a
nice gray nah nice shoe look like
something a grandpa would wear I was
thinking the opposite I was thinking
they kind of look like the easies what
did you just say you know how like
athleisure is in style I was thinking
guys later they don't know what any of
the word you're saying me well these are
Yeezy who are you having a stroke
all right and there's something else
right now this one isn't the fanciest
thing in the world but I honestly think
you'll wear it possibly every day it's
very big no I know I'm a big bitch okay
I like it's great simple it's nice feels
good no hole so I'll change that smells
like smells like they don't carry my
book all right all right fashion show
come on oh don't mind me I'm just a
daddy taking a walk in my friend shirt
with my uses you're easy but they're not
easy is there New Balance are they comfy
yeah I mean I look like a nurse let's go
to the WBT or sit on the couch
yeah I mean do you want to see like the
shoes in action yeah okay I think you're
right there's shoes my grandpa would
wear every time I start to like my head
you take me back down all right okay
this do see shirt oh it's a little like
tight and thick but I like that football
way it looks like it's just pussy but
I'm also already sweating you can
literally see that I just put it on it's
not going well all right what do we got
next
okay so next I went to gap which I don't
think you would ever shop at I don't
have any gaps anywhere the reason I went
there is because you have no outfits for
a date night or a night out on the town
so what you're saying is you want to
take me out correct
I came into gap to get something a
little out of the ordinary for him if we
go on a date night or something so I
really wanted to get him a nice
button-down and maybe some nice jeans
that he could wear on a night out on the
town you know what I'm saying
here we go about a year to happen have
never seen him wear a pair of jeans in
my life there's no reason to try these
on and if they fit he's going to wear
them okay let's see these are slim huh
no how do you see my pinky you've got 36
on 38 the 38 were literally this big
yeah I'm gonna kill myself
the 38 were like five times the 36 so I
just know literally welcome to my pants
okay what's this I love it done no it's
a light sweater for you to wear to date
night or to a rehearsal dinner to
wedding okay
all right I don't hate that what's next
okay you have something similar which is
so weird can I tell you the story behind
this shirt that I have what you wore
this shirt that's similar to this on our
first date on their first date yes that
was his shirt oh I deserve it all right
what else underwear because you wear the
same pair of underwear and buried a row
I didn't say everyday yes you did
there's so 25 alright fine fat shouldn't
show - the underwear
no he's doing an underwear shot okay
who's ready to go on a date look at the
jeans actually do fit cute do you feel
like the guy on the side of heaven who
went to jail for molesting kids I've
never seen it it's so good
how are the underwear oh so I'm wearing
the new underwear doing a full shot yeah
so the underwear uh are good I mean they
fit nice and they're very soft very soft
my penis has a lot of bones yeah so next
is the sweater I got you I can see that
no I don't like it oh it's itchy
oh it's itchy no it's not with your ex
it's like actually like making my art
it's like making a cringe oh my god it's
like a cream shirt if I can't shop for
you who can no one shade up in shop no
okay so I guess it's time for me to pick
my favorite I'm gonna go the yellow
shirt I knew it I saw it immediately but
that's also because it's the same as
your favorite shirt so it's baby steps
like I'm never gonna wear I need the
other things ever again yes you're
earning all of them
actually you know what listen I'm not
gonna burn all the clothes I'll probably
just give them away but I feel like we
do need to burn something so I have a
game for you go up to the closet pick
any shirt of mine that you hate only
have 30 seconds it's a clown shirt no
I'm not doing that one find another one
30 seconds I'm counting down alright
what did you think so I just found this
one but I haven't really seen you wear
in a long time but I just don't really
like how long it is I disagree I think
it covers my ass but if that want to
burn the baby we're gonna burn it
Thanks alright here we go the ritual of
the burning shirt goodbye bad style
alright here we go oh my god wait did I
just you put the fire out
alright then I'll just burn it directly
oh wait I think it's working
oh the first and only time my fashion
has ever been lit oh wow ooh that smells
like my sweat any final words no me
neither
alright guys go that was my boyfriend
buys my outfit said dude I hated it if
you want to see the other video we did
where I bought his outfits and go over
to his channel check it out subscribe
also make sure to subscribe to my
channel hit the notification bow because
I make new videos every single day and
if you want to sell the other videos
that we've done together they've all
been very dark I'll put a link to a
playlist you can follow all right you
guys I will see you tomorrow in none of
these clips
you
