and then there was a table filled with
desserts and it chokolate fountain for
dipping fuck yeah hey oh it's of you
guys I want to say something really
quick before this video starts I totally
forgot to mention the other day in my
last video I'm going to be in Texas on
March 17th at 7 p.m. so make sure
there's a link down there go click it
RSVP let me know your coming and I will
see you in Texas
giddy up y'all I'll never do that again
bye guys guess what ok we're having a
fun day today cuz we're gonna go take a
baking class because I'm a big old girl
I love baking so much so then for my for
Valentine's Day if you got me a class
for us to take a baking and we're gonna
learn having Twinkies you're making old
school dessert we're so excited you
can't you any of it I can't that means I
really love you I'm coming just so you
can enjoy and you can try my samples
I'll eat up all your Twinkie all that
cream let's do it
just a cool couple walking around or so
head just a couple of hipsters hippie
hippies such joy just a guy wearing a
shitty-ass black clothes and her wearing
an evening gown just being here the way
I look pretty today well no you looked
like a pity she's a great girl like when
she's still a nerd but then she's like I
want to get my ass slapped
sounds really cinematic there's a puppy
behind us do you think it tastes good ah
ha ha I knew you're Helu you hallelujah
I'm going to hold in my bad wait that's
really exciting let's go
they have tequila charlie they also have
that wizard hat at chakra you will put
that on your dick and eat it I would
make some magic in the port look as
we're right outside the baking class get
all that butter
see all that butter oh my god why are we
had to be so close because I don't want
to hide anything from them I want them
to see my imperfections because
imperfection is perfect look at that
scab on my eye guys look at that gross
her pee on my lip guys look at the
yellow teeth guys you want all of me
right
Oh
we're making Oreos ours came out like
food cars like we were like so fat that
we filled it so high that it came over
okay we just got our first break I'm we
have five minutes exhausted I'm tired my
hands are covered in poopy and chocolate
and there's me so many Twinkies that
we're not gonna eat marshmallow say it
going well guys
No
using it up there so missus look
that's gonna be but whatever we're
making Oreos guys I'm proud of us
I'm excited so much we finished the
baking class tired I'm tired I'm
exhausted and we didn't really eat any
of it no we left it all there I mean why
would anybody need 500 Oreos I mean some
people really need it sometimes I do
have an emotional night look at the
puppy
I could eat 500 of those you know what
I'm like it's univer deep yeah I'm tired
that's exhausted bacon so hard
emotionally eating and emotionally
baking takes a lot out of me but you
said you need to poop now so I should
probably is that a problem
hey you do poop I just feel like right
now you're trying to tell me that
there's a problem in our relationship
that you don't like his smell my poop no
I I you you pick doesn't really smell
you know what that's true your poop mm
did good hi what's up you guys yes I'm
finishing the night off by editing and
working on videos I'm so really quick
before go I just want to talk to you
guys um so as you most of you know I did
that
diet and exercise thing for the last
couple months and I lost 20 pounds
fucking crazy and I lost 11 and a half
12 inches I think all around my body I
know I went from the size 38 waist to a
size 33 I think I'm actually at a 32 now
which is fucking I mean that's in st. so
here's the thing I am going to tell you
guys how I did it now this is not
product placement they're not paying me
they let me do the program before
anybody else it was like a test run type
thang test group but like they're not
paying me to tell you guys about it I
know that you guys just want to know so
I'm gonna tell you it was called the 21
day fix and then part two was 21-day fix
extreme which is what I did after the
first 21 days and it was really awesome
workouts that basically I just did on my
computer
well not like we're gonna out me my
fingers are getting so muscular
no I was working out while it was
playing and I did them pretty much every
day five days a week actually seven days
a week and they were like 30 minutes
long it was really easy to do I was hard
but you know easy to get in there and
and yeah and that makes what's just
eating healthy fucking lost twenty
pounds which which sounds like a lot of
weight and it was but I didn't know that
I was going to lose that much that quick
I guess I had a lot of water way too I
don't know either way I'm very very
happy and now I'm continuing
I got a trainer who is gonna make me all
super muscular now so I'm excited about
that it's partly you know I want to look
better but I just wanted to feel better
you know I felt like I was getting
really sluggish and stuff and after
doing all these horrific after doing
21-day 21-day fix time extreme I feel
very like light fit and like I got a
little muscle going boom just I'm
feeling better about myself I've been
wearing like more colorful clothes and
then wearing shorts and just I don't
know living life a little bit more if
you guys want to try it out you should
if you're looking for something to do
that's easy that you can do in your
house that you don't have to go to a gym
or something then check it out I'll put
the links down there and yeah tweet me
your updates I think there's a hashtag
hashtag get your fix I think is what it
is so tweet me your updates with that
and you can do it you know whether
you're trying to lose a little bit or a
lot just remember listen I've lost I
lost a couple 150 pounds before and that
was hard but losing this last 20 pounds
was really fucking hard I don't know why
hey because my body was just like
stubborn and also I was eating you know
a lot of cake so that happened anyways
I'm gonna go that sounded fat anyways
yeah I'm gonna go I love you guys I hope
you had fun today I had a lot of fun I
was a lot of fun today and um I'll see
you guys tomorrow you got that James
Dean daydream look in your eye
he's a neon porn star that's a guy the
fuck Farrah Abraham right you bet a coke
bottle in her pussy says who she's
talking cuz that's a guy that ain't a
daydream
