you look like a child prostitute but
happy about it that's what I'm going for
just stick an old man's cock in my mouth
and force me to second maybe one day
thumbs up if you're watching this video
before Taylor stress management takes it
down
heads up you guys yes this video is
gonna disappear soon so we might as well
have as much fun as we can while it
lasts today we're gonna be reading
through Taylor Swift's lyrics for her
song style we're just gonna try to
figure out what it all means knowing
Taylor Swift it probably means fuck you
fuck you fuck you boyfriend or I love
cats one of those two things midnight
you come and pick me up no headlights
I've read that Craigslist ad before I
knew she was into some crazy shit long
drive could end in burning flames or
paradise as a burst Janice said to so
fade into view it's been a while since
I've even heard from you that's probably
a line about her therapist cuz you know
that bitch is a Bourdon or hello
therapist office hey it's Taylor Swift
I'm dead I should tell you to leave cuz
I know exactly where it leads but I
watches go around and round each time
what I should tell you to leave tell who
to leave her boyfriend last thing I
heard was she want him to stay nailed it
you got that James Dean daydream look in
your eye
isn't he a porn star that's another fuck
Farrah Abraham right you got a coke
bottle in her pussy says who she's
talking about cuz that's pay guy that
ain't a daydream and I got that red lip
classic style that you like so does
Miranda sings bitch and she knows a
better and when we go crashing down we
come back every time that's not true
I've seen a lot of people crash down and
not come back up and I would name names
but I don't feel like drugs and bitches
today cuz we never go out of style we
never go out of style honestly that's
exactly what I say about my Skechers
shape-ups me and the other 48 year old
obese women that wear them are never
going out of style you got that long
hair slicked back white t-shirt uh-huh
whoever that is sounds gross oh there's
not he describes him but he's
good-looking ooh you got that long wet
hair slicked back tank top barbecue
sauce stain fucking chewed up fingernail
style that I love and I got that good
girl faith and tight little skirt sorry
just had to slow blink three times so it
goes he can't keep his wild eyes on the
road
Bruce Jenner again takes me home lights
are off he's taking off his coat she has
no idea what sexy is like she thought
that was sexy okay honey just gonna take
off my coat oh I didn't get anybody wet
Taylor I say I heard that you've been
out and about with some girl some other
girl here we go he says what you heard
is true but I can't stop thinking about
you and I said I'll give her to mix up
and then she kills him then she writes a
song about him then she becomes rich
yeah well her guys go that was Taylor
Swift's new song style I'm not even
gonna parody this music video because
well number one she'll take it down but
number two I just don't care although I
could probably carry it as fair Abraham
and gave James Dean to put a coke bottle
in my vagina actually know what I'm
gonna do that all right you guys okay
have fun
lera King with me I have fun Larry King
with you Lisa comments down below tell
me what song let me to lyric next also
subscribe because I make new videos
every fuck today so I don't know there
we go alright you guys I'm gonna go I
will see you tomorrow and every day I'm
a snapchat lol she doesn't buy did you
ever know love food more than people I
don't give a fuck about friends and
family cuz I can't eat that
