my dad's gonna pay for it why he doesn't
like paying for anything he doesn't even
buy you shampoo your hair is more grease
dripping from it than a bucket of
Popeyes you really know how to make a
girl feel pretty hey what's up you guys
yes I am here in Michael Jackson's room
yeah last time I'll ever let Lisa
redecorate look we have a king and queen
throne for nobody and a bed for nobody
and a child's dress for me anyways I
thought today would be fun if number one
i snooped around Lisa's desk and number
two I told you guys about my book tour
but I don't want to just tell you about
the book tour because that's boring
instead I'm going to go through each
city that I'm going to and talk about my
thoughts on those cities get ready to be
offended and want to move but first
let's new fear desk okay we got
chocolate bar not surprising pitch on a
perlier Buddha pen she's not Buddhist a
lot of matches she's gonna light me on
fire one night food porn were soul mates
for some reason a hard drive of the Duff
is she's pirating movies now she also
has some form of restraints ooh
Fifty Shades of Grey's dial-up no it's a
fanny pack is it bad that that turned me
on even more anyways let's start talking
about the tour so I'm gonna be going to
one two three four five different cities
but first city is Los Angeles the City
of Angels and prostitutes and drug
addicts and whores so I'm gonna be at
the Barnes and Nobles in the Grove at 6
p.m. on Tuesday March 10th now I've been
in the grow of quite a few times it's
kind of like Disneyland - the fun the
rides and the good food so it's
basically six bikes no no no no Six
Flags has way more stabbings no I'm
kidding I love the girls mainly because
is the cheesiest place in the world
there's a fountain that dances to music
I think there's like five cheesecake
factories and little-known fact
somebody killed themselves her last year
yeah that happened it actually happened
right before I got there one night and
the whole thing was closed down a
Michael I wonder what happened somebody
goes have diarrhea from the Cheesecake
Factory though but no somebody jumped
off the top of the parking structure and
landed in front of the Sprinkles
Cupcakes and done the worst part is it
happened right next to an Italian
restaurant and I looked up tweets of
what people were saying it's a deli
restaurant and some girl was like my
spaghetti was pretty good until I saw
that motherfuckers brain splattered on
the floor
sad face oh I'm sorry that this poor sad
man
suicide ruined your spaghetti Andrew
Tony meatballs maybe next time you
should eat it Taco Bell where nobody
wants to kill themselves because that
place is great honestly how could you
want to kill yourself when you're
surrounded by so many crunch rats I love
food more than people next place on
Friday March 13th at 5:00 p.m. I'm going
to be in New York at the Barnes & Nobles
a Union Square
I'm pretty sure I've been here before
but also every time I go to New York I
don't know where I am I think a taxi
drugged me and I wake up naked welcome
to New York to New York we are going to
kill you welcome to New York to New York
also in New York on every corner they
have hot fresh nuts
oh they're honey coated or crispy
they're salty they're sweet the man
working there has ringworm scabies and a
warrant for his arrest but don't get me
started on the dead bodies on the street
I also just love that people pee on
buildings I mean I am peed in a lot of
things mugs the bathroom sink the
kitchen sink the bathtub never peed in
the middle of the road ah that sounds
great then on Saturday March 14th at
2:00 p.m. I will be in New Jersey at the
Barnes & Nobles Paramus which sounds
like a Pegasus so I'm excited I have
been to New Jersey only once and hence
because I wanted to go to the cake paws
bakery ok I literally waited in line for
four and a half hours for a cannoli but
then right after I ate it I left so I
don't really know much about New Jersey
so I'm excited to explore and that's a
lie because I'm probably just gonna go
back to the cake boss bakery and stand
there for about six and a half hours for
a new coconut water did you ever know
love food more than people I don't give
a fuck about friends and family cuz I
can't eat them then on Monday March 16th
at 5 p.m. I will be in Chicago at the
Barnes & Nobles orchard Center I've
never been to Chicago I am most excited
about this mainly because we're family
matters took place I'm pretty sure
that's where they sent Wendy Williams as
well Oprah's from and it's called the
Windy City which means I could fart
everywhere also aren't they famous for
pizza like deep fucking thick ass pizza
that you can fuckin fist-fucking put
your whole arm in there fucking get a
pepperoni button put some sauce and some
cheese in remember I've literally never
been better
just about anything in life I am
slightly nervous because with my hair
right now I'm having some issues and I
know that the wind is going to affect it
it's going to give me some kind of a
tumbleweed situation and a lot of you
guys are gonna want to take pictures and
a lot of you guys gonna want a snapchat
but I've recently learned that snapchat
just I have filters does not have phase
2 and you can't really fuck with it so
if my hair looks bad I'm probably gonna
request you to put a sassy emoji over my
entire body which total sign know you'll
know how rude it is to take a picture
with me on snapchat hey Shane first of
all oh my god I love you you're like the
love of my life you saved my life
want to take a picture my god of course
and that's gonna disappear forever
yeah Shady's fuck then I will be back in
Los Angeles on Saturday March 21st at
Romans and Pasadena
I fucking love Pasadena because there's
a frozen yogurt shop on every corner
there's also a bar on every corner so if
everybody's fucked up and they still
have trains which means anytime you're
on the phone with somebody you can't
fucking stand you can be like oh I'm
sorry girl I'm in Pasadena there's a lot
of trains can here you gotta go whoo
Thank You Pasadena and last but not
least I will be back in New York on May
31st for bookcon now listen I have no
idea what booked on is I just said yes
to going because Connor France is gonna
be there and you don't try to good actor
but supposedly it's like a big cool
convention for authors books and fans of
books so in preparation for this I'm
probably gonna have to read a book and
that's scary or maybe I'll just go to
audible.com slash shit I'm kidding I
don't have a product placement with them
I'm the one youtuber they haven't asked
to do that and that's fucked up audible
as my book is on your website but that's
fine instead of one on audible.com slash
Shane I'll just go to
naturebox.com/tyler I'm kidding nobody
loves me anyways those are the places
I'm going to be going please please
please show up and come and buy a book
and take a picture with me and tell all
your friends later oh my god Shane
smells like tuna in real life and his
hips are huge and hopefully we'll have a
good ol time for more information on the
dates and locations and all that other
shit I will put a link down there on my
Facebook there is an events page with
all of it right you guys I'm gonna go I
hope you have fun hang with me I hang
with you in the comments below let me
know what city you live in if it's not
one of these because hopefully they'll
extend the book tour but they're only
going to do that if enough people buy
the book and if enough people actually
show up so so I'm very very nervous and
scared and bring food I'm kidding but no
really
oh my god if we're okay for New Jersey
bring cake boss food is it illegal for
me to ask you to make food it's not like
I'm asking you to bring news oh but what
if you brought food on your nudes like
what if you came in a shirt made out of
cannolis that would be illegal guys you
guys I love you and I will see you
tomorrow I love myself too and I love
James Campbell who is that fuck is that
you cheating on us already potato are
you oh my god are you cheating on us no
no but I have a side bitch where we are
not a side bitch okay my side bitch a
little bit
