you see that morbidly obese girl with
the back sweat and orangutan titties
that was me
hey guys I'm here with Olli I don't know
why I'm still here with you because on
your channel you made this do the
shocking body challenge whatever the
fuck they made me want to kill somebody
and I hate you now you loved it don't
lie
you loved it I love when you touch me
yes today we're gonna be doing something
that I haven't done for a while and
you've never done no I've never ever
done this before yeah we're gonna have
Skype sex with your mom I bet your mom's
nice no she's really nice
my name's Sally oh yeah mmm she's nice
she's a lovely woman anyway no we're
actually gonna be talking to sim semi
which is a robot online who looks like a
big fat Taito
potato what does it mean when kids say
that they have potato faces oh you got a
potato shaped head no I could do I don't
know that one in that case I think we're
potatoes two faces you want you a more
of a potato to me honestly
get the fuck out of a gang okay let's do
this first of all I just love the fact
that they're advertising my book right
underneath it oh it's amazing
Thank You simsimi uh go get my book
right now it's nine dollars it's only
nine dollars fucking buy it bitch
potatoes do it click that organic
product placement okay ready what do we
say what do you want I think you've just
got you know it wait hold on is it a
girl or is it guys I don't know let's
say what gender is what gender are you
hey man Lorraine okay get out the shower
blinds
okay okay nominee is that pussy wet is
that too obvious yeah at her Grandpa's
house well that just got weird maybe
this is your mom are you a nollie whites
mom you said like a moment you said that
yeah yeah she's sitting right next to me
to him you're my mom blue Swiss mom is
this Shane Dawson he days ago named
Nicole on YouTube and cheated on Lisa
what how do they know that that's not
true
mm-hmm what the hell who is Ollie white
dating model day see anyone sir a is the
future wife what I don't know anyone
cool but I heard a rumor that you were
dating enjoy Graceffa Oh Mean Joe Yahoo
is a white
dating Joey Graceffa resurfaced AFER's
amazing super sexy hotter than you kind
of thing back about oh sorry love you
it's okay hey I think we're just gonna
go straight in and say I love you you
brett Smith fast I love myself too and I
love James Campbell but who is that I
don't know who the fuck is that you
cheating on us already potato are you
Cho my god
are you cheating on us no no but I have
a side bitch where we are not a side
bitch okay my side bitch a little bit I
just want to get like how big is oli
white tell me if this is accurate his
dick is 8 inches and really nice well if
the robot says so then it's got to be
true right well let's see how they - oh
if the road is it must be true my god
don't imagine that you'd have to strap
it to your leg it's a hard life it's a
burden really but what other youtubers
Ricky Dillon
how big is Ricky Dillon's penis feel
like his is really long really skinny
haha really big it'll make you boom like
thunder and lightning oh cool what is
this game I don't know who is ilysm this
is amazing why did Connor Franta really
leave o2l we've got to know it's
destinies babe this is destiny to leave
I get that let's ask a question about
you I want to know something about you
okay okay boom did Shane Dawson last
kiss haha yeah I get I did no work I'm
open to plow did oli white glass I know
the answer what first of all I don't
have a sister uh sorry I kissed your mum
good she needs to get it should oli
white fuck my mom oh yeah what is FDB
mean for Dan you know I ditch fuck that
bitch hell yeah fuck yeah bit this is a
ruthless like computer thing whatever it
is I love it it's amazing okay here's
Tyler Oakley really gay I don't believe
it I think it's all hype actually Tyler
Oakley is Samuel so shut the fuck up you
just got owned
I don't know what that I robot I mean
you can't even come back with anything
to say with that good pardon yes I can
Goldman you are a fat dumb ho Kato ha ha
ha ha a spear is a potato and then he's
got just a little curl at the top yes
yes I am he accepts it I like that
do you have a boy oh my god I can't
spell Wow is that how they spell that in
Britain yeah did you not know that no
know what why don't you want to hold the
gun bang bang bang I think he just
killed himself
I think we're dry boys just commit
suicide ok we share one final question
ok that person's dead kid oli white and
shane dawson fuck on this couch haha
good they go outside and watch or talk
to me is it outside machine burgers
turned on the TV and the light ATAR was
on the TV ha ha this is a potato outside
your door yeah no I'm just jealous ok
that makes it better
do you have a snapchat imagine that we
could snapchat at a time message me I'm
16 no we can't we got to stop all right
guys go that was a stark innocence
Simeon almost getting some how do you
feel I now know how to flirt and pick up
girls thanks to your amazing advice and
I now know how the smaller your penis is
compared to Mike what only two inches
small I mean that's quite a lot right
quite a lot but 10 that's like that's a
bit ridiculous all right guys go now
check out his channel subscribe and
check out the video of us shocking each
other it was fucking horrible
Shane loved it ok Shana death I hate you
and I hated it also uh your thumbs up
we've done a comment saying what we
should ask simsimi next and go buy my
fucking book because it's nine dollars
fucking buy it right yeah it's a I've
even ready yet but it's a great book now
you have to hold it and you have to say
this is the best book I've ever read in
my entire life everybody should buy one
hello my name is oli white and I've read
chains book I hate myself it's really
great
but I hate myself II uh oh I sorry I
can't read and I can't read ha ha I hate
myself II what's it about
you know fucking fuck the guys later bye
bye
but what color do you see yourself as
what the pause this
