I feel more than anything that I
certainly me I am excited I am enthused
to take on this new challenge I'm
incredibly honored to have been chosen
for this amazing opportunity this
amazing exclusive opportunity you only
really have to take it as seriously as
possible and that's what I've decided to
do really kind of the New York the
Arctic the artistic approach that I'm
taking with this as I want I wish I what
I want you to think ears just don't for
red this is my boy I'm addressing we
live in five four three two hello good
evening good night and good morning
depending on what time zone you're in I
don't we have a lot of international
viewers with us today because with me I
have a very special guest Alex from
Target I wound the dress the stress has
recently come I mean not only famous
infamous overnight due to the power of
the internet how does it feel to have
become infamous overnight as you can see
it could be a dress is an unaccustomed
to this level of fame a little bit
camera shy let's loosen this up a little
bit let's happy no fun just chitchat is
there anything that you'd like to talk
about specifically yeah I mean it can be
fun it can be selling you know yes we
should probably get right to the heart
of the matter
you know I know that this is 2015
and we kind of moved beyond this I would
like to think we've moved beyond this as
culture as a nation but what color do
you see yourself as it's dress it's
because it's a dress I mean I know it's
a dumb dress dress well we're gonna
dress is don't talk are you laughing do
you think this is a game what color do
you see what color do you see when you
look at dress look at this you have to
see snow and you'll know what color you
seems terrific I'm sorry I'm sorry i
overlay I think I'm just a little bit
sensitive about this because I'm
colorblind
