hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to you what the fuck news my name is des
train it was my birthday last week yeah
I know right
getting closer to my imminent death is
great but this is what the fuck news we
talked about the super weird ass news
that you might have missed in the last
week but then again you might not have
missed it because the first thing that I
want to talk about today is everything
that happened at the Oscars the Oscars
of course being the award show that
thinks it's hilarious never to give
Leonardo DiCaprio an award seriously the
only Australian are DiCaprio will ever
win is actor most likely never to get an
Oscar and then somehow even then Meryl
Streep will probably still win it yeah
they could probably fill a pool with
Leonardo DiCaprio's tears at this point
not a joke but the highlights of the
Oscars this year was pretty much the
fact that Neil Patrick Harris hosted it
and added some very much needed partial
nudity to the award show as well as his
amazing opening remarks tonight we honor
Hollywood's best and whitest sorry
brightest
ah that's some good old-fashioned family
racism but as for the awards this year a
lot of people were surprised with the
results as for Oscars actually went to
the movie Birdman which I personally
have not seen but everyone is telling me
to see it because apparently it's really
fucking good but it it seems like every
year more and more Oscars go to people
in movies I've never heard of and now
I'd like to announce the winner for the
Award for Best Actor and the award goes
to squabbling Ridge penis where it is
worth on the ruby guacamole qu and now
the Award for Best Director goes to to
my French Walker boys work up a booty
boner soon no just me okay anyways
congrats to the winners and also
congrats to Benedict Cumberbatch for
drinking out of a flask at the Oscars
stop being so awesome Exton what the
fuck news Valentine's Day was last week
and in peach you didn't get anything for
a significant other nothing will say I
love you more than an edible chocolate
anus what the fuck yeah now apparently
thanks to the company edible anus is
based out of britain you can now send or
receive your very own chocolate butthole
but the company says is carefully
handcrafted from their very talented
butthole model God that must be
embarrassing to tell people your job
title so Samantha what do you do um well
I'm actually a a butthole model yeah I
just get up on a table and spread my
butthole apart and then people make that
into edible chocolate treats hey where
you going I for one will probably not be
ordering any chocolate bun holes anytime
soon and I can only imagine they
probably taste pretty shitty okay
seriously fun now you need to get out of
my video there boy these will probably
make a really crap gift get the fuck out
of here man sorry about that anyways it
more with the buck new sexual predator
they're everywhere
sorry if I scared you by the way but a
man was arrested after was lured by a
police officer to thinking he was
chatting with a fourteen-year-old girl
online after the police officer took a
picture of his bent arm that the man
then thought was a picture of a vagina
what Tina this guy's never seen a vagina
in his life or this police officer just
has the sexiest bent arm in the entire
world
even ones pretty unsettling but
apparently the 28 year old elementary
school janitor went to a forums on a
site called motherless calm using the
screen name bone man and trying to creep
on some ladies and instead started
chatting with the state trooper that the
man
believe was a fourteen-year-old girl
that's when bone man I'm assuming very
creepily asked Hank and he sent me a
picture of your vagina to which the
state trooper who in fact did not have a
vagina very cleverly snapped a picture
of his bent arm and sent it to him where
he then sent back a picture of his penis
which led to his arrest okay
first why would a fourteen-year-old girl
be on a site specifically for terrible
people to be terrible people secondly
who would send pictures to a dude named
bone man oh man real charming there's a
real keeper right there and third it's
probably really embarrassing and gross
to think that this guy probably
literally masturbated to a picture of a
dudes elbow this is not a vagina it
looks nothing like it you know from what
I read that is we don't even know what a
vagina even is what is it some sort of
ornament I don't know not know a fucking
idea luckily though bone man is rotting
in prison and instead of eating
chocolate buttholes is probably tongue
deep in a man named Greg god I love
justice and lastly in some movie news I
could talk about the Netflix legend
Iselle the TV show adaptation that's
said to be coming out in the near future
that adds a pretty diehard fan of Zelda
pretty and on the fence about it I could
talk about the picture of the Zack
Snyder leaked on his Twitter of the
first look at Jason Momoa as Aquaman but
I think that those things can be topped
with this story a trailer was just
released recently of a movie called
alien tampon which is a story of alien
blood that leaks onto a girl's tampon
and turns her into a ravenous killing
machine
I know you're thinking you're probably
like it has to be fake there is an
official Twitter Facebook and trailer
for this thing this is seriously a movie
I'm just gonna say it though at least
this movie is original and not a remake
or a reboot or a sequel of something
else in Hollywood also who would put a
neon green tampon in their vagina yeah
this is probably fake why just want
anyways no this has been what the fuck
news my question for you guys today is
what is your favorite lean on Anna
Caprio movie and if you don't want to
answer that would you eat a chocolate
butthole leave your answers in the
comments down below all today's stories
as always in the description down below
as well as all of my league story that
go make sure to check out my newest
video at youtube.com slash captain desta
its recently put up a video about almost
puking on my viewers hey Jay can you
sign me yeah would have been bad make
sure to click here to check that video
out or you can check out the link in the
description anyways guys I will see you
next week for another one to fuck news
and Fairwinds
