oh my god I'm so sorry I didn't see you
there
it's okay don't worry about it no like I
didn't see you
you didn't even fucking exist to me
isn't that crazy
hey there guys I'm here with me and we
are going to do the gross nasty smelling
Oh challenge that's what I call dating
you on your channel we're going to do
the stupid fucking spoiled bitch
challenge with a nasty pussy I'm kidding
I love you
plus he's nasty though so I got some
scratches sniff stickers at Walgreens
because I'm 26 and I decided that it
would be fun if on my channel we smelt
some on your channel smells this is our
life yeah and they're all gross you're
gross
that's my only joke I'm not exciting I
opened one of the packages my hands
still smell like it oh that literally
smells like somebody went youyou do that
all the time I do it all the time
whenever I go pee in a public bathroom
for some reason I pee and then I go
let's play okay so we're gonna do for my
channel for in your channel you wanna go
first yeah tell me what it is I think
you have to scratch it first oh right
okay oh it smells like okay it smells
like a mixture of gasoline ooh and
Rihanna's perfume why you know that is
so bizarre
but I love it i swatched them I'll give
you hit cuz baby er oh it does smell
like gasoline oh wait what does kid airy
have to do with it cuz baby a paper bag
floating through the wind doesn't that's
it firework yeah and my hands smell like
it out you would think maybe even smell
good but feels terrible
wait bread on your hands no no no well
though it's the first time your hands
have ever smelled like something
exploded in it it's usually in my butt
you're trained all right close your eyes
sounds pretty easy to me grow this it's
gonna be gross I know it
oh fuck no oh ha ha hey I actually this
is the night right this is a actual
nightmare is it pickle yeah good job and
some
these like gross smelly things before
that pickle scent oh that is that
actually got into my stomach I don't
know what child would want these what
the point of this would be oh you smell
better than that
next hit alright give me something good
you ready oh my god that just took me to
a dark place ah tell me about it
it smells haunted think it smells like
oh that's a good assessment oh it smells
like jewelry box so many memories Oh
creepy phylidia uh it smells like white
my butt and also loose
snack Wells fat-free cookies I'll take
ten oh is it
grandma it's your grandma oh my god I
just want her part of my life again I
love it I don't understand it but I love
it remember that time you told me that I
remind you of your god muscle that was
when you were wiping my butt Chris yeah
okay it was this one for us know why I
love grandma this could be grandpa I'm
so sick ha ha ha ha okay okay I get the
point
it's like onion design-in I don't know
it's onion or garlic it's a something oh
my god oh ha ha ok I gotta hear it
onion is oh can we like I did it
literally suppose I got dragged out of
the gym and then I pee and I sniff I
think oh but then I go and I don't I'm
so nauseous
ragged doodle letter guys go if you want
to see more terrible why we do this to
ourselves maybe is like it yeah if you
can lot more of this go over to her
channel subscribe check it out they're
gonna be even grosser over there because
I saved a very special life it's
probably shit flavored you always do
that
dammit you're gonna literally open your
ass hood up don't get it away as you
guys look me up on him cuz we're
deviating as it comes off as smelly
thumbs up yeah and I don't fucking know
subscribe my nigga do videos ever did
you say I'm naked in videos I don't okay
I like that shit oh yeah I can't stop
and I won't stop maybe if I cut off all
my hair people finally my hot care about
me those are the real lyrics
