do you want everything you're never
gonna get you fat piece of shit yeah hey
what's up you guys welcome to salon day
Shan I've always wanted to be a
hairdresser did I just say that out loud
today I thought it'd be fun if I lived
out my fantasy and cut somebody's hair
but because none of my friends wanted to
do it because they have brains in their
heads I decided to get somebody plastic
so here comes Trisha Paytas I'm kidding
the only thing fake about her is her
boobs and her lips and her hair she
might have a glass eye back to the
haircut I got this little Barbie at the
store and John the lady did not want to
sell it to me because well I'm a grown
man and this is creepy but I told her no
no don't worry I can do anything gross
with it I'm just gonna cut off all of
its hair and make a video on YouTube
then she threw it at me and told me to
get the fuck out you're all mine yeah so
I'm gonna start by taking the hair down
the up to is nice I'm gonna give her
that definitely a prom look and it's
kind of a prom look from where I went to
school because half her body's cut off
and she was dumped off somewhere I went
to a rough school I guess I should act
like a real stylist and you know it's
good questions about her lies ask about
her boyfriends ask her what happened to
the other half of her so Barbie tell me
though can oh he didn't oh I can't
believe he would cheat on you wondering
we cheated on you with alright so let's
start by you know just giving her trim
so the way I always thought it would
work is if you just took all the hair
and then just like you know just cut it
off bitch oh it's already looking so
good
and I can't stop and I won't stop
maybe if I cut off all my hair people
finally my half care about me those are
the real lyrics I kind of feel like I
should leave her with a little bit of a
mullet because you know Ken cheated on
her so she's gonna try something else
now Barbie if you're gonna try out girls
I recommend Hannah Hart she's a chef
here on YouTube and I think she would
like you she's also the only lesbian I
could think of at the moment which is
sad I really don't know that many
lesbians Wow I should work on that
alright I'm a little looking good how
are you feeling fucking terrible play so
now
we have the cut done we're gonna add
some color now I want to start with
something really subtle so we're gonna
go with a neon blue oh my god Barbie
look this was made in Taiwan just like
you so let's give you something fierce
but also like good for going to work yes
honestly Barbie you're looking really
good now if you like one color isn't
enough so I want to put something even
more subtle so I'm gonna put the hot
pink that's orange
it's okay Barbie it looks good oh that's
perfect
oh my god you look like the cheetah
ma'am dangerous and cheesy and last but
not least forest green now I know this
is different from what you're used to
but you're gonna walk out there and
you're gonna show Ken what he's missing
which is a crazy ass colorblind bitch
let's just do the bangs that was
definitely her face alright how are you
feeling so far something terrible yeah I
love when you tell me stuff like that
now that we have your hair done we're
gonna add some makeup so I didn't really
have any like real makeup arty
so instead I just got crayons I'm like
the worst big sister EVER oh I'll make
it look so good for prom you wanted me
to pierce your eyebrows in your neck
right first things first you need some
brows bitch I want you to walk out there
and show all the men I think you smell
something funny yes bitch you know who's
not going to deal with you oh shit the
new Barbie try to tell her something
shady can't do it can you scared her and
your lipstick just isn't right enough so
I'm gonna go around it now I learn this
technique from Gigi gorgeous basically
make your lips look as huge as humanly
possible while also kind of making them
look like an alien stay gorgeous and
last but not least I want to give you a
really subtle chest tattoo perfect you
look beautiful oh wait don't leave
without your hat oh oh bitch hen does
not know what he's missing but he knows
what he has now so go out there and get
your new man what up kid well no we're
doing me my man a damn bitch
well that just got dark all our guys go
that was me give him Barbie a makeover
we had a lot of intense shit to work
through down in the comments let me know
what chest tattoo would you get that's a
dumb question all to make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe I
make new videos every single day ah
they're not as weird as this I promise
all right Barbie's say bye oh now she's
trying to be quiet bitch see ya later we
are now shooting a porn come on man
judging my job was that noise it sounded
like we're talking on a dick like like a
bottom of the smoothie like a dick shot
yeah yeah like a Boba's job
