what you guys do this weekend awesome
ah good morning hey guys it is like 6:00
I'm so tired
vlogging in my car people are laughing
me I don't care that woman is also
eating an egg Oh get it girl
yes I'm so tired it is the last day of
filming the short film to promote the
book and um well I mean it's not just to
promote the book well yeah it is but
it's also something I want to do for a
long time which is getting fancy but
it's almost over today's the last day
but I'm so excited I never have to put
on that fucking fat suit again honestly
here's the thing yes number one it's
emotionally scarring number two it is
the worst thing ever listen it looks
great the makeup girl's amazing but it
is the worst thing ever the process is
fine but walking around all day with
this huge thing on my neck that feels
like it's choking me to death and it
feels like she has to put this glue all
over my face so it feels like I'm just
covered in like pimple cream which girl
that takes me back and then you know I
have a fat suit under that which is
interesting to get around in it's a lot
I had a five different panic attacks
yesterday but I had to keep telling
myself you did this to yourself Shane
very similar to how I felt in high
school you did this to yourself Shane
stop eating anyways I'm very excited
today is gonna be a fun one today is the
high school stuff so it's you know me
falling down on things
it's very Melissa McCarthy GG's playing
the mean girl
yeah it's getting really fun so take you
on the journey the big fat journey let's
go guys in here twice guys hey morning
what day is it so um how are you feeling
you like sad sauce too cuz I'm not I was
like plasti at high school which I
ditched you did you did I wanted to soap
up on her friend like why didn't ditch
Wilfred I just just think oh really my
mom said that she was like you know you
see home if you want house like no but
that's not fun and then my teacher when
I got there was like when the only
people and then my teacher goes oh yeah
you're just okay well I guess we can
hang out Shane that's the next short
phone well that we gonna fuck with my
teacher look guys I'm back in school
with my favorite lunch lady
and my favorite lesbian and my favorite
trash can full of fish dicks in ranch
yes this is the story of my life your
you're a real person this was my friend
Kelly in high school person a lesbian
yeah what does it feel like to play her
it's amazing I want to meet her now that
should be so those are the cool kids and
these are the not for sale oh I'm
feeling oh oh where do you think that
would be like what do you think like
well where is it
yup alright so I don't make those noises
I don't have slurps down you're dry you
know who isn't dry you guys excited to
throw up stomach we want you to really
throw up hey they're complaining about
the food you know those are really old
guys we're back we're back so you're
playing the mean girl yes named Amber
Mimi yeah so like how mean are you gonna
be to me in this I think I'm gonna push
it I mean it's the last scene I'm
filming so I want to like you know give
it give it your all give it my all and
win that Tony Award Melanie would not it
well for YouTube it's called the
streaming oh yeah when that Streamy
award have you been prepared to become a
mean girl today I just went back to my
high school roots because I had my mean
days but I think that Amber is gonna
push the limit hella key word probably
mean no I mean I think everyone was a
little bit mean in high school we were
all like immature and teenagers and
wanted to be the best true I was kind of
Mia but I was only mean behind people's
back yeah that's usually how it is
that's not even the teenage thing I
think I've even grown up to do that shit
nowadays true look at my girl ugly bitch
over there fucking so gross oh Jesus she
went on a house like that
hey girls would you go out with me oh my
god I am so sorry I didn't see you there
guys we just finished and oh my god you
were so funny thank you dying we all
died I had a full night I think I
laughed I think I ruined when it takes
so fucking Danny to you about your
acting debut oh my god I love it I think
the second time around the second day of
filming before it was easier I don't
know I'm just glad I was supposed to be
funny you know it's always good when
you're supposed to be funny and you are
I think we made for Shane you know it's
so much pressure like we made Mean Girls
3 right well the 2 is horrible so it
needed we needed a trilogy oh my god
Mean Girls 3 you're Richie and roars I
don't know who you'd be know you'd be on
the key to gay to function he was the
big one and you have the fat suit on
without the fat suit ug Gretchen weiners
we are now shooting a porn come on man
drug do my job no it sounded like I went
on a dick like like a bottom of a
smoothie like a dick shot yeah yeah like
a bulbous job that looks like he just
has so many pubes yeah like a big brush
Bush I go boar eye and action huh it's
the end of the day and I just got my
face taken off and move it fucked me up
oh my god I look horrible not as bad as
I looked earlier but still horrible I
posted a picture of me in a fat suit on
Instagram somebody commented and said
that moment when you can't tell if it's
a skit or a throwback Thursday oh my
life is sad anyways yes the video is
over I'm gonna go home edit this shit
and hopefully it'll be up soon I'm
really really excited I'm so proud of it
hope you guys love it I we put so much
fucking work at this I mean you saw a
lot of work a lot of money a lot of time
a lot of whatever is happening on my
neck right now and I really really hope
that you guys loved it and supported to
know by the book but in all honesty I
really just hope you guys love it and
maybe I'll do more chapters from the
book maybe I'll be in a fat suit again
so don't make me be in a bad suit again
you guys I love you hope you have fun
hang with me shooting videos with me I'd
fun shooting that video with you and
I'll see you tomorrow I also just look
at the Oompa Loompas those are little
mother fucking killers if I've ever seen
you trust that also look at what I want
good who the fuck would trust that guy
he looks like a janitor in a prison
actually I would trust him I have a lot
of issues
