Wow I can practically smell the bathroom
abortions no it's covered by the smell
of roofie burps nice one hey what's up
you guys yes it is time again for one of
my conspiracy theory videos where we get
all kinds of creepy and all kinds of
covered in pubic hair and dandruff
because I'm sitting on the floor today
we're going to be talking about movie
conspiracies now I'm gonna warn you
there's a couple today that are really
scary and there's also one that I'm
still debating whether or not I'm going
to talk about because it involves actual
death so buckle up it's gonna be an
uncomfortable ride kind of like if you
ordered an uber and then your mom hold
up god that's uncomfortable conspiracy
theory number one and the movie three
men and a baby there's a scene where
there seems to be a little ghost boy in
the background and nobody knows where he
came from now I'm gonna show you the
clip and I'm gonna let you decide if you
see it for momentarily had her Lassie
didn't catch it
let's slow it down
okay now listen I don't know about you
but that shit makes my whole button go
that's scary shit in the world can you
imagine like you're directing a movie
you're like alright great guys we got it
and then go into the editing ban you're
like alright pull up that stupid-ass
scene with that old bitch and that one
guy in that baby and then boom Grudge I
wouldn't sleep for weeks so the story
goes that supposedly a little boy died
in the apartment that they were shooting
in now supposedly one of the producers
of the movie made up a story being like
oh no we didn't actually shoot in a real
apartment it was a soundstage like no no
there was no ghosts or was no ghosts but
a lot of the cast was like no we shot
this in an apartment and uh we felt the
fucking presence bitch so I don't know
if they're trying to cover their ass or
what but a little ghost stuck in an 80s
movie god that's depressing now this
next one is kind of fun but also creeped
me out a little bit and it is that Toy
Story is literally the same as The
Walking Dead or I guess because Toy
Story came first
The Walking Dead would be the same I'm
confused here's how it goes now listen
there's a lot of evidence to this so I'm
not going to go through the whole thing
but I'll give you the highlights both of
them have the hero which is the sheriff
both of them have a group of misfits the
sheriffs both have a child that they
love more than anything
the sheriff's best friend is a super
manly officer of the law then the kid
grows fond of the hero's best friend the
hero gets mad they have a big fight and
eventually the best friend is killed
both have an annoying ass cowgirl an
annoying ass old man with walking sticks
and an annoying ass gated community
where people are perfect and annoying as
fuck the communities also both have a
really nice Pleasant guy that's in
charge who turns out to be evil now
listen there's a whole lot of other
evidence I can go into but I'm not going
to because I think I've proved the point
and the point is I don't care but it is
creepy to think about speaking of
thinking about things I think about
suicide a lot while in the classic movie
The Wizard of Oz people thought that
there was a munch kid that actually
killed themselves while they were
filming and I just said munchkin which i
think is there any word what I meant was
little person that's what I meant
chill tumblr chill I'm going to show you
this video and you tell me if you see it
to me
didn't catch it
notice in the background you'll see
something swinging back and forth as if
it's being hung by a rope now listen
I've done a lot of research about this a
lot of people say that it's just a light
swinging in the background that like
fell off of something I don't know but a
lot of people do believe that it was one
of the little actors who really hated
being on that movie set probably because
they gave him a lollipop and said dance
midget dance which you know can't be fun
this next conspiracy will make you
rethink your entire childhood so the
movie Willy walk on the Chocolate
Factory is one of my favorites
mainly because it involves candy and
death now I know you're thinking Shane
nobody died in that movie um yes they
did and that's what this conspiracies
about so here's how it goes people think
that the secret ingredient in Wonka bars
are actually spoiled little children I
can confirm that that's true because I
had tasted a spoiled child before and
delicious I don't know if you remember
but in each scene of the movie one of
the kids and parents ends up
disappearing and they're like oh yeah no
they're fine they're somewhere else oh
we never see them at the end nothing
about this after Augustus and his mom
were dismissed the next part of the
movie they go in that little boat and
there was just enough seats for the
people that were left wouldn't there
have been two empty seats
unless Willy Wonka knew that two of them
were going to die also just look at the
envelope as those are little mother
fucking killers if I've ever seen them
you trust that also look at what they
want good who the fuck would trust that
guy he looks like a janitor in a prison
actually I would trust him have a lot of
issues now this last conspiracy theory
isn't really about a movie but it's
something I found today and I was so
disturbed by it that I was like fuck it
I'm gonna throw at it now this is one
about Michael Jackson now listen I love
Michael Jackson I think he's a genius
do I think he had a lot of problems oh
fuck yeah but he's dead so I don't want
to judge him and be an asshole so let's
just let him rest in peace let's also
talk about this conspiracy because it's
pretty interesting now there's a theory
that Michael Jackson was on some pretty
strong acne medication it was 12 years
old and it had a side effect that
stunted his puberty at his growth which
would explain why his voice is so high
there's a pretty big French doctor who
wrote an entire book about this because
he really believes it was true and
listen I'm going to be honest I believe
it too because there's a lot of acne
medication
that really fuck with people's minds and
their fucking chemistry and all that
shit
I mean accutane makes you suicidal so
why wouldn't in acne medication it's
done to your sexual growth makes sense
there's also a theory that Michael
Jackson is still alive there was a
picture taken right here somebody
thought it was him
unfortunately I'm pretty sure that's an
old lady or Bruce Jenner either way I'd
like to believe it well there you guys
go those are all my conspiracy theories
for today maybe a comment down below
telling me which ones you believe in and
which ones you think of bullshit also if
you like these kind of videos and you
want more of them then show me give me a
thumbs up also subscribe because I make
new videos every single day at you guys
I'm gonna go and remember don't believe
everything you see
barred bitchy name definitely but your
name give me like an insult real quick
you look like that oh wait is that too
much
