guys we just did a podcast with Brandon
Roger oh my god it was so much fun it
was fun we talked about a lot of
offensive things you're going to be
triggered hey what's up you guys yes
welcome back to another conspiracy
theory video now I just have to give you
guys a huge warning this video is going
to involve some incredibly dark and
deeply disturbing theories and some of
them aren't even theories some of them
involve suicide hurricane Harvey and
child molestation so I am warning you
upfront this is going to be very very
intense and possibly triggering a video
and if you want to click off and leave I
completely understand for those of you
who decided to stick around
I want you we're going to be talking
about the dark dark world of child
molesters in Hollywood so first let's
talk about Elijah Wood so Elijah is a
huge actor and he's most known for the
Lord of the Rings but he's been in
Hollywood since he was a little kid I
mean do you remember when he was really
little and he was in that movie flipper
what's his name his name is Phoebe well
not that long ago he came out and said
that he believes that there's a
conspiracy to cover up all of the big
Hollywood agents managers and directors
who are molesting young actors okay now
first let's talk about a documentary
that came out a couple of years ago
called an open now this documentary
talks about all the child abuse that
goes on in Hollywood that nobody talks
about it was even marketed as the film
Hollywood doesn't want you to see now
this isn't just some random documentary
that some like crazy conspiracy
theorists like me it would have made
this was directed by Amy Berg and she's
been nominated for an Oscar for another
documentary she made so clearly she
knows what she's talking about and the
stuff in this documentary is you'll get
signed by a label you can
on Disney Channel you know what kid
wouldn't want that right so there's a
bunch of stories in the documentary
about child stars who were molested by
their managers and their agents and
there's even one moment or one of the
child stars is secretly recording his
manager while he talks about him
molester
I remember the Adam ever did anything
with the guy before it was not
interested at 12:00 now one of the most
intense parts of the documentary is when
it tells the story of a man named Brian
the heck now Brian Peck is an actor
that's been in a ton of kids TV shows
you might remember him from all that
pickle boy his pickles taste bad well
allegedly while Brian was filming these
kids TV shows who is also molesting in
2004 Brian Pett was convicted of a lewd
act against a child and oral copulation
of a person under 16 now in the court
documents it says he was charged with 11
counts lewd act upon a child sodomy of a
person under 16 sexual penetration by a
foreign object and many more well he
served 16 months in prison and then he
was released now you would think after
that he would be banned from Hollywood
right two years later he was back on TV
and not just any TV he was back on kids
TV that's right after being convicted of
molesting a child they put him on a kids
show so in 2006 he had a part on the
suite life of zack & cody and the
creepiest part he played the voice of a
mirror that told underage kids how they
look
okay these are the nicest things I own
what do you think of this one
yeah literally the voice of Emir you can
see his name in the credits they weren't
even hiding it and the things they had
him saying as the mirror honestly feels
so creepy after you know his past I'm
here to take you on a little trip come
on step in to me okay thank you been
going to nothing on the glass cleaner
trust me on this sweetie have I ever
steered you wrong before yeah and then
there's even a part where she goes
inside of him
look the scariest part about all of this
if you go to his IMDB page he worked a
lot and most of them worked in shows and
for some reason nobody cares nobody's
firing him
nobody is saying no they are letting and
work now we're gonna talk about another
person in Hollywood that continues to
get work who is a child molester
have you seen the movie jeepers creepers
it's a movie about a monster that finds
people eats them and sucks the meat
right off their bones and what if I told
you that that movie was written and
directed by a convicted child molester
that's right
victor salva was convicted of sexual
misconduct with a twelve-year-old boy in
1988 now this is where it gets crazy
the twelve-year-old boy that he molested
was starring in a movie that Victor was
directing the movie was called clown
house and it was a horror movie about
three young boys who were being hunted
by a group of psychotic Klaus and if you
watch that movie and think about the
fact that the main character is actually
getting molested by the director it
makes it even so the star of clown house
was 12 year-old Nathan Forrest winters
now while they were filming the movie
Victor the director would ask Nathan to
stay after they were done shooting for
some extra rehearsals now during these
rehearsals Victor would force Nathan to
have sex with him and while they did it
Victor kept the cameras rolling he
wanted to keep the footage for his child
porn collection now eventually may
--then told his parents what was going
on and the cops raided Victor's house
they found a bunch of child porn
including the tapes
now Victor was sentenced to prison after
this and only had to serve 15 months
that's right
15 months for literally raping a 12 year
old that he was filming in a movie what
well you would think after that he would
be done nope seven years later he
directed a huge movie called powder yeah
a big-budget movie that was in theaters
was directed by him and it was produced
by you guessed it Walt Disney Company
yeah the same company that employed
Brian Peck on the suite life of zack &
cody after he molested kids now they're
giving this other molester a huge budget
movie well then years later Victor went
on to direct Jeepers Creepers and when
you know the backstory but a figure and
what he's done it makes that movie extra
scary especially the part where the
creeper is on the back of a school bus
and he's licking the windows while he
looks at underage kids
while now Victor has a new movie coming
out Jeepers Creepers the rain while
people are pissed so pissed that they
even canceled the premiere of the movie
and now it's not even getting like a
wide release I think it's literally only
going to be in one theater for like one
night well when Nathan Forrest winter
has found out that there was going to be
another Jeepers Creepers interview by
the man that molested him when he was 12
he said this it is my belief that we as
a whole in this country have been too
afraid to face such an unspeakable topic
and continue to turn a blind eye which
has allowed these predators of our
children to go unchecked for too long
now Nathan is lucky because he's alive a
lot of child stars who were molested
grow up I can't take their themselves
one of the most famous child stars who
took their own life was jonathan brandis
now when he was a kid he was in so many
movies he was in the neverending story
movies he even had a huge part in the
original it and he was incredibly
talented
while years later when Jonathan was 27
years old his depression got to that on
November 11th of 2003 he hanged himself
it was awesome to us now he did not
leave a suicide note but his friends
believe that his depression is about his
waning but many people look back and
wonder what happened how did an actor so
good grow up to be so depressed
Oh a 1995 he talked about the fear he
had losing his career it's a really
tricky time I've seen I've seen guys my
age my friends that I haven't been
working for a year because they got off
a show or they did a film and it came
out didn't do so and whatever it has
never been confirmed or suspected that
he was molested as a kid but honestly I
would not be surprised just look at some
of these professional headshots that
they had him take at such a young age
yeah shirtless and definitely under the
age of 18 and look at this one though
everything about that photoshoot makes
me super uncooked
now once again I'm not saying he was
molested but it definitely was being
taken advantage of
a lot of ways and unfortunately it ended
now this theory that Elijah Wood was
talking about but there's tons of child
molestation going on right under our
noses is still around I'm not gonna go
into it because I want to get sued but I
have heard so many stories of people
that I know who have been on sets with
young people who might be getting taken
advantage of and then when you bring it
to the attention of the executives or
the people in charge they had like a
crazy and they act like it's not real
but I think in Israel I think it goes
way deeper than we could ever imagine I
mean just like the poster for the new
descendants to Disney movie says long
live evil and evil it's definitely alive
alright so moving on from one incredibly
triggering conspiracy theory to another
we're going to be talking about
hurricane Harvey so hurricane Harvey has
been one of the biggest disasters in
history so many people have lost
everything and many are fighting to
survive well recently all the news
networks have been reporting non-stop
but not just the facts they are trying
to get as many stories as they can CNN
in particular as people questioning what
their motives are some people think that
all they care about is ratings and not
the actual survivors just check out this
clip of a CNN reporter talking to a
survivor but y'all try to interview
people during their worst times like
that not the smartest thing to do like
people are really breaking down and
y'all sitting here with cameras and
microphones trying to ask us what the
fuck is wrong with us well then
something else happened on CNN and it
was bizarre look at this get out dude so
while the CNN reporter was talking a
truck drove into a body of water and the
guy started to drown so then the
reporter ran off camera and went to see
hold on I'm trying to get you a rope and
then he saves the guy and instantly
starts interview experience this man
just accidentally drove into a ravine
that looked like a road didn't it yeah a
lot of people think that this was faked
and that it was staged
so CNN could get big story and get more
weeks so first I want to show you the
clip of the reporter running to go save
the guy and check out what colors Sean
sees where yeah khaki shorts okay
well now let's look at the clip of him
actually saving the guy welcome our
shorts is he wearing now all right so
you know ma'am yeah very confusing
literally khaki shorts and down my pants
so did they cut the camera when they
turn to the sign and then put him in a
different outfit and save the guy or was
that a stunt guy there's a lot of
questions now listen I am the world's
biggest conspiracy theorist and I love
venom this one I do not believe now I
believe that CNN has faked a lot of shit
but this one in particular is very
touchy and also there are these some
evidence to show that diary so CNN is
saying that the reporter and the
producer of this segment were both
wearing the same red jacket and you can
see it here they clearly are wearing the
same jacket so they think that the
person in the khaki shorts was actually
the producer and he was standing
watching everything happen now I believe
that I don't think this was fake I do
feel like it was weird that he
interviewed him right afterwards but CNN
should not be surprised that were
questioning this I mean how are we
supposed to believe anything we see on
the news considering how low they'll go
I understand what the microphones then
they might babe all right last but not
least we're gonna be talking about
something that I have not heard about be
getting an update on Marina Joyce so as
you remember about the 2016 save marina
Joyce was taking over the Internet
so Marina was a youtuber that make
videos in her bedroom and back before
the Safeway and joyce thing took over he
was pretty normal hi guys I said that I
would do a glitter eye makeup tutorial
for you guys because I think people like
to look at my place who you guys and I
really want to show you guys how I do my
like glitter eyes I think it looks
awesome alright so she talks a little
fast
little quirky but definitely nothing
worth worrying over well then a year
later videos like this started freaking
everybody out hey guys so today I'm
advertising star you and I'm advertising
their clothes so this is me just
advertising no codes now that video has
40 million views mainly because people
were so confused how did this normal
girl turn into this robotic person
that's when the theory started blowing
up the main theory was that there was
somebody keeping Brina captive and they
were drugging her and forcing her to
make videos to make money because most
of the video she was putting out at this
time were all sponsored by weird
companies and then in this shot you can
see she's filming with the product
there's a hand on the side of the frame
holding a cue card what to say and yeah
I love you guys so much it's the
clothing company that I'm advertising
and this is the dress that I'm wearing
yeah creepy and that's just one of the
theories there were millions well then
she did an interview for DeFranco where
you could tell maybe she was just
dealing with some stuff people stopped
worrying and started thinking well maybe
she's just going through it well then I
didn't hear anybody talking about her at
all and it's been a year I decided to go
back to her Channel and see what was
going on and I was shocked
Joyce is normal again hi guys today's
video is talking about am I pretty
enough so this is based around society
and society's beauty standards and I
just wanted to talk a little bit about
how everybody is beautiful yeah she's
speaking clearly she's acting normal
she's also making videos about topics
that are important and interesting I
mean look at this one she's even more
normal in this one hey guys today's
video I'm doing how I did my makeup in
high school and this is just an emo kind
of look so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this week what why is nobody talking
about this why hasn't nobody like oh my
god Marie Joyce is a person again I mean
literally a year ago she was like this
and this is my garden I'm going to show
you around my garden and now she's like
this hi my faithful people
today I'm doing a video called facts
about me wait what was that Illuminati
confirmed now I'm just kidding but in
all seriousness that was very intrigued
by this like this girl seemed to be
controlled by the Illuminati or the
government or drugs and now she is
literally fine totally normal
know what he's talking about it and
nobody's asking hey what happened so
then I went to her Twitter to see what
she was tweeting about and see if I
could make me drink message her and do
an interview with her and then I saw
this she recently tweeted life is very
hard and I'm so sorry if my life falls
to pieces and you don't see any more of
me anyone now this broke my heart for so
many reasons first of all this girl went
through some shit like we don't really
know what she went through but she went
through some shit and then she got her
life back together
she started posting normal videos again
she seems to be in a good place and now
there's something going on so I feel
like now more than ever we need to show
her support just send her something some
kind of love because I felt like she
would there's so much year ago the whole
internet was Colyer crazy fake and this
and that but then nobody talked about
when she caught it back together and
what she like became normal again
well dammit I'm talking about it marina
Joyce I ain't proud of you I don't know
what happened I would love to know more
but I am proud of you for turning around
and making videos affectionate messages
I'm sorry that was cheesy but I just
wanted to talk about well there you guys
go that was a lot once again I just want
to say I'm sorry if this triggered
anybody but honestly as a victim of
abuse myself I feel like it's important
to talk about it if you don't it just
keeps going unnoticed and I just felt
this video so hopefully you guys enjoyed
these conspiracy theories and hopefully
we didn't understand too much you want
more dog theories like this please let
me know give me a thumbs up and also
make sure to subscribe my channel hit
the notification bell because I make new
videos okay
and if you want to sell my other
conspiracy videos I'll put a link to a
playlist for the top bird screeching oh
I have some more fun ones so not like
Taylor Swift and Harry Styles and happy
ones
alright space I will see you tomorrow
don't read everything you see
