Smith are you trying to have sex with me
yes ads of you guys yes I'm in England
right now very excited to be here all of
these British posters behind me and we
are starting day one of my short film
for fat prom I don't really know what
it's called yet I wrote it I still don't
know what it's called and right now I'm
about to get into my fat makeup and my
face just came in the mail here it is oh
oh
I spent a really dark place I can't get
out um you're helping me today what's
your name Devon Devon what are you most
excited about I'm most excited to make
you fat that you sound just like my
mother
perfect and I'm dark hey I can't do too
much that I want you to move your face
but yeah I don't want to run I want to
make myself look bad it looks good it's
really good I feel really good about
myself
happy and ready for lunch I'm ready what
do we have uh bagels mm-hmm bread are we
storing this all on my neck you look
great that's some cream cheese in there
if you want it's gonna be good what do
you what are you most excited about I'm
just this all working with Gigi gorgeous
I've been portrait there I'm excited
boom boom I'll make sure it happen here
she's a firecracker she's a firecracker
she's a firecracker
oh yeah it's gonna be exciting thank you
for making all my dreams come true both
of you yay oh my god I look like Rosie
O'Donnell wait let's see if the Facebook
angles really work
oh look good Oh God hey buddy hey all
right guys I'm fat and pretty uh and
look who I'm here with him here was
Jeremy and I'm here with Gigi is this
your acting debut mm-hmm
is this really like have you ever like
played like a character on camera let me
know I think it is I think it is but I'm
honored to be in your video thank you um
so okay so your character's name is
amber she's the queen bee of school but
she's like smart though how are you
getting into it um I'm honestly just
going back like years because they feel
like
that's how I was in high school but I'm
just being a little bit bitch here
because I feel like she's a little bit
me definitely me I'm definitely mean her
name is Amber which I'm very bitchy name
definitely but your name give me like an
insult real quick
you look fucking fat oh my gosh yeah so
guys we're about to film really excited
I'm gonna put on my fat suit and I'm
gonna kill myself see you soon guys I'm
finally going to prom look I have a date
a real date I love my boyfriend oh I'm
so much better Jamie to this big it
almost killed you
dad you cry now I'm into big people
sitting on me that's a big right I think
so I think they did you porn for that
yeah shallow hell I'll just sit on you
and you know make me huh you guys look
at the prom oh my god oh it's like the
real pearl except for I'm not crying
right now in the parking lot oh my god
how are you feeling I'm terrified
I get prom we're bad guys we're back
it's Gigi's big acting debut I'm excited
I hope she has to fuck it up
rolling all right guys buy it on set
everyone party it up you slow dance
party and Here We Go and action Gigi
myopathy your bag
I knew it sounds great guys you did it
your first take yeah how did it feel
scary
great we laughed everybody laugh good
good and then you thought we were
laughing cuz it was bad like I don't
know how it's like four words I was like
well how do I say it you gave us
different takes each time love said
living living killing avi and action
Shane and with that she was sucked up in
the 20 year old pussy I didn't see you
till the end of the night I looked
around the room to see what I could do
to fill my time there was a dance circle
no fucking thank you it was a photo
booth with props over to the other side
right ahead there was a dessert table
with a chocolate fountain fuck yeah no
this is making my old fat self come out
oh the butcher knife in the peanut
butter all the memories the box of
doughnuts ah they're almost gone it's
just like I remembered it honestly being
this big in a fat suit is really fucking
with my brain it's making me really
depressed you're at my to my childhood
I'm gonna take that butcher knife ala
peanut butter and stab myself with it
but it's all worth it right huh yeah
totally sketches uh asking them all to
damn
a lesbian circle do that yes bitch the
lesbian dances are everything
oh my god we're literally making the
wedding ring the best day of my life is
the end of day one and I finally get to
take off the fat suit oh my god I'm so
excited
get off me almost oh we're so close oh
my god
isn't this a porn stars make their
rubber pussies molding their badges
that's not glue don't put glue in there
they put seaweed in there actually mmm
that's delicious
are you scared
you think it's gonna go terrible I think
I'm gonna be sweating I'm gonna diary
all over myself only when you come out
I'll save it
