oh my god I'm so sorry I didn't see you
there
it's okay don't worry about it no like I
didn't see you
you didn't even fucking exist to me
isn't that crazy
ah hey guys I am about to leave to go to
do a talk show for Josh DTV he's a
fellow youtuber my own him for a while
and now he has his own little show and
I'm gonna be the first guest on it and I
hope I completely ruin his career
one of my body parts is gonna come
flying out and I don't care I'm just
kidding it's gonna be great and I'm
really excited it's fun there's a bunch
of youtubers there and I'm gonna vlog
the whole experience we're just not
gonna talk about that I don't know what
that is it's not a pimple it's kind of a
scab it might be a burn it might be a
tick I don't really know but pretend
like it's not there except for the fact
that it's eating my fucking face let's
go do the joke here we go it's your big
day it's your big are you nervous I'm
very scared I'm do you think it's gonna
go terrible I think I'm gonna be
sweating I'm gonna diarrhea all over
myself only when you come out I'll save
it okay you'll be fine cuz your jacket
red I'll be fine cuz my lips are red
life everyday ladies oh my go to bed
with that does she ever do it like oh
yeah it's like it's like she like nice
gimme doin don't ever do that ever
Lincoln Lee thing I can't oh this is
gonna be great
nice the show is over and look who I
found
oh okay so I guess this is close are we
gonna do to a collab this year so I
guess I better take advantage of it no
what are we gonna do what Chum there's
the naked person what is happening where
are we we're at the o2l house um what
Challenger we're gonna do last a video
it have to be a dick well they'll do is
challenge we'll come up with something
something crazy something crazy comment
leave down below what channel and should
we do something there's a lot about this
room I know where everyone's happy
everyone's happy cave yeah I don't know
when this goes up but hopefully soon
because of our Valentine's Valentine's
Day okay guys so I finished the talk
show it was a lot of fun and now I'm
here with my favorite person ever Laurie
hi she gave me a lot of business advice
oh yes I think uh we're gonna make a
product together we don't know what it
is but it's gonna make us both but Jill
well you're already a bajillion here
it's gonna make me a semi bajillion it's
unlike the Chilean know what do you
think I should make a selfie stick but
there already is a selfie stick well
it's gonna be your selfies it'll be
extra long to make us look extra good
that's right it'll go to the moon from
above down only it's a foggy stick
walking stick you know and I'll shoot it
down get you lose like 20 pounds
and look at us we look like teenagers I
guess we're gonna do something it's
gonna be really fun and I love you
you're the best oh hi Roz yes all I want
to do is go home and go to sleep I can't
cuz I need to edit so much shit oh but
it was such a fun day I'm gonna finish
it off by editing my brain is broken
what am I talking about
oh I'm saying good bye good bye guys
hope you had fun today I had such a
great day the talk show was fun seeing
Colleen again was good hanging out with
glozell was great Josh obviously Laurie
I fucking love her so much she is the
smartest woman I know and every time I
hang out with her she gives me such
great advice it's nice to have like a
business mentor like somebody who really
understands business and money and just
things that I don't know that many
people that really get it like she does
but I might hang out with her I leave
and I'm like inspiring I'm like I'm
gonna work harder I'm gonna do this and
do this and do this and just love her so
much she wants to do a video a collab so
I'm excited to try to come up with some
ideas she's like dude let's do something
funny and crazy I'm like bitch you
talking to the right person
anyways having to go hopefully you guys
had a fun day watching my dumbass day I
had a fun day showing you my day my
brain is done the fuck am I talking
about
alright I wouldn't go I love guys
building really oh my god what if Kris
Jenner is an alien okay you know what I
take it back as messy and gross as a
family is if Kris Jenner comes out and
says hey guys I'm a fuckin alien in
people's skin she will be an icon for my
alien people
