and I hear my head game Edna Edna table
is potato and all of a sudden I go Dame
Edna Lizabeth Taylor hey what's up you
guys so today I want to talk about
something that I've been wanting to talk
about for a while I just didn't really
know how to do it because I didn't want
it to sound really random but luckily
Bruce Jenner you know the news about him
came out recently and it's kind of the
perfect transition for me to ah
transition see what I did there I didn't
even know I did it but I did it it's
perfect transition to talk about
transgender so I've been obsessed with
this for like 15 years I mean I saw my
first documentary about people who were
transgendered back scott 15 years ago
maybe it was about a guy in college who
wanted to be a woman and dealing with
telling his family and having everybody
in his life tell me is crazy and you
know back then it was crazy I mean
everybody was like people weren't
accepting gays but they were like they
got it they were like listen I don't
believe in it but like I get it the idea
of thinking you're another like feeling
like you're another person inside that
she was like to most people I always
kind of got it I was always like yeah I
get that mainly because I would run
around my house wearing towels up my
head pretending to be a woman that's
another topic no I I understood it
because I I feel like we're one way to
the public but then all of us have this
secret version of ourselves inside that
we don't really show anybody
so the idea to me even as a kid like oh
somebody feels a different way inside
than they're portraying on the outside
was never confusing to me and I always
understood it so luckily in 2015 it is
acceptable I mean it's still an uphill
battle and there's still people that are
horrible and beautiful but for the most
part I mean as a nation in a world I
think a lot of us are a lot more like oh
I understand I get it and I think with
Bruce Jenner this whole thing even
though he hasn't officially said
anything yet maybe by the time I put
this video up but you know his whole
family everybody's pretty his mom
everybody's pretty much said yes he's
transitioning and we were supporting him
and I am so excited about it because I
said this on my podcast like a year ago
I said if Bruce Jenner actually
transitions publicly talks about it I
don't know does reality show about it
whatever it is
shows it he will become an icon for the
rest of I mean for forever for the
transgender community forever even
though that family is messy and gross
and horrible and that mother is just a
witch woman a demon in people's skin
ah a person who's transitioning into a
devil even all of that he will forever
be an icon in an inspiration I mean it's
insane to think about the fact that in
2015 a dude who won the Olympics who has
a family who has been publicly a man for
so long and now he's deciding to be as
true self is pretty amazing pretty
insane and incredible and the fact that
youtubers now I mean you have GG you
have people on YouTube who are so open
about it you look at the comments and
there's not that many you know fuck you
you man or you have a dick there's not
that many of those comments there are
some because people are assholes but not
as much as there would have been 15
years ago so it's pretty cool I don't
know kind of want to talk about it and
talk about how things have changed I'm
pretty fascinated by how things can
change so quick makes you wonder like
what's going to happen in 15 years from
now you know is everything going to be
acceptable it should be granted there
are certain things that I think will
never be acceptable like me believing in
aliens
I believe it but other people think I'm
crazy for it although what if an alien
came down from fucking another planet
and was like I'm here bitches and then
we're like all right change right oh my
god what if Kris Jenner is an alien okay
you know what I take it back as messy
and gross as a family is if Kris Jenner
comes out and says hey guys I'm a fuckin
alien in people skin she will be an icon
for my alien people what is this video
about
oh yeah a huge important topic let's get
back on yeah so Bruce Jenner if you're
watching this which I don't know why you
would be I'm proud of being and I'm
excited for what this is going to do for
the world if it's a huge deal and I'm
proud of you guys watching because I
think all of us have evolved to become
very much less judgmental and much more
open to people being themselves and
that's really fucking cool and I'm
excited excited for this generation
well the generation below me cuz I'm old
you know what I'm saying right let's
talk about aliens again I'm gonna go
just wanted to have a little
conversation question of the day nothing
really you know are you excited are you
excited about Bruce talking about this
cuz supposedly this documentary is
coming out I'm excited about it alright
guys be yourself and hopefully this can
help you hopefully Oh Bruce is doing
what Gigi and all these are
amazing people are doing help you if
you're feeling like on the inside you're
a different person hopefully you can let
it out like a firework I almost just
started quoting Katy Perry that means
it's time to go I love you guys
once again this was not a homoerotic
experience it was more of a secretly
unwrapping your Christmas gifts on
Christmas Eve experience I just want to
rip off all of his clothes and rub his
twin body all over mine and take a bunch
of selfies
