hey guys guess what I'm here with oh my
god it's me trust man you know I just
did a podcast and we talked a lot of
shit in a fun way and we talked about
our favorite foods oh oh and sauces in
our favor look go check it out right now
it's in the link down there so I'm glad
that cops will change hey listen guys so
obviously you guys know that my new book
I hate my selfie is on sale now I
thought today would be fun if I read you
guys one of my favorite chapters from it
so instead of just reading the chapter
I'm gonna kind of look at it and tell
you the story and incorporate some of
the sentences because this kind of be
weird if I'm just reading to you right
it's a little weird this chapter is
called my length with told you it was
weird so you know when you walk around
the city and you're like staring at
other guys bodies and comparing them to
yours no just me okay cool this is
something I've been doing ever since I
was a little kid you know I would walk
around the city and I would stare at
guys if you like that what my body looks
like am i that fat am i that skinny is
that what my legs look like nah it
wasn't like a sexual thing it was more
of like a I wonder if they have the same
fat fold about their privates as I do
kind of thing well one day a few years
back I was lying in bed contemplating
whether or not I was gonna brush my
teeth but instead I decided to say fuck
it and watch 12 hours of children's
television I was eight hours into some
terrible Disney show and then I noticed
something one of the guest stars on the
show had my legs they were chubby they
were white at the hip they were shaped
like a pork chop it was me I was
convinced that he was my long-lost twin
and I was gonna do anything I could to
find him so I did what any 23 year old
man would do I looked him up on IMDB I
found his Twitter I tweeted him until he
followed me so I could direct message
him to set up a time to meet yep totally
sane so he started direct messaging each
other well after some small talk
conversations he asked me if I wanted to
hang out and let me just say it was like
I was a 12 year old girl when I was
being asked out by my crush they said
that wasn't interested in him at all I
just wanted them big pork chop eyes the
next day I pulled up to the coffee shop
we were gonna meet I looked up and saw
them standing right in front of me they
were thick sausage tin to a tight pair
of jeans and more beautiful than I could
ever imagine they looked even fatter in
person just like mine unfortunately he
wasn't as creepy and body obsesses me so
he was only looking at my face hey Shane
oh hey this is so weird man I've been
watching you online for a while now oh
really cool I've been watching you too
really on what your Disney show are you
23 who wants coffee we sat down and made
small talk but I wouldn't be honest I
don't know
it I was too busy staring at his nipples
that I could see through his exercise
shirt wondering if they had the same
black spots around them as mine started
undressing in with my mind I'm gonna be
honest it got real creepy once again
this was not a homoerotic experience it
was more of a secretly unwrapping your
Christmas gifts on Christmas Eve
experience I just want to rip off all of
his clothes and rub his twin body all
over mine and take a bunch of selfies a
waitress walked over and asked what we
wanted I was secretly hoping you would
order the same thing as me you know just
to prove it working to what happened was
a total opposite and what would you boys
like today I will take an order of fries
with extra ranch on the side and a diet
coke with charity of it how old are you
10 and he watches the Disney Channel oh
he must be the slow brother huh she
thought we were brothers perfect and
what would you like baby can I just get
a grilled chicken breast with no oil and
no butter no sauce of course die cope
with that oh god no
that stuff will kill ya oh no oh no no
no this is not taking a good turn we're
not brothers we're not even in the same
force two family trees she walked away
and I just stared at him in silence I
didn't know what to say
so uh you want a diet oh no way I don't
consider it a diet I consider it more of
a lifestyle what the fuck is this this
is not my twin oh cool
so you've always eaten like that oh yeah
your body's a temple man you got to keep
it clean right temple right so you used
to be fat right yeah how did you know
that you made a video about it he also
retweet a lot of pictures of food porn
it's actually kind of sad sometimes
Yuri posted a picture of raw cookie
dough last night at 3:00 a.m. bro yeah
it was a tough day she come to work out
with me sometime work out Oh God you
ever got an itch on your back that just
can't reach and this was the moment when
all my dreams came crashing down as he
went to scratch his back his shirt
lifted up and revealed something that I
was not expecting a motherfucking
six-pack this guy wasn't soft this guy
was hard harder than a priest during a
baptism how does a body so fit look so
soft in clothing
why does my body look like shit
and clothed I had so many questions
flying around my head that I started
seeing stars I'm gonna go to the
bathroom I'll be right back as he walked
up to go to the bathroom I really stare
to his legs and noticed that they
weren't chubby legs they were thick legs
there's a huge difference his thighs
were thick because they were so fucking
ripped he could crush a watermelon with
those pork chop ties I instantly started
feeling sick to my stomach
I thought this guy was my twin turns out
he's just a better version of me he
walked back to the table with a
satisfied look on his face I'm sure he
had just taken a huge healthy bowel
movement and here I was with my stomach
churning from my IBS I ended up making
some excuse about having to leave
because honestly I didn't want to be his
friend I mean the last thing I need in
my life is a friend who's comfortable to
take his shirt off at the beach
I don't need that I need more people who
are afraid to take off their clothes I
want to be surrounded by people who feel
constantly judged this entire situation
really did show me something it showed
me that I shouldn't be constantly
comparing myself to other people I
should be comfortable with who I am
because honestly nobody gives a shit
nobody out there is looking at people
comparing them to each other except for
me and a couple other mentally disturbed
people and it's kind of sad because all
that Disney guy wanted was to be friends
but instead I just shoved him away in
the last few years I've gotten over my
obsession with checking out other dude
bodies and hopefully one day I mean the
Disney guy can reconnect and have some
butter free sauce free dry ass chicken
together but until then I'll continue to
land my bed retweeting pictures of food
porn at 3:00 a.m. and watching
children's television that I'm
criminally too old for all right guys go
that was one of the chapters from my
book there actually is a lot more in
that chapter that I didn't read to you
guys because I don't know it's pretty
long so I thought you should go read it
yourself
hopefully you guys enjoyed that and once
again I know I've said it a million
times so please please please I would
love for you to go get this I hate
myself e-book comm you can also get it
in pretty much any store starting March
10 pre-orders mean a lot so hopefully
you guys do that and it's like 10 bucks
or something and it's very proud of it
so all right you guys hope you have fun
reading with me I had fun reading with
you and I'll see you tomorrow make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe imma give another
ha bye ah hey guys
yes I'm back I'm Harry I'm gross let's
move on I totally forgot to tell you
guys something in the video if you go to
the website pre-order the book and put
all your information in the site you are
entering into a chance to win a trip to
LA to come meet me hang out make me make
a video do whatever we want to do
there's a bunch of other prizes too I
can't tell them yeah I'm gonna make a
whole video about this later on but I
want to tell you though so now I know
okay I'm gonna go take a shower go back
oh ok first of all and bid back second
of all why is there a bone in it I
created a monster
