and I hear my head game Edna Edna table
is potato and all of a sudden I go Dame
Edna Lizabeth Taylor oh there's nothing
I love more than donuts and there's
nothing I hate more than bumpy kitchen
donuts I know what you're gonna taste
like asshole yes today we're gonna be
making my favorite thing in the whole
world
donuts except this time I'm not gonna be
making them in a car outside of my ex's
house at 3:00 a.m. while high on
computer spray I might have been
watching too much intervention let's get
cooking all right here we go I'm
actually really excited about this
because he's actually look like they
might be delicious hey Bobby kitchen
never lied to me follow us on the back
of teaches you how to make faces where's
the vomit face I'm gonna make after I
eat it okay I'm not gonna lie I just got
excited there's something about this
color that thrills me oh it looks like
chocolate but it also looks like poop it
probably tastes like poop oh and there's
pee oh and there's blood again and then
there's more poop you keep abusing me
but I keep coming back you're like the
boy next door
Lou okay I'm gonna start with the open
butthole and then move on to the
clenched one so from this picture I'm
gonna guess that this is a chocolate
doughnut and this is a vanilla doughnut
I'm smart
all right I'll put a little bit in there
I don't put a little chocolate in the
open butthole it only makes sense now
I'm just gonna put some water mixing the
butt holes
it's a typical afternoon whoo this
bottle is create sometimes my butthole
gets creamy so actually it also gets
bloody maybe we should have some of us
somewhere a little story on the side a
few months ago I thought my butt was
bleeding because it was and I Wikipedia
it but I'm fine if it's bright colored
blood you're fine if it's dark colored
blood you're dying
thanks book a PDF all right now I think
this is a little maybe eclair
or something so I'm just gonna guess
blue and then the other one purple and
that sprinkles okay well that didn't
work
all right I'm gonna microwave this all
right the buttholes are cooked it's
smart to blow on your butthole to cool
it down let's let that sit for a minute
so I'm going to guess that the red is
the icing maybe that's where this goes
we mix it with water I get better his
mom no you're not you're fucking idiot
you're useless I wish you some bacon
icing to deal with my issues mm-hmm
holding in my emotions is delicious
okay that's not good all right maybe
it'll thicken up well let's try to add
it to this one is this one I have no
idea what it is oh yeah oh that's icing
motherfucker
look at that I mean look at that
honestly I would eat that not after I
smelled it let's flip over my doughnuts
moment of truth this is going great
all right maybe I have to pop em out Oh
big fuck oh oh oh come on oh the butt
holes giving birth to a food baby yeah
all right it's almost out oh it's
burning it's burning my skin it's
burning there's the donut yeah I'm
getting better at this I should open up
my own poppy kitchen kitchen and there
we go that one kind of looks like a scab
all right well that's pretty close to a
donut so I think we're succeeding all
right time to put the icing on it I show
you the close-up for this all right
YUM but don't worry guys it's gonna look
even better after I cover it with
diseases oh come on I mean that looks
like something cash I picked out of a
puss wait where's the bear at oh I have
one more pocket I think the bear will is
this oh shit Oh actually the directions
are pretty clear yeah that's not for
that shocker
actually what if I just put this in here
and mix it around cover my mistakes with
more mistakes that's the American Way
this is looking good yeah all right
let's cook this bitch okay I'm not gonna
lie it smells really fucking good I
think I actually might be right on this
one I think I actually might have made
this one right all right let's flip her
out both okay it's not looking good but
it's smelling good all right so let's
cut off the Bears ears
here's her head
and then here's her ears and then here's
her acne done
I mean honestly fucking nailed it all
right time to eat it I'm actually really
excited about this I feel proud of
myself I feel like I have succeeded and
I feel like Japan is happy with me wow
that's the first time I've made another
country happy I think I might cry all
right I'm gonna start with the Lady
Gaga's gap it doesn't smell too bad
there's a pube on my thumb mmm
that ruins it okay Bon Appetit Japan
what would they say phone app but gangam
style and how they all hate me again
here we go oh okay first of all and bit
back second of all why is there a bone
in it I created a monster
ah okay I'm gonna try to explain it
because usually I just fit it out but
let me explain oh-ho oh fuck it
ooh it tastes like when you talk a lucky
but you're in public and you can't spit
it out
you have to hold it in and then you say
fucking Oh Moo Moo it's like an egg when
you crack it there's a dead chicken in
it but gonna alright last thing is bear
this bear about a good mesh don't let me
down there don't you be like that bear
movie with Haley Joel Osment bitch don't
you rule my childhood Cheers
I'm speechless
how could something that smells like
chocolate taste like single matter Oh
worries god how is how what what are the
ingredients oh my god
it's wrinkled matter I'm kidding I can't
pronounce any of these ingredients and
they all look like cancer oh yeah I
didn't do this right doctor surprised by
the way last time into this my sink are
clogged so my maintance gonna come up
here anyway
uh-uh Duke even your sake I was like
don't mind me I'm a youtuber it was my
duty why I guys go I was one of the
grocery ones let me know in the comments
if there's any they're actually good out
there and I'll try to make them also I
think my stomach is bubbling all right
you guys hope you have fun cooking with
me I had fun cooking with you and fuck
what the fuck they can subscribe maybe a
thumbs up and all that
shit I'm you I clean the Dookie out of
my sight aren't you guys are loving oh
my god I thought I was so cool oh no I
still wear that outfit Oh Oh God
