hey guys guess what I'm here with oh my
god it's me trust on you I was just in a
podcast and we talked a lot of shit in a
fun way and we talked about our favorite
foods oh oh and sauces in our very low
go check it out right now it's in the
link down there so I'm glad pecans
change hey it took me guys so today I
thought it would be fun to take another
journey to the past because I love
torturing myself it's like back to the
future
if Back to the Future was a guy who
wanted to go back in time and kill
himself that was gonna happen today
today I'm going to be reacting to some
old ads videos on my youtube comm slash
shame channel I haven't actually watched
these videos since I uploaded them
probably five years ago I'm scared for
my life honestly I'm also scared for my
hair five years ago it was not looking
good bitch but without further ado here
we go let's hold hands let's get through
this together okay so this first video
is called shame by the Bell which I'm
assuming is a pun of Saved by the Bell
or its cowbells remember that terrible
Disney original movie oh I hope it's
cowbells no okay I know that's annoying
and I promised I would get rid of it if
I could have some kind of strike on my
YouTube account where I can't get rid of
that intro until like middle of March
but I promise as soon as I get rid of it
a fucking will okay I don't know what's
more disturbing my terrible singing or
the sounds of my face flaps why did
nobody have me committed
why wasn't I on pills why did people
watch this oh my god that hair is unreal
I look like scar from The Lion King
I just got sick to binge-watching you
stupid it's gonna be videos yes maybe
everyday maybe of your week I don't know
but I'm stupid shit like that I'm
subscribed if you want don't know thanks
I would have hit ignore
alright let's go to the next one this
one is called dance break I'm gonna
assume that there's a lot of dancing and
a lot of almost breaking boats
Oh
oh god oh god oh god oh my god I thought
I was so cool oh no I still wear that
outfit Oh Oh God
oh I hate myself actually I myself email
baffle I kick butt seriously yes oh I
remember
after filming this video I literally
laid down and I went why did I do that
I had an ice pack on my shoulder a bag
of frozen peas on my crotch
I shouldn't film at oh this one is
called two tongues one shame that'll
probably be just as uncomfortable as
that dead grandma one hey guys so I
didn't brush my teeth today so instead I
got the charlie brush oh my god oh the
ballers oh I can still taste her ass oh
my god wait this video is like five
thousand thumbs down why I'm just giving
those dogs what they want I'm an animal
lover guys I hate people love animals
this one is called smell yo dick yep my
titles were just as disgusting back then
is there now I love this song I hate
that hair I love this song
my brother what's a home girl singing oh
you mean wow I haven't changed this one
is called Teenage Dream with herpes I
was really trying with those titles this
is like a serial killer diary
oh my heart is spreading
oh is wrong my hair is looking like some
fun just leave a match I'm gonna just
leave that one that was I want to delete
my channel all right let's do one more
this one is called pranking my aunt on
Thanksgiving I think I kind of remember
this one
Thanksgiving night and I'm here with
halation hi guys I have this idea having
it told her yet
but I want to prank somebody uh I
remembered that I have a gorilla costume
so here's one of course I did you think
is so easiest to prank
I still have herpes on my mom good call
my hand alright so I'm thinking you
dress up in the gorilla costume me and
you hide in the bathroom somehow get her
to the bathroom and when she turns on
the lights
you're a fucking gorilla but I mean that
would freak me out you think it's gonna
work my poor mom right here we go
I'm so scared oh my god I'm such an
asshole she's not happy vege-scarian hi
yeah
what an asshole happy Thanksgiving guys
hoorah
piece of shit oh my gosh God that was me
reacting to some of my old iPhone videos
all I have to say is I shouldn't have
let it grow let it grow I should have
cut off that ugly frog let it grow let
it grow ooh bitch fuck no I don't know
the rest of the song when the hair was
fucked up alright guys go hopefully you
enjoy back give me a thumbs up if you
did also subscribe I think new videos
every day
come on alright you guys I love you and
I will see you tomorrow bye guys look I
found a new jacket at the fish store
that actually looks good
