yes got to his joint pain ja like that
job is really good chicken only on hinge
it and keep it down please do I have
Chicka Chicka Mian listen my dream ah I
got that chick chick bone
that's your job yeah dude how is that
possible guys yes I'm not supposed to be
filming that it's against the rules but
with the Warner Brothers tour right now
we're gonna see the finest set soon and
I'm so excited I'm gonna cry are you
excited
ready over quits the red line this is
where we house our sounds bacon steel 24
though is pretty special the fretful
stage hey it's where frets filmed you
want to sit on the couch I'd be happy to
take a photo for you so you can have the
whole Central Park environment around
you if you want to like pretend like
you're talking to your friends or
actually posed for it it would be a lot
of fun
not supposed to be filming this we're
gonna get arrested I think we're going
on a Pretty Little Liars set so I love
this sound stage because of just the way
it's decorated is so beautiful
currently the sets that are in here are
for Pretty Little Liars so I love that
as we go through you can see all of the
different personalities of the
characters this is where Hannah got
fingered the movies don't really show
you the ceiling and their lights that
usually goes fake fruit with real fruit
is eventually going to go bad so this is
the kitchen you can go either way guys
we got caught got caught we got caught
we got a chi we're getting arrested
we're in the police car right now we got
a I have a cock I have a little cock hey
I guess we're leaving the tour how was
it diet coke guys have a fun time I
really loved Warner Brothers
just harvest Jurassic Park uh yeah it
was like we loved our tour guide she's
the best even though she caught me
filming she didn't harass me well she
said that of course bitch yeah I got the
moment bad it was an argument extended
you didn't hear her for like a minute I
didn't hear her who she was saying sir
and you're a sir buddy bitch like I go
by man bitch guys like I found a new
jacket v story that actually looks good
hey guys we made it to the comedy show
oh I don't want to get caught vlogging
that would be the worst thing ever a
comedian behind me Alliance at hey bro I
just got a thousand retweets on my joke
and my heart sank
also I saw fuckin Harper from Wizards of
Waverly Place and he didn't know who it
was and I was freaking the fuck out only
thing I know of that show is sometimes
the star of it shows her boob a little
bit at the beach and I go on the website
that shows me Selena Gomez look at us
well I would love to see Harper's little
boobies on the beach you know what I'm
saying you can't say that when she's 50
feet away
I can't eat any other come to watch me
eat it trying to Jew just account to
doughnuts because I can't do them I
decided to get the grossest one they had
which is called the sriracha peanut
butter jelly sandwich and a Triforce I
don't understand
cupcakes or donuts that you're supposed
to eat with a fork at night because
that's not a doughnut or it's not a
cupcake this experience of eating a
cupcake or joanna is putting it in your
face and then if I get a fork and knife
ounce - you should put that on their
yelp review that syrup you have to start
way back no that's hot sauce really yeah
total exit a ham sandwich oh my god
thing I'm atmosphere no no in all
seriousness two guys have
it was really good I loved it good I'm
glad
he plays video games plays video games
all day all day whoopee motherfucker get
a job No
