hey guys yes I'm here what's up
motherfuckers this is Pam one of my
friends I've known forever
there's no idea what I do for a living
and no idea what YouTube is no I sure
the fuck no and what are you drinking
some coffee
with some alcohol I got that special
coffee motherfucker
we're gonna do a video today where I'm
gonna show different youtubers it's just
no idea that they are and then she is I
don't know
react to maybe I should have you guess
what they do all right okay where should
we start
well let me woods winner and ask people
to send me suggestions now if you've
heard of these people you have to be
honest okay Miranda sings fuck I don't
know she sings I don't know I don't know
that's good wait let me show you a
picture she's probably a horrible singer
no well I mean you know she does her
thing oh girl what she needs to keep
that mouth closed haha did she just suck
dick for a living
she'd probably say no that's porn that's
what she does she's lying to you that's
her undercover shit let's see who's next
Trevor ma I don't know let me pull out
this video this is my personal favorite
oh it's a girl oh it's a guy wait here
comes your cop you like Mexican guys
right here comes your bladder any case
again there may be one of them straight
where I think that one the one in the
neck yeah no they're all doing each
other ha ha ha
PewDiePie the fuck what do you think he
does eat pie I don't know
the good guess all right let me show you
this why is his name PewDiePie or
whatever you just said I honestly don't
know he plays video games plays video
games all day all day
motherfucker get a job no okay jenna
Marbles you afraid of her who is that a
porn star alright I'll show you one of
her videos oh you know what you're lying
why is ramier like purple gray whatever
would you ever dye your hair purple yeah
I think it would look good let's do some
kitty litter on your mouth fuck know how
to basic how to basic so this is a
channel that just like shows you how to
do basic things okay so how to take a
selfie how to make an iced coffee how to
rap which one do you want to do the
selfie one sure okay bro you picked this
video that's dirty when you put the baby
in the microwave that shot of use of a
cock CBS are you stupid
well they're done but people got
problems bethany mota anonymous your
picture okay Isla oh oh my gosh cute
right hello haha what do you think she
does makeup you're right
what dating she doesn't that pineapple
all right and last but not least let's
do so well but hahaha
zoella so well
fuck her name is that just lip makeup
yeah she's very good just wrote a book
what is it about ha ha ha it's about a
girl gets famous on the Internet
how many subscribers do you think she
has 50,000 oh no that's Ana laughing
seven million oh really so well so well
okay I'll look group uh who's your
favorite I don't know um so well I like
that name
this is different alright another sighs
I don't remember them guys go I was me
teaching my friend about YouTube and I
still don't know what the fuck it is
leave a comment down there telling me
more people I should show her
or maybe viral videos or music videos or
out of any of it and leave a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day you gonna subscribe
yeah fly bits ya gotta do that B I know
of any with even move say bye bye
motherfuckers five-o so many magic
powers come to me I'm like a gay wizard
I should just wear these while I'm
driving and blind people oh shit
