grown up wearing a ninja turtle shirt
playing with your toys stay in school
hey guys yes
today we're playing with dumbass kid
toys and I'm really excited about this
one because I'm gonna lie
a couple of these toys really excited me
probably should have been that excited
in middle of the kid store probably
gonna go to jail probably not gonna come
after 25 years probably not gonna post
bail probably gonna die in prison let's
get to the toys so this first one I'm
really excited about because this is a
recorder now I actually know how to play
a recorder because I didn't play sports
honey you need to take a physical
education class okay mom can I sit in a
chair and play something in my mouth all
right here we go I don't know who that
little fucker is but so much cooler than
me fuck you little rusty it's okay let
me just warm up sounding good I love
music that sounds like rape whistles
underwater it's soothing
I actually know how to play the Titanic
song I'm not here let me see if I still
got it
come on that was fucking good I'm crying
already back come back what is that
horrible sound
I think it's that woman's whistle Oh
Leonard I know I love romantic movies
all right this next one is in a toy but
I mean I had to fucking get it because
baking cotton candy and he come on just
poop in my mouth
there's an old man on the back so I
don't know if he made this or if they
made this out of him either way
mmm all right let's see how it smells Oh
God oh no oh oh there's a lot of flavors
going on okay okay it's not gonna be
good here we go ha
it's Oh oh my god it just touched my
tongue so much is happening on my tongue
you were freaky oh man aren't you oh oh
oh oh oh there's so many emotions first
it hits you and it's gross and then hits
you deeper and it's real gross then you
kind of like it I just explained sex
with me all right I'm gonna throw that
away but I'm happy I tried it when she
explains how women feel about me you
know what will cheer me up
laser fingers motherfucker I've always
wanted to play with these I saw Lady
Gaga used them on stage once and I was
like I want to do everything she does
she's my idol ha oh fuck oh that's
beautiful
oh my god whoa was there we denied
cotton candy I could do this for hours
all of so many magic powers come to me
I'm like a gay wizard I should just wear
these while I'm driving and blind people
oh shit don't put in eyes good to know
what else can you do with these ooh what
if we turn the lights off oh shit oh
shit
boom it automatically makes you look
like a better dancer I see oh come on
now I know why Lady Gaga used to use
these Bravo oh my god
long gone but bad that romance huh I'm
really good well if you didn't think
this video could get any gayer then you
haven't seen the My Little Pony game I'm
about to play so I guess this is
supposed to shoot out a pony hold on to
your wings bronies I'm about to blow you
away okay so here she is her name is
fuck nut I might have just made that oh
look she's little hat because that's
what this bright ass crazy thing needs
accessories the rainbow wings rainbow
tail and tattoo of a cloud next row puss
is not enough all right so I guess you
put her on this what is that contraption
does that hold her leg this has got all
kinds of Fifty Shades OH
Fifty Shades of brony my unicorn horn
just got hard when she rubs me her wings
flap okay okay you can stop rubbing me
okay I get it yeah I said no I said no
homie alright fine finish alright well I
couldn't figure out how to make this
thing fly so done and last but not least
I got a monkey now this one I'm really
excited about because on the back this
girls having a party with it she put
sunglasses on them she's tickling him
she's dancing with him oh I just want a
friend hey monkey I love you too oh I'm
instantly connected you like that you
like it kinda seems like he hates it
right oh no oh I found it gonna find
your spot bop oh there it is there now I
know I don't have any friends oh we're
gonna have so much fun together monkey
we're gonna take selfies together well
that's about it what else do you do hey
you already did that yargh you did that
a lot is that really all you do at least
all I knew was it make dumbass videos on
YouTube mmm
shady monkey now I know why he has these
Oh guys go that was home my dumbass toys
for the day please have comments down
there telling me what games I should
play with next also against this video a
thumbs up and subscribe cuz I do
hi guys I definitely I thought of you
and I'll see you tomorrow bye
god I'm bad at that ah
Anastasia's inner goddess comes out I
pulled him deeper into my mouth so I can
feel him you think I hire me to read
this mm-hmm
