hey guys yes I'm here with Mama Oh
question am i are you not my mom hmm
it's probably not a good time to tell
you now that you've heard the book right
damn disciple yeah fine book I hate
myself I thought it'd be fun what's this
book is now on sale
I hate I'll be booked up come on girl go
if we read some passages from it I'm
nervous I'm not gonna lie well you
should be because we're actually not
going to be reading passages from this
we're gonna be reading passages from
Fifty Shades of Grey I can read this
book right no honey no I'm single like
you just read the Bible
that's your porn and he was risen bitch
alright we'll start slow now this is an
excerpt from one of the make-out
sessions between Anastasia and Christian
so they're just read this that little
paragraph right there I'm reading
Anastasia and Christians hot elevator
makeout session yes sexy music now
Anastasia's reaction to Christians erect
penis holy cow first of all did you say
peanuts did you go okay suddenly he sits
up and tugs my panties on and throws
them on the floor pulling off his
boxer-brief his erection Springs free
holy cow he kneels up and pulls a condom
on to his considerable length Oh No will
it Wow was it what I think will it go in
oh I have read a book or seen the movie
I'm gonna say butter butter a lot of
butter oh I get next one Christians
dirty talk makes us turn fifty shades of
red show me how you pleasure yourself
keep still we're going to have to work
on keeping you still
baby let's see if we can make you come
like this this is so uncomfortable
my son sitting next to me very strange I
disagree this is what the birds and the
bees conversation should have been okay
oh honey
yeah well does st. gone I'll just recap
okay you're so deliciously wet god I
want you I I'm going to ask you now miss
steale hard come for me Anna I don't
remember that church yeah maybe that's
the church action to going to do alright
let's do one more
ah alright the next one Anastasia's
inner goddess comes out I pulled him
deeper into my mouth but so I can feel
him you think oh hi early to read this
evening okay so I can feel him at the
back of my throat and then to the
putting my tongue swirls around the end
he's my very own Christian Christian
he's my very own Christian oh great
flavored popsicle uh oh gosh okay
I suck harder and harder hmm my inner
goddess is doing the merengue with some
salsa moves never eating salsa okay well
she's very talented
okay well that's that give me your book
now yeah read the first few sentences of
the back of it in my supposed to read it
sexy yeah from his first vlog back in
2008 to his full length film doctoral
guy wait for EOD degrees in full light
not cool Shane Dawson has been an open
book when it comes to documenting his
life but behind the music video spoofs
TM I love life details and outrageous
commentary on everything the celebrity
and internet world has the nerve to
dish' I can hardly wait to read this has
the nerve to dish out is a guy who grew
up in a financially
challenged but loving home and long
beach oh wait actually notes even better
you should read the dedication of my
book okay
oh and a dedication of my book this book
is dedicated to my hilarious and caring
mother honey I'm gonna cry
thank you for giving me so much
unconditional love okay and fuck you for
giving me your fat arms and wonky eye ah
even with our fat arms in our wonky eyes
when we take pictures yes honey and I
love you so much and I'm so proud of you
I'll buy a book guys got those are
bitches you're gonna challenge its on my
mom cry you saw me cry for a whole
different reason please please please
please go by the book oh it's good so
are you gonna now take me to see Fifty
Shades of Grey
no no I won't never okay actually I will
and I'll be covering my eyes before eyes
you guys okay I think that's really with
the image of these video thumbs up and
all that other shit please please please
I hate my selfie book calm you can eat
the book there it will also be in stores
on March 10th at like Target marginals
and all those motherfucking places so
please please please and I'll be in your
town students signing all of them so I'm
excited are you excited
can I have this one sure okay wait mom
what would it mean to meet you if on the
first week of release if my book was in
the New York Times bestseller sweetie
you know me I'm gonna be crying oh
please well if you guys want to see me
we should do sign okay if we get this in
the top 10 on New York Times bestseller
the first week which means that you guys
have to pre-order it now so that all of
those work if that happens they've seen
me cry all the time
well I know that
better Oh if that happens mean you will
reenact a fanfiction
this is a fan fiction exactly
come on bestseller good I mean listen
I'm be honest guys I get a scary-ass
survive from her to there's some about
her the fact that she got my video
deleted I don't even know how she got my
video deleted the fact that she'll
probably get this video deleted if she
does guys and that just confirms
everything she's saved
