guys oh my god I'm so excited and
nervous because tonight is the big night
I am setting up my cameraman Andrew with
his dream girl so you guys met my
cameraman Andrew who I think is just the
best guy in the entire world and we
talked about his huge crush on Meaghan
batoon and I just feel like this might
work I might have made love happen I
know this is a big deal so Garrett's on
his way he's gonna help me playing this
whole thing she's gonna be here in like
30 minutes and Andrews coming oh my god
I love oh my god oh my god they're gonna
be taking over cameraman duties yes okay
so here's the main duty as the cameraman
stay away from my legs oh yeah
no full bodies on either of us we like
to avoid that okay we look better like
like this gotcha oh yeah I love the dark
yeah that's great why are you I'm
nervous okay
okay this is the last one hope that's
okay anyways what's the plan
you whitening that with Purell she's
gonna be here very soon how soon soon
so I sent a really long email just
basically being like hey I don't be too
forward or anything but I just thought
your soulmate you're gonna love him he's
single I said oh I feel like there's
gonna be magic and then she said listen
I am ready for some magic this all
sounds so great
and then she said I'm excited but
nervous at the same time she's into it
she he's not just like oh yeah I've got
time that sounds like fun she's like
into it they're meant for each other
he shook his hell okay rock flowers but
I don't have a face or anything even if
it's or pull a couple stick them in and
we keep it a centerpiece okay there is
menus and they are laminate salad is
just a bowl of vodka okay
entree McDonald's fries pizza rolls and
also some cheez-its Pringles I might
have eaten some true dessert a payday
now if we have time I thought we could
come up with the little game and write
questions for them to pull out of the
last so we need to come up with those I
have researched this thoroughly this is
all born from their Instagram accounts
Andrews favorite thing is to Tina's
pizza rolls her everything is that my
favorite thing is cheese's I like to
insert myself we're gonna wear our later
are you the winner
no both the way there I got Blazers for
both of us look I got big ones too okay
good oh geez nominated oh I didn't tell
him what's going on okay so you know
Andrew my cameraman yeah we know I'm
single
okay he's in love with this girl they
make up a tune and she's coming over and
like 10th epiphany has no idea wait to
our house okay come on leave the
practice unit reach Bryan come with me
you're gonna be making be tuned for this
because we need to see how the entrance
looks all right
this has so much shit and then
additionally my partner does she have
ranch in her she's gonna fused to the
window and leave what is this I maybe no
I totally do that that's how she is to
wear sports bras you don't know anything
about girls
so here's ready so Andrew thinks that
we're just gonna do a little Q&A so I
think me and Andrew are probably to be
sitting there good you go upstairs well
actually first I'm not buying it can you
do dance move oh yeah yeah okay great
and then thing you never do that again
ever so we're gonna sit down okay it's
gonna be like Oh lol hahaha or maybe
you'll be okay Ryland can you come
downstairs
those legs wait that's not right but who
is that the calves we had that googoo
gaagaa girl of my jujitsu dreams is that
maybe soon and then maybe like this in
real life
oh my god you don't know much humor
there's no dog spit oh so nervous me too
I'm shaking so this is like crazy is not
just a video I mean what I told you that
me yeah this is like real he is well
you've known and rude forever Andrews
like I can't pitch him like well enough
he's just one of the most like genuine
guys ever sometimes he'll just like see
a post and just be like man this girl is
like so cool like because I asked him I
was like you know you have this crush on
magnet to like tell me about that that's
so interesting secure so she's like
really pretty he's like no it's because
she's like everything that I wish a girl
would be here's my favorite part so last
night I was with Andrew and I was like
he's so scared that he was gonna find
out I don't know why and then
I wanted to show him something on
Instagram and he pulled out his phone
and you know how when you would assert
something it shows the last thing you
serve yeah and it was you and I was just
like oh my god screams like a bitch
excited what's your situation so you're
single very much so okay so like how has
that been more makeup cuz I thought let
me cry I just hadn't found like the
right person I'm like I'm 26 now I'm
like so over dating in general like
there's so much like blah out there and
I want like the real funny thing like
I'm ready
no he's so cool
no he's have an idea yeah
so let's go over to the table so I was
thinking like what are some typical
questions that you ask on a first date
what they're passionate about I want to
know because when someone talks about
what they're passionate about they just
light up you know I want to see who they
are as a person I don't want I don't
really care about the true beauties of
like their favorite food right mine's
nachos but yeah I mean three months ago
she was so nice he was such a gentleman
it's just so boring like I remembered
almost on sleep like
andrew is not poor he's so funny no I'm
not so crazy oh my god no I thought
you're falling asleep and you're laying
in bed you're thinking about it and it's
like a brother he really is I fucked my
brother in my dreams favorite rapper Oh
favorite natural environment people love
forest beaches I love that question
favorite natural environment oh my gosh
let's get you hidden upstairs my room so
you'll just be like here okay and then
when I'm like Riley says you don't wanna
hear Andrews if I Bailey's to be to do
for a second what secret doesn't tell
anyone okay let's go downstairs and wait
um so I think what we should do is set
up the ring right number two I'll
pretend like I'm setting it up for the
video it was abnormal oh yeah act like
you want to fuck him Shane have you guys
my new switch batteries
why
Oh No oh my God my mom he's gonna pass
out said about Oh welcome to my god okay
well let's have you guys sit over there
and get to know each other okay so we
are sitting we've been hanging out for a
couple minutes how are we feeling I'm
feeling great I've already like passed
out or whatever's well okay here's what
I think we should do Garrett you take
Andrew upstairs and get him cleaned up
but get him date ready and I'm gonna
stay down here and kind of get you know
Meghan's initial thoughts and see where
she's at let's go my boy okay he was
okay
wait wait what are you thinking how are
you honestly feeling like cameras great
really yeah well that's right if I've
been over in this it's over I know that
he's like overwhelmed and read you cuz
he's scared he's usually not that ready
I promise
not
what do you think about him and you can
tell he's to me and grounded and like
he's like a very down-to-earth person
it's not like weird or anything yeah
there's a Britney t-shirt I mean I could
for the Britney team okay stick going
yeah I make the team if this was a yeah
okay okay okay yeah all right so let's
move this date to the dining room table
and see what we have in store for our
new couple madam come with me
ignore the hair goop on my hands
it's just their group I promise a little
cupcake residue on the table familiar
mr. gross okay it's not across the menu
for you - oh my god notice that some of
the items might match your own personal
interest because I went through your
Instagram Megan for a long time and also
I just know Andrew so those are an
accumulation of both of the things that
you love
we're going to start with course number
one this out
Oh fine little drink oh my gosh
- mrs. zwicki what - mr. Oh put this
here just some inspiration oh wait it
right me Andrew loves Tootsie knows
pizza rolls
yes let's walk away and you guys have
some real genuine moments you answer
these questions you are created by her
alright we won't be listening okay the
brat that's right yeah that's I have to
I would expect nothing like they are
cold but I'm gonna keep on drinking this
good if you want to make me not feel
like I'm you know grandma favorite
rapper old school or new school drink
mmm how old school you talking about
like the first two mixtapes or like
scared so far gone like so far gone up
towns my favorite yeah I do
oh my god
well it's your favorite drink um uptown
mm-hmm take loves great you like a new
something join it I do oh my god and
people on Twitter like I like this other
one but I like as well right but we both
like God's plan what's something you
like about yourself oh this is a good
question it's hard one for me oh I think
I'm really resourceful and really
genuine I think that I'm in people's
cornered all the time even if they're
not there for me oh I had one
oh I'm sorry real quick can you just
look at the very top of the menu
that's a holy Sh did not I don't know
what that is I'm a vegetable is maybe
it's something to talk about this is
core to nobody but like literally are
you do you like it helped me a lot yeah
I used to be really into that really
yeah
whatever tried I mean a lot of its
visualization right what's so like
dissociation do you have you tried it
but what don't work for you like the
swish pattern' and all that shit have
you tried it for pain it's called neuro
linguistic programming so you have to do
you do you love your family with I was a
hen atomically good childhood it was
like really cool parents so like they
were really great to me and they still
are they're very supportive and nice and
I love them
my family is awesome I didn't have a lot
of support they wanted me to go to
schooling and graphic design degree they
didn't really support the dance thing
for a while because you can't make money
off of it for what they thought they
weren't super supportive of that employ
showed them that like hey here's a
paycheck from this movie I was in
they're like oh now I now you can go and
like we believe you which is I get it
was all out of love but it generally
felt like you're not in my corner right
hi they wanted they wanted the best for
you but at the same time they didn't
completely like yeah until what you
believe in you yeah they don't know what
the best for me was they knew what the
best threat that was but I do love them
yeah I think it's time for Andrew to go
to the bathroom oh you have a pistol
okay how is it going I think great
really okay I think so too
I think so too you guys are both into
the same shit it's it's a very weird
thing and I'm very like you know not
self-conscious but it's is like okay I
know I'm reacting to this and like a
very like what the fuck is happening way
so there's like part of it I get a sense
that she's liking this really how are
you feeling about his interest good I
think I think he is a genuine person I
think he's obviously it's a weird
situation but I think that he's being
like the best thing you can't and I
think that he's really receptive to what
I have to say know what I was talking
about my family he was like listening is
it like even that is more than you'd get
in a typical la guy are you okay with
dating right now I didn't even know if I
had to be honest really you know what I
live on a date I contact it's beautiful
I didn't it's pretty easy there's some
eye contact that you can make this says
I know since the video but these do
scoop but like I don't see I'm a cop
they're coming back
so I think now we should kind of show
each other maybe some of our talents
down a little rap you can also hit the
whip really good remember testing
testing up so you want me to UM I'm
going to get up here with you freestyle
rap yes shit is my boy yes
yo side man Garrett I want to scream
scary movie on a ferris Oh Shane pranked
me I hope it's good content can't wait
to read all to Andrew so awkward
comments right before my eyes oh my god
I'm gonna die why is she here it's crazy
I feel like I need to get a pie in my
face positions and saying well wanna go
base-jumping off playing hey I don't
know if that's gonna make sense carry
with baby oh my gosh it's great to
acapella it I don't give a shit
well here's my version of moments okay I
think you guys should just do a little
slow dance okay really nice little
circle and then you'll release me and
we'll go this way and then I'll come
back
that was great I don't know there's also
there's desert
here is one payday you'll have to split
it is that okay what K days oh it's cuz
it's candy bar is it really yes I don't
know anyone that even knows that
yeah it's actually very good that's
pretty oh you like it okay
I've never I've truly never had the
mower I only eat Kit Kats and Twix
mm-hmm how about another question what's
your passion hmm what they're passionate
about I want to know because when
someone talks about what they're
passionate about they just light up my
passion I think my passion is probably
helping elevate the talent in people
that I love even attending that's my
passion
that's awesome yes a hundred percent
oswalt question back to you just like
making people's days better if they're
bad if someone's having a bad day being
able to turn it around with whatever I
can do anything good I can do to make
someone feel better I will do and I'll
go very far just to do it
Wow oh that's like the people I love for
sure um but yeah just like this world is
filled with chaos and I want to be able
to take someone out of that and make
them feel good heard validating all
we don't get in this world they're
making me cry you're both so nice oh my
god I'm just trying to get at that
painting just a little answer sorry
sorry sorry okay next question Angier
favorite natural in the vise-like the
forest well great well um I think that
we're gonna go over there you guys can
see our goodbyes and say your whatever
and then yeah yeah that's great
Hey alright you guys have a nice little
talk outside we're really gonna leave
you on this time for ya oh this is this
you guys bye
let's go I think they're not my thing
our love
it's okay
she's
keep talking
I don't do things I hire people act like
we're not even here I'm just gonna crank
this outfit hey guys so how's it going
good well thought it was going it was I
guess the last question is is there
gonna be a second date
also the second last question is do you
mind if I finish your payday well Megan
this was as fun and exciting as this was
I don't know how realistic it was for us
to get to know each other so if you
would like to go on a date with me that
wasn't as entertaining and as you know a
little less Garrity and Cheney in
reality although we will miss them yeah
if your date they'll be there if you
want to if you want to what but if you
want to go on a second date that would
be
to go on another day chef
and by the way this you don't feel
pressure this is here for the video I
mean if it's awkward if it's weird I'll
just cut it out and everything will be
fine so be genuine be real did it go
well
yeah I mean I I think one alone would be
good too I do love you guys that I want
you to be there for another one
Oh we'll be around don't worry are you
saying that you think would be more than
two days I mean I can't tell each other
nobody can tell future Shane but you're
invited to squat okay
it is later in the night and you drove
her home I did try it first of all yes
how did that go it was great it was just
talk I honestly like I feel like crying
right now no I do I thought was just I
really do like that was so fucking sweet
I okay here's what I think I don't know
listen I feel like there is a genuine
connection and I feel like she he was
genuinely into it I think with me it's
like I like being around her you know it
was just like a it was it was just a
nice just positive thing was she
everything that you hoped for honestly
yeah which is crazy because it's just a
crazy thing
to say I'm not I miss
this sounds a little weird it really
does but I miss you guys together I know
that I do I'm just happy that you don't
hate me and like you're not mad at me I
hate you at all there's not a speck of
anything of a hatred towards anything I
just hope that something comes out of it
and even if nothing does come out of it
I hope you remember this night for the
rest of your life I'm not gonna ever
forget this I know seriously I'm just
happy that you're still alive and you
didn't die no I'm good okay oh here we
go oh my god
you
