hey what's up guys my name is destory
and welcome back to you what the fuck
but thank you to Matt Johnson who
suggested the topic for this week's
video
and remember if you'd like to leave your
own suggestion for a future what the
fuck 5 episode make sure to leave those
in the comments down below that said
guys without further ado today's video
we count out the top 5 strangest ways
people have gotten famous son wait guys
I found my voice goes out today is
probably because I played overwatch a
shitload yesterday and I screamed at the
fucking screen for about two hours
straight
I'm not too good at that game but I just
wanted to tell you in case you hear a
lot of it so this day and age it seems
like people aren't getting famous in
just the weirdest way it's possible from
a we're dancing shark that took the
internet by storm for some reason - damn
Daniel and whatever the fuck that was
Daniel it seems like there isn't really
a formula for what the internet will do
me more than enough to be popular but
one thing is for sure all of it is just
really stupid that's at number one on
this list is Danielle Brooke Jolie a
prime example of exactly what I mean you
might recognize her as the girl that
says we're just from an interview that
she had on the dr. Phil show and she was
only 13 where she was caught stealing
doing drugs and generally just being the
worst person in bathroom and I
personally tried to cover this on my
what the fuck new show to the point
where I actually had a professional
trying to tell me what she was saying
kids Beyonce you know you gotta go set
catch it and then yo she's gonna tell
you what something you gotta know what
she's saying
and I gotta be honest I still don't have
a fuckin clue what she was trying to say
but since the interview she has amassed
a ton of Fame online to the point where
she now has apparently bodyguards
protecting her and charges upwards of
30,000 dollars just to appear places
let's be cool to discharge $30,000 just
up here somewhere I'm not gonna buy a
fuckin whopper you don't take me for
showing up to buy a walk she's also made
a ripple in the rap game I'll be in a
very tiny ripple when she released a
song called these pill skis hoe Noakes
PTO's I mean what did that say I know
she's trying to say these hoes but that
does not say that by her stage name but
at the Habeas is way more fun if you
pronounce the H is way too much in her
name hot baby hot baby
you know wished to be deaf but with this
and fucking Jake Paul yeah call me nice
not to hear what the fuck I had a hard
time understanding one sentence from her
this just sounds like a satanic ritual
with the rap beat over and the main
problem I have with this is just that it
glorifies just being a shitty person you
know it's like hey kids you want to be
famous
to be terrible number two oh ma long
canal coma so Omar broad canal gamma is
the Saudi Arabia man who malaria Slee
got famous for being too good-looking
Arabic newspapers called LF reported
that Omar was kicked out of a festival
by religious police claiming he was too
handsome and there are concerns that
female festival goers would be
distracted by his glowing radiance
apparently not only this but it was also
stated by many news articles that he was
kicked out of Saudi Arabia altogether
what seems to be the exact same but he's
a dude what is this guy's life how cool
the up to field feel like I can't go
back home and watch why not just too
attractive man he's too attractive yeah
now can't relate meanwhile Here I am in
my mid-20s and the greatest achievement
that I have under my belt is that I once
won a yugioh tournament when I was 12
whoa yeah watch out for this badass
overhere apparently though he wasn't
actually kicked out of Saudi Arabia as
he still resides in Dubai and now makes
his living as a model because he's as
the kids say
but since the news article his
popularity has skyrocketed because as we
know attractive people always get famous
for doing nothing tell her that salty
why do you ask
Omar though has embraced his newfound
fame by posting updates about his life
to his 900 9,000 Instagram followers and
over half a million Facebook followers
and even became a spokesperson for
Samsung I'm a big photography guy I'm a
photographer my song I knew
at the same time as your phone so like
you can get any better than those before
you get your tickets to Tobias stroke
this man meat sticks it's actually
revealed he's married and has a kid and
because of course he does if you're a
girl you're gonna make sure to watch
this shit down before these hell steal
them away because as we know the best
way to get a man to stay with you is to
poop on a baby and tell them it's him
this has been life tips ancestry number
three Kevin Federline so if you're
around during the early 2000s you may
actually remember a Kevin Federline who
really was only famous because he was
married to Britney Spears for a couple
of years this being when Britney Spears
was the number one biggest pop icon of
the time as oops I did it again had just
ravaged the world because that song is
fuckin dope
the coven himself really wasn't famous
for anything prior to his relationship
with Brittany but that her through his
connections as a backup dancer for
artists like Justin Timberlake Michael
Jackson Destiny's Child and pink and
whatever sorcery or pickup line he used
on her clearly worth as he too were
practically inseparable until Britney
filed for divorce in 2006 reasoning for
the divorce is apparently due to Kevin's
hard partying habits but I gave me the
only one who thinks it's hilarious that
she decided to divorce him one week
after he dropped his first rap album
entitled playing with fire which was a
critical disaster it is still the lowest
rated album on Metacritic with reviews
like wow this is so bad holy shit I'd
rather staple my nuts to a wheel of
cheese than listen to this shit again
hilariously also Brittany's sprung the
divorce on up via text message the night
before the papers were signed which I
imagine probably went like this oh wow
my husband made a rap out let's listen
to us dear Kevin I want a divorce
but since his divorce he's been doing
pretty much nothing occasionally
appearing on TV for random interviews
but mostly is just spending time with
his children that he had with Brittany
and sporting his brand-new you are born
oh wow look at that sad body
hashtag dead body sadly Kevin's Fame can
be described as started from the bottom
now I'm here now somehow I got back down
to the bottom again and at the bottom I
found myself way more obese than I was
before
and I have a hashtag dad Bobby number
for mikkel it looks heat oh that's
probably the widest way I can say a
French man's name I have a fine
apologize Mikkel Latino who is also
known as mr. Ito when as his name
suggests
eats practically everything you know I
know youtuber who eats everything I
think they get along mr. e doll got his
fame in the 1970s and 80s for regularly
consuming things like lightbulbs metal
screws shopping carts TVs and even
eating an entire airplane the only thing
he refuses to eat is bananas and
hard-boiled eggs which he says gives him
heartburn due to them reacting to be
metal in his body and as the sounding as
disability is I can't help but wonder
how he even got started doing this in
the first place you know like one day
you just randomly decided to eat a
fucking light bulb I mean there's no way
that
tastes good or even feels good going
down anyway these doctors were astounded
by his crazy diet were determined to
find out what keeps him from you know
just dropping dead from eating so many
dangerous and shrunk objects and it was
revealed he has a very thick lining in
his stomach and intestines that allow
him to consume almost anything without
injury turns out eating weird shit and
having an indestructible stomach can
make you famous
who knew just be careful about going to
the bathroom I didn't say anything about
his butthole being indestructible oh but
for having me we this diet in the world
he was awarded the brass plaque from the
Guinness Book of World Records which he
apparently also ate sadly though he died
in 2007 from natural causes
somehow unrelated to his crazy diet
finally number 5 is for Becca black who
got famous for telling us what day of
the week it is fiercely if you want to
make it big in the music industry you
have to make a good song to impress
people with your musical talents the
same could not be said for Rebecca Black
we've got famous in 2011 for releasing
these songs Friday which is the easiest
way I know to make a human's ear bleed
you know I never loves that song so much
that he actually threw up brick through
my window just so he could hear it
better for my apartment as bad as this
song is I've got to say it's not the
worst thing I've ever heard I heard
woo-wee terrible music now so I can't
really make fun of it that much but the
song which now has a hundred and eleven
billion views smartpaker ear for Rebecca
on YouTube where she now makes vlogs and
for music I'd never been to Oregon
before so I see Portland for the first
time we drove all through the country
the Eclipse itself was so worth going to
see you
and I wanted to end on this one because
it goes to show that you could be famous
for something completely terrible and
then totally turn that around and make
something really positive out of it and
I for one respect the hell out of
Rebecca black for not just caving into a
deep dark depression the likes of which
she can't escape from but actually
making a career out of it and rising
above the hatred that she got and not
moving across the country and changing
her name to Toto blacken mockery because
honestly that's probably what I would
have done and I think that's the note
that I want to end on because you know
out of all the terrible things that we
talked about today weird ways to get
famous I think this is the most positive
one anyways guys that is it for this
episode what the fuck five hopefully you
guys can join it I'm very surprised that
I didn't lose my voice throughout this
whole thing if you were to see all the
outtakes though you would know that I
have cracked my voice at least a hundred
times during this video and you're
probably what yeah but if you did enjoy
this video make sure to give this video
a like and also subscribe to the channel
as there will be more every single week
also guys it would mean a lot if you win
and checked out my channel youtube.com
slash cat Vestas where I post all sorts
of dumb shit that you're gonna hate I'm
actually posting up a video of me
reacting to my old videos soon there's
actually a really hilarious video of me
and Shane when we were like seriously
like I feel like 16 or 17 first ever
collab video so I think you guys will
love it definitely check that out
that'll be up on my channel hopefully at
the end of the week that's it guys I'll
see you next time for another one of a 5
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
