hey what's up you guys yes it is another
one of my favorite videos to make Shane
talks about conspiracy theories news
conspiracy theory is that I'm actually a
woman and I'm transitioning I don't know
what's going on with my voice I don't
know what's going on with my skin
there's a lot happening anyways back to
the conspiracies god I did it again
today we're gonna be talking about my
favorite conspiracies which are all
about celebrities don't kill me
Illuminati now there are a lot of
conspiracies about celebrities some of
them are crazy okay no all of them are
crazy but some of them are so crazy that
I believe them which is usually how it
works for me if the conspiracy involves
aliens and or something that is
impossible sign me up
which is kind of how I feel about every
TLC show oh the woman with no legs who's
training to be a dancer sign me up so
first we're gonna be talking about they
all say now there are a lot of
conspiracies about Beyonce so I'm gonna
start with one of the most well known
ones and that is that her baby might not
be her baby so here's how the conspiracy
here he goes people think that Beyonce
was so vain that she didn't want to get
pregnant and she didn't want to fuck up
her body so instead her and jay-z had
their you know fucking cake mix and eggs
slid in another lady that's the
scientific terms right and then that's
where the baby came from oh but Shane
wasn't she pregnant
I mean we saw pictures you know we also
saw a video of her on an Australian Top
Show 2011 going to sit down and her
stomach
somehow deflated didn't see it let's
freeze-frame that shit come on Beyonce
hello there's no way there was a baby in
there and listen I'm not even mad at her
for having somebody else have her baby
because that's a genius fucking idea if
that was a woman are you kidding me I
wouldn't let anything grow inside of me
so I steer clear of Hometown Buffet
bitch but this is only part one of the
beyonce conspiracy now I'm gonna warn
you part two is a little scary and
completely crazy
I believe it so the conspiracy is that
beyonce is actually much older than she
says she is now beyonce tells people
that she's around early 30s
listen I love Beyonce I think she looks
amazing but I think she looks amazing
for you know 40 but early 30s no buyer
to the conspiracy is that Beyonce was
actually born in 1974 not 1981 when she
says she was ashamed why does this
matter who cares if she's older than she
says well let's get to Part two part two
is that Solange is actually her a child
okay that wasn't as scary as I thought
it was gonna be but I mean if Solange
was your child would you be scared
who put that bitch on a leash
so people think that Beyonce actually
got pregnant when she was really really
young and her parents were crazy
religious didn't want you know the
public to know so they said okay we're
gonna have this baby we're not gonna
kill anybody we're gonna pretend like
it's your sister which would kind of
make sense considering the fight that
Solange and jay-z got into looked a lot
like a fight I don't know a daughter and
father would get into now there's not
that much evidence for this conspiracy
theory but there is something that was
very interesting and that was Gabrielle
Union you know the chick from bring it
on said in an interview I think it was a
couple of years ago at her and Beyonce
were best friends when they were both
teenagers they would hang out they would
do everything together
well Gabrielle Union is 42 years old so
if they're hanging out together when
they were teenagers when they both be 42
I mean technically you could do the math
and be like oh maybe Beyonce was 13 and
Gabrielle was 18 bitch what
thirteen-year-old is hanging out and
going around chillin with an 18 year old
honey maybe Sam pepper and one of his
fans but let's not talk about that if
you put Gabrielle and Beyonce next to
each other technically I mean they kind
of look the same age they're both
beautiful and young looking but similar
and then the last conspiracy about her
is that she's the devil and she's in the
Illuminati which I don't even need to
explain that I mean this picture says it
all now this next one I'm warning you is
kind of terrifying for some reason even
though it really isn't okay let me
explain so there's a theory that Taylor
Swift is actually a pretty big member in
the community now listen I'm not gonna
talk about that much because I know the
rule it's like Fight Club don't talk
about but what I will say is they're
great people and I love them and they're
the best don't kill me so here's out
started an anonymous user when I said
hey ask me anything I'm one of the top
50 most famous people in the world
and I'll say whatever you want to hear
then when somebody asks hey what do you
think is for the person said for being
an entertainer would you listen say
whatever you want about Taylor Swift but
bitch is entertained then she posted a
profile picture of her in front of some
blinds with her eyes cut off so you
couldn't see who she was but then
there's a video Taylor Swift in front of
the same blinds now I know what you're
thinking shame can people just have the
same blinds no that's not a conspiracy
theories work bitch Exhibit C that's
same anonymous user women and said
nothing quite like a freezing cold
wintery beach and then not too long
after that Taylor Swift tweeted nothing
quite like a freezing cold wintery beach
with a picture of her in a cold Beach
why would this happen that's not a
coincidence come on people be smarter
than that
then the anonymous use your window said
hey guys I'm looking for a new name for
my cat what should I name it well one of
the suggestions I got a bunch of
comments was Meredith what happened the
next day oh my Christmas painter captain
Meredith then the final bit of evidence
which i think is pretty interesting is
that a radio station put together
contest which was you know hey talk to
Taylor Swift on the phone one of her
biggest fans we're gonna talk about the
phone well I started a campaign and
called hashtag vote for Charles where
they wanted this guy from name Charles
who's 39 years old to call Taylor Swift
and basically ask her hey bitch are you
the one lurking around well he won but
then right before the phone call was
supposed to happen the whole thing got
cancelled
maybe because Taylor Swift knew what was
going on maybe Taylor Swift even started
a hashtag book for Charles campaign but
she don't wanna talk to another thing
now listen a lot of crazy dark shit
happens on some of which is hilarious
and some of which is you know terrifying
or if you're me hilarious but I know a
lot of you guys like know Taylor's too
sweet for that she's too loving for that
well a rapper named Diplo came out and
said something about Taylor Swift that
kind of sounded like she was he said
Taylor Swift is very strategic with her
friends and enemies I know a lot of
secrets I can't divulge I know a lot of
stuff about her and she's definitely
definitely got some scary stuff going on
I'm scared I'm scared for my life bitch
haha what I mean listen I'm be honest
guys I get a scary outsurvive from her
too there was some about her that I got
she got my video deleted I don't even
know how she got my video deleted the
fact that she'll probably get this video
deleted if she does guys and that just
confirms everything she's Satan Blair
you guys go those are all of my celeb
conspiracies today hope you enjoyed that
hope it scared you leave a comment down
below telling you which ones you believe
in which ones you do also please give
this video a thumbs up if you like these
conspiracy videos you want me to keep
making I'm show me give me a thumbs up
also make sure to subscribe because I
make new videos every single day alright
you guys hope you have fun hang with me
I have fun conspiring with you that's a
word right and I will see you tomorrow
bye I predict
I mean basically I just have my fingers
crossed that stealing Chuckie Cheese
tickets isn't a gateway crime like
running stop signs or murdering innocent
people Oh
zoinks
