welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet so super good will happen last
Sunday and if I'm going to be completely
honest the only part of it I watched was
Katy Perry I didn't watch the
commercials I didn't even pretend to
care something that does bother me about
the Super Bowl is sometimes when I tell
people that I really don't care about it
I'm accused of not understanding the
game not the case I get football four
downs first down touchdown six points
it's not that complicated that's kind of
like saying the only reason someone
doesn't kill people is because they
don't know how so instead of talking
about the game I thought it would be a
little bit more fitting if I took a quiz
that'll help me determine which Katy
Perry backup dancer I would be which
Katy Perry halftime show shark are you
you up gonna find out I don't get it
pick a 2015 Super Bowl MVP gotta go Katy
Perry's she's got the eye of the tiger
I've got the eye of the tiger we are
same a famous shark a lot of these are
cartoons and/or comics and I just I just
those weird me out pick an emoji I
always thought the octopus was cute take
a Super Bowl Kanye these are all the
same pictures of Kanye but really this
one is the one that matters you got
snoop shark Oh fortunately and unfairly
a lot of youtubers and social media
personalities have been going through
hackings lately which super sucks but we
may have found the person behind it to
call upon a very internet phrase that
girl is literally me based on this video
I thought it would be fun to play a
little game called predict their future
little girl in this video I predict
I mean basically I just have my fingers
crossed that stealing Chuckie Cheese
tickets isn't a gateway crime like
running stop signs or murdering innocent
people Oh
zoinks and for the little boy telling
her to stop he will probably do amazing
things like becoming a doctor or a
scientist however he may be a
professional buzzkill this week on
YouTube I learned that Connor Franta
likes to take photos
photos and for this week's video I want
to tell you a little more about that for
as long as I can remember I've always
enjoyed taking photos whether it's of my
lunch hands friends feet or just the
world around me since Connor felt
comfortable sharing his passions with
the Internet I thought I should share
with you guys something that I like to
do and that is buying candles from
sketchy locations
just the perfect case let me go let's go
let's go let's go now what a rush am i
right
I love tiny flames that smell good
this is watching this passion filled
episode of bomb.com hopefully we didn't
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you didn't enjoy this
episode don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and head on over to youtube.com slash
Alexis she's all to check out my latest
video here's a tiny preview well I met
you quite some time ago in 1990 yeah
I've known you for actually about 16
years now do not forget to subscribe
while you are there question of the day
opposite of mr. Conor France's video
leave a comment down below letting us
know something you would never ever ever
do I'm very curious about this one is
all good
