hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news
it was destory and I have an insanely
adorable cat oh look how cute she is
look at her okay get the fuck out of
here but this is what the fuck news we
talked about the really weird news that
you might have missed in the last week
and obviously the first thing I want to
top that day is be super bold and I
personally don't watch the Super Bowl
and I probably know as much about sports
as I do about the female body what is it
called the vagina the vagina I'm just
joking I know my way around a woman's
mammary glands and labia majora so so
knowing as little as I do about sports I
probably won't be commenting on the game
itself other than the fact that the real
what the fuck news of the day being that
the Patriots won the actual what the
fuck news occurred at halftime show or
Katy Perry played an awesome show on
stage with a couple of people dressed in
shark costumes as her backup dancers one
of the sharks known throughout the
Internet now as the left shark became an
internet sensation after people noticed
how badly he was dancing which
ironically somehow made the performance
better
everyone aspires to be as great of a
dancer as left sharts the more drunk you
dance the better you are at left sharp
dancing perfect aside from the billions
of tweets and memes about left shark one
person actually loved left shark enough
to get a tattooed on his leg this is
either really stupid or really hilarious
but I can't decide which one another
highlight from the Super Bowl every year
being the crazy commercials that play
during the game we're either really
really good this year or so bad that you
wanted to put your nutsack in some acid
they're pretty bad but among some of the
worst as this year was the nationwide
dead kid commercial which pissed
everyone off in the entire world never
learned to ride a bike I'll never learn
to fly and they won't ever get married I
couldn't go up because I died from an
accident wait so he was dead that whole
time wow this must have been directed by
M night Shyamalan
needless to say though the internet was
pretty upset with the commercial with
some of the best comments responding to
video saying awful commercial that was
horrible what was the purpose you're an
insurance company Wow way to ruin a
Super Bowl dead kids buy insurance
that's all that this ad said to me and
my personal favorite comment No
straight to the point I loved it it was
about news in Oregon State University
student was arrested this last week
after making a porn video of her
touching herself in the university's
library
wait I'm starting what why did she just
that horny she couldn't like wait to go
somewhere else like why a library maybe
books just really turn her on I don't
know oh my god war of the world I am so
horny right now ah but apparently the
girl 19 year old Kendra Sunderland made
the video some time last year because
she was bored and I guessed didn't seem
to mind that there were students walking
in the background while she made a porn
video since she's been arrested and
charged with public indecency after the
video emerged online and after it had
been shared over 250,000 times holy shit
she's also recently left the school
because she was also bored with it I
know right getting a good education
super boring saying
Twitter account thank God I don't have
classes here anymore beast FL awkward
you make your dad proud obviously
because this is YouTube I can't show you
the video but I did have to review it
for you know for for science for science
reasons and all I can say is while your
nipples are evacuated maybe showing them
to the Internet while in a public
library isn't the smartest thing ever
just saying and finally in some movie
news and as ton of trailers have been
released this last week because of the
Superbowl with a longer teaser trailer
of Terminator Genisys which looks pretty
fucking bad a lot more trailer Dominions
a teaser for insurgents the first
official trailer for tattoo which sadly
so far doesn't look nearly as good as
the first one and then the first
official trailer for the Fantastic Four
reboot which I could not be less excited
about like who needs a Fantastic Four
reboot like I get there's some fantastic
for fans out there you know all six of
you but I just can't imagine that many
people are excited about this movie
especially with such weird questionable
casting like this chick as Susan storm
no just no just no anyways now this has
been what the fuck yous and my question
of the day for you guys is what kind of
tattoo would you want to get in any
Harry Styles face left shark on your ass
cheek let me know in the comments down
below all today's stories as always on
the description down below as well as
all my links some more you guys go make
sure to check out my newest video on my
channel which is a Q&A where I do
whatever the hell this is here a dildo
poly plus we only sell the best fake
penises peanuts make sure to click here
to check it out or click the link in the
description anyways guys have to go have
some sexual relations with the female so
I gotta go but I will see you next week
for another one's above news and fair
wind
you
