hey guys guess what the brand new
podcast is out with special guest all
right thank you did you enjoy it I had
so much fun I got a little precone
action good we also talked about your
porn career I did never do it anymore
but if you guys want to see porn just
let me know I'll do some naked shit
check it out link down there bye hey
what's up you guys I am very nervous
right now I am on my way to record my
audio book for my book I hate my selfie
available now now now and I hate myself
a book ah I am really really nervous
because it's going to be today's the
first day but it's gonna be like two or
three eight-hour days of me in a little
recording booth reading my book out loud
and I was never a good a read out louder
or a good talker what the fuck that's
not a word either way I am a good writer
not a great reader so I'm a little
nervous but hopefully I'll be able to
make it through
can they auto-tune me is that what
happens in an audiobook chapter were
written by me we'll see I'm so I'm
excited about that I'm actually really
excited about the audiobook because I'm
gonna do a bunch of character voices I
gotta play like a hundred million people
because in the book there's a lot of
stories where you know random characters
will pop in or I do stories about high
school so all my friends from high
school are there so I have to do all
their voices really excited I think the
audio book is gonna be really really fun
to listen to I think so pumped I'm gonna
go do that I'll sneak you guys in and
give you guys a little sneaky piggies
and hopefully I don't fuck it up you
guys I'm in the studio right now that's
where I'll be recording right there and
my book is right and they even got me
some fruit and some Kleenex you know in
case I get home worried and then those
in case I get really horny my girl space
friends I'm not really what you would
consider a manly man hell I don't even
really consider myself a man at all I'm
more of a woman with man parts kind of
like that scene in Toy Story where that
asshole kid made a toy out of Barbies
torso and GI Joes limbs I'm pretty sure
that's how God made me guys we're on our
way to see the boy next door
are you guys holding it holding hands
like a you found your boy next door you
look like a mixture of JLo and the boy
next door
Luis Guzman hey I think you nailed it oh
yes we're really excited to movie we're
meeting it was a France let's walk let's
take the stairs
cuz there's gonna be a lot embarrass
your nice way to tell you that we're fat
all I'm telling you guys is that I
brought my food and you guys are gonna
be eating our food this is my food oh
I'm gonna eat it in the theater could
eat my sad healthy meal while crying and
watching jail it'll try to compensate
that I'd be like we don't need it but
never mind
look you can't brick myopathy another
keep it hey guys we just got out of the
movie how was it woah that's gonna be
the year last movie the wolf cut first
of all the guy was 30 and he's pretend
to be in high school
second of all you said what you say
kristin chenoweth look like one testicle
he her had to click one does it go what
was your favorite part
I mean the sex scene do you think that
that was actually jail as opposed to
getting rubbed ya know yeah he was in it
there's no way man but it wasn't great
that's why I was like oh it could be
here he got a lot of like under the
breast cuffing going yeah yeah and he
was really into me that's the thing it's
a radar movie so I was like where's the
titties and there was pretty much no to
longer leg titties but you know yellow
head underwear on the whole time but
then the sound effect was like yeah in
there we shit underwear on the whole
time so I was confused yeah there's a
lot of confusing things about this he's
like clear i fingered you hard right
like what's the problem we have a thing
right they basically basically finger
they didn't show any like the next aisle
like fuck this shit
and show ya Lenya pictures later but JLo
is like holding her boobs like whatever
why wouldn't the boy shoot him in a 12
year old right like it should have been
Trevor Murat Matt if you were out doing
good yeah Matt appear apps oh I would
have watched that sexy well anyways
we're gonna go eat our feelings of cat
shoes on yeah we are you Nana feelings
you have a bag of things that I don't
think it's worth you guys are gonna eat
your feelings you don't eat my side
salmon your side salad side salmon with
a six corn kernels huh hey what's up you
guys yes it is the end of the night well
not really because I'm crazy and I'm
gonna film a bunch of videos right now
but it is he ended the night for most
humans anyways hope you guys are having
fun umm I hope your year is going well
I'm really excited about this year I
feel like things are things are good I'm
excited about the book ah March 10 is
coming out the book and the audiobook
I'm so excited what else
one thing I was I tweeted about it today
my hair I'm trying to figure this out
now I know this is I mean I have had a
long relationship long and bad
relationship with my hair sometimes it
treats me well most of the time it
doesn't it always cheats on me and it's
very abusive emotionally and physically
sometimes I'm just in a weird place
where I don't know what I want with my
hair I don't know like okay so I've been
doing the short hair thing for a little
while and I'm over it you know what I
mean like I'm over it I feel like
sometimes it looks good like I feel like
tonight it's kind of cool I don't know
fuck I feel like it has kind of a cool
thing going on but this is a fucking
anomaly like this never happens usually
it's horrible the sides get a fucking
curly and then I look like I'm balding
cuz my hairline is just like that sound
like well maybe I should grow my hair
out again but then I think about how bad
my hair's look before yeah I don't want
that to happen again
I don't know question of the day what
haircut should I get I'm leaving at your
hands is there a celebrity out there who
has a good haircut right now or youtuber
I don't know some fucking just don't
give me a Viner haircut no thanks I'm
getting I don't know let me know just
want something different I'm not dyeing
my hair blue or green or purple or any
of that shit I can't pull that off my
face is too gay for that alright guys
I'm gonna go hope you enjoyed hanging
with me I enjoyed hang with you and um
I'll see you tomorrow what blonde that
shameless promo please please get it
please please please no don't get it
because I told you to get it because you
love reading and also because I told you
to all right you guys
I'm gonna go ride so much my good Lord
God my teeth are gross but not as gross
as that picture of my old hair yeah
that's pretty gross
hey let me just get right up in there
with a camera I'm we're talking about
pulling ourselves and sucking dick title
title
