got bit by err on his back middle back
how I I'm a I think they're doing sex
doing they were doing sex and drugs
broke that's got too much joint pain I
draw like that
ah hey those of you guys yes today is
going to be a fun day because we are
filming are a parody of that movie
trailer unfriended which looks like the
worst movie ever made
um so I'm very excited about that to me
fun day we got drew coming over he
finally moved to LA so now I'll be
suckered in a Turk ever not
we got Trish coming over she's always
been in LA so I'll be sucking or dick
ever that we got a Lexus totally sketch
we got a bunch of people coming so I'm
excited and uh other update so my
workout diet thing is still going well
lost another two pounds so I'm down 13
pounds and I'm starting to get some
muscle I don't know if I'm ready to show
you yet okay there we go you can see a
little bit of it yeah I'm excited well
I'm really white holy shit anyways I'm
feeling good today I'm ready to conquer
the world and probably get a tan though
that's never gonna happen
look how skinny we lay wow it's like a
GoPro but cool it takes us into 2006
like our high school peak you actually I
was terrible in high school we were to
make a skateboard did look who else is
here
not today kind you're here in LA I'm
ready it's time but I'm not allowed to
say where I live what's that like a kid
whose mom just drop her basically just
like yeah it's the hair I call myself a
cheese anyways we're getting ready to
film really excited I like how they put
a smiley face next to your name yeah I'm
regular guys okay so we are filming
right now this is a you know really
really good stuff oscar-winning stop
what are we doing right now
hey guys I'm in character it's true what
was your character doing this is Bill
and he's getting ready to suck his own
dick and took it take it off cool okay
and action
mmm-hmm god I felt that subscribe guess
what just happened
ha ha I was just microwaved we just put
her in the microwave yeah it was fun
also dangerous but more so the first one
if you guys want to see just like just
exclusive so just so you know that's
what I do I put underage girls in
microwaves yeah while their moms stand
behind me the she had like being videos
she loves me you know she keeps trying
to get me to put her in why do you
always hide because I'm trying not to be
in the picture but I would love to be
anything oh of course you smell good
thank you I try anyway so yes we are
gonna hook up and you guys are gonna
leave I guess so yeah I'm just gonna
like walk away from the situation and
moonwalk into therapy bye
guys look who's here oh my god just so
far back there you're like on my
shoulder hey let me just get right up in
there oh yeah what am I on camera I'm
we're talking about pulling ourselves
and sucking dick okay title title
perfect title of the video features like
oh yeah Thai foods coming by the way yet
the suck is dick so I was like okay yeah
hey that you kind of did you insinuated
it but don't ever totally sketch because
you guys know I'm a fan of totally
sketches I'm a dull singer from I think
why the way I show totally sketch a
video the other day it was called drunk
naked watching videos it was you just
laughing at me and totally sketch yeah I
was this bit hey guys were on the beach
right now we're getting ready to start a
suicide yeah yeah hey Mary have you ever
directed a suicide this is a strange day
what is happening how are you gonna do
it how I don't know you told me I'm
shooting myself in the mouth yeah you're
shooting some of the mouth we don't the
gun the real suicide drew that's not
sure I love myself too much that's true
and you love your fishies
oh wow Oh we're using a remote control
because we don't have a real gun so okay
make this look like a gun so I like this
it was like at six it'll read oh you're
recording we got the phone first of all
youtube.com slash my toe cold subscribe
secondly Trish is getting peed on for
the third time today but we've only
filmed it once they're vlogging behind
the vlog this is how the vlogs happen
right Hey look at world Oh double y TT
baby she's fine with more pests she
doesn't care
she's into it guys it's the other night
and we're so tired I like oh well I
guess I'm to get my like we've it's good
though just pee all over it oh yeah we
don't want our Joey oh my god wait what
are we gonna for this video we have so
many options myself hang on Trisha
Paytas we have Trisha Paytas killed
herself
we have drew Monson few months in
watches Trisha Paytas killer so leave so
many watches and he decides it's the
right move and doesn't stop ha ha ha I
really didn't I was a be nicer to Trisha
I only got the first half so ridiculous
that it wasn't really mean okay Oh Oh me
not that way to get here no higher
anyways we're gonna go because I'm funny
it does be a bunny with you I'd leave a
comment telling Trish not to kill
herself
also I love you guys give anybody what
everyone but I just want to see you keep
going okay I will
so on this week's Q&A I'm gonna talk
about I don't know yet
