hey guys guess what the brand new
podcasts out with special guests bye
thank you
did you enjoy it I had so much fun I got
a little pre comb action good we also
talked about your porn career I did
never do it anymore but if you guys want
to see porns just let me know I'll do
some naked shit check it out link down
there by hey guys hey guys I'm here with
me I'm Ricky Dillon hey today we're
gonna be doing a video called the coming
out challenge this was his idea
just saying why because I thought it'd
be fun if we did a youtubers
impersonation and a celebrity
impersonation video but if we did it
about people who have come out of the
closet since that has been a very
popular thing and something we should
applaud yeah oh let's get to it
that was your coming out I went on
Twitter and hey guys who are some
inspirational people that have come out
of the closet in the last few years and
you gave me some people so here's how
it's gonna work
okay I'm gonna look at one and I'm gonna
impersonate them you're gonna go through
this okay and then I'll give you my
phone and we'll keep doing classic are
you ready for this yeah first of all
Harry Styles has not come out yet
so the best stop tweeting me that okay
this one's pretty easy okay
hey guys so uh uh ah you know I I love
you yeah Oh how does that a lot yeah
mm-hm okay I don't know how I'm gonna do
your will only get this if your you've
watched this person with recent video so
okay which and I quite she was off okay
okay which I like I've strings in my
hands okay look these bracelets right
here I made them by weaving it with my
toe I like to toe weave and I have a toe
fetish and I like to make breakfast bar
even with my toes and I also like
cocaine dollar bills and I know Anthony
no I also like have your little pills
come on lohanthony Rebecca Black we're
gonna Percy love Maggie dope it poppin
off anyone shifts me with another
youtuber who wears glasses and likes to
color his hair a lot oh I'm from
Australia Troy last name I can't
pronounce yeah choice fun brown
job can I put my dick in that that towel
and let him leave it okay he's just that
little sis look cute like it was like
Lord of the Rings like when there's like
little cute little elves and it's boy
yeah
no say it hmm I mean that can only be
one you're into that I'm judge okay I
got one
what jails Raven yeah oh my god my queen
why I love Raven she's your queen I love
great I love that for even say you don't
love her as a person I don't know her I
don't know her I love him Baxter I don't
know Raven Symone what that was when she
does anything else so she's done in the
ferryman well I love Ricky Baxter from
Oh from the sour patch kids you wanna
buy the series we'll talk about that
later turn into my little lap fuckable
sour fountain became a little girl what
that was fun oh here's a good one okay
I look like Ricky Dillon Ricky Dillon
people confuse me for Ricky do all the
time especially little dog mess you look
from the side we were similar side
profiles chef Eric Medlen I'm not good
at I can personally I just give facts at
home yeah your time giving up madness
kinda guy who you look like you're like
me like I get recognized as him and here
you are headed me on phone there's a
little bit of joy behar from the view
just a little bit hey many boyfriend my
big channel called lush okay so the Matt
lush Matthew lets you know him yeah
boyfriend it oh you okay yeah yeah yeah
you kind of got it yeah oh good
impression hey who okay I got one
Ricky you know why Ricky you know we
need to do Ricky this sells real this is
really familiar they're like guy right
now creepy uncle recognize the person
already know what yeah we needed you
give me that give me that
I'm just gonna pour a little bit of that
in here and then a little bit of that in
there oh we got mamrie Hart I eat pussy
I love it Hannah yeah okay okay alright
this is your grand finale so make it
good but this one actually wrapper
finish another product okay this one's
super you get in within five seconds
okay within two seconds hello everyone
what I just want to see you keep going
okay I will so on this week's Q&A I'm
gonna talk about I don't know yet oh my
god bitch that guy if you're watching
this Tyler Oakley you need to kill him
was horrible what was that okay Herot
that was a dolphin rape sound horrible
great laughs hey have you seen if they
did with flurries of the witch laughs I
can get that bad ma'am you need to stop
we should just make a montage of the
amount of times we both went like this
in this video
oh yeah and that's our coming out well
you guys go hopefully you enjoyed a good
kappa challenge something interesting
effect that I learned about you before
we start filming this video so have you
ever kissed a guy on on-camera ever what
were you going with this alright no
you're getting too much I'm gonna hot is
this something that you would partaken
no I don't know the Pimsleur mood if you
guys want to see if we're gonna make out
make sure to go over to his channel
where I force myself upon does this turn
into good subscribe check out leave a
comment telling him that you think that
he should make out with Shane also make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
down in the comments tell us who your
favorite gay person is okay at a gay old
time wait a Gayle's I'm with you and we
will see you over on his channel love
you guys
Dubai when I turn around he goes to
unzip his pants he goes to turn off the
Pixar lamp and he goes alright let's do
it click darkness is coming out of me
