got bit by err on his back back how I
I'm a I think they're doing sex doing
they were doing sex and drugs Brooke has
got to a joint pain i jaw like that
holy fuck do I have a story for you guys
okay this is real okay hand on the Bible
I don't have a Bible around hand on my
content a story is a hundred percent
true okay so here's what happened
yesterday I was on my way to North
Hollywood to edit a video with an editor
and I was meeting totally sketch there
so I'm driving I'm looking for parking
within report you can't find anything
there's a lot of food trucks a lot of
corn men and a whole shitload of
chihuahuas with no leash
I felt very at home anyways I'm looking
for barking the cult toys sketching I'm
like dude I can't find any parking he
goes oh the editors roommate is a
Mexican guy look for him he's standing
out front he's gonna find you parking
he's gonna wave you down give you a good
spot okay cool so I'm looking around and
on the corner I see a Mexican dude and
he's like oh I rolled my window I'm like
oh hey are you roommate he's like oh
yeah parking and I'm like dad no I'm
looking for parking so then he takes me
he opens up a gate starts to take me
down this alleyway I'm just like Oh a
little creepy there was like you know a
baby stroller that was empty with a
poncho over it in the middle of the road
whatever there was definitely some kind
of dead animal up against the fence but
you know whatever so then he pulls me
into this garage and I'm like okay cool
VIP treatment I'm in the garage great
but the garage is really really dark I
can't see anything so I pulled my car
and turn it off I open the door and he's
standing next to me and he's like
alright let's go in I was like okay I
trust you a stranger so then I'm
following him up the stairs I'm trying
to make conversation I'm like oh what's
it like living with a video editor
nothing no eye contact no verbal contact
nothing a little weird but you know
people in Hollywood are crazy you know
there's dead animals everywhere who
cares so then he takes me into this
apartment and this is when I started to
feel like things were getting weird but
I was just have a you know it's
Hollywood he opens the door and in this
apartment is just a bunch of plastic
furniture like lawn chairs and
newspapers everywhere like you think Oh
a carpet oh no no it's newspapers so
then I was like oh should I take my
shoes off because I always ask that when
I walk into somebody's house and then he
looked at me like you fucking idiot no
cool keep my shoes on whatever so then
we walk in
he's like oh it's back here i'ma go okay
so then he walks me down this hallway
this is when it started to get fucked up
in but you have stay with me guys okay
he walks me into this bedroom opens the
door it's dark can't see anything I walk
inside the room and I was like Oh
where's the editor nothing doesn't say
anything closes the door turns on this
tiny fucking creepy ass Pixar lamp
that's on top of a plastic chair and
when the lights go on bitch literally
the only thing in this room is a
mattress on the floor with no sheets and
a towel a motherfucking beach towel
bitch I turn around my heart's racing
I'm like this isn't right I've seen
taken I've seen taken one I've seen
taken two I sadly saw taken three this
should I write when I turn around he
goes to unzip his pants he goes to turn
off the Pixar lamp and he goes alright
let's do it click darkness is coming out
of me literally bitch I had a full-on
panic attack I was like haha what what
what's happening I backed up I tripped
over the fucking mattress I was just
like okay okay okay what's happening
what's going on
Pixar turn him back on the things that
Pixar lamp is probably seen in its life
could make a lot of sad ass movies so he
turns back on the light and he's like
wait what what and I was like I don't
know I don't know where where's the
editor where's the computer I'm scared
and then he goes oh wait oh he told me
he was in a truck truck wrong truck
wrong truck my truck not not his truck
what oh no no no no no no then he was
mad and I was scared and I said I'm
going can I go I need to go now and he
wouldn't look at me and he was still
standing for the door and I was like
okay alright I'm gonna have to Chuck
Norris's s I'm gonna have to fuckin run
and fuckin knock him through the door
and I'll have to like find some kind of
weapon to use but there's nothing here
so I guess I'll just smuggling with a
towel luckily he walked toward the
closet he was kind of pacing around
really weird and I opened the door and I
was like I'm leaving I got the fuck out
of there so then I get in my car I pull
the fuck out I'm driving away call
totally sketching like oh my god I think
I almost just was involved in some kind
of a Craigslist sex thing I don't really
know what's going on I find the actual
building with the actual parking lot and
the editor guy comes out he's like oh
where have you been I was waiting here
to show you the parking and I was like
bitch there was a miscommunication there
was a Freaky Friday mishap okay because
I just swap lives with probably a
prostitute so then as I'm getting my new
parking spot I look over and
chalk that lookie just like mine pulls
up and the Mexican dude walks over
starts talking to the guy and then they
go in the garage and I'm like oh it all
makes sense so then I had a sigh of
relief cuz I'm like you know what I
wasn't gonna be murdered I thought I was
gonna be murdered I thought he was
taking me in there - I don't know kill
me and put it on video but then clean it
up afterwards with a nice beach towel
then I was like oh no he's trying to sex
with me but he was really angry about it
and then I put all the pieces together
it was a closeted guy who was having sex
with a stranger and he was probably
freaking out because he got the wrong
stranger and his cover was blown
little does he know I don't care I was
just happy I was it murdered I was
flattered he thought I was good enough
to fuck and honestly that's all I want I
just want to be fuckable to a stranger
so that's the happy ending I'm alive I
didn't get fucked that Pixar lamp has
seen some shit and it was definitely the
craziest experience of my entire life
I saw my whole life flash before my eyes
imagine yourself walking into a room
that you think is going to be an editing
system and computers and coffee and
doughnuts and instead it is a mattress
on the ground and the light turns off
sit with that shit for a minute she
called me fucked all right you guys
that's my story of the day holy shit I
hope you enjoyed it because I didn't I
don't want to see you tomorrow because I
plan to hang with me at funny with you
and don't go in strangers places even if
you think they're not a stranger always
ask a lot of questions like what's your
name or are you the editors roommate
that might be a good question to start
with I guess I'd be funny with me
everybody with you and I'll see you come
on ah things are going too well when am
I gonna fuck up okay so so far I have a
filled up camp on fresh pimple puss and
pitbull puss that's infected literally
my trash can
