hey guys guess what the brand new
podcast is out with special guest all
right thank you
did you enjoy it I had so much fun I got
a little precone action good we also
talked about your porn career I did
never do get any more but if you guys
want to see porns just let me know I'll
do some naked shit check it out link
down there bye
you know when something's terrible but
for some reason you can't stop coming
back I actually probably just explained
my channel to do well you know what else
is like that
poopy kitchen did you hear me like I
started to be offensive and then I felt
bad about it and I went back to my voice
not fuckwits fully committed Tomy
kitchen yes it is another one of my
favorite times of day where I cook
something in my kitchen shove it down my
sink and waste $20 it's pretty much like
this oh god I can't do it I can't do it
I was gonna do it but I can't do it
I popped money too much now this one is
particularly exciting because it's more
of a buffet you got your rice you got
your onion rings you got your green
slime you got your tongue and of course
you have your testicle with a heart on
it I thought that was the only one let's
get cooking all right let's do this I'm
really excited about that little
situation
it's basically an oozing pimple that's
creating a pile I can just make one of
those on my back
oh there's so many things oh god what's
happening all right you know what I'm
actually going to try to read these
instructions because I want to fucking
do something right for once and the
nutritional facts are covering the
instructions damn it I tried so I just
actually figured out that this little
thingy is for water it only took me
seven videos to figure that out right so
from what I can kind of see in the box I
think the green goes in this little
thing okay look at that the perfect
amount and then I mix it with this
little four I love eating with little
Forks it makes me feel like a giant you
know it doesn't make me feel like a
giant my little penis and it's done okay
so this is some kind of goo that looks
right I'm doing it right oh this is fun
okay what's next
okay the orange thing goes in here life
is so much more fun when you actually
succeed okay so I just made well that
but I think it's right oh this is going
well okay the pink one goes in here I
think this is the top things are going
too well when am I gonna fuck up
okay so so far I have a filled up camp
on fresh pimple puss and PIPA puss
that's infected literally my trashcan
hey I think this is the meatballs what
if this is how God made people like he
was probably cooking up David Beckham
and he was like oh shit I forgot the
good looks in the talent well I'll just
make it Shane all right little Paul I
mean none of it looks delicious but I'm
doing it right so fuck off okay so I'm
gonna guess that this one is the Panda
for no reason and I'm just gonna put it
in that and this is where I fuck up no I
was doing so well
fuck you Panda uh-huh man now I want to
cry I was so fucking close all right
well there's gonna be no panda in our
buffet you fucked up you don't get it go
inside of me that was my Lisa impression
all right now let's make some onion
rings I'm gonna guess that they go in
here and I think it said that I put them
in this little baggie and then I squirt
them out like pus and it's supposed to
look like an onion right this is exactly
how Burger King doesn't except I didn't
just go to the bathroom and not wash my
hands one time I went to we interstitial
and the guy pulled the Wiener out of his
pocket bitch what all right now I'm
squeezing out the onion rings
Oh who and they are looking not right
this is what I imagined vegan poop to
look like hmm I mean honestly I'm
fucking killing it I think that's it am
I missing anything oh the rice obviously
I can't have a full meal without rice
without the rice it was just the turds
puss piss blood and snot all right okay
because I did it right I'm actually
gonna try to plate it this time so let's
put it on here okay little meatball
little onion booze obviously some rice
oh my god oh my god I made something I
don't know what it is but look look
fucking look don't oh my god I'm crying
oh my god I'm so proud this is probably
exactly how my mom felt when she had me
except she didn't eat me and spit me up
in the trash which is honestly what she
probably should have done okay there's
this and then there's this oh my god
I'm a fucking genius all right well
let's see if the Panda comes out and if
it doesn't I'll just pretend like it
didn't exist okay that never happened
all right guys this is a big moment this
might be the first time I don't have
fail in the title of this video never
mind you know what no no no I'm not
gonna judge it on smell
I always do that and it's wrong which
the kids in my elementary school with
about the same thing it's not my fault
that deodorant takes me rash pussy okay
I'm gonna start sinful and go with the
rest
okay the texture is not good but does
matter don't judge on texture but I wish
they would have said in high school why
you got to do that I was so proud oh if
it's rice then why does it taste like
this so if you have rice taste with your
pants down floater so skinny all the
time you just don't give you diarrhea oh
okay
so one of the things was bad we still
got more so get a chance okay
oh it's waving hi I'm waving bye uh-huh
mmm it's good
oh I hate lying it's nasty it's a fail
all right let's move on to the meatball
Oh hands gonna be delicious it's not
that bad Oh Oh made a good first
impression and then when it came in the
room it farted left oh oh and I wait my
bathroom took a poop and lock the door
hey need on my bed yeah any more to go I
don't know if I can deal with this you
know what i'ma save this one for the end
cuz I feel like that's gonna end with
projectile all right let's move on to oh
this one's just moving around the plate
that's fun I love when my food can move
by itself all right okay all right well
not that bad I'm gonna spit it out but
another it kind of been like somebody
named Rory grew up in their mouth I am
ate it again do it up again and then put
in my mouth now I will go up again he's
a vicious cycle
all right come on tampon be good to me
that tastes like blood this is the first
thing that tastes like it looks and you
know what I respect that
look at it look at that that's like when
you put a crab on our microscope nothing
I've done that either except I have nope
can't do it
yeah fucker do it all right my last
chance oh it hardened oh it looks like
an earthworm Oh smells like an earthworm
here we go
I don't hit it I don't hate it oh my god
oh I'm emotional probably cuz I'm on my
period I don't hate it I don't hate it
I don't hate a world I'm still Hawking
swallow though cuz I don't hate it but I
don't trust it alright one out of five
isn't bad I mean it was still a fail but
it was a half fail it was basically
every Mariah Carey performance in the
last ten years
like I saw with you were going for but
girl stop burning guys go that way
my poppin cookin buffet and you know
what I'm gonna be honest not as sick as
I feel when I go to the home Cal buffet
so props to you Papa kitchen let me know
in the comments what other poppin
kitchens you want me to do I also give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
because I make new videos every fucking
day well it's gonna pretend like none of
this ever happened
that's my life monoprice you guys I love
you see you later hi fix my hair why do
I think this is so funny
diseases are hilarious oh shit you sit
over there mmm
