welcome to bob.com while we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet he's just a simple man
attempting to pull a prank but with this
reaction he just might get into stand-up
comedy or stripping depending on if he
has any funny birthmarks love-love soup
and sandwich combos I also love run-on
exclamatory lists I can think of very
few things that would make me laugh that
hard
horrible puns for instance it's never
been very goethe at cheesy puns someone
being calmly robbed or falling in slow
motion or that video of a guy jumping
onto a slab of ice oh here's a sentence
I never thought I'd say similar to a
cinched handbag Justin Bieber might be
pulling himself together I was on Ellen
I was afraid of what people are thinking
about me right now I didn't want to come
off arrogant or conceited well basically
I've been acting the past year year and
a half
I'm not what was pretending to be and
how I'm not that person to say I don't
give a fuck you know I'm not that kid I
give mr. Bieber mega props this was a
really well put and well said video as
long as he does follow through on what
he's saying I do however feel obligated
to make some sort of joke or snarky
comment about the lighting so feel free
to play a little Mad Libs
fill in the blank in your head so you go
Justin Bieber own up to those mistakes
including the lighting in this video now
I remember when the first kids Bob came
out I must be a little bit behind with
the times because the last thing I
remember kids but being is cleaner
versions of trendy pop songs but it sure
seems like it's changing bring it
oh boy Kidz Bop you've really done it
this time
talk me a solid-fuel listens to the song
to figure out that they are not actually
saying bring it anal bad but apparently
Kidz Bop is actually saying bringing it
all back not sure what it is but it's
definitely not anal I came up with a few
ways you can use Meghan Trainor's sick
and beats to announce other things in
your life I'm bringing in baby back and
breakdown ring and crazy back I've been
institutionalized hovering and booty
back I got butt implants but they look
kind of weird so I'm returning them this
week on YouTube I unfortunately learned
how babies are made my friends at school
say that mommy's getting really fat then
they poop them out you hear that
nonsense our baby's Nathan's daddy mommy
I think it is you my pants guys this
just came out of my butthole huh so I
went to go poop to test this out and I
pooped out a mothball jar any doctors
please advise thank you for watching his
booty throws up a soda bomb now come
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode don't forget to give
it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis she's all to
check out my latest video here is a tiny
tiny preview your weak little girl body
could not possibly be tasked with such
an immense and complicated duty how dare
he
Wow cool great subscribe while you're
there
question of the day do you think Justin
Bieber is actually gonna turn himself
around I hope he does that would be
super great but I wanna know what you
think so leave it in a comment below
while you're down there you will also
find all of my social media links be
sure to check them out I post a lot of
cool things here's the foot is all good
