too much hey hey what's up you guys yes
today I'm gonna be playing with weird
fucking kid toys and I might have gotten
this for myself at the toy store I
couldn't help myself but that's a little
pug face and a little pug but it also
has a little pug dick why would they
have this at a children's store Wow who
cares I'm still gonna drink out of it
yes today I may be playing with some
toys and making fun of them and
hopefully not hurting myself some of
these toys are hard open I've got my
fingers on way too many Barbies in my
life I just admitted to playing with
Barbies let's move on this first toy is
called tiny hands I don't quite
understand that you playing with this I
guess it just makes you look like you
have tiny hands which just sounds like a
disease to me but I guess diseases are
fun if you don't have them on the back
it says host hilarious videos take cool
photos be the hit of the party what
party are you going to wear people are
gonna be like oh you brought them tiny
hands though actually probably one of my
parties okay first of all I could've
easily found these in a sex shop all
right so I guess I just took them in
like this see if they work hey loads of
you guys ha ha ha oh no they're funny oh
I like them oh I hate liking stuff it
fix my hair why do I think this is so
funny
diseases they're hilarious oh shit
you'll see that over there mm-hmm
no I don't want no scrub scrub is a guy
that can't get no love for me sitting on
the passenger side of the best friend
man
trash you and me okay the box is right I
just had a party by myself
who's speaking of which nope nothing
speaking a dumb shit puto so this is
play-doh that's supposed to look like
shit it also comes with corn and peanuts
but does it come with blood from eating
too many ding dong aluminum foil
wrappers because that's my vote so it
seems pretty easy I guess you just take
the poop and you put it in this little
mold
speaking of which no not fun All Right
see if it smells it does kind of smell
like poop I don't think it's supposed to
though I don't mind a fire to dry before
Sarah filming us
did anybody is to eat play-doh I didn't
I was too busy eating real food you
fucking sickos and now I just put the
little corn and peanuts in this is so
much easier than playing with actual
poop all right here we go oh oh oh my
god it worked
oh look at the peanuts put in a corn on
it and there you have $25 toy I don't
really know what the point of this is
that's it might be kind of funny to
throw it at your mom and that way she
won't get that bad my mom didn't like
any poop thrown at her I wish she did
though playing gorilla was my favorite I
also really wanted to play dolphin but I
don't know something about raping my mom
in the pool didn't feel right did I
scare you no just looks like I have a
sock on my head that's a waste of money
yes this is a zombie mask toy once again
it says you'll be the hit at the party
what fucking party are these people
going to I really don't know what you
would do with this besides I don't know
rob a liquor store huh what a good idea
I know what's supposed to be for going
to parties but I really have parties or
that many friends so so please oh yeah
yeah that was fun I'm gonna go kill
myself oh wow and zombie mask really uh
really fucked up my head blaming the
zombie mask Shane always blamed the
zombie mask all right last but not least
it's why I'm very excited to play
pokemon gloves now I've never seen
Pokemon I don't know anything about it
but Anthony from Smosh was talking about
it and he basically said that it's balls
that turn into something great which is
the opposite of what I have I have balls
that turn blue and then I cry let's play
okay first of all the kid on the back
could fucking kick my ass Danny has
better hair than me
Danny it's nice your teeth in me nope
nothing all right so it says one size
fits off those liars pokemons oh I feel
cool honestly I just fucking came a
little bit okay I know what that was but
the kind of stuff alright let's see
what's inside
somebody scratching their balls there's
only three sounds what am I supposed to
do with these
ah that was fun
oh I'm in danger I need a day to Saurus
a pooh-poohed honest a one bonus Oh a
convert to no Deus no that's just
Spanish instructions Oh pick at you I
know what that is I need to pick at you
and I died well that was worth it got it
again try and do the theme song so shut
up got it one more time
gotta catch'em Oh mummy you need me and
I need you because of you
uh no that's not right oh well I'm not a
Pokemon monster but you know what I am
I gotta has way too many things with
dogs on them that's worth something
right
gotta catch'em uh all right guys go that
was me playing with all these dumbass
toys in the comments below let me know a
toy to play with next also leave me a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day and if you
want to watch more of me playing with
dumbass toys I'll put a link to the
playlist below alright you guys I love
you and I'll see you tomorrow bye
Oh help me get Luke's follow this isn't
funny Shane just tweet I'm stop being
mean Shane block me first of all I don't
know who Luke is second of all are you
amanda Bynes if so thank you for
unblocking me
