because yes I am scared today I'm gonna
be watching a bunch of compilation
videos I think I don't think they're
hater videos maybe now I have been
seeing these a lot and I have not
clicked on it maybe a button and I'm
sure you guys have - there's some called
like this she doesn't okay and some
called Shane Dawson at one point to pay
for five minutes both of which I would
like to be played at my funeral but I've
actually not seen any of these mainly
because I don't click on anything that
has my name in the title because I don't
like looking at myself if I could not
click on a mirror
I would so here we go we're going to
experience this together get ready to
cringe did I say cringe I might cry
alright this first one is called that is
Shane Dawson okay this should just be a
really short video that just says nope
somebody saw the real darkness in my
videos this video is only two minutes
long I feel like it should be you find
out race oh I think this video is
something I should use for like when I
get a new therapist and they're like
tell me what's your issues hmm I'm just
gonna email you a link
I met this six year old child
blank emotions thanks
the blackest eyes oh this is actually
making me question okay nevermind I know
the answer but wait did you see that see
what I'm trying to think of a conspiracy
I don't think this one should be played
at my funeral I think this is my funeral
alright let's watch a snorting
compilation years ago I had been a pig
since you've been born do I have what
did you find a problem I don't know
about like what if I do it you needed
septum pack nose job what if I'm just
getting fatter and it's getting harder
to breathe me out okay this one is
called youtubers annoying Shane Dawson
for two minutes two minutes did you mean
10 years
don't touch me that's not real though I
love Gabi it's more like when people
touch me I want to burn their hands off
but that's my issue no wonder I smell
I'm gonna go soon or until I die to be
fair though every time I collab with
Joey like the schtick is that I'm
annoyed if I don't want to be there
which is also my shtick for lives like a
mean girl inside bitch
you thought musically stars were robotic
I just powered off whoo this one's
called Shane Dawson getting angry at
youtubers why do people invite me over a
cute boy was I wrong look at that
fucking beep I was genuinely like shook
by my love but that is not Geoffrey's
fault that he's gods oh wait there's a
video call that jeffree star annoying
Shane Dawson for a minute so a lot of
these products law I mean you never see
any of these broader the first step here
is primer okay I don't think I'm looking
no that's just my resting face I just
have a rest
why am i alive face so I shadow palettes
usually range from like twenty to forty
dollars this is what I'm thinking I
don't give up up I was thinking is your
dick tattooed and you put makeup on it a
lot of people actually pull this thing
out of it makeup is messy it looks gross
I wasn't kidding
here's the thing I did not mean any of
this to look like I was annoying it's
just the vibe of colliding with Jeffery
is like hanging out just like whatever
so I wasn't like trying to be funny the
whole time and also that make it was
messy like on camera
I looked so beat and then when I don't
have a mirror I wanted to beat myself up
I love Jeffery so that was funny see
what's next
this one's called a Shane Dawson throws
ultimate shade at Tennant mojo based on
all the previous videos they have done
and all the tweets we've seen on Twitter
you may believe that Tana and Shane are
good friends first of all I love how
serious this is I'm gonna sucked in
until Shane's last video where he throw
shade at Ana so hard he calls her
Twinkie and this is what he has to say
about it
Rickie's sit down like I know you want
to roll with the minions or guess what
bitch when you get involved in a
controversy bitch and somebody makes a
Content cop on you all that maybe they
gonna skedaddle
so Twinkie what you need to do is you
need to apologize you need to admit
you're wrong I need you to go back to
what you're known for which is delicious
fattening sugary ice flavor or fat fucks
like me this might have also been a note
to youtubers how was this shaded that
was good acts advice bitch that advice
you could pay for and by the way this is
stuff like Paulo Tana in private being
called a Twinkie is literally a
compliment but it's coming from me now
if I called you a broccoli oh wait this
one's called Shane Dawson annoying his
ready to watch me to know this makes me
think I hate you the a is really good
wait wait do you remember yesterday with
it what oh my gosh in the plane yeah
oh my gosh the number one thing that
Shane does that annoys me is when he
digs in his ass to itch it but under his
boxers so when he pulls his hand out it
smells like dirty asshole and he did it
in an inquest plane sorry I pulled out a
hand sanitizer just so I it's my ass and
I was like trying to be like all like
subtle about it so gross well yeah just
reliving the plane pretty tell me what
you I didn't believe that our post mates
here it's now sitting across your bed
yeah here's your picture oh when I'm so
annoying you just want to get me drunk
so I'll pass out
so I'll black out and maybe die this
room wait what it's time that you called
me hola Chris I don't even know if
that's a compliment or it is thank you
there oh and a nice one
all right this looks like a nice it's
like a highlight reel I should hire them
I can't with you
all right I'm bored by nice stuff it's
really weird though how editing can
affect how I feel about you be a video
ok meet with I'm a daily vlogger and my
relationship crumbles
ooh this one I saw um I recommended the
other day and I really want to click on
it I didn't this is called fishing
Dawson perfect once again it should be a
very short video saying oh my god this
is triggering I will also be sending
this video to my new therapist and tell
her what I have issues ok see my eyes
first of all this is giving you issues
like I have a lot of issues with myself
but I never thought my face was bad cool
hold on let me just go break a mirror oh
that's better
Oh get rid of that at all
a little ball right there that little
pimple you're not gonna get rid of the
pimple and even that Oh God this is why
I should never remove a plastic surgeon
honest hi
can I see your sharpie Thanks I'll do it
myself so do you all get me because I
think my knees okay help my ears there
today are the shininess yes that's a
distant future where we're all gay
robots but it's not cute look at the
comments on this oh my god the top
comment so basically he turned into a
riot not what Rylan looks like then I
guess I see it
alright let's get out of here there's a
Shane Dawson sneeze compilation all
right oh my god oh my god oh he's really
personal what that was before I had sex
why was i filming on a potato basically
ethos oh my god I just figure out what I
can do to support ready this is
something I do a lot isn't it my
snorting my sneezing maybe the surgeons
right I need a new nose but oh wait
there's a dam in Phil's knees
compilation I'm gonna have to go check
that out first okay that was wet sneezes
are fucking what you got a lube I should
be talking but damn can you imagine
sitting in front of him at the police
getting hurt just thinking about it how
come - liver sneezes OH
I would say it's trying to fit in I need
to get out of this sneeze compilation
okay this video is called how long can
you watch this guy i pronouncing
youtubers names wrong shine Diedrich
shine Diedrich what I think called Shawn
I've been called Shawn Dotson I think
all Dane Johnson I've been called a
mistake by a lot of people but that was
too much
oh my god this one's called 50 she say
kisses for those of you who are new here
my ex-girlfriend Lisa she's a youtuber
cuz I mean a public relationship and I
told myself I'd never do it again here
we go
just so
I've never showered why do people stay
with me oh that last one was awkward
because I think we had already broken up
but we were pretending we hadn't let's
just go back to that one this has become
try not to cringe callenge equally as
cringy my wallpaper oh my god there's a
Birkin compilation I am so proud alright
let's watch one more I think we should
end it with one starting it all that's
right
Shay Dawson saying hey what's up you
guys yes for two minutes straight
no no no I am never saying this again
did this video make behave myself yeah
oh it's Norden uh I don't get plastic
surgery break up with my boyfriend rip
out my voice box and stop eating okay
bye
finance guy that was me reacting to a
lot if you want to part two of this and
trust me there's a bad influence give me
a thumbs up so I know also make sure to
subscribe to my channel right now below
and either notification both of themI
new videos every single day and I'm just
going to go winter death
