hey that's of you guys now I know I
follow a lot of you on Twitter and you
send me a lot of direct messages and I'm
gonna be honest I'm scared I'm scared
that I have to report some of them to
the police I'm scared I'm gonna get
arrested I'm scared I'm gonna see a lot
of pictures of underage penises and I
like my penises overage you know I like
I'm over the age of 85 just like to feel
better about my penis what were you
talking about
oh yeah direct messages so today I
thought it would be fun if I went
through my direct messages and read them
for the first time with you guys as my
witnesses let's see how it goes all
right here we go we are inside of the DM
I am nervous I am excited I am dripping
let's do it
Oh Lord oh okay remember that time you
DM me back yeah me neither
it's usually like my mom never that time
you text me back Shane yeah me neither
I'm pregnant with your baby surprise
fuck me I'll make a low Mangalam
Mangalam Agel omegle omegle hi dad hey
what's up I'm Justin Bieber feel free to
fangirl do you have a daddy King there's
a lot going on in here I don't know who
I'm talking to am i talking to my dad am
i talking to Justin Bieber am i talking
to Joey Graceffa wearing a Monica from
friends wig where am I fuck you just
kidding I love you who is this Taylor
Swift hey what's up I'm sleepy but I
have to stay awake
I had homecoming today I didn't go I ate
so much I love being fat who is this me
oh it's a picture of her laying in a
pool with a blanket I'm confused a
hundred reasons why I love you Oh Lord
your old hair your new hair the way your
hair suits a little your penis hair oh
my god your chin your double chin that's
not funny your neck where I hug you from
wait what okay it's starting to get
really dark oh it's really getting dark
and she gave up after 52 understandable
Shane how many retweets do I need for
you to take me to prom in 2017 I don't
know how many dollars do you need to
bail me out of jail for taking a
teenager to bra about fifty thousand
dollars so let's make it happen I just
re-watched your suicide video they made
me feel so inspired and happy because
you've been through a lot and you're so
amazing Oh Thank You Shane it's been six
years and my dad still hates you thank
you I'm glad I checked my DMS
tweet Luke 5sos and tell him to follow
me please help help me get Luke's follow
this is a funny Shane just tweet I'm
stop being me Shane block me first of
all I don't know who Luke is second of
all are you amanda Bynes if so thank you
for unblocking me I may be a free elf
but you can be mine
asked her anytime don't know how to
respond to that rub me three times and
I'll come and I'm leaving my direct
messages I don't I I'd what do you like
pita oven baked crackers glad you guys
are asking me the important questions oh
my god facetune wrote me love the video
can we participate in the facetune
challenge oh I'm fangirling it's sad
that they follow me they must have seen
my profile picture and went yep he uses
us wanna hear some cheesy pickup lines
slide into my DMS sorry my DMS is filled
you know what I just thought I think on
Facebook fans can message me there too
and I bet that's even crazier oh god
that hair holy shit I look exactly like
Jodie Foster from panic room don't know
what she looks like here's a picture why
do boys date girls tomorrow's gonna be
the best day of your life the love of
your life is gonna walk up to you and
ask you out if you don't send this to 15
people you're bad luck starts now okay
first of all why are you sending me
chain letters second of all I didn't
resend it that makes a lot of sense I
guess I'm a stalker bitch now aren't I
are you real high yes I am real and yeah
stalkers a good word but I love it
oh my god whoo bitches taking duckface
to a whole new level
do you like KFC it's a complicated
question I like the macaroni and cheese
I like the gravy but I don't like the
potatoes I don't like the chicken but I
like the breading I like the biscuits
but I don't like the honey there's a lot
of confusing situations I must say I
would like a KFC if it was also a Taco
Bell which they do have and then it's
delicious because I can get my
Crunchwrap supreme and I can put some
gravy on it god I'm disgusting why do
you guys like me what in the hell is
this
so bitch is funny in her group chat haha
what the hell is this group chat about
oh god there's a video what is happening
why does she have a tampon on her lips
why does she have my hair cut from five
years ago why she got fluid in her lungs
she must've went to a crazy party Oh God
Oh Oh my first thought was whoa my
second thought was cute my third thought
was what I think it's a dog there might
be a cat it might be a drag queen I'm
not really sure Oh God
Oh oh shit yeah on that note I think I'm
gonna go blaring guys go that was my
checking your guys's messages video Wow
on a serious note I really love you guys
and yes I don't check my DMS that much
because I'm fucking busy making videos
for you guys but when I do check them
they're always funny it crazy so keep on
sending me shit aren't you guys help me
up my name would be I'm fighting with
you I will see you tomorrow make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make videos every
single day alright see you guys later
how did it hi deliver I mean is a mirror
ago on KN 8 see guys later
also Rocco and heifer used to eat at a
place called the chalky chicken which
also means jokey chicken if you know
what I'm saying I don't know it explains
why I jerked off so much as a kid
