I'm sitting on the floor I have a candle
lit behind me Christmas lights you know
what that means it's almost February and
I should probably take those down but
I'm too lazy yes it also means we're
gonna be talking about conspiracy
theories ah that was supposed be scary
but it just like I was choking on a dick
or maybe I was choking on a dick but it
was an invisible dick conspiracy yes
today we're gonna be talking about my
favorite subject which is conspiracy
theories except this time we're going to
be talking about Nickelodeon ones so
here are my top five Nickelodeon
conspiracies number one all the babies
and the Rugrats are dead so some people
think that Rugrats is actually about a
girl Angelica who is seeing all of these
dead kids
Chucky's mom actually died which
explains why his dad is such a disaster
Tommy actually died during birth which
explains why his dad is always down in
the basement making toys making toys
maybe to cope with the loss of his son
maybe Phil and Lil's mom actually had an
abortion and Angela didn't know whether
or not the baby was a boy or a girl so
she just made him twins
I know this sounds crazy but think about
how come Angelica's the only one that
can hear the babies talking but she's
not a baby herself also why are the baby
so fucking creepy looking cuz they're
dead number two
Rocko's Modern Life was pretty
pornographic now I used to love this
show so much and it explains why I grew
up so I don't know fucked up number one
rocco worked at a phone sex hotline
especially cinnamon
I might be Oh baby Oh baby Rocco just be
capable also Rocco and heifer used to
eat at a place called the chunky chicken
which also means shoki chicken if you
know what I'm saying I don't know it
explains why I jerked off so much as a
kid I don't really know why Nickelodeon
would make dirty ass cartoons for kids
although it started before the cartoons
cuz let's be honest the fact that at
every Nickelodeon award show some young
star is covered in some gooey substance
you can color that slam whatever you
want to color it bitch that's sperm
number three Hey Arnold isn't exactly
what you think now this one's actually a
little bit sad but makes a lot of sense
now the theory is that Arnold's
grandparents are actually is real
parents and they had him way too late in
life which gave him a birth defect the
birth defect is known as Arnold chair re
malformation which basically means a
huge inflamed head that looks like a
football and is caused by parents having
the baby too late now I don't know I
kind of believe this one because number
one why would they call it hey Arnold
and why would they name him Arnold if he
has this weird disease that is also
named Arnold that's a fucked up shit now
I fell down a really deep dark hole on
Wikipedia and found an interview
supposedly with the creator of Hey
Arnold who said that the show was based
on a nine-year-old boy that you met in
New York had a huge football head who
had that disease this is parents are too
old to have him and he had created a
bunch of friends in his mind because
nobody wanted to be his friend and the
creator thought it'd be interesting to
make a cartoon about that and now
supposedly all of hey Arnold's friends
are really just in his big head I know
it's a mindfuck it's a football shaped
mind fuck number four SpongeBob
SquarePants is actually about drugs now
this is one of my personal favorites
because it's really dumb but it kind of
makes a lot of sense
spongebob is obviously on meth because
he's always energetic always crazy and
happy and always kind of paranoid he
also goes from really really happy to
really really mad or really really sad
really really quick which is something
that happens when you're on that Gary
I gotta finish our dessert and you're
gonna like it
Patrick is obviously smoking weed all
the time because number one is always
laughing and I don't really know what
he's laughing about and number two
well the fuck is always eatin Squidward
is on heroin I don't even need to
explain mr. Krabs is on cocaine he's
really intense really energetic and he's
always concerned about money because
let's face it
cocaine is expensive and last but not
least Sandy Cheeks is a raging alcoholic
every episode she's in she ruins it
because she's been drinking she probably
stores it in her cheeks along with her
feelings whoo that's some dark shit and
last but not least one of the craziest
conspiracy theories which isn't really a
conspiracy theory it's more of a
subliminal message is that Ren and
Stimpy is supposed to rot your
children's brains this is a clip for
mine and Stimpy that is so disturbing
and so sexual that I don't even I what
what
the seat that he just did that just okay
Ren when right now
don't you why Nickelodeon all right guys
go those are all my conspiracy theories
/ subliminal messages from Nickelodeon I
hope you enjoyed that hope it creeped
you out a little bit everything you
watch on TV isn't really what it seems
it's probably porn let me know down the
comments what your favorite conspiracy
theories are and what else you want to
hear about
I got conspiracy theories about pretty
much everything I'm obsessed with it all
also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every single day I will see
you guys tomorrow
or maybe I'll see you today or maybe
I'll see you next week or maybe you'll
never see me at all because I'm just a
figment of your imagination by God all
this dick is so big Oh
sometimes a grown up likes to rent a
bouncy slide don't judge me okay
I also like to rent a Disney Princess
themed castle you can judge me
