guys wait why don't we just turn off
skype here's nothing I love more than
going through old Facebook photos that's
a lie I love pretty much everything more
than that I would rather go into lush
and have somebody force-feed me a bath
bomb and shit out glitter for a month
and look through old Facebook photos
because I know you guys will find it
entertaining and because I'm your
fucking monkey and I'm only here to
entertain you I'm trying to make you
laugh I'm gonna do it all so I'll
probably end up eating a bath bomb or
something it sounds like a challenge
alright here we go I am on my personal
Facebook page which I hardly ever use
except for when I'm trying to untag
myself from pictures that people have
taken of me at parties not because I'm
wasted but because I'm awkwardly in the
corner by the food standing alone crying
yeah I'm a crazy guy alright here we go
oh god oh fuck this is at the very first
VidCon if you can't see me I'm the dog
with the floppy ears oh my god oh look
at the vest look at that sad smile let's
get a zoom in on that face
hates his life not as much as her though
that bitch won't kill herself
oh my god this was from a weekend trip
that I took with my friends so there's
brie she was blond at the time there's
Kate let's get a close-up on that face
either the wind was blowing hard that
day or that bitch was having a stroke by
the amount of food we ate that weekend
probably a stroke and then if you can't
see me I'm the one in the back wearing
the chemo beanie yep that's me why do I
always look like a dog do I have a dog
face my ketchup no shada Kesha but she
kind of looks like a golden retriever
right I can say that I look like a dog
oh that was me my brother and my friend
uh
and we went to fucking Harry Potter land
I didn't know anything about Harry
Potter land but I
to know that they had butter beer which
was just liquid fat so sippy sippy
that's my 10 year old cousin I like to
dress her up and drag and make her hold
guns
I'm the cousin of the year Oh oh my god
first of all I look really depressed
which is shocking because there's a huge
plate of food in front of me so that's
my grandma in the middle she's not here
anymore of a she was fuckin shit that's
a baby but Jared is holding way too
tightly and I'm wearing my hats again
I'm starting to question whether or not
I had hair
was I always wearing a wig because this
is suspicious sometimes a grown-up likes
to rent a bouncy slide don't judge me
okay
I also like to rent a Disney princess
themed castle you can judge me you know
dogs in a severed head I'm a youtuber so
sometimes when I was in high school I
would like to go to Walmart at 12 a.m.
and find oral anal gel and take pictures
with it I also like to put butter on my
hair
holy shit Oh God my personal style
hasn't changed at all I think I still
wear that shirt of course now I only
wear it on my eatin days cuz it's so big
I don't know I really don't know I was
kinky fat and kinky that's me pretending
to be a singer I did it way before
Trevor Moran and Ricky Dillon dude once
again my young cousin that I would dress
up and drag and make whole guns cousin
of the year oh god that's me when I was
little I'm the fat one with the tree
trunk legs and the glasses and I'm
pretty sure Jared is grabbing his penis
we're a classy Bunch yes I'm boobs deal
with it sometimes I like to decorate the
house for Christmas you know something
subtle and appropriate this was one
night where me and Lisa were going to go
on a date and I didn't know we were
dressing up so I wore a shitty jacket
and my ugly tight jeans with a hole in
the crotch
she wore a party dress why she's still
with me I don't fucking know just
playing with my monkey I'm grown-up
that's me and Shauna walking out of a
fan meeting
Rita VidCon cracking the fuck up mainly
because I just farted like crazy during
the main grief and all the fans melted I
want to give them a part of me sometimes
I turn into Ellen DeGeneres just happens
I know control it oh my god I met the
guy from Cupcake Wars I was so excited
to see him he was so terrified of me
maybe because I walked up to him and
said oh my god I watch you at night when
I binge eating kind of scared him away
and last but not least me and Tara Reid
I don't even I don't I what a sharknado
doll over her and it was
Rose well Mary guys go that was a
journey through my facebook tagged
photos I'm sorry
make sure to get me a thumbs up and
subscribe I make new videos every single
day and down in the comments let me know
what else you want me to look at you
want me to look at old myspace pictures
I don't even want to do that
oh the emails old computer histories I
don't care I'll do it all right you guys
hope you're coming with me have a night
with you
I'll see you tomorrow hi there baby is
the best of her and you won't get any
child support that baby's gonna eat
mustard and dirt that just got really
sad
