you bomb calm well we talked about the
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
breaking news breaking news apparently
something really big has happened to
Taylor Swift and based on the way that
every media outlet ever is freaking out
I can only determine that a certain
picture has been leaked to Taylor's
Instagram a certain picture showing a
certain body part that's right guys the
rumors are confirmed Taylor Swift does
have a belly button Oh hurry online
Niall it is absolutely going bananas
over this picture which is originally
the reason I thought her nudes had been
late hits a belly button which if you
were born from the person you possess I
mean I am in no way trying to be any
sort of expert in this field but her
belly button seems like a pretty quality
one overall this Instagram photo is
super cute prime filter selection it
looks like it could be a real-life
representation of the powderpuff girls
at a beach this guy gives a whole new
meaning to the term morning person I
would also like to give a small round of
applause to his abs he probably puts a
lot of time and energy into them and
that effort deserves to be recognized
we're gonna go short 'less man
I really wish I could wake up every
morning and be that prepared to tackle
the day immediately I could get so much
done I could finish all my schoolwork
reply to emails and still have time to
go to a noonday rave or get a part-time
job as a go-go dancer I made a list of
gross things that everybody secretly
loves doing some of these things are not
even that bad smelling your own fart is
probably an inherent survival technique
made so that we can tell if something is
wrong with our own bodies this statement
has not been approved by a medical
professional a gross thing that
everybody loves doing that is not on
that list popping pimples we all know
that it is an incredibly satisfying
feeling you can lie about it all you
want at the end of this video BuzzFeed
asked viewers to leave a comment down
below letting them know a gross thing
that they do so just like the YouTube
interviews Obama I thought it would be
pivotal and groundbreaking and very
important for me to read through all the
comments computer comments let's do it
okay so I'm going to go to the newest
comments first because hopefully it'll
be the weirdest somebody commented what
was the first one and then they
immediately replied actually I don't
want to know I love putting my finger in
my ass after I and smelling the bits of
on my finger am I the only one that does
this oh but I'm going to take a deep
breath because this is a safe space
YouTube comment sections are not the
place you go to be judged so I guess
help a fella out leave a comment down
below you ever done that
this isn't gross but I dip the tips of
my fingers in the melted candle wax and
let it harden then take it off I agree
when I was younger and very bored I was
really into making my own candles and so
that is 100% something I have done
multiple times throughout my life and
honestly I'm not shamed of it okay I
think that is enough youtube comment
section to Dirar
I am already making diapers in my hair
so thank you for watching this cell
the tastic episode of bob comely beam
hits you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this video
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
head on over to youtube.com slash Alexis
she's all check out my latest video
where I like time-traveling with Andrea
Russett and will hence the name go leave
a comment on my latest video saying
pimple popping so I know the Sencha
question of the day I'm 150% going to
regret this but is there a gross guilty
pleasure that you have leave it in the
comments below
zel good
