hey what's up guys welcome back to what
the fuck news my name is Destry and I
have a fucking huge forehead some people
are bored with really nice small
foreheads and other people like me are
born with foreheads the size of Jamaica
I don't make the rules but this is what
the fuck news we talk about the
obscenely weird ass news did you might
have missed in the last week and the
first thing that I want to talk about
today is twerking twerking being 60% of
the videos on the entire internet and
the closest thing that porn that guys
can watch on YouTube chances are you've
seen a video of someone twerking or you
yourself have made a video of yourself
twerking talking to you every girl ever
but it's work video recently went viral
of a girl falling out of her car while
attempting to make a twerk video let's
be a message to everyone who tries to
make a twerk video in a moving car with
the door open yo fuck face everyone
needs to see my ass right now this is
about Jenny but apparently the girl who
fell out of the car 18-year old Brittany
Simone who puts even the most severe
duck face pictures to shame he's
completely fine with only a few
scratches on her back and no broken
bones it more what the fuck news a
British father was arrested for sending
his kid to school with a lunch bag full
of cocaine and knives
hey go Timmy if you want to be cool in
high school this is all you need free
never hurts to start early but
apparently the dad 23 year old Lee Webb
accidentally confused his son's lunch
bag with the bag containing all of his
drugs and knives which his kid
accidentally took to school the bed was
discovered later when the kids were
having lunch and the teacher opens the
bag expecting to find the sandwich and a
kool aid jammer cuz those are awesome
only to find several individual bags
containing small amounts of cocaine a
banned stimulant called method roam and
two knives fucking idiot what has
recently gone to court and found guilty
of felony drug possession with the judge
saying your stupidity put children at
risk and I consider the potential
exposure to children of these drugs is
so serious only an immediate custodial
sentence can be justified
you tell them judge I will since
dad has been jailed for four years and
is unfortunately missing out on father
of the Year award this year darn it
that's what the fuck knows have you ever
wanted to put your penis in someone's
ankle no well now you can my new sex toy
has the whole world wanting one he
cleverly named vajay Co which is a
vagina built into a severed human ankle
what the fuck why does this exist like
though is this for the makers of the sex
toys sin boutique says these quirky
little feet have a vagina built right
into the ankle Wow just when I need it
cuz you know when you can't have sex
with a real person the next best thing
is a human ankle with a vagina built
into it okay the bedico goes for $179 on
Sid boutique which is clearly a steal
and can also come with customized nails
realistic veins and different foot
arches huh my question is how do you
explain this when someone comes over
your house and sees it and is like hey
Steve what's that and oh that's what the
jangle dude what the fuck is a Bujinkan
oh it's just a vagina belton to a human
ankle no big deal just don't touch it up
this is a lot of semen in it yeah I I
gotta go um yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna go
and lastly what the fuck news a West
Palm Beach Florida teen posed as a
doctor for over a month just so we could
be close to and see vagina a lot of
vaginas stuff in the news lately
apparently the kid whose identity has
remained unknown simply walked into the
st. Mary's Medical Center wearing a lab
coat and no one questioned him or ask
for his credentials in me month that he
was spying on womens lady parts holy
shit that kid's got some balls he's
going somewhere in life I mean probably
jail but he's going somewhere but I mean
dude come on there has to be a better
way to look at lady parts yeah it's
called pornhub or better yet there's
this new magical device called the
pachinko yours for only 179 bucks it's a
steal but the kid was caught by one of
the actual gynecologists doctors dr.
Kent who called the police but is not
following any criminal charges due to
the teens mother saying that he had an
undisclosed illness that he hasn't been
taking meds for and that's why he did
this elaborate plan to spy on random
ladies genitals I don't buy it but hey
I'm not a doctor
give me a lab coat and then we'll see
but I just wonder how did no one spot
this he was
for over a month doctor you're needed in
the ER room I can't sorry I'm checking
out this chick pussy so wait a second
aren't you a bit young to be a doctor
I'm wearing a lab coat aren't I so you
know fuck up oh yeah sorry doctor I
didn't even see that I'm so sorry
continue what you were doing I'm sorry
anyway so this has been what two fuck
you
and my question the day for you guys is
what do you think about twerking is it
cool does it give you a boner shouldn't
die in a fire let me know in the
comments down below all in today's
stories as always or in the description
below as well as all my links before you
guys go make sure to check out my
channel youtube.com slash captain estes
for more of me yeah okay but I will see
you next week for another what the fuck
news and Fairwinds
