hey guys guess what the new podcast with
jenna Marbles is that right now the link
is down there click it hi I'm sorry that
I look like I'm about to shit myself but
it's because I am I am here with Lucas
and we are going to be reacting to my
Fred is dead video which is probably the
first video that you guys might have
seen of my and I am sorry I don't know
what the fuck you stuck around I don't
know I watched it I don't know why many
of you watched it we're gonna watch it I
haven't seen the whole thing
funny sonic what made you stop watching
happy I think I was just scared I mean
it says fred is dead I don't know if you
actually wanted to kill me you don't
know the ending I don't I remember I saw
shooting and I was like I can't watch ha
ha ha like once the gun came but I was
like I have to turn this nightmare no no
okay you like the ending okay I'm like
shaking
alright here we go I'm excited Oh God
okay oh god okay oh the facts what did
you use the Oedipus Oh Jon's doing run
away okay I just need to pause it for a
minute you were such like a myspace I've
been so popular on MySpace were you know
you had to avenge no I was no Mitchell
Davis bitch people would click on me
thinking like whose mom is that oh it's
Shay to answer your question I edit this
on my beautiful moviemaker resume
oh yeah Windows Movie Maker I didn't
have enough money for editing obviously
you can tell by my smoke detector
hanging off the wall and my TV with
built-in VCR London Underground on
YouTube and I saw that one of the most
subscribed people of all time was this
kid Frank no hears so many hundreds of
thousands of subscribers there's no way
I'm gonna be able to top it so the only
other thing to do it's to get rid of him
first of all can I just say that was me
being like you know what I'm a comedian
but also I'm an actor and so I was like
I'm gonna be really intense at this part
I'm gonna kill him
that's so funny in that work talking
about that I can't do it I'm not a
killer I can't kill somebody can see the
dancer on my shoulder but
oh man I'll tell ya back at my mom time
here's the question for a long time long
time usually you've got the Fred angle
down yeah Brazil those are not the
Friday go those were me trying to not
look fat angles I think I do have a Fred
video moment I'm like all our milky
skinny okay camera hi skinny antennas
those pajama pant your flattery did you
fart in videos I didn't but I'm Mike
smart smell like peanut both at sounds
like something red would say okay well
I'll blame the bad joke on you then I'm
going to drink my own pee yeah - Tamar
focus do you oh my gosh you just had
piss play I'm in the video waters for
literally I remember going to the
kitchen be like mom how do I pee in my
mouth how did you have a water gun I
think I had a water bottle with apple
juice in it
oh no you guys switched it together with
my thighs this video has a lot of effort
in it - God make it which is PE - that
what violence in this video that really
stark perfection is Starbucks hmm that's
shitty
what is happening I don't remember
anything this is like your jar beside
coming
my mom honey Oh No Oh God look at my
hair my hair is real shining it's very
my space yeah okay this is ready
gunshots come isn't it
and I just sing what yes conversing what
the hell am i wearing under my shirt you
have like I don't know I think I know
what that is but you gonna have to wait
to read my book to see what it is oh my
gosh I'm excited
I'll give you a hint it's probably a
child-size wetsuit from Target move on
you invented the space infection Oh God
was this a very fresh in a nay I don't
think it was but that was definitely the
very first time I had walked out in
public like that and I lived alone again
how did you do that you're under the
side for my mom is holding the neck oh
shut up
she's like does this look good Jamie and
I'm like yes it does
oh my gosh is so funny yeah my name is
Sheneneh and Shane Dawson 72 joke him
and all his favored fucking face I'm
Gigi gorgeous do you live in hell what
well that's why yo chipmunk ass is going
ooh
props
look at SAAP motherfucker why won't you
die oh shit oh my god I survived I and
then more p.m. and then more piously yes
I love it oh I love every nervous that
was violence there was mom murdering
there was Wario's words and had
everything that honestly had everything
except for comedy so wait you saw this
video you said you saw it nicely
I did see some people always treated me
saying you should watch fred is dead and
I was just too scared to watch it and
then because also there was a video game
online where you could like shoot me so
I thought it was going to be something
like that but no but but at the end but
no it's a loving video I mean I should
have watched it at 13 I even put an
annotation at the bottom that said I
love Fred if he sees this I hope
everything's okay I love you so
everything is fine I love it any makes
me happy knowing that your mom was like
holding the camera yeah she loves did
you film it on your new comes in on a
laptop filmed it on my shitty s white
laptop that is so funny
and then I edited on that and I remember
I uploaded it I'm like I gotta get this
out now I gotta get this out and the
cool part was fuckin of my video is
called for his dead and then iCarly
called her episode with you Fred is dead
oh yeah absolutely her fake convinced of
it I'm Miranda Cosgrove
pitched it probably after watching this
well thank you guys go it was those
reacting to that terrible fuckin shitty
s-video Cobra news channel subscribe our
video let's watch your video what are we
doing we're doing that sexy Disney
Channel tag that all the beauty girls
are doing oh I'm gonna win what's a
black princess is named Raven I don't
know I'll just go to Raven I think it's
a funny other video if you mention is in
your thumbs up and subscribe
today and I'll see you guys tomorrow and
guess what you're never da I won't ever
die ever he's Bionic bye huh someone's a
shit yeah there we go
yeah I'm done we're done
