what's behind the hair would what's your
your thought on is it like Britney
Spears where she says she dyes her hair
brown when she's feeling the voices in
her head coming have you heard that
she's not that you know her yeah if
you're asking no I'm not insane
blow me that only means one thing
Trevor Moran is coming over actually two
things cuz Trisha Paytas is coming over
yes we're gonna do some collab videos
today and I'm really excited because
Tricia and Trevor has never met and me
and Trish talked about him all the time
we do his dances we sing his songs and
now she's finally gonna meet him I don't
think they're gonna have sex number one
he's underage and number two he's mine
so we'll see what happens
also it's really late like Christmas was
what a month ago but I hadn't seen Trish
sense because she went on a cruise and I
got her some presents you're gonna see
her open those I got her karaoke machine
because she loves to sang but it's a
Hello Kitty karaoke machine because
she's a little kid just like me
hopefully we play with that later
and blow your guys's eardrums also total
side note I told you guys about that
3-month diet and exercise thing that I'm
doing well I just weighed and I lost 11
pounds in the first week which is crazy
and I know a lot of you guys are like
that's doesn't sound healthy at all
Shane well it was a lot of water weight
and that's kind of how my body is you
know I hold a lot of water so you know
when I do it diet I usually lose a lot
the first week and then it takes a look
it's a little harder later but I'm not
even trying to lose weight I'm just
trying to I don't know tone up and get
muscly so I'm just like building the
guns you know I'm sorry I'm he knows
what I'm saying I'm kidding he's dead
Trisha Paytas camera waiters are bait
deluxe one why what does that mean why
is that so cool-looking
look how like little mine is look how
like epic yours is wait what I had never
heard that okay it looks the same no
you're this huge what like I said it's
kind of big
it's huge my love it did you just have a
thing on the bottom cuz I just found out
about yet your stuffs but I didn't even
know about this anyway sorry
yeah so I got hurt okay guys
oh my God we're gonna bad everybody
doing this one you bought purposely to
win because these are all
um you know we got some ariana grande we
got some okay smile v/o bitch oh we got
some Demi Lovato what take about that's
stronger by Kelly Clarkson yeah I'll
dominate but then to dominate me out you
little sucker whores which I've never
seen it on anything about a serious um
yeah no we have to watch Oh what oh my
gosh because you're like seriously the
best friend in the whole world I don't
know anyone who knows me like better
than you it's like a sad thing to say
kind of me I'm Jesus Christ
all right well Trevor's on his way we're
gonna miss layoffs and it's gonna be the
weirdest time of our life
yay oh my god come on
what I will do photo shoot today
Oh being here no no I took it out you'll
see before then that I wear this mr.
Moran was in a blog I got it cause of
you I did it was the podcast log you
were walking up and like the little
thing and you had it on I was like I
gotta get out of here no I love to
actual Queens yes bitch guess what guys
we're getting ready oh look a little you
look taller than me hi god you're a big
all right bitch hmm so we're gonna
perform we're gonna do a bunch of eight
a couple videos but this one we're gonna
perform an interest is gonna judge us
now what song are you gonna sing why
ruin it
no want to mean tail you're right I'm
sorry about all the shade of over for
them but Shane awesome TV girl you you
on that level yet grown unilateral
infection you as a matter of fact he was
allowed you did good you were the star
of that yeah by the way let's just say I
texted you the morning before I put it
or than I can warp it up and I said hey
I'm just gonna you know I made a couple
jokes about you and made fun of you not
wanting to pet a pussy I made a couple
jokes and you know like listen like I
don't want to make you uncomfortable
like what are your thoughts and you said
put it up cunt with the nail emoji
we're the what man monument I was like I
love this bit I literally had literally
texted three people and I said yes I
love this bitch wait did I run with the
nail mode you put the wet like the yeska
I'm gonna predict you know maybe he's I
leave it in kind I was like and this is
why you're my queen
we're gonna film a video and then you're
gonna judge what are you what are you
judging on when Josh on the sassiness
okay and thus lan√∫s and whatever else
present use I'm really excited
sorry judge guys are like it's literally
like twins right now when I look at you
- I'm like oh my god are you Shane or
you or your daughter though obviously
saying obviously me the I am you me or
me like right now we're giving Trish
plastic surgery no facetune yeah she's
never heard of it before
I'm really happy I'm so I mean it was
the king of face turn over here what do
you want to do fix my forehead at weight
with it like short like short short on
my forehead that has a big ass for
highlighter on you buddy
how do you do it with what can we do
surgeries no look at what he's doing he
literally just did that thing with his
team it made it all like perfect my
instant Botox I'm fucking awesome okay
let's get rid of these it's so much
easier than real plastics right I mean I
need this I need you full time in
forever
bye okay let's see before and after
ready this is before okay you have
French ah oui - oh I though the Oh
what's happening look he's thinking real
hard
hey looks like someone took a shit on my
eyebrow mileages and my forehead you did
not make it smaller you know Kate it by
the way we talked about what you're
eating he said he hated he's like Oh
girls wow so gross I hate it some pound
cakes you bought from 7-eleven hahaha
cream cheese cake be better ever
eleven buddy haze well apparently you
love someone's a shit yeah I'm dying
fuck this shit are you doing yeah make
your own thumbnail by yourself I'm
making a thumbnail right now and I was
like oh I'm gonna call this video I'm
getting plastic surgery because people
be like oh my god what and look okay and
especially if my face is like if you
look at my videos I have a lot of videos
that are like my cat died I'm like my
face is like ah whether you click on
it's like one of my favorite things to
do sometimes it is real though like I
have a video going up soon talking about
like abortion and shit and it is real
but such a sin it my own it's called my
thoughts on abortion and it's me going
oh yeah that's not the chain one or that
I have a secret you can say fuck man is
secret with you as a secret like almost
a linked play with him and bitch
that's your Arbor I'm taking to make
that thumbnail right there okay so
that's a picture of me that I literally
used in like over 35 thumbnails let me
see you do the thumbnail do the picture
that you did for are you guys hope you
have fun eh those we have any with you
right before I turn on the camera I was
like I've masturbated in public before
it okay guys cuz you guys have you
funnier than you by and I'm not getting
plastic surgery I promise unless do I
need it maybe this that is not a good
friend me bye guys take a Taylor Swift
no fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
choke on that microphone choke on those
hipster glasses choke on that pink hair
dye
