hey guys guess what the new podcast with
jenna Marbles is out right now the link
is down there click it we talked about
our butts we talked about sticking
things in it we spiked about what was
more me and Justin Bieber's penis how do
you think it went oh it was great
especially the buds and the buds
check it out link is down there bye hey
what's up you guys yes today it is
another one of these crazy quiz days
because I didn't feel like wearing pants
that actually has nothing to do with it
but I just felt like telling you guys
that
pop quiz what am i balls look like and
the answer is a raw Turkey you failed
all right so this quiz is going to be
the ex-boyfriend quiz I guess it tells
me what kind of an ex-boyfriend I am I
hope serial killer stalkers an option
let's start playing
Real Talk what is the best revenge
living well becoming really famous
falling in love with somebody better
having them regret their actions just
being grateful you broke up I don't
believe in revenge I don't see murder
why don't I see murder I don't know I've
never really had a relationship that
ended where I felt like I needed revenge
but hypothetically I would probably
murder that I don't see murder all right
I'm gonna say I don't believe in revenge
that's a lie I kind of love revenge I'm
gonna say falling in love with somebody
way better it's kind of like when you're
at McDonald's you're like sorry we're
out of the Big Mac today you're like
okay and then you go to talk about and
get the grunt grip slippery I don't need
that extra bun in the middle is just
getting in the way among me pick a tvx
Betty Draper I don't know who that is
Alex boasts that looks like drew Monson
Jamie's something Alicia's something
Olivia Pope and Ross Geller bitch
picking him wait did I just come out of
the closet
who cares it's worth if Ross you see
your ex to the party what do you do
flirt with somebody hotter stick to your
friends come say hi hang out with them
like nothing happened avoid them like
the plague or brag about your life all
of these are things that youtubers do at
VidCon which is why I hate going to
VidCon I'm gonna stay stick to my
friends which basically means me alone
in a corner eating them little mini
brownie backs what are your friends like
about you I don't know why I hate myself
I'm kidding I like how much I like going
to target is that on there your ability
to forgive easily no your ambition well
your unwavering loyalty definitely your
honesty well your confidence well your
constant optoma I can't even finish
reading that I'm gonna go with loyalty
I'm like a golden retriever I always
stay by your side and then you hit me
with the card pretend I never
just pick a Beyonce hit flawless I don't
even know what that is why is she doing
the Illuminati symbol I told you she was
in the Illuminati love on top I get my
love on the bottom wait oh god I think I
just came out again 7/11 I'm gonna pick
that I don't even know that was a song
but bitch let me some 7-eleven what's
your ultimate breakup remedy I don't
know going to the gym and taking care of
myself that's a joke right I'm gonna say
simply hanging out with myself what do
you always look forward to my furniture
oh my future I look forward to my
furniture but I'll go with future pick a
Taylor Swift no fuck you fuck you fuck
you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
fuck you choke on that microphone choke
on those hipster glasses choke on that
pink-haired I choked on your fingers
choke on that ugly headband choke on
that I love you sign
what's your shirt say Jews on it I have
a lot of questions you got happy to be
single you're not someone who needs to
be in a relationship if anything you're
happy to be free sure if the right
person comes along you'll be stellar but
for now you're just happy doing your own
thing and dancing like this well Lisa
I'm sorry I got to tell you something
we're done cuz I guess I'm happy being
single sitting on my furniture alone
listening to Beyonce and going to
7-eleven while crying about Taylor Swift
being a bitch let me know down in the
comments what kind of ex you think you
are
alright you guys hope you have fun with
me I put hang with you yeah I love you
leave a thumbs up and subscribe and all
that other shit and I'll see you guys
tomorrow and I will never break up with
you I promise
alright you guys love you bye shit I
don't have any candles let's just like
the receipt happy birthday to die it's
highly flammable oh my god
