hey what's up you guys I don't know
about you but I ate a big meal last
night I'm feeling a little bit guilty
and depressed so I decided to make
another puppy kitchen and try to eat it
yep that'll make it all come up yes you
guys wanted me to do another poppin
kitchen so that is what I'm gonna do
this time we're doing cake which is
perfect because I'm used to
disappointments on my birthday let's
open it up
puppy kitchen okay um so I'm assuming
this is a cake even though it just looks
like some kind of tattoo Miley Cyrus
would have on her breast either way it's
gonna make me vomit
oh it's color there I love that brand Oh
No oh there's so much happening oh god
what are these
okay these kind of look delicious but
I've done enough of these to know that
it's a lie okay now luckily I think this
one has instructions nope don't
understand them great alright so once
again I'm just gonna guess to me oh god
what is this
oh this must be for the icing ooh I feel
like Rachael Ray brooch I think I'm
actually gonna be good at this because
I'm really good with sweet foods but I'm
not good at like you know making the
cake mix and then cooking it because I
usually just eat it okay I'm gonna guess
that this is the cake mix because it's
yellow and because it I'm clearly says
cake mix on it right that's what that
says let's put half in there and then a
little bit in there add a little water
go got you much happy birthday to me
happy birthday to me I really hate
myself so I'm gonna force myself to eat
this I wanna die let's put it like wife
okay I'm not gonna lie it's kind of
smelling amazing oh I was lying oh my
god it kind of has that Yankee Candle
smell okay I think I'll just let those
sit in there and continue to bubble yeah
that sounds right so next I'm going to
make wait I'm confused there's only two
more little things but I have four other
little things why Japan why okay maybe
if I dump these out nope maybe I had to
cut out the cake oh there we go
Oh a +4 presentation all right well
there's the top half of the cake oh my
god I'm so fucking good at this we'll
just move that little titty over there
time for the frosting now every cake
looks good with frosting not this one
but let's see what we can do Oh
oh my god oh it's like stirring the
inside of a uterus Oh yep I'm ovulating
oh my god so I'm gonna guess that I did
this wrong or this is how cake looks in
Japan which is another reason why people
in Japan are not that honestly if the
desserts in Japan look like this I'll be
the skinniest motherfucker alive right
I'm assuming the blue is maybe the
candles I don't know let's just make
some water and see what the fuck happens
oh God
I literally I'm showing you how babies
are made and baby Oh
oh my god oh I'm gonna call this cake
bukkake all right we have one more pouch
orange now I think orange is the fire
for the candles so I guess I'll put it
in those little flame things and maybe
that'll happen this is by far the
easiest poppin kitchen I think I've ever
done perfect now it all looks like
phlegm so I'm gonna say we microwave it
Oh
all done okay so now that our uterus is
done I think it's time to put it in here
all right here we go
seems easy gotta dump it in there okay
Oh God
Oh oh god it's like a pimple popping
video but not fun to watch okay this
isn't going too well but maybe if we put
some of these decorative candies on it
it'll look more appetizing happy
birthday
hold on we gotta light a candle in it
shit I don't have any candles let's just
like the receipt happy birthday - that
is highly flammable oh my god I'm full
of good ideas what if this is flammable
nope you can't burn Satan all right well
maybe if we just cover it some more
frosting or just you know flip it over
kinda like a pancake oh my god oh oh god
I can't explain how it feels actually I
can't explain how it feels
put some Lube in your bud and swish your
finger around that's a sensation not
I've ever done that before
all right done all right guys here we go
happy birthday to me let me make a wish
nope it's still there maybe I'll just
cut myself a slice oh I'll just take a
little bit trying to watch my figure oh
my god it sounds just like my childhood
birthdays uh
memories okay
okay I'm not gonna lie you know I'm
always expecting to run to the sink and
throw it up honestly this is the shit
this is good mmm Oh bitch oh Japan you
have won me back over bitch oh my god I
mean listen I know it looks like what I
find in my boxer briefs when I wake up
but this is the shit oh oh my god it got
about Hackett okay you know what I
should do you know because I can't fully
judge this because it's not fully done
so I'm gonna add this to it and see if
it changes my opinion it looks like
little sprinkles I like that
all right now the final product Oh
oh my god why would they put that on it
Oh fish was it fish why you always got a
ruined shit mmm delicious lemon little
bundt cake you know some fish sprinkles
on it without those I would give this
meal an A+ and with that I would give
this meal a imma be at the toilet Z
retinue why are you guys go hopefully
you enjoyed be making my birthday cake
and if it's your birthday happy birthday
and I hope your cake is better than this
and I hope your birthday sounds like
this I want you to have a fucked up
childhood to opiods n funny with me I
hang with you I'll see you tomorrow make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye ah oh god that was nothing
Oh God why didn't I think about that see
you guys later
yeah you taste like shit you like
watching a youtuber you like do the
cinnamon challenge
yikes so I thought we should watch it
together bring it in you smell
