Heywood's if you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now in my
channel I talk about a lot of scary
things conspiracy theories stalkers
real-life exorcisms and of course death
but there's one subject that I tend to
stay away from mainly because it's too
close to home that's right today we're
going to be talking about the terrifying
world of Sanders now I know you're
thinking shame that's not scary fangirls
are just obsessed with something and
they're just showing their love and
their support by screaming and I agree
something girls take it too far
some fangirls even murder now since I
started on the Internet I've noticed the
evolution of the Fantas by the way we're
not just talking about girls I'm using
the term fangirls because it's you know
popular but we're just talking about
fandoms in general that take you too far
now before we get to all the very creepy
stuff let's show a couple kind of funny
clips one of my favorite moments of a
fan overstepping their boundaries is
this one clip of this girl that's
singing next to Lady gaga
and then well
and then of course there's also the girl
who got drake tattooed on her head yeah
that's real not photoshopped then of
course you have all the kids that are
standing outside of Jay Paul's house
dabbing on the neighbors now all of
those are kind of fun and silly but now
let's take one step further just check
out this video
Britney Spears performing a her Vegas
show when a fan gets on a stage
yeah that could have ended very badly
and that happens all the time obsessed
fans jumping on stage that's been
happening for years now speaking of
concerts this next story is crazy we're
going to be talking about fans
stampeding over each other to get into a
concert and killing each other now back
in the 1970s the band the who was huge
they had and still have millions of fans
around the world and their fandom was
strong now on December 3rd of 1979 that
is sold-out concert to 18,000 people now
to put that in perspective this is in
the 70s when people literally had to
line up to buy tickets this wasn't on
line that means that literally 18,000
people came to buy tickets and were
lined up and waited for hours that's a
shit ton of people now the fans showed
up got their tickets and have been
waiting at the arena for hours and of
course at the front doors of the arena
they all crowded and waited for the
doors open and then when it was time
only one pair of doors opened out of a
whole bunch and all of those thousands
of fans were trying to squeeze through
that one door now obviously that turned
into a stampede and
people were literally stomped to death
it was a sea of people 12,000 people
very tightly compacted here's some more
people talking about what it was like to
be in that state a few people passed out
standing up and then I mean you really
start to panic by the end of the night
26 people were seriously injured and 11
people who died some of the photos of
people being carried away in ambulances
and the amount of bodies that were
spread out around the front of the arena
organ see now this isn't the only time
something like this has happened
1988 30 people were seriously injured
and two were killed in front of the Guns
N Roses concert and the year 2000
million people were trampled to death at
a Pearl Jam concert in Denmark and the
list goes on and with the way the
phantom on the Internet is growing it's
only a matter of time before something
like this happens thank God
I mean we all remember the Logan Paul
situation
luckily VidCon is very organized so
things like this don't have a very often
but when you get that many really
excited teenagers in one place and you
throw their favorite internet celebrity
at them it's only a matter of time
before something really bad happens okay
now this next fan we're going to talk
about is one of the scariest and also
one of the saddest this is a super fan
Paula Abdul now I'm sure most of you
guys know Paula Abdul as the nice judge
on American Idol but before she was on
that show she was one of the biggest and
hottest pop stars in the world in the
1980s now let's meet Paula
Goodspeed now she was so obsessed with
Paula Abdul that she legally changed her
own name to Paula when she was 16 now
she had been trying to get Paula's
attention for a long time and then she
did Paula Goodspeed auditioned for
American Idol I'm Paula good speed and
I'm from Los Angeles California and I'm
a student oh yeah definitely I really
think a lot of star now of course when
you first start watching you just think
oh it's another cringy audition but when
you know that she is an obsessed stalker
fan makes it I make life science growing
so Paula I've been drawing ever since I
was a little kid and my first drawing
was a polidore and then of course she
delivered a predictably one man√≠s leave
it was well I think mother bitch Simon
Cowell was of course brutal as always
and she got really pissed when she was
there's a lot of people as I send to
Hollywood that can't even
we really hold a no I mean fun but it's
what happened after that episode that
gets two years later Paula Goodspeed was
found dead inside of her car outside of
Paula Abdul's
house inside of the car she was
surrounded by pictures of Paula Abdul
and Paula Abdul CDs it was ruled a
suicide by Paula Abdul talked about the
situation on the view and what people
don't know as months a few months prior
I was in New York and she had attempted
the same thing and they she was code
blue apparently and they were able to
and in front of my house is in the back
seat of a car and it took at the
hospital and she survived she also
revealed that Paula is stalking her she
has been a stalker and or about 17 years
and that proves to me even more like you
might think somebody's just like
eccentric and kind of crazy and obsessed
with something but it might be way
darker than you expected unfortunately
sometimes okay this next one is insane
we're gonna be talking about a woman in
Dianna Nautilus now stay with me
Dianna believed that Steven Spielberg
was running a satanic cult with his wife
out of their basement and they teamed up
with Jennifer Love Hewitt to implant a
microchip in to Diana's brain to control
her what in 2001 Steven Spielberg filed
a restraining order against Diana
because she had been calling and
harassing his family in 2002 Diana was
arrested for stalking Jennifer Love
Hewitt and threatening her life
a year later Diana showed up at the
Latin Grammys to confront Jennifer Love
Hewitt from the crowd she screamed at
Jennifer and called her an Apple has
made bizarre accusations screaming at
Love Hewitt murderer killer and he
doesn't stop there after she didn't
successfully confront Jennifer she
started sending
really intense quote personal note to
Jennifer Hewitt I plan to kill you at
the first opportunity to do so and hope
you die a tortuous death the woman brags
I plan on firing a gun at her heart and
not missing from 2002 she was arrested
threatening jennifer Love Hewitt's
alright now this next thing we're going
to talk about is something I touched on
in a previous video when I fell down the
hole oh my god we're gonna be talking
about fangirls killers so a few videos
ago we talked about a girl who makes fan
videos for complete Rogers the guy who
killed a bunch of kids in his college
and those videos she made by terrifying
this is not the first time there's been
fans of campus so first let me introduce
you to one of the biggest serial killers
of the eighties the Night Stalker his
name was Richard Ramirez and he would
roam around Los Angeles sneaking into
houses robbing people raping an elderly
women and then killing them sometimes in
front of their own image he even claimed
that he was the devil reborn now the
scariest part about all of this is even
after he was arrested and put on trial
he had groupies he literally had women
who were obsessed with him
knowing that he raped and killed other
women now as he's on trial for some of
the most gruesome murders ever
there are women standing outside of the
courthouse wanting to have sex with him
yeah just listen to the greedy stalker
why are you in the courtroom today I
just wanted a suti look like I think he
killed everyone makes him look so bad
you know but I know that he he's an
iceberg because I've met only I know not
only did he have groupies and fangirls
he also got married while he was in
prison to a fan her name was Doreen and
she wasn't just a fan she was a magazine
editor that's right an actual smart
woman with a good job is obsessed with a
killer how I just wanted Sam
ecstatically happy today
and very very proud to have married
Richard and to be his wife she literally
said that she started to fall for him
when she saw his mug shot earlier she
had told the Los Angeles Times that she
became attracted to Ramirez the first
time she saw his picture looking back I
see it was a turning point for me she
said I saw something in his eyes
something that captivated me I this is
not something new remember Charles
Manson the guy we talked about
previously in another video
literally is insane if I wanted to kill
somebody I'd take this book and beat you
to death with it and I wouldn't feel a
thing
meet his wife star and Charles Manson's
wife wife are you married
we are technically the paperwork hasn't
gone through yet but we already consider
each other to be a husband and a wife
yeah she's in love married to a crazy
killer and she doesn't see anything
worry about that well because I love him
and I've somehow I've got half a brain
that I can see that he is the one that
knows what's going on he is the one that
is in the truth whenever nobody else is
okay so the last thing we're gonna talk
about is something that is extreme
we're gonna be talking about the murder
of Selena and once again just want to
say and I always say this but I do not
mean any disrespect to any of the
victims or the families with the victims
or anybody that I'm talking about in
these videos I just find it very
fascinating and I like kind of dark
twisted stuff but I definitely had a
moment like a year and a half ago when
Christina Grimmie died because a crazy
fan shot her where I started questioning
whether or not I should do these videos
but the more I thought about it
christina was into this kind of stuff
too and I felt like she would want me to
keep making this videos so I'm not gonna
talk about her story because I
crying but the story of selena has a lot
of similarities and people have been
talking about that for the 1990s the
singer Selena was one of the most famous
singers in the world her fame was easily
comparable to Selena Gomez that's how
famous she was and she was on track to
be one of the biggest stars of all time
until she was murdered by the president
of her own fan club all right now let's
talk about the woman named Yolanda
now your londa called Selena's father
repeatedly asking permission to start
Selena fan club in San Antonio
eventually her father accepted and she
became the fan club president now over
the years Salon de and Selena became
extremely close and according to Yolanda
even began calling her mom she was like
that cuddling
bear teddy bear that she would allow you
to to love her I told her that I loved
her like a daughter and she goes me you
know I give you the ride she would call
me mom on the phone she called your mom
you know and she's hi mom how you doing
now Yolanda was getting extremely close
with Selena's family until Selena's
father found out something suspicious he
found out that Yolanda had been Eze only
money from the fan club and from Selena
boutiques that Yolanda was the manager
of well he told his daughter Selina
about this Selena and him had to
confront her our last words were her was
that I was going to go to the police to
see what we could do you know to charge
it was something she was taking money
nestled in his father says that the same
day that confronted her melanda
left and when she left town she took
Selena's business records a few weeks
later Yolanda reached out to Selena and
wanted to meet her alone motel and
Selena
the two women argued and suddenly there
was a gunshot an injured and hysterical
Selena raced from the motel room to the
lobby where she collapsed after shooting
Selena the londa went to her car and put
a gun to her own head and threatened to
kill herself
he had a nine hour standoff with the
police before finally being arrested
now she was sentenced to life in prison
but she still to this day says that the
whole thing was a big misunderstanding
she went down and she grabbed my feet I
told me not to leave her and I picked
her up at Twitter just leave and I
grabbed the gun putting for my head I
pulled it thing back and I said if you
don't leave I'm gonna do it too now
situations like this and situations that
we Christina Grimmie event just make it
even more clear that there needs to be
more boundaries with things like
snapchat and Instagram and Facebook and
Twitter and YouTube and to all of these
places where people are constantly
saying where they are what they're doing
it's just giving stalkers more tips on
where they are to fight because fans are
great I mean I'm a fan of scream and I'm
a fan of so many movies and so many
people but there's a difference between
fans and stalker fans who are dangerous
so next time you're on YouTube and you
see a comment that seems a little too
far and a little too scary
make sure to flag it or let's in the
no because you never know when that fan
might take it too far later guys go
hopefully you enjoyed this creepy video
I know I didn't make sure to give it a
thumbs up if you want more creepy videos
and maybe even a part two to the
scariest fans ever also make sure to
subscribe to my channel ain't into
notification Bell because I make new
videos every day and if you want to sell
my other creepy videos I've done once
about celebrity conspiracy theories and
even the blue whale challenge I'll put a
link to a playlist at the top of the
description all right you guys stay safe
