jabong.com oh we talk about the things
that are blowing up on the internet the
escrow nominations have just been
announced and i ate mac and cheese for
lunch she oscars are obviously
hollywood's primo award ceremony
celebrating excellence in cinema all the
name Oscar itself is likely the name of
more than a few pedophiles I always
loved award season because so
congratulation is always fun that wasn't
even sarcasm now I know there are some
awards ceremony celebrating online
content but none of them are quite as
big as the Oscar ceremony and that got
me thinking what would the YouTube
Oscars be like so how the YouTube Oscars
is going to work is in a typical YouTube
challenge fashion I have two cups right
here this cup contains slips of paper
with various categories written on them
and this cup contains the name of
various youtubers on them what I'm going
to be doing is drawing a category from
this cup and then picking two youtubers
out of this cup as the nominees and then
deciding who wins based on the criteria
of the category and my personal
completely bias opinion best background
music the nominees are makeupbymandy
Caspar Lee so as you can tell i lo
there's no keeping background music yet
now this were another category that
wouldn't be a big deal I'm not
criticizing a video but if you're up for
nomination and best background music I'm
sorry to say you gotta have background
music so Caspar Lee is the winner yes to
clothing the nominees are Kevin droney
ack from this kid needs medicine and tie
to leave I I follow both of these guys
on Instagram and their clothing is
pretty trendy Kevin from this kid needs
medicine just because his clothing seems
to have a little bit more color I am
biased I love color or the final
category we have best intro the nominees
are miranda sings destory from what the
news will have consistent and solid
intros but i'm gonna have to go with
miranda sings just because her intro is
so iconic wait
it signing off be sure to give this
video a thumbs up leave a comment down
below follow me on twitter tumblr
Instagram Facebook WebMD apparently
actor shia labeouf is in fact famous
when he needs to be mr. LaBeouf and
young dancer maddie ziegler star and
CEA's latest music video and it is very
art
Oh
I personally found this video to be
super good and if you are one of those
people that made it sexual in your head
somehow you are the problem there are a
lot of potential meanings in this video
all of them very deep and philosophical
if you're one of the many people that's
already seen this video you likely
already thought through what you think
it means I've taken it upon myself to
create a very short list of a few things
that you as the viewer could take away
from the video that are not in any way
artistic maybe there's a woman's
clothing sale going on in the other
words the nakedness this guy really does
not want to go to the clothing sale and
he's holding her back it's possible that
she has daughter is just pissed that he
grew a beard and wants him to shave it
off they are potentially just arguing
over who has to do the laundry that week
there is a new horror movie trailer that
has been blowing up social media which
makes sense because it is called
unfriended it's literally the worst fate
imaginable the trailer supposedly
instills a deep fear within you like
watching a youtuber you like do the
cinnamon challenge yikes so I thought we
should watch it together bring it in you
smell so I have the unfriended trailer
up on my buddy Brad you get it you're
smart things are things are going wrong
today is the anniversary of your death
so far this is sounding like a chain
letter put your hands up raise the roof
not the time let's play a game ok nice
saw remake oh my god is hannah's on a
blender can you not put your plate don't
put your hands in a blender alright I
get why that's freaky I mean I don't
really want to see it it seemed like a
solvable situation if I were skype I
would be so mad I'd also be wondering
how a nap games life thank you for
watching this pretty episode of bomb com
hopefully we didn't hit you with a
awesome internet shrapnel if you enjoyed
this episode make sure to give it a
thumbs up and head on over to youtube
com special X's chizel check out my
latest video which includes a very very
special announcement that I'm really
excited about it's been a surprise for a
while and I would like you to know it
and participate in it so go check it out
you can also subscribe while you're over
there what fun question of the day
what are your thoughts on a social
media-based horror movie you hurt mine
and I would love to hear yours in the
comments of this video so good
