hey what's up guys and welcome back to
what the fuck new my name is destory and
I just got back from a vacation to
Tennessee the land of legal sex goats
let's just say it had a lot of
completely illegal fun oh yeah but this
is what the fuck news where we talk
about the shit nasty news that you might
have missed in the last week the first
thing that I wanted to talk about today
is Justin Bieber's wiener seriously
Justin's alum snake has been the news
lately due to a picture that was
released as a Calvin Klein ad showing
off Justin's manhood unfortunately a
picture was also released to the
internet showing off what is said to be
an untouched version of the picture with
slightly smaller muscles a bigger head
and of course a smaller package since
the pictures released justin has been
outraged claiming that the untouched
photo is actually the fake even going so
far as the gays legal team to go after
the website and force them to take it
down and honestly I don't understand
what the big fucking deal is anyways
even if this picture was fake he's still
90 percent sexier than most men in the
entire world I mean I'm not gay and I
personally really despise Justin Bieber
but I mean come on he looks great no
matter what picture is the fate since
the whole incident the website claiming
to have the untouched pictures recently
taken it down retracting their statement
and saying mr. Bieber denies the photo
is real and I respect that and will
believe him and even went so far as to
personally apologize mr. Bieber and his
insane fangirls but in its wake a lot of
other websites have claimed to have the
wheel untouched picture including some
of these beauties oh wow yes that is
that is beautiful I personally love this
what I there's no way that this one
isn't real maybe he was born with it or
maybe
if for celebrity news a rapper by the
name of Kevin Gates has been in the news
lately for dating a girl that turned out
to later be his own cousin Oh gross
apparently he had no idea that he was
related to the girl he claimed to have
been banging for two years and telling
his own grandmother told him the really
weird thing though is after they both
found out about that both being related
to each other they continued to be
intimate with each other with Kevin even
saying in his own words yeah yeah look
like brother and sister
shit no I'm fucking the shit out kind of
fine I'll shoot my cousin your but I
ain't bout to stop fucking with a shit
the boys are good we quit shit I ain't
grow up with you know you of my people
man y'all gonna stay on my motherfucking
BB what paraphrased of course the extent
of what he said when people told us we
look related shit no I happened to be
having carnal relations with the young
lady when I found out much to my
surprise
she's my cousin but I don't want to
cease my sexual relations because she
has a very nice vagina and we click
please refrain from being in my business
he's basically what he said since the
incident though they've broken up but
ever mayne too close seeing each other
at family reunions every once in a while
which is probably definitely not awkward
whatsoever yep in some viral video what
the fuck news legendary actor Sir
Patrick Stewart was in the news recently
for playing a role on a skit on Jimmy
Kimmel show acting out the most annoying
things people do on planes which is
absolutely hilarious
well would they call the stinky snacker
you know him well this is the guy who
brings his own messy disgusting food on
board I'm feeling a little peckish time
for a day-old tuna sub and the slice of
camembert hmm would you like to try it
and what about you pop you could have
both of you rid of them Oh
suit yourselves as someone who
frequently flies on planes I can
definitely relate to all of these
especially the guy that climbs over you
instead of politely asking you to just
slightly move out of the way ha my
genitals which were nearly in your mouth
you know just don't ask me to move at
all you know yeah I'd rather have a
300-pound man's ball sack directly in my
face
so you know thank you for that fucking
every time and lastly it's some movie
news a second trailer to the Avengers
age of Ultron Rizzoli's showing off a
bit more of The Hulk and Iron Man
fighting the Hulk Buster suit some
awesome clips of Thor looking gorgeous
and Captain America's standing around
not doing anything
also new teaser trailer for Marvel's
ant-man was released this past week
showing off Paul Rudd as ant-man for the
very first time the actual ant-man suit
and a glimpses to maybe what the story
is going to be about a lot of
speculation at this point but uh the
original comics ant-man was actually a
person who made Ultron from the New
Avengers age of Ultron movie and not
Tony Stark so most of the speculation is
that the movie does not follow the
original comics and we could be looking
at a new ant-man rather than the one
that we knew in the comics so it's
actually speculated to be the old guy in
the trailer who is actually passing his
suit down to Paul Rudd's character but I
guess time will tell sorry for nerding
out for a second my bad completely
original comic you have actually yeah
that was me for one second my bad
anyways though this has been what the
fuck news I'm in question of the day for
you
lovely individuals is what would you do
if you found out you were dating your
cousin for an entire year throw up
profusely continue dating move to Alaska
and become an Eskimo warrior let me know
in the comments down below all today's
stories as always in the description
down below as well as all of my links
alright guys go make sure to check out
my newest video on my channel make sure
to click this annotation if you want to
watch it or the link will also be in the
description as always that being said
I'll see you next week for another one
the fuck news and Fairwinds
