guys it's the first podcast of 2015 day
day day day yeah yeah you have to throw
us your yes yes yes Yas has a Z at the
end which I am found out
hey guys yes we were filming a podcast
or no we're recording a podcast while
you're technically filming technically
while we're recording it so it just got
real confusing I love the red mic we got
the cool Mike you got the boring black
one yeah first of all racist
second of all you're right I'm really
depressed about it working out the kinks
it's the first day back on the job out
of 2015 yes we're all hungover you're
the first guest of the year number one
what are you scared of us asking you and
number two what are you excited about us
asking you I'm excited about the future
well I am like I've cleaned out okay um
I don't know it's gonna be anything I
know you won't anything
she don't know you bring on baby we're
gonna record the podcast and then we're
gonna talk about how it went
see you soon well guys we just finished
how do you think it went it was awesome
it's really fun we talked about a lot of
things that you have never talked about
it okay I don't think so yeah exclusive
stuff watch it we talked about some of
it yeah we talked about some exclusive
o2l drama that nobody else in the world
knows but now we do we talked about his
penis size we talked about a lot of
things we did how do you feel like on a
scale of one to ten on a scale of like
you know me - OH - well me being one how
do you feel a while oh well that's great
ten thank you I really enjoyed it
Oh - well before the break-up well I'm
gonna get a scale so your one change one
I'm 102 before the break-up is 10 okay
after the break-up is probably right
back then I'll talk for the break-up it
was fun okay
well go potty oh well okay are you going
luck cuz I just blew up that hey guys
yes I'm driving we just finished the
podcast and it was super fucking fun I
loved the podcast so much I think me and
Jess have some very good chemistry I'm
excited about it they like Ricky Dillon
said a lot of stuff that he's gonna
regret I'm very excited about it and
question of the day I'm actually really
curious about this I want to figure out
ways to make the podcast a little bit
bigger you know I want to have like
segments and I want to have like you
know games and I want it to be more like
a fun show so what do you guys want to
see do you want to see game
do you want to see like funny you know
quizzes do you want to see you know us
playing a game with a guest or do you
want to see I don't know like us reading
celebrity tweets or like what's like
some fun little segments that you guys
want to see or do you like it just the
way it is let me know down the comments
I'm curious also keep giving me
suggestions for guests because I'm
running out of youtube friends to call
and if you have any ideas for guests who
aren't youtubers let me know and you
know Viners or just random viral people
or just a homeless person I'll interview
anybody
anyways get really excited and I kind of
talked about on the podcast but I might
as well talk about it here too for the
next three months I am doing this really
intense workout diet thing I don't know
what you guys are thinking on Shane here
we go again you're always talking about
fat you are it's not even about being
fat it's about wanting to feel better
and like you know I for a long time I
haven't been eating normally I'm either
starving myself or I'm binging or I'm
starving again whatever so this is
something where it's like all my food
comes you know every day and I have to
eat all of it and then I go to the gym
everyday and I have to work out and by
three months I'm supposed to be ripped
but more importantly feeling better so
really excited I hope that it goes well
and wish me luck
I'm excited I'm nervous other youtubers
are doing it too so I have some company
but yeah I'll keep you guys posted on
that and no it's not a sponsorship I'm
not getting paid by them that's why I'm
not really saying the name of it and
literally doing it like as a customer
I'm like hey I really want to do this
gonna do this so I'll keep help stirred
oh can you imagine me with a six-pack
that's gonna be terrifying
this face with muscles better watch out
this is my dinner I'm gonna be just so
full and so bloated after this single
meal oh I'm kidding it's actually my
snack for the day which I'm very excited
to eat because all I've had so far was
dear sorry it scares me up time well
I've had so far with some eggs and oh
I'm looking like shit today there's no
lighting that's gonna make it better
alright we'll just leave like this yes
I'm gonna eat this and then edit some
videos or actually go take a shower and
shoot a video and edit it that's about
it anyways I hope you guys enjoy the
podcast link is down there
soundcloud.com slut-shaming froze really
excited about it also I'm excited that
we talked about how to calculate penis
size if you don't know this I don't know
why you wouldn't know this
we talked about on the podcast so
basically scientifically speaking to
calculate the size of somebody's penis
you have to make the L you know like
looser and you put it on their head
because they're fucking looser why are
they trying to calculate the size of
their penis okay
the second part of that is it supposed
to be from here to Hue so that's
supposed to be the size which means that
mine is real tiny but Ricky's his finger
is like oh you want me to use my pointer
finger okay like that I mean honestly
I'm gonna kill myself so boys and girls
at home right now take out your finger
and see what it's like see if it matches
I wonder what the equivalent is for
girls is it like this
wow I might not have a big penis but I
got a deep hole that's good enough for
me hi guys I'm gonna go I'm tired hope
you guys have fun I gonna miss her and
see
