breaking news breaking news o 2l is
broken up don't you well the hell is
that sounds like some kind of wart cream
lights camera no action story of my life
hey what's up you guys
so today I thought we would talk about
something you know kind of funny kind of
embarrassing extremely depressing my
future I'm kidding my past so supposed
to be guys know before YouTube I wanted
to be an actor and obviously that didn't
work out so far in my life the only
movies I've ever acted in were the one I
directed and the one my friend directed
but besides that not much has happened
but I do have a lot of good stories of
times where not much happened except for
me getting embarrassed first audition I
ever had was for a movie starring
Cameron Diaz and it was called my
sisters brothers
auntie's Keeper no that's definitely
chocoberry movie well it was something
weird like that and it was about a girl
who had cancer who died and Cameron Diaz
ate her okay maybe I drunk that one
either way it was a movie and I went in
for shockingly young gay teenager pretty
much every audition I had from 18 to 20
was young gay suicidal depressed
sexually ambiguous teenager which
honestly I mean killing it but never
booked apart anyways I went to this
audition it was like my first one I was
really really scared it was inside of
like a casting studio on a movie block
so there was fucking like I know Selena
Gomez was there filming Wizards of
Waverly Place I saw her walk by the
craft service table I was sneaking
around looking at all the shit probably
shouldn't have done that but nobody
wanted to arrest me because there's a
lot of gay teenage actors on the Wizards
of Waverly Place that so I fit in so I
went inside of the casting room i sat
down and the guy was like okay are you
ready and I was like yeah cool what am i
doing and he was like didn't you read
the script the what the script the movie
script you know what we make the movie
with no why would I read that I'm not
Cameron Diaz okay but you're auditioning
for a part to be in the movie so why do
you read the script well nobody gave me
the script they gave you the sides oh
that's what they're called oh god I'm
really confused see when my agent called
me she said oh and don't forget to grab
your sides and my first thought was I
know that's how I hold in my love
handles so people don't see my muffin
top okay well here's the sides um give
it a read so I looked out in the paper
thinking oh this should be easy
and then I read it it was literally a
scene about
teenage guy giving another guy a blowjob
and then getting kicked out of the car
bang bus style first of all I don't know
what Cameron Diaz movie was going to be
well girl this was not Charlie's Angels
unless Charlie was forcing that bitches
of subdue which would have made that
movie so much better so I start reading
it and to say that I did terribly would
be an understatement pacer do you want a
blowjob yeah it didn't go well and I
didn't know that in an audition you're
not supposed to actually act things out
so I literally mind giving an old man a
blowjob Oh God like this right
Oh God God did I get it it was bad my
second audition was for a TV show called
a thousand ways to die and I thought oh
I got this I can leave a thousand ways
to kill myself already
well I walk in the room and the lady
goes but hey okay great
here's what you're gonna do you're gonna
walk it or tell like you're working at a
liquor store 7-eleven and then you'll
grab a hot dog
do you go to sneak that dog cause you
want to eat it but you don't want to pay
for it then you take a bite of it you
stop choking you're looking around for a
phone look on the door you look for a
phone and oh no now you're in the
freezer room what the door slams behind
you you freezing to death
you're choking on a hot dog then your
friend walks in your friend sprays you
with WestEd because he slipped on a
banana peel and then you died you're
choking there's blood everywhere you
freeze to death you're an ice cube the
firetruck man comes he chiseled you out
of the ice cube he gets the jaws of life
to get you then he pulls out the hot dog
from your throat picks it out and goes
ooh I love a little
go what yeah
I'm not exaggerating that was literally
what I had to do and honestly I thought
I nailed it and see now after that
audition I had probably 200 more that
fails although and one audition
I saw beans from even Stevens and he had
a beard and a goatee and he was
auditioning for a crackhead so I won
that one
anyways I finally booked an audition and
this time it was for a McDonald's
commercial this was probably back in
2008 I think maybe 2007 but the audition
even though I booked it was completely
embarrassing so I walk in and there's a
plate of chicken nuggets on the table
and they said hey Shane all you have to
do is say boo this nugget looks good and
then you know pretend to eat it well I
thought pretend to eat it not only am i
starving and I love processed food but
I'm a fucking winner so I'm gonna go all
the way bitch well I delivered the line
ooh these look like good nuggets and I
hate that shit Oh mm-hmm
Oh Shane uh sorry but those are not real
nuggets
those are glamour nuggets why are we
Robert yeah so basically it's plastic
that we paint to look like nuggets and
we call them glamour nuggets because
well they're really glamorous and pretty
but you're not supposed to eat them cuz
they could kill you I already swallowed
it and then I got the part I'm pretty
sure about the part because they didn't
want me to sue them and also because
they felt incredibly bad for me now I
went to this commercial shoot thinking
or I'm the shit I'm Beyonce bitch
Destiny's Child who is that I don't need
them to ratchet hose on the old saying
bitch I really thought I was the shit I
shot them commercials like a two-day
shoot it was super moms my only 12 hours
each day I have lines
I was improv in the director was like
man Shane you're the best and I was like
thanks man
can I eat this no good cuz I want to die
I went back home to my friends and I was
like yeah you know just didn't chicken
nugget commercial whatever I watch it to
McDonald's like hey can I give it number
one actually know what I probably get
for free because I was in McDonald's
commercials so maybe just pull up my
IMDB page you just like give me the
number one
and oh yeah I was killing it and then
the commercial came out and let's just
say I wasn't killing it I wasn't even in
it gonna be coming in singing now that
is what I'm talking about you can
McNuggets with loads of our cue sauce
well done please
did you see me I was the girl with the
long hair and that was it that was my
big commercial my mom literally called
my entire family and we all watched it
together and everybody went where were
you so embarrassing and that was the
moment where I knew that acting was
something I did not want to do anymore
and that's pretty much when I started
doing YouTube full-time and I was like
you know what if I'm not gonna get cast
in any parts and if I'm gonna get cut
out of a motherfucking McDonald's
commercial bitch then I'm gonna start
making my own shit and the crazy part is
because of YouTube I was able to make a
movie star in my own movie I was able to
fucking be in Taco Bell commercials
playing myself it's really cool so I
guess that just shows you you know don't
give up but also don't just keep going
and going and going if it's not working
out change it up acting wasn't working
out so I went to YouTube if you're a
singer and nobody wants to hear you sing
start mining there's always something
else at you guys that was a question of
the day what do you want to do what's
your passion are you an actor a drawer a
painter musician you just want to lay on
the couch and watch Netflix all day
because they just got 10 seasons of
friends let me know also leave me a
thumbs up and subscribe because I make
new videos every day and I don't know I
think this is a fun channel and I want
to have fun with you so if you wanna
have fun with me fucking tell your
friends and let's play house creepy
aren't you guys opieop honey I'll be a
buddy to do it over come on
I mean I haven't seen sex like that in
slow-motion since I tried to do it after
had a big meal with Chipotle's
