hey what's up you guys now today I
wanted to do something a little bit
creepy which is why I have this creepy
music play and why I'm on the floor and
why I have that marshmallow peep candle
lit behind me actually that's just for
the scent and I'm sitting on the floor
because I broke my chair with my fat ass
anyways back to the creepy shit so I
wanted to do some videos this year about
things that I'm interested in and I know
a lot of you guys might not be but fuck
it I want to see if you are so I'm
obsessed with conspiracy theories I'm
more obsessed than I am of trying to
tell my dog that I totally know it talks
so fucking say something and I have a
whole list of conspiracy theories that I
keep track of so I thought this could be
a little series on my channel the first
one we're gonna start with is my
favorite and that is Disney conspiracies
yes the creepiest conspiracies of all
come from Disney oddly enough now I
became obsessed with this because when I
was a kid I would watch a lot of Disney
movies and I'd be like I think my brain
is melting and I think I'm becoming a
horrible person I'm blaming the movies
well when I grew up I started research
me and I found out that there's a lot of
subliminal messages in the movies
there's a lot of shit going on in the
background that you don't really know
Walt Disney was a crazy-ass motherfucker
he wanted to put all of Anaheim under a
bubble and he wanted to be Anaheim's God
all things considered he's one of my
heroes so let's get to the conspiracies
so the first one is the most common and
that is that in the Lion King there's a
moment the movie where the lion falls
down on the ground or something and then
in a bunch of smoke it says sex here's
the proof you tell me what you think
did you see it let's slow it down
I mean I haven't seen sex like that
instill emotion since I tried to do it
after had a big meal with Chipotle but
enough of my sad sex life to talk more
about Disney no I don't know I
personally saw and I think it's kind of
random that they would do that why do
they want us to start thinking about sex
at a young age do they want us to think
about having sex with animals at a young
age because I fucked me up oh yeah daddy
likes me terrific I'm sorry
I blame Disney the second subliminal
message is in the cover of The Little
Mermaid here's the cover of The Little
Mermaid looks pretty right well if you
look a little bit closer you might see
something not so pretty I know there's a
fucking penis in the middle of it that
castle has a cock in it how did we not
see that when we were kids granted when
I was a little kid I didn't think the
penis look like that I thought a penis
look like this so supposedly what
happened was one of the artists that was
working for Disney it was really mad and
hated this job so he's like you know
what focus I'm on wrong penis on that
castle and I guess Disney didn't find
out for like 10 years so they had to
like take all the movies out of Target
and stuff and remake the cover I still
prefer the cover with the penis on it I
mean the story of a woman who has no
legs who lives in a castle covered of
penises it's like American Horror Story
but less Emma Roberts number three in
the movie the rescuers there's a flash
of porn when the little rats are going
down this like cave thing I know it
sounds too crazy to happen but it did
didn't catch it
let me slow it down I know two people
fucking right in front of those rats
can't even fuck in front of my dog well
except for when I'm fucking my dog once
again Thank You Disney so Disney did the
same thing they took the movie out of
the stores and they rieta did it like
years later they never explained how it
happened or why once again is it because
they want us to turn into sex crazy
freaks when we grow up I mean they have
a history of bad yeah they definitely
sell the rescuers Number Four Daffy Duck
is a right fifth yes that's right your
favorite duck who wears no pants and a
weird gay sailor suit Mike hate black
people now this is a big rumor because
number one everybody kind of thinks that
Walt Disney was racist but number two
there is a video where Donald Duck says
something that kinda sounds racist take
a listen and see if you hear it you I
guess
pickable wrong now just in case you
didn't hear it because I don't know
maybe you're not a prejudiced horrible
racist person who hears the n-word
everywhere I'm gonna put the caption so
you can hear clearly wrong I mean I'm
gonna be honest I heard it I heard this
shit hard I'll be honest I never liked
Donald Duck I thought he was creepy
although I kind of thought all of them
were creepy
I mean goofy is a big dog that talks
which by the way I know you could talk
corny Minnie Mouse is just Mickey after
her transition not that that's creepy
I'm not judging I'm just saying they're
the same person and Peter Pan is a
straight-up rapist
I'm just throwing that out there and
number 5 my personal favorite in Toy
Story 3 there was some kind of a crazy
shadow that might have looked a little
bit not like buzzing woody check it out
and tell me if you see it oh yeah
somebody's woody was getting buzzed whoo
I'm gonna write that down on my sex
Disney puns somebody's Monster was
getting paint whoo they don't all work
if you didn't see it let me show it to
you one more time but this time with
sexy music see what I mean we're gonna
give a whole nother meaning to you got a
friend in me oh that was a good one let
me write that down
while they're guys go that is all my
Disney movie conspiracy theories /
subliminal messages / daddy let me know
down in the comments what your favorite
one was and if you saw all of these or
if you think I'm a crazy person also
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe because I make new videos
every single day
also if you want me to keep doing these
let me know because I have lots of lists
of other things I mean I have
conspiracies about Nickelodeon shows
conspiracies about aliens conspiracies
about youtubers am i British is this
really a set am i really 55 years old
who knows I also have some pretty dark
ones about like 9/11 and Sandy Hook and
stuff like that but I don't know if I
want to make videos about it because I
might get killed I'm definitely not
gonna make a video about my fiancee
conspiracy because maybe cray all right
you guys have fun hang with me I had fun
to hang with you I know see you tomorrow
don't believe everything you see
okay just like wait for the drop like
what is the driver by nobody my song
nobody when my shirt comes off that's
the drop oh that's how your panties drop
I mean I want
oh oh yeah and that's when my balls
dropped
