ha heads up guys yes I'm driving right
now I'm on my way to Trish's house
because we were gonna be doing a big
collab with Ricky Dillon this is gonna
be the first time Trish's ever met him
I'm very exciting I know she's very
nervous hopefully it'll be one out of
602 L members that she fucks and I hope
I'm there to see it okay guys we're
waiting you're so excited you're dying
of some sad disease and here's Ricky
Dillon to take care of you honestly my
hyperventilating I might honestly cry
I'm not kidding I like watch so many of
his videos and anticipation for this
like you guys don't even know are you
gonna sing his songs to him I'm already
ready I'm like I'm like warrior the milk
Lawrence I'm like so excited like are
you gonna do his signature dance yeah Oh
what ripping my shirt off what yeah this
signature dance dancing was his go-to
now when it comes to the dance break you
think he's going to do some kind of
crazy thing and said he just does this
Shane he's the first person I've ever
met who put a Y and a Q and a Z into a
yes I don't even know it was well when
he comes over I'm gonna ask about that
we're gonna have a dance-off what do you
want to do with them I mean I just want
to like slay and live I just feel like
I'm just gonna be like slaying and
living we I just can't wait I don't
really know I just get really excited
that I'm around young flesh I hope so I
think his mom comes with him to things
his mom's gonna love your artwork I know
that's all year old I can't wait so
we're waiting for Ricky and you tell me
other is the prize I would like Shane I
have to show you my Lube so this comes I
mean I feel like it's an infomercial
this is my Valentines Day feel like
Trish get care
how come you guys this Lube was smells
so good and by the way you'll love this
Shane the powder it's edible so when I
like this one your girl likes lick okay
no so when your girl you put it in this
little bag is what you're supposed to do
with them when you your girl wants to
like put on you from Valentine's Day or
whatever like this you can just like
lick it up like that I can't really read
yeah just like that
yeah now it literally tastes like
strawberries and champagne oh okay miss
Lou very glossy this is not the actual
label this is a mock label but it's
gonna be like that she's gonna be
brighter that's a berry lubricant and it
smells like strawberry champagne in a so
freakin good solid I would jerk off with
that yes and you can eat it you can so
like if your dick is been inner or I
guess okay well I guess if you're by
yourself I'm saying if your dick has
been in her and then you want to let go
down on her it's in there and it's gonna
taste really good and I got massage oil
yeah maybe we sold individually so all
this Shane Dawson army can still call
them so they don't know if I don't know
I think they call themselves
Dawson whores so that's perfect they got
their lose Oh whore is you need a little
by the way this is only not a plan
sponsorship but the kind of thing that
is there like is there like an offer
code yes Str me will get you 20% off
I'll make it happen not even joking yeah
you can get a P like Church pre-order
start now yeah she'll it she literally
was like oh my god I have to show you my
lube and I pulled up my camera cuz I was
like I can't miss this wait what about
oh this is okay so for those of you who
say that I don't actually like tested
out myself and everything there was a
bunch of samples given to me and I
actually pick out the loop personally
myself
it feels good its natural how strawberry
the creamer has the pheromones in it so
the guys gonna want to go down on you
it's gonna go press I don't like that
but I'm saying like if you wanted dick
taste good though you can do that on his
dick too and then it slides and you easy
well speaking of which rickey dillion
should be here soon she challenges him
you should cover him up and slide him in
I mean if he's now okay okay he's coming
he just texted me he said he's on his
way
nobody gonna say what he can say this a
slave ah its Queen a shy boy I feel like
I'm Creek right this is my trick I
always I can't to a kill like make them
wait a little bit like oh I'm just
coming until V Z I'm not waiting that's
what I do when I order food and I'm just
like waiting by the door waiting for it
but then I don't want them to know that
so I just like wait and then I yeah when
they gotta go back a little way so they
can hear your footsteps coming closer
otherwise it'd be right there they hear
you yeah I'm sad okay so Ricky got
confused cuz he doesn't know how to work
a door so we're gonna go ahead and get
him so maybe he was like I feel bad I
don't heal oh we're gonna go down and
give him a door tutorial fedora
challenge though Trish is having the
night he's just giving us a sample of
his new song explained to her the drum
and of song like after the course
usually we're like just just music it's
like upbeat and fun that's the drop what
did you think the drop was no idea he
referenced a he's like yeah they should
wait for that like yeah and then is like
okay just like wait for the drop and
like what is the job by nobody my song
nobody when my shirt comes off that's
the drop oh that's in your panties drop
I mean I was like oh yeah and that's
when my balls dropped guys I just
finished filming a video and she
rejected me the whole time yeah he came
chomping towards my face why don't you
want me
I can't even turn shut oh I thought I
was gonna turn to like a hardcore
makeout really excited that's the first
movie man on me all night oh stop it
stop it they're gonna make a video and
I'm gonna take a nap on the couch and I
can you're fine the vine scenes of your
outro see one two three three one two
three yeah that was honestly I feel like
I just watched I don't even know what I
just watched
yeah when I Clavis people in like hey
I'm fine I'll tell you like what do you
mean
oh my you don't watch my video through
sauce oh bitch I've had it worse where
somebody's like okay let's do my intro
this is the behind the scenes of making
of my thumbnail okay so it's gonna be
called threesome I think yeah so get
your boobs in there yeah move the hair
oh shit my arm is it long enough
oh wait no just bend down more odd for
now yeah we put on our shoulder look
into the hole oh I don't look good face
on but okay well you can do a side hole
I was trying to yeah we got it
alright guys I'm gonna end this video
it's been fun question of the day do you
think Ricky and me she kid together what
do you think oh my god bye guys everyone
would look fine because we wouldn't have
these ridiculous chemical standards of
beauty that actually don't exist in the
real world
oh my gosh that would be so ridiculous
