whoa - bonk calm well we talked about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet do you believe in magic of
Photoshop because after seeing Justin
Bieber's Calvin Klein ads I do
reportedly both Bieber's biceps and
bulge area have been say enhanced in his
recent Calvin Klein photo spread which
basically means that life is a lot
looking at a side-by-side comparison of
the Photoshop photos versus the not
Photoshop photos the difference is as
clear as genocide versus hairspray but
if you just look at the original non
photoshopped image Bieber looks fine
honestly if nobody ever photoshopped
photos and we just looked at the raw
appearance of human beings faces and
bodies everyone would look fine because
we wouldn't have these ridiculous
chemical standards of beauty that
actually don't exist in the real world
oh my gosh
that would be so ridiculous because then
we might look imperfect in photos ha I
am so silly sometimes swear Shh
that is an interesting toilet a man
visited a Shell a gas station and the
toilet was so ridiculous that he
absolutely had to share oh here we go
I'm walking in the shell toilet this is
the shell toilet this toilet is better
than my room better than my entire
apartment actually and you don't believe
it is actually toilet right here
well at least it was a fancy toilet I
mean if a YouTube daily vlogger had been
at a Shell station the toilet would have
been on camera whether or not it was
interesting apparently that bathroom is
located in the Philippines so next time
I gotta use the bathroom you know where
I'm headed my own in my home flying to
the Philippines just to use the bathroom
to be kind of impractical and
extravagant this week on YouTube I
learned how grace Helbig Spencer New
Year's Eve so since this video has the
potential to be one of the coolest
ecards I have ever seen I thought I
would take the liberty of making a few
more ecards to send to your distant
relatives you feel pretty neutral about
or coworkers wishing them a happy insert
holiday name here happy Valentine's Day
just because my relationship didn't work
out does not mean that yours won't
happy birthday I hope your dog doesn't
die
Merry Christmas I hope your grandma
doesn't get run over by a reindeer have
a merry jolly Easter unless you don't
celebrate Easter then have a great
Sunday yeah merry episode of bomb.com
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you enjoyed
this episode don't forget to give it a
thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis chizel check
out my recent video it is all about
parenting and children and why all of
those things are really freaky question
of the day what are your thoughts on
Photoshop do you think it's a good thing
that it's become so implemented into our
society do you like it do you not like
it leave a comment letting me know it's
all good
