hey guys guess what I have a new podcast
up right now with Ricky so make sure to
go check it out because he talks about
the o2l breakup he talks about having
sex with me he talks about how big his
penis is and he talks about all the
other stuff that he probably doesn't
want me to mention right here but I'm
going to see you guys in the podcast
pink lions and fake horses and teddy
bears and psychics and it dinosaur all
of these things are way more interesting
than what's going on in my car
hey guys yes I just left the gym I'm
feeling horrible feeling tired and
feeling like I never ever ever ever ever
want to go again
and I look in the mirror and I say yeah
I'm going again today is a fun day I am
I gonna go hang out and make a video
with my good old pal Joker sofa I know a
lot of you guys have been like where's
Joey are you guys not friends anymore
what happened to show is shall we dead
no show he's very much alive Joe we got
a puppy and I've been wanting you to see
him and see the puppy but the puppy
needed shots and so I've been waiting
and also Joey needed shots cuz he's
contagious I mean every time I'm around
him I just catch fabulous but now I
think the puppy is fine um I think he
got his shots I got my shots
and we're ready to get back together
also if you can see all the fog that is
just from my tits I got some sweaty tits
ha all right I just finished doing my
hair for Joey was very nervous I haven't
seen him in a while I want to look good
for him I put a comb through the front
like I wanted to look almost fake
plastic like a Lego the side cover up
that little hairline that I'm not a fan
of if only I could cover up this that
would be great I'm nervous I mean what
if I see Joey again he was like not
interested in me anymore you know what
if he's lost his feelings for me what if
he's moved on what if he doesn't want to
be in a ship you know what if he wants
to sail alone I mean and just leave me
out there laying on a door freezing to
death blow it on a whistle waiting for
my hope to come well if he does that
I'll strangle him with a necklace and
throw his ass in the water I have a lot
of rage ooh I think we're gonna have
some angry sex
mmm Erica ah no good huh
God has one only I think I almost got a
ball hey it's been so long no way people
were ten million or ten million people
were what's the word were making up
stories they were contriving I don't
know the word but people were saying
like that we broke up well we did we did
break up for a while we took a break we
took a little break
decided to like explore different paths
yeah but now we got over issues and
we're back together we got over issues
we're back together we have a dog
together uh and one of us doesn't know
that this dog is gonna get 500 pounds
and take over this room no it's gonna be
huge
see this size forever I'm by the way
that dog's teeth are sharper than nice
and it's like it's like cute for a
minute like oh yeah and then it's blood
and then it's blood and it does a little
her on two you know I only want this
tree now okay what you didn't do tricks
right yeah yeah don't fuck it up
that's it yeah down gasps OH
whoa that was I'm actually surprised
that you could you got that dog to do
that hey he's really smart actually it's
like I'm like two seconds to learning
one but you can get me to do stuff like
when you're like down I'm down and then
you give me a little tree yes we're
gonna film some videos I have no idea
what we're doing but I'm excited and
then we're gonna he's gonna put me in
this cage I thought it's not fit in this
cage my first column oh my god sometimes
when he's really bad I'd like to force
him in there make him remember what he
was like as a kid that's why we broke up
we got cage challenge though see how
much of me we can fit that's a whole
Trevor moron in there I think there's
some bronzer down there I was I heard um
I was about to say I was listening to
trow from around in the car which is
true but I don't want to say that song
I'm gonna lie I overheard a Trevor on
song today I cannot get sleigh out of my
head have you heard it no I learned the
dance not gonna redo it because I
already broke my leg last night doing
haha but it was intense when's your song
coming out this year living EP EP album
5l oh I can't wait you're getting an
exclusive behind-the-scenes of the
making a Joey yes I'm nail I just wasn't
a really big shoot of creating my
thumbnail so basically the steps were
putting the blanket over my head
then getting in a good pose and calm
napping aha
and what's the title the title is gonna
be something about like I'm dying or
something like I just died oh my god I
was gonna put up a blog today called I'm
dying
Lily we the same thought I was gonna
have a sad dead emoji ah perfect I was
giving him title ideas he wasn't taking
any okay so he told me he's like I was
like what's your blog about and then he
said as he humping me right now we
humping you up that's definitely my
thumbnail definitely calling a dog
fucker oh my god doggy style
done and done wait now look like you're
getting in the ass okay great now I'm
gonna superimpose myself in there oh da
ha ha done and no so he's like well my
blog is about family drama like I'm on
xanax now like whatever and then I'm
like call it I'm on xanax and have a sad
face but instead what did you do
um I hid under a blanket and called it I
don't know I'm calling he won't listen
to me it's fine it's fine don't listen
to me do your thing what are you gonna
do he's gonna bite my peepee off that's
what I was gonna do he's just like me
wow we're done we created our Testaments
you child oh you really should get that
checked out don't eat it don't no no
okay you can eat it no no don't feed it
to them what oh oh yeah we did a we did
a test-tube baby we made our own child
God it was really really good baby
challenge though I'm just happy that
we're back together because like it's
been a rock we've had a hard
relationship we've broken up we've
gotten back together but I feel like now
we're we're in a good place that way you
feel like this is you feel like we're in
a good place now oh sorry I forgot the
cameras wrong yeah it's a great place
right now honestly you need to pretend
to like me because like if they know
that you don't like me then they're
gonna stop watching there I stopped
supporting hashtag showing okay so stop
being an asshole and just like them
right listen to be is over okay well
that's fine okay so see you guys later
okay funny with us we all right I love
you I love you so love you're here time
I was in a public bathroom at the GM and
at some guy knocked twice on the stall
next to me I was like oh he watched
toilet paper so then I put my hand
underneath the toilet paper and then he
stroked my hand and I was like oh the
knock twice meant
handjob
