no get back you buddy wow I haven't seen
that many cracked eggs since I was
gangbang when I was I'll be lighting I
hope you guys are ready for romance
because oh it's about to get all kinds
of sexy today oh I'm feeling so turned
on I don't know what it says about me
that the smell of marshmallow peeps
really gets me going but I got a semi
hey guys yes today we're gonna be doing
a quiz because I thought that would be
fun and the quiz we're going to be doing
is what celebrity should i hook up with
in 2015 now I know what you guys are
thinking Shane you're not gonna hook up
with celebrity that's impossible well to
that I say it still counts as hooking up
if they're dead right
ah I'm kidding I like them half alive
let's move on with the quiz bang bang
into your room bang bang all over 2015
really I'm kind of tired of banging I
feel like I already banged all over 2014
actually was more of a boom I don't know
what that means but sound sad what
celebrity should i hook up with hey look
it's me in an alternate universe if I
was both good-looking and could figure
out what to do with my hair one day
you'll be me why is he inside of some
kind of weird sex toy robot one day
that'll be me where will you meet a
pizza joint a library comic-con a gay
bar a hotel bar Hospital court holiday
party or prison okay let me think
I don't like pizza I don't like reading
by the way my new book is coming out in
March Comic Con is the fucking worst if
you ever want to see a blue vagina go to
Comic Con shockingly I don't like gay
bars although there is a gay frozen
yogurt shop next to a gay bar that I
frequently visit and it is tasty they
have a flavor called cum on my back
birthday cake there's no straight way to
eat that sample hotel bar no thank you
Hospital man hospitals where babies are
born and I just don't like life that
much court holiday party or prison I'm
gonna go with the holiday party look big
fan of eggnog and a big fan of people
making a lot of mistakes and me
videotaping it what's your sex anthem
Pony by Ginuwine
Rocket by Beyonce closer by Nine Inch
Nails pour some sugar on me think about
you let's get it on what's your fantasy
sex in candy or untitled it's a lot of
choices all of which are black people
well about half of them are black people
and listen black people know how to have
sex trust me that's all I watch on
youporn I'm actually gonna go with
clothes
you're by Nine Inch Nails that's the
song that I play in my head when I'm
thinking about killing someone
where would we do it an alley their
place your shitty place public bathroom
limo shitty car a bed the couch of their
assistants place definitely not an alley
because there's a lot of trash cans
nearby and you know me I'm a trashy
torso
I don't wanna be distracted not their
place cuz what if they have a hidden
camera and they're gonna film the whole
thing put it on YouTube and ruin my life
no thanks my place yeah I got my dog
here oh yeah and my girlfriend public
restroom I have a fear of public
restrooms one time I was in a public
bathroom at the GM and at some guy
knocked twice on the stall next to me I
was like oh he watched with the paper so
that I put my hand underneath with
toilet paper and then he stroked my hand
and I was like oh the knock twice meant
handjob Oh 24-hour Fitness I'm gonna go
with the couch is that way we can just
sit on it watch friends afterwards this
is why I never hooked up how far do you
go
makeout handjob dry humping oral sex
fucking anal sex rimming you both pass
out they cry about their life I'm gonna
say they cry about their life because
when people are around me for some
reason they start to spill their dark
deep secrets I don't know if it's
because they think I have deep dark
secrets I relate to them either way sex
is depressing what's the result of the
hook-up a brush-off text you start
dating friends with benefits their
assistant dumps you stock them and all
the STDs a pregnancy you get married or
their significant other kills you I'm
gonna say all the STDs because with my
luck I'll be getting all the STDs I
don't even sit on public toilet seats My
Luck is that bad you know how many times
I have hovered over that toilet at
Target who sells your story to the
tabloids okay I don't know who half of
these people are that's Lady Gaga
thought that was a muppet alright I'm
gonna go to Lady Gaga because she looks
the most like a muppet and I'm the
honest I've always wanted put my dick in
him of it I got Beyonce how did that
happen does she have all the STDs is she
a muppet you'll wake up in the kitchen
saying how the hell did this shit happen
but you'll have a grin on your face
while bae makes breakfast for you in
blue ivo her baby's there then hurries
you at the back door before Jay gets
home wow that sounds like non-commitment
non-romantic
but there sounds like there's food
involved so I'm in hey guys god that was
a celebrity I got question of the day
what celebrity do you want to hook up
with in 2015 let me don't
the comments also make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and subscribe because
I make new videos every summer but
aren't you guys happy - hang with me -
hang with you and also you tomorrow I'm
all sit my ass down it's the only
Beyonce song I know mainly cuz it's the
ringtone I had when my mom calls bye
okay I think my Oakley is dry now we're
gonna add some sparkly glasses oh yeah
yeah that sounds like Oakley all right
here we go
oh god okay not even he's this gay
