hey guys guess what I have a new podcast
up right now with Ricky so make sure to
go check it out because he talks about
the o2l breakup he talks about having
sex with me he talks about how big his
penis is and he talks about all the
other stuff that he probably doesn't
want me to mention right here but I'm
going to see you guys in the podcast hey
what's up you guys now I thought since
it's 2015 I should do something a little
bit different on my channel you know
usually I do a bunch of gay kind of
girly shit you know color my hair answer
questions about my butthole put on a wig
and a dress but today I thought I would
do something a little different a little
more manly a little out of my comfort
zone so I decided to try to do some nail
art I want to look like these bitches I
know okay it's taking it a step too far
but who cares I just want to be pretty
for once I just want to be able to go on
my Instagram and take a picture of my
nails like this and feel confident wow
my nails are disgusting I don't know if
you can see that but Emily looks like
amanda Bynes was chewing on him during a
drug test all right let's open this baby
up oh wow
oh my god it's beautiful I'm gonna ruin
all of this there's three different
colors there's different templates
there's some kind of birth control
device you wrap that around your uterus
right there's also a little book oh god
they do not look so good close up this
girl's dead inside she has nothing in
her push pull grab stomp step kick hold
scratch your hands and your feet
performed thousands of tasks every day
that's a lot especially for a kid what
kid is scratching and stopping and
stepping this bitch this Exorcist ass
bitch
step 1 wash your hands no step 2
moisturize hell no oh my god Lady Gaga
throwbackthursday know how flexible is
your thumb
what soak your hands in lemon water
ain't nobody got time for that oh god I
don't want to do any of this you know
what I'm just gonna wing it
alright I'm gonna change up the angle so
you can see what's really going on hey
everyone glitter sparkles sticky fingers
here and I am going to be doing my nails
now first steps first keep chewing red
is really in right now and honestly
there's nothing prettier than blood
Oh perfect okay let's open up this baby
whoo these are cute
what are these tampons okay I don't need
those not quite a woman yet so
have up colors we have pink and we have
blue and we have Sparkle we also have
this I don't know what the fuck this is
but I'm gonna guess some kind of gay
pride brass knuckle what you say bitch
I'd be scared of that okay here's some
designs how does this work nail art
practice sheet no need practice use
these pages for more inspiration wait
it's literally just pictures I've got to
Google this all right well I don't need
that
you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
make different youtubers with my
fingernails all right here we go
who can I smell it oh oh oh that is good
oh I've got some inspiration now all
right so I'm gonna make Tyler Oakley
because I feel like this is his palette
all right I'm gonna give him the thumb
cuz he's short and very active and trust
me this dumb gives a lot of action I
don't know what that means
all right let's give him this little
hear how it burns why does it burn ah ha
oh my god what's in this oh my god it
really is burning mom okay it's really
cold
ahh this is disgusting getting close
alright got his hair I'm just gonna do
he's cute little pink skin and I just
realized I only have two colors and
that's gonna get really old really quick
there's only like two youtubers I can
make with this
jenna Marbles and Tyler Oakley and
that's about it but you know what I'm
gonna make the best jenna Marbles and
Tyler Oakley you've ever seen bitch huh
that's beautiful Oh Tyler have you been
canning or ripping off your skin and
just leaving blood Oh God okay well
let's let that face dry before we put
the idols um so a little story time I
just had my neighbor come over cuz he
loved himself out he needed help and he
walked in and I had a camera set up I
had mail Hey nail art I had a Tyler
Oakley thumb I think my name is gonna
move alright let's continue alright I
think my Oakley is dry so now we're
gonna add some sparkly glasses oh yeah
yeah that sounds like Oakley alright
here we go
oh god okay not even he's this gay okay
well that looks like nothing how the
fuck am I supposed to make that with
that this is a stupidest thing I've ever
seen in my life you gave me two
motherfucking colors one tube of Kesha
vomit and you expect me to make a Sun
popping out of the motherfucking clouds
and a fish blowing bubbles under the
water
fuck you nail art bitches car
let's try to make jennamarbles because
we're here and we're not quitters I'm
gonna give Jenna my middle finger
because she loves to say fuck and she's
very long and slender now with her I'm
gonna really try to accentuate her
beautiful skin and by doing that I'm
gonna cover up all my scabs and rips
this middle finger gets a lot of action
all right and I'm gonna try to make the
hair a little bit longer and just more
luscious oh yeah oh that's looking
really good and I feel like the glitter
might look good as like some kind of a
dress I feel like she's always bringing
it in the outfit Department so I'm just
going to give her just a little a little
cute fancy dress oh yes bitch oh my god
it's completely burning my skin off but
I am okay with it
oh wow she is ready for a night out on
the town I'm gonna show this middle
finger a night out on the town if you
know what I'm saying I'm gonna put in my
butt oh look at her oh she's beautiful
oh and look at him oh my god they're
like going to the prom together or the
Teen Choice Awards or some other YouTube
thing but then who's this this is
awkward this is like the third wheel oh
we can make it well they broke up ah oh
even that was too cheesy for me well
there you guys go that's all I could
make with these shitty ass fucking
colors Oh unless I mix okay hold on
maybe if I make purple while there's no
purple youtubers but hold on I'm going
to do one more finger but this time I'm
gonna make it actually good I'm really
gonna try and I think I'm gonna do my
pinky dang are you ready for this oh and
I'm horrible at this well I look like I
just gave a handjob to a little monster
I think I'm done oh my god I just figure
out what this is for glamorous all right
how do I take this off is there nail
polish remover oh no oh no oh my god I'm
stuck with youtuber nails what do you
guys say let's go to my bedroom in
collab well there you guys go I hope you
enjoyed that my nails are feeling really
pretty right now and I'm feeling like a
motherfucking man question of the day uh
what youtuber do you want on your
fingers that's gonna be gross
alright you guys hope you have fun
hanging with me - hang with you make
sure to give me a thumbs up and
subscribe because I make new videos
every single day
alright back
I love you listen bitch if you're in
front of a beautiful sunset or a beach
or I don't know a motherfucking hotdog
stand if you want to show us that show
us that don't put your crusty ass feet
in front of it
