oh good fart noises put it in like in a
cup like that wine the fire is away I'm
working on it but can I tell you
something I got distracted because when
I was in your garage I found a vampire
ring
Oh oh my god no what wait is one of you
guys a secret vampire I've never heard
of vampire ring wait serious question
what did you really find out my garage I
really did well anyways even the vampire
ring isn't helping you make this that's
why our improvised ID to go into your
scary forest around your home me you're
pointing at me alright no fire we don't
need it okay so here's what I think I
wanted to tonight
what was that you guys have no idea what
we're doing right you think maybe we're
summoning a demon or maybe we're trying
to find it goes well I know Halloween's
coming up and I always just had my
fingers crossed for carving a pumpkin
you would be so good at that I'm amazing
yeah you're really gay what would what
about you drew what do you think we were
doing tonight I was thinking that maybe
would you go to all the places that the
zodiac ever killed anyone and just visit
and when your ideas are fucking fire
that's actually a really good idea all
right well we're not doing that because
I have not prepared that next time I
thought day we would visit the most
haunted house there is is it the house
in Hollywood no oh good horror story
mm-hmm even better the one that's on
fire all the time yes the team ten house
now okay here's the thing
I have wanted to visit this house for a
while mainly because literally when you
google it the address comes up but I
felt like that was wrong but they just
moved today probably gonna be grieving
fans outside and I'm not talking about
us yes so here's my plan I think we
should go to the house bring a Ouija
board
yeah wait who died Jake Paul's Disney
contract dad and I also think there
might be kind of fun if there is fans
outside if we like put on scary masks
and like anything scary about the house
I mean I know you killed beats there yes
there's nothing scarier than teenagers
with no limits okay so I actually have
never seen a team ten video completely
I've seen the music videos so I think we
need to go inside do a little research
watch a little teen ten and figure out
who we stand I'm at Estabrook Skype
personally
drew do you know any of their names
maverick alright let's go watch
come on boys it's time for a team ten
viewing party we should start with a
classic wait who are the Martinez twins
oh people say they're the budget Dolan
twins
the only twins I know it's psychic to
psychic twins okay I don't know let's
just click on the channel wait team 10
we weren't the views hi I'm confused
when I drag of a team wait literally
what is this the wrong team 10 where's
Tessa oh wait no you're all the fire is
on Jake's personal channel okay cuz the
competition is not shit hold on oh there
we go jakey jakey which one we have how
to get to ten million uh oh wait this
one's called fuck Jake Paul yes please
own brother
no his name is Jake when you don't even
know that Paul but you know the
martinezes oh my god
wait is he a twin what they're using
digital effects you know Hollywood okay
super woman is shook okay I think I've
seen enough of this one love it I want
to see the house wait what is this ten
crazy rules in Jay Paul's team ten house
oh don't be mad I feel like one of them
do your best kisser Brooks oh oh
do you know wait sorry this would get
rough sorry no I just don't do it
well okay drew when I ask the question
you have to be airline is yeah that's
your boys go home you understand yeah
okay I'll just deliver it like let me
educate you
oh shit now I don't have her body it's
really hard come on it's my favorite leg
from everyday stand up that's you boys
come on
oh oh I'm Tessa Brooks you know I got
you shook no you're supposed to be Jake
I'm Tessa
but you already said you know your voice
hold on no no but that's the genius of
the line
give it to us I'll give you a cue what
you say yeah that's your voice come on
I'll just pointing you in after you say
okay okay is that your voice Cologne
yeah that's you is that your voice
Cologne yeah that's my voice below Wow
Tessa is shocked actually by the
competition no all right so we're gonna
try to find
ten address Garrett has his phone drew
houses Nickelodeon I have my wits about
me oh my god we're kind of like the Paul
brothers what okay um I call 300kg
phones make so let's suck on Charlie's
Angels three because I was googling it
see if it's never gonna happen it's
never gonna happen
Oh literally my life it's literally on
the internet as a company and it has
2000 reviews and four stars
can we please Wheatley's their actual
reviews yes look this trip can you read
one from that's Stefan Stefan says great
food music and atmosphere met my
boyfriend there
we kissed all night long no homo but
it's a great everyday rub is it a better
breakfast that's interesting what's
another oh this one says a house full of
asshole okay wait is this wrong no
because they moved so it's fine
and I feel like it's more of like a
museum it's kind of like a White House
it's a monument and there will be a
statue of Tessa we're trying to make
this a scary video honestly it but I
feel like we should pick up like some
doughnuts for the kids that might be
standing outside because like they
probably know they're a while they're
probably hungry
that's great I didn't read it - my
favorite doughnut shop right now
TomTom's doughnuts I've never been
24 hours a day brother got a good Apple
plate would you say it's open every day
bro oh my god oh and it's giving me
powerful emotions that's a test book so
I think we need a little music for this
doughnut right daddy
yeah every day bro we don't want to
switch language oh my god I'm sweating
is because it's fire and lit maybe fire
this doesn't not look like a donut shop
that looks like a gross rap they have
options
carrot cake muffins burrito the team 10
stands don't want that juice drew we
have an idea if we get a ball and then a
0 and then winona ng 10 to 10 oh and
look that's me with all the kids outside
of it's not ice knives everything oh
okay here's a little here's a it's
everyday bro with that garlic onion
jalapeno whoa oh good
those are for the boys and girls do it I
thought that was attached me outside
girl
Shayne I would have died I would have
screamed and cried how about that all
right we got our doughnuts and we're
driving through Hollywood looking for
14-10 sure what are you gonna do when we
get there I just wanted to say that we
have a team 12 of donuts we got a dozen
y'all that was the woman from outside
Surrey Jews play bobbing Oscar wait
it's like Baba Davi Siri played Baba
Davi
I'm not sure I understand it's hot these
hollers but it's Pelican axe okay
Siri play these hoaxes play these hoes
by catch me outside here's what I found
there are wait really quick have you
guys seen this not sponsored but this is
the fucking it house are you kidding me
we're going now we're going to town oh
wait is this Baba daddy's baby fuck wait
a minute I think that one's heard of
shade house and conspiracy theory that
she was like 30 and we saw at the donut
shop what if that was her drew official
review of these hosts probably uses
specific style of locals but I kind of
think is interesting and I would love to
have on my label I actually love it I
love her mama Davi get in our car let's
go ghost hunting oh my god oh my god oh
my god we're three minutes away I'm
freaking out ah why am I so short I
don't know wait what if there's nobody
there definitely gonna be three
spookyboys there what I've been here
like 15 times
oh my god here we come wait this is
where they live this is like busy no
wonder there's a bunch of kids outside
they literally live in like the middle
of Hollywood there's like a supreme
right there oh my god oh my god wait is
this the street no no but we're close
you'll know when you see the ferris
wheel do you think we're all going to
team ten oh wait this is it oh my god oh
my god bring it out we are we daxing you
know we're not that's not a business
that address is out there he moved we're
fine I'm just so scared of getting
arrested but why I don't know oh my god
I'm gonna freaking out I've never done
this before
what do you mean we can always go to
scary places
about the back-up plan back-up plan is
oh it helps I'll get back a busy get
house Oh turn oh my god oh my god oh we
can park right here wait wait I'm scared
wait is that it there's parking readily
available right outside the team ten
wait I don't think it's a I mean we're
close wait no we're not getting out of
the car we're gonna do a drive-by fern
well not a dry five no we're not killing
anybody Garrett we're gonna hand
doughnuts out the window you sad why is
anyone here that's it wait is that Randy
literally I know wait is that really it
oh my god yes oh my god oh my god that's
it oh I'm scared wait there's somebody
there wait who is that there are two
fans present I see it I see girls wait I
see a security guard just like his hair
stylist oh wait look there's people
talking to the guard
I can't see anything fuck it's so dark
oh wait oh wait never go you can kind of
see her okay she's wearing a little
dress okay they're trying to find people
should we give them a doughnut wait
let's call them over to the car we have
done it the way they're yelling they're
yelling at us they're yelling you have
to go we have to go we have to go we
have to go I'm gonna go talk to him no
don't feel anything scared no we brought
doughnuts everyone hey how's it going -
we were just curious about them sorry
what's up
we're good we've brought a ton of donut
okay okay we officially got kicked out
yeah which is good there's security
that's good oh my god you promised to be
there all fucking night because of
stupid people like us no no I offered
him a donut he said no I know he was
nice about it I know but I have a great
idea what we can give donuts to the
people on the line at the house there's
a lot of weight we should get donuts to
those two girls that got turned away I
think so you want donut ah we go back I
want to drive by the street again and I
want to see all the cars and I want to
see if there's any kids on them it
sounds bad but it's not I just watch so
many donuts for these colors
well we'll eat them true the parents are
in the car with them that's crazy
is it like the parents are like yo honey
we'll take you to the team tan house
moral of the story guys don't go to
somebody's house unless they're your
best friend but they moved it's
different
oh you're right oh if he's everything
all the kids out there like dabbing same
way right that could've been us
all right so the night is coming to a
close no it's not we're going to the it
house now
nope we're not shitting please pop over
there Chipotle what time is it it's only
9:30 there up until we can't do both
okay boy oh my god wait we should try to
give the donuts out to the people that
work at your away idea do anything I
want like three give up sir we're
heading into Chipotle Garrett has the
doughnuts where'd you guys like some
doughnuts they're brand new guys fans of
team 10 yeah
no really they are Paul Jake Paul Jay
we're home we're home we're home where
are you
we saw the team 10th house we're part of
team 10 now yeah Tessa Brooks is
downstairs no there's a security guard
there and he escorted us out yeah but we
got doughnuts all right you guys that's
the end of the video what a scary scary
night oh hello just playing with the dog
and having the most fun time of my life
not scary at all is it folks I guess it
wasn't that scary tonight but it was fun
it was kind of scary because like this
security guard got mad at us that was
like frightening it's pretty chilly it
was fun it was scary guys if you want to
see some other scary videos go over to
their channels over on Garrett's channel
he I don't know I've made a wall of
edible Dorito he says that last week's
obviously you're no no I'm gonna do yeah
it's gonna be great though and then drew
has a new music video over on his
channel go check it out with the song on
iTunes
yes TeamTennis shook and Tessa Brooks
here invited over anytime you got what
if she came over
aren't you guys team ten stop quaking
Tessa Brooks keep shaking bye
