oh I've seen this video
this is Twinkie bukkake right if they
don't fuck I want my money back you know
what I love more than Instagram cancer
poverty aids pretty much everything
terrible in the world that's killing
everybody off now I know you're thinking
Shane you have an Instagram I follow you
on there you have a lot of annoying
pictures are you talking about yourself
why yes I am
I'm talking about myself I'm talking
about everybody I follow I'm talking
about my mother I think all of us should
die in a horrible horrible horrible fire
and I'm gonna give you the reasons why
so I have put together a list of things
that frustrate the shit out of me when
it comes to Instagram I basically went
through my feed I look at everybody who
I'm following who by the way are friends
of mine or random clerks at Ralph's that
for some reason I searched for on
Instagram and then started following I'm
a stalker well let's get back to
Instagram so here is my list of things
that I never ever ever want to see again
but I'm going to see them once I turn
back on my app to many hashtags okay
listen I get it
if your hash tagging is like a joke like
you post a picture of your face and it
looks ugly and you put like hashtag
boner killer or something like that's
funny but when you're putting hashtags
for people to actually search for it
that's embarrassing there's one person I
follow on Instagram who literally will
take a picture of themselves you know
pretty simple just like them in the
mirror and they'll put 58 motherfucking
hashtags on it hashtag girl hashtag
standing house check breathing hashtag
lol hashtag Mir hashtag is that a girl
hashtag it could be a guy hashtag no
judgement like bitch we get it you want
people to find you you want people to
search for you you want people to
stumble across your page and follow you
and say is it a man I don't know follow
but you know how you get more followers
show your tits that's all we want to see
anyways bitch
oof I'm already sweating I need to calm
down the next thing that frustrates me
is legs just in general
I hate legs know what I really hate is
when people take pictures of their legs
in front of things or their feet they'll
be standing like in front of something
they'll take a picture of their feet and
then we're supposed to look at what's
behind their feet but all I'm staring at
is their crusty ass motherfucking toes
listen bitch if you're in front of a
beautiful sunset or a beach or I don't
know a motherfucking hotdog stand if you
want to show us that
is that don't put your crusty ass feet
in front of it unless you're at a lady
Gaga concert please put a crusty foot in
front of that another thing I hate is
when people do the hot dog legs where
they take a picture of their legs and
they put hashtag don't my legs look like
hot dogs
hashtag no they look like legs hot dogs
are delicious and they're covered in
ketchup and mayonnaise and relish and
onions and chili and sometimes cheese
and sometimes you can even chop up a
tomato sometimes with a little sour
cream whoo hashtag fat anyways the point
is no I don't want to eat your fucking
legs unless you put a little sour cream
on them and chopped up tomato and a
little cool chili hill cheese ha shit
nature go fuck yourself
hey guess what a picture of a leaf a
picture of a tree picture water god I've
never seen this before oh wait
I just went outside you idiot I don't
need you to take a picture of a fucking
tree I know what a fucking tree looks
like I stay away from them as far away
as I can you know what I haven't here no
fucking nature well except for that
nature background I have on my computer
oh damn it the irony food porn listen I
love good food porn okay you got a big
brownie fuck govern chocolate nuts
thrown on there maybe maybe some kind of
a caramel drizzle and maybe some kind of
a cocoa spread some kind of okay I
really need to stop talking about food
those are fine but when you take a
picture of just your semi okay-looking
hamburger and your fucking kind of
good-looking guacamole and chips I don't
need that I got that in my fridge you're
gonna show me something
show me something delicious not
something I might find a heron and might
send back and don't even be started on
sushi that shit never looks good oh god
this raw fish that smells like ass oh
and the way that there's like veins on
it you can gotta see a fish's eyeball
let me insta-bed nastic people who
screencap their tweets and then post
those on Instagram that tells me two
things one nobody's following you on
Twitter and two you think you're fucking
hilarious
guess what nobody's following you on
Twitter you're not fucking hilarious oh
damn oh damn that tweet I just said that
was funny hold on oh yeah
no that's going on insta and don't even
get me started with a social media
section where they post a tweet on their
Facebook and then screencap the Facebook
post on their tweet and then post it to
Instagram
kill yourself yeah it's a separately
agreed Oh
nose to chin people this is the only
part of me that looks good cuz when you
see the rest of my face you gonna throw
up I love a good throwback Thursday but
you know what I don't love a throwback
Monday throwback Tuesday throwback
Wednesday throwback Thursday throwback
Friday throwback Saturday throwback
Sunday we get it you were ugly and guess
what you're still kind of our wasn't I
have fat baby yeah you were and now
you're a fat person I'm kidding
I'm giving to me listen I hate myself
too I'm allowed to do this text
conversations oh man me and my friends
are hilarious I'm just gonna scream cab
all of the text conversations I have
with them you know those private
conversations you know those
conversations that you didn't want
anybody to see well I'm just gonna take
that screen cabin post to my Instagram
why is that okay and now I'm scared to
text any of my friends okay
scared to text my mom I don't really
text my friends but I don't want to be
asking my mom over a text what kind of
rash this is and then her to post it on
instagram with hashtag Rashi although
maybe if I posted a picture of the rash
with that in the text people could give
suggestions on what it is and then I can
go get the right medication kind of love
the Internet and last but not least face
- listen I'm guilty of tuning a little
bit once in a while if I'm having an
ugly day well I'll just detail my eyes
so you look at those and not the rest of
my face but I follow some people who
don't know what to stop hmm okay I kind
of want to look like a mix between a
precious moment doll and The Terminator
let me just smooth detail detail detail
detail smooth and enlarged only Pixar
characters look good as Pixar characters
still try to make yourself look like
that bitch from frozen because you know
what you're gonna end up looking like
the big ass motherfucker of a big hero 6
trust me
follow a lot of people who look like
this and a lot of people that look like
Shrek and that would be me all right you
guys that is all of my people on
Instagram that annoy me including myself
I'll be have fun question of the day
what I know is you by Instagram or leave
me the funnest craziest hashtag you can
think of all right you guys I'm gonna go
be have fun hang with me I have fun hang
with you make sure to subscribe and
leave me a thumbs up and all that crap I
make me videos every single day and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
almost screen cap that
you guys are hilarious
hashtag real talk real shit I should
call them shit videos no that's all my
other videos I'm kidding
