no get back you buddy wow I haven't seen
that many cracked eggs since I was
gangbang when I was ovulating hey yo
what's up you guys um so yes it's time
for another one of my chatty real shit
vlogs hashtag real talk real shit I
should call them shit videos no that's
all my other videos I'm kidding so today
I wanted to talk about something that I
haven't talked about in a long time and
I wasn't going to make this video but
then I wanted to make it because I feel
like a lot of you guys can get something
out of it which is why I do these these
honest vlogs my relationship with my dad
so that is the most common question I
get on my videos on my Twitter you know
what's your relationship with your dad
like this as you guys know you it was
non-existent for a long time and a lot
of my videos back in the day were about
it you know I would make sketches about
not having a dad or I would talk about
it in blogs and sometimes talk too much
about it where I was kind of turning
myself into the victim you know like oh
I'm this sad guy with no dad and bla bla
bla because being the victim is easier
than dealing with your shit if that
makes sense it's what it's a lot easier
to to be like oh I'm sad and know
everybody's you know everybody else is
hurting me and I'm just getting hurt I'm
the victim and and my life is hard like
it's so easy to do that but you know
what it's really hard to do
fucking get past that that's fucking
hard and this last year has been about
getting past shit for me it's been about
dealing with my issues you know going to
therapy for the first time dealing with
my body dysmorphia stuff dealing with my
relationship issues dealing with my
issues with friends like just dealing
with everything because I just got to
the point where I'm like I'm done always
acting like the world is ending you know
so this year also as I kind of have
talked about before was about repairing
the relationship with my dad I don't
want to get too much into it because
I've talked to him recently and and he
doesn't really want you know his shit
aired out there and he shouldn't because
I've already talked about him enough so
I want to make this video more about the
process of what I did and maybe you guys
could get something out of that so long
story short about six months ago maybe a
little longer than that my brother's
wedding was happening and I was like
okay well I'm going to see my dad at the
wedding I hadn't seen him in like over
ten years a long time and I was I was
scared I was like well I haven't seen
him and you know I've made videos about
him and I don't I don't know what to do
and I don't want it to be awkward and
and you know maybe I should just see him
and then I started going to therapy in
and you know therapist was like I think
you need to talk to him and like figure
out what your childhood was and really
really to talk about it and I was like
alright so I did I went to his house was
the scariest thing I think I've ever
done and I sat with him and I think what
was the most shocking to me was that he
was a person you know like he was just a
guy he was just a cool guy and you know
in my head I had turned him into this
like fire-breathing fucking Godzilla
monster
you know because because the longer you
wait to deal with an issue the bigger it
becomes in your head you know like he it
just becomes this fucking cartoon in
your head of like this you know the
villain and he's fucking walking on his
elbow it was an open fire coming out of
his mouth and then I got there and I was
like whoa he just looks like me in a few
years you know and it was really cool
and a funny and very very similar
personality to me and we talked about my
childhood and we talked about our issues
and and whatever and we got past it and
there was a lot of like you know just
talking and I left that night feeling
like like a weight had been lifted off
my shoulders like completely I left
feeling like oh this is what it's
supposed to feel like where you don't
have enemies in your family and there's
not weird awkwardness and you're not
scared to run into somebody at a grocery
store like this is that feeling you know
and ever since then I've been getting
with him you know for Christmas
sometimes just to see him and hang out
you know and it's been really good and
I'm really happy and and it's good to
have that relationship again because you
know listen childhood was shitty wasn't
great you know it wasn't just my dad's
fault it was my mom's it was all of our
faults for just having kind of a doubt
like a shitty life we were all in his
shitty headspace and you know granted I
was a kid so I didn't have much say in
it but if I could go back in time first
of all I would kidnap amanda bynes and
medicate her and be like Ronald the
future I know what's coming
secondly I think when I was like 12 when
I was like 12 years old is when I really
started to start hating people and
hating my dad and hating every hating my
teachers and and just feeling like
everybody's against me you know and I
had that feeling up until like two years
ago you know and and dealing with it
head-on made me realize oh no a lot of
it is my shit and things I made up in my
head so hopefully this video helps some
of you guys out there if you're feeling
like you have enemies or you're feeling
like you know if there's somebody at
school that you hate or that you think
hates you or somebody at work that you
don't get along with it we think hates
you you hate them someone in your family
like your dad or mom you haven't talked
to for a long time just deal with it
head-on talk to them go up to that
person you think hates you and say hey I
feel like you have a problem with me can
we talk about this and honestly is going
to change your whole life I remember in
high school there was this girl who
fucking hated me treated me horribly
she was like ten feet tall so mean to me
constantly pulling at my
asking me where'd you get that we vet
like really really mean to me and then
one day she threw something at me and I
turned around and I just said what he
what's your problem she said oh what's
my problem you know what my problem is
and she started yelling stuff and then I
just walked up to her and I said
seriously what is your problem like I I
don't understand I've never done
anything to you and you've been so mean
to me I just I just want to know and if
I know what your problem is I can try to
fix it and maybe not do it anymore
or maybe we can figure this out and I
think she was so confused that I was
just talking to her and not running away
screaming as she literally was like I
mean I don't know and there was about
thirty seconds of silence and then she
literally never bothered me again
because I think I think part of the
reason bullies do it is because they
want that angry reaction but if you
don't give it to them
I'm just going to stop and I think that
goes for a lot of things it goes for
your parents too you have a family
situation just talk to them you know
just say what's going on let's talk
about this the worst thing you can do is
not say anything and just sweep
everything under the rug which is what I
am a master at which is what I'm trying
not to do anymore so I know this video
is kind of all over the place but you
know um I wanted to talk about it it's
kind of a big deal you know I've lived
the life of a victim for a long time and
I'm done and I think this year was such
an awesome year I mean we had fucking my
movie you know we had so much amazing
shit going on and you know I don't think
a lot of that stuff would have happened
if I would have just been sitting in the
corner complaining and crying about
people not liking me and listen there's
gonna be people that don't like you okay
there's a lot of people that don't like
me but when I encountered them now I
asked them about it I'm not just gonna
subtweet them you know I mean I'm done
doing that so anyways hope you guys well
had fun is a weird way to put it but I
hope you guys got something out of this
I know I did and until next time I love
you guys see you tomorrow I want to
bring back some characters and it's
really fun to play them again and and I
don't know I hope you liked it anyways
sitting here editing this I'm very very
tired but I'm gonna stay up til it's
done because I wanna fucking do it cuz I
fucking love you guys and I fucking fuck
fuck fuck
