I don't want this video to get flagged
so we're gonna have to censor this next
part yeah that's kind of shit I've been
waiting for it come on each other huh
have you guys yes I'm driving it's
exciting um yeah today I thought I would
just take you guys around with me dude
some fun stuff and some boring stuff and
I'll probably just show you the fun
stuff so I am on my way right now to do
a collab and to hang out with my friend
Shana I haven't seen her maybe a month
so we have a lot to catch up on side
note there was a gay black dude I'm just
assuming he was gay that's profiling but
whatever he was listening to Gaga very
loud gay black dude next to me as I was
just flogging and I look over and he
literally did this to me like like he
was checking his hair by doing it for me
like he was waiting for my reaction so
instead of looking in the mirror he was
like you know what I won't look at that
gay guy and if that gay guy gives me a
wink
the maje look good today he's just
assuming I'm gay he's profiling too
probably because I'm looking like I'm
taking selfies and because of my quiz
anyways yes I'm gonna hang out Shana and
then after that I have a doctor's
appointment there's something crawling
on my balls and then after that I have a
haircut appointment because there's some
crawling on my head and then after that
um I will probably see Lisa and then I'm
gonna hang out with some friends and
bake some Christmas treats and buy baked
I mean watch other people bake them and
eat them before they're cooked sometimes
I like to just walk by the oven be like
oh let me check them for you and then
shove my fucking fingers in it and I
feel how soft they are
and hey I'll lick off the batter and
then I keep doing it uh I should
probably continue therapy look one way
can you see me cuz it's really dark and
I don't think they get the cake anyway
static so that Christmas tree not good
enough that's too much so Shana has some
big news I'm pregnant another one I'm
pregnant with your baby no uh you're a
lesbian
okay oh I'm gonna come out girl on try
to get you the view this girl try to get
you in yeah Bridget so oh I know I can't
talk about it no no no
we're all very proud no but but girl I
mean come on now girl you got like ten
million views in a day
okay okay guy I'm gonna be a fake less
I'm kidding I can't I can't cuz it's
really it's really bisexual no I feel
like you've been with girls before
actually okay so I did go to all-girls
College and what happened was is
groaning Aaron I'm on several last names
because I don't think her husband that's
right know about her oh yeah yeah she
tried to kiss me and I was like no no no
you've never kissed a girl before
thanks to you how many girls was I can
oh yeah you've done that a few times in
my videos I mean you don't feel anything
not a damn thing how many guys have I
kissed okay let me think okay one two
thousand eight hundred I'm trying to
think I ever felt anything I mean what's
your what is your number
oh my god like that a Pharisee yeah way
gay what's my number okay let me think
what my number is why you try to
remember okay so there was Joey
there was no there's been more there was
Joey oh there was that dude from
Craigslist who had an ex oh yeah he had
an ex or that wouldn't stop believing
and I was like do you want to get a
band-aid for that but there was him that
was Aneesha there was Joey
there was dude from Craigslist I feel
like the list should be longer than that
that's what I thought
Artie just keeps kids there's a lot of
thumbnails of right whenever another
dude haha damn thing yeah not a damn
thing happens that might be it
definitely been more okay Molly oh there
was Oh not it there was uh there was
this older guy from Craigslist that was
for another dude girl that's all I can
get I got a France a girl I can guess
right yeah yeah you ain't never said at
least two of the Oh two L's right I feel
like did I make out them Trevor may be
out okay lay slain Bowie slayed my ass
didn't he feel anything I felt when I
kissed Joey um yes it was all the showi
fans yeah you thought it was definitely
more feminine then I thought it was
gonna be okay like it was it was like it
was Lisa with a queef are these call the
Queens
no they're not no there's not called a
queen I think if we've come out of a
different hand oh um and you trying to
say Lisa Kim's like a dude or that Joey
feels like a girl no the way I explain
it I wrote it
in my new book coming up with my I hate
myself i hash tag i am i selfie um that
lisa has lips kind of tastes like like
baloney with mayonnaise smeared on and
that's kind of hot yeah I'm a romantic
yeah I'm kind of like when you open up a
bologna sandwich and you take out the
Bologna and there's mayonnaise on it
like that's and you wiggle it like
what's wrong with you I have an eating
disorder
oh uh so yeah it's Joey's was like
mayonnaise II Molony wasn't bad but Matt
what meant okay
he had a similar bologna taste which is
why y'all did a three-way any because
she end up kissing Joey yeah so it's
really just the same balloon we made a
double decker baloney I was the bread
I've heard that my lips are like a baby
i hovered in chapstick well there's that
but you got a lot of stubble edge cuz
you you a hairy person and every time
even when he was hot I'm Hilda old
ammonia was I'm Hilda we had is that was
not I've kissed a lot of people hell you
ain't got hurt do you and Alou I have
something here oh there it is it's it
that's a new one oh that's um Ricky
Dillon though no nobody but me anyways
we're gonna film some videos and we're
gonna find yeah yeah I'm scared to vlog
in front of the doctor cuz I feel like
he's gonna prescribe me with mental
medication there's a lot of tools I
think that's gonna go inside of me guys
it's official I'm contagious I'm dying I
have some form of disease it's a new
disease it's collab itis um it's from
too many collabs and too short of a time
period I might have gotten it from
Trisha Paytas probably got it from Ollie
white may be superwoman most likely Joey
Graceffa and it's a slow agonizing death
the only cure for it is constant thumbs
up possibly a subscribe and definitely
comment you do your part and I'll do
mine and not die I'm kidding I'm not
gonna die but they were giving these
away than the doctors I don't know why
kind of scared me that they were giving
away mouth condoms but I didn't question
and when I took one I terrified
everybody in the elevator because I'm
like you know what I'm gonna put this
baby on what floor are you going to
sorry what was that
scared the shit out of them it'll be
even better if I put a little blood
they're just like a little bit of blood
so that when they saw is just just like
it's sprinkle of blood oh sorry
Oh little blood came out up let me just
wipe that out I'm a terrible person
all right now I'm gonna go get my hair
cut and I'm gonna hang out with Steve
and a couple other people this has been
just a fun day right you guys love
hanging out me all day every day you're
any one of these I got a haircut it's
shorter I don't look like I have a wig
on anymore Wow my face shape is
different that looks like a peanut tasty
corny corny yeah
she's got she loved to hit it and quit
it
oh all right you guys I'm gonna end this
vlog I'm tired question of the day I
don't know what do you think that is an
ingrown hair a pimple or Ebola as you
guys 'happy fni at me everything with
you and I'll show you my mind goes to
the darkest of places because when I'm
getting a haircut what I'm really saying
is I want to end it
