hey to be guys now today I thought we
would do something a little bit
educational and take a quiz I don't know
about you but when I was in school one
of my favorite moments was when the
teacher would say hey guys pop quiz not
because I like taking quizzes but
because I liked figuring out new ways to
get out of it no I got to go to the
bathroom I think I've diarrhea did you
hear that I think there's a school
shooting going on I'm so sorry your
husband killed himself what oh you
didn't know
ooh awkward and of course because I was
a fat kid I'd always have my go-to I'm
having a heart attack
so sad that that's the one they would
believe anyways today we're gonna take a
pop quiz but it's not gonna be an
educational one it's gonna be a little
more fun we're gonna take a quiz called
what popular song lirik predicts your
future I mean honestly I'll be happy as
long as it's not any lyric from a
Rihanna song my butt can't handle all
that dick let's get started all right
what popular songs are predict your
future ouch I think there's only got one
cat out of five but it got guacamole
whatever the fuck that means what do you
think about when you wake up okay well I
don't eat in the morning because I hate
my body I don't like thinking about
working out because I hate my body I
really don't like showering mainly
because I hate my body social
commitments for the day that requires
leaving my house and being out in public
which I would never do because I hate my
body so I'm just gonna go with when will
I work out if you got a new pet what
would you name her okay I already have
too many pets I think I have about a
fuck tone to mimic but if I had to pick
one probably mr. president that way if I
ever got hit by a car I could tell
people it was assasinated which would
make the story funnier and keep me from
crying every animal a own dies how do
you drink your coffee I don't drink
coffee
I'm more of a tea kinda guy my son lyric
is gonna be gay isn't it pick a movie
music and lyrics Invictus a social
network or chef well I have not seen any
of these this sounds like some kind of
genital wart medication so I'm gonna go
with this one pick convenient store item
birthday card headphone energy drink or
candy where's the chili pump am i right
I hate myself all right I'm gonna go
with candy how do you approach getting a
haircut terror haircuts are fine as long
as I can think of something to talk to
my hairdresser about that doesn't really
work out too well because when I start
talking during a haircut my mind goes to
the darkest of places because when I'm
getting a haircut what I'm really saying
is I want to end it I'm giving up
basically I wish my
hair looked good but it never does so
I'm really depressed in the haircutting
chair it could easily turn into the
cutting chair if I'm not careful so I'm
gonna go with that one pick a type of
photograph still-life what the fuck is
that some kind of video game action shot
I've definitely used those search terms
on youporn before group shot I've used
that one to solo head shot and that's my
most searched dois I want to go with
solo headshot because that way I can
like make sure that I look okay when I
put my head next to another person's
head I look like Shrek mainly because I
have an oversized head and then when
somebody with a normal-sized head gets
next to me it's almost like they're
standing on a blimp on the Thanksgiving
Day Parade and I'm the blimp let's see
what I got you're the only one invited
yep that sums it up well thank you Nick
Jonas for confirming my thoughts that I
am a fucking loser
your future looks uncomfortably awkward
as you will be invited to multiple
formal events and holiday parties only
to discover that you're literally the
only person invited good luck trying to
make a conversation the entire night
with the host well you know they could
have given me any other nick jonas lyric
they could have given me you know does
he have other songs I mean even the
Jonas Brother lyric would've been okay
cuz you know burnin up very much relates
to me well there you go that was me
finding out what lyric is my life mm-hmm
I know I joke a lot about hating myself
and hating my life and it's always a
joke but damn it this lyric really just
hammered in that joke I mean fucking
took a sledgehammer that joke it was
like lol lol you think it's funny
hahaha anywho I'm gonna go cry okay guys
have fun hang with me I have fun eating
with you question of the day let's say
if you were to get a pet what would
their name be
you could pick these choices or you
could pick another one who knows maybe
I'll get another pet and name it I
shouldn't cuz I keep buying pets to fill
the holes in my heart and I'm gonna need
a zoo alright you guys have yep ending
with me item right here at our date
about I holy fuck
getting high off fumes
I'm the best but it's so pretty it's
worth it
