hey what's up you guys yes it is time
again for me to play with some
children's toys it's not time for me to
play with children I do that after the
camera turns off so yes last week or 2
weeks ago or 3 weeks ago
I don't know I'm drunk I'm getting ready
for the time when the camera turns off
this joke is going too far
anyways yes I did a video where I was
playing with weird kid toys and you guys
really liked it and you requested me to
get some more toys so I did I went to
Target and I spend way too much money on
shit I don't need first off I just want
to say that this was in the kids toy
aisle what the fuck mommy I found this
toy under your bed can i play with that
honey stop it
that is your dad's toy really what does
he do with it something that he can't do
with me because I am a woman and I don't
have everything if you want okay I'm
just gonna go play with the Barbie I'm
uncomfortable anyways let's get into the
real toys okay first things first
this bitch is stupid um so this is
supposed to be a flying fairy gay pride
princess she looks like a mix of Nicki
Minaj Lady Gaga and crumbled-up piece of
trash so basically making Minaj alright
we're gonna put her on her thing and
supposedly when I click this button
she's gonna fly alright here we go
what the fuck
I spent $30 on this so this bitch gotta
fucking fly okay maybe she just needs
some wind fuck okay there's a lot going
on inside of her body I don't know if
you can see this but God what is wrong
with you fairy gay pride princess
well maybe it's like Tinkerbell maybe if
we clap for her she'll fly you can do it
you can do it you got it you're
beautiful
why why why she did I always knew you
could do it fairy gay pride princess we
just had to believe in yourself I'm
kidding I hate you
next toy so this is very similar this is
called the fucking talking bird thing I
don't know I threw away the box so on
the bottom of it there's a little button
and when you press it it supposedly
sings so let's see oh my god oh my god
oh my god I don't like this robot shit
it's too real hello who are you grandma
oh it's the devil look how creepy it is
but kill it with fire
wait what I think it just played The
Hunger Games theme song yep just like
The Hunger Games I've wasted my money
okay I'm really excited about this shit
this is called amazing elastic plastic
I mean honestly Nicki Minaj is just all
over these toys okay so it's basically
balloons but they're made of plastic and
you can make them into things like this
little girl made it into a bubble these
two kids made him into bubbles okay they
are not on their game like this little
bitch he made it into a teddy bear a
dinosaur and a sunflower get on his
level bitch
alright let's see what we can do okay to
come with little straws I'm gonna pick
the blue wide huh sometimes I dream
about doing drugs did I say that all all
right let's get one of these little
green balloons and I guess you just put
it inside of your ape shit or do I roll
it pull it no gross
they're taking it and roll it into a
ball is that way
see what happens holy fuck getting high
off fumes I'm the best but it's so
pretty it's worth it I think I'm making
a scrotum so then I'm just gonna take it
off oh my scrotum deflating oh wait I
got it oh look it holy shit yeah suck at
gay pride princess I got the cool to it
now what should I make I'll make myself
okay this is my head that's obviously my
big chin put that over here now I got to
make my hair do they have gay color
thread close enough like popping a big
pimple oh oh it's coming out of both
sides oh my god oh my god don't go make
a big bubble all right let's see how big
we can make this shit Mike whip is
pretty big today is a quicker queef I
never know
alright this is a little big for my
quiff but we'll just pretend like this
is my quip on a bad day so we're gonna
take this and just oh yeah twinsies all
right last but not least let's give it
some eyeballs oh I think I just went
blind there we go all right here's one
eye oh no my head's deflating looks like
I was reading some YouTube comments
all right there's one eye oh shit I got
a hurry before I die here's my other eye
I mean honestly I look good what was
that what was that wait what you're not
putting your face and do not ingest it's
poisonous oh well I'm worth it Oh
everything I touch dies and last but not
least something I really want to play
with no in a can oh my god okay so I'm
in LA we don't get snow here so I happy
oh my god I hoped out oh no how am I
gonna get my snow out of my can oh man
no yeah you see guys if I first you fail
dust yourself off and stab it with a
knife all right here we go
so all we do is pour this into here and
put some water in it and then it'll be
snow oh the weather outside is kind of
normal but the Sun is out so I'm not
gonna go out there because I'm afraid of
skin cancer I am white I am pale I am
sad all right let me get my little
shovel holy shit oh my god I'm gonna cry
guys look it's snow oh wow oh it's
beautiful
oh it's getting everywhere oh I just
went up my nose
oh it's chemically oh wow not kidding
this is exactly what my hands used to
look like when I'd run my hands through
my hair in middle school I don't have
dandruff oh that's just snow oh this is
so cool
total not a waste of money this made up
for fairy princess bitch so fuck you I
got my instant dandruff
well alright guys go that was me playing
with all these dumbass toys leave me
some comments down there and letting me
know what you want me to play with next
that sounds gross alright you guys hope
you have
hang with me I'd fun hang with you make
sure to give this video a thumbs up I
don't know because you liked it and
subscribe because I make new videos
every day
I'm gonna go I need to clean up all this
shit and go play with Daddy bye
Oh God daddy got too excited gonna mix
this together oh my god it's making rice
I mean honestly I'm a fucking genius
honestly if making Methos is much fun
I'd have a lab oh it smells wrong oh my
god Oh No
