hey guys yes I'm here with Shana Malcolm
hey yo Shana
she's also bipolar and has multiple
personalities damn I carry pain anyways
we are here doing the big year-end
review we did this last year I think
right we did and now we're doing it
again mother fuckers oh my god rinse and
repeat only this is better what is this
I don't know about Twitter and I say hey
what the fuck happened this year what do
you guys want to start so we're gonna do
half of the year on my channel and half
on her channel okay first is Abigail
breslin's musically having a breast and
she was in the call right she was one
that got kidnapped
and Heather was having to rescue her
okay I didn't know she made it you get
it out it is a genius I come your
expression that you felt like it changed
your life like it made you a better
artist and performer is that how you
feel because I feel like this how you
feel
here's the thing mmm Abbi as I call her
yeah Abbas ABS I'm close with her so I
am mm-hmm Presi she follows me on
Twitter what we DM what girl Abigail
went out with one of the guys from the
band 5 seconds of summer I guess he
cheated on her something she wrote this
song you know like whenever Lavigne will
write like a hate song about you but
like she's not like that like obvious
about it like okay if I was ready to
hate something about you it would be
like this groan treated me bad
you laughed really loud in my face but I
loved you now I don't see me now this is
what I would get with you girl that
black skin and earrings that you're
wearing very specific detail on your
hair right now and that dress with
horizontal stripes like it's obvious
she's how about you
well this song she worried about this
guy was literally like I hate that scar
above your left thigh tattoo you know
the one that says go to the moon but
she's literally a scrub
yeah
look be more like oh my god how could
you write a song behind she goes I
didn't say carry number the Sun bitch we
don't know anything about this band I
know she's talking about that guy but
all I'm trying to say is let's move on
absol my my sire I still love her until
she unfollowed me there Kim Kardashian's
ass why we got to talk about that every
year exactly that that's why I can
actually go online and tweet like
eonline when you're like oh Kardashian
naked in the rain or Kardashian they get
on the side of road I'm like bitch glass
is always made is Tuesday Allah is the
tradition always late girl you know when
I'm naked
I don't you ain't you ain't wanna play
that I actually get naked all the time
but nobody's ever here birthday next one
ha ha
connor franta coming out yeah I'm glad
you got a courage to actually be like
you know what this Who I am
accept me Mockingjay part 1 well I
already get enough sleep at night so I
didn't you didn't want to pay for some
smells public sleep let me start by
saying I am a Jessica Lawrence fan
that's a lot step 4 like the last 3 or 4
things that she does bad I thought she
was better for she was real real famous
that's just my opinion but uh American
hustle sucked
especially for a part I'm sorry silver
linings playbook overrated and now I can
take part one girl Du Bois cuz she's
actually a very good actress so I'm just
a little bit man and she ain't doing as
good as she should be
not a fan right now girl okay the
question was definitely Mockingjay part
1 took it to a Jennifer Lawrence area
well she is Mockingjay
she's got amber damn I seen a movie for
Jews she is the the Mockingjay is
representative of the revolution see he
ain't can't read books he ain't seen the
movie that's why he don't know I'd be a
pigeon just a sad pigeon eating bread
pooping on that who's a youtuber sex
scandal
here's the thing this is why YouTube is
bad okay just giving nerdy ass kids who
could never get laid in high school fame
and money and you know what that's gonna
do that they're gonna turn into this
fuck something I go to VidCon least
never do that again
oh my god did you see the look of
genuine terrible fake her that's my
other personality
his name is British youtuber gonna be
gone all little girls are screaming for
them and oh ha ha ha I mean look at the
little girls no way those are like the
girl that won and high school that I
wanted to fuck what I couldn't and then
they fuck all these girls and then the
girls are like 14 and now that's bad so
instead YouTube should not let anybody
push that's your solution
it's letting people stop raping people
you're like you know what no one should
be allowed to post no videos are stupid
watching I thought I better yeah that is
my opinion
oh my god oh yeah and rape is bad -
don't do that
alright let's do one more let's talk
about Ebola cool is it done yeah I think
so cuz I did see a meme going around
saying that more people have been
married at Kardashians than got it died
at Boulder so I feel like that's safe
like you're safe with Ned 20 on that
level I don't know much about Ebola
except for the fact that when I heard it
gave you explosive diarrhea I was like
ooh how are you then I heard it made you
die and I was like oh do I want to be
skinny not bad and then I was like how
do I get that but you'll die skinny oh
my god
skinny I want my casket to be like just
like a locker aligot like a high school
don't listen to this dumb you do not
live the dumb I like just like I'm
slipper I'm gonna slip through the
casket I want when they're dropping me
from flip through you just you can spray
air back that's shit if you was the
outbreak monkey I'm dead now goddamn so
all in all it was a fun year
we both have Ebola and notice he gave it
to me go over to her channel subscribe
check it out and watch the other half of
the year we're talk about even crazier
shit and gosh it's gonna get nasty music
and all thumbs this video up
and do it don't fucking leave me
comments saying myself you're touching
yourself to know I was doing this I'm
realizing my chance was dumping a lot we
have a comment so I guess what's the
craziest thing that happened this year
in your opinion we're actually no better
yet what do you think of Justin Bieber's
new hair oh fuck I got her Britney CD
featuring her hit single
yikes none of these were hits but she
looks pretty pretty empty inside oh god
I love her
