um to the 50th episode of Bob comm
hopefully wrong intro welcome to the
50th episode of Bob calm when we talk
about the things that are blowing up on
the Internet sensitive the last episode
of 2014 and the 50th episode of bomb
calm I thought we would do a little
something special to pick off this
special episode here is a little shimmy
okay this week on mom comm we're going
to be counting down this year's top 7
YouTube moments bomb.com although the
show technically started last November
this has been the first full year the
show has run yay party emoji and if you
are one of the few who is still confused
about the show it happens on this
channel I am the host hide me Alexis
geez all and it takes place every single
Sunday now if that part is confusing to
you you may want to give rebeccablack a
call get your days of the week all
sorted out so so many youtubers release
books this year which I find super cool
it's really cool to me that so many
digital stars are writing and
encouraging their viewers to take part
in that ancient art called reading a few
of the youtubers who release books this
year are grace Helbig and hard
pointlessblog zoella and I'm sure a few
others a few other youtubers ounce plans
to release books including Joey Graceffa
Shane Dawson I don't think you've heard
of him mamrie Hart and Connor Franta who
speaking of no 5 it was a very busy year
for youtuber connor franta he left
supergroup collab channel our second
life and then also announced that hey I
am a dude who likes dudes so as you can
see it was a year of very big decisions
for the quiff master and I think that's
awesome cuz big decisions are difficult
so here is suck and on hand slap edge
called applause
poor fellow quit master Troye Sivan also
did some cool stuff this year including
releasing his debut EP TR XY e so I
thought I would do a super quick review
of the songs contained within the pillow
so I have my phone containing the music
here and we are going to review TR XY e
it's not how the alphabet goes play
tricks I
sorry I couldn't find your exciting
music play Trixie
play TRX ye album TRX way it worked we
do not give Siri enough credit she is
very smart this is an example of how not
to dance to songs like this
I ate the last cookie we're all I love
his EP it's so good and I have nothing
else to say so I'm gonna clap three
times and leave I lied my happy little
dill number three it will now turn our
attention to the bomb.com resident
beauty gurus sexy Lexi 12 for a very
very special announcement she wouldn't
even tell me what it was all she said
about it was was breaking ground which I
think she meant ground breaking and that
people need to hear about it
hey guys and sexy Lexi 12 here and today
we're gonna be talking about something
serious so basically what happened is
there was this big viral video the title
of that video was stop Kony 2012 and
basically the whole idea is there's this
thing called Kony but it needs to be
stopped
hashtag stop Kony 2012 and do that I
will stop the Kony I that's not that's
that's that's not nothing her to Sam
pepper who even is that you've probably
heard of him he's the guy who did the
pranks where he pinched people's asses I
have no idea who you're talking about
pepper did you mean salt and pepper no
no I meant Sam pepper that sounds like
the name of a person who's been almost
entirely discarded and forgotten by
YouTube and the YouTube community due to
his sick and disgusting actions both on
and off camera oh so you do know what
I'm talking about
nope never heard of him no one shane
dawson had created and released a parody
for taylor swift's song blank space
again i should specify not talking about
parking spaces a parody that he made
among
being hilarious was also very violent
and involved a girl's head being bashed
in with a dumbbell Sony didn't like that
so they decided to remove the parody on
the grounds of copyright which doesn't
even sense make because then they should
probably remove all of the other
parodies and that's not even cents make
because parodies are not under copyright
what so to show your support for the
stupendous Shane Dawson be sure click
the link in the description of this
video and tweet out the message thank
you for watching this bomb com yearly
wrap-up hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel and I've
never said this in an episode of on calm
before but thank you to all the people
that watch and enjoy and support this
show because that is why we make it I
will see you next year
Zog
