hey what's up guys welcome back to what
the fuck news my name is Destry in santa
claus fucking hates me I'm definitely on
the naughty list but instead of : my
stockings I get crocs significantly
worse than cold thanks Santa but this is
what the fuck news we talk about the
shit crazy news that you might have
missed in the last week it obviously the
biggest story in the news this week was
the news concerning Sony Sony's bidding
the news over this last month because a
major hacking took place that stole over
a hundred terabytes of personal data
from Sony including five movies some
that haven't even been released yet
personal email secrets about upcoming
projects in even sub personal
information from Sony employees theaters
have yet been identified but it has been
confirmed that North Korea was behind it
who had a huge problem with Sony
releasing the movie V interview which
was a movie about assassinating their
leader I wonder why they're still mad in
response to some of you hackers threats
to put the families of Sony in danger
they've all put a ban in the movies
Christmas release and are now just
allowing people to download and play it
online to retaliate against the hack
America has decided the best way to
fight cyber terrorism is to Photoshop a
picture of kim jeong-hoon with women's
makeup off you got him dude he's
probably so mad they might have stolen
personal information from hundreds of
people but leave we photoshopped their
leader into a woman so take that yeah I
do have to say he looks absolutely
magnificent them oh wow look at those
rosy cheeks my word in celebrity what
the fuck news Miley Cyrus has been in
the news yet again for Christmas
shopping for a whole bunch of really
nasty ass sex toys among some of these
gifts were sex cereal which is supposed
to make you horny here I guess nipple
suckers a life-size pair of boobs that
you drink beer out of and special sex
oil that enhances orgasm put the put the
fuck and what the fuck is a nipple
sucker does someone want to explain this
to me upon being asked about her
shopping choices she just joked that she
was a very generous gift giver to her
boyfriend Patrick Swartz inator
oh god I would hate to wake up next to
that thing every morning no not hands
Miley hey honey
morning aah oh my god what are you doing
you haven't had your stats cereal well
you guys know the drill here with me
today is Miley's father Billy Ray Cyrus
and Billy how are you feeling about
Miley's choices sex cereal what okay
in some viral video what the fuck news a
video and viral of a couple of British
kids opening up Christmas presents that
turned out to be fruit rather than what
they actually wanted any Christmas yeah
well coz you've been really good I'm
gonna let you open one Christmas present
early there's a present for you and
Louie there's an early present for you
oh god that is just adorable
Oh British kids you can just never be
mad at a British kid American kid comes
in is like I just peed my pants dad what
the fuck gross don't change that's
disgusting British kids like I just went
wee wee and me trousers daddy oh my god
British kid I could never be mad at you
but just something about their accent
makes this video so much better oppa
Nonna and finally in some TV and movie
news bunch of new news about TV shows
has come out in the last week including
the teaser for the Breaking Bad spinoff
better call Saul which comes out in
February in a new teaser for the fifth
season of Game of Thrones has come out
which I'm totes excited for I really
hope there's some more hot Lannisters
sister on brother action I am just
kidding that was awful and then finally
the announcement that Tim Burton has
confirmed that there's going to be a
Beetlejuice sequel holy fuck yes so
those of you who are not born in the 80s
or 90s Betelgeuse is just a really good
movie one of Tim Burton's earliest and
best works ever Michael Keaton has been
recast as beetlejuice of course being
the only person in my opinion that could
pull off that crazy character and then
Winona Ryder has also been confirmed to
be recast as her character in
beetlejuice which is also fucking
awesome
it's show time anyways though that's a
bit what the fuck news and then wish
another day for you guys is what do you
personally think should have been done
about the Sony hacking should they
release the movie anyways despite all
the threats should they have just
stopped the movie altogether seeing as
how North Korea considered it an act of
war let me know in the comments down
below and if you don't have an opinion
about that let me know what you think
about teddy bears I love teddy bears all
the today's stories as always in the
description down below as well as all of
my links this morning guys go make sure
to check out my two newest videos one on
my personal channel about how to get a
gift for someone don't be that one
person that's like you mentioned you
like this once when you were 12 so now
I'm making it for you every fucking year
and the other on my main channel about
why I fucking hate dollar stores but I
don't even know what dollar stores are
even around is anyone gonna go spend a
dollar on a bouncy ball with a fucking
scorpion in it sorry guys can't go
clubbing tonight I gotta go buy a glow
in the dark spider I'm really sorry
I think so guys I will see you next week
for another one of fuck news and
Fairwinds
