oh shit look what I got a really crazy
face hey Emma Trisha Paytas camera oh my
god I look orange it really is a Trisha
Paytas camera hey guys
yes I'm trying out a new camera today
for vlogging now listen before we all go
crazy in the comments and say Shane I
hate it Shane it's making me dizzy I'm
getting nauseous I'm gonna throw up
well calm down okay now I'm gonna throw
up yes I know this is a new thing okay I
get it and I might not vlog with it all
the time and I wanted to try it out
because it sounded fun and because
Trisha has one and I wanted to be just
like also I like the fact that it makes
my head look really big and it makes my
body look really skinny
it's like face tune in camera form look
at my big natural anime eyes though
hashtag no filter I check I'm lying okay
that's not a booger
that's not a booger it's a piece of lint
just letting everybody know that's a
piece of lint okay yeah it's definitely
lint
anyways hey what's up you guys yes I am
getting ready to go out hang out with
some people today that sounded
suspicious you know just some people you
don't know about no I'm gonna hang out
some friends and I got all my Christmas
shit going on here this has been my
Christmas
fucking wrapping destination this
motherfucking table I got friends family
girlfriend all of you so this is the
first year of actually like bought
presents usually I'm really busy so I
just give everybody gift cards and I
just make it rain with Target cards oh
but this year I had a couple days off
and I was like you know what I'm gonna
go to the mall you know what that was
fucking terrible but I did end up
getting a lot of cool stuff since this
is gonna probably go up after they get
it I guess I could show you so for my
friend Pam who you know she loves the
word fuck she also loves weed so
obviously I got her the fuck button and
I got her Snoop Dogg mad libs
perfect
she's gonna love that from my friend
Kate because she's Asian I got her sushi
socks and because she is a drug addict I
got her baking bad you can make baking
goods out of meth I think I'm thinking
she's not on drugs
although girl you seen some of her
videos you'd be like she owned drugs and
then you'd be like Diaz she is and then
over here so I got my mom a few CDs
because she doesn't really have any
music she literally just listens to
super love and this crisp
life on a loop which by the way those
are my songs get them on iTunes now but
I thought she needed to kind of catch up
with the times so I got her Britney CD
featuring her hit single yikes
none of these were hits but she looks
pretty pretty empty inside oh god I love
her I also got her Lady Gaga and that
old man CD because I feel like my mom
loves Lady Gaga and she also loves old
men so put him together sounds good
cheek to cheek that's what I call him
when I make an okay I also got my mom
something kind of ridiculously expensive
she's never here's the thing my mom has
never really treated herself she doesn't
really get expensive things she doesn't
haven't like a designer purse she
doesn't have any of that so I went to
fucking Tiffany's and I got her fucking
necklace with a cross on it and it was
really fucking expensive and when the
woman brought it out I said oh this is
for my mom she goes oh you need to treat
your mother well and I said okay calm
down I don't beat her I'm a slap around
a little bit but she likes it
so I was like alright well show me the
crosses she loves Jesus let me see what
you got and she pulled out this little
tiny cross it was really really cute
like really simple and I was like oh
okay I was expecting a couple hundred
bucks or whatever and I'm like great put
it on my card um and then the bill came
out hey girl
Jesus ain't worth that much okay okay
even Jesus was a girl or I'm not bad
expensive but you know it was worth it
because it's gonna be the first nice
piece of jewellery I think my mom's ever
owned so I'm excited to give to her so
maybe I'll film a reaction I don't know
the thing is she doesn't know anything
about jewelry so she'll probably just be
like thanks and I'll be like no girl
check the receipt haha check email what
else did I get I got my brother so Jared
you guys got my brother I got him
fucking the stupidest shit because me
and him just like stupid shit I got him
a helicopter well not like hold on you
hear does that ya know that was not as
expensive as the necklace now I'm
kidding I got him one of those
remote-control helicopters cuz he's
always wanted one I've always wanted one
I'm like let's fucking get one I play it
and then I got my other brother some
headphones and I got Lisa it's our
anniversary this weekend so it's like
anniversary / Christmas so I got I went
to Tiffany's for her too and I got her
really nice little something-something
an engagement ring I'm kidding I just
wanted to start the rumors I know I got
her something nice so yeah then there's
all my trash it's been an eventful day
no wonder Trish's vlogs are so long with
these things you could just fucking keep
going and going and going and going and
going good until you throw up whoo hey
we're
iving and I'm definitely not listening
to Sean Kingston I don't know what
you're talking about
the traffic city
so didn't he die I'm pretty sure he died
didn't he like crash a jet ski into a
big tub of butter I might have made that
out um yes I'm driving right now getting
on the freeway got my presents you can
see everything with this camera it's
amazing you can see the presents you can
see outside you can see my chins
you can see this illegal turn I just
made oh god I love technology guess is
here what's up motherfuckers wait did
you see what you look like in the camera
you're in a fishbowl bitchin emo I found
her um so Pam got us gifts with one
direction rapping on it Pam why don't
you show them one of the presents that I
got you preferably on the Channing Tatum
sure all right here are you excited to
win huh yes what's your favorite picture
of him I don't fucking know that's too
fucking many that one are you gonna wear
that sure with no pants no what the fuck
to bed no I wear pants to bed all right
your pants to bed well sweats you know
Swiss mm-hmm my zebra sweats right here
mmm well so Pam got me picture of me and
Mike McQueen grandma like we slay the
original Queen who is higher queen she's
fun she's the queen I'm also wearing
some kind of a helmet it's not too good
we're gonna finish up any presents and
then
yeah that's it's like we I would just
like you guys to see how many animals
are in this one small room one two three
it's one something my leg it sits inside
my ass right now I know there's a lot in
there get in there
I only get in there for five and now it
might be are you an animal in there yeah
and then another cat a lot going on yeah
what are you excited about for Christmas
being with family being with together
again haha okay what are you actually
excited for how are you gonna get me
shaped at once I know you want to be a
YouTube star
well you're loud and annoying and that's
what most YouTube star so do it
Jeff any Talent no perfect a million
subscribers ha hi guys yes it's the end
of the night I'm driving home it was a
really fun day we uh open some presents
eat some food we went and looked at
Christmas lights it was a gay old time
so since this video is probably gonna go
up after Christmas how was your guys's
Christmas let me know down the comments
what you get and if you didn't get
anything what was your favorite part
when I was a kid we didn't really have
presents I mean we're really poor so
sometimes we'd have a couple things but
usually we wouldn't I remember one year
in particular I got we we got each other
like groceries kind of I just remember
wrapping a Pringles container and a bag
of M&Ms for my brother
but the sad part is I remember him being
really excited about it so listen even
if you don't have much money you can
still have a fun Christmas so remember
that although Christmas is probably over
by the time you're watching this so I
hope you have fun alright you guys hope
you have fun day with me I'm fighting
with you hope you like this will follow
around vlog and I hope you like this new
little Bowl little camera situation I
don't know if you hate it I'll never use
it again but I like it alright I'm gonna
stop defending my camera alright goodbye
nothing guys
I have 10 videos that none of you guys
have ever seen so I thought today I
would upload all of them unlisted so if
you click on the playlist right here or
down in the description you can watch
all 10 videos
