guys we just did a podcast with the
queen of slime Karina Garcia and also
drew go into a bucket of slime hey guys
yes I am ready to be dragged across the
internet once again now a couple of
weeks ago I did a video where I let you
guys Photoshop me into whatever you
wanted and it was me but you guys wanted
a part too and I love pain so I decided
to give it to you but just to take it up
a notch I decided to add some new
pictures in the mix for you guys to
destroy so first I have a picture of me
laughing at something on a phone and
then a picture of a phone in my hand
then I'm a fake conspiracy thumbnail and
you guys get it put whatever Inspira see
a lot and last but not least I have a
picture of Rylan back that's gonna get
just on alright here we go time to watch
me slowly die and laugh about it
okay so here's the picture of me
laughing at my phone and I'm looking at
a text from my mom mrs. no one loves you
who accurate all right here's another
one me looking at my phone and it says
no notification a little bit of laughing
about the no notifications like oh my
loneliness is funny
okay here's a conspiracy one what
happened oh can you just
sue Minter that old picture of me really
quick daya that's crazy
for those of you who might be new here I
used to be even more the woman all right
here's another conspiracy one am I
actually that guy from Shrek how many
times twice to say I am NOT rubble still
skinny I am Fiona
stop getting it twisted these spot the
difference games are getting hard why do
I look like so many people from Shrek
you know what the real key is though I
look more like oh la big round my cold
body how come nobody ever compares me to
him ah I wish I could know Shane tried
to fuck me what that is not true it was
twice I'm kidding PETA don't take away
my cat although he would love that this
is how much I opened my mouth to suck
Shane's tiny dick I'm gonna zoom in on
how small of a gap there is uh once
again accurate I can't go home because I
never leave my house that's true let me
think about the last time I left my
house just going outside and digging a
sheet cake out of the trash can
alright I'm laughing at my phone and I'm
looking at the wrong tomato star of my
movie not cool that one hurts what the
gag really is if you guys don't know
keke palmer then you're probably not
gonna get this one but that is good but
what is the gag are you serious right in
front of myself I don't understand that
mean what does that mean what's a salad
oh my god oh that is a cute family too
bad you're stuck with me
what is that a but first me know about
to backpack my glutes that big backpack
with wheels like the kid in school who
everybody pushes yeah the one that he
carries Michael one that so big even the
teacher gets annoyed and she's like
there ain't no room that's me
alright I'm looking at my phone and I
see a text from cheeto this has send me
back to the fucking shelter the fun
Chino texting is terrifying oh my god
cheeto exposing me that's too real oh
why does Donald Trump's body and hair
look so real on me what is he holding up
hey what's up you guys
yes me about the president hey what's up
you guys yes another terrorist attack uh
obviously I'd be a good president
everybody gets about purse damnit he'll
get green cards you could legally marry
a bottle of ranch bitch welcome to
United States brush your teeth shade
don't give him that idea he will make a
sign stop telling me I look like shade
oz I just imagined like an alternate
universe where the guy from Shrek is
like I know I look like the guy chokes
on food on the internet oh oh my god she
go in the background but wow those are
my legs but they do not look like that
why would she have big eyes legs it's
sexy but when I have to cast legs people
think I look like a stress ball makes
please prom I'd rather go with Dan and
Phil they're even dragging pictures I
didn't tell them they could drive all
right I'm looking at my phone and I get
a DM from Phil that says can you please
stop mentioning us in videos it's kind
of scary and weird Thanks that honestly
if I look like my dad's I'm sure I see
that but Phil if you're watching this
you're not I just want to say it's out
of love and that's a lie it's out of
jealousy I will find you alright I'm
looking at my phone and I'm
Hilary Duff's funniest moments that's
the gayest thing ever so I'll be
watching that later literally gave up on
life that needs to be a shirt that needs
to be a huge tattoo on my body
Shane's dying but his face he's like I
think I'm excited about it but like then
do I have to take care of the animal and
what am I gonna do with the body
cuz it's a lot okay laughing at my phone
and there's Teletubbies on my shoulder
and I'm looking at how to remove
Teletubbies from body what
that one's a lot but it's also like oh
sure
Shane Dawson is actually little Makayla
that is so funny literally I've had two
people asked me if I was a little
Makayla I was hanging out Russia other
day and she goes okay just tell me the
truth I won't tell anybody
are you mom Makayla but even people in
my real life think so isn't it crazy
alright so now it's time to look at the
ones of Rylands back I think we should
look at them with Ryland mainly because
he doesn't know I did this and he's
gonna be pissed
ant a couple goals oh all right you
ready to get dragged oh yeah okay so I
posted a picture of your naked back on
Twitter you're so nice and everybody
called me out because they said it
looked like a face to know you're okay
let's look at that first one actually I
find that that is bisexual girl
if my video isn't half as good as that
me when I'm Ariana Grande
oh this one's our twofer so it's me
looking my phone and mine is not that
far off I'm thinking about food
oh my god it's filling up your Chi Lupo
with my volcano sauce come home this is
rude oh my gosh because you smoothed my
back they assume that I have bacne by
the way that's everything that would
literally give me eight hours of
entertainment I can't if I have that
much acne on my back I'd have to break
up with Shane ah you couldn't never get
away from me I would be bugging you and
then I would stop and be like wait sorry
hold on and then game over
I think pimples over real Taco Bell oh
my god you're right
food isn't my ultimate dream bro whoo
okay when I'm a badass
that's a nice Punk edit there really it
is wow that looks real except there's a
naked girl that should be a boy well no
that's for me it's my body but I'm
fucking it so you want to look at a
naked girl oh you're fucking me stop
raising my oh my god that's like a
memorial I can't
I'm tell me the ho oh my god I'm waking
you
are you in yet maybe by the way not true
the first time we did it we had to stop
hurry
well we used no loo give me that it hurt
I'm all about some tasteful hair just
not on the back I got into the chest fur
what that's me
you're not that furry you have a little
bit on your neck but it's not like your
whole back is this if your back was that
we would go get it waxed together and I
film it for you thank you when you're
thinking about my body and my hot tub no
no this is more so scary for you that's
horrifying
are also excited for the banana why do
you hate them cuz I am oh my god me when
I love Dan and Phil have you even ever
seen a video there no it's better my
to-do list because so many people tweet
at us like butt about them oh wow that's
if your back was in here
they also made me 30 pounds heavier you
look good though
small head a big as a five I gotta go
huh what is that D frog wait really
I don't know it's like the girl version
that actually looks like you that's like
literally you I don't have tits would
you get titties for me I'm actually
leaving now well I know hopefully you
enjoyed watching me watch my life
flashed before my eyes
and watch all my insecurities be slowly
pointed out by you if you want me to do
a part three of this dear god I don't
know if I can but I will if you give me
a thumbs up my voice just cracked that's
how nervous I am also make sure to
subscribe to my channel and hit the
notification bell because I make new
videos every single day and if you want
to see my last photoshopping video I'll
put a link by the top description
alright you guys I will see you assholes
tomorrow
