ah hey what's up you guys Merry
Christmas Happy Hanukkah happy Kwanzaa
if you're atheist well good for you
because honestly this world is terrible
I can't believe we believe in anything
you know what I mean like every day that
goes by all I want to do is die mmm
gingerbread sounds great right now yeah
those are the guys yes I thought today
would be fun if I gave you a present
considering most of you guys probably
got a bunch of presents you didn't like
and you can't return them because that's
rude even though you've told your mom a
million times that your size of Spanx is
medium not large
fuck you mom anyways I thought it would
be fun if I gave you guys a little
something so here's a secret that you
guys don't know I actually have a whole
shit ton of videos that I've never
posted not because they're bad or
anything but because I'll make a video
and then I'll put it on my you know my
computer and then sometimes I just never
get to it or sometimes I'll think of
something else and I want to do that I
have 10 videos that none of you guys
have ever seen so I thought today I
would upload all of them unlisted so if
you click on the playlist right here or
down in the description you can watch
all 10 videos there is some follow me
around vlogs there is I think a couple
collabs there is some ask Shane's back
when I was wearing my wig there's a
bunch of really funny cool stuff and I
thought you guys could enjoy your little
Christmas sitting in your room hiding
from your family eating whipped cream
out of a can and watching some
never-before-seen vlogs so enjoy the
blogs have a good holiday fucking love
you guys I hope you have the best
holiday ever and question of the day
what's your new year's resolution I
don't really make them ever but I'm
going to try to make one this year and
my New Year's resolution is to make some
more videos on my main channel and make
some videos that I really really love so
that's mine bye guys hope you have fun
night with me I'd finally go people and
I will see you in two seconds when you
click on that playlist and watch 10 more
of my videos if you want you're probably
going to get bored after 2 and I don't
blame you but you can't return them I'm
sorry you're gonna have to wear those
extra large Spanx with me thank you guys
see you later
