yeah I didn't get anything remember
you're dumb yes it's Christmas Eve it's
almost Christmas kiss it davia house I
don't know what I'm doing are no races
love to myself what a wonderful world
that's actually really good like it was
really beautiful actually
well exam video bye yeah we're gonna be
doing a two-part hey candy haul because
it's Christmas even you guys deserve a
present and we're too cheap to buy
anything so he's gonna watch us eat food
is that money when you ever say that
like women hey guys I just put on a book
for $13.99 my present to you hey guys do
you know my new movie songbook purse
lines in lime and candy light is
available now I present dude here
welcome don't hit don't return it yeah
first things first have a cracker oh I'm
also chocolate-covered graduate on it so
here comes the apology video okay so
this is a rick carpeted chocolate I've
never had this is very interested if
you're blue and you don't know where to
go why don't you go where chocolate sits
on the Richard I'm excited about this
me too actually I love these that are
salt and sauce yeah I'm living
oh oh shit oh my god yeah Oh mmm
ha ha ah ha ha ha looking for that penis
though you're a sex probably no that's
amazing on the back they have my recipes
syndra's oh oh they have nutritional
facts let's now look at that oh those
are delicious it's salty and savory it's
sweet it's rich it's delicious it's
everything I got Shane's favorite thing
peppermint bark a party I know you love
peppermint I would rather eat an aborted
fetus which by the way tastes a little
ya know that you can eat it yeah I put a
little ranch dressing on it all right
here
from nasty-ass peppermint bark pick up
the wrapper oh I'd rather eat it with
rapper I'd rather have protection
against his flavor oh my god you're such
a bah humbugs weren't Scrooge over here
obviously like who fell hurry up mmm so
good oh hey how much my feelings gross
but you know what they do have that in
love oh it's crazy rapping I can make
tea mmm oh girl that's a look that's a
look I know her
she works at Ralph's have a nice shift
she gone to her trailer park I know her
oh don't choke and die what's that Oh
fans called he's fishes little baby
fishies and they're supposedly taste
like holiday cupcakes Oh living oh okay
why it started good and then it turned
into a fart smeller Oh what do you see
how oh please a cheese with it - so it's
like a cold fish shudder crackers I
don't know actually try mmm
yeah I think of graham crackers whole
grain so it's healthy don't know about
that it's not that exciting
I don't know why it's a bull fish but
the voltages are cheddar flavor why is
these are they're rebranding themselves
oh my idea her cheese cookies and cream
oh you love it
oh I want that little nut cracker in my
mouth Oh oh I love it so this is my
favorite candy bar ever know I ever
cream ever
oh yeah open it now oh look at the back
of it oh look at our bonus on all the
bumps and lumps living for the photo mom
oh shit I'm gonna mazing oh oh my god
it's so good I'm so good I break them oh
fuck this is so good that if you like
pooed on it I'd eat it looked like
dropped in the gutter I'd be like and
then eat it
really AHA or if you like shoved it your
second grade teachers pussy I take it
out and I was what was the whole time
inappropriate change all right too much
I don't know about you but yeah I do
was that it that's so true except for
I'm feeling 38 and a half right
I mean that the old I really yeah these
are rum flavored chocolates something oh
I've never had rum last time we tried
beer for the first time that was
exciting I got wasted that was dress
away you're just trying to go down this
dark road honestly I'm trying to rebrand
myself just like those fishes no no I
like all candy that was like literally
the worst pain ever tasted my life oh I
can't be an alcoholic I thought I could
I can't I have enough problems but I
can't deal with taste you're failing at
life all right what's next so I got
these and they don't my favorite Oh
bitch you love them oh she's bringing
cookies back yup even feelings challenge
oh my god mm-hmm neither make neighbour
anything in the whole world
Oh what's this sensation happening right
now momma's thighs when we cuddle on the
couch and watch MTV Cribs Oh Theresa
though nothing just what life could be
one day I am it just so-so bitch this is
mallanna which I'm not a big fan of but
these are filming Boston cream hi oh
very honestly cream pie me up oh my god
Oh like this is not what the picture
this is like a selfie before and after
like this is what I really look it is on
a big room Oh trash my name is Trish Lee
very much where do you want to start
well go through these fast this is
disgusting it's cotton candy but it's
peppermint flavored I don't know why I
fucking bought it I think that doesn't
even look good it looks like it's like
frozen under the face move into the
video thumbnail watch me face you that I
was going to I punched a guy in a face
before not gonna lie I'll do it again
move it
you don't want to come on these are
gingerbread Twix oh let me do the
gingerbread living for the gingerbread
family ball
you literally didn't eat onion oh there
it is mmm take a hint of gingerbread
oh you know what it is you know like at
midnight when you break down your
gingerbread house and you eat the entire
thing without your family knowing and
then when you wake up in the morning you
say I don't know the dog eater they say
we don't have a dog than you cries I'm
so real bad for you
yeah it's like that flavor sadness
there's like a tear in it okay these are
growth to your M&MS peppermint I'm
throwing this away for summers like
pepperoni I got my peppermint things
well I didn't know how much I didn't
like it until today oh let me see that
roll I mean I just eat Bettany tootsie
roll Aki Aki nah my feelings today what
is that song blow in there Abraham
living for her all right these are
called Mickey's which is extremely
offensive
Oh people do have a midget face oh it's
good all-purpose Sydney put that low
migi in that low man Mickey
these are very underrated oh I hate not
controls mrs. run militancy well I'm
over and look how fat they became at
this weight yeah we were Jonathan
they'll call any baby penises my name is
Barnes
I love low-budget baby penises dad my
favorite this is a black Santa 3d member
we adopted him I got him because I
wanted everybody to know that I'm not
racist even though everybody still
thinks I am I don't even want to eat him
because then people can be like you're
racist could you ate a black Santa it
would be racist not to eat it
you're right I'm easily persuaded oh
that anyone sounds good to eat oh he's
good you're obviously apology videos
black dick in me I'm JJ oh you guys have
butter your buzz go over to Trish's
channel subscribe we did a video what do
we do oh we did the second part of this
Kitty Hawk and don't even get me started
on how excited I got for something over
there you gonna want check that out hope
you got the funding and everybody with
you and I will see you tomorrow Merry
Christmas bye let me play tit oh my god
