I mean I'm Gordon Ramsay did he talk
about the treats right he's a goddamn
delight I'll put it that in my oven any
day yeah I'll take my ass Yeah right as
much as he talks about donkeys girl Oh
motherfucker come on hey hey I'll put
this away guys I'm here with a Mogambo
oh you guys know her she's been in my
videos before she's one of my good
friends and she's also one of the best
cooks I know ah thank you
how many cooks do you know not you I'm
the best and the worst them no I would
be the worst which is what today is all
about so I thought it would be fun if we
did a little challenge so I got all of
these ingredients that remind me of the
holidays and we have to make we both get
like 10 minutes okay to make a dish
competition in the competition and we
have to use every single ingredient oh
my gosh this is like chopped I've never
seen sure oh my gosh this seems like
chopped no it's mom okay ready
I've always wanted to be on a game show
and I've never been on one they feel
like I'm on Shane's game show right now
Oh gaming with Shane Shane now it is
chopped and with people getting food
poisoning and/or diarrhea no but maybe
that's like after you stop watching this
well that's what's gonna happen okay oh
yeah we'll start simple I should be
juice cleansing hotdog bun
okay um this reminds me of my mom don't
ask thick and white blueberries Oh
antioxidants antioxidants they also
remind me of my testicle how many do you
have too many baby Castle too many sushi
Oh yummy oh it's that time if it's
something gas station yeah oh my god the
rice is so hard and this reminds me of I
don't know I have no Asian people my
family so that's the food poisoning
element Oh dish speaking of fish fish
food this is Ben and Jerry's
saalu it's melting oh you left it out
this entire time oh my god it's soup
it's fish - it's a fish which also
reminds me of my mom I got an onion this
reminds me of all the tears that are
shed on that on Christmas Day just got
real
in here that you just ruby brothers with
you gobo I want a little flavor just to
sit around you know me like I want to
like eat something but then have
something left in my mouth do you want
thank you to see a doctor
lots of reduced fat milk you like milk
can we switch it for no now if you love
milk you're also gonna love Mayo please
- this reminds me once again of my ball
got some hot Simoes this it's the best
you go Monza okay come on both low
sodium fishy Network we're trying to
make something crazy we're not crazy
are you cuckoo cuz I sure AM cuckoo for
cocoa puffs this is my favorite way to
get diabetes and or obese I've never had
cocoa puffs you haven't well I'm sure
you've had sweet relish woman you ever
live merrily and I'm going to die now -
you know what else is really good those
are really good I was lying
seaweed fucking mouth she see I don't
know there's seaweed paper is there
delicious and this good Swiss iodine can
you smoke them you could maybe well then
let's do that now good luck with the
beef jerky I don't know what you're
gonna do with that but there is 13 grams
of protein so no I don't you're thinking
there's a lot of high-calorie things
here but don't worry we got some
sunflower seeds oh great which is gonna
burn some calories with all the chewy
you know lots of chewing who put
chocolate my peanut butter Reese's did
this is a raisin photo come I'll just
put that on the Mayo now I don't know
about you but when I have my gravy I
like it extra savory at cuz your beefy
puzzle argument McComb Kompas and what's
your name again Amy I didn't know you
made salsa Amy well I make really good
salsa oh there's a hair on it
fiber Oh delicious one more bag oh my
gosh what the best thing to do is when
you wake up in the morning what trying
to get your erection into the toilet -
Pete you know if the second-best thing
is a pop-tart brown sugar I like my
pop-tarts like I like my women bad for
me full of cholesterol so true you know
what else I like hot cheetos flaming
this reminds me of never mind even that
was true cross for me
but involved in period and involved oh
gosh did you steal all this from a food
baby this is my betta channel like my
grandma I love her so much and I miss
her I used to love thank you
that is a grandmother food I've realized
grandma loved her figgy figs I did not
but we're gonna put them in there
because I love her I think I'm gonna dip
them in my mayonnaise you know who's
spicy this time of year Aunt Jemima
she's always cooking up something crazy
mushy but today she's gonna have her
work cut out for her keep it aunt your
mind I can't save us and last but not
least oh I just thought it would be nice
to bring in a variety pack of doughnuts
this honestly just looks like a typical
Saturday for me both your plate yes
Kassem super going off it's going down
I'm taking my hands off we have these
two bowls you do - vomits oh I love it
yeah I watch a lot of chops so I'm
already figuring out what I'm doing go
all I want to do is eat it off now I'm
gonna start with a bun - are we judged
on like three different things like
taste presentation top of that no no I
know what I'm doing every ingredient I'm
sticky already I like how you're saying
you and mine looks like tires now I like
to soak my hotdog bun at Ben & Jerry's
I'm really good of a french toast to
situation I good yeah which looks to be
steppin stick oh man yes I like that you
think yours is all gonna fit in one
it is going to baby now how much man I
should use a little bit more like a
serving if you like it then you
should've put a doughnut in it
yeah but some of that soup oh I think
chocolate-covered Cheetos would be
delicious I'm not kidding I'm going to
be really good girl I lost all fake baby
mama's gonna do a little sushi in there
but I'm gonna break it up I don't want
it to be disgusting
we have any wasabi I'm putting a people
in varies for color you know what I'm
actually gonna do I want the essence I'm
just gonna take some of that peel Oh
yummy and maybe make like a sushi wrap
with this white my hot dog please okay
there's alcohol no I mean I'm you're
like put spikes sticking up that's when
I forgot alcohol yeah it's not my family
Christmas Eve on bed I can't open my
pickles this dishes are gonna make any
sense without the pickles it's destroyed
there we go
achoo oh all right now the fig should
not be good ingredients squish out the
thing just I get all of the flavors
melded and how could I forget
don't forget the pop-tart I'm gonna put
these in it kind of almost like a bread
at the same way gosh so far guys this is
what it's looking like so disgusting I
can't forget the blueberries we're gonna
need some of these antioxidants or as I
should I say oopsie accident
cuz that's gonna help you eat all right
now I'm making up for a mall pop-tart
now yours isn't look too bad but you're
only through like a quarter being I'm
not no you're nice I am
the mini gumballs 500 Stefan milk there
we go
oh look like a clown throw up in that
whoever put more sugar lips
Tallulah is the key to my heart you know
the key to my heart is beef jerky
baby yeah let's see if your mom is a
squirter oh I think I'm good
oh no I need some salsa now I know
you're thinking Oh shame you're just
mixing everything up in a big bowl
you're right throw a little twist on the
end that you're not gonna expect oh I
can't act like this is aggressive he
wants the girls to see it is oh you know
what happens when you smell this I don't
want to know everything goes in your
mouth your nose at once
mine is kind of pretty mine is it ready
yet okay I need to put on a boy let me
plate it oh my god I call this Feliz
Navidad now there's multiple ways to eat
this there are no easy you can just hang
on to my hands or you can use one of the
pop-tarts as chip almost as if it's a
nut show now if you just scoop all I
mean if you just scoop mmm
some of the Christmas gumbo onto the
octopus why is there a pencil in it
oh it's Jesus you know so that's mine
what is your supply kind looks like this
it's Dustin with pop-tarts and it's got
seaweed spikes and it's been infused
with some Cholula and soy sauce on a bed
of a untoasted hotdog bun I mean listen
we can't really fairly decide whose
looks better but I mean you guys be the
judge
hi oh my gosh I mean idea points for a
thickness I didn't pick terrific you're
disqualified ah now I get it
Jackson Pollock painting all right now
we have to try them yes we do I tried
your favorite oh my god delicious even
told me that I want to put everything on
it and it is a nice it's very day to you
Cheers
oh you got to get more than that you
need a spoon one two three oh I don't I
can't I cannot I cannot I cannot G not
gonna hangovers leg Oh what did I do
no weapon I'm gonna be honest
ash I'm real talk yours was gross the
consistency of yours just made me feel
like I was about to explode it's as if
somebody ate yours and then vomited
yours up and it became mine there you
guys go
question of the day whose do you think
look more appetizing also make sure to
go over to her channel subscribe and
check it out we did a video over there
where we made jizz it's very very
exciting was the last remnants of the
egg nog and it was super tasty I can't
believe you're gonna drink anything it's
the same color as my father Oh God I'll
be a bunny oh that's me funny with you
also you know be fun for another
question that they leave another
ingredient that we should use next time
gosh but Google hopped it with next time
I think I'm really gonna try I tried
this time to do the first start yeah
next time we use heat and flames and
fire edit torch fucking this vomit
everything alright oh you're wasted
yay I got a deer oh my god I'm gonna be
an alcoholic Oh gateway drugs now let
the champagne marshmallows Oracle Edo I
want all of them you love it I will heal
my pain mm-hmm just take it down take it
down
