why are you just like Trevor Murasaki
echo video here's the latest actually as
if you guys I'm gonna start this video
off by telling myself off because I have
a sweaty mess there's no candy even like
a hard-on for it I have had so much
excitement tonight situation I'm Italian
today I thought you know this is this is
Trish training miss mmm slashing Trish
miss we could do something different
leading up until the big fucking epic
Christmas candy haul but I think we
should put up like the data for cos I
mean yeah like our gift to you
how are you prevent that our gift to you
watch us easy so today it would be fun
if we did either
you sound girls procession amazing
cities your jelly beans but there are
holiday flavors there's eggnog candy
cane pumpkin pie cranberry sauce yeah I
think those other random ones mixed in
there and then I also have these these
are dum-dums a fucking whoa ooh a bunch
of weird holiday flavors including polar
punch which isn't really holidays polar
pun a green apple grape polar punch oh
that's what my mom used to drink on
Christmas - forget her problem Oh living
for the alcoholics I am NOT gonna lie
living for myself living Buddha
challenge I've never done one of these
and I'm so happy
no I'm not gonna be able to share you
girl a youtuber come on like I'll be
keepin trying to say that girl try to
say chubby bunny be able to do it bro
try to swallow me down like this lemon
challenge a go this one is it pumpkin
spice pumpkin spice oh and now that bad
you don't like it oh no that's not
pumpkin pie I've had a whole pumpkin pie
before when I was a kid I used to
literally I would like to sneak in the
middle tonight and like cut open a big
piece of pumpkin pie and yeah just eat
it like a slice to be done and then my
mom in the back she's like Shane we need
room in the fridge for leftovers or just
like hand me a pie oh that's so sweet I
kinda like cruelty to children too as
I'm making it sound like so bad I'd be
the key she loves it
okay eggnog okay eggnog he's one of my
favorite flavors so if they fuck this up
I'm gonna trust Jelly Belly them I mean
I love it mm-hmm
eggnog could easily go into the
toothpaste territory and this is walking
the line of toothpaste
Glen I don't know how to feel your
mother I think we're supposed to get the
flavors okay then this second will be
against like it's totally like randomly
stick your hand in there and like eat a
hot potato
is that cranberry I don't think so
there's like mystery ones in here I mean
any mystery like this one
like that's puke your way okay I'm gonna
try this one
mmm oh oh oh that was candy cane kids
literally how much you a candy cane to
Alta Dena girl get in my throat oh my
gosh honey the olden days Oh oh my god
oh my god I gave my candy cane flavor so
funny money you're like Grinch
I'm gonna hate your ass oh that's good
I'm living for us all right I really
want to try hot cocoa mmm a stripper
name really nah wifey hot cocoa was not
mr. Brue name it was ten because I was
from Tennessee so they thought I was
like mixed and like black and Alyssa
wasn't Hershey's oh you don't like the
Hershey squirts oh that's my move I just
pull up on the paul and just work
versus work yeah thank you though you
know that means diarrhea right no what's
weird of her she's work is good no okay
whatever I'm down I'm into it
I hate that you ain't like I would
rather eat a Hershey's we're moving on
to these dumb dumb what'd you call me
I was making a joke I really funny Ames
oh honey I'm captain turbot sticker in
there shows me and then okay and then
I'm gonna wait I'm gonna show you this
do it
Wow some green apple love it I'll take
anything
Oh milk and milk and yeah eyelash milk
let somebody left out in the frizz free
kidding he loves it honestly now you
said sugar cookie I'm into it
stay classy all right get in there
actually I'm gonna give you one of the
how are you try it okay thank you hmm
and then case to it it doesn't cause
it's my least favorite taste in the
entire world
oh my gosh no I love butter stuff oh
dear whoa what is that what is wrong
with your taste buds
oh really medicine it tastes like
omekata no I love you Josh it's apple
cider not letter I love episode I see
one more day
oh this one's a mystery mmm raspberry
polar punch it's polar boy oh wait a
minute we have a secret jelly
what is that this is beer flavored no
yeah let me for it I never had beer
before in butter beer in a home one time
the Harry Potter Oh fun appears the shit
is good I don't know what beer tastes
like but I'm guessing it tastes like bad
choices and family issues I'm a true
letting for I love the beer tank I'm
really do these are glittery
all right oh you're wasted yay hi
llegar√°
oh my god I met me an alcoholic Oh
gateway drugs now let the champagne
marshmallows are its lead oh I want all
of them you love it I'll heal my pain
mm-hmm take it down take it down
now dial again in a khole mmm-hmm and
overdose you love it you look at your
and I know you're like you're any rare
like Joe I don't even remember my
problems my guys got weird whatever the
fuck that was go virgin Jane I'll check
it out subscribe
Oh what are we doing over there I don't
know we're doing that shit oh you see
hey guys box bitch I'm not gonna tell
you what it is but there's a big ice
bucket over there too far oh boy oh
sorry I'm trying to get my yeah I know
it's great
wait what Oh God it's great Oh drunk
drunk I'm so i guys we're like always on
the pill we don't want to be pregnant lo
I'm pregnant you're pregnant oh my god
this you're coming up video this is your
pregnancy video oh my god you had to put
the take that out
I'll take it out don't worry about ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha
