welcome to bomb.com we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
Internet there can be fun in the summer
you have slip and slide which are a
quality good time for all there's also
the type of slip that you were
underneath a stylish dress for a night
on the town but there is also the bat
kind of slip you may slip up and say one
thing when you meant to be saying
another oh yeah yeah you totally know
what I'm talking about North Korea I
mean Merry Christmas
you may even slip on a banana peel and
then you're just a walking cliche and
then there is a slip that you were kind
of always expecting the Nicki Minaj nip
slip or the N MNS for short many tweets
were discussing the irony of having a
nip slip while talking about a nip slip
otherwise known as nip slip inception I
do feel bad for does that overall just
kind of suck so to make up for it I'll
give her some promo follow Nicki Minaj
on Twitter pretty much everybody loves
pranks excluding old people and me
victims of said prank hey I found a
toothbrush do you want it okay yeah sure
I'll take a toothbrush it's a candy cane
you've been pricked the tragically
beautiful aftermath of throwing a candy
cane across your room
BuzzFeed maydel is counting down this
year's funniest top viral pranks and
here are my thoughts on them top
internet pranks of 2014 oh the living
mattress she almost looks like she's
grabbing the pole to do like a little
bit of stripping the fake sneeze kicking
back I like how the guy in butterfly
sunglasses is like oh the zombie mom
miss Ricardo dude I learned that
different types of advertising should
not mix have you ever wondered what the
world would be like if you advertise
yogurt like you do beer no well I'll
show ya
hey Carol this party's kind of lame I
think I know just what it needs
don't freak anyone
building off of this I wonder what life
would be like if everything were a
YouTube video yeah your baby's looking
great very healthy when you're finish
raising and visual leave a comment down
below about your favorite part hey man
thanks for coming over if you like this
place be sure to hit thumbs up subscribe
come on in
hey you dude have you followed me on the
way home from the bus I'm super active
on there so you might want to do that
post you'll enjoy this week's episode of
bomb.com hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel if
you enjoyed this week's episode be sure
to give it a thumbs up and head on over
to youtube.com slash Alexis she saw I
recently made a video all about
offensive things so you'll want to be
sure to check it out see if you are
properly offended question of the day
what is one thing that you would not
want to happen in real life maybe you
don't want YouTube videos to happen in
real life
maybe you don't want video games to
happen in real life unlike my arms the
possibilities are endless while you were
down below be sure to check out my
social media sites such as Twitter and
Instagram I post a lot of behind the
scenes of this bomb.com so good
