you gave me my first alcoholic beverage
I know I know all you have to do put a
can of whipped cream on top of it and
literally stick like a 12 pack of Oreos
in there and he goes to town like
full-on blueberry pie County Fair
pie-eating contest smart cross hey
what's up you guys yes I'm in my car I'm
on my way to pick up Trisha PETA we're
gonna be making a candy haul today it's
just the behind the scenes of a candy
haul you wonder how it all happens you
wonder how it all happens well we're
gonna show you we go to the story buy
the candy than we here secret nachos
that only means one thing train hey
how's that oh yeah we are here we are
eating because we're gonna go prepared
to do our candy haul yeah yeah what are
you most excited about for this candy
oh my gosh I'm most excited about
chocolate because I okay so I have my
period today and I was on these marks
tranquilizers and all I could think
about was chocolate and you know what I
am like so excited you know what you
know those Christmas trees I was like
talk with Christmas trees and Recinos I
walk them they're like brownies you know
it would cost the brownie for their tree
that was exciting
I'm excited about all the different
flavors of peeps cuz I know there's so
many different flavors out right now
very excited all that and I just got my
period too so I'm really glad Twitter
and I was so interested I want to get
one of her flocking cameras the one that
makes everybody look super skinny with
big heads so I think there's a best buy
right next to target maybe I'll get one
maybe I'll start money like a fish eye
maybe I'll start my fish shouting Gina
was heated this by the way she was like
oh my god that camera makes everyone
look terrible that was back when I first
got my hair cut and I was like really
scared about it but now I'm used to how
terrible it looks so I'm okay with
looking like a fish we're shopping right
now Trish is on the other side of the
room I'm on this side of the store and
we're gonna get stuff now tell each
other what we got cuz we don't to ruin
the surprise
oh my god I'm in the gold fishy section
kissa fiesta sounds Christmasy right oh
oh fuck yeah holiday cupcake
oh oh fishy fishies fishies fishies it
all makes sense
look who I'm
hey I didn't you just see me at El
Torito though it's a surprise every time
we see so we are shopping how did you
find out you I did really good you're
gonna meet you're gonna like dying I
feel like I out I did you on this one
really cuz I got the whole story I got
so much I went like a little bit like
over the top like some of it might not
be candy but it still falls into that
holiday category I'll see no I went with
just specific holiday flavors like I
mean there was some like cool
skittles but it had Christmas would have
still skittles but everything was
holiday flavor okay okay okay okay
we'll see who wins when we get back all
right time to reveal our prices oh my
god how much did you spend I said 90
$2.97 what did you buy there's not much
no mine was 70 or lose depending on how
you look at it how did you I guess I
just got a bunch of cheap shit oh no I
guess I got one has Cakes inside of it
very excited you win
Christmas Christmas she fucking got me
presents I haven't got presents for
anybody yet because in my head it's not
Christmas yet then she was like it's
like a week away and I was like oh I'm a
terrible Christian well look what she
got me she got me fucking wireless
headphones which are amazing because
they fucking go to the gym all the time
all the time so ripped but like my wire
gets fucking stuck everywhere and then
she caught me a pill I'm on the pill you
have a pill
we're like always on the pill we don't
want to be pregnant though I mean I'm
pregnant right now is everyone telling
me you're pregnant oh my god this you're
coming up is this your pregnancy video
oh my god do I jump up to take that out
I'll take it out don't worry though
hahaha you're so close to selling it
actually was pregnant right now I didn't
know because I'm not well you know I
just have a few today but I was a week
late on my period week what am i
pregnant oh yeah that's right like two
minutes ago in the vlog we talked about
your period now we're like she's
pregnant
wait fun fact real quick okay so
basically if you're bleeding like you
can still be pregnant because I went to
the doctor cause I was bleeding for like
two weeks and like be pregnant the thing
like prolong reading it's like you guys
might know I don't know it's like
something there's no miscarriage getting
oh my god behind the scenes of a candy
huh oh my god
so embarrassing
Hey look at all this sir this is my spit
Cup and this is my trash bag don't ask
there's a lot of grosses going on but
honestly we're like so pretty doesn't
matter thanks for coming to me after
that looking like a mess no this light
girl is amazing we look like supermodels
whoa no but that but okay yes we're
doing Kenny hall we're almost done it's
been fun we've done like ten videos
tonight but it's been really we're about
to do some fanfiction reading can't wait
for that you didn't know fanfiction what
what the in fiction was and I am scared
be honest let me just tell you it's
gonna get real uncomfortable so grab a
blanket curl up and get rid of it I
don't know like what these voices are
them doing lately but I think I'm on
drugs
alright guys we're gonna do the see but
you me we gotta do the dance
me and my Craig
okay you ain't goin slow that was the
baby Joe to me
Wow watch out Trevor
you can't compete with that face higher
bitch think I just broke my bitch hey
guys y'all think I'm gonna end the vlog
question of the day
damn I don't know what song you want us
to dance to net
let me know how the guys have any of
those women who with you
oh oh um whoa oh it's just a little it
was a baby banana oh my god it's the
banana came out you
