can I just say when you guys were
talking about racism I like got nervous
about it I got nervous just when I heard
you say the word soup plantation being
southern it's like I go in there feeling
guilty just from the fucking name of the
restaurant chain as the eyes yes Mary
trismus we are you love that you good
yeah I'm down oh wait like usually
people say X myths so you could be like
X X X - oh why cuz I'm a porn yeah I
know I moves on your video I feel like I
don't want to be like - porn or anything
I learn this like a porn star right now
when there's boobs on my video right
it's like fit them the other like merry
exmas yes today we're gonna be doing a
Christmas candy / food / I have no idea
Hall we have so much stuff here that
this is gonna be so many good like
literally like time cars so it's gonna
be like a candy hold on my channel and
her channel and then we'll probably do
another one and then it doesn't be a lot
this so much so where should we start
let's start look the nog bitch how would
you get it we got three types of nut
here holds enough we have three types of
knots I'd be really embarrassing
Altadena Zhou
we got vanilla pumpkin spice and just
original bitch I mean the originals the
bass now and then we got little cups
yours bro oh my god it's so embarrassing
first of all it's a broken home it's a
hoe hoe which is no doesn't it Hank OH
and then I got this cute little like
deer but again is broken because I hate
animals well mine isn't broken - Feliz
Navidad and I got this because I want to
show that I'm not racist and I am
respectful of all different languages
okay loves it oh so - chocolate whipped
cream cuz I did not know they fucking
made this that's okay it was like porn
in your mouth I'm gonna take a check I'm
gonna take a shot is it amazing oh my
god it's like you just cut Oprah up and
just when a bright lamp oh oh my god I'm
good right
that was a big trouble I scream like one
tooth in your mouth it's like a ball
yeah
like channel I just want you to like put
on a plate and like shoving my face in
my boobs yeah okay yeah I want yeah
cream pie is in the United but you know
a cream pie is when you come in here
pussy and then you move the lips so that
look cream comes out but a chocolate
cream pie would be in her ass and a
little bit of pop comes now when a guy
comes in a girl that's what I just said
oh and then you squeeze the lips I never
had that happen on the advert someone's
like a lil cream pies I don't get it
alright so let's start with the original
this is like a science experiment so
this is the original night because our
dream yeah no don't do it Oh get it does
came out of it okay why are you so
stingy you would only just put like a
shot of like eggnog in there because I
want to like have all of the flavors I
don't want to get sick it's more
visually appealing I mean a guy's good
oh that one's really naughty yeah as we
go we didn't have these sitting out
though before we realize we should put
them in the fridge they might be curdled
by piniella next could you please put
more in than just like a little bit I
know we're asking for it um by the way
Kangas plug that last year I did a
hotter drink eggnog video so you can
like watch that link that below she mmm
I like it that one's good that one
tastes like somebody I'm looking yes
okay we get even grows I just like
ruined it okay well know what these
candy videos I get into it okay no jokes
bitch haha sorry melted a cookie like a
sugar cookie oh yeah pumpkin last but
not least oh my god we're gonna call
this the jizz drinking challenge can I
drink some Jamie no not fun
don't do it on a girl's face or her
mouth or anywhere please oh yeah just my
eyes I can see the more you know here we
go pumpkin oh that was pretty good
action anything like him Oh oh my god
Elle Fowler breaking my back oh shit
is juicy cutting that's good that's a
good shit thank you think my juicy star
has actually says that like they say
that to her like you are juicy do you
think kal-el and Anthony well they're
not they learn more but do you think she
like lifts up her legs and spreads over
her pussy and she's like watch me common
stuff but you might like to initiation
why you want to Smosh tonight I'm here
hold on video youtubers saturation blue
girl you got the raywilliamjohnson girl
what else what else what else yeah we'll
get okay so we got our dog you dirty as
fuck we have soaked this that's a video
all right but we have like so much
nothing here well let's do one more
thing for this video and then we'll do a
we'll do the actual candy home later
you'll have to wait for that oh yeah we
did like a whole time we should try well
what goes with no socks okay you had a
boner for that shame I'm really excited
owner for this surly though so first of
all this is not sponsored and I wish it
fucking was cuz I would swim in this
french toast crunch is back bitch this
was my favorite cereal as a kid and it's
fucking back was it gone
yeah it was got it's been gone for so
long and now it's back but this is the
sugar Nate sugar cookie pocket sugar
cookie holiday fucking motherfucker cut
putting in a pussy watch me comment
stuff oh my god what if you put in a
bowl and then you put motherfucking and
now instead of bitch we are fucking a
between Chris no my gosh maybe that's
what I should get for that so much ain't
having this
Oh living how is it huh all the levels
oh girl this got me like the beats pill
girl
fucking bitch like the ring vibrating
card you like it no I can't use all okay
with the egg oh you ready so I come
turbo but I feel you actually get off on
this stuff huh I mean every line mm-hmm
uh-huh how could both sing is that like
a vision of like Shane having sex right
there like your
like ah thanks for real yeah I watch the
sex tape video things like you were
actually gonna show like how you have
sex and I'm like yeah your title just
like people watching this be like I
thought shady Trish you're gonna come
man we are well you guys go that's our
first part on the end but is it coming
to your boobs I actually go over to
Georgia J doe subscribe check it out we
did what are we doing over on that
gentleman I don't know why I would be
different we had a lot to do
go over there we're gonna do the peeps
challenge we got all these weird types
of feeds it's gonna be fucking amazing
and you better bet it's gonna get nasty
so hope you guys have fun Agatha's we're
fighting with you and that weight we're
gonna put up I mean this is like
honestly you have a raging blog mess
this is train miss train wreck like a
new Christmas video all the time I don't
know why I mean I'm down I really don't
have any videos to put up so now
choo choo kwanzas oh you been offensive
rages a sriracha blowjob no no no no I
feel good especially if you end it with
just a little bit of sour cream
oh and a little block I'm hungry yeah
