you gave me my first alcoholic beverage
I know I know all you have to do put a
can of whipped cream on top of it and
literally stick like a 12 pack of Oreos
in there and he goes to town like
full-on blueberry pie County Fair
pie-eating contest smart oh hey guys
I've always wanted to do that it did you
yeah we still never do that with me oh
thank I'll write her a letter hey hey
guys yes I'm here with Chris hot and we
are with hashtag sub Dawson
oh yeah forever has I said Dawson don't
you ever forget about sub Dawson sorry
yeah I want to forget about what we just
did you can go check that on his channel
I saw a preference preference prep for
the video but the preference this video
with the fact that I'm on painkillers
for a lump behind my ear so I am having
a doozy well and I came over he said you
look like there's something wrong with
you I said I don't know drugs and then
we said let's collab so the idea I came
up with in my drug stupor is obscure sex
term challenge is fuckin ate it up boom
what we're gonna do is I'm gonna read
some of these sex terms and we're gonna
have to guess what they are and then the
winner gets to do that
that's a like okay don't look wait I
can't look either how am I gonna do this
I'm just gonna look and then look away
my visions blurry anyways okay anger
dragon Oh angry dragon gonorrhea coming
No
while on gonorrhea maybe can you be on
gonorrhea maybe a blowjob with hot sauce
oh that's a rotten blowjob oh no no no
no I feel good especially if you end it
with just a little bit of sour cream oh
and a little block I'm hungry yeah let's
get your pole a it's actually
immediately after you blow your load
into a coke
this is gross if you blow your load to
do a girl's mouth smack the back of her
head and make it come out her nose oh
okay when she gets up she'll pick wicked
angry dragon I did it see any girl I've
been with she just swallows immediately
just fingers equators come on
comfortable but I'm not swallowing yours
Arabian goggles Arabian goggles that
were you like take your pubic hairs cut
them off and then glue them so if you
created a beard beard glasses it's like
beer glasses but beard glasses but with
pubic hair
you're definitely a serial killer I'm
gonna say you take your balls and you
put your balls over somebody's eyes and
you start screaming in Arabian I don't
quite know what that means
Arabian Nights like it actually is the
manoeuvre when you put your testicles
over somebody's eyes oh no Arabia needed
I don't understand why they worry oh it
says picture this your ass on their
forehead oh I see it I don't get the
Arabian Kristen yeah I don't need a bear
claw bear claw yeah I think it's that
area between your butthole on your balls
your taint that's what a fancy person
calls it Rundle if you have a lot of
just gross nasty to skin tangled up with
hair and like cellulite it kind of does
look like a young young donut bear claw
and it's usually filled actually nothing
on this one
well oh it's just a synonym for
extremely large pussy lips haha
yeah I don't get that you know not all
labias look the same even if they're
large I've seen some huge black ones on
wipers and I asked and I said is your
vagina dead and she said I don't know
that's a really good thing to say to a
woman about her vagina
haha is your vagina dead I'm kidding my
mom's vagina is fully alive the chili
dog when I go out on a limb I'm gonna
guess it involves poop it's gonna
involve diarrhea I'm guessing its penis
coming out diarrhea coming out along
with it the man I don't know where so
you goofed on your dinner you put in the
buns okay you pull the prenup penis out
the poop comes out and they go oh don't
move and then you slap it on top of her
button you clench it together yeah and
you go oh I can have a lot less I have
officially reached his limit when you
take a hot dump
we were very wrong when you take a hot
dump on a girls tits and then proceeded
to titty fuck er oh so it's like the
same thing but just with boobs no
because it's your your dump I only have
sex with someone else's dump yeah I
don't do that no although my dump is
extremely cold so you should get you
should get that lip into a cold lunch
okay I got a cold lunch I automatically
think egg salad so I'm thinking you
probably
inside of her you stir it up and then
you throw a hard-boiled egg and there
you stir that up and then you squish it
together like a PITA
oh I'm like and then you eat on it I
hope there's no relish I'm not a fan
relish just was on the thirst last I
really love lettuce and maybe all Mikado
you lost me at lettuce year on back at
avocado it's the act of who we were
wrong again
the act of vomiting directly into a
chick's head while she's performing
fellatio like into her head like you
open up her head and no onto onto it
wait why okay so oh this is the stuff of
nightmares oh this one's just says corn
I'm gonna go with this simple obvious
one guy shoves his dick in her pussy and
the other guy shows his dick into her
mouth and they spin her around like corn
and cover her in mayonnaise mayonnaise
butter the corn butter and salt
no and semen is so today no that's not
how we do corn corn man comes Park ha
and then we put the mayonnaise we put
the Tapatio sometimes we put some garlic
powder seasoning and we eat it with our
teach each other my salt
you gotta get salt on there let's see
who's right originating from the fine
campus of Cornell University comes us
unique rarely used term saying that the
girl is corn means she's fucking hot so
beautiful so utterly drop-dead gorgeous
that you'd happily eat the corn out of
her shit can be used for a great pickup
line like baby your more corn than green
giant or damn bitch you are corn wait
does that mean they were considering
eating the corn out of green giant shit
I'm still so hungry I know that made me
more hungry last one someone made this
list okay now this one's hard okay so
I'm gonna try to think okay come
guzzling sperm burping bitch that's as
if her name's Christine she's an
ex-girlfriend haha the shade of it all
yes the once-in-a-lifetime act when
blowing a hot steamy load down the back
of a girl's throat proceeded to give her
a large cold bottle of your favorite
carbonated liquid and make her guzzle it
down then shake her head vigorously back
and forth back and forth to make the cum
guzzle a great way to impress your
friends on that note the fashion of the
day what do you think and don't look
this up on Google don't what do you
think is
the ham and cheese sandwich I'm gonna
take a look and see what it is all right
guys I'm a vomit check out his video go
subscribe give a comment all that shit
we really showing challenge glue each
other yeah I won if you didn't think it
was gay over here well just check out
how because I'm putting a dummy up
ending with you I'm gonna go give him a
chocolate highway no oh no it asks for
hot diarrhea I love cold I got you okay
Oh whoo your hands sandwich is looking
real cheesy today oh there's tuna in it
you know biggest misconception people
have about you dad that I have thick
skin uh childhood celebrity crush Oprah
