hey what's up guys welcome back to what
the fuck new my name is desperate I hate
and pieces of bread what the fuck is
this for go even eat this but this is
what the fuck news we talk about the
shit ass crazy news that you might have
missed in the last week and the first
thing that I want to talk about today is
the recent news of youtuber connor
franta coming out as being gay 2014 is
truly the year that I have accepted Who
I am and become happy with that person
so today I talked to you guys about that
and be open and honest and tell you that
I'm gay and honestly I don't watch his
videos I'm not one of his 3.7 million
subscribers who do watch his videos but
I am a huge supporter of what he's done
in the video he fights back tears as he
explains that he's gone through 22 years
of his life trying to accept who he was
it is now comfortable enough to tell his
fans who unanimously was supportive and
proud of what he did and I can't begin
to say how happy it makes me to see that
as time goes on more and more people are
being open-minded about this and more
and more people are being encouraged to
come out because as Connor says in the
video you should never have to be afraid
to be who you are totally awesome though
well done sir well done in some actual
what the fuck news though it tends to
school suspended a kid because he shaped
a pop-tart into a gun what the fuck
first a guy gets arrested last week for
having a banana that looks like a gun
and now a pop-tart how hard is it to
tell that a pop-tart definitely is not a
gun like seriously if someone trying to
rob me with a pop-tart I just be like
give me all your money ah
wait is that a pop-tart no this is a gun
no that's definitely a pop-tart ah what
the fuck it looks so convincing maybe it
was a good thing he was suspended but it
all seriousness because of the event a
Texas representative is now filing a
bill that prevents schools from
punishing kids for playing with anything
that looks like a toy gum which also
sounds pretty dangerous because what if
some kid just brings a really realistic
toy gun to school and his life stop
assigning us homework or else
wait Smith is that a real gun or a fake
up it's a fake up okay then you're good
what the fuck news if you love
high-speed police chases buckle in cuz
this isn't anything like that
and his story two teens had to make a
quick getaway when they robbed a local
store so decided to steal and run away
in a tractor a super intense police
chase then ensued which probably looks
something like this seriously though
like I'm pretty sure that a cop car
could catch a tractor that knows the
fuck they were doing but apparently the
police chase went on for 20 miles which
if you're in a tractor took about 60
minutes because literally they were
going 20 miles per hour whoa
dangerous sets and the police finally
put down a stinger or one of those tire
poppy things to stop the tractor which
then blew out one of the front tires
which slowed down the tractor enough for
the assailants to be caught in some
viral video what the fuck new is a video
with Viral of a woman pranking her
boyfriend by putting pepper spray on his
toilet paper
I'm sick of shinnok's pranks only today
it's gonna be my avenge this is exactly
how my butthole feels every time after I
eat Mexican food Mexican food coats be
like oh man how many jalapenos and
spices are in this burrito I don't know
Pedro an unhealthy amount put more man
accurate another video this week told
the story of a dutch bands bases two
ruptured his testicles while playing a
show but decided to keep playing
how did you just be so calm when your
testicles literally ruptured on stage
this guy is a fuckin trooper they're
about two reasons that I would stop
playing the show if they happen one it's
my testicles burst yeah it probably
stopped playing number two if I was in
the band Nickelback I would definitely
stop playing but apparently the bassist
was rushed to the hospital after the
show where he had five hundred
milliliters of blood taken from his
scrotum as it had swollen up to the size
of a grapefruit but on the positive side
though this is probably one of the most
hardcore stories you can tell someone
about your band our bed was so hardcore
that I literally ruptured my nutsack on
stage anyways though this has been what
the fuck news every question of the day
for you guys is what do you personally
think about people that publicly come
out as being gay do you admire them do
you think they should keep it a secret
let me know in the comments down below
all of today's stories as always are in
the description down below as well as
all of my links sorry guys go make sure
to check out my channel youtube.com
slash cut that stands for more of me
subscribe to my channel or I will shoot
you with this gun definitely not a
pop-tart wow that gun is delicious but
I'll see you next week for another what
the fuck news and Fairwinds
