that is the loudest fire what's cracking
the fire you know what I mean that's
really funny thank you my friends have
their own cereal yes we are by the fire
cuz it's another night of all yes we are
talking about what we're gonna do
tonight you guys don't really know
what's happening I have a vague idea you
said that I'm we're gonna be scared so
all you know is that you're gonna be
scared through what he thought though
laugh I was on YouTube the other night
and I saw a video called don't watch
this at night and I didn't watch it
because I wanted to save it for my boys
so basically what we're gonna do is
we're gonna go inside now we're gonna
watch some of the scariest videos on the
injured oh my god why the fire coming at
me wait what did I say would happen like
don't watch these videos ah there watch
these videos or else like what would
happen would you get chicken salt it
will bring over your saute go in that
fire
you just ran inside them like who the
fire second video I was literally
battling it it was flying everywhere
you're not going to eat anything you put
in front of me that's a challenge you
said you didn't anything what did you
give it some dumb food that's awesome I
thank you sure are you really gonna eat
that no not why did you give me a dog
food but there's a nap yeah you should
try it I'll try to I'll try it if you
try it no you're not going to I'm gonna
try it then you're gonna go you're Sol
loser
you act like eating dog food is above me
this is say we need to fuel ourselves
for tonight and just a little we should
be Google at this point
who you took a bigger bite than me I'm
not your dog I don't want to lose a
sponsorship but it tastes like talk
about me okay I'm a bigger bite okay
hold on when you turn down the lights so
if you like to get ready for tonight we
should probably tell some scary stories
like to get us into the scary mood would
you want me to tell you where the scary
story make it fast though your stories
are very long he's got a point
okay well in the past one time my dad
and I got this thing with Miss Tennessee
don't cut me off you were already gonna
say you were bored say it's scarier my
dad and I were visiting Tennessee where
the weather was cold it was snowing
outside that is a creepy detail and we
were staying at my sister's house
because she had this massive like sorry
visiting my sister's place and she was
renting a massive house that she
couldn't keep I like the top floor like
the top two floors don't are you doing
it on him
well this give me sunrise so she put my
dad and I on this massive air mattress
where is this story gonna go I'm telling
you where it's gonna go I'm sorry I'm
just being distracted by the food so we
were sleeping up there on this like
massive air mattress and it was
nighttime and the door was like cracked
open a little bit and we heard these
footsteps coming into the room and they
just started circling the air mattress
the sound of footsteps you know hi
welcome to my house they were right
where you hear demons breathing I know I
have a scared you're just telling it
with more style so I was laying in bed
one night and I was crying with this I
this happened yesterday I was laying in
bed one night I was crying cuz it was my
birthday and nobody had said happy
birthday to me my luck worth it because
I always add to it did you have a seven
oh and then I'm laying in bed and I'm
crying and I say oh I just wish somebody
would say happy birthday to me and then
as I'm falling asleep
I feel nails on my back claw on my back
I'd say happy birthday shame that was
you matter of course that's what I
thought yeah
turn around she was nothing I said then
I went to my bedroom and I said mom
where he just in my room I felt the
nails on my back and I heard happy
birthday in my ear it sounded like a
woman and she said was it me but maybe
it was an angel and so all the way my
whole life I thought that's so sweet it
was an angel then as I grew up and
realized the probability I've come to
the conclusion that it was probably a
demon that's really scary do anything of
that are you telling that story about my
nice surprise you on your birthday but
never told you okay I've got a story
like that I swear to God oh you got your
jab true I honestly can't think of
anything okay we're making a video okay
tell them what you're doing I'm testing
the four capabilities on this particular
piece of furniture because we're gonna
build a spookyboys fort why I brought a
four blanket you have a fort blanket
well it's not for that particular use I
also use it for like reading the
blankets I use it for a lot of stuff in
shock the scary story
I also use it for like reading the
blankets you should put that on your
tinder like I have a fort blanket all
right sure you keep eating we'll make a
fort it's perfect like it's soft and
light you know is it gross okay no it's
fine it's fine
why did you judge it just how old is it
wait on the cat tree okay
I mean cheetahs gonna be pissed wait
what what is this have you ever built a
fort
oh can you do better I'll get the camera
you do better yeah so obviously this
area over here is perfect for a fort
if you go over here and we get
underneath from this nook she have
ourselves a little for it have you seen
us we're all big okay that's triggering
hey guess what we're building a fort
come on come look at it
I'm currently using I'm using some vodka
to try to stabilize the fort what do you
think this is the worst wait just go sit
underneath it oh I just realized he's
very small yeah
so after realizing that we won't fit and
also I don't want to be living here it's
farts I've decided that we're just gonna
turn this into a fort and it's gonna
work trust me
okay so instead we are going to try this
what if one of us wears a top hat or
something to keep it up what if we just
give them a moment where it's like
they're in a fort with us and then we
take it okay but no but that looks like
everything look at that look that looks
like we're great for it right is it just
me well I know what you're saying so
just give them a second of it well just
do like maybe kind of ASMR like come on
in okay there's room in here oh that's
good hey guys welcome to our fort come
on in we're having a great time the
worst answer marbella ever oh they're
coming in hi oh my god you're the
perfect person for a fort we love you do
you smell Garrett's bark do you know
that we're all like 30 drew is literally
I'm 22 just turned 22 and we're not 30
yet all right let's drop the boy again
okay here we go this is kind of creepy
yeah this is really good oh look I put
the blanket back here can you eat it oh
my god that scared me I thought it was
the woman that scratches my back oh you
thought I was a ghoul that worked then
okay so we have a list here of videos
that you're not supposed to watch it a
night and we like to break the rules so
here we go actually before we get to
that you were mentioning a video that
you saw yes someone made a compilation
called is drew Monson okay and it
actually made me really insecure because
I guess the point of it is like showing
how weird I am or like and there's a
creepy vibe to me or something and we
can just watch it yeah I kind of want to
see that the run towards camera factors
like the man
okay do it that actually was scary when
it was black and white
cuz it looked like you were running away
from something felt like the person who
made it knows like what's going on in my
head or when I break down or when I'm
not thinking about walking true what if
you're so crazy and you uploaded this
what have you edited this I did a
documentary about like a serial killer
and then they like look back is yeah he
looks so uncomfortable alright well that
was great now let's move on to some even
scarier videos all right are you guys
ready to watch it with us we still do
have some orbit this is just so many
heavy breathing this is fucking me just
you wait and see finger
okay this is not scary to me but it is
cool like oh cool like yeah like good
job yeah like they have a bunch of
friends who can come over and like use
their arms oh you might be sold thanks I
think it might be no it's real okay okay
I get it
that was cool I mean I'm not like super
scared like fingers don't scare me
that was me me with my chowder
nothing spoon interesting I can't relate
cuz I don't need soup I know this yeah
so this guy is a serial killer no got a
body and started fucking with in all the
videos or him fucking with the body and
it ends with him throwing the body away
no oh yes and I talked about it in a
video and the next day he made his
background on YouTube at my face that's
so scary has an official YouTube page
and he's on jail or what any is fifteen
thousand subs
he's coming every week yeah so in this
video guess he's just feeding her ice
cream in Otago
I think in this house I feel like I'm
being sweet to my corpse or is he just
being like I'm making a weird youtube
video I think he's like I just killed
this bitch let me make some money so
he's not working on his brand right now
oh my god
but no way I feel really self conscious
right now about my face because I'm
thinking of is germ onsen okay but don't
worry I'll make it so he's not working
on his brand right now if you're gonna
film something just filming color well
I'm kind of shook with an AK thing oh
it's like a it's your blanket that was
an ASMR tingles was amazing okay alright
I like that one it's just so easy to
fake though like you just tell your
daughter to move like hey honey cry and
then two minutes I'll be back I mean
would have daddy of five the event this
is so much reading no no no Erica I am
scared yeah where did you find these
videos to me when people ask how
becoming YouTube stuff I'm just gonna
type in scariest video of all time
looks like they're finding something
sign no I know about this video some of
the people in the comments say that
could have just been an old homeless guy
pooping in the woods and we don't video
where we go in the woods yeah okay this
video is called the scariest video you
will ever watch oh wait what so far it's
the Swedish no what do you mean oh I I
did the same thing I mean I'm happy that
the dogs okay so who it is this one okay
it's the sky wait I don't something's
gonna pop up and freakish the hell out
probably a ghost oh no we can't do that
rocking chairs are so scary oh my god I
know you can't just cut I broke so many
when I was a kid especially one without
a pillow on it cuz who's that for that
was not scary you don't fool me they're
reaching a little girl screaming this is
live footage from my bedroom
there's nothing gonna happen oh cool a
warped face tune or something that was
so bad haha
it's true okay oh my god that noise I
mean it was kind of hot
oh I know we should watch did you ever
see the video of I think I've talked
about it before but the video of the
super fan of that musician who like he
went crazy and then he shot himself in
my head well using about New York yeah
Bjork yeah so he was making like a video
diary where he would make her videos
every single day for like I think it was
like a year or something then he never
got a response and then he killed
himself in one of the video time 1996
and here's the last video oh this is
crazy this really fucked me up for a
month so let's watch it again yeah later
Lopez committed suicide a videotape that
enable police to intercept the deadly
scary
well can I tell them he sent Bjork like
a cyanide package that was gonna like
kill her and they intercepted it the
police did because of these videos Wow
okay I think we're good yeah that was
really scary
oh wait come here what something
cheerful now just so you know I have
nightmares like that I don't know like
Snow White has fun I don't know like a
theme it's scary how gay you are well
can I show you my favorite I was three
seconds long no please wow it's so good
it'll cheer us all up fair video on
YouTube there's a remix yeah it's great
we all had the wind knocked out of us as
kids please wait what's my favorite one
what's the one that I used to show like
all the time I can't show beheadings
right
no one YouTube oh oh I know it's thought
it's the volume of the ladies who think
she sees a rap yeah no wait that's not
it well that's it kind of but it's um
well the one that uses the Britney song
yeah oh yeah
I have never seen that one that was an
accident but that was everything we're
gonna end it on that that was or that
grandpa with a hole in his head sorry
what'd you win it's a silly fun
light-hearted video he does not sound
like a light-hearted
Oh hole in face maybe oh yeah so it
doesn't it hurts inside there you can
feel it oh yeah thank you happy
Wow is his brain right there he's not
his brain can you see him think it makes
you think we're done we're done well
there you guys go that was us watching
the scariest videos you should never
watch at night what Oh what's gonna
happen also have you seen Drew's here
that's gonna make it into a sad well
guys go over to their channel because
they both have new videos that are
really scary well it's not that scary
it's just eating Doritos off of my wall
that's very scary what's your video drew
weight yeah it's something alright guys
make sure to go over their channels and
watch their videos and subscribe and
also give this video a thumbs up if you
want more spooky boy videos is that what
we're calling yeah I think so also make
sure to subscribe and hit the
notification both cuz I make new videos
every day and you shouldn't watch them
at night I love you all right you guys
if you want to see all of our other
spooky boy videos I'll put a link to a
playlist right down there below what was
the scariest video you guys saw today oh
the one they're creeping out the most oh
baby arms coming from under the door
wait what about you Seamus Gary's video
that extended by bad dog there's
something wrong right yeah is he gonna
kill me in my sleep
yeah well yeah
