Shane Dawson one of my favorite people
on YouTube you say that to all the o2l
members haha yes either are you in o2l
I'm like their grandpa the chairs are in
a circle the candle is lit we're ready
to have ourselves a sacrifice hey guys
yes I am at the studio right now about
to record a podcast we have memory as
our guest who is one of my favorite
people ever she's so funny of course my
co-host Jessica who I think because of
your guys's comments and because of how
much I love her
I think I'm gonna make her the official
co-host and she doesn't know it yet so
today I'm gonna offer her the job and
I'll do it on camera and hopefully she's
excited so yeah I'm excited
I loved by the way our podcast was put
in the top our iTunes chose it as one of
the best podcast 2014 and we're next to
like Marc Maron and like really big
people so thank you iTunes for doing
that but thank you guys for fucking
listening because it's amazing keep
telling your friends about it because
for me my goal is that this podcast
lasts longer than my YouTube I just want
this to be something I can do forever
obviously I can't do YouTube forever
because that would be creepy but I feel
like I could do a podcast forever and so
please keep listening oh I don't know if
I've ever shown you this there's this
wall over here that has pictures of like
everybody if it's been in the studio
before so there's a picture of me and
jennette mccurdy and she's wearing a wig
I don't know why they have a picture in
the interior read David they have a
picture of me eating out Rebecca Black's
somewhere oh there it is
well I'm not really eating her out but I
did later they got all their snacks and
look they just put up a poster
my movie so excited oh my god they had
petit brownie bites I don't know what
that means but I want all of them in my
mouth this has been highly requested
this is from the fans this is from
everybody that has listened I am
officially asking J but if she wants to
be the official co-host of a shame fines
podcast for real for real
that's your face forever are you 100%
100% I'd love to I really love to watch
my hands but don't leave your mic we got
to hear you girl molest is a real thing
Oh cosby that hand
yeah forever and you know what to be
honest the amount of like just messages
and tweets and things like that that
I've gotten are so overwhelming and so
amazing and so awesome and I really
appreciate it and I love it and thanks J
but is here to say that but is planted
that's it but J but has to go can you
call me self-assess SAS SAS okay okay
okay so we'll leave it up a question of
the day should we call her J but or SAS
leave in the comments hi guys guess
who's here yeah she's back it's been a
while yeah sorry
she just walked over here done I know we
did a podcast anything away I think I'm
really well you know we like straight-up
real world that shit we got we stopped
being polite and started to get real
real and then got tired we got really
tired no it got really real I'm very
excited the link is down there
SoundCloud conference lighting okay
there we go there we go by the way by
the way did you know JLo I just found
this out cuz all these youtubers met JLo
if you take a selfie with her she she
has to hold it oh really
yeah she literally goes thank you I mean
gives it back so if you ever see
yourself of JLo she's holding it okay
it's a good plan calls we should kick
the filter
she's like swipe she's like no no no
let's move that out smooth that out
detail details yes so the podcast is out
what what do you think you're most
nervous about people hearing oh well you
know about that one in Chen right that
one infection yeah one infection
it was my cover band of one direction
one infection check it out go to the
podcast
um and you'll witness its action but not
all right see you guys later ha hey
what's up guys yes the podcast is done
um it was so much fun I really really
enjoy it I think I enjoy podcasting
almost more than I enjoy making YouTube
videos I really really loved it and
memory was so fucking funny she's one of
the funniest people ever so it was
amazing you guys are gonna love it let
me know down in the comments to what
other guests you want cuz we've had a
lot of them and I'm looking for new ones
so let me know it's been a long day but
I'm feeling very very happy and very
proud Oh something cool to show you guys
yeah so variety is like a big fuckin LA
magazine thing it's all about Hollywood
and all that jazz they put me in ass
where is it I'm one of their top comedic
voices of the year I'm right next to
fuckin Amy Poehler and Tina Fey and most
McCarthy Sarah Silverman he's like my
favorite and then me nope that's not me
and then me right accessories everyone's
boobs it's crazy and a huge honor and
thank you very for doing that it's nice
because I feel like a lot of people just
see me as a youtuber or whatever even
though I've done a movie and I'm done
I've sold a show like I've done a lot of
things outside of YouTube but people
just saw we see me as a youtuber so it's
nice what I get stuff like that because
it's like a fuck trying to do things
outside of it and people are noticing
anyways speaking of YouTube I wanted to
say something really quickly because I
thought it was important so as I've
already talked about on the podcast so
the whole Connor Franta coming at the
closet thing I just want to say how
incredibly proud I am not just of him
but of you guys for being so fucking
accepting and I know how hard that must
I thought must have been the hardest
thing the whole world for him and you
guys being so accepting the whole world
is changing when I first started YouTube
in 2008 if somebody would have come out
the closet it would have been they would
have got so much hate all the girls
would been like fuck you we wanted to
fuck you now we don't want to fuck you
anymore unsubscribe it would have been
horrible and now people are just so
accepting it's it's it's amazing so it's
it's crazy and I can't wait to see what
happens next for YouTube I feel like
everybody's accepted here including
weirdos like me I mean where else am i
accepted so kudos to Connor kudos to you
guys and who knows to this rock on my
dashboard don't know why it's there
don't know what it's doing but I put it
there just
more weird shit in my car how'd you guys
hope you thought I would be happening
with you away all through tomorrow and
um go check out the podcast go go go
listen now now now not all please please
it is really great when you're gonna
fucking love it keep listening and I
keep making them shots testicle you are
so oh yeah okay Charlie oh don't get
