heads of you guys really quick before
the video starts I just wanna let you
know that my brand new episode of my
podcast is out right now with special
guest
mamrie who is so fucking funny have to
get it it is down there you can listen
for free SoundCloud calm and friends
alright enjoy the video hello yes we
have your head is so big and you look so
pale next to me which is bizarre because
I'm very pale that's nice you're
supposed to say wow Shane that rope just
brings out your feminine in me hey guys
yeah I'm here with Lisa today we're
going to be doing the trying Japanese
candy challenge I decided that we should
both be our Japanese props because why
not
yeah here we go okay we're gonna do half
on my channel half on her channel and I
got a mixture of things that could be
good and things that could be really
fucking gross now letting you know that
I'm allergic to everything so this is
gonna suck Oh for you after when we go
to bed and I'm lighting up the place
with my tapes up above the fire okay
ready
try these these are baby penises with
chocolate no they're mushrooms we're
gonna trip balls hey are these really
mushrooms I hate mushrooms they're
called mushrooms they look like
mushrooms not penises only you would
look at something the shape of a
mushroom review like it's a penis hello
that's exactly what it looks like this
is bigger that's Jake oh wow this is
like like a serial killer if you kept
the baggie of all the baby penises he
chopped it off there you go oh they are
very penis they are penis yeah I'm
getting that
all right cheers Cheers tips just the
tip let's get tipsy just like a
chocolate-covered cracker
I love hate you I love you it's not a
good two pees on having four it's not a
pain you go easy but if not as sweet as
Connery it has a sweet it's somewhere in
new Ricky Dillon area between salty all
right that was not bad
oh I got a hole in the back
wasabi peas oh you are not going to know
okay this is hilarious gets its green
peas glutinous rice flour okay and
horseradish well you hate gluten and I
love horses so this should be fun I
think it is coming we break reroute it
you're really bleeding yeah just hold it
like this
thank you Hey okay I'm gonna eat peas
while you're gone
oh I am gone you cut yourself you're
bleeding all over the house Habibi while
you start to bleed oh by the words
boyfriend oh I love those oh it tastes
like the devil coming in my mouth all
right now I want something good great
emoji yeah it looks like shreds testicle
you are so into penises oh oh it's
really oh don't get get over there don't
get where do you wanna be donkey oh no
no it feels like my grandma's faked it
let's back what she had cancer and then
give her fake one I used to play with it
too real so many oh it's kind of
sexually satisfied oh I hate it it's
goofy how would anybody do this to the
Bell I know look at it it's pulling a
mad you what it looks like
you know this cow keychains repress in
will but comes out I'm with one
hooker delicious yes alright get some
better okay oh this is creepy kid
everything is so proudly creamy candy
white candy when I love it and look at
the rabbit on its own crap hey I don't
want to eat this one
oh good oh no I want ingredients potato
Bundy it's a crime is hard
alright good a boy from sunlight oh boy
hunger got that yeah I don't know about
love
it's so hard it's gross oh I would like
after like Oh potato there you go all
right you got two more things cooker
quick okay we got some kind of a drink
and then we also got this guy his bail
is like your tooshie tell them that he
doesn't have a birthmark on his butt the
size of Texas and I just think that how
about oh this smells good
who's that it smells like poop
motherfucker
daddy likes really oh the real sweet
you're made mommy Bennett likes Bobby
like yeah it's really sweet Bobby Danny
share alright yeah Japanese to help you
it took a while but we love you that's
it alright last but not least my phone
candies wait dude close up because any
little tushy is so cute oh I thought
these are going to get us locked up you
can't buy drugs at the world work good
how do you take a wrapper off are they
edible wrappers mommy
you know this shit's like the wall Josh
movies ooh I don't like that uh-uh
where is go part one we go oh my god
this is terrible
we got even grosser one so go over to
her channel check it out and subscribe
to a shit question of the day what kind
of candy should we try next British
nanny German sandy possible I will let
the child house a new goal I have a live
on a video they wrote her channel oh my
god what a good idea if I got bald
tattoo on my chin and I grew a beard but
I only shave everything else but the
balls and would look like hairy balls on
my face
that's a good idea when I'm on nyquil
