heads of you guys really quick before
the video starts I just wanna let you
know that my brand new episode of my
podcast is out right now with special
guest
mamrie who is so fucking funny have to
get it it is down there you can listen
for free SoundCloud calm / Shane and
friends alright enjoy the video hey guys
I'm sick again and on a lot of
painkillers and you know what that means
thanks ed - yeah it's last time I was
sick I wish wasn't that long ago I spray
pain in my hair and then when I got
better I look back at the video and said
what the fuck well the same thing is
gonna happen today because I thought
wouldn't it be cool to match my cool
punk pink hair if I had a face tattoo
but then I thought Walgreens doesn't
sell tattoo pens but they do sell
mascara and that will wash off I'm on a
lot of painkillers but I'm not on that
many painkillers imagine if you turned
on this video and I was just carving
something in my face oh I should see a
doctor
let's do it so I've always wanted a face
tattoo by the way I'm not I'm looking at
myself so I know what I'm doing not
because I'm conceited although maybe I
shouldn't see what I'm doing let me flip
this over we're doing this blind what if
a tattoo guy said that you know what
somebody get me a blindfold no it hasn't
fuck alright I think I'm gonna put a
cross on my forehead I don't have a
reason all right yeah that feels right
uh-huh
Jesus take the wing he'll take it from
my hands cuz I'm on a lot of nyquil and
talent now beams okay I can't see it but
I'm guessing it's Christ all right
what's next maybe like my initials on my
cheek that way people will be like
what's your name and I'll be like oh
hello look at my face cunt SD oh I
didn't think that one through well I'll
be a hit at the gay clubs okay and then
on my other side of my face I should do
something I love what I love crying yeah
okay I'll do a tear uh-huh it looks sad
and then maybe what else do I love I
love to Abigail breslin's music video so
let's draw abigail breslin
here's her hair and she's a lot of
mascara on so there's her eyes and then
here's her little microphone and then
here's her little guitar that she was
playing and here's all her friends that
she got off Craigslist cuz you know her
real friends were like oh girl come busy
that day but you're never busy and we
always hang out on
yeah my family died though so I got to
go to the funerals all right now swing
for my nose I think I'm just gonna keep
it simple and just black it out cuz I
feel like this shows that I just don't
give a fuck you don't have saying it's
like yeah I could have spent time
thinking of a tattoo that had a symbol
and makes sense but no fuck it instead I
just threw some ink on there how am I
looking like a crazy person good
this is slowly turning into blackface
and I promised I wouldn't do that again
so I'm sorry all right and one more
let's do something on my chin I mean we
already have s D so let's just make some
balls all right I don't know does that
look good
need some hair though right oh my god
what a good idea if I got all tattoo on
my chin and I grew a beard but I only
shaved everything else but the ball is
it would look like hairy balls on my
face that's a good idea when I'm on
nyquil and then I think we just need to
finish it off with just some kind of a
little mustache yeah I'm feeling good
all right time to reveal it to myself Oh
Oh No okay okay
oddly enough the balls are the best
drawn thing I have a lot of practice I
drop my balls a lot SD that looks pretty
good
that's Jesus after he was crucified oh
no that's a hot mess
it does a gale I'm kidding I love that
bitch well there you guys go
that's my face tattoo oh I really need
to see a doctor let me cut it down there
tell me what else I should do when I'm
sick should I give myself a homemade
piercing should I fucking stab myself in
the face give me some options shave my
head I think I need a couple more
tylenol PMS before that no those aren't
you guys happy f ing littler tomorrow
mine oh no I hate no one not a man now
