I'm a grown man hey guys yes I am a
grown up and I am in a heifer onesie you
have a lot to look forward to children
so you're probably wondering Shane why
are you in a heifer onesie or you're not
wondering that because you're used to
this because today I decided to test out
children's toys so I decided to get
inside of a children's outfit I also
have a children inside of matric what
and yes my voice is deep not because I'm
sick because I'm going through puberty
when is it gonna get bigger let's start
playing so I got like 6 toys or
something and the reason I thought about
doing this is because I noticed that
playing with toys has become a thing on
YouTube there's a channel that does it
and they get like five hundred million
views of video and it's just this creepy
woman being like this is a toy play with
toy like these yes I love these fucking
creepy so I thought I'm creepier than
that bitch let me play what should I
start with okay I'm gonna start with
slime I have always wanted to play with
this when I was a kid my mom wouldn't
let me get it because she thought I
would eat it which is ridiculous
although it does look tasty alright
let's try this out keep out of reach of
children
what oh I hate it I don't know if you
can see it but look at that ah I love
when children make that noise oh no I
hate it I wanted out of my end out oh my
god look on Princess Fiona
come on track Shrek I'm tired I want to
go to bed do you need me to get donkey
in here does he need to finish this oh
oh oh thank god oh it's everywhere I
need somebody to lick this up don't get
what do I do with it do I just go is
there instructions may be harmful if
swallowed
do not let near damaged or broken skin
rinse off right after use what the hell
is this made of and I'm gonna die
because first of all I'm definitely to
swallow some of this I have cuts all
over my fingers because I work hard and
also I never wash my hands so this might
be my last video Oh Oh No oh I should go
see a doctor
alright I think I'm done with this I'm
gonna give this toy five out of five fab
sounds alright these are called space
specks
now supposedly you're supposed to put
these on your face and then you'll see
outer space you can also do that by
popping ecstasy and ecstasy is way
cheaper than these were Oh God Oh
what does universe look like through
robot glasses you'll have to find out
I don't know that has Britney Spears all
right here we go oh oh I'm gonna vomit
everything is just green and confusing
Oh huh need a break
hold the lenses turn okay okay now we're
gonna have some fun
oh I'm nauseous I'm nauseous and I'm
dizzy ooh I wanted to try these ok these
are called touch bubbles basically what
happens is you blow the bubble but you
can touch it oh it's the same
ingredients as a condom perfect this is
yep oh okay okay it's thick consistency
can excited about this okay it's just
dripping all over me and not doing
anything until she said my mom is a
crazy bitch Oh like what the fuck
they're breaking okay okay here we go
okay this is fucking bullshit oh oh wait
fuck Oh what they're all breaking
everything I don't dive really reminded
me of my childhood try this again it
really is messy
fuck nope okay their directions touch it
that's all the direction sex maybe thing
makes like a bubble thing with my hand
you know how people go like you're gonna
gift that aren't you damn it
all right here we go oh it burns that's
fun all right here we go this is not
working well I give that toy zero out of
zero sticky fingers yeah I should wash
my hands I'll just wipe it on my heifer
all right this next toy is something I
have always wanted to play with but my
mom really wouldn't buy them for me
because she was afraid of what I would
grow up to be you know a man who dresses
up like a woman on the Internet well mom
I didn't need these to do that yes it is
hair chalk the fun game of putting
disgusting shit in your hair cuz you
think you look cute and I gotta say
these girls look cute actually this one
I don't know if you could see her but
she can get it applying color to dry
hair and easily wash it off okay seems
easy let's try yellow
I feel like that'll stand out and it'll
match my beautiful help shit it looks
over pressed Mon all I want is a rainbow
Quinn oh wait I think I see something
fuck yeah
difficult I'm Way too excited about this
mmm this was aquamarine all right here
we go
aquamarine is it doing anything oh you
know what the problem is I'm not an
eight-year-old girl damn it one more
let's try four hot pink uh yeah I won't
show it up oh yeah I look like on my
meth all right all right I'm feeling
this hold on let me get a selfie all
right and last but not least is the one
I've been wanting to try all day a voice
changer
I think I need batteries hello hello
fuck yeah no batteries bitch I win
fuck the man you can be a robot you can
be an old man you can also be a monkey
and elephant or tiger wait what oh so
they all just sound like shit awesome
here's what we should do we should prank
phone call something and we'll see if
they say uh wait I don't know any monkey
old man who is this all right let's call
my mom although she knows a lot of
monkey old man I'm sure she'll be like
let me feel that banana though which one
should we do to my mom we could do an
old man to be like hey I saw you on
tinder what if my mom has a tinder it's
like right all right here we go Justin
and I spent $20 on this hold on let me
change it to a monkey show me what that
means
sounds like a flirt 13 elephant
love you
she got pranked no wonder my mom ignores
my calls well there you go I'm gonna
give this zero out of zero old monkeys
is there any I didn't try
they have Farrah Abraham on here let me
get that ere memories that went on me
I'm blowing I'm blowing on my body's
away oh hey guys go that was my first
episode of old man playing with kid toys
let me know down the comments what toy I
should play with next maybe I'll just
play with one toy in these videos I
don't know anything about kids toys so
this should be fun also give this video
a thumbs up and fucking share it on
Twitter and do all that shit right yes I
love you opieop Monday with me I'm
coming with you I'm gonna take off this
onesie and look at myself naked a mere
and crying it's exactly what it sounds
like when I cry take a lighter ha oh it
smells like vomit okay oh it tastes like
vomit too
