left her new Taylor CD so I decided to
put it on what's the worst that could
happen oh my god
what a sick oh hi welcome to my kitchen
this is where I spend most of my time
creating beautiful luxurious meals for
me and my acquaintances and by luxurious
meals I mean some protein powder and a
gingerbread house kit that I didn't make
but I just broke some of the walls in a
thin at midnight it's all about
presentation yeah
hey guys you're in my fucking kitchen
you're welcome you know what I have in
the drawers we're a civil war should be
batteries and a lighter you know if you
put this with this it makes one hell of
a suicide thing a suicide today I'm
going to be making something that I am
terrified personal goals
no but I'm terrified of those two poppy
kitchen that was called poppy kitchen
well whatever it is it's gross so I've
seen a lot of people make these on
YouTube and it's always really really
funny to watch because it takes forever
to make and then people try them and
they've on and I'm looking for a good
vomit you know what I mean I'm just in
the mood get rid of a couple of those
gingerbread walls you don't so here's
how this works it's like it makes little
food to see those little burgers you
make little burgers but I don't think
they taste like burgers I think they
taste like shit let's start making okay
I don't quite understand the design but
otherwise there's a car and two little
children under it I guess eating this is
kind of like getting hit by a car sounds
delicious oh no this is complicated this
is why I can't Easter oh okay how am I
gonna do this oh my god
I might need a switch up angles cuz I
think you gotta see what's happening Wow
my face is closed doesn't this make you
hungry alright so here's the fucking
packets of shit you know what let me
just read the directions oh they're all
in Japanese
perfect okay so first you cut oh okay so
this thing this thing you cut it now I'm
getting it you break this in half oh no
I need scissors and my scissors oh fuck
please my tea yeah yeah yeah you don't
know me all right that's gonna go
everywhere yeah okay so I think you just
put this shit in here oh oh it smells
like wrong right I guess we just put
some water in it that was too much and
then you just take your little all
scratcher and just mix it around
till it doesn't look like food yep that
looks like pimple puss
okay and now we have to put in the
microwave for little tree little man
doing yoga and little Queen hat minutes
so I'm gonna go with 10 seconds give it
a little sample taste no I hope I catch
my place on fire
it's cooking I'm cooking they're
supposed to be smoked right out ow
oh it burns that's fun all right so now
cut it into strips oh these are the
fries oh that's fun okay I think I just
flop it out
Hey look at me fries oh my god it's just
like an anorexic stream meal so you just
chop it into little fries hey yeah God
I'm a fucking genius I'm not gonna lie
I'm having a lot more fun than I thought
I would look at oh my god I made
something I'm so proud I'm gonna cry
alright so now what we're making the
patty the buns okay I'm just guessing
but I think this is patty cuz it's shit
color Oh patty everywhere patty over
work
alright so there's two patty then these
are the funds put some water in it this
is exactly what it's like to cook when
you're really poor mom can you make me
some more water burgers um no I put too
much water oh no oh this is bad that
looks right right that's the burger mmm
I want to eat it right now
well let's just put that in the
microwave and see what happens that
should turn out right
maybe being a chef is my new thing oh it
smells like it's burning oh it's smoking
oh no they're supposed to look like
blisters right let's just put it in
there a little longer I hear a flame
all right here we go they're ready oh it
smells wrong all right I'm out hey okay
that's not too bad
that's a burger right more of a
dingleberry but I'll take it all right
that's a little bun
all right this little bun I had some
issues but that's fine we can correct
that with plastic surgery all right
what's next oh cheese oh that's fun okay
oh wait no that was the cheese oh shit
I know this is the cheese here let's get
a closer view so you guys could really
see the deliciousness mmm YUM then I was
served all right so the cheese goes in
here little water let's mix that around
and it looks like phlegm oh yeah delish
no that's but that may be in the Mike oh
that's even closer all right see how the
cheese looks mmm looks cheesy all right
and last but not least we got to make
the ketchup which I'm assuming is this
I'm assuming you make it a Miss oh
there's a soda which one is the soda I
don't want to get that wrong okay
ketchup is red right that makes sense I
think with ketchup you just mix it in
with a little water
okay and now it looks like minstrel
blood mmm can't wait to get my fat in
back we'll just put that off to the side
all right I hope this note is good mmm
smells like chemicals but look it's
fizzing I hope it's supposed to do that
all right time to plate it only the best
plates for five beautiful meals
this one has flowers on it all right so
we just put the little bun let's put
this one on the bottom so it's less
visible and then you put a little patty
put a little cheese on that patty and
forget the ketchup Oh Oh God and then
just put the other butt on it
yeah fuck all right put the fries on
there I look good don't forget your Cola
you want to watch this baby down oh fuck
me honestly though this is kind of fancy
right it kind of looks like a man with
long bloody arms grabbing on to his kids
bones and the art all right here we go
I'm ready to taste my beautiful meal mmm
where do I start it all looks so good
I'll start with a fry I'll start easy
let me just dip it in that ketchup blood
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
I made a weapon oh this is what North
Korea is gonna feed us when the
interview comes out oh my god Oh moving
on
all right here's the burger Oh mmm
here we go oh ha oh it smells like vomit
okay oh it tastes like vomit - OH
hmm talk to my finger
hello I need a piece of a gingerbread
wall to wash this down ah thank you
Jesus
Oh can't forget about my soda pop Cheers
oh it burns yeah
oh why Oh what is wrong with Japan I'm
kidding but honestly white spots guy
that was me making that yep it looks the
same you trying to give this video a
thumbs up if you want me to do more of
these also leave me a comment telling me
what nother poppy kitchen nasty shit I
should make all right you guys help you
had fun cooking with me because I had
fun cooking and vomiting with you and
I'll see you tomorrow there was some
still on my hands fine do you shave oh
we get that personal we just met do you
show do you shiver shower that's like
the worst tinder date ever
