welcome to bomb.com well we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet
I heard there is a distinct possibility
I've just found my new favorite youtuber
Paul you gentleman who grew a Movember
mustache or even the ladies I'm looking
at you Kathy Bates from American Horror
Story
this can teaches you some of the best
ways to remove said mustache and it's
gonna be important to remove it before
December rolls around because you're
gonna be eating a lot of cookies and a
lot of big meals and you don't want
things to get stuck up in there I'll
just do a very little area here to
minimize the bald skin I'm gonna use my
homemade
but I'd like to thank all women for
going through so much pain since he gave
such great advice about removing
mustaches do you think you could help me
remove my third foot you know how your
parents always told you don't answer the
door for strangers well that was a
mistake they should have been telling
you don't answer the door to strangers
and cows no that is not a yo mama joke
get it together okay do you want to go
over with me how she got in here huh you
just let her in I know you did it was
probably the young girl who has a better
sense of style that I will ever have and
I'm wearing a flannel so I'm trying
looking at a cow just chilling in a
living room as somehow very satisfying
it's like an oversized dog just laying
around and waiting to be pet getting
fatter and fatter every day literally
goes on YouTube I mind that guns are
just fun toys today we have a little
thing it's no joke this thing is bigger
than I know just guys fingers all three
of us have two questions each where you
gonna ask it's gonna be a race person
that answers it wrong it gets shot with
this gunner here it's on one three it
looks like a big like black head like a
temple I'm not usually at all the type
of person to be like this is sending a
bad message and what are we teaching the
children but honestly what is he
thinking with this video I'm pretty
surprised that this video has not
already saved a lot more backlash you
know what's super fun and safe brutally
injuring yourself with what at the end
of the day is a form of weaponry for the
entertainment of a young audience so in
honor of the BB gun challenge I've
decided to invent a few
or new YouTube challenges is a large
challenge to people just keep draining
their blood pipe buy pint and the first
person to pass out loses the
knife-throwing challenge this one's made
for collabs
you continually throw knives at someone
until you hit a major artery and then in
the video on the other person's channel
you vlog the trip to the ER the Shh
eating challenge you don't want me to
describe this one but you'll definitely
click on it thank you so much for
watching this challenging episode of bob
calm hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you
enjoyed this episode remember to give a
thumbs up and head on over to you you've
got con special exes chizel to check out
my latest video here's a tiny tiny
preview so this is gonna be the immune
ups this is gonna this is you sure to
subscribe while you're over there and
you can also follow me on my social
media sites down in the description box
of this video question of the day as
viewers what are your thoughts on all
these crazy YouTube challenges
especially something as Extreme as a BB
gun challenge
