is my soulmate like I've got a make a
plain head then you guys yes I'm here
with simple woman and we are gonna do
some kind of a fun challenge I'm very
excited I'm totally said this has been
long overdue so long I did not know yet
a nose ring I do it's pretty it's not a
nose ring it's actually a mole oh my god
kidding nose ring for a second it's a
booger and I just called her on I just
clocked her powder and she's gonna be so
mad about it but it's not another pickle
Oh whisper challenge now I've done this
before but I did it with my mom who was
highly medicated so who knows what
happened but we're both sober so it's
gonna be a sober whisper challenge we
were supposed to be sober oh I'm sorry
damn it here let's let's give you a
stomach pump I can do a real realistic
vomit sounds I would I need to hear this
before we continue what up right it's
like I just threw up kind of makes you
hungry Lopez it makes my fake burp seem
so lame now yeah so I went and I said
hey guys what phrases should we say and
I just try to see what you yes I'm gonna
whisper something you're in trouble
because it's not smelling great okay all
right so I'm gonna plate go okay no idea
okay again Chloe cake Jewish do you
shave oh we get that person well we just
met do you show do you shiver shower
that's like the worst tinder date ever
how many cupcakes how many cupcakes do
you shows do you shove a bill pill PO
but Polly but Palm mouth Bob poopy but
close close close close um um fart the
bumble but black top but but yeah
we be all night Beyonce's grill
distracted ran out my and the answer is
okay this one's kind of hard Robert
Downey jr. nipple cream rumors travel
dated Robert Downey jr. nipple nipple
gay nipple
rubber okay yes Robert rubbers numbers
you rub your nipples every night yeah no
but yeah Robert Robert Downey Tony down
down down down in Downey rubber daddy
jr. nipple nipple cream yeah who are you
people
let's do one more let go all of my
attire I've been drinking watermelon I'm
playing my own game this is a hard one
yes Queen slave bitch hashtag Starbucks
skinny though I feel like a speaking
engagement yes
Thai guys hi guys yo monster ha ha
I'm Tyler okay Tyler slave yeah we Queen
slay Queen hashtag this is charades
basically Starbucks Starbucks skinny
sitting sis skinny skinny though low
love lo lo manthang close enough
it was Yas Queen slay hashtag Starbucks
skinny though what give me okay I'm
gonna give you to get here he comes to
Beyonce who I mean if we go play this
game I'm all about it
bah-bah ball Bill Cosby taste haystack
pineapple juice in your booty who told
you my toenails taste like ballerinas
bathroom bad prunes
what burgers whoo macaroons Oh macarons
these people are deranged I love it
Texas is sad dad is in my room call mom
Oh
pineapples there's a lot of pineapples
going on taste kids yes
Yas taste danced pineapple dance in my
I'm not gonna say what I think you just
said Oh
Shea kitchen kitchen yeah yeah
pineapples dance in my kitchen that
makes no sense yeah it makes all the
sense on Twitter all right last one here
we go
do you think Joey will be jealous that
you are talking in whispered tones mama
said do you think do you think Joey
Graceffa will marry me Joe will be
jealous that me and me and you are
talking and whisper tones a tone and now
they would even choose every single time
to vicious bad nobody else is wonderful
what this one
she's also seeing people on Twitter are
crazy Oh can my goat tickle your anus
see I would have nailed that one if you
whispered that to me because I remember
the first time I heard that oh I've
heard this one not a lot but you guys go
that was those two notes for challenge
if you want to or please actually know
I'm commanding you I'll go over to her
channel subscribe check it out we did
another whisper challenge where she's a
man
and the woman casual cutting up this
meeting with you subscribe and make sure
to leave a comment saying what you want
us to do next time because we're
probably gonna do this again on course
and Beyonce will definitely be involved
of course he gets up and everything I
never asked to pierce you I just want to
feel myself as I look so cool just wait
till they pierce your nipple you're not
going to see oh my god
