hey what's up guys and welcome back to
another episode of wonder fuck news
my name is destory and I look terrible
with a mustache told you I honestly look
like I own a van with tinted windows and
missing children inside of it not good
but this is what the fuck news we talked
about this shit crazy news that you
might have missed in the last week the
first thing that I wanna talk about
today is Kim Kardashian Kim Kardashian
being number one on my list of
celebrities that are famous for no
fucking reason is not in the news this
week for putting baby oil on her ass and
showing the world her tits no that was
last week but this week Kim is in the
news because she wanted to adopt an
orphan but couldn't because the orphan
didn't want to be adopted by Kim
Kardashian oh that's hard but I don't
blame her apparently 13 year old
Taiwanese girls simply did not want to
be in the public spotlight constantly
and did not want to call Kanye West for
Dad yeah that's pretty weird
that is just the biggest slap in the
face ever though this girl passed up
being a billionaire never having to
worry about money ever again to continue
being an orphan in an orphanage just so
that she didn't have to deal with their
shit Oh apparently no this wasn't the
full story and the girl wasn't actually
an orphan to begin with which is the
actual reason she didn't agree to be
adopted but I like the other story
better and more what the fuck news a
plumber was caught on camera dancing to
trans music instead of doing his job at
fitting radiators
that's amazing
this is exactly what I'd be doing though
if I had his job I just never get any
work done people would be like I'm on
Destin we gotta get some work done dude
stop
the fabulous plumber 52 year old market
opens in Scotland says it's not
something I would do all the time
because it can be disrespectful to do in
people's homes but this house was empty
some dogs the job can be stressful so
it's good to take the pressure off if
you can I tried to do a good Scottish
accent was not was not good at all
apparently he didn't know that he was
being filmed and was pretty embarrassed
to see the video online with 400,000
views in just a few days but then says
I'll admit that it was a bit
embarrassing at first but I suppose
that's what's funny about it and I can
see that now it's good to know that
people are laughing with me and not add
me well said definitely Scottish man I
love everything about this video except
for the fact that it's Satan's best
friend the vertically filmed video why
just why in crying what the fuck news
Colorado YouTube comedian was arrested
after he pointed a banana at a police
officer who thought it was a gun what
the fuck how could you mistake a banana
as a gun just really quick which one of
these pictures is a banana oh how did
you know studies indicate the 90% of
police officers get this test wrong
pretty soon you're gonna need a permit
to carry around bananas anyways the 27
year old Nathan Channing who told the
police officers after he was arrested
that he was a YouTube comedian faces up
to three years in jail for this with the
officer saying based on training and
experience I've seen handguns and many
shapes and colors and perceive this to
be a handgun yeah separates a fucking
banana better watch out officer this man
is armed with potassium oh no what the
fuck and finally in some movie news
about janilla movie trailers have been
released over the last week including a
trailer of the new Terminator Genisys
with Arnold Schwarzenegger who honestly
at this point looks like a bag of bones
because of how fucking old he is
then the trailer for the new Peter Pan
movie called Pan was released showing
off the awesome Hugh Jackman as black
beard and the trailer for Jurassic world
was released which more or less looks
like the same fucking story of the first
three movies let's open a paw Oh No
was a bad idea look at all these dead
people why do we keep opening pots with
dangerous animals is the summary of all
the Jurassic Park movies and then
finally the teaser for Star Wars Episode
seven was released which looks like this
the dogs side
all of this looks amazing
except what the fuck is this thing that
looks like a nice way to chop your hand
off if I've ever seen one apparently the
weird lightsaber was in the original
books which I guess makes sense but fuck
that looks so dull I just wish they
would have done something cool like the
inquisitors lightsaber from Star Wars
rebels Oh
God did that feels grand what's that you
don't oh you don't care oh sorry sorry
guess I'll stop hurting out now my bad
anyways though this has been what the
fuck news and my question of the day for
you guys is if Kim Kardashian tried to
adopt you what would you say leave those
in the comments down below all of
today's stories as always are in the
description below as well as all of my
links like my Instagram Facebook in
Twitter before you guys go make sure to
check out my newest video on my channel
where I talk about 10 things that I'm
thankful zoom number one I am absolutely
grateful for my wonderful family my
three kids um they're just fantastic I'm
just kidding I don't have kids my great
great grandpa who is awesome he's so fun
to hang out with I'm just kidding he's
dead wow that video looks terrific I'm
definitely gonna go subscribe says no
one ever anyways I will see you next
week for another was the fuck yous and
Fairwinds
