I listen when I'm hurting her ballads
are everything I'm never lonely
like she's my uh-huh there's other guys
yes I'm in my car and yes my hair is not
good I just went to the gym and now I'm
on my way to a meeting and I haven't
showered which is why it's a well it's
this and also why this is this and why
my armpits smell like cheese I also
wondering why I'm sitting in the
passenger seat
well because Lisa's driving you are a
great driver oh well you're wet already
oh I haven't even shown you my dance
moves yet you love what I do that no I'm
actually sitting in the passenger seat
because I'm killing time cuz I always
shoved everything way too early I don't
know why I think it's like a fat kid
thing like I would always like leave my
house two hours early when I was back
cuz I was like okay well I'll go early
because what if their stairs and then
the stairs take forever to climb and
then what if I pass a Cheesecake Factory
and like I can't back to this factory
without pick it up a cheesecake and then
what happens if I trip or if I slip on a
banana peel which you think would only
happen in cartoons but nope it happens
in real life especially to fat people
what happens if I pass a grocery store
and they have go-gurt on sale and I'm
like gogurts on sale I love go-gurt so I
would always leave early so now I'm just
killing time in my car but I'm sitting
in the passenger seat because I don't
want people to think I'm leaving cuz I
don't want them to get angry and honk at
me so I'm just sitting here pretending
like I'm waiting for my mom to come out
of the store I wonder if she's gonna
bring me go-gurt anyways my mom never
brought me Gogarty s she said it was for
rich people because it was fifteen cents
higher than normal yogurt I'm just
airing out all my dirty laundry aren't I
speaking of dirty laundry yes I'm dirty
now I'm getting a haircut tomorrow and I
saw some comments being like Shane your
hair looks stupid we hate you and that
was summed up three hundred times so
thanks guys
love you too so happy you're loving my
content so glad you're commenting about
my videos and not about my looks now I'm
kidding keep commenting about my looks I
really love looking at it crying and
then going to the gym I'm telling my
trainer to work harder for me was I
talking about haircut yeah I'm getting
my haircut I mean I don't know I'm gonna
do something a little different this
time that's a line we'd do the same
thing but I want to experiment cuz now I
have enough hair to like experiment with
you know what I mean I get to kind of do
whatever I want so good maybe do
something different maybe diet pink who
knows that's another lie umm I smashed
my sweater that's gay I like it yes I'm
gonna go to the meeting and then I'm
gonna come back out and tell you guys
how it went
I'm very
sighted about it I also if you haven't
noticed in drinking caffeine
I got a large hey I should have got a
small but I didn't ah my heart's gonna
stop I'm going to world market just
keeping you updated just letting you
guys know what's happening it's a really
exciting life oh I'm in that scene on TV
section again actually I don't think
this is a scene on TV I think this is
just shitty crap nobody wants except for
me cuz it's already in my basket I made
it I'm in the bathroom this Donnie cash
now also I brought in all my stuff also
I got a lot of stuff I got about 10
videos worth of stuff I got Japanese
candy which I'm gonna do a video on I
got a bunch of shitty kids products and
then I got you know sugar cookies so
that just for me
those are a raincheck in here with the
way my pee stream is you're gonna made
it everywhere okay Lisa just put corny
in a new sweater and I haven't seen it
yet and she's gonna reveal it for the
first time and you guys are hearing the
voice I use when I talk to Kourtney and
I didn't mean to do it
alright ready oh my yeah what is that
she an L yeah she happy
oh are you happy about it oh she didn't
kill herself oh hey guess what we're
gonna do eat crackers no that's what
you're gonna do and you're gonna get a
bloated stomach they're gonna complain
and then you're gonna fart that I'm
gonna leave
no they're gluten free we're gonna get
piercings I already have so many I
haven't seen any that's cuz you've never
seen me naked that's true I like to help
you with clothes dry humping dry humping
that's what we should do
that's our video I mean check out we're
dry humping I'm eating it's fun right no
feed me too I hate it oh those are gross
I'm kidding I love it I'm telling myself
it's gross so I don't over eat it man
cries so yeah we're gonna pierce each
other I don't know how we're gonna do it
but we're gonna do it you get a pick
four places on me that you're gonna
pierce and I'm gonna pick four places on
you the I get appears okay ball sack one
ball sack to asshole one asshole - yes -
assholes nose was telling me that I
don't tell him about your two clits
yeah we're in the bathroom just in case
it gets bloody which for me it usually
does welcome to Shane's piercing parlor
alright so the first one is obvious
gonna do
that's nowt of yours I don't trust you
is more of this story can I actually put
it in your skin yeah I think so right
what the fuck I'm trying put your nose
in it yeah you know people like make
punk edits
okay it's like in real life wait we
don't you oh I got some milk
alright so we can milk dear I rap I'm
scary cuz my eyebrows are sensitive
they're also large thank you ah oh wow
whoa you look like you should be on the
rig overhaul I can't show any emotions
cuz it'll fly off it's like I got Botox
oh oh oh my god
and with you my skin it hurt okay you
got to put it somewhere else
I can't imagine you two actually getting
on I'm pretty cool oh you would cry for
me son I do when I try hump oh if I look
like this for you and like well I think
that was clearly yeah I'm gonna pierce
your eyes shut
alright ready I'm under your cheek you
look dirty with that thing in your mouth
like hurt meat is it also because I
didn't show ya no I'll do the middle of
your lip it'll be cool okay yeah I'm
gross I'm not really feeling that look
okay I'm gonna do your nipple now what
you know they're sensitive know you love
squeezing your nipple so now it's my
turn that's true you'll you'll pierce it
and hustle come out can't wait I know
what you fuckers want nobody wants that
oh man you get the Puscifer no fuck oh
oh is this gonna work I don't know
actually
you're so buff I actually cannot there's
no skin tip I know
have you ever pierced a pepperoni oh
right serious yeah now please lick it
fresh okay you put your own nipple ring
on Oh fine god you're so bad at this I
never asked to pierce you I just want to
feel myself because I look so cool just
wait til if you're sure nipple see oh my
god
some people say on the sled just cuz
that pierce mine it'll be really really
funny I think you don't know me shit
like you can even see it under my
sweatshirt
who was it rip haha alright let's just
do one more than I'm gonna do it on your
foot sure baby tell me bathtub ok ok
here we go oh that you didn't pierce
that you will show it ow I think I just
put it in your mouth it's in you I'm
gonna have to poop it out later wait one
more one more
Oh baby's first Oh
so proud of you do you know who we are
now the saddest family ever you or is
all that was my vlog today kids with
decent yeah oh I heard it feel weird
oh my guys go that's my follow around
blog today question of the day um how
cool do we live where would you pierce
it if you got a piercing also other
questions do you like follow around
vlogs should I do them more if you want
I'll will and then there's a butt hair
on it oh my god I think you're right and
then third question I love you
survivor Bethenny learn anything but
guess what you keep throwing them off
both your pictures gonna break bitch and
I'll let bitch on silence go be smoking
that shit up mm-hmm
Wow milk mustache you seem very upset
milk mustache
