my girlfriend got into my car
don't leave a listen to her new CD what
the fuck are you smoking do I look 14
pairs of you guys okay so today I wanted
to say a little bit fun and stupid and
different I had been watching a lot of
RuPaul's Drag Race because I was sick
the other day so I literally watched an
entire season and I learned a lot about
drag queens I learned a lot about the
way they speak a lot of terms that they
use and literally I was in the shower
today and I became a drag queen I
couldn't stop talking like them I was
fucking clocking bitches leptin right I
was brushing my teeth I was shaving I
was yelling another fuck is that weren't
even there it got really intense I was
having a full-on fight with an invisible
directly and then I was like you know
what I'm just going to try this with you
guys I got it okay here's what I'll do
this is I'm a scam prophetess just
because I want to see if I can actually
be coming directly okay okay so jump off
a roof I'll stand in front of me she's
right here she's you um and then I got
to drag wings on the sides and we're up
for elimination and then I'm already
trying to attract me and then a double
fat um and then what's my name
my name is milk mustache yeah like that
I'm milk mustache I'm really glamorous
and they hate me
okay ladies tell me why you should stay
and the other should go oh I don't know
rule okay I don't want to rule in your
day okay because I got a lot to say
bitch and I don't really know if I too
much want to start milk mustache what's
wrong
tell me hunty I don't know room okay I
don't know bitch you want me to read
these motherfuckers bitch but honestly
bitch there's too much to read okay and
I'm illiterate I don't even graduate
bitch and these bitches are giving me a
thousand pages each okay the whole
trilogy mm-hmm I mean I can crack out my
weaving glasses and give it a try bitch
but I'm gonna be stumbling I'm gonna be
stumbling okay I'll start with this
bitch first of all this bitch you need
to slum your raw honey
okay you need to treat this like a
motherfucking Special Olympics bitch
okay because I am in the front of the
line bitch and you as don't
okay I'm sipping my Gatorade bitch you
even know where the fuck you is okay mm
slow it down and then this bitch on my
live figure she's movin kool-aid okay
what she really is the kool-aid man
bitch busting through the walls and on
the fuck out of people huh hmm hmm shit
I think you know what Vistage this cool
a bitch be throwing motherfucking rocks
at this other cool a bitch okay but
guess what bitch you keep throwing them
around both your pictures gonna break
bitch and I'll let bitch on sound could
be smoking a shit up mm-hmm
Wow milk mustache you seem very upset
milk mustache tell me why do you deserve
to be here
roo-roo I either work in a very careless
and I had a lot of drama going on bitch
you woulda thought I was living in the
motherfucking Lifetime movie bitch but
it wasn't it was my life and when I
would put on my wigs and I would run
around the house and I would put a
lampshade on my motherfuckin head about
that would see me you say faggot why you
gonna let shit on your mother head and I
say daddy you know daddy you and my mom
won't come out she said what the hell
you doing with that lampshade on your
head boy and I say I'm lighting up the
world my i'ma lighting up the BAM world
and she said well you better because our
electricity bills bitch they'd be done
they done okay we expire okay we got no
life we prepare a portrait but then I
moved to Hollywood and I saw my future
bitch I my future was bright the whole
world was not lampshade bitch and I was
gonna put that motherfucker on my head
and now I'm here and I'm not here for me
and I'm not here for these two
motherfucker
fat ass bitches I mean from all the
little children that are watching they
want to put a man shit on their head I
want to be that lampshade rule I want to
be that lampshade that these children be
putting on their heads bitch and they be
confident because they know that when
they put no mustache something heavy
they can show the world what they made
up and honestly I am just so much better
than these fat bitches like you look at
them room look at this one room so
that's all I have to say room thank you
so much follow me on twitter at myth
mustache Wow nope mustache that was
amazing
the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race is
little mustache oh well I really got
into it look at guys go that speech
channeling trickling oh and I'm real
stupid that's fun leave a comment
telling me what's your favorite drag
queen term mine is clocking bitches
there's a lot of there's throwing shade
there's what's the tea there's a Reading
Is Fundamental there's a lot of them
don't you guys hope you have fun with me
happening with you
go see you drag clean smile white all
right let's try to play this game one
more time the sound is gone I don't know
why clearly not working I really I don't
oh oh my god
