hey guys today we're going to be taking
another trip onto the weird side of
YouTube and I am so excited because
today we're gonna be talking about
something I've been fascinated with for
years
we're gonna be talking about real-life
vampires that you heard me right these
are people who consider themselves
vampires they drink blood
I think they don't go outside people
make fun of them and think that they are
crazy and I relate to two out of three
of those so first we're going to be
watching some real-life vampire videos
and reacting to them let's do this
I drink human blood as much as I can
mine's mayonnaise I have a lot of
thoughts but let's keep watching there
is definitely a difference between
drinking a man's blood uh no females but
a man's blood to me has always been
thicker in some way me Michelle's
preferred way to consume human blood is
straight from her donor I always make
sure it's from somebody that I'm close
to that's good like do you see somebody
walking down the street you're like damn
I bet that blood is don't come to my
main grade because bitch I'm giving you
that thickness oh god oh my god my stuff
the pain doesn't really get to me I'm
pretty used to it you know maybe they
look at my hate comments I'm more
focused on the aftermath err
during you know the prod of the process
of you know the feeding if you know that
made my asshole clenched let me by the
way just say I'm not judging I am all
about people doing whatever the fuck
they want oh my god
vampires went on Tyra I'm ready so you
drink people's blood correct right how
do you get the blood from people okay
the blood is pulled from the vein of
course what they Lancet usually hook
that's me no like I need oh that's it
okay yeah that's usually timers like
okay good cuz like I'm on my period
right now and like the flow is heavy so
just know this buffet is not for you
okay this guy's name is Logan South who
is probably the most famous real-life
vampire to check it out hi everyone my
name is Logan south and I am the eyes
are making me feel things this is also
giving me flashbacks to when I used to
shop at Hot Topic number five do you
drink blood
yeah sometimes there are actually a few
different ways of feeding I do have a
donor whenever they say eating something
in my body like shrivels up maybe
because I know I'm food like I'm afraid
to go around these people because
they're gonna look at me like I'm like
I'm walking big back to them
the first and foremost is what we're all
familiar with why did that turn me on
does he have a girlfriend is he like
single what's the situation
away I think he's married this is called
a royal wedding oh man
bitch yes ah
yeah Wow why did you come into this yes
turn the corner killing it
Oh bitch gasps oh that's pretty
oh that's a big-ass house why aren't
there fire is richer than me is it
because my videos suck I hate myself
what
you're gonna give me the lead up to you
guys walking into a bedroom looking like
damn Tim Burton characters come to life
and then you're gonna say to be
continued well I want more
Logan south so I actually reached out to
Logan and I said hey you want to be in
my video and talk to me about your life
as a vampire and he said yes so here you
go here is my interview with a vampire
okay guys I am here with Logan and Daly
the vampires oh my god hi okay I have a
lot of questions first I don't want you
guys to just explain exactly what you
are you say you're vampires does that
mean you're really vampires is it more
like a lifestyle or cosplay lifestyle
quest Joyce and cosplay you know that's
more costuming and stuff like that but
not as far as being a vampire that is
something that is innate what a vampire
is some of the requires an external
source of human energy so would you say
you were born a vampire is this
something that you realized at a certain
point in your life so I believe that it
can be passed down from parent to child
but it is also something that you come
to understand in the process that we
call awakening wait okay so you're
sitting there and you're just like the
normal kid he's like I don't like going
outside I don't like the Sun I kind of
like blood and then you have another
wait giving so what does that feel like
constantly feeling thirsty and had
anything to drink in days and I would
just choke down as possible order and
nothing was replenishing that and I was
no longer able to go out in the Sun like
I used to for me I was actually
discovered by a coven of vampires now in
high school and they came up and said
how do you been experiencing these
things and I said yeah so they explained
it and you just clicked in my head but
it goes throughout your life you're
constantly learning about yourself
I learned to feed what originally now I
have learned multiple paths from feeding
so I can feed from energy
sexual energy from a room for ambient
seating okay
feeding I'm obsessed with this so you
talk about getting your sources from
different places one of them is blood
how do you get it on a regular basis you
have to find somebody is there like a
tinder for blood like how does that work
first of all you find a donor that you
can stream that you can access to the
you get a full blood work done on a
whole panel writing nice
we have donors that we we have a screen
that are important to us that we share
to the bonds of relationships with so
you find your donor and then is there
like a ceremony do you guys like just
hang out watch Big Brother and then like
say let's now question about you said
it's not a lifestyle and you don't like
that word but there are going to be a
lot of people watching that are gonna be
like super into it and intrigued and
want to like try it out for themselves
how do you go about that is that
offensive to you if I try to be a
vampire for a day is that what the
vampire like stuff as long as people
understand that there are two different
things where vampires to do both but are
actually vampires and little vampire
lifestyle we do that and there's people
there vampires that wear a t-shirt jeans
and rock at the corner store like the
two are not the same can I see the
context can I see the fangs can I trust
when I see you I take the exact color
and shade using professional great
dental acrylic and I know things like
your venture that too yellow would
happen to them very real and they smile
on right over your natural teeth please
see if I can lean in nice and close for
you oh my god Wow oh yeah yeah get in
here girl yeah so okay question about
your guys's relationship when I was
watching your videos earlier without
sounding creepier perverted like all I
wanted was to see you guys have sex so
have you ever thought about a sex tape
and is there like a sexual side to this
vampire world and how do I get involved
I wasn't saying that the members is
itself a inherently sexual thing but for
some those who take sexual energy it
absolutely can be you know as it turns
out yes we actually run a fetish club
here in Austin Texas called BAM suddenly
I have tickets to Austin two-story club
with black and gold and chandeliers and
stripper poles and private rooms and
it's BYOB you gotta bring your own bring
your own way we don't serve any liquor
on premises never play a play rooms
upstairs that people can engage in
whatever illicit activities they've
decided on that month and we have you
know all the four medias and furniture
and such so st. Andrew's cross if you
really wanna get strapped up there
that's in front of like other vampires
and they're just booked wait what well
sure yeah it's a fetish club this is the
kind of thing that happens in a fetish
club people have sex people like a lot
of the people I sorry I'm clearing my
schedule I'm clearing my calendar I'm
more of a serious note do you get me fun
off like when you're walking around town
or are you well-known so people don't
really make fun of you
I haven't raid that other people that I
don't know have had that experience I
feel the best that's inherently wrong we
don't usually have that happen I had a
lot of people that respond to me with
fear and in a lot of cases that's
because I want them to because there are
some people that I don't want to be
talking with some people that I can see
you're inherently rude or bigoted or
racist or transphobic or homophobic and
I want that person to go away right and
so I'll turn on that little extra thing
that I have to make them lots of how do
I incorporate that into my life because
that would be great huh another thing is
we also do a lot of
a charity organization we volunteer at
the children's hospitals and the food
bank so it takes away that extra
reasoning that people have to bully or
to make fun or to be rude well thank you
guys for talking to me I feel like this
hasn't shed some light I'll go no but I
think this is really cool and
interesting and hopefully this opens up
people's minds a little bit and it's not
a lifestyle but if you're into it you
can kind of join the lifestyle right oh
wait you stopped everybody well perfect
I will book my ticket to Austin today
okay so even though Logan and Daly said
that being a vampire is not like
something you choose and it's not really
a lifestyle I still want to try it so
I'm gonna force Riley to do it with me
and we're gonna be the new king and
queen of the vampires okay so I thought
it would be fun if we tried to be a
vampire couple because I feel like we
have a lot of vampire qualities like for
instance I never go outside I fucking
suck and also he literally has fangs
like those are real Halloween stores are
shut so I have a bunch of stuff here
that we are going to try out for a new
vampire in life babar Hall creepy music
now okay so first I have a top hat which
I feel like is really fashionable and
will also distract people from my face
perfect okay so for you I got this
costume it was the gayest one I could
find
honestly I'm into it I feel like I'm
gonna be serving a look
yeah no you're really gonna suck in this
oh my god you're gonna suck my dick no
this is mine I got the guy who looks
like Michael Jackson also here's a
little bit of blood on his shirt because
he's a messy eater and it says one size
fits most so I probably won't fit I also
got this like black vampire fan because
I felt like I'm gonna be a shady vampire
oh you think I'm the suckiest youtuber
obviously you've never been to VidCon I
also got the dog a costume and the cat a
costume
um I don't think this is gonna go well
but they're definitely gonna bite me in
for him suck my blood so we are going to
transform into vampires let's run down
at the outfit first of all the Hat is
killing it does not fit my New Jersey
the shirt is quite revealing you can
tell I never go outside by the color of
my white skin but I'm kind of feeling
this panic at the disco jacket like my
Wikipedia bio just went from by to gay
now let's get your look you look like an
actual predator who is going to go to
Hot Topic and show people your balls
also I love that like my house already
has vampire decor well except for him
give like your best vampire mating call
that honestly was everything like my
dead white dick just came alive so I
don't have things so I bought these but
they were too complicated to figure out
so I'm going to try to put them in my
mouth using a glue stick so I guess what
I'll do is just take the glue stick I
got it cut works when your dollars
through a vampire huh oh my god hey
don't get your clothes they're really
showing how yellow my other teeth are I
love this
it's giving me a lisp okay so now that
we have our fangs and I outfit it's time
to try some blood
something I got on the Internet this is
the vial of blood now supposedly whether
they have a live but the publicly that
tastes just like blood but it's not
actual what are you ready yeah so let's
just crack this baby open I want to kind
of feel it how it actually look oh my oh
my god actually it does taste like blood
the sweet and salty like you know when
if you cut yourself okay in my Twitter
saying oh if you cut yourself it's a
little bit salty but this has a hint of
sweet but it does taste like blood
okay me when I'm like a fucking blood
review channel sweet involved a - oh
wait no I won't put her on you may be
the porno on your neck sexy music now
one solid lick okay
that's my new single okay that yeah that
tastes like blood I tasted my own blood
a lot I need to get post of a thing
that's kind of fun like honestly
honestly the blood it not that bad have
you ever fucked on Kenny
no okay let you work for as a kid but
out of the kid I would get bored so then
I would take penny and I uh we're very
different no one can relate wait we
gotta let me put the animal copy move on
we need the rest of our squad Oh
oh my god in a terrific cuz he really
bites me all right you're gonna put on
new no come on cheeto
oh my wait you think it is top hat okay
Oh
we are taking a family portrait now
bitch
come on so the whole family oh my god
happy birthday oh wow how did he magic
guys go oh you enjoyed watching me
explore new lifestyle in general I just
want to say I find this stuff really
cool like I don't want to look like I'm
hating on it making fun of it I get it
and I think it's kind of cool to might
be involved in a community of people who
you relate to and you can you know just
kill them so what does that mean when I
was trying to say before my pets tried
to leave the earth was that I think that
we should not be judging people based on
what they do in their free time or how
they express themselves or our community
that they consider themselves a part of
and that's part of the reason why I like
doing this series and I think it's
really cool so goats then Logan some
love and let me know in the comments
what lifestyle or weird side of YouTube
I should explore next all right you guys
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and you want more also
make sure to subscribe to my channel
right down below get the notification
because I make new videos and if you
want to see on my other weird side of
YouTube videos I did one where I talk to
a furry and adult baby and I even tried
out ASMR I'll put a link to a playlist
right at the top description below
alright little vampires I will see you
tomorrow keep sucking
