hey it was of you guys okay this is a
scary episode today which is why my
camera's slightly tilted and why it's
kind of dark in here that's a lie I
can't find my tripod and my light broke
so this is what you get but it works
because today we're going to be playing
a game called five nights of Freddie
part two now I haven't played part one
but from the thumbnail
I'm guessing it's about some kind of a
bear on crack so I can't wait
also I couldn't figure out how to record
my screen on my phone so I'm just gonna
narrate what's going on and you guys can
just guess Beauty pie is so much better
than me
oh god it's a lot of animals staring at
me they do not look happy they look
slightly stoned Oh God twelve a.m. first
night okay it's like paranormal activity
what stuffed animals touch you
oh the phone's ringing do I answer it
hello crap beer okay I just turned him
off because in a really boring voice he
had a good voice for like sad phone sex
you know I mean where's the Bears okay
it's showing me this which I'm assuming
who has hidden cameras whoo I wanna get
these installed in my place see what the
maids are doing I don't have maids so it
would just be me and I'm masturbating a
lot okay all the party rooms look
exactly like the parties I went to when
I was a kid
empty oh that's literally my birthday
party no one there a sad clown no food
cuz I ate it all it's already 1:00 a.m.
why is time going by so fast
am I on crack the bear give me crack ah
oh God
what is happening I think I'm inside of
the bear oh I think the bear has asthma
a lot of allergies out in the woods it's
already 2:00 a.m. okay honestly I don't
know what's happening time is going by
very fast I'm inside of a bear this
office looks like the abandoned set of
the sweet life oh no it's telling you
something bad is gonna happen
now I'm getting a call from somebody
with no caller ID it's part of the game
oh my I'm scared I'm scared I want to
answer it okay now I'm fucking scared
see if they leave a message now the
sound is gone ah I hate this game yeah
oh there's a baby I mean but there
wasn't oh my god
kind of through my phone my fucking dog
the scariest thing ever they left a
voicemail you have an unknown voicemail
oh my god from Universal City Nissan
right now you should have received a
letter and as in our desire to buy knock
your current vehicle Nissan alright it's
not as scary as I thought it was gonna
be although my car did get recalled and
it could blow up at any minute but who
needs life right alright let's try to
play this game one more time the sound
is gone I don't know why clearly not
working I really I don't
oh my god oh I was not expecting that
okay so some kind of a blue bear thing
it flew at me and I don't get scared by
stuff like this that scared the shit out
of me I don't know if it was the dog
mixed with Nissan calling me mixed with
the fact that the sound stopped working
was that part of the game leave me a
comment never one explain this game to
me I don't know the fuck it is
number two explain what just happened
did I fall for it is this a prank this
is not a real game was it a prank did I
just fall for a prank what just happened
and number three why did I pay three
dollars for this probably can't answer
that
alright guys Larry go that was me
playing we're trying to play five nights
at Freddy's five nights of I don't
fucking know I'm deleting it boom it's
gone as you guys have yeah hey with me
I'm familiar with you I'm fucking scared
I'm gonna go just pee myself bye ha did
I get you no just me I'm just the scared
bitch alright good bye let's see what
happens when I type in gay yep
Oh God okay there's some penises in here
I'm gonna blur them out but they are not
mine I think that one has an infection
