hey what's up you guys okay today I'm
going to be doing something that I do
not want to do I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
face my fear I am going to Google myself
now I've seen a lot of youtubers do this
um and it never ends well it always ends
with them questioning their existence
so I already questioned my existence on
a daily so let's do it again alright
here we go okay I'm nervous
alright so first we're just gonna type
in Shane okay Shane Dawson she not some
movie she doesn't Witter okay that's not
bad so far Dawson let's try is married
and dead
where's gay Google you let me down Shane
Dawson has a baby cancer a boyfriend
Lady gaga
I do actually have Lady gaga she's in my
basement I put her in there after artpop
has a all right well let's see what
happens when I type has cancer oh my god
is this I'm gonna find out that I'm
dying
let's see Shane Dawson's mom passed away
what Shane Dawson was diagnosed with
cancer no Shane does not have cancer
okay good
was his answer helpful to you yes it was
all right so when you google me okay a
bunch of annoying pictures of myself
come up YouTube alright pretty normal
now let's look at the images oh god
that's a lot of my face my insecure here
oh wow is it that a parent that I hate
myself why is this pedophile trying to
take a selfie with me even my dog hates
me tell him you don't hate me
the silence is brutal don't kill
yourself they really know my demons oh
my god oh my god okay this is a bit this
is back when I got headshots when I was
like 18 and the my agent who is not a
real agent was like oh we need an emo
look I was like yeah okay I mean this is
horrible look how greasy my hair is Oh
gross it look like I just put it up a
turkey vagina and then look at the
fucking oh the suspenders Hot Topic
threw up all over me oh that's my other
one that was me trying to be sexy didn't
work Hey look I have a Pokemon card
what's my power not killing myself this
actually is not my orgasm face my orgasm
face is a little bit more like this are
you done yet
cuz I am oh my god oh the before and
after picture from Hell I'm not gonna
lie that that hairy beautiful I
literally look like a stray dog a stray
dog that somebody put a jacket on oh my
god this is my very first headshot ever
I was in a park with this woman who said
she was a photographer I don't think she
was I'm pretty sure I met her on Craig
list pretty sure she took advantage of
me afterwards either way this is me
trying to be like Disney Channel and it
just looks like a horse licked my head
so that all my hair would go to that
side and I look like full-on woman
needless to say I didn't get any jobs
yeah I did karate fuck you alright let's
try another one
Shane Dawson haircut not cool quotes
short hair glasses gaming let's see what
happens when I type in gay yep Oh God
okay there's some penises in here I'm
gonna blur them out but they are not
mine I think that one has an infection I
have kissed a lot of men honestly I
don't know when you see it you'll shit a
brick what am I looking for no
skateboarding no bicycle riding or
rollerblading no scooter writing what am
I looking for question of the day what
the hell am I supposed to be looking for
I don't see anything I just see a sad
man and a wig trying to be funny is this
a mirror oh my god can I kill him a fire
these are the kind of pictures that can
get me arrested I am NOT your boyfriend
you are not 18 yet I need to be your
secret lover that's what my shirt should
say I don't understand what happened
here I think to me Lovato beat me up or
Lady Gaga B both of us up probably that
America fuck yeah oh my god that was my
first myspace background I don't
understand it I'm not a musician I'm not
a magician but I look like a gay
magician musician what comes flats
friend me let's try another one is Shane
Dawson married rich dating one related
to the Lexus jeez all coming to
Pittsburgh these are extremely random I
want to see what related to a Lexus
cheese all yeah we both don't give a
fuck about our appearance we must be
related wait what is this Allie Simpson
and Madison something are both 15 and so
are Alex's and Trevor so don't ever
think you need to act a certain way we
want that girl's 15 that's a real
housewife that's not possible
is that Ruthie from seventh heaven are
they together what is happening is that
Trish that's Trish and bethany mota
yeah I met Joey Fatone jealous all right
one more thing how about Shane Dawson
sucks hey didn't pop up ha how did that
not pop up oh there's a whole Facebook
dedicated to it they don't post much I'm
not impressed why the heck is Shane
Dawson popular Shane Dawson is the gay
dude from YouTube every single video he
uploads ends up on the YouTube homepage
update I got nothing against shooting to
us in his videos just suck thank you
thank you for the update I don't think
he's funny at all because he sold out
blah blah blah sold out that was five
years ago
shut up I don't like it sense of humor
don't like his hair his voice everything
all right well I was a great way to end
this thing I'm gonna go kill myself now
I'm kidding
let's just Google puppies oh oh oh no
one's in a sweater
oh it's yelling that one has a body like
mine oh I don't know what happened to
those those aren't right something about
that isn't right all right guys go that
was me googling myself never gonna do
that again
Matt you guys hope you have fun hang
with me - hang with you and I'll see you
tomorrow huh Google ah the devil my god
and then your close friends are your
branches and then the friends who you
have and then they kind of fall away
every few years those are the leaves and
they don't fully go away they just fall
off the branch and they kind of chill in
the front yard and they become more like
acquaintances and then everybody else is
like across the street girl like who's
that I don't even I can't even see you I
got to get binoculars
