well I look like shit whoa
that's not even is that me oh that's me
baby that's me oh let's look at a dog
let's look at something cute for a
minute yeah that's better
hey what are you guys um I mean listen I
fucking try you know I fuck that's a lie
I don't try look at that what it's
clearly a wig everybody um hey guys so
it is the after Thanksgiving and uh
maybe not when you're watching this but
I wanted to make one of these chatty
taki videos where I talk about you know
something real with no editing and today
I decided to talk about friendships and
and just what they are that makes no
sense but you know what neither does
life so let's grab a cup of honesty and
start sipping so um first let me keep
you up to date on my Thanksgiving so it
was horrible moving on I'm kidding
Thanksgiving was awesome we went to El
Torito now listen if you want to know
what's more depressing than turkeys
being slaughtered along with her Indian
friends by the pilgrims um go to El
Torito for Thanksgiving you walk in and
it smells like tears you're the only
person there because well there's two
homeless people that are there for
shelter and then there's one family most
likely just suffered a loss somebody's
dead and they're sad about it and then
you go to the buffet where the woman
who's making tortillas has a - you're
rolling down her face because she's
making tortillas instead of being at
home with her family and then you go
into the bathroom and every toilet is
plugged
because they made all the food
Thanksgiving II but also Mexican II so
there was a lot of gravy cheese and not
show stuffing it was not great
but you know what was great conversation
which we had with my family most of
which involved farts and penises so that
was one that was my Thanksgiving um
moving on so today's video I wanted to
talk about friendships I get a lot of
comments um you know because I do daily
vlogs or you know a lot of the times to
do more but I was always vlogging around
people and then and then I get a lot of
comments like oh what happened to this
person will happen to this person oh are
you not friends with this person anymore
where'd this person go and then they try
to create drama out of it oh you must
have got to a fight with this person
this person cheated on this person and
this and it's always you know usually
never real sometimes extremely real and
you guys are really accurate and I'm
like how the fuck did you know that did
you hack my eyesight but for the most
part it's just fake so I just kind of
wanted to talk about my experience with
friendships and maybe you guys can
relate a little bit um so I uh up until
about a year ago
two years ago I was surrounding myself
with a lot of people um I was never well
let me back up when I was a kid I never
had friends I had one I would always
have one friend for a long life for like
a few years at a time and then you know
they would move or I would move or or we
would start to be interested in
different things like they would be
interested in being cool and popular and
I would be interested in eating peanut
butter out of a jar so that was kind of
how that happened then I would just hang
out my mom a lot around high school is
when I kind of started to have a little
group of friends you know I had that
maybe five friends and we would hang out
on the weekends and you know we didn't
drink we didn't party we just kind of
made videos and went to Denny's and ate
a lot of honey mustard and ranch
dressing on everything but then you know
you graduate and those people want to go
and go to college and drink and
experiment and suck dick and do all that
stuff and I was just kind of like oh I
don't want to do that so then you know
you stopped talking to those people and
you just befriend them on Facebook and
you stalk them and see what their life
is like so then um after high school I
kind of had one friend one two two
friends for a while and then YouTube
came around so then I was thrown into
this you know world of having all these
youtuber friends but the but the
different you know what it is okay if
any of you have jobs it's kind of like
say you work a cold stone and you have
all your beer your people that work a
cold stone with you and you know
somebody puts a tip in the jar you all
have to sing and then after they leave
you're like fuck you for putting that
tip in the jar fuck you I didn't want to
sing and then you laugh and then you
have fun and stuff but then after work
is over you leave and you go see your
other friends your real friends well
when you're a youtuber your youtuber
friends are kind of like your Coldstone
buddies it's this weird thing like you
work together but you're friends but
you're not really friends because you
just make videos together it's like this
weird thing right so I had a few years
of dealing with that of like okay who's
my real friends and who are just my
YouTube friends and I was never good at
distinguishing the difference because
I'd be like oh I think this person is my
friend but then they wouldn't really
want to hang out they would just want to
make videos and I'd be like oh maybe
they're not my friend and then I
realized oh they're just my Coldstone
buddy and that's okay it's okay you
don't have to be friends with everybody
and that's one of my problems is I want
everybody to love me and I want
everybody to be friends with me and
everybody or whatever but it's that's
exhausting and I don't know if you guys
are like this but it's exhausting to
always try to make people want to be
your friend
so about four years ago I had a pretty
good group of friends and you know there
was like five of us six of us maybe and
we hang out all the time and those were
real friends those were not just cold
stone buddies those were you know people
that I could count on and and stuff um
but the flip side of that is I I have
this tendency to be different around
certain people for example when I'm
around one friend I might act
crazy and then when I'm around another
friend I might act tired and kind of
depressed and then when I'm around
another friend I might act you know
super gangsta and talk like this it's a
weird thing I've done since I was a kid
so the problem was I started acting
differently around each of these friends
and I kind of lost who I was you know
like I didn't know who I was anymore and
then stuff happened with that group of
friends and you know one of them was a
couple and then they broke up and then
that got weird and then another friend
it just it just all kind of fizzled and
not in a bad way it was wasn't like a
huge fight or anything it was just kind
of like okay well I think this chapters
done and I think it's time to move on
and so a lot of the people you guys used
to seeing vlogs you know you don't see
anymore because we don't hang out
anymore let's know there's no anger or
anything you just you just kind of
change and you grow and you you know I
think a lot of the friends I was hanging
out with
I wasn't being myself around I was but I
wasn't and I don't think they were being
themselves either I think we were all in
that weird 22 you know your old land of
like who are we what are we doing but
now I think I've hit the age where I'm
surrounding myself with people who I am
myself around and and I'm reconnecting
with a lot of old friends you know like
I've been hanging out with Steve a lot
and totally sketch a lot and um you know
I have Drew and an obviously cage he'll
be my friend forever it's like I have
these friends who now I myself around
and and it feels good so here's what I'm
trying to say it took me what eight
minutes to say this here's how it works
I learned this from one of my friends
from high school she told me friends are
like okay here's how it works your
family is your roots okay and then your
close friends are your branches and then
the friends who you have and then they
kind of fall away every few years those
are the leaves and they don't fully go
away they just fall off the branch and
they kind of chill in the front yard and
they become more like a
acquaintances and then everybody else is
like a grocery girl like who's that I
don't even I can't see you gotta get
binoculars so I think that's kind of how
it works and down so if you are going
through a change right now where maybe
you think one of your friends is
distancing themselves from you or maybe
you think one of your friends is mad at
yours
don't think about it like personally
don't be like oh they hate me or oh or
what's wrong with me why don't they want
to hang out me think about it like oh
what are they going through themselves
maybe they want to change maybe they
want to be around somebody else so they
can become it them their true self and
then maybe one day you'll come back into
the picture so I don't know if any of
that made sense or if any of that helped
any of you but don't get depressed if
some of your friends aren't your friends
anymore because you'll find new friends
and those friends who aren't your
friends anymore
there's still a place in your heart for
them and if I were if I run into and I
this happens all the time but if I run
into people who I don't really hang out
with anymore I still have just as much
love in my heart for them I'm still
happy to see them
we still can talk and like have a meal
or whatever and and it's nice it's not
like you don't have to if a friendship
isn't working out for you you don't have
to force it you just part ways you know
and then maybe in the future you become
friends again once you're you figure out
who you are and who they figure out who
they are that was a big circle I'm sorry
well there you guys go
hope you enjoyed that um I'll do more of
these kind of videos just talking about
life and shit I don't know if you liked
it if you liked it give me a thumbs up
if you hate it well then bitch I can't
even see you across the street I gotta
get em up binoculars Oh
alright guys I'm gonna go hope you have
found hang with me I fighting with you
see you tomorrow like always I'll always
be here I'm your bridge I better be your
branch better not be a leaf fuck you
I'll give you a lap dance while we're
listening to Ricky Dillon music
oh wow
come on Ricky drop that beat
