hey guys yes I'm sitting here with a
British youtuber all eh what I'm very
excited this is the first British person
I think I've had on my channel right I
feel very privileged it's very exciting
for you
I'm very excited I am NOT very excited
because if you go to his channel which
you will later we did a video over there
where he really really tried to ruin my
life
but about now we're gonna play truth or
dare where I'm gonna ruin his life
yay nasty secrets and do all the nasty
things and he's gonna run out of your
screaming so are you ready that's doing
good now I'm gonna try to translate some
of these words because I feel like you
know British people you okay so okay so
for example like we say kissing you guys
say flogging
snow game snogging I mean I would use
kissing but some people do use the words
monkey okay well like I would say like
butt fuck and you would say like King
crumpets yeah we we probably use that
yeah okay ready for your dare I'm one of
truth alright this is a good one have
you ever had an orgasm against your will
how did it happen
was it pleasurable what is that even me
how do you have an unpleasant thought
you see that documentary but the guy who
has a hundred orgasms a day Wow and like
he's at the grocery store he's like hey
do you have a bag of chips that would be
insane yeah ain't gonna get that sorted
I know and he was at a funeral and he's
like I just want to say that I really
missed microgram c2z come yeah yeah Wow
drained whoo but anyone want to think
about that oh wow so what'd you answer I
didn't really have an ounce what would
you answer
I have had a lot of situations where I
didn't mean to did it release but it
just happened but one thing everyone has
yeah surely yes like when a toddler runs
across my lap or like when a dog sniffs
around my crotch or like when a wind
comes maybe not that but um yeah maybe
similar situations to the snog alright
I'm gonna go with the truth for myself
okay who was the last person who cheated
on you huh see Joey
Joey's been cheating on me a lot hanging
out with a lot of youtubers he's been
kissing a lot of guys
he's been kissing a lot of girls he's
been ignoring me yeah I've never turned
in my tags you have never very much like
a champion Ridgway
Shayne's I know how you feel about Joey
it's fine you okay he got a puppy he's
like oh I got a puppy I don't need chain
anymore huh yeah I got a furry animal
already I don't need another one this
puppy is really cute though I'm gonna
give you a dinner oh good are you
something you hate well I might have
just made that Dara but I don't care
because I have something my frisian Oh
for there's no maybe you don't know the
thing that he hates the most is
chocolate and peanut butter when they're
mixed well guess what I have no oh sure
you got a peanut butter cup no I can't
be worse than that it's not even a good
peanut butter cup it's like a protein
peanut butter cup so it's extra peanut
butter real chunky real shell can't
figure in modern chocolate ready for
this oh no not really
look how big they are you ready for this
oh hello I am grossed out Oh
Donita oh my god you're bad
I love Joker I like being a bubble to
get uh your peanut butter chocolate
smoothie to wash it down no fuck me I
really can't eat this oh my god what's
the big the bin yeah sorry I don't know
if I need your in a trash can only trash
I still got in my mouth Oh my trash can
is filled
so I guess have to swallow it spit in
the toilet you're not much allergic to
chocolate oh good I'm gonna go for a
dare because I'm fuckin badass you're a
badass boss it's just asking me to give
you a lap dance I mean I've done that's
my mom I've done nothing Joey it's been
done before unless I can figure out a
twist on it the twist could be that I'll
give you a lap dance while we're
listening to Ricky Dillon music oh wow
come on break you broke that beat I
might need a Trevor Moran song to slow
it down
oh how Bell is good for you is really
good yeah that's good alright this is
the grand finale truth or dare I think
it's just gonna be another dare isn't it
oh whoa oh my god oh yeah I'm those
doing this yes literally says you must
disrobe a member of the opposite sex and
pleasure that while the game continues
that's right who are the girls huh hey
sorry you don't know my wife
all right well this isn't working so I'm
just gonna make up a dare okay okay okay
what do I want you to do I dare you you
talk in an American accent and I'm gonna
give you a sentence and you have to tell
it to me in America okay I'm really good
at America okay here we go Shane Dawson
is the hottest guy I've ever seen in my
entire life I want all of him I want all
of him inside with me I think we should
get married I think we should get
married once it's legal I think we
should move in together I think we
should find a place that sits both of
our styles and personalities I feel like
we should both have our own spaces then
I feel like we should probably get an
animal some kind of a pet maybe a dog
maybe a cat definitely like some kind of
maybe a lemur situation something legal
and then we should have a child we can't
technically have a child but we could
have our own test-tube baby we could
name it Olly Olly oxen free and then we
could take that baby to school that they
will have the best life in the entire
world and they will die old old older
together that was an incredible story
now say what was the first line just
tell me I'm beautiful Shane you're so
beautiful I'm having mixed emotions ha
ha ha ha what are the mixed of it I
don't know you're looking at me really
wait whoa cuz your hope everything
changed when you did that I felt like I
was being lied to
like you're alive and then you change to
the other actually American yeah I
didn't know who you were anymore say
something to them in American hey guys
you look really really good today me and
Shane you're just gonna wrap this video
up and we're gonna go to Donald's grab a
burgers and french fries and
yeah we'll see you guys next time I was
a my mic is fucking bull
oh my god what was are you okay I'll try
my British okay Kimmy a sentence hi
everyone my name is Shane and I'm gonna
go down to the shop and order some ten
crumpets hi everyone my name is Shane
and I'm gonna go down to the shop and
artisan clean privates your British
impression is amazing thank you so shit
but it's amazing there you guys go
how does our do the Dare it got really
weird it got really American got really
British please go to his channel
subscribe give it a comment all that
shit and make sure to check out video
because we did something over there I
conquered a big fear of mine and I got
might have gotten electrocuted and it
was horrible
and I hated it and I'm so much fun
alright guys I'll be a bunny other dying
ideas question of the day if me and do
another video together what should we do
leave us some suggestions because I
don't think we want to truth or dare
again I think I definitely don't eat up
flippin peanut butter thing I don't only
that effing either fucking horrible
fitting but alright oh yeah I got you
such a bad boy I'm bad boy you stay like
this no I'm bad I stay like this now how
do you stand it hi I got new iPhone
everybody this mind you I
