lights camera couch can only mean one
thing
filming a sex tape ha hey guys yes I am
NOT filming as ex tape actually I'm
going to be filming some collabs today I
have a collab with oli white who is one
of my favorite British youtubers and a
collab with superwoman who is one of my
favorite Indian youtubers she's Indian
right god I hope she's Indian she Indian
Indian American uh-huh well either way
she's one of my favorite youtubers
Indian or not and yeah so I'm gonna be
doing Ollie's here and I wouldn't be
going to super woman's place to do hers
and still not talking about sex tapes
not talking about that but if you want
to see one with me in one of those
people just wait like five years cuz all
the youtubers are gonna be doing them oh
my god
it's me it's you how's it going I'm
beautiful how is this that's my lucky
charm that what is that it's I think
it's an anime and I'm a mom boy for me
so I just well I got away you need a
pearl necklace I'm gonna give you one
wait do you don't know what that means a
pearl necklace yeah yeah like with the
pulse right they must not happen in the
UK
what is that bit like when a girl
doesn't a baby and she's like no just do
it somewhere else oh they don't have
that the UK no guys you guys just do it
to like some kind of a bag yet um so
what are we doing today right so we're
gonna be playing like a truth or dare
type of game we'll have three questions
Momo beats about some British facts or
whatever and then Shane will do some
about American and if you get it wrong
get shocked by this oh my god you're
probably thinking it looks like a normal
pen but no no when you press play start
with ah no no okay okay guys I have a
huge fear of anything electric - or
anything shocky or anything all those
people i second for that second time
shaking thinking about it I miss my fur
I don't know how you knew that that was
my fear but it is and now I'm fucked
this is gonna be brilliant
ha we finished we did it um I'm I feel
very comfortable with you I feel very
comfortable you feel like we know each
other and I'll hold em on a whole
different level now we filmed a YouTube
collab we assumed a collab we went there
that is life what accent is that I was
trying to do Morgan Freeman whoa what's
the rest of your daylight I mean we're
at the beach am I gonna Beach bombing
all black so are you tan do i tan I mean
our British people tan I'm pretty much
the whitest person um I would have to
say I am the whitest person on the plane
I have to say oh my god like the whole
my whole camera lighting chain they has
two white balance or my skin
you're funny god you're a funny guy
you're more funny stop me in front of my
voice you do you're doing really bad
impressions of my voice I was not doing
robot pretty of all the goop are yours
do you want to see America summed up in
one toy this is something you can just
buy any American store oh my gosh you
know what Americans are stupid
hahaha Bart Simpson yeah that's a good
pose what what is that's a good whatever
that is oh yeah yeah oh my god your
phone is ginormous oh thanks is it the
six club yet make up for your lack of
manlihood other um it's definitely I
definitely have a three plus I was
watching another L video I was one of
them with the hair and then he sees
answering questions and the one that
goes like what size is your penis in
he's like yeah it's like four and a half
inches and then he kept going it wasn't
even joke you just said it I was kind of
tired by magic yeah no but that's cause
I think this is what I am gonna accept
it let's move on this question I'm
inspired maybe it wasn't a 12 maybe it
was one of my older what are you doing
this is looks I'm hanging in Marina del
Rey I'm hanging I rented a place of
escaping the snow in Toronto and I had
to chill with a shame because how many
is happy for a second machines actually
when the nicest people ever in real life
you so nice that is so nice because
everybody thinks I'm mean or I'm an
asshole
everybody on the internet says I'm an
asshole and I meant my mean and stuff
but then in real life I'm actually nice
he's actually I mean looking around I
also thought he was a douchebag
I'm never chilly with his so sweet the
sweetest the sweet / thank you Bart
disagrees he's looking at me very judge
I mean he's at my place why not I'm not
even like a little bit concerned that
he's gonna touch me - problem not even
thank you uh yeah sometimes I wish I was
a British youtuber but then I think it's
bad I'm like never mind yes we were
gonna film some videos and be really fun
you're gonna turn into a man I am and
I'm gonna stay a woman gonna be great
guys
I got a new boyfriend oh hello what do
you think Chandigarh sector 17 oh wait
so you but you wait okay I'm confused
you're her dad right yes hello you're
married yes you're hitting on me a lot
me I'm not kidding you
yeah I'm inviting you you're hitting me
a lot but I'm eating you
we're not eating you man I didn't know
that you never mind no you're not no
you're not you're great you're great
you're great your wife is very lucky
very lucky woman
yeah are you her wife - what do you mean
where's your wife call me racist my wife
Paramjeet Singh my daughter Lilly Singh
superwoman to make a nice video online
yeah yeah
what she don't speak bad like you speak
sometime I know she may look like this
no she don't speak like that ground hurt
them oh okay what would my punishment be
for one of mine so you come but I don't
know I show you right now okay give me
this one give me this one did this iPad
Mini give me this one
give me his iPad come stand right here
okay okay hold your ears like this piece
do like this okay turn turned like this
into on uh-huh okay that's it now you
tell yourself you bad boy
I'm bad boy you stay like this now I'm
bad I stay like this now how do you
stand it hi I got new iPhone everybody
this my new iphone
this is what you would do also one more
thing come on float not okay okay what
the bloody has you doing I don't know
thank you put on bombs your own bomb
okay
take arm put under lens it's right under
through now through then I touch your
ear
hold your hears now get good you sit
like this now I'm a bad boy you're bad
boy thank God but you guys really got
haha last one got violated garbage guys
look who's here hey how's it going he
came over to help me finish editing the
video cuz I wanted his input because I
want to make it perfect and he's trying
to make it perfect we're doing the
bedroom scene right now doing the sex
scene right now sex scene I see my idea
for the ending yeah here's this idea for
the ending
um I'm just warning guys this is the
most fucked up video I've ever made and
I love it I think we both love it but
we're like what did we do about sex a
lot of violence I think it's one of my
favorite videos I've ever we've ever
made it'll give you nightmares it's
gonna give you nightmares but like good
nightmares it's really disturbing make
sure to watch it with your parents yeah
it'll be a great holiday Rob it's a
Thanksgiving treat a lot of stuff a lot
of giblets oh well you guys go p-- yep
my name is Esther die fighting with you
i way to go question of the day what do
you think is gonna happen in the video
you'll never guess all right you guys
later bye creepy yeah because I'm
covered in blood yeah is it cuz this is
what you see Lou look who's taking Dad
