oh no my ears are being raped oh I think
I see balls I was not expecting to see
balls
wha hey what's up you guys yes today I
am sweaty you think that's here Jill
you think that's product nope it's wet
it's went to the gym and now without
showering I'm going to my next thing I'm
going to film some collab videos today
so I'm excited about that I have my
Whole Foods bag filled with clothes and
deodorant which I have not used yet and
I have about 10 empty coffee bean cups
because I'm caffeinated gay I'm filming
with Chris hi wait so it's Chris Chris
what do we go by we don't we don't go by
supper key separate key daily just Chris
so daily or Chris or sup Dawson Oh oh
that's a likes them love them or she or
she hates it how to tell and she just
wants to be pet oh so I guess we're
gonna film some collabs and there's
puppy here and the dog's name's Morgan
which to me is a people name which is
weird I would have named butterfingers
or Reese's % cos look it's like cheap
peanut butter and chocolate what would
you have named it I don't care as long
as it's knuckles that's a really long
name I'll work on it just put a hashtag
in front of it um yeah so we're gonna
film some videos what how many dogs you
think have hashtags in their name I
don't know but I'm gonna name my next
dog hashtag yeah hashtag hashtag hashtag
no just hashtag this just kind of like
the artist formerly known as Prince
had a symbol for a while there uh-huh
but it's just the dog and then on their
collar it's just a little hashtag you
like that idea
no not interested okay great yeah so
we're gonna film and then I'll tell you
what happens is gonna get real gay can't
wait so he forgot his battery for his
camera at his apartment where his
friend's place right now so I'm left
alone with the puppy Morgan peanut
butter Buttercup buttercup that's a good
name
Reese's Reese's crunch PB&J Captain
Crunch Captain Crunch that's a good one
all of them are so much better than her
actual name come on come on
okay don't be such a cunt get over here
puppy puppy dog poop peanut butter
anyways I've never been left alone in
somebody's house before what should I do
feel around I don't even know whose
house this is I've never met this person
that's exciting
let's do a tour kidding yeah so here I
am rap now the dog is back now you're by
now you
some of the D or you're just trying to
kill yourself and jump off the couch
mmm I hate homework okay what made you
buy that I actually this is one of the
shirts I used to sell I did a video
parody about hating homework even though
this when you were 12
oh I think I was like 28 so I haven't
done one working a long time I was
pandering leave me alone I know that's
like when youtubers just things like oh
no my favors when youtubers think say
they're pork oh my god I'm so poor I
wish I can afford Taco Bell I'm so poor
and the $100,000 yeah go on my
Kickstarter for my taco but no but then
they'll get like a million retweets and
I'm like okay you can afford a quesarito
with them's me I'm retweets why don't
you just make good videos and people
want to watch and then you have plenty
of money
Wow yeah though it's cold in here
huh what do you think do you like when
youtubers pander I mean we kind of
pander a little bit we really milk the
gay thing a lot of gay shit it's true
well like in a nice way but like we did
gay stuff before the camera was even on
hey here's how I explain it if somebody
were to ask me like if Ellen if I was on
The Ellen Show which will never happen
and she's like she's a chick so it like
what that's why you never know I love
Ellen Mel but she does tell me hey
listen she knows she knows I talk I'll
give it to I turned into her know so you
know she would probably be like Shane
like you feel like you're pandering like
when you ever do videos where you're
kissing boys and stuff do you feel like
you're just doing it for views do you
think gay people offended I would say no
because I never act grossed out by it
I'm never like oh my god don't kiss me
you I'm scared I act into it it's funny
so for me I'm spreading acceptance of
people watching gay people kiss I mean
also in the end like you understand your
audience and your audience enjoys that
stuff and thinks it's funny so as long
as you're made more sexy yeah so as long
as you're making content that your
audience enjoys and you're not being
disingenuous to yourself listen I kissed
a boy and I liked it I mean I didn't
hate it I didn't love it but I was into
it I did it I've done a multiple time
hot super hat what do you think guys do
you want to kiss honestly I'm scared cuz
I don't get hurt but I kind of hope you
bite my face off because it'd be a great
video I love it oh my god I don't know
who your owner is but she's gonna be
really mad when she sees me Raquel
a stripper she'll be fine no okay I'll
get in there I know where that tongues
been right you know you know we should
do actually just to get it up even more
than we already have which is very your
hobbit I saw this thing going around
where people were doing yoga poses on
each other okay I've never done yoga in
my life but let's let's list the see if
we can you broke something right or your
hamstring is broken yeah and maybe
something simple for you the one I see
all the time is this walk okay
maybe no maybe we should switch because
you're stronger than me but I can't lift
you with one of my legs right now okay I
can feel what you ate today
Oh God okay are you lifting I don't know
how to do I'm scared us yeah I don't
want I don't know I won't ask you about
legitimate I really okay
okay it's okay step by the way well that
got there for a reason I didn't expect
which is me being terrified not to being
gay being terrified you know what I'm
saying well there you guys go be up on
hang with us we're funding with you
question the day shit
what should we do next more yoga poses
probably not IDs I'll be fi name with us
we're fine hanging with you tomorrow my
god ah this is how I do it
know what uh someone joined the party I
feel like this is definitely the most
action this yeah teenagers bed has ever
gone
