and you're like yeah yeah I haven't seen
the video this gay since I started
filming this one no seriously though
this is some gasps shit look at the
director getting inspired just looking
at the nature leaves
sorry feels like you're looking at that
statue right she's just holding my
bucket that's what I'm doing
hold it um when it's look at this
situations gonna be this is real guys
ooh
starting on the flower Joey Graceffa
short fellow yeah it's gonna pop up and
say like Joey Graceffa short oh it's a
thriller so he popped out hey guys we're
filming my new Taylor Swift parody and
in two days so it's gonna be two fucking
vlogs I'm so excited
and this guy's directing ah hey remember
be member you years ago from smiling oh
and from all my music videos back in the
day memories oh the memories now we're
back and we're gonna do some weird shits
gonna get uh sexual it's also gonna get
violent it's gonna get real gross I'm
really really excited about it and
there's a fountain so there's a lot
going on at Lisa's in the video I don't
know where she is
they're probably making her look pretty
because it takes a long time no yeah
she's beautiful
not after what they do to her yeah they
they better be you know how much I pay
them anyways back to the Joey Graceffa
short oh oh oh it's a comedy lady right
I didn't mention it's 5:00 in the
morning yeah Effie you in why you coming
home at 5:00
I smile your dad okay yeah
what are you playing today your
girlfriend you've been playing that part
for a while yeah pretty good at it I am
but I'm over it
me too that's why in the video you're
gonna die can't wait
Taylor Swift is oh come on how do you hi
rub cloud the eyes are not yet cat-like
how are you feeling today
I feel great without you what is it a
stethoscope get out of here
are you ready to be Taytay oh yeah
you're gonna be on top of me oh oh yeah
ruff thruster you think Bill Cosby in
the puddin I don't know the tester I
never done that before
good that's a girl my big sex scene
they're all waiting wash it's my big
sexy
I'm gonna have sex with Taylor Swift
yeah wait can you say can you do that
with the Taylor face we're waiting for
you to come yeah sex with Lisa no no
sighs to Taylor and until he said is
there smoke in there this is a first sex
tape it colors is called that patron in
a room don't look don't look at the
pictures on the walls we do not only
have she's getting bed now this is a
stranger's bed
we're gonna teenagers no I'm not gonna
talk about her bed at least I can grab a
tip or something
I have it and fall this is how I do it
know what uh someone joined the bar I
feel like this is definitely the most
action this yeah teenagers bed has ever
gotten I don't know dude she's got a
bottle of tequila over there oh my guess
she does it's a Taylor what are you
nervous about for me mmm it's real rough
did you see me at least I saw her did
you see
she wanted to be surprised yeah I want
to be surprised you're gonna be shocked
I'm wearing the world's biggest condom
so I can't tell you why I'm in a big
condom outfit you can see it here I'm
gonna give you a hint though Taylor has
a lot of diseases I wish my pee was that
thick looks mighty had that beautiful
arc to it hear that sound the sound of
my stomach after Chipotle yep here in my
stomach
mistress bathroom right now I don't know
how I feel about this I mean I peed in
strangers bathrooms from orbit never
dressed like a condom okay okay
back out scarier there's definitely dead
person in there I'm obsessed with this
house one day I'm going to get a house
and actually decorate it instead of just
filling with shit from Ikea I mean look
at this literally this probably costs
more than my life I'm very jealous or is
the Nick Jonas would say hunch hey hey
but he'd say with the shirt off and not
dressed in a condom
he loved the beer back oh my god the
love of my life I love her so much mrs.
candy corn all baby oh when I get you
inside me hmm Oh mr. peanut the other
little neon worms huh cranberry crazy
shits oh boy Oh Oh bananas it might be
me in Trisha Paytas all my love's okay
all that stuff gives me the farts okay
including Trisha did she give you gas
GABA don't tell her cuz she won't like
me because she does not like people who
fart nostril ah I'm leaving it's the end
of the night I am so tired it has been a
long time since I've done a video like
this like a big video and I have another
day to go so I'm gonna vlog another day
for you guys and and I'm really excited
it's coming along really good it's
really I don't wanna give too much away
cuz it's a very weird video it's gonna
be really shocking but it's not my
typical it's funny obviously but it's
different you'll see it takes a turn
there's a twist there's a couple twists
I just wanted to do something different
and I wanted to get excited again about
making videos and I'm fucking excited I
can't wait for guys to see it oh alright
I'm gonna go to bed
I hope you guys have fun in with me I'm
fighting with you question of the day
what's something you've done lately
that's made you excited let me know down
in the comments let's get excited
together alright I want to go guys I um
I went on Facebook and I said what the
fuck do you want to know and then my mom
said when are you ever gonna accept my
friend request and I said hahaha fuck
you that's a lie I would never fuck my
mom I would make love to her
