to bomb.com where we talk about the
things that are blowing up on the
internet a great fart joke this is
nothing like a joke oh it demands to be
taken seriously now I cannot say for
certain whether or not this video is
fake I am NOT God but I can tell you if
it's real it's impressive and you've
probably never seen anything like it if
you have seen something like it it does
make me question what sort of life you
live this man can fart the Star Wars
Imperial March he is taking it very
seriously as he should be having in the
whole booty wiggle is just the icing on
the cake I'm going to say it his but
she'd be more famous than Kim
Kardashian's because at least it as a
talent this from surgery very upset that
she did not look like a specific pop
star and honestly that is me it's my
story I don't feel alone anymore I know
this woman is likely on heavy-duty
medication but honestly I'm loving her
sass you know nothing you know nothing
she's not even the least bit apologetic
about it
now I know you're stupid but that's not
my fault I wish people not on drugs
could be like this
I also wish people on street drugs could
be less psychotic but I guess you can't
have it all this week on YouTube I
learned from Connor Franta how to get
over someone how do you get over someone
who just doesn't care about you anymore
again this may not be something you want
to hear but you just kind of gotta do it
if there's someone in your life that
doesn't care about you you don't want
them in your life I mean I guess that is
kind of one way to get over someone it's
not necessarily what I personally would
do I would probably take an approach
closer to this
you're watching the sassy episode of
bomb.com hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel if
you did enjoy this episode make sure to
give it a massive thumbs up and head on
over to youtube.com special accessories
all check out my latest video here is a
tiny tiny preview yeah you can also
click the subscribe button while you're
over there and follow my social media
sites in the down bar of this video
collection of the day if you could fart
any song in the entire world what would
it be I think mine would be something in
the vein of Adele Someone Like You a
really romantic love ballad and
