hey what's up you guys welcome back to
what the fuck news
my name is Destry and I really fucking
hate hangnail the worst death for me
would be death by hanging nail but this
is what the fun is we talk about the
side of the news that makes zero fuckin
sense that you might've missed in the
last week and the first story I wanna
talk about today is marriage oh the
loving union of two people that will
share life together for eternity or not
because divorce exists or if your King
Henry the eighth brutally killing your
wife also exists everyone understands
history jokes marriage though was in the
news recently because convicted mass
murderer mastermind Charles Manson is
said to be getting married be now eighty
year old Charles Manson who looks like
fucking evil Gandalf is apparently
marrying 26 year-old after Elaine Burton
in case you didn't just catch that yes
an 80 year old man is marrying a 26 year
old woman how that's enjoyable for her I
don't know Benson on the other hand is
probably just happy he doesn't have to
jack off into his pillow anymore it
would have been happy marrying anything
with a vagina Oh Manson who is still in
jail for his convictions in 1969 is
unfortunately for him unable to leave
the prison to get married it must do so
under constant watch of the prison
guards but it's not all terrible
medicine is apparently able to bring ten
guests to observe the wedding but who
would want to go to a serial killers
wedding I don't fucking know it doesn't
stop there as apparently the caterers of
the event is the prestigious jail
vending machines
cup of noodles Funyuns and moldy races
will be the couple's first meal as
newlyweds Oh apparently also at the
ceremony Manson isn't given a time limit
on how long the first kiss is butters
and officials have been hired to step in
before it gets into any foreplay King
also unfortunately for Manson he isn't
able to have any conjugal visits so he
won't be getting any of that 60 plus
year younger vagina hole but for what
I've heard he's gonna have a killer
wedding oh god no I hear the cake is to
die for
hahaha get out of your pond guy in Moore
what the fuck news step aside bad guys
there's a new superhero in town his
power being able
stick metal to his body move over
Magneto you might be able to control
metal but can you stick it to your body
I didn't think so the 12 year old boys
Nicola oh my god what the fuck is that
crying glut jenkum cry new crayola
crayola chinko what the fuck is that
anyways this kid claims that he was
blasted across the street and almost
killed when he was leaning against the
lamppost that was live from faulty wires
when I woke up the next day and got out
of bed I found some coins that have been
lying on the mattress has stuck to my
body that was the worst Russian accent I
have ever I've ever heard
several minutes later he discovered that
he was able to stick all sorts of metal
on his body from spills quarters other
stuff and he vowed that day that he
would learn to control his power and
become a superhero how his power would
come in handy in battle I'm not really
chewing I'm just hoping he adopts a cool
ass nickname because fuck buddy that
last name is a nightmare
sadly scientists who have examined this
phenomenon had actually said that the
boy is not actually magnetic it just has
unusually sticky skin e-girls
isn't some sexual like the fuck news a
college girls photos were stolen by a
web site who used them to advertise
local horny singles wait that's not
funny
the 20 year old Grace Maher was very
unhappy to find that her pictures of him
used without her knowledge especially on
something so untrue she was indeed not a
horny local single she didn't found out
about the advertisements from a friend
of her mom's who told her mom concerned
that her daughter might have a secret
life where she's a local horny single
okay I'm gonna stop saying local horny
single because it makes me feel really
dirty bar intends to find out who used
these photos and how many people were
involved saying they did this completely
without my knowledge and it was just a
really creepy thing to do crawling the
internet looking for teenagers pictures
just bizarre why her voice cracked so
much when she talks I don't know but
don't worry creepy web site while she
might have been creeped out with you
using her pictures you can use mine
all you like are you looking for
dirty sexy singles join dick spread calm
your hub for hot horny singles only
seconds away okay wow I really need to
go take a shower now finally in some
movie news I taught her new movie
trailers have come out in the last week
with a new teaser trailer up to fifty
Shades of Grey movie which looks
absolutely fucking disgusting and then
we have a new teaser trailer for the
sequel to divergent called insurgent
which just has more of Shanee Woodley
looking really fucking awkward and bio
levy live-action Cinderella trailer was
just released which looks like this
she'll merely be your stepmother and you
have two lovely sisters to keep you
company
my mother's address it would be let's
hope to take you to the palace dressed
in these rags you shall not go to the
ball excuse me why are you crying
who are you
that's better my fairy Coffman
they're all looking at you believe me
they're all looking at you
I have to see her again
are you looking for this
in all honesty the movie doesn't look
that terrible but I just imagine if
Cinderella would have been modernized it
would have been so much easier to find
her rather than going door to door
looking for a girl that fits into the
slipper you know he would just be like I
must find that girl in here oh nice oh
she is squirt anyways this has been what
the fuck news and my question of the day
for you guys is if you could have
superpowers what would they be leave
those in the comments down below all
today's stories as always are in the
description down below as well as all of
my links like my Facebook and my Twitter
and my Instagram whatever the fuck else
is down there before you guys go make
sure to check out my channel youtube.com
slash Captain Estes for more me but
anyways I will see you next week for
another what the fuck news and Fairwinds
