when you let BuzzFeed right oh yeah but
all the people that are there yes and
they're like
then is there like beef like you see
them at parties cuz now you're a big
youtuber and like I'm sure you guys
crossed paths for me I'm like working
all the time basically now I like rarely
go out I find and when I do I'm just
kind of like what do I do here like I
know what you're thinking Shane you must
get a lot of ass actually Shane we were
thinking you have a lot of ass yes both
of those are true except only one my fat
ass no most of my life I was not good in
the relationship department unless you
call my relationship with the lady that
worked at Krispy Kreme who would hook me
up with the hot pressed donuts on Monday
mornings a relationship because I'd say
we're still together
I'd say we should get a divorce like for
my health but I have a feeling it's
gonna be till death so today I thought
of some fun life hacks to help you hack
your relationships
wait what that's number one now kissing
your partner can get really boring after
a while is like you know exactly what
it's gonna feel like you know what it's
gonna taste like especially when you're
with me cuz it's always gonna taste like
Ho Hos
so to spice up your kissing Department I
thought what have you recreated magic
movie kisses with your partner so to
test this out Andy Ryland are gonna be
recreating the famous spider-man kiss
starring me spider cave okay spider-man
you ready to hang so I don't know how
this is really gonna work also there is
duty every way also there's ranch
everywhere what is my life never mind
don't answer that okay so I'm not gonna
hang because I don't want to break a
really nice furniture so you wanna how
are you gonna do this oh I've been a
gymnast all my life go home find another
home and go there oh wait you have to
look like spider-man though no maybe
take your shirt off
ooh
and you Garfield wait who's spider-man
there's new one whatever whoever it is a
shaking hang up oh my god Wow
oh my god why are you fucking spider-man
right now ok 9 just showing off
kill em I hate this wait I think this is
more uh we're having a better idea of
what I want to show
Wow marble is not shaking they're
perfectly fine now I know you've seen
all those pictures on Instagram of
couples who like pull the other person's
hand and then like the spectator takes
the picture Adam oh it's complicated but
basically it's just to show that like
you and your partner like going to the
future they're like looking back at you
like making sure you're not looking down
at their ass and that's cute but I feel
like if you're gonna take one of those
pictures you should be doing something
with your partner that is romantic and
something that you guys would love to do
together so I thought it would be cute
if I wanted front of island and then I
turned around and he said hey doughnuts
and taco future that's our present
that's our past all right are you ready
to take some romantic pictures yes
perfect yeah I got you some Taco Bell I
got us some doughnuts
oh my god I'm into the doughnut I can
picture it now like us on a pool floatie
sharing a doughnut Wow
this was supposed to be a joke but
that's actually the most romantic thing
I've ever heard okay I feel like let's
do me first
all right you're talked about yeah we
already had our talk of a love scene
bitch it's a sequel so I'm thinking Oh
Lady at Taco Bell see so you have to
hold the burrito right is that how it
works so you hold the burrito like that
and then I like to run it oh I get it
yeah yeah here we go three two
it's gorgeous yeah I mean I would put it
on my Instagram oh my god oh my god
quacks good gonna live I want them all
right I think for you should do the
doughnut because it's the gayest thing
they have me that's what God said when
he made you
it's the gayest thing I have literally
this could be my avatar for my youtube
channel that's gonna be the invitation
for our wedding
wait it's gonna be bad don't mean with
my life having the doughnut so see it's
like that
let me let you do oh my god that's like
oh fuck that's it oh my god looking away
bitch who knows getting some of it now
there is nothing sexier then writing
your partner a song unless you're me and
when you sing it sounds like no rodeo
but you know the moment they catch the
song where she goes yeah I'm in sign up
like if I tried that you would think
that's somebody in an ass anus I loved I
but either way it's the thought that
counts so we're gonna bite each other
some music
okay baby guess so we're doing what
writing each other's bugs no no I
honestly think I'm like becoming a pop
star what I feel like lately it's just
been in my wheelhouse okay we'll see
about that
okay wait hold on um your phone I
downloaded this app this is not
sponsored but I was trying to find an
app that would like let us make a song
really fast so I think this will work
okay so I think I just like sing and
then it makes it a song I don't know oh
my god I didn't prepare anything give me
a topic me and love obviously okay me
love obviously we are meant to be just
like chips and cheese just like
guacamole I'm hungry
this is everything oh my god okay your
turn okay your topic is how much you
love me more than the animals Shane is
my lady he's my number one baby
keep trust me just a little bit crazy
that's why I love the animals more than
him yeah but he's cute too you're not
supposed to drag me into love phone I
feel our love growing by the second wait
okay wait I just want to play around
what if we sing a song that's already a
song like will it remix it which song
the drake and josh theme song this is
over I never thought he would be so
simple but I finally I found a way if
you open up your mouth
see what's inside it's like a trick
fellas having a stroke yeah Jake and
Josh is not shaking good fine they're
better than ever now you know the scene
from Titanic where Jack while she was
laying naked now we're not gonna do that
mainly because I don't wanna get naked
and I also don't have a piece of paper
big enough but I think there is
something cute about drawing each other
and then showing each other and being
like that's what you look like babe I
think you say is that really what I look
like that's what I fucking look like
right now are you serious I mean kind of
oh my god why do you fuck me
okay let's just put these away no no no
leave it frame it put it on the fridge
because now that I know what I look like
I will never be in there do you want to
burn this yes
let's draw okay baby guess what we're
doing just bothering you all day we're
gonna be drawing each other I was in
advanced art I was in advanced nothing
so I got out of school at noon I'm
really trying are you really trying yeah
okay then whoa why are you looking I'm
looking at your face okay you have two
more seconds okay yeah all right so
first you're gonna reveal yours to me
tell me your masterpiece already I don't
think you're ready I don't think you're
ready for this
Wow no I love that jawline is killing it
you have a killer jawline your lashes
look like they have extension so I
really highlighted that and I think I
really nailed your hair did I get into a
car accident what is happening to my now
okay what's dripping oh is that cheese I
was drawing your neck but you said time
was up hey Mimi listen hear me out I
don't really know how to draw noses
because they're difficult so I thought
if I gave you a cartoon-esque nose it
was actually a compliment that looks
like Katy Perry during our live stream
but she was tired okay well that is mine
all right let me see what you literally
gave me a ballsack for a nose literally
a roof of a house for eyebrows zero hair
and the chest airs right but that is
insult the hair on top what you're moody
oh okay that's mean at least I tried yet
you said we were doing good pictures of
each other I'm literally gonna go commit
suicide
the reasons why welcome to you're
driving now I feel like there's no
better way to show that you love
somebody then by getting attached with
them on your back it's even better when
you're not together anymore because
thank you just have like they're huge
based on your back and it's just like a
nice reminder that you're crazy
anyways well let's give you other
tattoos baby guess who we're doing we're
giving you a tattoo
another real one I'm gonna use lipstick
okay so I'm gonna do it on your entire
back are you gonna wash it off no no
fine yes all right come over to my
tattoo parlor oh my god it's not that
kind of video so what would you like oh
you know I'm into surprises but like do
you want something that showcases our
love or do you want something that's
more about you ooh definitely more about
me and just in case we break up
okay so first I'm gonna show them now I
feel like this really works for whether
you're with me or when you're single
because it's just straight to the point
ready to see it here I'll take a picture
all right and here is your beautiful
tattoo I think it's beautiful and I
think you can keep adding to it like
beat it up or slap it you could just
keep on adding to it you really like
that picture don't you yeah I'm going to
send it to your mom first
Oh she'll see it okay last but not least
this one is sexual but I'm not gonna
like show the actual act of sex but I
feel like it's important to try out your
partner's fetish that you might be a
little nervous though so we're gonna try
out my fetish which is him dressing up
like Lizzie McGuire and me being Gordo
and having their first kiss guess what
we're doing we're gonna have some fetish
roleplay and guess who you're playing
Hilary Duff yeah so I got this shirt
that says I'm a dreamer now I guess it
is a little weird that it's Lizzie
McGuire Hilary Duff like maybe it should
have been raise your voice okay and put
on the little jean jacket oh my god you
look just like her I might look confused
life's confusing that's hard your
brother's an asshole your mom looks
really depressed oh my god
slay the wig oh wow so I am going to be
Gordo we're gonna reenact the Lizzie
McGuire Movie right before we have sex I
couldn't really kind of Gordo a wig so I
found this brown wig and I'm just gonna
work with it
Oh Lizzie Gordo decided to be a woman he
might have its 2017 oh my god Gordo
I'm literally Gorda so now you're Gorda
and Hilary Duff likes women listen this
is not transphobic bitch this is just
Lizzie McGuire a 2017 get with it uh
Lizzie it's me Gordo gonna you're so
annoying
like can't you ever just back off Lizzie
listen I
I am so ugly Lizzie listen I feel like
we need to be together I mean I followed
you all through school I tried to kiss
you every single year you kept turning
me down but I kept trying just realized
Gordo is a creep listen I still like
Ethan so you know Ethan's with Kate he
secretly wants me listen we're in Paris
you're about to perform on stage we're
in this hotel room
all alone my god you're right I was not
prepared when you find that Gordo's been
gay the whole time Lizzie what happened
to Miranda at the edge okay that was too
real that was my life hacks to slowly
get divorced all right you guys I'm
gonna go make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you want more life hacks
also let me know down in the comments
what kind of life hacks you want how the
memes coming like should we have some
Halloween hacks I don't know if carving
my cat is illegal but I want to try it
also make sure to subscribe hit that
notification bell cuz I make new videos
every single day and if you want to see
all my other life hack videos I've done
literally a million of them I'll put a
link to a playlist right down below
aren't you guys have fun with your
lovers or alone with your doughnut
taking the picture by yourself see mom
