oh oh girl posit oh my god oh my god the
skin oh my god the skin matches the
drink the skin made a liquid oh hey
what's up you guys
today I'll do something a little bit
different and just do an old-school
follow me around kind of vlog not going
to try to be super funny or make a bunch
of jokes or do much of crazy shit
because I am sick I don't know what it
is but today my goal is to uh fucking
get some medicine and just figure it out
I don't want to be around anybody cuz I
don't want to get Lisa sick I don't want
to get any of my friends sick I supposed
to hang out people today I'm not gonna
do that I'm just gonna go to my office
and edit some videos and like just
spread Ebola to everybody my the apart
building I'm a disaster you guys love me
right most of you guys are clipped off
by now
damnit okay so I'm in the medicine aisle
right now okay I think I found yeah
that'll work
oh you know I should probably get a
little something for my sinuses that'll
be good I something to cheer me up right
yeah Laffy Taffy that'll work you should
probably get some cold medicine for my
throat yeah yeah that'll work
I just want to get healthy you know
honestly he's living the dream that's my
life
I know youtubers would actually wear
these all right I'll give it a try maybe
it'll cheer me up nope didn't work I
just love when the angel tries to sniff
this
man's ass this reminds me Christmas
yep so my personal health sounds like is
that really necessary I mean it's bigger
than my head I'm sorry I'm starting to
feel a little bit like Scrooge I swear I
love Christmas
I love Walgreens I love candy I'm just
sick you know and I'm taking it out on
everything around me it's not fair I'm
sorry I apologize I'm gonna be more
positive I'm gonna be in a better mood I
promise there's some wires yes I could
probably hang myself with those with
trying to be positive sorry fuck you oh
my god has seen on TV stuff I've been
watching a lot of graveyard girl and her
as seen on TV videos made me want to buy
stuff poncho no thanks creepy dominatrix
gloves I already have those spill freak
up what am i stupid tag away is that
when you have an ugly picture that
somebody tagged you in on Facebook and
you can just like make them go away
forever because that would buy a lot of
those ooh
stupid glasses that are supposed to make
the world look better it's try those yep
this is a card of an insane person
that's the kind of thing you buy when
you're on a lot of painkillers oh yeah
yeah no I need one of these yeah yeah
I've been looking for one of these you
guys have one of these how much is it
$30 well it's a steal that's a bargain
put it in my basket
what's wrong with me let's try some of
these as seen on tv products this one is
the Phantom saucer I can't say does this
thing really work because that's Bunny's
thing so instead I'll say was this thing
a waste of money
I can already answer yes I mean what I
mean this looks like birth control for
the world's biggest woman little balls
in it what is happening I don't
understand
that's a string Direction's who needs
those I have an ad for jewelry you
really don't know your audience do you
what five-year-old kids gonna be like oh
I needed a diamond carat cut mom oh my
god there's so many steps look at that
bitch putting it behind her head it's
fucking putting it or but I can't do all
this Oh whoo you know what else you
could do this with string and a paper
plate fuck you saucer but don't worry
there's more HD vision that guys are
nerd you know what honey I don't want to
just wear one pair of glasses can you
give me another one
there's one of the other one above the
normal ones you know what else honey can
you have the color of the glass
has matched my teeth I just want a lot
of yellow going on today I'm gonna
yellow mood I can't wait to see the
world through an expensive waste of
money when I hope it looks like a Tyler
Perry movie Wow
looks like somebody pissed on my eyes it
literally just looks like I'm looking
through piss I don't hate it though I'm
gonna be honest I don't hate looking
through piss my other sunglasses I have
our Brown so it's like looking for shit
so these are a step up I look cool right
yep a lot of painkillers all right last
but not least squishy sand all right now
this one I know is gonna be awesome
because says so in the Box perfect all
right so I guess he just dumped it out
right I don't know warning plastic bags
can be dangerous
yikes I mean how dumb do they think I am
pretty dumb considering I bought these
there we go it's like dog show it smells
like Doritos I actually think it's
crumbled up Cool Ranch Doritos and I
don't hate that all right let's see it
ooh oh I wish I did drugs I like it so
high and play with this it's like when
you want to play with cat shit but you
can't now you can the Dorito smell is
really intense I never it tastes like
Doritos no no all right let me try to
make something yeah yep that's about
what it looks like Hey look I'll be Lisa
ah not tonight
Oh gives you a little things and little
tools there goes that's my official
review phantom saucer was stupid HD
sunglasses were pissy squishy sand is
amazing I don't feel good I don't know
what I'm doing I don't feel good I'm
gonna go hope you guys had fun hanging
with me I had fun hanging with you I'm
sorry that I'm sick I swear my videos
will get better question of the day what
do you think I should name him I'm gonna
go with vicodin do you guys tomorrow
I wish you would tell me okay I love
this one
I love songs about wanting to die
