hey that's something this has been
highly requested now I know I've done a
lot of um you know talking about songs
lately and it's probably getting kind of
old but you guys really wanted me to
review Taylor Swift's new album 1989 so
I'm gonna do it I haven't heard any of
these songs except for the ones that
I've been on the radio so I'm going to
this fresh ready to have my brain melted
and you know what I'm gonna be totally
subjective if I like it I will tell you
I'm not just gonna make fun of all of
them okay I'm gonna sip on some honesty
Oh mmm tastes like swifty all right
let's do this first song is welcome to
New York okay okay okay I'm like I'm
liking that beat okay
not sure anymore I'm uncomfortable I
don't know what she's saying I think she
just said gonna eat a pie while I'm high
on oxycontin which honestly sounds great
right now okay okay stop yelling at me
all right I I don't I don't like this
one although it is a lot like New York
loud confusing kind of gay so on that
front she nailed it this next one is
blank space I've heard this one so I'm
gonna skip it well I'll give you a hint
she's black now all right this one is
called style
okay I don't like knowing what Taylor
Swift sounds like when she masturbates I
might skip this one I think she's a
lesbian now pretty sure I just heard her
go ooh look at that pussy in that tight
little skirt I'm bout to run yeah yeah I
think I like it out of the woods nope
all you had to do was stay this economy
Clarkson song cuz if it is bitch don't
even try
okay somebody helpers buddy helpers she
is having a stroke somebody get hurt
ambulance
naima one yes Taylor Swift something's
happening I think she's sitting on a
sword maybe that's how she got her voice
to that point like when she was in the
studio she's like all you had to do was
shake it off think I've heard that one
about a billion times I wish you would
ooh I like that one there's like some
thug to that hey Taylor I'm gonna review
your new album I wish you would okay
nevermind cookie love boom she's an
emotional eater like me and the straight
line down she's suicidal like me I wish
you would kill me okay I love this one
and love songs about wanting to die this
one's called bad blood cuz baby now we
got bad blood you know it used to be man
I'm good
this one's called wildest dreams she
loves moaning oh she didn't even know
what a wild dream is you know my dreams
I had one and I'm not making this up I
had one last night that I was doing my
podcast Daniel Radcliffe walked in
opened up his legs put my balls in his
mouth hit me over the head and gave me a
wizard tattoo on my forehead and then
Emma Stone walked in started listing
everywhere and then Taylor Swift walk-in
with the sword shoved it up my butt and
I went huh some of that might be an
exaggeration but for the most part it's
true how you get the girl I'm gonna give
you a hint you don't get her by wearing
this sweater and doing this to your hair
I feel like Taylor used an app to make
this album you don't I mean like that
like the t-pain app like you sing and
then it turns it into a song like it
puts your voice to a ringtone
she's like now we got bad blood and
woman ever and then it just turns it
into
I need that app this one's called I know
places
okay they all sound the same right am I
crazy do they all sound the same okay we
got one more this one's called clean I'm
not drowning she wants to die I thought
this was a fun album
she hates life she's me all right well I
just went through the whole album and
I'm gonna be honest this isn't my style
I don't know I don't think it's bad it's
just not my thing
but it all sounds the same but she sold
a million copies so it has to be good I
don't know question of the day you guys
like the album and what's your favorite
song if I had to pick a favorite song I
guess I would pick shake it off but
maybe that's just cuz I've heard it a
million times and like I feel like it's
it's permanently in my brain I don't
know I'm perplexed either way
congratulations Taylor you made a hit
album and I actually liked her she seems
like a cool girl I mean I don't know her
I'm scared to meet her if she's seen any
of my parodies Taylor I'm sorry but I
like her I think she's fun good for her
all right you guys help me have mine
hang with me - hang with you I'll see
you tomorrow and remember to UM
subscribe because if you don't you're
gonna have bad blood
oh that's Ebola oh my god is a song
about Ebola or AIDS either way I think I
love it bye oh my god oh it looks like
Shrek just came on my face truck his
love
