all right here we go I got green because
it's almost Christmas right okay this is
called be wild oh my god I feel I can
make a pictorial person coffee while I
got out of the 99-cent store and it's
probably gonna rip off my hair let's do
it
Oh God oh great that's on my wall
all right see how it goes says danger
flammable hello I'm pretty hot I'm
getting a nice cold ah
did it work is it working I think it's
working okay here we go oh my god oh it
looks like Shrek just came on my face
truck his left side is it going
everywhere
no okay okay I'm doing it I'm making it
work next you are getting a small high
from it smoothly balls all right I'm all
done we gotta get the quick
so my eyes don't get it eyes uh should
read that well huh yeah yeah I think I'm
almost done okay I think I did it hey
guys go I look like a cool youtuber oh
wait I didn't do my eyebrows hold on
ouch Oh perfect
oh god it's dripping it's dripping I
need Michelle Phan I need Michelle Phan
there we go
whoo yeah bitch it's supposed to burn
right yeah I'm feeling this not a
leprechaun all right
there you guys go I fucking did it
nailed it oh my hair's gonna fall out
and I'm gonna die whatever I'm inhaling
so please thumbs it up and subscribe as
you guys 'happy other name of the other
night with you and i'll see you tomorrow
let's poisonous but this bump on Kim
Kardashian's ass I think it's cancer now
a lot of you guys were asking you my
opinions on this I have a lot of
opinions I need to I need to sort
through them okay my first one is die
bitch
