haha hey that's a big eyes I'm a lot to
talk about today I'm not a lot of
caffeine I got a lot of feelings I don't
know if you noticed but my eye just
twitched
I've been twitching a lot lately I'm
slowly dying anyways today I wanted to
talk about a couple things first of all
this bump on my hand I think it's cancer
second of all this bump on Kim
Kardashian's ass
I think it's cancer now a lot of you
guys were asking you my opinions on this
I have a lot of opinions I need to I
need to sort through them okay my first
one is die bitch my second one is why
won't you die bitch and then my third
one is she's never gonna die I guess
I'll kill myself here's the thing I have
a hate hate relationship with
Kardashians it's real deep it's
deep-rooted I feel the same way about
them as I do about some of them laden M
night Shyamalan and the Twitter app on
my phone which is constantly breaking
down I'm just upset I'm upset that
people care
but then again I'm upset that people
talk about the Kardashians but I am
making a video about them so I'm part of
the problem why are my hands moving I
don't know I saw the picture it was all
over my facebook all of my relatives
were facebooking about it I don't really
have friends and they're all saying
things like oh Kim Kardashian's butt oh
it's so gross it's so big why she's
doing this why is it so wet what did she
put on it and I'll answer that come I
don't understand why she did it actually
yes I do I understand why she did it
because she wanted people to talk about
it which is what I'm doing I need to
stop okay let me break it down first of
all we as a country have a problem why
do we keep liking terrible things and
terrible people why is we G number one
at the box office because we're terrible
people and we're supporting terrible
things not saying when G was a terrible
movie but yes I am I saw it there was
nothing scary in it there is a bunch of
shopping carts that would pop out I
guess that's scary if you're a homeless
person but that's a side note I actually
didn't hate ouija that much I kind of
liked it I'm part of the problem but
back to Kim Kardashian um okay I have
always had this to this anger toward the
Kardashians because I feel like they're
famous for nothing obviously they had
that reality show which is terrible tell
funny at all just them being like rich
and annoying and then fucking and then I
feel bad for the dad because he's like
trying to go through this transgender
transition I think and I feel like we
should be supporting him but instead
everybody's making fun of him and I feel
like his wife is great I just there's so
much wrong with them and with the way
that we talk about them and I just don't
and I feel bad talking negatively about
them because I don't like talking
negatively about people that's a lie
what I meant to say was I feel bad that
are making me talk negatively about that
because that's what they want they do
annoying things so that we talk about it
then I feel bad that I'm like Oh am i a
bad person for being mad at the
Kardashians but no I think I'm just a
person I feel like I feel like we all
are annoyed with them right do they have
fans I don't understand who's their fans
I left on their Instagram and they get
like a million likes per picture who is
that who is liking a picture of Chloe
fucking putting on lipstick who's liking
a picture of that short one fucking
making out with her husband who's liking
a picture of Kim Kardashian's fat ass
fucking hanging out of a dress well me I
like that one but I liked it ironically
all right sorry
sigh Jack let's talk about the picture
I'm not shocked by it I don't know why
people are shocked by it
it's her ass we've all seen it I've seen
it with a dick in it so I don't know why
people are like oh my god can you
believe what she's doing
yeah remember that one time where she
got famous for having sex with a person
on camera well this is kind of like that
but instead of a dick it's a bottle of
champagne which she could fit up there
you'd fit a few up there happen to you
and then you got Kanye who I actually
think is a smart talented guy and I
think he does love her and I think they
do probably have a great relationship
but I don't know what kind of a guy
would be okay with this like if Lisa was
like hey honey I want to like take off
my pants and like pose with my ass Fred
open and then maybe I'm like champagne
flying out of it I'd be like first of
all you need to stop letting my uncle do
your photo shoots
second of all champagne why don't I go
god I'd love Diet Coke in my ass oh what
a dream I just don't understand we let
the wife do that I don't get it and I
don't understand why we're still
obsessed with them I don't care about
them I'm making this video because you
guys want me to but I would rather never
ever ever talk about them ever ever
again and you know the other side part
is they're probably not bad people
they're probably nice sweet people I
need to stop lying no I think they
probably are nice people but they're
making us hate them you know what I'm
saying it's like trolling it's like
they're trolling us they want us to hate
them and we keep giving them what they
want so I'm gonna make a path right now
I feel like I've made this pact before
to not talk about them I'm just I'm not
gonna do it and I really had a stuff
line cuz I'm gonna talk about them again
I swear to God next time Kim Kardashian
puts a bottle of fucking cooler ranch up
her ass I'm gonna fucking click on it
question of the day what did you think
of the picture are you shocked by it
what do you think in the Kardashians
let's talk about it cuz I need to know
that I'm not
here are we all are we all over it
anyways that was my rant today hopefully
you guys enjoyed it I hope he hit his
head funny with me fighting with you
I'll see you tomorrow
Oh big ass her ass got nothing on mine
if you put our asses side-by-side by the
way it's the same ass pers might be more
tan and more covered in oils and have
more money in it mine might be covered
in a birthmark that's in the shape of
Texas so much hair that it starts to
curl and become some kind of a dread and
skin tags but they're the same ass I'm
going to stop talking ah quit the homie
t-swizzle released a new music video for
her song which is about something that
doesn't happen often in Los Angeles the
link parking space I'm sorry it's about
it's about a blank space I'm talking to
myself
