twenty-two bomb.com where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet I do a lot of things in my life
I make youtube videos I do schoolwork I
sleep which takes forever I try to keep
it all balanced but sometimes I fail so
I contacted this guy he's great at
balancing things long story short he
couldn't help me at all but he can
balance a washing machine on one corner
as far as I can tell this is not super
beneficial to the human race but it does
take a lot of talent so respect my
question though is is how you learn
something like this as a kid you're like
okay I tried soccer didn't really like
it I try playing an instrument I'm not
very musical I tried getting in a
prostitution that's illegal
hmm what can I do next I know I'll
balance things on top of other things
Jennifer Lopez and edgy Azalea would be
very proud of the latest Kim Kardashian
photos because she got booty a lot of
booty and I shoot for paper magazine Kim
K just bear it all full frontal nudity
all of the parts of the body which is
fine I'm not sure what I'm supposed to
get out of this or feel as a human being
and Kim Kardashian wants to join a
nudist colony by all means go do it Kim
follow your heart follow your dreams
follow my Twitter these photos to me
just look kind of ridiculous and overly
touched up I can tell you for certain
that I am not remotely entertained by
these photos or this quote-on-quote
controversial Fiasco this is the
Internet people do weird shit all the
time
nude photos aren't new or groundbreaking
they're 50% whether you know that's used
for
the homie t-swizzle released a new music
video for her song which is about
something that doesn't happen often in
Los Angeles blank parking space I'm
sorry it's about it's about a blank
space I'm talking to myself so I have my
computer right here you get it by now
I've downloaded the album I have
listened to all the songs and I mean I'm
being straight up on into it I'm digging
Taylor Swift right now I'm digging the
song I'm legitimately excited to watch
the music video she's holding a cat that
cat is odorous oh my god he is beautiful
he is so brooding like she's just
casually painting a portrait of him
same list of ex-lovers Same Same Same
this week on YouTube I learned quite a
few things about youtuber Miranda sings
in the form of a Q&A video as soon as
mantener
to answer me questions and so now I'm
going to switch ass and will this be
nervine you know what is something
switching around you right now let's see
me something to you since we're gonna
sing steady Q and I and her mer fan does
sure seem to like it I thought it'd be
fun if I did a little mini bomb.com Q&A
okay so I asked on my Twitter link down
below if you guys had any questions for
me to make a Q&A about and the first
question is why our Q&A is so stupid ah
next question why does everyone feel the
need to do a Q&A like they aren't that
cool I mean they're a why are Q&A so
dumb there's nothing wrong with the two
letters Q&A strung together they're just
two of 26 they're just here to have a
good time and you guys are honestly
attacking them right now
watching this bootyful episode of
bob.com hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you
didn't enjoy this episode make sure to
give it a fun
yeah and shuen thumbs up and head on
over to youtube.com/scishow likes chizel
check out my latest video here is a tiny
tiny preview taking some singing lessons
and you can also subscribe while you're
over there and head down the description
box of this video to check out my
various social media links question of
the day what are your thoughts on the
Kim Kardashian photos it seems like a
lot of people have an opinion and I want
to hear yours so leave it in the
comments section
zel good yeah
