hey what's up you guys welcome back to
you what the fuck news my name is Destry
and I love The Legend of Zelda so much
that I got a tattoo of it is it awesome
yes will I regret it when I'm 50
probably but this is what the fuck news
we talked about the super weird after
news that you might have missed in the
last week and the first thing I want to
talk about today is the decline of
amanda Bynes
that rhymed unintentional amanda Bynes
being the beloved child star from 90s
who made shows like The Amanda Show or
the star of the movie she's the man
which honestly is one of my favorite
movies don't judge so lately amanda has
been for a lack of better words
absolutely fucking crazy for tweeting
Drake asking him to murder her vagina to
be weird
Skrillex style hairstyle she has now for
the constant use of drugs being in and
out of rehab Amanda is sadly definitely
a shadow of her former self recently a
man has been in the news for apparently
being homeless telling people that her
parents won't even pay for a place for
her to stay we recently learned that
this is actually false and that her
parents actually do pay for a place for
her to stay but it just isn't to her
liking I don't like these walls this
nice roof over my head and the
home-cooked meals fuck this I'm gonna go
be homeless what are you doing like I
didn't understand it maybe this place
was run by Freddy Krueger there's just
sharp knives sticking out of the wall
but how could you just be like nope fuck
this I hate this place
apparently her parents trying to give
her a place far away from Los Angeles
because she felt like paparazzi in that
scene is what caused her to start doing
drugs so I guess the moral of the story
is don't do drugs or better yet don't
become a child star because so many of
them turned out awesome right in Moore
what the fuck News CCTV footage caught a
man in Florida trying to steal a
chainsaw by sticking it in his pants
what was his plan here no one will
notice this giant object in my pants
notice think it's my boner and what did
this man need a chainsaw so badly for
that he was willing to go in steal it
I'm really hoping that he doesn't have a
leather face that he puts on a basement
full of bodies somewhere that he needs
to cut up anyway the 28 year old Anthony
Ballard then tried to casually walk out
of the store but unsurprisingly was
stopped by employees when they were
probably like are you trying to steal
that what I boner dude don't look at my
voter that's gross sir you're not
fooling anyone
no one's penis in the world looks like
that that's when he bolted out of the
door just so surprised that people saw
past his criminal genius how did they
know he was got a few blocks away by
police and now faces grand theft charges
in viral video what the fuck news a
video went viral showing a woman
explaining that monster energy drinks
are run by the devil look at your hand
closely so you're going to eat the
letter v is also the number six you
could have here in hey bro
666 on the can but my interest is the
word monster what do you see in the old
there's a cross okay what has Christ got
to do with an energy drink here is the
message you Antichrist
six-six-six and neighbor and then the
Bible talks about based in Revelation
and look at monsters and and what is
witchcraft when the cross goes upside
down bottoms up
this is exactly the reason why I hate
watching national treasure because
they're just coincidental things that
people draw false conclusions to I think
word says George Washington if you
rearrange the words it says Oreo Gaston
egg which clearly points to Oreo knowing
the secret location of Atlantis what the
fuck I could be wrong though and
meanwhile the devil's just sitting
somewhere like oh no not likely but you
know finally in some movie news the
final trailer for The Hobbit the Battle
of the five armies is just been released
and holy shit am i excited you started
this
we'll forgive me if I finish it
will not hide but others fight our
battles for us
one question to us I shall this day
hey excited I'm sure that 98% of you
don't give a single fuck about the new
Hobbit but Shh don't ruin this for me
I'm just so excited for someone who
watches 13 hours of behind-the-scenes
footage of The Hobbit Lord the Rings and
someone who's just been religiously
watching Lord the Rings since he was 13
I am just so beside myself and I can't
wait okay yeah no I'll shut up now sorry
sorry you have a lot of stuff to do and
I'm just you know cutting into your day
oops
I'm just kidding anyways though this has
been what the fuck news every big
question of the day for you guys is what
show did you love watching that is no
longer on the air my personally would
probably have to be cat dog and all that
ah seriously the best shows ever if even
one of you though says Zack and Cody I
will literally punch you square the
lymph node so you know just don't do
that leave those in the comments down
below all of these stories as always in
the description down below as well as
all of my links like my Twitter and
Instagram and Facebook and all that good
shit all that goes shit before you guys
go make sure to check out my newest
video of my channel where I talk about
moving across the country anyways though
I'll see you next week for another one
fuck news and Fairwinds
you
