you're like it was really weird was like
a chocolate company but when I got there
it was like a shed and there's a guide
and like an old lady with a pot melting
chocolate I know it was they filmed it
money more than I I'm really following
up with you said you wanted a perfect
mood on this one hey guys okay really
quick before this video starts I just
want to let you guys know that epic meal
times new TV show Epic Meal Empire is on
tonight a new night a 10 o'clock on fYI
they are not paying you to talk about
this I fucking love Harley I love the
show I've seen every episode and I just
really want to let you guys know about
it because I want to uh I want us to
help make this show huge and I want
everybody to fucking watch it tonight at
10 o'clock so here's a sneak preview
they sent me a clip to show you guys and
um I will see you after the clip I'm
very thankful for the avocados huh
your creamy green flesh is the perfect
accent to so many light yet satisfying
dishes yes you can cost upwards of $5
each but you are worth every single
penny see it goes well with bacon
what's wrong I just don't feel good
right now what's wrong I don't have
anything funny to say today that's not
true no it's weird when I come down here
I don't have any time to be sad I'm at
home I could sleep like a lot oh but
when I'm here with you all I just have
to be doing something or I try I fell
asleep today while he was watching
people like it their heads talked off or
something okay first of all I was not
watching people get their heads chopped
off I was watching women get murdered
it's a whole different thing
second of all you're sad all the time no
I feel okay right now you just don't
like that song I don't know what's up
but I can't find the chorus the chorus
is when she goes if you wanna fuck me
you're gonna gonna gonna have to put
your thing goes in me that's of course
my fingers you think she likes ariana
grande yeah three three great but it's
pinkie ring and middle oh yeah yeah so
we are on our way to hang out with Trish
speaking of fingers and vaginas how many
think she could put in there question of
the day we're gonna hang out with her
make some videos hang out drew is uh
feeling very sad right now his family
died help myself starting to get sad so
if you take a nap there's a tip for the
teens oh okay if you fall asleep you
wake up you're not sad anymore
that's not true it is for a for a small
time depression like kinda like poor
man's episode you can fall asleep for a
little bit and it'll be gone because
it's not that serious but if something
really horrible happens to you like
you'd go through a traumatic experience
you might need to like let it go for a
few days there's a lot of things that
can happen to a lot of different people
a lot of anyways I have an otter on my
sweater and that's not I don't really
know what's happening to your fashion
hahaha we're picking up trash and Drew's
being such a gentleman look he's getting
in the backseat
I feel better he's letting her live
there fill me in when the guys look you
can't tell but there's a man and he's
putting together so excited they're
eating chicken nuggets I feel I
seriously feel like I'm close I'm so
close to magic and one day I'll be
magical first of all you were in a movie
I know but this is like a real ahh
oh she's coming she's coming oh she's
getting in the back she doesn't know
hahaha
prank video though
let me for the pragma those are prank
video look at all that shrimp he wants
huh we got me boobs out I got my bra is
my trusty smalls they come out other out
under your shirt
yeah but not anymore what you're getting
just get him back in like that no I'm
just pushing in I just don't like that
what I do with my bones all the time see
me do it right literally outside the
kitchen talking to you the other day and
I wasn't even thinking I just like unzip
my pants come down and then I moved my
balls around and I felt okay and you
were like hi what are you doing nothing
ah sorry I'm adjusting you have to
adjust very big like they're that big
they are big sometimes we lost my hair
balls mango not slept so that it has
Paul but legs are fat
you know what balls are there stirs the
semen yeah but when you lose weight you
see men ah I heard dr. Selda say that
one time I lost 200 pounds of semen
we're gonna finish up and we're gonna go
back to Trish's and she got me pupcakes
now in the chair no you didn't win the
chair and time is Jer you can have one
coming mister well I think I can have
three oh my god oh my god a hashtag
train
honestly we should write it yes let's no
good writers no let's just write drew
tampons are good we're trying to figure
out we're thinking like a Lube challenge
or condom challenge or maybe a douche
challenge living for that we should do
never douche
I've never do she either douche behind
the scenes of the something choice just
selfies by the condom I mean that's what
you do okay why is this testicle sitting
on your cap oh my god what the hell is
what is it a vagina it's a big veiny
vagina
no what oh my oh it has to yeah ha ha ha
China eating a vagina
that's literally like me when um I'm a
huge ass
I think drew would fuck that should put
up his butt hey living so now we are
here we're back and we got fucking
cupcakes so excited about this oh my god
those are for you there's a message in
there for you oh shit oh look at that
you deserve it means I deserve a you
don't know what's come for good oh my
god oh yes your kiss you just wanted a
kiss wait shut that in my pussy you
should look up each one cuz you love the
projects one for everyone that voted I
think you should then I'll eat one for
Hollidaysburg love Hollidaysburg I'm
hugging it's not just for the blog for
life oh my god well I got a ticket let
me say good bye good man thank you
I'm gonna take advice yeah you like to
film yourself is my aspirin oh machine
hmm
oh come on is your happiness I love it
the wall black blue want black babies no
wait do you shared yes did you make an
announcement speech on your win did you
make an acceptance speech I think so
who did you think thanks room I think
you I think I think the voters I think
the world I love it lady band-aids okay
so we just had some cupcakes I had a lot
of them sure had a lot of them and - I
have three but I only at the tax oh
don't judge me so right now I'm showing
it oh oh just trying to find clothes to
wear for this video
erskyll yeah romesco is oppressed
three-part pretzels just like some
janitor that like condensed you oh I
think we are the petals mighty mighty
petals wrap them wrapping wrapping all
three poor pretzels look it up that is a
real that's a real school should be
looking Animalia way he said they were
small which as you're excited as I wear
this to bed
alright try mom yeah here we go get
those baby legs yeah I can see your
piece it's sunken in there you're not
hearing show us your fucking penis show
us that who wants to see my car we do
you ready to see that cock anyways oh so
they're gonna film video I'm gonna leave
you by and yeah I'm uncomfortable I'm
uncomfortable
why I'm no oh we got some funny good
beer everything in you boys I don't know
about you I'm feeling 22 oh you give me
an actor yeah it didn't like my vocal
limping but it's fine
