later on it gained a little weight and
then I couldn't get hired at those
places so I had to go to the valley and
that's my starting Godfather I
researched ugly strippers in LA to see
where I have the best chance of getting
higher way to know yourself though bro I
feel like that's true that's honest
hey both of you guys okay it's been a
while since I've done this but I'm
feeling you know in the mood I feel like
my throat is lubed I feel like my voice
is warmed I'm ready to destroy any song
that comes in my way now I know Taylor
Swift is a big thing right now so I'm
trying to find some Taylor Swift on this
karaoke website I'm gonna do I don't
know very many Taylor Swift songs
I only know 22 and we're never getting
back together like ever
besides up I don't know shit 1989 I have
no idea which by the way think about it
she was born one year earlier than me
which makes her 25 that's pretty old to
be complaining about your boyfriend
still just sayin I mean I don't complain
about my relationships you know I mean
I'm still with Lisa
that's stupid fat dumb cunt let's get
sing it okay here we are karaoke party
we're back bitch here to waste all my
money
oh here's Kaler ah oh they have 22 Oh
bitch oh who is that oh okay hold on
oh no I need to grab I get rid of this
person uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh okay I'm gonna
try that again
how do I get rid of that whatever the
fuck that was okay here we go here we go
I'm gonna give it I'm gonna give it
solid fucking try yeah feels like a
perfect night dress up like hipsters fun
of our exes okay this is good why isn't
it gonna be good it feels like a perfect
night for breakfast at midnight that was
fuckin on point
where's uh-uh-uh
ah the fact that that gives me five
stars I mean oh yeah yeah okay I'm
getting to announce I don't know about
you I'm feeling 22 oh damn you give me
an actor yeah it didn't like my vocal
limping but it's fine everything will be
all right here who can fix up unlikely
one fucking nailed it bitch not that
hard to sing Taylor Swift I could be
Taylor Swift I have just as much anger
and rage ishita's all right what should
we do next
feel like I should do like a sad song
like a slow something beautiful just
romantic Oh
chandelier I just heard the song for the
first time yesterday to urban outfitters
don't go don't get okay I'm gonna start
over cuz I don't know this song about a
girl don't get cut don't feel anything
when will I look up push it down
I push it down oh oh bitch
oh I'm a good pun for that one I'm not
doing words but I'm doing okay I feel
the love I feel the love
oh oh kinetics bitch
members and hey fuck it I'm gonna blow a
load imma bust okay
I can't an Jamaica bitch you're better
than me I can't do it I just do one more
oh say something I should do that story
of my life
huh okay there's a lot of good ones okay
story not I don't know say something sir
my life safely sorry Mac I heard this
one yes Rio talk I was getting my jump
ring hey it's only be Gooden of toys
that I can explain I leave my heart open
but it stays right here empty today tell
me in the morning I don't know where the
note is seems look to me something
something weird written on that stone
now that one bitch and I'll be gone gone
tonight the ground beneath my feet is
open wide
but that's scary Oh
tight with nothing in between just let
go
I mean give up my life I I've touched
yeah hey coming very lion-king about
that song I just understood what that
songs about I think he's actually
hanging on a building thinking about
falling and doesn't decide to do it and
I may have to listen awesome can't wait
for the next album where guys go that
was me singing three songs terribly I
feel confident I feel ready to go to
Hollywood and can I can't wait for my
new EP to drop I think it's dropping the
same day as Ricky Moran and Trevor
Dillon that's not right Trevor Moran and
Ricky Dillon I should know that I bust
to them all right because I've owned a
be happening with you make sure to leave
a comment letting me know what songs I
should sing next time and I hope you
guys had fun I'm gonna go sing alone hi
oh do they own you Hey hi one what you
three three one two three one two three
three bottom down Roger started okay
kidding she knows when you're making a
video shows to get out of the way yeah
she's smart body goes unicorn I'm
filming this oops huh get out and get a
wet wet away oh I love bitches work for
you
