later on it gained a little weight and
then I couldn't get hired at those
places so I had to go to the valley and
that's my starting Godfather I
researched ugly strippers in LA to see
where I have the best chance of getting
higher way to know yourself though I
feel like that's true that's honestly ah
hey guys I'm here with you okay we're
tape and we are on our way to El Torito
right now because that's where we go cuz
we're classy and we are celebrating the
finale of the chair I don't know if I
won yet but we're gonna find out in like
an hour or two and I want to be around
food when I find out so I can
emotionally eat a lot of friends are
gonna be here oh quit Zachary Quintos
coming he's very excited he loves his
chickie toes extra sour cream bitch and
yeah yeah okay guys just happen I just
checked Twitter because we're not
watching the show live but we found out
that we were all really loud I'm so
excited I'm so Jarrod so excited sorry
right now
he was midship it's kind of like
simultaneous orgasm busy one and I had
that bit of sour cream on the back of my
yes that's beautiful in my mouth thank
you mom what do you think like that oh
we can do spray oh just eat a chip
everybody's here Jeremy is refiner
husband their co-star the movie what do
you think we were
ah
I was like oh my god it's good I'm not
dead you guys I'm not crunchy there
she's pregnant I'm not right no that's
just bad it's just II that's just the
Mexico today
well happy y'all can see me out I'm in
it I'm free we just watch the show it's
over thank God thank you guys so much
for voting and thank you for everybody
who voted who wasn't a fan of mine who's
just watching the chair and like not
cool thank you thank you to everybody
here you guys were all well there was a
lot of actors in here that were in the
movie there's obviously producer here is
in the movie Josh shader no no and and
we're all very proud so now we're just
gonna dance and Lauren's gonna suck on
some helium and it's gonna get real
weird
yeah I just cried all over Lauren I'm so
proud of you
what was your favorite part when you
shaved your head I shaved my head yeah
it made me cry hey happy the show is
over I guess I it's been so exciting
well we're gonna do more more movies
more crying and a lot of cake
drew you won yeah how are you talking
you're alright oh yeah I really enjoyed
your
your moment on the finale here check it
out guys dressed no emotions no idea it
was weird to watch it is so much weirder
than I thought was it weird it was weird
watch i'ma show didn't have fun with
other people was weird was a bad hour of
my life the ending was cool I like Holly
how'd you do the thing ya watch a show
if you want to see how that it was
interesting okay guys we're playing a
game right now called moth why do they
work we're sitting in a group and a
moderator gave us all cards whoever gets
a joker is in the Mafia and they get to
kill people whenever they close their
computer so I'll show you what card I
got I'm not gonna show anybody else and
then we just open her eyes not only are
you dead the air gets hung you from the
flat pool City Hall for all the singing
oh I got Rachel honey like that people
done been hung in the bones either well
y'all wanna say I'm hot somebody Landis
clinched a murder cannot be tolerated in
quizzo
hmm so you all need an emergency meeting
right now emergency that just amongst
yourselves who this hair just could be
tell you what you lie you know it's not
me I did I think I'm talking from the
side of his mouth I think event - oh
well he's one of them huh I know a shame
when you googled remarks and welcomes up
me cute cool you google share me anime
Pete Shane Dawson we hurtle yo man you
got a point
you know what else pops up winner of the
chair how I distract okay the round is
finished and that was the killer again
all of the women I murdered my mom this
is weird the town of Quinto we're all in
place we all will ourselves we uh we're
gonna eat some more cake all right it's
the end of the night and somebody needs
to suck on that helium somebody needs to
do it damn girl
slow down what are you talking about oh
shit I got it
oh is it I don't know if I like this oh
my god you grabbed yesterday baby with a
chair Shane oh my God thank you by the
way I in no way meant you look oh let me
get that straight I've been on earth am
i doing right it sounds like you think
you're not doing it right if you don't
sound like Murphy notch it down I'll
just lay I know you feel a time villian
every day I get that microphone and hit
the money
come on watch me slay oh that's good
wait I want to do rickey dillion give a
ttle give a wet wet away oh I love
bitches work for you oh there you guys
go
I understand at the nineteen out in my
mom's office looking at all the artwork
on the wall it's very interesting to see
like this was my first little article in
the paper this was me and my grandma
kind of cool to see how far I've come
you know how much acne I have now I'm
very very excited and proud and um just
just happy with the whole experience and
you know besides all the drama on
Twitter with a chair and Zachary Quinto
and all that shit it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter because I'm proud of the
movie and you guys love it and a lot of
people love it and I'm just happy so
muffins would you think I agreed so yeah
the experience is over and and I love
you guys so much and very very excited
so yay I don't really have that much
that much else to say except for you
know I think a lot of people think oh
you know it's not fair because Shane had
more fans online or oh it's you know his
movie was he didn't get good reviews so
it doesn't deserve to win or whatever
but if you do your research the voting
was really fair and like there was not
that many votes and a lot of the votes
got thrown out because people are trying
to cheat and a lot of the chair audience
really liked my movie if you go to the
chairs Facebook there's a lot of
comments for people who weren't my fans
who are like 40 50 year old people just
like pay I love Shane's movie I didn't
know who he was
I'm not ashamed fan and I loved it so
I'm not going to sit here and let people
say that it was bullshit or that I
didn't deserve to win because I'm gonna
be I think I made an entertaining movie
I really do and I think I made a movie
that people like and they rewatch and
I'm excited
so anyways side note if you want to
watch the chair it's not on TV anymore
but it is available on iTunes so if you
don't have stars which a lot of you
don't you can watch the whole season
it's like 10 bucks or something but you
can watch it from start to finish you
can see me and Lauren fighting you can
see me shave my head you can see Zachary
Quinto hating me it's a college you can
see me winning you can see at all so go
there I'll put the link down there and
here's a little clip why not enjoy it
was a stepping out of this young
internet world that I've been a part of
for the last eight years
and I was happy and I'm ready to move on
in direct movies and still make Internet
videos but hopefully it'll be okay that
I have a shaved head I'll be a little
creepy
especially since my audience is pretty
young but you know what maybe they'll
grow up with me how'd you guys hope
you're funny with me
I had funny with you I'll see you
tomorrow thank you thank you so much
