the whole time I'd be like I want to say
if you'd one do a collab with me I'll
change you I'll fix you I couldn't do
that
no touching no touchy did you ever have
a guy who was like like that like I can
save you baby oh yeah yeah yeah for sure
yeah he's 52 now there's a lot of yes we
are doing some really weird videos today
I'm just warning you guys this is gonna
get uncomfortable like my bra because it
doesn't fit oh speaking of which we
aren't in your bedroom is in the murse
look at this beautiful bedroom behind us
Thanky ou decorated by me you can see
you can kind of see it but she has her
name in lights mm-hmm right over the bed
is that where you like show people
Hollywood they leave in the morning that
we remember a name select Rashad that's
a Evonik spit oh so true um so here's
what we're gonna do on my channel we're
gonna be tasting flavored lubes and
condoms and guessing what they are I'm
an expert I am an expert I don't think
I've ever tried a flavored lube I don't
know I don't need Lube what it was a
sure thing you notice a and then over on
her channel we did we just went and we
bought a bunch of random stuff at the
sex stores we're gonna do a sex store
haul ah here we go starting with the
lubes and the sexy music starts now
oh yeah I got really thankful right it's
going on here you good yeah they gave me
a little baggie um so we can't look okay
so we have to try and we have to guess
what it is
okay so here's a Lube you guys can see
it we're not gonna look we don't know
what it is you ready how you open it I
don't know I just twist it it's like a
squeeze it I'm gonna blue all over my
room
okay Lube everywhere like a Sunny
Delight I think so here we go
oh that's good way how are we doing this
are we just taking my shots of it I
guess yeah ready
Oh eat that 1x paper it's poison what is
that oh I think it's poison what you
think is I think it's I think it's just
like a chauvinism non don't waver yeah
yeah did you saw it that's the word why
do people suck dick Bailey's and cream
oh that's not good nasty that was so
nasty oh my gosh here we go ready for
the next one
yes okay we don't know what it is but
here you go they pray can't see that
okay okay oh my god
bottoms up no I'm so scared oh oh oh oh
nothing your mouth what is war I'm
swearing the next one what do you think
it is it's IPAs vanilla it has to be
medical oh it's tropical teas mm-hmm I'm
scoring as much as you squared my
muscles you literally just be like a
taste
oh you score a thing oh my good ooh oh
you're on someone else does it in your
mouth
we're just you ashamed us just look it
oh we make him a hot mouth hot I don't
like I don't like it a little bell I'm a
koala whale is oh yeah baby peppermint
oh no no no I know this one raspberry
maybe why I'm not going to my uncle oh
wait clothes sinful strawberries
oh that's not bad God your spit makes me
want to like living living for my loose
ball how much more do we have this a
losses I hate this challenge real much
just a little dribble under here
then it's just a little bit I don't
think RIS was he eating it like I think
it's really looking um run-run our
insides are gonna be slippery yeah
you're gonna poop fine no I
it tastes like that gross gum that were
it's like apple pie flavor this tastes
like vanilla flavor maybe vanilla Oh
peaches and cream I'm actually I'm gonna
die from all this lay Liuba remodel what
if we fit called like poison control and
it's like what happened well we were
doing like a Lube although are you ready
oh oh not bad yeah it's like berry
that's definitely very something whoo
yeah like a gusher mm-hmm oh I could eat
that what is it I come up with that oh
your tongue mo Oh
all right let's only do one more of
those yeah yeah yeah I'm like over this
loop challenge we'll move on to condom
no Jesus what help am i dying I'm dying
I think it's strawberry cream pie I
don't think that he is raspberry
probably no passion fruit the worst
Starbucks flavor ever all right so
here's how we're going to the condoms
because we're only gonna do one cuz I'm
getting sick I'm like nauseous have
three there are weird weird flavors now
she close your eyes and picked up pants
is insane Oh hmm I want this okay I know
what it is so you're gonna get something
you're gonna do one for me okay well I'm
putting it on a Decker what are we doing
close your eyes Tricia's fist you like
guess who's digging it here we go here
we go Oh bunny to candy it's just a
condom I will do it very non-sexual yeah
unhappy Hey
I am I taste the banana he's like freely
I don't know what is it I can't taste it
I know what it is I can kind of did you
oh it's gone Cola that shouldn't cover
boy I wish it I love it you on put a
condom on I told you to do a challenge
like that cuz i don't know guys i hit a
comic dude i don't know what this you do
it ok that only has icicles take it off
now i'm gonna pick one oh yeah yeah oh
this looks fun it's blue it's never
gonna be that big so you know i was
gonna say this is going all the way down
alright bottoms up what is it
try the shaft me will get more flavor
down there Oh fine I have a lot of
flavors Mike what do you think it is
what is it blueberry no vanilla really
yeah oh oh no yeah mm-hmm interesting
color for vanilla all right well racist
I like him a good joke cuz we've like
she's been dry research let's go we're
covered in Lube we got condoms in our
mouths but you know what we're promoting
safe sex yeah yeah those the moral of
this whole thing and lubricated cycle
yeah and it's your sex like that org son
teen mom it's a thing
what is that prevent teenage pregnancy
that's what we're trying to do here
they're at Abraham is preventing teen
you can see all around the world she's
not on the next teen moms bitch I know
well I guess go be up on even s be about
anything make sure to go Patricia's
channel subscribe and make sure to check
out this sex toy whatever hall that we
did it's gonna get even grosser than
this ready Jim I've ever known I'm
hoping that after this fever all
survived Oh bitch got Ebola quarantine I
know I'm acting a bit crazy seriously
bitch got Ebola quarantine strung out
and a little bit hazy maybe it's not
Ebola
maybe it's crack it's probably crack
