guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with Sofia it was so fun how did you
enjoy it
I loved it and there is a tow cake oh
right there and it's making me feel
really good things inside Halen's if you
guys yes welcome back to another creepy
video now today we're gonna be talking
about Hollywood everything about
Hollywood look so beautiful the red
carpets the fancy dresses the mansions
the money the cars living in Hollywood
is something that comes to everybody
wants being famous is something that
many people dream of and to get there
some people wouldn't even cheat lie
steal or so today we're gonna be talking
about some of the scariest Hollywood
myths and some of the creepiest
Hollywood stories so let's start with
something that is very common in
Hollywood cults the Jonestown Massacre
and the Manson Family called two of the
scariest cults of all time and you know
they have in common that's right they
both started in Los Angeles now this is
not a surprise to me I live in Los
Angeles and the cult mentality is crazy
and I'm not just talking about actual
scary calls
I mean there's a cult of people who love
Starbucks a cult of people who love
cupcakes a call to people who are
obsessed with doing hot yoga every
single day at the same time in LA people
get that cult mentality and they feel
like oh I have to do this one thing and
be with this one group of people to get
famous and sometimes that cult mentality
can lead to so first we're going to talk
about the Manson Family coat in 1969
Charles Manson created a family he
brainwashed a bunch of sad people in LA
to believe every word he said and then
one night him his brainwashed followers
went to a woman's house named Shannon
Tate murdered her and her unborn child
and form of her friends now one of the
creepiest parts about that story is the
killers took Sharon Tate blood and wrote
pig on her front door now flash forward
to the early 90s Trent Reznor the leads
the man called nine inch nails bought
the house and converted it into a music
studio the craziest part he called it
pig studios in this picture you can see
him sitting in front of the door that
still has pink written on it in blood
now speaking of cults the next thing I'm
going to talk about is very
controversial and I don't want to get
killed so I'm not gonna call it a cult
but it definitely shows signs of
coldness that's right we're gonna be
talking about Scientology
so Scientology is a religion that was
created by a science fiction writer
that's right the entire religion is
based on a book by l ron Hubbard a guy
who wrote books like an alien affair the
carnival of death and Battlefield Earth
that same guy who wrote all of those
science fiction books created in
religion now in short this religion
believes that aliens suck onto our
bodies and make us sick I don't want to
judge but what anyways if you want to
learn all about Scientology and actually
enter the religion it's gonna cost you
about two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars now that's how much it costs you
to learn like everything to get on the
high level now I'm sure you guys know
all about this stuff
because it's been all over the news and
it's crazy one of the craziest things
they do is they literally delete you
like if you and your family aren't in
the church for some reason you leave or
family member leaves that person that
leaves is now non-existent you are not
allowed to talk to them you are not
allowed to use a their name so imagine
if you go to church and for some reason
you're like that
this anymore you leave and now your
entire family has to pretend that you
don't exist
now allegedly if the church starts to
feel like maybe you're going to leave or
maybe you're doing weird things it will
track you using spies that's right
they'll follow you around
they'll take pictures of you and you're
not looking and they'll keep everything
they get to use as blackmail and you
would think all of this would keep
people away no here is just a list of a
few celebrities that are or have been
involved in Scientology Tom Cruise
Nicole Kidman Will Smith back John
Travolta Jerry Seinfeld and even Brad
Pitt now as I'm sure a lot of you guys
know a former member Leah Remini has
been on kind of a crusade trying to take
down the church she's been trying to
expose the church and show how dangerous
they are now because of what she's doing
the church is pissed and they're trying
to take her down well I was on YouTube
recently and I saw a pre-roll ad that
was not an ad at all it was literally a
video probably created by the Church of
Scientology which had Leah's dad talking
shit about her what Leah said how much
is this it's $1,500 so I turned him
around and I said wait did you do this
for me she says yeah yeah I'll take care
of this what's the doctor's number
what's his name do you never did it yeah
Leah literally has exposed them for all
the crazy shit they've done and then
they come back and say uh you didn't
hear it as bill all right let's take a
break from the really creepy stuff for a
second and talk about some of the things
that literally may my mind bus we're
gonna talk about actors who might not be
who you think they are first let's talk
about Larry the Cable Guy so Larry the
Cable Guy is one of the biggest stand-up
comedians of all time and his whole
thing is like oh I'm a redneck white
trash guy and he has a really thick
southern accent I mean just take a look
at a clip I like to help people out and
I was doing it for three years I was
sponsored I adopted one named little
peckerheads down there all right well
then he revealed and that accent was
here he is talking in his real voice my
dad had my dad was a backwoods preacher
so my dad had a little bit of southern
accent and him he
going in school became school so he had
a little bit of that in what I've only
ever known him is like a little arrogant
we got that was a really bad impression
I think he was just talking normal bitch
I can't now another person who has a
completely different voice that we
thought they did was a guy named Gilbert
Godfrey and Gilbert's made an incredible
career based on the fact that he has
like this annoying voice and funny I
mean just take a look at a stand up I
visited dr. Kevorkian the other day well
then on the Howard Stern Show Howard
played a clip of Gilbert calling
somebody's voicemail and leaving a
message in his normal voice it freaked
yeah yeah Gary its Gilbert I can't we be
there tomorrow but if you could call a
cobia and just tell me what exactly is
going on tomorrow no
yeah I'm just going to be there and
everything like that my whole childhood
is a lie now that one is crazy but this
next one I debated even talking about
this because I don't want to look like
I'm like age is shaming but I'm just
gonna pose a question to you guys how
old do you think the actress rebel
Wilson is you know rebel Wilson from the
pitch perfect movies who played a
college student recently who is so
youthful and young and fun Jeff your
answer yet okay you're wrong
she's 37 I sometimes have a feeling I
couldn't a crystal meth but then I think
mmm Benin huh oh yeah
what 37 I literally what now listen I'm
not saying that's old that is not old
but I always thought she was in her 20s
and it turns out pretty much everybody
else did too
now I'm not gonna go into the whole
story because it's pretty long but a few
years ago a magazine did an article
about her and they said she was 29
now rebel didn't talk about this she
didn't correct them but she didn't
technically lie about her age well then
the nice thing came back out and said
that she lied about her age and it was
this whole big thing that rebels sued
them and it was the whole thing so she
says she's fine with us knowing her real
age but it is interesting that I feel
like we all thought she was a lot
younger than she is now speaking of
celebrities hiding things that they
don't want us to know about we're gonna
be talking about some celebrity
deformities now listen I am NOT trying
to make fun of these celebrities I'm
just pointing out that they have been
hiding some pretty cool things now first
let's talk about Matthew Perry now of
course we all know Matthew Perry as
Chandler from one of my favorite shows
of all time France and I'm not kidding I
literally have a pillow of central
Burger now I am the biggest friend's fan
of all time and even
I did not know this Chandler Bing has
never had the tip of his finger that's
right he literally is missing the tip of
one of his fingers and I never knew that
now it's kind of hard to notice but if
you look at the interviews of him where
he talks with his hands you can
definitely see it when he was three
years old he had a car door accident and
he lost a pretty good amount of his
middle finger and he doesn't hide it we
just don't really know it
speaking of fingers I have definitely
talked about this before but it's worth
bringing them again I'm not gonna go too
into this all I'm gonna say is Denzel
Washington's finger is everything yeah
that's his finger that's the way it's
bent I nobody talks about it you can
even see it in his Hollywood Walk of
Fame where he put his hand in prints
into cement but for some reason nobody
really knows or talks about it which is
really cool but any damn like how did we
miss that now if we're gonna talk about
celebrity myths we definitely have to
talk about tailors now over the years I
have talked about so many myths and
theories about her one of the theories
is that she's actually a clone of a
woman named zine Xena was the high
priestess of the Church of Satan and if
you look at them side-by-side they're
literally the same burrs and of course
then there's all the rumors that she's
the name loominatee and that her feud
with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West was
all planned for promotion for both of
them I mean she's recently been
promoting her new album with a snake
which is what Kim called her like it all
seems very planned but this myth is
something that has been around since the
beginning of Taylor's career and I have
three buddy and Hollywood talks about it
but for some reason I've never seen
people talk about it online now this is
the myth that the reason Taylor Swift's
first album really blew up was because
her dad bought a shit ton of copies and
put them in a warehouse that's right the
rumor is that her dad was like listen
the only way to get you out there is to
have your first album have a big first
week in sales but nobody really knows
who you are yet so what if I just buy a
shit ton of them and keep them in some
storage facility well her first album
had a big first week even though she
wasn't really that thing is fair and
genuine
believe that there is some warehouse out
there that is filled with like a hundred
thousand Taylor Swift albums and this is
something that everybody talks about so
many people the music industry so many
agents and managers
I just heard people over the years
talking about this like it's literally
real but once again I don't even sued or
killed by the Illuminati so I don't know
if they might be alive but either way
it's kind of genius I mean I guess
snakes are smart now this next myth is
something that I definitely talked about
like three years ago but I could not
ignore it in a Hollywood myths video and
that is the myth that in the movie
Wizard of Oz you can see a munchkin in
the background kill themselves now in
this clip from the movie if you look in
the background you can see what looks
like a little body hanging
now this is a legend that's been around
forever I remember even my mom talking
about it I was a kid but supposedly it's
not a much canvas supposedly it's a prop
or something I mean all the filmmakers
have said that nobody died on the set
but it looks like Munchkin now one of
the biggest myths and legends in
Hollywood revolves around the Hollywood
sign now the Hollywood sign is iconic
everybody comes here and wants to get a
picture with it people sneak in all the
time and try to climb it but if you've
been living here for a while and you're
aware of all the legends you stay away
because the Hollywood sign is incredibly
haunted in 1932 a 24-year old struggling
actress named peg Entwistle climbed the
45 foot tall letter H of the Hollywood
sign and then jumped to her death now
supposedly if you go there at night and
you look up you can see if it goes to
peg standing on top of the H and then
jump to our death
now that's especially terrifying to me
because the vibe in Hollywood is dark
it's not a happy place where people feel
like oh I'm living my dreams it's a
place where thousands of people come try
to make it as a star they don't make it
kill themselves
I mean literally just walk into like a
target at 3:00 p.m. on a weekday and it
is just dark the amount of out-of-work
actors who are incredibly depressed by
it and a lot of them end up just like
well there you guys go those are some of
the scariest Hollywood myths and
theories if you like this video and you
want to see more scary myths give me a
thumbs up so idle and if you want to see
the last scary myth videos I did I
didn't want on teenage myths and I did
want a childhood myths
to a playlist for the top description
below right you guys I'm gonna go make
sure to subscribe to my channel in the
North vacation Bell because I make new
videos every day and I will see you guys
tomorrow come visit Hollywood sometime
