ah this is gonna be depressing alright
today I'm going to be talking about a
song now this song isn't as fun as the
songs I usually talk about
there's no anaconda there's no buns that
want it there's no shaking it off
there's a lot of crying a lot of
complaining a lot of Selena Gomez
looking like she wants to kill herself
which is the same way I felt in the
audience when I was watching Monte Carlo
no I'm kidding
kind of sotiently gomez his new song is
called heart wants what it wants
which is so true only replace heart with
stomach and that's my wife hmm I really
should have chicken and vegetables today
I'm feeling pretty bad are you Shane you
want to go to Taco Bell hold on let me
ask oh I'm in so as always I'm gonna
read the lyrics and see what it all
means now the song starts with some kind
of a sad crying voicemail where Selena
Gomez basically says she feels hurt
abandoned and sad feel like Harper from
Wizards of Waverly Place has sent her
the same voicemail multiple times Selena
you there hello it's so ironic that we
were on the show about magic and you
disappear you bitch call me back bite
you got me sippin on something I can't
compare to nothing you can pry compared
to a couple things
I mean tapioca pudding egg whites if
it's me some kind of a barbecue sauce I
have a lot of diseases I've ever known
I'm hoping that after this fever I'll
survive Oh bitch got Ebola quarantine I
know I'm acting a bit crazy seriously
bitch got Ebola quarantine strung out
and a little bit hazy maybe it's not
Ebola
maybe it's crack it's probably crack
hand over heart I'm praying oh I love
that but you're supposed to pray like
this this is saluting to the national
flag there's a difference that I'm gonna
make it out alive what is she going
through what is making her want to kill
herself is it Justin Bieber good girl if
you're watching this video it should not
be Justin Bieber did you need to move on
the beds getting colder when you're not
here you ever heard of hate blanket is
Jake the future that we hold is so
unclear very true when you're with
Justin Bieber you know you'd have a
clear future with the corn Bamm
you ever seen him he walks up and down
the street here's that card here's a
corn in it and goes boo boo but then all
the kids come running to get the corn
goes you want mayonnaise on that they go
oh yeah and then he puts hot sauce on it
and everybody's happy with a corn that
guy has a nice happy easy future what
I'm trying to say is go fuck the corn
man save your advice cause I won't hear
you might be right but I don't care I
haven't heard the song but she rhymed
care with here because in that case
you'd say I don't ker which is amazing
there's a million reasons why I should
give you up but the heart wants what it
wants it's the same way I feel about
food although there's 200 reasons why I
should give up food and those are all
pounds
you got me scattered into pieces shining
like stars and screaming jeez don't
bright lightning me up like Venus but
then you disappeared and make me wait I
think Selena Gomez squirts and every
seconds like torture hell over trip no
s'mores so I'm confused she got too deep
baby baby I can't escape now he's tying
her up you squirt and she's tied up
she's on crack there's a lot going on in
the song this is a modern fairy tale
really tangled frozen Selena Gomez and
Justin Bieber one of these things is
douchier than the other thing no happy
endings no wind in our sails but I can't
imagine a life without breathless
moments breaking me down now above
Selena you need to go back to Indian
Beatson if you have it come and get it
no I'm not way easier to follow and then
she talks not bad baby so cold she said
heart wants what it wants baby baby baby
baby and then she probably ends it with
some kind of a sad voice mail from David
Henry from Wizards of Waverly Place
saying you disappear and then it's over
I feel sad I'm gonna get that song three
out of four Harper's from Wizards of
Waverly Place I think it's a cute song I
think it's sweet yes it's sad yes it's
depressing
yes we're all tired of hearing about
Justin Bieber but um I like that she's
getting date let me know down in the
comments what did you think of the song
also give me a thumbs up subscribe
because I make new videos every day and
let me know if there's any more songs
you want me to talk about that's Selena
I'm just letting you know there are
other guys out there he's not the only
one I'm not even sure he is one what
about your little brother your little
brother from Wizards of Waverly Place
he's probably like 18 now you know him
like you guys are like friends I'm
pretty sure he's fucking Will Smith's
daughter but you can take that bitch
just try something else you know it's
like when you go to Souplantation and
you're used to only getting clam chowder
but then that one day you're like you
know what I'm gonna try the macaroni and
then you try the macaroni and you have
macaroni for the rest of your life
sometimes there's pubic hairs in it you
just pick them out and then you're fine
that's my wisdom to you aren't you guys
happy a funny of me I thought I will do
and I'll see you tomorrow bye bye Selena
get that macaroni girl pick up the boobs
bye
just because my dancing is severely
awkward doesn't mean I'm not having a
great time
