welcome to bomb.com we talk about things
that are blowing up on the internet well
I am sick at the moment but I am here
and you know what they say 60% of being
a dad has just shown up we beautiful
social media star with sublime hair and
a near perfectly chiseled jawline
cameron dallas is expanding his
entertainment career from six-second
vine videos' into a feature film with
awesomenesstv alice stars and his acting
debut alongside other youtubers and
social media personalities in the film
entitled expelled
I don't really know why it needed the
air quotes other than I was quoting the
title there's some extra for good
measure each trailer for the film was
just released and honestly I have no
idea what to expect so let's check it
out the trailer is up on screen I
clapped twice let's get started your
life isn't never-ending serious he's
already shirtless still shirtless got a
nobody look he's still shirtless this is
a real crime here about commitment you
understand the gravity situation he's
gonna do it anyway he did it anyway the
song begins to play that makes you feel
good about like being a teen and a rebel
I was not expecting much acting-wise
since he's never acted before but I feel
like that was pretty solid I think it's
really cool that as a social media
personality he is expanding his brand
and doing other projects so overall like
good on you mister Cameron Dallas good
for you go do the thing take on a very
teenager phrase this guy is literally me
at parties
just because my dancing is severely
awkward doesn't mean I'm not having a
great time I suppose the way to caption
this video would be there are two types
of people in this world the people
wondering where dey at go come on dance
a little bit
I can't dance on camera and those who
already know the solution of butter and
obesity an√≠bal Lecter and cannibalism
certain things just fit together and
through a completely freak of nature
occurrence or time-travel and 1980s or a
big exercise video and Taylor Swift
shake it all fit together just ever so
perfectly I personally get really
excited and just overall happy when
things work out when you schedule the
exact amount of time necessary between
two appointments and get there right on
time when you order the exact size pizza
you need when a new shirt fits just
right this year doesn't new so the fact
that this video in this song fit
perfectly together is like an early
Christmas gift to me this year on
YouTube I learned something I will not
have to deal with for a very long time
until I blink and then I will be there
28 things about being 28 despite the
fact that you don't own a house you
watch a lot of shows about remodeling
them your back hurts your knee hurts
your bank account hurts because you're
still playing off your student loan your
pride hurts in honor of this I have
calls upon the resident Bob Cobb beauty
guru to tell you a few things about
being immortal I mean being a teen girl
she's definitely a teen girl hey I am
sucks up to 12 year and today I'm gonna
be teaching you tips for luck living so
you're gonna want to make sure that you
don't eat too fast or else you could
throw it you also want to make sure that
you don't eat toilet paper I'll see you
all sure that you don't get too dizzy or
else you could throw make sure that you
don't eat lipstick or else you could be
really pretty color on your inside and
throat also want to make sure not to eat
poison or else you could throw up or die
and I'm not talking hair dye unless you
really like throwing up then you should
do those things but that's not on my
business
super watch your listen boo the episode
of bob.com hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel make
sure to give this episode a gargantuan
thumbs up and head on over to tom
specializes chizel check out my latest
video where i impersonated a few
different youtubers with another
youtuber click the link to find out who
it it it is you can also check out the
links in the description down below to
follow me on my various social media
platforms do it for money coalition of
the day you already heard my thoughts
but what are your thoughts on a vine
star doing the movie it seems like most
internet people have an opinion on it
one way or the other and I would like to
hear yours in the comment section above
psyche s below
