hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news my name is Destry
you probably didn't know this about me
but I'm actually a professional
underwear model ya know and so that's a
real picture there's no way my face
photoshopped on to a professional
underwear models body I know no no
chance a lot of people don't know but
this is what the fuck is we talk about
the super weird ass fucking news that
you might have missed in the last week
and firstly because Halloween was last
week there's a whole bunch of Halloween
related news that I want to talk about
today including the Halloween prankster
from Japan who dressed up like a
mannequin and scared the tits out people
then there was a guy dressed up as
Wolverine dancing to Beyonce is that my
dad dad get off the internet then of
course is the awful / awesome tradition
we're talk show host Jimmy Kimmel
showcases a bunch of videos of parents
telling their children that they ate all
their Halloween candy your cutie
are you mad
but next what the fuck News the Internet
is a strange and beautiful place which
has nothing to do with this next story
about Alex from Target outs of target is
now an internet sensation stemming from
a girl who took a picture of an
attractive male cashier at Target which
then spread like genital warts through
the internet when a bunch of dehydrated
preteens were thirsty for some more Alex
from Target saying things like I fell in
love with him the way you scan my items
slowly then all I've won for imagine
Alex from Target pinning you against the
wall if they whisper that near here your
total will be 23 47 Oh Alex
target Alex from time studies indicate
that a five out of four women who look
at Alex from Target get instantly went
Oh God
apparently it's called the Ryan Gosling
effect but since the picture Alex Lee on
twitter is a CL 163 I've gone from about
150 followers to 640 thousand followers
in just a few days it has even made an
appearance on The Ellen Show so how many
Twitter followers did you originally
have 144 and now 144 yeah now you have
500,000 or probably more now do you feel
now obligated that you have to tweet
things out like you're a big celebrity
or oh god I don't even know what to say
you sing you have any other Talent a
cabbage I mean I can apparently bag
groceries pretty well
Oh what is up with the dehydration of
our youth today so many thirsty bitches
and more with the but news in Alabama
man was arrested after he robbed four
Subway's at gunpoint after he failed to
lose weight on the subway diet what what
18-year old Zachary Raphael Torrance who
looks like this oh my god honestly you
know what this mugshot tells me that he
was still mad at Subway when he was
kidding his picture taken like that's
all he could think about fucking subway
anyway Zach told the detectives that
he's been on the subway diet for 11
months eating only two sandwiches a day
and then failed to lose any weight
that's when he went batshit crazy and
went into Subway's demanding to give his
money back at gunpoint
I believe fretful Lebanon Street this is
how you do me
brother fuck good news is though in jail
it doesn't cost five dollars to get a
footlong it just costs a really torn up
butthole
this message is brought to you by jail
jails it's great for your Buttle lastly
in some movie news that isn't really
movie news the trailer for the movie of
the internet meme grumpy cat has just
been released and it looks like
literally the worst movie that has ever
existed in the history of film my
Christmas wish I wish I wish you'd meet
a friend 100 mic-n depend Comey you
really screwed up your big wish okay for
anyone that loves Christmas stories
about here we go
goodwill I don't care joy
and peace to all hail and you are a
loser are you serious of course I'm
serious look at my face this Christmas
you were talking to me what are you some
kind of language I heard all of that
stop it you stop it you stop it which
when it comes to the holiday spirit
don't get sappy on me it I forgot it's a
Lifetime movie all pets are off grab
that cat I know there's a lot of memes
on the internet showing how much this
cat hates its life but I think now it
actually probably fucking aids it's like
a Christmas movie on a list of things
more awful than hell Christmas movies
with Tim Allen is number one just now I
will say one thing though Hollywood
really knows how to take things we love
and completely ruin them
thanks Hollywood you're really cool
anyways though this has been what the
fuck news and the question of the day
for you guys is what is the worst movie
that you've ever watched that was based
off of something you love whether it was
Twilight or The Last Airbender what
movie sucked the most rancid deer penis
leave those in the comments down below
all of today's stories as always or in
the description down below as well as
all of my links before you guys go make
sure to check out my channel youtube.com
slash Captain Estes for more of me as
you guys should already know ya get on
it seriously if you love blogs about
absolutely nothing you'll love my
channel go check it out does the worst
sales pitch of all time anyway so I'll
see you next week for another what the
fuck news and Fairwinds
