something-something that's one of those
songs I literally don't know any of the
words that I sing it anyways hey guys
okay so I'm excited today I saw on
Facebook I look horrible I look horrible
I look okay right this just needs to be
a higher angle I think that's what it is
nope nope nope nope nope oh let's go
with this I saw it's a pimple what is
that sorry I'm getting distracted
everything's fine everything's fine are
we find is there food my teeth we're
fine okay saw on Facebook today people
were posting about this saying it's
literally the grossest thing they've
ever had in their entire life and I was
like let's go buy some so as you guys
know or well maybe you don't know maybe
I know because I'm obsessed with food
maybe you don't give a fuck but as I
know every year Lay's does a contest
where they let you submit your own ideas
for chips right I always enter I never
win my last one was french toast and
then I thought what was I had such a
good one a couple years ago and I was
like this if this doesn't get chosen
then they're fucking idiots and they are
fucking idiots
Oh Hawaiian pizza genius right well
instead they went with cappuccino it's
literally the grossest thing I've ever
heard in my entire life you know what
CAD Scott you should die you should die
in a big cup of cappuccino and die I'm
kidding don't die um but you know well
go you know drown yourself and your
millions of dollars that you probably
got paid for this terrible idea so I'm
gonna try it once again this is not a
sponsored video all opinions are my own
they would never sponsor me to talk
about how terrible the chips are hi ooh
artsy though okay here we go Oh
oh my god oh it's like starbucks farted
oh my god oh the Oprah tea latte is
squirting in my face
Oprah put it away put it away oh my god
I can't I wish you guys could smell this
here look inside of here it literally
looks like Oprah's toenails so here's
one of Oprah's toenails one of her
clippings go
it smells like Disneyland after 10 p.m.
I don't know if that makes sense but to
me it does it smells like soccer mom
sweat it smells also kind of like oh my
god sorry Hilary Duff break everybody
needs one okay here we go
Cheers
oh oh I hate oh my god I hate it I
didn't know I can hate it this much I
have nothing to drink I didn't plan this
out properly
somebody pee in my mouth excuse me can
somebody pee in my mouth anybody no okay
fuck this is the grossest thing on the
rap there other flavors were even more
disgusting it was like bacon cheese
cheddar or lasagna pizza and then the
other one was like mango salsa which by
the way mango salsa tastes like vomit I
don't know why you would want to make a
chip out of that well granted probably
want to Chad Scott's brilliant ideas you
fucking idiot oh oh wait here he is on
the back okay Chad Scott he's from
Nevada cappuccinos are my lifeblood yeah
that just makes him a cappuccino potato
chip lightly dusted with sugar
I may never put them down well I'm never
gonna keep them down Chad Scott they're
gonna be coming back up the second I hit
the toilet the second that I hit that
can the second I hit that putt though
it's gonna be huge
so exciti my stomach oh my god luckily
when I was in the store I got my
favorite cookies you know just to get
rid of that taste these are uh mmm sugar
cookies and they're fucking amazing I
mean just look at this look at look at
that little chunk just that little just
a little just a little just that little
oh my god oh my god it's still like
somebody pee my mouth little dry but
still Chad Scott you we got nothing on
these Chad Scott I'm kidding
I love Chad Scott I don't know Chad
Scott I'm just saying Chad Scott would
made a bad decision question of the day
which it flavors a bad idea
besides cappuccino we already know that
I'm gonna go with okay what would be
disgusting hot dog oh I hate hot dogs I
haven't had a hot dog since I was like
12 because the last time I get a hot dog
when I bit into it there was a vein in
there that was that was that was a
nightmare there's a certain flute I
don't like certain foods I can't even
look at roasted salsa any kind of salsa
that's brown I can't look at because I
got intense food poisoning from at one
time projectile vomited on to my friend
she caught it with her hands she's a
good friend what else don't I like
looking at relish relish relish people
who pick their boogers and look at it or
roll them I never want to see them again
I will literally just murder you Lisa
sometimes she'll be picking her nose and
she'll be rolling it and I'll look over
to it what the fuck are you doing in
Chico nothing
and I'll say I see you pinching I see
you rolling then boogers yes those are
things I can't stand hope you guys
enjoyed this random vlog I enjoyed him
having you here for this moment I'm
gonna put these on be a douchebag get
the fuck out of this parking lot see you
guys tomorrow bye I follow you on
Instagram and you always post like
inspirational quotes yeah I think when
you wake up in the morning you're like
I'm not gonna kill myself today and then
you today's gonna be a better day than
yesterday
