hands because yes I am here with Jeremy
that was beautiful oh thank you you're
like really good I'm absolutely not but
I try
yes I'm here with Jeremy she obviously
was Tori in the movie not cool now there
won't I do this now no no I ran out
right now
so I thought since we played a boyfriend
and girlfriend in the movie well not
really
we were just starting early you chew
that chew that yeah you actually hate I
yeah but then you love me oh my god
why don't we do the girlfriend tag but
we change it and we do the fake
girlfriend tag oh it's gonna be antsy
I'm going to be are gonna ask each other
questions this makes no sense wait I
have a question here
yeah I'm questions here and we have to
see if we know these things about each
other oh my god if we know each other
okay
we had a fake relationship 82 marks yeah
yeah I think relationship I mean yeah
we're and movie together and then every
night we would go to Cheesecake together
so it got fucking real it did first song
ready okay yeah what is our favorite
movie of all time you don't even know
your own favorite video that was the
chance of oh shit yeah I have a hard
time making decisions okay well you're
like an anime person if you don't know
she's been in over at what 800 animals
800 my god how many of those were like
Squidward ah I know I mean there was
whatever done sorta in line there was a
scene that was questionable but that's
because I was being like a tagged so
terrifying it is terrifying the attacked
by a squid I'm gonna go with your
favorite movie of all time is oh god I
feel like you're like musicals and I
hate people who like musicals but I feel
like you do so I'm gonna go with the
sound of music that was my favorite
movie in our 7 oh but that's how I like
don't you miss president and briefly
coat just tight and clean this is
getting weird
okay okay I'll just say Miss
Congeniality and Mean Girls will
probably be like sad like okay you need
to divorce your husband right now I will
divorce Lisa we're not married
go get married and just watch those but
we'll never watch Miss gajini
- because they know that was a terrible
Miss Congeniality one inspired me to do
a pageant I wanted to be like Sandra
Bullock Miss Congeniality inspired me to
lose weight and get my unibrow threaded
so thank you for that
Thank You Sandra Bullock alright what do
you think my favorite movie is screen ah
so close that's my neighbor horror movie
oh okay I'll give you a hint
this is not a thermometer support by the
way my all-time really up about my last
name from Joe I'm sad what is the first
thing we think about in the morning fine
is gross using it well I follow you on
Instagram and you always post like
inspirational quotes yeah I think when
you wake up in the morning you're like
I'm not gonna kill myself today I'm in
you today's gonna be a better day than
yesterday okay and then you think of a
quote I think you tweeted that I mean
that is probably like I try to do
something positive to try to not do
something very darkly but I actually
probably am most concerned about what
I'm gonna wear that day and that's
usually a process I would think that you
would be wanting to go eat cheesecake so
close my first thought is how am I going
to pee into the toilet because I have a
boner right now and how do I create some
sort of a funnel situation final should
keep my pee going into the door yeah can
you pee with a boner
hi you have to I'm learning a P will go
everywhere okay you're married you know
you wake up in the morning there's pee
everywhere nothing you to the yet you
have to create a cylinder around there
to keep the pee from there good to go
it's good right okay what is our
favorite guilty pleasures TV show oh my
god this is so hard
mine is so easy big brother no I'm not
guilty at all okay well I'll give you a
hint on mine okay mine is a new show and
it's fucking amazed
oh my god the little little women of LA
yeah bitch little women of LA first of
all little women big drama hilarious if
they write rollerblades a lot and they
fall down a lot this is a clip this is
the clip of little women about like oh
my god oh that's good what is your
favorite guilty pleasure song for you
I'm gonna go with Farrah Abraham blowing
oh my god that is a beautiful song can I
just say and finally what is our worst
childhood memory I'm gonna go with your
first period
you were six years old I don't know much
about you're 6 years old and you ran out
of your first grade class and you said
oh I don't know what's happening no I
mean the biggest thing that happened to
me in first grade and this still isn't
my worst memory I like threw up every
day at lunch because I wanted to go home
because it would be at school anymore I
had this teacher go outside and assign
me a friend
it was like looking me at school you
might have barf but no she isn't like
bribed the kids that was your worst
memory yeah your teacher had to pay kids
to hang out with you that's your worst
memory I know my worst memory was
probably 0 through 5 and I got my first
pubic hair at 5 and my mom ran in and
she said oh my god your first pubie and
she grabbed it and she took me out and
showed my whole family that does some
that's traumatizing well there you guys
go we are both very very sad with it so
we're happy about it very Twitter humor
I'm like this I accept it so if you want
to see more of us in a relationship
check out the water I do know actually
the movies now available for rent which
means cheaper so for all you
motherfuckers that are like Arnold spend
$10 now the only guy spent a few dollars
you can watch it but then when you rent
it you're going
this is amazing you should buy it
because why would you want to see this
and also a spoiler alert there's a lot
that happened there's a love lock a lot
he gets me with the car I hit her a
couple times it's a really intentional
car I just took that in a lot of places
anyway let me got let my anger that's me
up and hang with you go over to her
channel check it out she makes videos to
subscribe and also give us a thumbs up a
leave us a comment saying what is your
favorite guilty pleasure song what is it
let us know all right you guys know what
you got to say hope you fucking with us
we open here with you bye and then you
kiss your hand touching here hope you
have fun hang with us we have fun even
you fine now do it like a squid porn no
yes fun hey I never mind the squid yes I
love you babe right that's how they do
it I don't know but that was better than
I can ever imagine
yeah little camp boys yeah little kid
boys terrify I know
Anabelle between legs terrified I told
her I was like I want like an old big
comfortable couch used I wanted to smell
like semen I want it lived in if there's
a dead body inside
I'm not mad at
