ha hey guys I am in my office right now
and I thought I would give you guys a
tour because I just had it decorated
that sounds gay and it looks kind of gay
but the reason I did was because you
know this is mainly for filming purposes
so I wanted to make sure it looked good
on camera and not just white walls so I
had my friend Hilary who did all like
the set designing on my movie I had her
come and she redesigned it to look good
on camera slightly gay but not too gay
I'd say it's in between the Mexican from
o2l and Tyler Oakley somewhere in there
and I love it so let's start with by the
door so not much is going on over here I
just got my lights my camera
this motherfucker which makes me look
not like myself I love it she frame one
of my posters once again I don't know
who that is because that Amy a lot of
photoshop over here should we haven't
hung these up yet but there's you know s
because I slay and then movie reels and
then this is from my friend Kay this is
amazing this is a scream mask at signed
by Wes Craven who is my favorite
director and this is one of my favorite
movies so and then I got a kitchen which
I don't really use very much but you
know just a fridge full of candy and
then here is the living room set so I
actually do hang out here a lot that's
where I edit the videos this is where I
watch TV when I should be editing videos
this is a peat candle that I got from
one of you guys in New York it's the
first candle I've ever lit in my entire
life it's also the first candle have
ever tried to take a taste of so first
things first deer heads where do we
start
okay I saw a picture of this and I was
like oh that's kind of cool what I saw
in real life I was like that's a lot of
deer heads so I'm a little mixed on it I
like it it's a little loud for me I feel
like I just walked into an urban
outfitters but it looks really good on
camera so you know fuck it why not live
a little so I got the deer heads we got
this couch which is super crazy
comfortable I told her I was like I want
like an old big comfortable couch use I
wanted to smell like semen I want it
lived in if there's a dead body inside
I'm not mad at it we got this lamp the
fucking lamp there you go some curtains
this rug which is kind of like a cabin
mixed with a dead Indians clothes we got
this trunk which I'm pretty sure has a
dead Indian inside of it and then we got
my desk area so this is you know my
computer right my thing that I covered
my webcam because I mean how many
hackers are trying to see this naked
none but you know just in case and this
is my favorite so this
is a couple props from the movie so this
is from not cool that's from not cool
this is supposed to be in Tori's bedroom
like you know her friend or whatever but
it this is actually a picture I took and
I'm right here but they cropped me out
and this is all of us doing like fake
dick blowjob pictures so that was fun
never forget and then these were just a
couple little props on camera that
looked kind of cool an old ass fan some
kind of projector a butt plug I really
don't know over here is my box of fake
Shane shirts because real Shane where's
this all black all that fake Shane wears
colors so I went online this is so lame
I went online and I bought a bunch of
like what shirts with like a normal
person we're not a normal person but a
youtuber really not normal so I got this
cool shirt with a bear on it and I got
this year with the tiger on it and then
I got this shirt with southpark
characters on it just anything loud and
then this shirt you guys have seen
before these are all like my I don't
wear these in real life clothes then
over here obviously just to keep me
inspired a little card that Lisa wrote
me I got another little butt plug I got
my coffee mug this is cunt this I don't
think I've shown you guys this before I
love this one of you guys made this for
me in New York I think it's a name on
the back yeah so there's your name I
love it so much I love when you guys
draw stuff I don't love when you guys
draw how I really look cuz it's really
disgusting ugly but I like this fake
version of me with no double chin I love
that so you guys know that is my my
office tour
I felt very Maiko guru doing this here's
my place
there's my dead body in the treasure
chest subscribe I know I'm gonna go hope
you guys have funny with me I'd fun hang
with you question of the day I think I
mean Miranda sings are gonna do a collab
so what should we do leave it down in
the comments what do you want to see us
do a challenge a tag you should give me
a Miranda makeover lemon l IG as Ella
see you tomorrow good bye love you I'm
putting down the lights and the darks
and then we blend them all together
God you judge no I'm judging fucking are
you out alo are you out of a closet
are you straight yeah you're straight no
I did not know that
