hey guys yes I'm here with hi mom
my favorite drag queen of all time I'm
the only one that would let him over
it's Halloween and that's how holiday
for us I'm gonna be honest I'm really
really nervous I've never been nervous
during a collab before and I'm nervous
now I'm like starstruck what fucking
constellation you are Orion's belt we
are basically going to be doing a drag
queen makeover video where she's gonna
make me over and while we're doing that
because she doesn't know much about
YouTube I'm going to be quizzing her and
showing her pictures of youtubers and
saying what do you think they do it's
gonna be offensive alright alright this
goes on I'm just warning you like a spa
day
the first youtuber I'm gonna give you is
Laci green do you know who that is
I've got us a woman I'm not gonna say
that much about her cuz I don't want to
get in trouble she's nice she's a
warrior okay here's a picture what do
you think she does it looks like she has
a full-time career being awful and
smiling I'm sure that I bet she does
nail tutorials because it's not like
beautiful enough to get away with like a
makeup tour like a cheesy gorgeous or a
fangirl what's her name Jen fan fuck fan
fan fan bingbing
Michelle Michelle Phan yeah so I bet you
do nail tutorials don't you you little
bitch who are you welcome in does sexual
education Oh respect respect okay
PewDiePie oh it's a youtuber okay you
cutie pie do they I don't even on spell
at pwt clothes what do they do it sounds
kits a video game yes really
yeah holy shit okay well it sounds like
a stupid name that relates to nothing
else and there's no like girly things in
it so I figured maybe it's a boy thing
and I'm a fuck you crazy you know he is
the number one youtuber 30 million oh
you know what I've watched him he's
Swedish or some shit right yeah he's
Swedish hold your I don't know some
French up your shit okay I'm scared wait
okay fluttering I'm scared alright hold
the hold breath good okay you're not
told your breath thank you
and talking of my head you come I'm
putting down the lights and the darks
and then we blend them all together
God you judge no I'm judging fucking are
you out
oh are you out of a closet are you
straight yeah you're straight no yeah I
did not know that I watch the clips of
its relative moving I'm like you don't
really got a good job pretending you're
like the straight everyman - and I was
like yeah he's actually straight huh
I'm going to try to look better so the
fuck after shit see that's why you get
shit done because you're straight gay
people we go out and party like I wasn't
so impressed I'm like another gay man
he's nothing yeah goddamn hippie made I
was and now you're fucking straight and
all my dreams are dashed alright Sam
pepper Sam pepper feather Dyke or a
young boy who does um skateboarding
trick tutorial close it is a British
youtuber who I think is getting arrested
because he got caught like raping a
bunch of really young fans oh yeah
he's like 27 and they were like 15 yeah
what's the age of consent in UK older
than that cuz I call that meeting great
and here is he's gonna do real well in
jail yeah his ass was gonna get traded
for cartons of cigarettes like nobody's
business
one less bottom without him well this
well if Adam I just look at me we're
gonna make this right get the camera
real quick sell out real fast scared
no it's left it look yeah oh my god now
I can tell you're strange cuz the gay
guy would be like now Jimmy like Beyonce
a little more right yeah like every
Halloween something can I just get like
a little like eyeliner they come up
there and I'm like oh Mike you spoke it
out like how I let me pull out fucking
pictures I was like fancy saying I
called this is really weird
I don't I've never not looked like a
mice a human myself cuz when I become a
girl I just slap a lipstick on I'm good
this is mm-hmm makes everything better
okay you look at you some hair I put it
where you think that should go oh oh my
god this is Wow and that gets glued down
this is frightening I've never seen
myself like this this is a first the
knots are good they're realistic when
it's not Italy look like Adele after
like a juice cleanse yeah it's
definitely add else like bleached out
hoary little sista like I did think -
I'll say fire to your rain oh yeah if
Adele and ellie goulding high-reward or
the middle sanderson sister from hocus
pocus so like all she's feeling it
yeah what's my pose I like over the show
everything looks good from over the
shoulder maybe not this is a good way
who my name is Chanel and I our costumes
look kind of like Chanel she was this
drag queen on the first years in a drag
race but Shana Shay now that works right
no this is a good pose convince the
world that you're Christie Brinkley oh
that was like the entrance to a haunted
house like in a carnival that that
creepy clown smile attend pretend you're
trying to be sexy because you need a
ride to go okay I got this please pick
me up I'm so terrified okay oh yeah my
mom I kind of felt that one a little bit
good yeah she's not that bad she's my
camera and person here haha I was like
what the fuck am i doing but I see see
well what did you first think you went
oh fuck I was nervous and when I saw it
I was scared but now I'm comfortable
good wow you got a lot of mug on bitch
I'm really painted yeah she can lop them
yes well you fell that's good wait
that's good right there
oh yeah your face looks better when you
cover it with all your hair it's like
you know half of the Mona Lisa is all
about the frame that's so true okay
there's a hint of Trisha Paytas yeah
right there yeah yeah hey trash oh sorry
that's shade oh my god well you guys go
that is my drag makeover chanel is here
you're welcome
Internet go check out uh Williams
channel my favorite YouTube channel at
the moment and forever oh yeah oh yeah
go check it out subscribe check out the
show the beat down which is my favorite
and leave a comment letting me know what
celebrity I look like yeah do that I
can't wait for that
Dead or Alive I'm probably dead
RDI don't be able to name it does leave
the name of you and I'll see you
tomorrow bye I should shave your arms I
just caught how hairy they are yeah
that's two more cancer baby wigs I trim
my chest for this did you
I think it stopped here so that's okay
Ali I'm three toenails painted classy
bye
oh my god Justin I'm so sorry it's all
my fault it is chilly night I was just
like to say that this guy uses the same
source material that I do is talked
about chilly ass-to-mouth human
centipede it's like we're the same brain
we should collaborate but I am NOT going
anywhere near your apartment
