ha hey what's up guys I'm in a bathroom
right now doesn't get great goodness I
am I in the building right now doing
Kingsley's show and Miranda sings is
here it's very exciting and don't think
I didn't check every stall to make sure
there's nobody in here so I could flock
last thing I want is a stranger's poop
in my vlog I'll keep that for my real
life ask we're here we're here we're
high okay we're in the middle of filming
right now we're talking about we're
talking about poop I I kind of said
something to Miranda that might have
adventures about wait the reeds you were
talking about Harry Styles and retching
and I said maybe you had a hairy
direction and I it was too far I love
hairs okay okay
I love hearest and we start time out
picking hair out of our teeth for we're
ready open-concept beachy grand is kind
of dirty you guys don't know that so I
took a bath
tweeting to go was there a letter and
we're done we did it yay how do you
think it went
I think went awesome cuz first of all
this woman so beautiful and hilarious
and she's just everything and I love our
soulmate Shh
that was kind of a good impression wait
where can we see this it's gonna be on
youtube.com slash clever TV on all right
I'll put the link and what are you doing
now what were you going I'm gonna go the
potty okay how's that gonna go pretty
good I think I've got a good one coming
a good one coming what's the shape
probably a pennant ha ha real tight
booms OH
boom Oh China
USSR ooh this is fancy I've never been
here before yeah welcome welcome welcome
we have a crib lots of Pizza lots of
boogers for you to yeah oh what a
delicious boogers you are you got some
big bud light sandals going on god your
feet are fucking huge holy fuck look at
me just put one of my little fucking
pieces of shit look at that shit look at
that shit it's embarrassing well I mean
just think I'm either too I think oh my
God look at that fucking claw look at
that fucking hurricane
look at that fucking Hercules foot god
you're so cool uh yes I'm here at
Stephen eggs egg and we just hoping to
collabs with you guys probably already
seen or maybe not I don't know there's a
lot of pizzas but I watch me if you
haven't yeah so I'm just like looking
around like it's like give me a tour
like what's is that a scale it looks
wirelessly through Wi-Fi tube to our
Fitbit apps
Wow oh is that all right it measures
body fat and weight I will never get in
them it makes a little graph for you see
like cabinet are you kidding me way
fucking weight challenge
oh no I'll kill myself if we win the
will the guilt will weigh me down if we
decide to do that like the whole week
before I'm not gonna eat I'm gonna do it
happen if you to challenge you just do
it right now that might be a bigger fear
of mine and boogers see that's what I
was thinking cuz in my head I'm like I'm
gonna get on it's gonna say 250 250 250
you don't wait to I mean but in my head
I weigh more than you do not yes I did
well you're taller but you have more
muscle yeah bigger fear you would you
get on that scale right now yeah wait
wait wait let's guess let's guess okay
good I mean I just trainee much sure can
you not just
well you're tall people okay like drew
is fucking like 180 or something and
that motherfuckers skinnies fuck like
yeah oh don't dude weighs 180 yeah no it
doesn't yeah he doesn't do really 95 you
see that dude slips out of car seat
hahaha in accident fucking windshield
like a log door through the air
conditioning went free okay so I'm gonna
say for you if he's 180 185 well here
you guessed 185 means the same with one
eighty eight point six fully should the
facet every Bend I know oh my god this
is a bad idea this is a better fact this
is about I'm sorry no offence
I was 179 like look at know your wafer
you're looking perfect cute aful this is
literally what happened at the doctor's
office with me my mom like juniors one
time I weighed myself at the doctors and
I was like 199 or something and I
literally started crying him I was like
I was like mom okay
I said how come to recall me I said I
don't know his back and I like back
let's fucking wall I had a year ago he
was dating me we had just started dating
and I was trying to hide it but like I
hadn't weighed that much since high
school when I was I was really fat in
high school and I guess it a distributed
differently but just seeing that number
I was just like oh fuck oh my god and
none of my clothes were feeding back I
felt like it was just like a little bit
of weight it was like I gained 20 pounds
right yeah go take a shit oh wait what
is he gonna train changes Wayne clothes
okay he's back he's back as money sure
we that much now I don't have jeans on
now I don't have a belt on uh-huh we're
gonna fix this situation okay
suck it in Oh what are you six
motherfucker
oh boy haha
you lost a pound 188 you're premed what
is that's all him
That's not me that's all hey that's on
him that's all I'm gonna praise to him
no honestly if I got on that scale right
now I would jump through your window I
would jump through your window I that to
me is the fucking devil that fucking
devil
fucking wait you have to pee or anything
I'm curious cuz like if you go pee I'm
curious I have myself because when I use
to wear to Jenny Craig I used to like
spit poop and do everything I could how
much does your pee weight challenge ha
ha ha to be guys yes is the end of the
night and I'm tired I'm going to bed it
was a fun day it was nice I haven't seen
Steve in a while actually I've seen him
recently but I haven't like hung out
hung out with him in a while so it was
cool I'm happy I have some good friends
in my life right now I have a lot of
pizza in my stomach I have a booger in
there somewhere
and I'm never getting on a scale so hope
you guys I hate with me I'm funny with
you I'll see you wow I'm going to
reenact the original tale of how Marcel
the show with shoes on became Marcel the
shell with shoes on
I should put those shoes on
