my favorite do I cry you in the pool
with like your you're like pretty but
like average friends from like back home
haha
no what I'm saying is they're not LA
girls so they don't have blonde hair and
big tits no no they're pretty they're
beautiful girls but what I'm saying oh
they're beautiful announcer welcome to
bomb.com where we talk about the things
that are blowing up on the internet
youtuber and oh 12 member Ricky Dillon
released his debut single no body which
chronicles the tale of that one time
Ricky became a ghost and lost his body
just kidding I'm pretty sure it's about
loving a human which is just as
difficult of a lifestyle he also
released a music video for the song and
I thought it would be a great idea to
sit down and watch it together so I have
my computer right here and nobody
official music video - Ricky Dillon on
screen and I am going to watch it with
my eyes and nose what nature I like his
hair it's very sassy in a good way
I only say sassy when I mean in a good
way outfit change he's in a hotel room
he's out nature in Alaska there's a
dance sequence his face is so sassy he's
like he doesn't give what I don't know
if I'm fully understanding like
story-wise what's happening and why
they're in Alaska I mean it's pretty
thanks Ricky oh now it's tank top is
ripped it what happened to the tank top
he's shirtless I like the face drop
that's fun don't want nobody but you and
you and you
it's the plumie version hey friends do
you remember that one time that pretty
much anyone with soul was doing the ice
bucket challenge huh good times good
time my facebook newsfeed finally had
something on it well someone who is
presumably very stupid invented
something that is also very stupid but
not stupid in me for a good cause way
stupid indeed can't remember what
goodness was gonna say way by his own
free will
this man submitted himself to the
tortures of what happens when someone
flushes the toilet while you're
showering hey my name is Sean sauce and
here's the boiling water challenge
spirit his skin turned so red so fast he
was literally like a lobster being
cooked and I don't mean that in the
teenager who says literally every other
sentence I mean it as in literally also
his last name is sauce my only remaining
question is why didn't his parents named
him BBQ number Marcel the shell the
small stop-motion love of my life if you
don't remember my cell the shell you are
either old forgetful or you are just not
one of the 23 million people who saw the
original video which is fine anyway more
years ago one of the best / most
adorable viral video creations was
birthed on the Internet in the form of
Marcel the shell with shoes on two years
later there was a sequel and now there
is a third one I'm left out are you
gonna give aching well I guess I'll just
wait it out
that's what we're in the process of
doing and also I guess I promised them
that they could watch you eat it because
I was like I I know this guy who
couldn't eat a whole grape they were
like be us I identify a lot with Marcel
the shell we are both small have high
voices and talk in random silence since
there has now been an original Marcel
the shell video a sequel and a third one
I thought it was high time for a prequel
so I'm going to reenact the original
tale of how Marcel the show with shoes
on became Marcel the shell with shoes on
I should put those shoes on yon soul a
love shoes thank you guys so much for
watching this so laying episode of Bob
calm hopefully we didn't hit you with
our awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode make sure to give it
a gargantuan thumb up and head on over
to youtube.com/scishow Lexus she's all
check out my latest video you can also
click the subscribe button while you're
over there and follow me on all my
social media the links will be in the
description of this video question of
the day and something I'm genuinely
curious about what do you think about
youtubers releasing music personally I
think it is amazing that all these
creators on the Internet are branching
out and doing their own thing and
creating in other avenues of content did
that make sense do I sound like I'm
waiting a marketing presentation graphs
yeah
