my favorite do I cry you in the pool
with like your you're like pretty but
like average friends from like back home
haha
no what I'm saying is they're not LA
girls so they don't have blonde hair and
big tits but no no they're pretty
they're beautiful girls but what I'm
saying oh they're beautiful now ha hey
guys yes I am driving and vlogging and
getting hunk tapped by people who are
totally valid in their honking cuz this
is totally illegal and I almost hit a
pole ok hashtag X right hey what's up
you guys I am on my way right now to a
Taco Bell commercial shoot I'm so
fucking excited I love Taco Bell and
they love me they follow me on Twitter
actually I don't think they do although
they direct message me on Twitter and
they're like hey what are you doing one
in churrito but then I can't write the
back cuz they don't follow me it's very
bizarre anyways I'm on my way to do a
commercial with them for their new app
which is very exciting I'm gonna be the
one announcing this motherfucker and I'm
pumped I'm so excited and so funny like
6 years ago
I was auditioning you know being an
actor or auditioning for things I
couldn't get a commercial to save my
freakin life nobody cared nobody wanted
me to promote their products and now the
company came to me and was like hey we
want you to not only be in the
commercial but play yourself I mean I
could cry I'm not gonna cry but I could
cry I called my mom and told her about
it she started crying because she and
I've been in a talk about commercial
before but this is like me this is me
actually like hey guys it's Shane Dawson
here's the app like it's it's me which
is really really cool and um I'm very
very grateful excited anyways I am a
parking right now and I'm going to show
you the set and I'm gonna crash into
this guy wearing a business suit fun ha
ha hey what's up guys look I'm at a Taco
Bell in actual Taco Bell and we're
filming the commercial you can see
everybody back there inside you can see
I can't really see much well there's a
light so they close down this talked
about for the whole day
and if people come and they're pissed
about it like I want my chocolate oh
girl they're gonna get like gift cards
which I'm so tempted to tweet like hey
guys come to Taco Bell get a bunch of
free gift cards but I think they get
pissed at me so I've never been in to
talk about 7:00 a.m. I am very nervous
that I'm going to go in there just
destroy everything I heard there's a
waffle taco and I heard I'm gonna have
ten also I'm so tan because the makeup
they put I'm literally the same colors a
building where did I go I don't know
here's a treadmill there's a green
screen a lot of weird stuff is gonna be
happening a lot of exercise a lot of
Taco Bell or need a slice enjoy some gas
there's I thought you're too tight
you're covering to know she's there
you're almost kind of like one than to
shooting the commercial right now
there's glitter everywhere I don't know
what's happening they gave everybody
freezes I didn't give me one I really
want to try it it starbursts flavored oh
my god
I'm not signing this one for my lips I
look at you and you and you but mainly
you girl get you hi hi I'm just cleaning
up the set
she's cleaning I'm just oh I'm just I'm
just taking I'm just cleaning up the set
diva I'm just cleaning up the set okay
here we go here we go my first sip
somebody else if Thomas and I'm okay
with it
I just got reborn as I'm officially
chillin with the new bag really chill
and freeze it with the new bag guys
looking it's storyboard that's me that's
me looks nothing like me a beautiful
human skin hmm wait corny wait to show
em what we do ready
she loves it hey guess what
I don't know ah hey what's up you guys
we are hanging out we just went to
Target we got a bunch of Halloween
costumes for corny even though you might
be watching this after Halloween which
in that case we just got a bunch of
weird costumes for corny which is pretty
normal and a lot of toilet paper cuz she
takes a lot of shits I wish I was
talking about corny not you the talk
about commercial went really well
yesterday this is a two day vlog boom
you're welcome and the chocolate
commercial is up right now but I'll talk
about that later
taco about that later see what I did
there see what I did there did you see
what I did it yeah but when you made
that joke you were sincere about it I
was trying to be funny
oh I missed it damn girl lookin good
damn girl what's under there oh you
nasty you a freak this is getting kind
of weird Oh
speaking of really weird we have
something we need to talk about well
first of all all this second of all I
read something on your IMDB page no no
no that who do you put that on Earth Day
I did not but first of all my mom
probably so on her I'm DB page it says
that we've been married since December
of 2012
oh girl if you were still marry me I
need a big ass rock on my hand and I did
not have a rock if I was gonna marry you
I would need the rock you know I mean
like Dwayne the rock Johnson he could be
the guy that does it and then afterward
he would just like kick us in the face
that sounds cool okay oh she hates it
see us we're not married we're not
getting married leave us a lot we're
divorced we actually were married in
December 2012 and then we got divorced
we're just like raising the dog look at
this high quality production value yeah
like we were really hard here we work
really hard here at shanedawsontv Lee
spoke entertainment so I was showing
Lisa my drew Paul my root paw impression
because repulsed my favorite person ever
Lisa doesn't understand what's happening
but i guarante I keep trying to explain
to her trust me it's RuPaul understand
why are so good at being dragged hi
you watch RuPaul's Drag Race and you
would know that it's exactly how he
talks
ready oh I love that costume corny it's
very interesting it's black it's why it
doesn't know what it is kind of like me
mm-hmm
I'm RuPaul by the way RuPaul oh my gosh
if I looked that good in drag I'll be in
drag all the time you should try drag
I'm in drag yeah and it's not working
not at all but you know it is working
this little number she looks like she
loves wearing it she looks like she
wants to jump into that fire pit oh and
there she goes she made a bad dog butter
on her in the face and wind why snare
guys got the end of the day corny you
have a good day oh my gosh I can't
believe you're still talking tea after
all the terrible things I did you I'm
the terrible costumes you had to wear
something mama June says to honey boo
boo every night all right guys he'll be
offending with me - hang with you
question the day since this is going up
after Halloween what did you do for all
the weight I probably just laid around
in bed with corny
and a candy corn or maybe I ate candy
corn er meow you did not like it also
please please please check out the Taco
Bell commercial I'll put the link down
there and I'll put annotation you know I
really want the commercial to do well I
really wanted to get a lot of views and
I want people to really like it and I
want you guys to leave a lot of nice
comments on it say we love it we love it
we love Taco Bell we love Shane because
that would be amazing if I could do
another one and I never thought in a
million years that I would be like you
know in a place in my career in my life
where I was starring in a commercial
playing myself and it's a dream come
true it's really amazing I mean I got an
audition for so many commercials when I
was like 18 at 19 never got anything so
this is amazing and it's all because of
you guys because you guys have been
supporting me for so long or you know
seven years and now I have my own Taco
Bell commercial fucking awesome so cool
and just warning I play an asshole in
the commercial I play myself but I play
an asshole version of myself because we
thought it would be funny so check it
out please please please and download
the top the talk about app it's really
cool I got to play with it like for two
days I ordered a lot of burritos IT guys
happy FN hang with me efening with you
awesome no tomorrow okay say bye bye mmm
alright guys she's not like us what does
she do like put on a mask and then like
walk around and pretend like she's not
her maybe she just has dates inside of
her mansion you know I mean maybe she
has a Chipotle in her mansion who ate a
rollercoaster oh I want to be Taylor
Swift
