what's up guys my name is Esther and
welcome back to you what the fuck fuck
you might have seen my weirdest laws in
the u.s. video that I made a while ago
and thought to yourself and America's
really weird and you're not wrong we
have a man with cheeto coloured skin and
a croissant for hair as our president
and our number one celebrity looks like
she's hiding a face giving Turkey
underneath her dress and it's famous for
plowing a guy on camera god bless
america
we'd be surprised to know that we're not
the only ones with hilariously obscure
laws that said today's video we count
down the top 5 weirdest international
laws number one in the Caribbean island
of st. Kitts it's actually illegal to
swear according to the island's small
charges Act which was put into place in
1892 it is now an offence to use any
abusive indecent insulting profane or
threatening language in any public area
and apparently if you break this law
you'll either be fined up to $500 or
sent to a month in jail I'm just
wondering if this law like stacks you
know like it's a beautiful Caribbean
island I'm just wondering if something
like this ever happened oh honey we were
right to come here for our vacation away
after my disappointing son Timmy my god
is he disappointing I mean damn is it
beautiful here freeze I heard you say a
swear word that's a $500 fine or what
month in jail you Pig what not doing any
of them just let me enjoy my vacation
away from my disappointing son Timmy
fuck make that $1,000 or two months in
jail you're really pissing me off
oh that comes as a swear word here
$1,500 all three months in jail you know
what I'm gonna take the jail time at
least I'm away from my disappointing son
Timmy fuckin a is he disappointing y'all
do that's four months yeah now I'd
probably not survive on that Iowa I
swear in pretty much every sentence so I
probably be sent to jail for the rest of
my fucking life
I heard that that'll be $500 and if
you're wondering if this law is even
taken seriously their number 50 cent was
actually arrested in st. Kitts in 2016
for saying me word motherfucker
that's $1,000 go away a 50 cent wasn't
the only rapper to be fined on the
island as in 2003 rapper DMX was fine
for saying shit I heard that $1500 so
what I want to know is why do they have
so many rappers come to this island you
think with the massive amounts of
done in most rap music that you would
want to avoid this island if you're a
rapper but then again maybe that's just
how this place makes money yeah one M&M
song would finance their fucking space
program number two in British Columbia
Canada it is illegal to kill Bigfoot
without government permission why is
this the law especially since it's not
really proven that Bigfoot is even real
so basically this law is like oh if you
see any dragons you need a permit to
ride them dragons yeah those don't exist
man well we just want to be safe you
know just in case they do we'll see you
laughing when I'm the one riding the
dragon because I have a permit anyways
though this law dates back to apparently
be 1800s when a man was denied a request
to kill a quote-unquote wild man near
his lake okay that's just rude it was
probably just a normal guy with the
beard and this guy's just an asshole
it's weird even though Bigfoot is just a
myth to most people there are actually
shows of people hunting Bigfoot out
there for example the show Finding
Bigfoot has 89 episodes where they've
essentially found absolutely nothing
like at this point any rustling in the
trees or any small sound on that show
they just automatically assume as
Bigfoot what was that sound
that was me coughing no no it sounded
like has to be Bigfoot right for that
what are you talking about that's our
waitress we're at Denny's right now but
like since it's illegal to kill Bigfoot
what would they even do if they found
him just be like oh yeah there he is
cool credits roll show's over but if you
did somehow killed Bigfoot without
government permission first you face a
fine up to two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars but as it turns out
it's actually illegal to kill any animal
in British Columbia without the proper
permits and since Bigfoot technically I
guess counts as a wild animal I'll be at
a mythical one he's still illegal to
kill number three in Cambodia it is
illegal to use a water gun during a New
Year's celebration in the world of oddly
specific laws this one is pretty high up
there and like oh it's just water guns
and makes no mention of actual guns like
it's totally legal to have real guns but
god forbid if there are some fucking
water inside of that instead of a deadly
bullet time to go to jail you sack of
shit so the law was put into place in
2001 after officials in Cambodia noticed
the large amount of water guns being
used during a New Year's celebration
which mean I can kind of
it's like you obviously don't want to be
sprayed in the face when you're enjoying
new years but still making them
completely illegal seems a bit much
Cambodia is also cited there's been many
cases of children filling them with
things other than water and quote
dirtying up their country Oh God
what did those kids put in there please
don't tell me P God first thing that
came to mind is P I was fuckin right
remember like two seconds ago and I said
I'd be annoyed if I got sprayed in the
face during New Year's yeah now imagine
that scenario only they're getting
sprayed with P instead okay yeah no I
totally understand now fuck water guns
they deserve to be bad so while it's
illegal to use water guns during New
Year's there actually isn't any
punishment for doing so except for you
get your water gun taken away from you
so there's that I guess can W the
world's fourth grade teacher strict
enough to take things away from you but
not strict enough to punish you for it
thanks Cambodia although it's pretty
gross to think that somewhere in an
evidence Locker in Cambodia there's
probably like 200 Supersuckers filled
with P so hey I guess if the police ever
run out of bullets they know what to do
number four while the UK has a few
extremely weird laws the do weirdest
ones are the fact that it's illegal to
die in the British houses of parliament
cliques which basically think that's
probably just a line of old dudes
they're like as long as I'm here I can't
die out fuck my rotator cuff in the UK's
other extremely weird law stating that a
pregnant woman can legally relieve
themselves anywhere they want
even if she's so requests in a
policeman's helmet man that is brill as
you british people say which like why
aren't more people using this law to
their advantage imagine just squatting
down in the middle of the road like what
are you doing I'm pregnant oh I'm so
sorry in that case go ahead no thanks
officer mom but I guess if this law was
more accepted just everyone in the UK
would be shitting in the streets because
it's not like police are gonna test if
you're pregnant so they just have to
believe you oh yeah you're under arrest
but I'm pregnant you're a man that
sexist the man can't be pregnant No
so you know if you live in the UK now's
your chance to just go out in the street
and take a dump what are you waiting for
it I'll watch this video fucking and go
do it the missing valuable time you
could be shitting in the streets right
now father you're number five in
Singapore it's illegal to be naked I
don't mean like in public I mean
literally for any reason I want to take
a shower and what about your wife me you
want a chill around the house naked
covered in Doritos and watching meme
compilations on YouTube
and we're as according to the law in
Singapore it's illegal to be naked in
any place public or private as this
deemed to be quote-unquote pornographic
and in case you're wondering yes
pornography is also illegal in Singapore
Wow what yeah what's up just Singapore
no it sounds like a fucking great porn
title and obviously I assume this isn't
actively enforced because like how are
you supposed to shower or fuck it like
change clothes actually this isn't the
only weird law that Singapore has as its
also illegal to connect to someone
else's Wi-Fi smoke in public and sink
that you're not allowed to sing in
Singapore Yeah right you can't sing in
Singapore makes no sense although you
gotta have to feel bad for the person
who heard singing so terrible that he
literally banned it in the country it's
fine that lady from spider-man 2 who's
like oh god I can't stop pay raise guys
that is it for this episode of what the
fuck 5 hopefully you guys enjoyed this
video and if you did make sure to give
it a like and also subscribe to this
channel as I will be doing these every
single week also guys make sure to
subscribe to my channel youtube.com /
captain that says I'm actually putting
up a video tomorrow of me reacting to my
old videos which I actually had an old
video of me and Shane from like 2007 or
2008 so fucking long ago and it is gold
so make sure to check that video out
when it comes up that's it guys I'll see
you next week for another one's about 5
thanks for watching and Fairwinds
