my favorite do I cry you in the pool
with like your you're like pretty but
like average friends from like back home
haha
no what I'm saying is they're not LA
girls so they don't have blonde hair and
big tits but no no they're pretty
they're beautiful girls but what I'm
saying oh they're beautiful now I know
okay I know I'm aware I have eyeliner on
it's not on purpose I was playing a
woman the other day in a video and then
the eyeliner wouldn't come off and now
I'm afraid to go out in public I got rid
of the emo hair alright so now I don't
have people walking up to me saying are
you okay
all the time but now with the eyeliner I
want to write it earlier and a guy
looked at me he's like you're right dude
you can take the email out of the boy
but you can't take the boy out of the
email right what anyways before we start
this video I already talked about this a
couple days ago but I just want to
mention it again the voting for the show
I'm on the chair has officially started
and it is ending in a week so if you
don't know what it is I was on this
reality show where me and this other
girl got to make a movie mine was not
cool hers was called Hollidaysburg and
the audience gets to vote on which movie
they liked better so because we want it
to be fair you have to watch both movies
because when you go to vote you're gonna
have to answer a couple questions about
both movies and if you get them wrong
your vote doesn't count so go watch both
movies get those questions right and
vote for whoever you want to win and and
I'm nervous but I'm excited either way
if I don't win it was so great to make a
movie all right let's start the video
that's it guys yes today we're gonna be
doing another one of my videos where I
talk about songs and explain the lyrics
and you guys forced me to listen to all
these songs and I can't get that out of
my head today's song is a song that I
thought I got away from you know it's a
few months old I thought maybe people
forget it
but no I went on Twitter this is
something everybody wants me to talk
about it's Taylor Swift shake it off now
listen when I first heard the song I
didn't hate it three months later and
eight hundred million more times of
having to listen to it I'm not loving it
but I don't hate it but I like about the
song is Taylor Swift isn't talking about
like one specific guy that she fucking
hates she's talking about the whole
world that she fucking hates and I
relate to her on that so let's get right
into the lyrics now I've heard the song
a lot and I actually don't know the
lyrics
mainly because right when the song
starts radio off I stay out too late got
nothing in my brain honestly she's just
stealing amanda Bynes tweets that's what
people say mmm that's what people say
mm no people say about me when people
talk about me they go oh I go on too
many dates chuckle it actually says
chuckle in parentheses how many dates
she go on and what kind of dates is
Taylor Swift even going on you don't I
mean like it's not like she can go to
Chipotle and then go see ouija get her
money back she's not like us what does
she do like put on a mask and then like
walk around and pretend like she's not
her maybe she just has dates inside of
her mansion you know I mean maybe she
has a Chipotle in her mansion zoo in a
roller coaster oh I want to be Taylor
Swift but I keep cruising can't stop
won't stop moving she's having a seizure
nobody's helping it's like I've got this
music in my mind no Taylor those are
voices and they have medication for that
trust me
I'm on it cuz the players gonna play
play play play play and the haters gonna
hate hate hate hate hate I think this is
Taylor's way of telling us that she's
suffering with OCD you know we're not
the only ones and the play is gonna play
play play play play and the haters gonna
hate hey hey hey hey the serious
disorder and I can joke about it I have
it I actually do have it it sucks maybe
I'm just gonna shake shake shake shake
shake shake it off shake it off I don't
like to shake that's like the last thing
I like to do cuz when I shake I can feel
my body weight moving I can hear the
sound of my skin flapping all the
yoo-hoo in my stomach goes dandruff just
kind of falls out if I'm shaking it off
stay away
Heartbreakers gonna break break break
and fakers gonna fake fake fake that is
so true
I've met a lot of fake people in my life
you know to me like my mom she is a
fucking bitch I fucking hate her okay
second oh hey mom oh love YouTube oh I
never miss a beat got lightning on my
feet
she Zeus that explains so much and
that's what they don't see
mm-hmm that's what they don't see so now
she's invisible
he got lightning on her feet she's
wearing a cloak of invisibility she
never misses a beat so every time it
drops she's there to catch it Taylor
Swift kind of sounds like Jesus Christ
I'm dancing on my own I make my moves up
as I go why those aren't choreographed
what and that's what they don't know we
do hey hey hey just think while you've
been getting down and out about the
liars and the dirty dirty cheats of the
world you been getting down to this sick
beat oh no when I'm too
a sick beat doesn't really turn that
around a sick cheese pizza would I don't
know how to deal with my problems my
ex-man brought his new girlfriend she's
like oh my god but I'm just gonna shake
maybe he's your ex man because he's like
why is she always shaking I can't deal
with this and to the fella over there
with the hella good hair she's not
talking about me I'm aware it's hella
bad right now won't you come on over
here baby you can shake shake shake no
I'm good not really too shaken
did you just reject me did you just
reject Taylor motherfucking Swift never
mind let's shake don't kill me
and then she just says shake it off
shake it off shake it off her over and
the song is over there you go I actually
like this song it's fun I don't know
it's it's definitely been a little too
overplayed and I'm sure a lot of you
guys didn't even click on this video cuz
you're like I don't want to hear about
it anymore but for those of you who did
click you're welcome and I'm sorry all
right you guys I'm gonna go hope you
have fun hang with me I'm coming with
you
leaving some comments down there let me
know what song you want me to do next
time also please make sure to subscribe
and give me a thumbs up is when you give
me a thumbs up I know you liked the
video if you don't give me a thumbs up
well then I think that you hate me I
have issues and please once again please
please please click the link down there
and go submit your vote for the chair
but be fair watch both movies answer
those questions get them right so your
vote counts I will find out if I won I
think next week yeah did you guys see
you later hey why would you put a sad
person on the cover my god he's not
impressed you gotta make that money
bitch I'll be like you fuck him hung up
the red one the yellow one yes was the
yellow ones peanuts I'm want that penis
you have thought about that
