my first clubbing experience with Gigi
do you really want to go though cuz I'll
bring you and I'll show you an amazing
night you guys do it for the vlog no
he'll do anything he'll do it
Friday's coming oh my god what are you
doing for Halloween oh that's to commit
myself
ha ha ha yeah ha ha ha ha honestly
nobody fly 500 J that's a good one there
was a lot of improv we're really gonna
improv satis whether Halloween costume
what you're having custom today my
Halloween costume is a guy who thinks
he's fat and how do you achieve this
love I wearing oh I am she doesn't want
I feel like this is a sweater she would
wear totally like oh hey she would she's
friend is the shirt say oh well maybe
not so much Teresa but it says 99
problems but a dick ain't one
my mom has that moment Teresa make your
little mommy oh I love it
a little sheeny to show you shaming
right yes Oh Shane Lee I love you
she pet me like a horse as big as a
horse
Oh Jean Lee have some candy speaking of
we got more we can even target unless
you remember last week you did this and
we say guess what fuckers were doing to
get bitch bitch and you said ok no you
know what they said they said fuck white
video for the fat pictures I hate her so
much you're like let's do more first of
all that was only my mom it's me he
loves you better one time and I never
got invited back to her no she's a train
she's a passenger I see she's a hundred
percent of passenger she's sitting in
the fucking first class it's of the
Train I love her suppose she you're her
followi
I live with Theresa's videos with Omega
mushy
machine what's the camera she really
hate that but now
no Sheila first we're starting with
something I've never had ever I'm so
fucking excited about it you never had
it
no cuz what will you report you when
you're growing up and like we weren't
allowed to have like you know good
things things with names on it and this
is expensive Count Chocula it wasn't one
brand name you gotta get the generic
stuff well there's marshmallows it yeah
a little stale it doesn't taste like
chocolate to me alright well I'm glad I
was poor because honestly dark crunchy
bitch was way better you look so much
like Edward Cullen right now honestly
thank you though okay in person not so
much on camera you look just like I'm
like I'm looking at that thing you look
just like him thank you when I'm like oh
but then in the camera the whole in
person I look like ass at Taylor Lautner
okay and then on camera I look beautiful
yeah yeah it's weird that the filter
even on this my candy is mmm white
chocolate candy corn yes because I'm so
excited I get you know I didn't get
those I didn't see those I didn't know
he's dressed as a candy corn okay here
we go
that's why I can't go yeah yeah no
they're like hint look uniform
it's a bipolar candy there's like it's
like one second on my oh and the next
three months
oh but then I'm like oh and I'm like mmm
you love it I like it though you like it
more than M&M likes our youth all back
how unhappy he looks on candy corn why
would you put a sad person on the cover
he's not impressed you got make that
money bitch feel like you fucking hung
up the red one the yellow one yes
because the yellow ones peanut inside
one that bean you have thought about
that I did
I'm so fucking excited about this
motherfucker yeah her she's white
chocolate candy he says bitch oh my god
fat person they don't know what reliving
everything are we living oh that's
fucking good that I feel really good
that's living that's what you're living
so hard that's that's fucking her second
life fish I was gone oh my god bitch
that motherfucker just rose from the
dead bitch his Buddhist bitch but he
just came back as a candy bitch oh my
god bitch you love it eyeliner you don't
want anything and I hate like I hate
life but I love this oh my god it's
teacher dome that was a success trick or
treat
I'm Rob
yeah Halloween it has a pumpkin on it
but then I looked at it more and it's
not really Halloween but I still love it
and really exciting on it
it's oh you love you first of all why
they're called muddy buddies cuz in my
life they're called Ranger boot that's
not like a welfare thing is that what
you called it
yeah right not British is that what you
called it help me you called it right
into your poop that's my poop oh I'm so
Ella no you know yp8 sprinkle glitter
glitter sprinkles and glitter yes oh my
god you should be here yeah oh we is are
like post and she says what she says
what should I be you I be you know you
and me Sam pepper don't ask but you ask
a sexual Miles's of Sher Singh what it
won't come Wilson molestation it's so
serious you know we go watch the candy
um this is not even like how is this
hallway Oh
first of all look at that there's really
Oh once literally six are in there
literally six are in there I mean but
it's not Halloween it's not reindeer
poop oh I'm gonna make it reindeer poop
is something that I used to make as a
child yes and it was so fuck I'm
actually really good good I just pretend
I'm not so people don't ask me to do it
are you really fucking with shame though
okay doesn't do it it's not interesting
cuz I'm actually good I don't know learn
okay I'll do chili would you be my
favorite food right sure
yeah I know how to I know how to make
column make it long spell with blood
Holly
oh okay one more then we're gonna do the
rest on her channel okay mine is not
candy as much as it is a present
hmm this is for the queen bitch me
recording for you before you clean so
this is like your literal queen kind
wait you're I'm the queen hunt
you're literally slain we're not waiting
around this is we are dildos I got here
about like penises on my head uh-huh
what the but how does this work it's so
perfect
oh my crown it's a match is that it
happily matches what you're wearing
oh I'm beautiful boom whoa and be I'm
honey boo boo
that was perfect okay from you you just
do that away oh I'm sorry this is why
you're seriously friends yeah
what are you guys go that was one half
over - can y'all go over Driss channel
check out the other half it for candy
hall we're gonna be opening up more
candy and maybe more presents whoo no no
is it not quality Amazon is it not cool
available all night horror film
available on YouTube on Eugene calm such
buttons on though no more of it MJ was
promoted ever I don't pay you for that
thank you shaking from up my movie thank
you um this is our friendship in my
volume Warren well it's more your
YouTube username I don't know it didn't
know that that was seeing I know I was
gonna have a youtuber alright you guys
okay if I make a mess we have money with
you I remember always stay a passenger
on the ginger o hawai design but around
me duh cuz you're a piece of shit they
don't want to see it Roger anymore mmm
has died Jane bye guys that's the wrong
video pop yeah everywhere don't go bomb
yup
down yeah yeah okay okay okay
