I love wine what's your favorite wine
we're all all of them really yeah no
preference olive um mom they're made out
of grapes oh my god I got no idea I
thought you might like Olive Garden no
oh my golly had to be guys I'm so
excited so so so so so excited cuz we
just did a podcast I've been waiting to
have her my podcast and she's finally
here stay gorgeous mom uh-huh it was so
much fun I had so much fun what was your
favorite part um where you made me laugh
almost to the point of Tears I left so
hard that I I think I pooped a little
bit you really were killing me though it
was a crude humor though like I feel bad
about it but it's a good kid and
everything was being caught on the mic I
kept hitting my face on and it was just
like a mascot a lot of photos good we
talked about all the terms that I've
learned from you like living though
lying dead and then the new one that you
brought me today which was which I
didn't even it wasn't intentional it's
like I'm not like a glossary of
dictionary you ever mi you need to write
a book it's so much pressure though I
don't make up these words they're just
brought to me when today was live yeah
it was live we're talking about the club
and I was like well that night was live
and he's like what's live I'm like good
but it doesn't work for certain things
like grow my hair is live today that's
bad yeah I don't think that's good I
think did you use living for that one
there's so much oh we also have my
friend Jessica hey girl oh my gosh oh
that huh
living life live visit library live uh
how was your experience you were met
colas today so a funny girl I love that
time when I can just hang out and kick
it be funny and be myself right now look
at her hair she has a little styling
icon the headphone oh yeah right now
it's choose everything I'm moving right
there that's a live here so go to work
we talked about Beyonce a lot because
you're obsessed with be honest I love
her she's my queen now can you do your
best to Beyonce impression yeah but you
got to back up cuz it goes like this you
go baby boom everywhere I go I'm gonna
see you burn up unless you like it oh my
god oh my god that actually is how she
goes I know all her choreography crazy
lover
hit hit work Hey Oh
oh hi what do we get okay well hold on
let me I'm gonna try that first one hey
pop yeah everywhere uncle bun yup down
yeah yeah okay okay okay
Bob turn around yeah turn around face
back did your pants all the way go bend
down pop up and then look back bop bop
close your turn wait do your Paris
Hilton yeah check out the podcast I'll
put the link down there it's up right
now also go check out Gigi channel um
she's gonna take me clubbing soon
alright well if you want to I mean you
say that now but then when I hit you up
with an invite you're gonna say no I
want to come I want that Taco Bell Bell
angel huh Jesse to come with me that's
right yeah all right you guys I'll see
you in the car
haha heads up guys yes I'm in my car
just left the podcast and it was amazing
it was so good Gigi's so funny and
interesting and great my co-host Jessica
who you guys don't know well maybe you
do if you've seen her Lisa videos but
she's one of Lisa's friends who I met
through Lisa and she's so funny and she
was great
like really good so I'm curious I wanna
see some comments down there and also on
the podcast I kind of feel like she
could be a permanent co-host
I think she's really good
no you guys think let me know so yeah
I'll put the podcast go check it out you
can let me know and I'm just excited
feel good about life right now I'm happy
about work and I'm happy about just
feeling good I'm also wearing a lot of
makeup this is because I just did today
earlier I did Larry King I did too Larry
King well maybe I did he had me on his
little show or his little shot he had me
on his like big show it was cool so that
was good anyways the way I celebrated my
great day was that I got cupcakes
because I'm a problem and I don't know
how to experience joy and once it's
covered in sugar so I was like I'll just
get like some cupcakes you know try a
bite of one and then bring the rest to
like the crew at the podcast and then I
did this and then that happened I had
the tops of all of them this one was
okay I'll do a haul my favorite so far
it's definitely the brown sugar red
velvet if it's not red confusing my
second favorite was definitely the
caramel apple and it has gooey caramel
inside my least favorite was the vegan
pumpkin which tasted like vegan diarrhea
not very good although I ate all of it
uh-oh and then the peanut butter this
one has peanut butter inside of it can
you see that sure mm-hmm
I'm gonna get a lot of weight cool
anyways hope you guys had fun hang with
me today and funny with you I'm gonna go
home and uh start editing some stuff and
keep working on my book I'm finishing
writing my book right now I don't know
when it's coming out but that's been
really fun um
reliving all my childhood nightmares
wrote a chapter about prom which is
interesting and sad so hide all the
sharp objects when you're reading it
also once again I've already talked
about this this week but please please
please go support me and you know I'm on
the show the chair right now and you
know voting has started so if you go to
the website down there follow the chair
comm you can vote you have to watch both
movies and answer a quiz where that has
questions about both movies if you don't
pass the quiz they throw away your
survey it'll say you passed it but if
you got a wrong answer they'll throw it
away which is what sucks but yeah so you
just kind of rate how you like the
movies be honest and
find out if I want in like two weeks and
listen it's not about winning you know I
don't I got to make a movie and I'm
proud of it so that that's winning
enough but you know it is a contest and
it is an audience based contest so I
hope that my audience you guys loved the
movie and I hope Hurst her I hope people
loved her movie too so I you know I want
it to be fair but I'm nervous okay
I want to go oh we got so much room I'm
gonna go dresses cupcakes uh people
don't know this about me but I hate
makeup it feels horrible
hey I don't though when I play a girl
all I do is lipstick and that's it
really
cuz I hate this feeling in your movie
it's like wet dogs lick oh my god
licking are you guys you love my dog oh
I hate it I hate
