hey guys hey zippy guys yeah we are so
excited right now because we're gonna be
doing a Halloween costume makeover on
her channel I made her into something
amazing so you should go check that out
after and over here she's gonna turn me
into something terrifying know you want
to be amazing we had a little celebrity
thing going on so he drove me just love
me I'm gonna turn you into a celebrity I
am nervous because when you consider
celebrity it is not what I consider
celebrity a bit flatter like there is
this like 85 billion it works at
Chipotle yeah I'm so cool and I'm like
okay by the way before we get into it we
need to explain where we are oh yes I'm
in Trish's brain it's filled with a lot
of things most of which are makeup
related and sex related and there is
about 15 different panties hanging up
there and a box of diapers
so welcome it's very exciting you're
into it no wait what why do you always
scary what you're looking for oh okay so
you know like in your closet we just
have like fetish lingerie with your face
on it
no how like that - yeah you turn around
- lets just so Faris it's featuring a
wet look okay you can put a little water
to make it shiny my favorite is the size
because they don't want to say plus size
so instead they say we and diva Queen
and diva queen is like plus I D like
bubbles I really wish Walmart had those
option when I was blessed size so I
wouldn't have to say can I get a five
extra large shirt I could just say hi
can I get a super king good can I get a
slang Kings a keystone very young okay
guys we're cool to do a makeover I hope
you put me in bad yeah I'm sorry I'm
gonna get you into a celebrity but I
like you I'm not going to reveal it
right away I'm gonna have you like guess
who you're gonna be it's gonna like a
fun little challenge
she doesn't really represent what I'm
turning you into got it so I guess went
way more like detail than you know so
this is the first thing okay I got you
an extra large man you mean a king okay
you got your slang about like not
fitting interesting so I want to make
sure you sit okay so I don't really know
what pieces to put on but I feel like
we'll just call it the jacket if they
can't see your pants
oh so it's a pimp suit but you're not a
pimp you're gonna guess it's gonna i'm
putting makeup on okay so it's gonna be
like this whole transformation but
you're going to guys out but you're not
cross-dressing so okay first for shame
interesting you're actually a guy ever
been done so um okay so what would you
like it though no I mean I'm looking for
it actually that kind of guy am I gonna
make you look good you even look crazy
you have any guess who you are your
trick coat you're gonna be AI got a tie
I got a blazer you don't know yet I
don't know Kelly Clarkson oh no a lot of
Blazers after since you day yeah that's
true you have to wear eat a large
cheesecake though and to make your face
a little fatter
okay well this might give it away I
think this is so good
you have good so here's your way oh no
I'm nervous you know what it is I'm
nervous
wait a minute okay do it but I kind of
think I know this is but it's random is
it random no okay mainstream wait who do
you think you are I don't want to say I
don't wanna give it away why I don't you
know oh my god am I um emo band
everybody always wants me my Chemical
Romance
is that it no no no oh my god what a let
me see I think are you sure because he's
done this is in the 2010 we have similar
features clearly em him guys that's
literally on him oh your darkness yes oh
my gosh you're into it oh you got into
that uneasy on faces yep no okay so now
I want to do the makeup so you can feel
a little more like Oh
oh oh oh my god hey do it huh oh just a
little Tooty ends it in no hate it
people don't know this about me but I
hate makeup it feels horrible
I don't though when I play a girl all I
do is look sick and that's it really cuz
I hate this feeling in your movie it's
like wet dogs lick oh my god licking are
you guys
you love my dogs oh I hate it I think
the only other thing you need for makeup
is I mean I what I mean I think you know
what is that what you know Oh No what's
happening okay I just need you a little
bit of contour and not much though is he
alone no honestly what's good about this
costume is its subtle you really want a
subtle look I look more like honest in
this is like he wears this on a daily oh
I love it though and then you need
cheekbones you might be the ghost of him
he did die cute sake I think so good
contouring now and then the final thing
things I'm really not good makeup
artists I'm like a beauty guru oh you
really are okay smile get your lips so
pretty you're beautiful okay great so
there's the makeup love Halloween
transformation oh there's a couple more
days to complete this outfit do we know
who we are yet you guys guess who he is
Lana Del Rey no I don't know who she is
but I feel like she looks like this
you're living brothers look though
rebeccablack
no okay this will give it away
Cheers for your right hand do we know
who we are yeah
this is my crush I'm like so in love
right now I keep never like hotter you
look so good kind of just I love him one
sec I need another prop look how cute
you are
and then the final look is
yes do it do it another donut that hit a
net net net that better than that yeah
you been hit by a smooth criminal do you
love it I love it
it's such a good job really good look
amazing if you read Michael Jackson your
channel okay I'm your makeup artist I'm
so good
yo like living my childhood dream hey
what if you always wanted me to say I
love you Trisha please marry Tata bro oh
so good just baked us go I love you go
thanks for always supporting me in my
work and I just want to tell you one
more thing
yes it doesn't matter
you look so good boy your guys go
that was a transformation I feel
amazing I feel like I'll leave it on I
feel like a faction we don't want to
take on easy on what I'm a Texan
honestly my daily struggle oh it's one
like which one do I look like though
check out dresses general go subscribe
and check it out cuz we did another
makeup to talk makeup tutorial now we
did Halloween costume on her check it
out and also leave a thumbs up and this
and leave a comment telling me what
you're gonna be for Halloween question
today that was about it
yeah Shh and one more thing before we go
racism zombie answer
hashtag a trade tell anybody
Trisha wants to know what's your
favorite sex move does it count if she
tells me to move away from her
cuz that what happens a lot
