hey let's if you guys yes I know I'm
wearing eyeliner it's a long story let's
move on and I know you're not used to
seeing me on Sunday because usually it's
Alexis but she had to take the week off
so you got me instead and if you don't
like it you gotta blow me get it cuz
it's a horn and you have to blow it no
penis never what a waste of twenty
dollars anyways I thought today will be
fun if we did a little Q&A so I went on
Facebook and I said hey guys send me all
your Q's I want to a them all I want to
all your Q's sounds gross
let's do it Marcie wants to know Shane
what does voting for the chair start
funny you should ask Marcie cuz I wanted
to tell you guys about that right now so
for those of you who don't know I'm on a
show right now called the chair which is
a kind of a documentary show about me
and another girl named Anna and we're
both making movies I mean not cool she
made Hollidaysburg both movies came out
and now it is a time where the audience
gets to vote on what movie they enjoy
the most now to make it fair people who
are voting have to watch both movies
they are going to ask you a couple
questions before you vote and about the
movies and if you get them wrong they're
not gonna count your vote so I'll put a
link down there to my movie her movie
and the link to vote I'm not going to
sit here and tell you to vote for me and
tell you my movies better and all that
stuff because that's not fair and that's
tacky all I'm gonna say is you know I I
really hope you guys loved the movie as
much as I did and I did not make this
movie for critics I didn't make it for
fucking Hollywood people wearing suits
to judge I made this movie for you guys
and and I really stuck to that down to
the fucking end I was like I want to
make a movie that my audience is gonna
fucking love I'm gonna love and and I
feel like I did that so if you love the
movie or even if you didn't love the
movie please please please go support
and vote I will find out next week who
the winner is and I'm really really
nervous and excited and yeah this could
be life-changing this I mean it would be
life-changing if I won it would also be
life-changing if she won so ah just go
vote okay moving on Maisie wants to know
why you gotta be so rude cuz I hate
myself Maisie and I take out all my
anger on other people I was too real Ben
wants to know what's your thoughts on
Ebola ah I love a fun question well for
those of you who don't know Ebola is a
disease where shit let me Wikipedia this
basically blood comes out of your eyes
in your ass and then you die basically
what happens when you go to
on all the screaming girls and your ears
starts bleeding and then you eat some
fan cookies and then you start bleeding
out of your ass because that wasn't
really a fan that was a hater
poof vidcon bola I'm actually not that
scared about Ebola I mean I might get it
who knows but every fucking five years
the government comes out with another
disease that we're all supposed to be
afraid of and we're all supposed to go
to the pharmacy and get a bunch of
fucking medicine for and I don't know it
all just very much seems like a money
government thing and I'm not gonna get
too much into it because I don't want to
get killed but all I'm gonna say is calm
down you're gonna be okay and yes some
people are getting it and that is
terrible but it's literally like the
tiniest percentage right now people that
are dying or dying from Ebola and
there's a lot of other diseases we
should be worried about
like honestly jealousy cuz jealousy is
the sickness bitch can get well soon
Scylla wants to know what's your
favorite cartoon I don't really have a
favorite cartoon mainly any cartoon that
shows like steak know what I mean I
don't eat steak in real life but a
cartoon steak well hello bubble in the
middle oh I love blood dripping off mmm
let's fuck that up
I think I just had sex with myself oh
good Danny wants to know what color is
your bra right now hair tangle once to
know boxers or briefs
I'd show you but I'm not wearing any
pants Riley wants to know would you
rather have a dick or vagina
sounds like a life altering question I'm
gonna stick with my penis but thank you
Mirinda wants to know how much ass have
you sucked I'm gonna be honest I still
don't quite know what this means
sometimes it sounds good sometimes it
sounds bad somebody was like oh my god I
loved your movie sucked my ass so I
favorited it I didn't retweet cuz I
still know if it's good or not Morgan
wants to know what are you gonna be for
Halloween I am NOT gonna dress up
because Halloween is my day off I got a
dress up fucking every other day of the
year but if I had to dress up I'd
probably be a clump of hair you find in
a drain I already got the costume
Christine wants to know do you miss your
old hair no I hated it the only thing I
miss about it is that now when I get
forehead pimples I can't cover them I
also noticed that I don't get hit on by
as many guys with shorter hair damn Yana
wants to know are you part of the
Illuminati next question Charlene wants
to know where's the ABS Nick Jonas stole
all of them Trisha wants to know what's
your favorite sex move does it count if
she tells me to move away from her
cuz that what happens a lot Charlie
wants to know do you want kids in the
future I would love future kids I would
have them come back
and tell me like what happened to Amanda
Bynes did she ever get her brain back
our hoverboards a thing have they
invented a way to put a frozen yogurt
machine inside my body you know
the important issues Madeline wants to
know how did you deal with depression
when you were a kid food
wow I'm kidding but I'm not if you're
dealing with depression see a therapist
don't do what I did because you'll go
through a lot of peanut butter Rebecca
wants to know is twerking still the
thing nope but don't tell my mom she
really enjoys it Gary wants to know hey
Shane can you prank phone call your mom
and tell you're pregnant okay hey mom
yeah I'm pregnant are you trying to say
I look fat what are you trying to say I
look fat well it's gonna come out of my
butt oh that's okay I love that baby no
matter what what's going on I know
that's it just on you're pregnant okay
well okay I'll bring the poop baby over
later okay bye uh she's gonna kill my
baby and last but not least Kimberly
wants to know Shane where's the booty I
think it's where is it oh it's right
there yeah I'm sorry
where you guys go that is other
questions today leave me a comment down
there giving me more questions also make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe and please please please click
on the link down there and go vote I
can't wait to find out what happens all
right yeah so be a fun hang with me Ed
pinning with you and I'll see you
tomorrow
hi Haley wants to know have you ever
crapped your pants at school yes I had
Haley multiple tests really yes really
yeah I'm surprised I cracked my pants
before
let's go up I mean when I was in Middle
School my mom used to send me to school
with a can of refried beans and oh can
you love three five beans I know they
didn't love me
