hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck news I missed you guys
my name is Desiree and I am moving
across the country yeah I decided that
I've had just about enough of Orlando
Florida and I'm actually moving across
the country where everyone is not
mentally insane Thank You Lorna but this
is what the fuck news we talked about
the super strange ass news that you
might have missed in the last week and
the first thing I want to talk about
today is Halloween did I scare you I
fucking hope so but this year in
Halloween news a pregnant woman is suing
Busch Gardens howl-o-scream for causing
her mental distress when a guy with a
chainsaw
chased her around the park and scared
her okay let me get this straight you're
suing the guy for scaring you when his
job is to run around and scare people oh
I see what happened he assumed that you
were a person when in fact you're really
just a dumb bitch
in her lawsuit the mother Britney
Lipscomb stated that the Park hired
costumed characters to chase people
around the park with chainsaws causing
them to run around the park aimlessly oh
yeah listen to this she also claims and
this caused her emotional distress and
fears for the well-being of her child ah
yeah but I don't know what the fuck you
expect going to hallow scream if you go
ahead and sit around all day and read
books about how to please our husbands
orally fuck no literally the definition
of haunted houses is to be so scared by
them that at the end your kidney
literally hurts no matter how good was
that haunted house well my kidney is
bleeding so uh pretty good right on Plus
why the fuck would you go to hallow
scream when you're pregnant did you want
your baby to come out with demon horns
worshipping Satan
congratulations it's a demon oh my god
and more what the fuck news a chapel in
Michigan is now the first chapel ever to
offer a service call a drive through
open coffin viewing I just wanted to
provide a different service to our
families that service called drive-thru
viewing recently debuted Ivan Phillips
this funeral home as you enter into the
drive-thru when you perceive forward the
curse would draw back hey you may pay
your respects to the loved one three
minutes from the privacy of your vehicle
okay there are some great things that
drive thrus actually help you out with
coffee banks diarrhea I mean sorry
Taco Bell but why in the web of fuck
would you need a drive-through
funeral service well there I'm so busy I
only have two minutes to pay respects to
my dead end
sorry Plus like what satisfaction is
someone gonna get for driving by and
seeing their dead relative through a
window wow she is super dead look at
that plus I can't be the only one
wondering but like what happens with
like a really creepy guy you know it's a
comes in and you know he's into like
weird shit like a necrophilia or some
shit you know not me cuz you know I
wouldn't do that often but you know
what's to stop him from sitting outside
and be like oh yeah oh hey Jerry I
thought I told you never to go back here
and the bullshit I paid good money to
see them dead daily I think there's
something psychologically wrong with me
but hey if I don't ask who will in viral
video what the fuck news a video
recently went viral showing you behind
the scenes look at how Awkward filming
sex scenes in Hollywood really is you're
not you're sorry no no you're finally
you're good okay you're good I was just
lifting and no no yeah nice I was crazy
are you guys cool that one like that it
we gotta I swear to God you know I've
actually filmed quite a bit of scenes
like this for a guy in a white van you
know what I'm gonna stop right there you
promised me if I kept quiet about the
whole thing I'd be a famous movie star
but all I got was a swollen rectum but
this shit was so awkward to watch it
actually reminded me of my first time is
it in yet I'm over here oh sorry can my
job just be the guy who gets to spray
people during sex scenes more spray are
you know that's good thank you nice and
spray and lastly in some movie news the
teaser trailer for The Avengers 2 age of
Ultron was just released and it looks
exquisite
want to protect the world but you don't
want it to change you're all puppets
tangled in strings strings
great
no strings on me buck yes
marbles has been putting out really good
movie after really good movie so I'm
really hoping that the Avengers two kind
of stays in the same part as the other
movies they've been putting out lately
but just to recap we have the first look
of how Iron Man actually looks in the
Hulkbuster suit the first look of how
Ultron looks and Thor just standing
around looking pretty I guess I don't
know where the first look at Aaron
Johnson as Quicksilver and the first
look at his sister The Scarlet Witch on
although I'm really excited for this
movie to come out which is set to come
out May 2015 anyways that was it for
this episode of what the fuck new Marth
pray for you no no no anyways though my
question the day for you guys is who is
your favorite Avenger leave those in the
comments down below all of today's
stories as always in the description
below as well as all of my links before
I guys go make sure to click this link
to vote for Shane Dawson's movie not
cool in a competition on the chair the
voting ends on November 6 so make sure
you go do that or I will kill you and
your whole family waiting to do this
whole life
also if you want to see more of me make
sure to check out my channel youtube.com
slash cat and Destin it's pretty awesome
I guess but I will see you next week for
another what-the-fuck news and Fairwinds
