honey Corniche ah hey yes today we're
going to hashtag hashed a hash tag ask
she said lots of SS good thing we don't
have lips I didn't get real awkward the
other with sometimes Oh what comes out
I'm kidding you whistle when you die
okay so we wanna turn over today fuck do
you guys wanna know and you wrote us
some questions and shit and we're gonna
answer let's go Haley wants to know have
you ever crapped your pants at school
yes I have
Haley multiple times really yes really
yeah I'm surprised I didn't crack her
hands before we're not at school I mean
when I was in middle school my mommy
just sent me to school that contra
friend me okay over you lovely five days
I know they didn't want me
hmm into the store so you want to know
the shame still get grossed out when you
do that thing with your eye
what thing with my eye oh this oh stop
no I hate it I hate no it's not very
nice I'll do the same with my you know I
can see it she also still gets crossed
out when I do that thing with my butt
and you're always doing that thing with
your body no Jay wants to know do you
guys ever want to shoot each other
absolutely all the time but vine is bad
and I would never show you because
that's too easy I would do something
slow painful and like take a little
razor blade slowly
skinned inch-by-inch making you suffer
and lead to death while I'd done my
fingers into your eyes
and then placed my fingertips inside of
your
is up
sell your memories from child oh my god
that's exactly what I was doing you love
dating still not right you're fucked up
man I know Madeline wants to know what
do you guys do when you're not filming
Shane and Lisa she's the feel says
please tell me you guys didn't break up
we did we totally wrote that hi this is
awkward isn't it oh I should replace
this shirt man you moved into your
office didn't you yeah there's a pillow
there which means I sleep not seriously
we broke up yeah and last but not least
Alyssa wants to know what's your
favorite member you shared each other uh
to be honest I just like black
everything out but JK's I always like
when we go look at the light Oh
ah judo yes guys we're happy wearing
shirts with our faces and names on and I
farted 18 capture me thanks who are
watching if you want to see more of RS
used to go over to her jail scram figure
if you want to not see it then jump but
you know like you publish it also I
really think I'm breaking what I don't
know I just feel it was it mind
skull-fucking my favorite oh god the
green I love that
mmm Shrek comes out a little bit oh
don't get Oh
