yeah hey guys yes I'm here well choose a
penis hey I'm a hooker for Halloween
yeah we're doing a candy haul we did a
half of it on her channel we're in the
other half of mine and we're probably
gonna do a bunch more next week because
we op can't we do so much it's our
connection oh she only likes me for my
candy that's so true it's true I thought
on reddit everyone's like ha ha ha does
he can t I don't even like her anyway so
we went to our gasps and we got oh well
I never realized how much that that
looks like an open bleeding ass what
that happen to you one time remember
that's great yeah you don't leading oh
yeah yeah I believe a lot for my ass
anyways yes very much candy and we're
gonna go through it because it's
Halloween and that's what fuckin
Holland's about bitch you are loving the
bitch today
you're very sassy I'm loving I'm kind of
a sassy come today you are kind of
assessment is right hey I have not been
hanging out with Tyler Oakley but I have
been hanging out with myself and I am a
sassy cut exactly yeah that's cause your
mom she's a sassy good night I didn't
really know she's a sassy fuckin
cocksuckin angry bitch car yeah yeah I
kind of love it though every not love it
you drama variance a short relationship
and I dig it our first game I'm gonna
start something good because there's a
lot of gross shit ik but I want to I
want us some good these to me sounded
amazing this is pumpkin spice fucking
chips I don't know what that quite what
that means cuz it's like you know it's
not chocolate
oh don't quite know what this is but I
might be like pumpkin spice chocolate
chip like maybe the chocolate with
Mitchell home since I start like the
Mohican Jambo that was a lot of okay oh
you're sharing sharing is carrying I
love it what it is I think it but it's
intense is fuckin take powder oh my god
is that he's like really good doesn't
taste like pumpkin okay brought a little
bit from Starbucks oh it does kind of
taste like one of the baristas the
Starbucks just direitos
no I
like pop new friends I like it you like
it I like it
you had the diarrhea I'm living when you
come tonight when you come tonight no
when you brush it tonight is what I
meant to say is it work
same thing sometimes I'll get up on it a
but orgasm or a bug as if I'm pushing
out a Duke ah that just gets my
prostrate enough and then I literally
shiver and then I feel like really
ashamed of it
I'm gonna cry oh no that's why it's
better for guys kick it in the butt
because your prostate yeah I hit it with
a toothbrush once like it I'm gonna talk
to you you're a volte asshole in a
wedding Shane so I will go I got boogers
oh my god
hmm so where's your rock boogers my
boxin is right here well great minds I
got it because I thought of you when I
think of Shane I think of groans burps
brokers like just nasty
oh you love those that's literally
living me though I remember I was
getting out with him and I remember
telling Shana that I just won't be
getting to birth once part in trying to
make this really gross I'm not that you
don't you never have oh are they gonna
taste like boogers
yeah the art the flavors are snot melon
sour boogie and lemon I think I just had
a shot knowing there's nothing I hate
more the boogers except for gummies
I hate gummies I hate gummies that are
in the shapes of other foods I like
truthing I hate it it's salty and not
salty it tastes like a booger
you are a little baby I hate it a little
bit oh sorry you call me
I know this is not a favorite of a lot
of people's but I really enjoy
marshmallows and telling him so Joyce
candy corn and they fucking make candy
corn marshmallows Parris yeah oh if I
was an actual hooker I would sell my
pussy for this 1,000% how many could you
spit in there in there I'd like oh you
can be in my pussy and then you give me
those what I would say chubby bunny with
your pussy chubby polka
oh can we see that like if you're ready
like shopping miss Shelley Marsh posed
in there and then you queef every time
one let me challenge the queasy
challenge queasy gel put in the title do
I like this I love that it's not I can't
case it it's not a candy corn too much I
just love marshmallows wait a minute are
these supposed to taste like candy corn
are they just shaped
I think there's a shape they definitely
don't taste like it but it says like ass
candy corn is just sugar and I guess
smart fella just sugar and Galilee
titles you just like this video Youmans
life and is like the movie nah cool it's
very cool so the title is very
misleading thank you come on Titans
bitch I'm just like a viral video the
new Trisha Paytas horror film that is on
her channel right now that you should go
check out bitch no Trisha did a horror
short film on a very proud of her
because I told her I said 'you really
should do a short film because you were
talented and I believed in you and then
she said no I don't want to and then she
made one and a group I did I am Sue's
friend to her then I'm fuck Spyro me if
anyone wanted to get happenin when I
happen she can't let me she with
everything s I'm going to step behind
you I'm okay with that
oh my god I'm always just queefing right
in front of you I dig it I found
something special for you oh wow
if there's one thing I know about my
friend Shane is that special other than
there she's like pumpkins but exciting
but honestly though that's all I need
imma laugh like at the base all I need
in this world is research shaped like
something I love which is pumped these
are good uh-huh look living they really
melted a hole in your truck there's
still freedom honestly though I'm okay
with the melted Reese's I didn't do this
next one I'm really excited about I
found them in a secret corner in target
it was back in Narnia I opened up one of
the cabinets it was the all the baby
oils and then I opened it up and then I
walked into the secret village where
they had
you win but these are different these
are Halloween and I guess that means the
cream inside is Halloween great it's
scream the calories green all right here
we go oh my god this is the summary
first pocket over Cadbury eggs oh my god
our friendship though women our first
day was a together was highbury eggs
eating in my car talking about how much
we had daddy issues living yeah the
green I love that hmm Shrek comes out a
little bit oh don't get um these are
good I mean they taste exactly like a
barracks no I just a little bit of
horror in them mm-hmm fail but a success
is that like listen if I was a girl if I
ended the night with food on my bed
well there you guys go that was our
candy hall we're gonna do a part two
next week and we're also gonna do a
Halloween costume video next week I'm
very excited about that
so get ready to kiss a train choo-choo
you will be coming back Wow question of
the day what should I dress her up as
next week for Halloween let me know also
who's subscribing give me a thumbs up
and check out her video on her channel
reading on her fucking thing kidding
home another candy home he's over it oh
I can't wait to eat more sugar are you
guys have you have any of us we have
anybody I don't for you tomorrow make
sure you go check out juices horror film
on her channel make sure to go buy
knuckle on iTunes and make sure to eat a
bunch of candy because you are on the
this is literally a movie about some
kind of an alien creature monster who
dresses like a pedophile
and he kills kids like a pedophile and
he has wings not like a pedophile
although that would make pedophiles a
lot more magical there's a scene in this
movie where a guy gets his head chopped
off and then he dances afterwards you're
welcome
