oh did I scare you I know my face is
terrifying oh I look so good with the
lights off heads up guys yes I'm so
excited
it is almost Halloween which is one of
my favorite times of the year not
because of all the binge eating on candy
or even because I can wear a mask to
hide this I am the world's biggest
horror movie fan I have seen every scary
movie ever made I know every horror
director I know everything they've ever
done I used to walk around my house when
I was like 10 and I pretend like I was
in a horror movie when in reality the
only movie I could have been in was
heavyweights anyways yes I love scary
movies so I thought that it would be a
fun video where I would tell you guys 5
scary movies that you should check out
on Halloween I know a lot of you are
probably just gonna hang out your
friends you don't really know what
you're doing you're probably just gonna
Facebook stalk an ex-boyfriend or you
know Instagram prank your grandma I
don't know how you would prank your
grandma with Instagram you figure it out
anyways here's 5 movies that you should
check out I know a DVD what's that I've
never seen one of those before these are
what movies used to be on the kids
before this they have videotapes I know
I'm losing you
sit down now I picked movies that I
really love but also movies that I kind
of hate love these are only the best for
movies ever made but they're movies that
are gonna be really really fun for you
to watch with your friends and some of
them you've probably never even heard of
all right here we go the first one this
is my favorite horror movie of all time
I've seen it maybe 500 times scream and
you can't see it oh there it is
yes scream I don't know what to say
about this movie besides it's perfect
you got a girl trying to climb through a
pet door in a garage she gets crushed
fire boobs
you got a scary dude running around
killing people with a mask that looks
like one of those emojis it's really
perfect I give this movie 5 out of 5
emojis the second movie you guys should
check out is jeepers creepers - now this
is definitely not a good movie it is
pretty horrible but really entertaining
I have also seen this movie over a
hundred times I have no life so if you
have not seen jeepers creepers 1 don't
worry about it you don't need to watch
it this has nothing to do with it this
is literally a movie about some kind of
an alien creature monster who dresses
like a pedophile and he kills kids like
a pedophile and he has wings not like a
pedophile although that would make
a lot more magical there's a seam in
this movie where a guy gets his head
chopped off and then he dances
afterwards you're welcome
all right the third one is definitely a
movie you've ever seen before or knew
existed do you remember the movie
quarantine about that group of people
that got stuck in their apartment
building and they weren't allowed to
leave well did you know that they made a
sequel that went straight to DVD called
quarantine to terminal of death now I
know you're thinking a straight-to-dvd
sequel that's probably amazing you're
wrong
this movie is about a bunch of people
they get stuck in an airplane because
some kind of a virus got loose and they
were not allowed out because the virus
is going crazy in the airplane it's what
should have happened in Cleveland when
that woman with Ebola got on a plane the
government would have saved a lot of
time in lies if they would have watched
quarantine two-terminal of death anyways
the movie is actually really
entertaining and really stupid and fun
and I really love more movies about a
group of people trapped in one place and
they're stuck there and they you know
start fighting and then they have to try
to find a way out and I love chase
scenes I love when a girl's running
she's like help me help me and I
monsters running behind her and she runs
up the stairs and then he's there
I love shit like that and this movie
fold it so this is probably available on
like Apple TV maybe Netflix but it's
worth it it's worth it if you want a fun
stupid movie all right number four is a
black Christmas no this is not a Tyler
Perry movie although I wish it was black
Christmas is not a Christmas movie well
actually it is I think it came out on
Christmas I'm pretty sure I went to the
movie theater on Christmas with my mom
to watch it we have a really unhealthy
relationship so this is about a guy who
goes crazy when he's a kid
kills his parents on Christmas and makes
cookies out of their body and then eats
them still not a Tyler Perry movie and
then a group of sorority girls move into
that house like thirty years later but
the guy still living in the basement and
on Christmas night while the local wakes
up a girl gets strangled with Christmas
lights and stabbed in the eye with
scissors i think mary elizabeth winstead
is in it who is one of my favorite
horror actresses of all time I'm about
to get really creepy right now I want to
be here and also there's somebody else
in it who's like a pop star or something
I can't remember it's somebody famous
it's not Hilary Duff but it's somebody
like that there's somebody like that in
this movie but it's really really fun
and really gross and really gory and
it's not
that's scary it's just more you know fun
and stupid alright and last but not
least I decided to pick a movie that
you've probably not heard of that's the
grossest movie I've ever seen in my
entire life because I feel like we got
the fun ones we've got the scary ones
now it's time to make you vomit up all
that candy this movie is called the
ruins the ruins is about a group of kids
who are trapped in this like jungle area
and they're quarantined basically
because they can't leave because there
is some kind of a leaf or like vine that
has attacked them this is not making
sense
let me start over it's about a group of
kids who get killed that make sense so
basically they're on this like pyramid
thing and inside the pyramid is all
these vines and like leaves and shit and
they're like oh my god these vines are
so pretty and no I'm not talking about a
six-second loop that's annoying I'm
talking about vines like actual vines
it's not a bunch of Nash careers
although that would be scary and kind of
sexy
don't judge me anyways the vines
actually start to attach themselves to
you crawl inside of your skin and turn
you into a fucking vine and this one guy
it gets crawled into his leg and then
his laying fucking turns to a vine and
then it's a chopped up fucking leg and
they're not doctors they don't have a
degree they don't know what they're
doing so there's a lot of body parts
getting cut off and there's this one
girl who started getting into it there's
just one girl who was like whoa starts
going crazy cuz she's like the binder my
head the visor in my head so then she
starts taking a knife and carving out
like she's like I'm gonna find the vine
I'm gonna find the vines I'm gonna find
the vines it is the most disturbing
thing I've ever seen in my life
so if you are really squeamish don't
watch it that's how you should prank
your groom bring her in and say grandma
we're gonna watch some fun home videos
and then just turn on the TV and have
that girl go - grandma's gonna have a
heart attack and die you got pranked
there you go those are my five
recommendations for Halloween let me
know down the comments your favorite
horror movie maybe I'll see one I
haven't seen yet I've pretty much seen
them all but I'm always looking for new
ones hi guys hope you had fun scaring
with me
I had fun scaring you and I'll scare you
tomorrow bye
did I get you No damn see you later
graveyard girl I would say yes except
I'm a little scared you might say
something like that does this
really walk this mckenas anyways
