hey what's up you guys I am here with my
good friend ginamarie are you happy to
be here I'm thrilled to be here I met
her doing videos obviously you've seen
all the one she's been in and I just
love her so much
so I recently got to see a movie called
st. Vincent and I really really loved it
and the reason I connected with it was
it was about Bill Murray who plays an
older character who kind of befriends a
younger guy and I thought perfect
situation cuz you're a little older I'm
a little younger and we're a little more
than friends what do you say so here's
what we're gonna do
I thought it would be fun if I went on
Twitter and I asked you guys to give her
some questions about this generation I'm
gonna throw some questions that you are
you ready ready okay what do you turn
down for nothing yeah do you got a bay
or nay a Bay or an egg yeah I'm a babe
yeah who's your bag I'll never tell
what's a tumbler something I roll on
you're all around on it oh I see you so
great
what's the dirtiest snapchat you've ever
gotten what it's snapchat is a thing on
your phone where you take a picture and
you send it to somebody and then it
disappears forever they like to send
nudes dance Sam what's your favorite
emoji my favorite what emoji is when
you're texting your BAE and you want to
say sup boo and then you send your nude
afterwards you send a little emoji of
this I think I could probably dig that
ha ha ha give me your best emoji face
is Tyler Oakley your queen I don't think
so
I never heard of that person this
PewDiePie your queen tiny Queen don't
thanks oh where is that person anyway
Ivan he's in Germany
hey he's kind of far for me to hook up
with oh my god the Queen the coin that's
me the Queen who's your favorite
youtuber I really don't have any buddies
man you'll know hello oh yeah Thank You
Shan Shan dotson close enough is your
selfie game on point do you know what a
selfie is selfies when you take a
picture of yourself do you do that I
have a friend that does that his name is
Lou and last and final question and this
one's personal when did you lose your
virginity oh I have to tell you it was a
long time ago when I was very very young
I really don't like to talk about it it
sounds like it didn't go too well it
didn't go well no no it was just a bad
experience I'm sorry I am too
we'll make up for it of course wait wait
guys go that was ginamarie answering
your questions if you want more
questions answering leaving down in the
comments how did you feel about this I
loved it yeah it was bad just thought
your own youtube channel
huh also really quick reminder to please
go check out the movie st. Vincent you
know I don't talk about stuff that I
don't like
I never promote anything and I really
really genuinely love this movie so it's
starting Bill Murray Melissa McCarthy
and it's great it is out October 24th
and I'll put the trailer at the end of
this video so check it out and I will
see you guys
Morrow Amen hallelujah how are you yeah
oh yeah the Queen she never stops leg
yeah why not yeah I'd you guys see later
I can watch the kid after school I can
do $11 now let's go use a dime for your
mom house women and I'm all right yeah
cost more net call collect
