hey what's up you guys so today I wanted
to talk about some stuff just be really
honest with you guys so as you guys have
noticed my videos have changed a lot in
the last like six months and there's a
lot of reasons for that but first I want
to go back a little bit so I started
YouTube back in 2008 what's cracking
youtubers and it was the best time of my
life tomorrow I got a special episode
planned Shane gets his eyebrows threaded
see that nastiness it's gonna be gone
tomorrow I had a place to be creative
and do whatever I wanted and not have
anybody tell me that I wasn't good
enough you love me right snoop I could
play characters and put on wigs and make
sketches with my friends and family you
look like you brush your teeth with cat
shit
okay bye grandma love you pussy and I
was doing that for years hi excuse me
miss can you tell me where Santa Clauses
so I can have a picture taken with my
daughter oh if he asks you to pull his
finger don't do it you'll pull you'll
think of grab yo arm rip it out your
socket wrap up behind you later fuck yo
face next I even started doing music
videos and parodies and then around 2013
I slipped into a pretty intense
depression let's keep it real guys in
about ten years when a thirty-five
probably won't be doing YouTube if I was
doing YouTube it would probably be
creepy I just kind of lost inspiration
my youtube channel wasn't like a fun
place for me anymore
it wasn't like inspired and I was kind
of embarrassed when I would tell people
oh I'm a youtuber and they would go to
my youtube channel I wasn't doing
sketches anymore and I wasn't doing big
music videos I was in my kitchen
and I was eating pizza and I was making
crazy faces and I was trying girl
products and like I don't know not that
there's anything wrong with that I did
have a lot of fun making them fuck oh my
god
but meeting people and having them go to
my YouTube channel and seeing those
thumbnails of me like it started good
and I'm almost 30 and I was feeling very
like defeated and it's not that I didn't
want to make cooler crazier videos it's
that I just literally wasn't inspired I
just didn't care like I was too busy to
care I just wanted to make five videos a
week and keep putting them
and the passion was just kind of like
going away and that was really scary
side note I'm not saying I wasn't happy
I have had the best like two years of my
life meaning Ryland getting you know and
cheedo in this house and like all of
that has been incredible but creatively
I've definitely been feeling a little
bit like stuck and then I met my
cameraman about six months ago
I needed some more help with editing my
videos and Garrett told me about his
friend who was a great editor and I
tried him out and he took this video of
me like making my cat a movie theatre
and made it something so much bigger
just from editing these little girls
look so bored she's like bitch I'm
trying to watch cáñamo John what a story
times she fucks me with a toothbrush and
I was blown away and I was like oh my
god like you're fucking amazing and I
want to make cooler stuff so that you
can edit it and I did over the next
month I started filming crazier videos
and giving him more and more footage and
he would edit bigger and bigger and
bigger and I was starting to feel myself
get me inspired again and seeing him so
excited about editing made me remember
how much I loved editing and I love
making videos I love it why the fuck am
I just sitting in my kitchen eating
pizza like this is not what I want to do
and then that's when I did my dad series
and I did the whole thing myself and I
edited it myself and I am so so proud of
it and when I put it up I had that
feeling again that feeling of like oh my
god I can't wait for people to see this
I can't wait to read the comments I
can't wait to upload this and I had not
had that feeling since like 2012 so
since then we have been working really
close together me Garrett and the
cameraman and we've just been having so
much fun making bigger you know two and
three parter series things that I never
thought I would do on my channel or that
you guys would ever want to watch and he
added some of them and I had
and we just created this like team I've
never and that's why I wanted to do this
video today because I know a lot of you
guys were like oh who's the cameraman we
want to see the cameraman and I didn't
want to just do a video showing him to
you I wanted to do a video dedicated to
him so he is on his way but before we
get to that Garrett just hit a million
subscribers and I'm so proud of him so
of course I have to do some dumb
surprise and embarrass myself in the
process right now do you feel like I'm
gonna kill you Joe dress yeah that'd be
nice wish for a million more oops I blew
it out no let me use my magic ready
Philippe Philippe retardant are they oh
my god oh my god here you're ruining it
for everyone else do you live here too
whatever three well it's magical but
thank you for the sugar a martini
matowski
that means I love you
so you're probably wondering what
today's videos more than I thought Oh
could we go a Harry Potter lid if you do
that I'll actually piss all over my face
sorry I don't know I just get excited um
fuck no oh we're gonna be doing
something that I have been wanting to do
for a while and I know a lot of the
comments have been requesting Sarah
frosting yes we are going to be exposing
I'm sure you've seen the tweets you've
seen the screenshots you seen the
conspiracies who's behind the camera
who's doing it is it superwoman come on
now we have not talked about this
cameraman but I feel like you should say
yes he's literally in that Bay you sure
well should we do the reveal where I do
all my reveals oh in the mirror that
you're going at all costs yes oh my god
wait that nervous for you okay all right
one andrew is not just the biggest
sweetie in the world but a fellow
redheaded so I feel at home you're ready
thank you oh it's it's it's new I can't
I don't know
Romo your Instagram I know what he needs
oh I have never initiation a midnight
seat so this is clean-ish okay cameraman
come on up I mean Andrew he has a name
now
Oh my boyfriend did you roll up the
sleeves little sorry no here's what I
think we should do because now that
you're dressed like me and you're on
camera like me right
you need to eat like me okay so this is
not a brand deal but I'm really excited
because I heard Taco Bell much fries not
sponsored which it was I think what we
should do is get in the car
have an adventure go get some fries and
easy yes are you building
yeah I'm not confident with you as the
cameras should um okay so I was thinking
to get to know you a little bit better
we should do a Q&A oh it's so internet
like me always feeling Gareth and GERD
filling me with this is weird it's like
well it's a Garrett thing I cared thing
Shan Shan it's like he's here except you
smell like you shout hey Shan first
question comes from rickey dillion fun
how weird and strange was it to film all
this crazy stuff for Shane fun I don't
ever really even think about it be weird
never know I don't think there's ever
been that anything we've done where I
was like this is weird so I guess the
challenge is to make it really weird for
you to woo the challenges to make it so
weird that he quit huh
now that sounds interesting a lot of
people are asking are you single
yeah so are you looking I guess so
I'm I feel like I'm pretty busy but at
the same time I would never say that I'm
not give me like three celebrity crushes
there's an actress with a name Chloe
Bennet whoo I saw her actually the flea
market it was really weird the flea
market all Garrett is Garrett suggests
no you can't say it don't don't do it in
juice no I get no answer just this once
you can say okay you're pretty gay Tessa
broke I think there is something that's
kind of attractive she's 18
we hope she's deeply yeah who else
there's like one youtuber that I always
kind of passively talking cared about
that I feel
probably like crush status that's what
the question was can i I'm sorry kinda
out for a moment passively Andrew I mean
I don't know
it's his like dream girl yeah I mean I
mean yeah
is that weird is that gonna make it
around I don't know is that weird
because what if you see her in real life
I interesting she's cool I don't like
oh my god oh my god bleeding no you're
good here I'll do it unroll the window
oh my god oh my god I see the picture hi
can we get three nacho fries one of the
nacho fries supreme one Crunchwrap
supreme a large Diet Coke
what do you guys want a shredded chicken
burrito and let's make that two
Crunchwrap Supremes and an orange cream
pop I'm at that I'll stop alright dude
oh my god we what do we do we all drive
at the same time we get first we try it
without the devil try it without the
dick just as they are I'm just realizing
that I'm purposefully hiding myself
because I'm so used to try and hide away
no you're a part of this Cheers
okay the dip changes the game it really
does well similar to the way that you
changed the game for my channel but dip
changes the game for the fries if you're
the nacho cheese Andrew oh my god you're
not your cheese for big fries
alright sorry I'm gonna get the camera
in just a second should we go through
and say we have receipts talking while
we're going through Taco Bell and fixing
what they messed up you like a
father/son moment
it's good we like crunch wraps in this
no it's great it's great this is so I
have a genuine question that I'm very
curious so you added a lot of me have
you noticed any like weird things that I
do you know you an ironic me do that
tongue pop thing like you're not joke
not you know you do you did it all the
time in the video of me confronting my
dad it's like I don't want a
relationship yeah it's like it's before
you start saying something you're just
like the shirt and chicken burrito
though we paid for already started
chicken burrito cuz you guys forgot it
and then I wanted to yeah and then I
wanted to add a Crunchwrap supreme ok so
we're back home and garetty so the girl
that andrew has a crush on his name is
making petunia back by popular demand me
delete your channel she's a youtuber and
a dancer and really great
and I actually met her years ago we did
some video together like back in 2011 so
I thought it might be fun to set them up
on a blind date I mean I feel like it's
only fair right like we're initiating
Andrew into the squad so obviously I
have to surprise him that's what I do
okay so here's my plan
I'm gonna go back out there and pretend
like we're gonna finish the video later
tonight but in reality what no the only
thing I want to cook fries on my bus
well I kind of did I'm sorry it's out I
know okay wait you didn't know us
filming that felt real no yeah I felt
completely what are you doing survivor
in the car when Andrew brought up his
crush I'll be - what is this mashed
potatoes what is this I think it is it's
a little bit you know everyone has
crushes on social media or like
celebrity crushes right and sometimes
with celebrity crushes it's like a super
sexual thing or like a oh if that could
be with them it's not that with Andrew
it's the weirdest like not weird but
like it's the sweetest thing like he
sees her and his heart just breaks like
he can't Iseman kinda love this is weird
but like he once looked at a photo of
her oh but he like looked at a photo of
her and said like fuck any guy that like
would ever date this girl and not just
like want to marry her right away
his heart just like it's so just like ah
it's not like a silly infatuation it's
like so sweet when he talks about it and
the thing is I did not know it was this
deep and serious it is not I feel really
weird I know it is but the other thing
is like I can see it Andrews a good guy
like if I was a girl and put a ring
you want to fuck him now and you're a
boy so when we were in the car on the
way home from Taco Bell
I might have DM mega Mattoon and she
might be coming over tonight for a play
oh no no I need a night I'm gonna find a
knife to your throat I cannot do this
no no dude he's literally going to die
you can't do this you can't do this week
it's too late she's already covered oh
my sorry
oh my god so an ID I'm turned like I
told her I'm like listen it's for a
video but it's for real life and he
really need somebody that loves him at
Camden she was like oh my god I'm
looking for something genuine so she
wasn't just like Oh for a video hub so
later tonight she's coming help me oh
are you kidding me
oh good we could somebody I'm gonna
bring someone stupid shit okay all right
well tonight we'll hang out if we have a
marriage oh my god
I'm so excited because tonight is the
big night I am setting up my camera man
Andrew dream girl right now women assume
does not exist in Los Angeles violin
whoa whoa
