has to be guys yeah today I am going to
ruin my self-esteem because I'm going to
let you guys Photoshop me into whatever
you want now you've got the bit
photoshopping me for years
more recently you've been doing a lot of
photoshopping to make me look like a pig
which keeping it real already a pig
hashtag no filter and inside nails
there's nothing to do with this video
filming right now but I thought
something in the store and I'm really
excited about it
ladies and gentlemen welcome Pig Queen
brand I have never felt like myself more
hey was that the idea Lupita profile
that jewel is she oh my god on Twitter
sniffing for drama like ah yes I saw
this I got really excited about it and I
think I'm going to take it to a plastic
surgeon tomorrow and just say make it
happen every time I squeal a beauty guru
quake alright let's get to the motor
traffic okay so here's what I did I took
a bunch of pictures holding a plain
white sign I did different poses fucking
crane I even took one with Rylan and I
just one with the animals and then I
took some of just Ryland alone so then I
want to Twitter and I said hey guys do
whatever you want
so without further ado watch me like you
guys drag me till I die
right alright here's the first one
the buzzword about this one is if you do
man and look at his face he's like yeah
bitch I'm doing it
oh my hold on this one's a double so it
starts with name a more iconic zero oh
and the next one is that one fucking to
retweet oh my god oh my god I'm into his
face is like Nick now three minutes it's
all a need Wow okay this one is like art
Wow if you zoom in and just keep zooming
I get smaller which is good Oh God that
is everything it doesn't become like
something people actually send each
other then I'm disappointed in the world
oh my god I would like that printed
please and Tom and I wall I'm more proud
of that award than I end with my Teen
Choice Awards at least my small penis
isn't rigged oh my god Ricky Dillon made
some that is good I can see people using
that one oh my god that was good - Ricky
why are you so good at kriti me also
used to be a full body shot of your pig
I need to take two plastic surgeon with
me are you from China because I'm China
fuck haha is that racin well I don't
know
alright this president of you I'm just
really gay but something an apology or
just like I'm sorry I'm just really gay
I used to be an obese teen lol what is
that oh I hate this I kind of want to
see them fuck though Shang is actually a
middle-aged woman conspiracy theory hey
was it you guys
yes welcome back to another conspiracy
theory video and today we're going to be
talking about whether or not Shane
Dawson is actually
now as you can see from some of these
pictures this does not look like a man
and if you zoom in you can kind of see
big hanging boots now he also never
showed anything from the waist down
which makes you think is he hiding a
vagina or is he hiding
pig legs and a curly tail either way I
think we can all agree that he is
Illuminati a man I'll go home hiding the
fact that we just did anal anyway how
about hiding it is the time covering all
the blood I meant to swipe left that
actually is everything
if you ever accidentally swipe right
please send that okay wait this one has
no one sheet of sign something when you
just flip it over sign here to plan your
owner's death
congratulations it's a burrito that my
stomach because I think I helped ran a
nail in there call animal protection no
one wants to sponsor me but that's okay
period
okay guys Riley's home do you want to
see what we got Photoshop yeah okay
let's check your at replies all right
Shane looks cheated us out of my app it
scared me
what I would insinuate that I was
shoving Chios at my abs goal oh my god
can we try no absolutely not
Shane agreed to let me talk at the next
video gets the three million life
here to die three million licensed my
god Shane just go show her
honestly we got to a fight yesterday
because I went to kick you and then you
said can I tell you something I said
yeah dollars gonna be like LMU's but no
what it marry you
you're gonna go medical pressure but I
was being brutally honest is someone's
breasts dicks they need to fix it you
want to lick your fucking mouth
you presidency oh my god that was good
there are you this person scientists and
health
they put offense and immediately see but
that's unrealistic because in jail you
can't kill yourself there's no news I've
been wow just plotting cheater with a
mask I'm assuming granny tell you he
loves me you know what's crazy is like
one day these animals are gonna kill me
and then we're going to look back at
these video and be like oh man demon
coming there will be Cheetos - dumb oh
my god nothing so far just a BuzzFeed
and it's like Andres face on my guys I
haven't heard we talked about this
before he looks just like the guy for
pleasantries from Missha worth it
literally they forgot his face on your
body that literally I'm literally
stalking the guys like when I get
tougher edge oh my god and then after we
fought I could be like was it worth it
don't answer responding that's a really
good place in what was your favorite I
like the one talking about if we were
top to bottom
can you do me one you traitor what blank
just please put on the technology oh my
god that actually just looks like you
you can't have a pig nose
I mean that is big but you have the
nostrils are similar I'm gonna track it
to myself
momily very wise ago that was me letting
you guys dragged me by my pigtail feel
free to keep on making them and tweeting
them to me with hashtag extreme paper
maybe I'll do a part two of this video
if I'm still alive
alright you guys did you want to see a
part 2 of this video we made some lip
smell for make sure to subscribe my
channel and the notifications bell
because I make new videos every day and
I will see you little piggy tomorrow
what that one was too real okay
Oh
