welcome to bunk amor we talked about the
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
hey he's really a versus sooth dog booty
versus weed it was going down like a
quality twerk can't work be singular now
I wasn't able to follow this epic battle
ever since the start because I was a
little bit busy trying to avoid being
peer pressured into purchasing PSLs but
from what I have gathered thanks to
today's sponsor the internet soup dog
posted an Instagram photo throwing some
ray-ban level shade over at Iggy Azalea
and she was not happy instagram has just
been starting fights ever since the
invention of face tuned like when you
see a picture of your friend with tons
of likes and you're like oh they don't
look like that and then you raise your
hand like I call foul and then they're
like you want to go so after much back
and forth between Iggy and mr. snoop on
different social media platforms Snoop
Dogg ended up apologizing and Iggy
Azalea accepted that apology I'm sure
moody first it's that a big believe so I
have technology progresses I have always
had this very deep-seated fear that one
day it will become sentient and a we as
human beings will all become mindless
slaves incapable of functioning on our
own good stuff oddly enough I was never
scared of the dark growl by my
completely unprofessional calculations
and by calculations I mean guess that
day may be coming but today is not that
day they is the day I realized that iOS
8 can do pretty much exactly what a
highly overpaid team of writers did for
Nicki Minaj's anaconda it can write a
song fact I can get it right away with
best of the year in the best of the year
in the other hand is the only thing that
would have to go back i could 100% see
this being the anthem for an indie movie
about fighting yourself within a sea of
people all doing the different things
that the things do didn't even need I Oh
essay to write that ow person a credibly
jealous of this girl's arm muscles
however a you acknowledge that I am
completely unwilling to do the work it
takes to get arm muscles like her
speaking of sentient machines this girl
dances like a robot but I'm pretty sure
she's human
overall I was just in awe I know
absolutely nothing about dancing other
than sometimes I look at dancing and my
brains like that's good and my brain
thinks those words when watching her
dance that exceeds my knowledge of the
art this week on YouTube I learned the
ever so ancient art of lazy last minute
Halloween costumes from multiple
youtubers easiest and quickest Leslie
costume so you can pull straight ahead
and love it I'm thinking that's a ghost
to a ceiling fan so I thought I would
show you a few of my own Halloween
costume hey guys and Satsuma a charm
here and today I'm gonna be teaching you
how to Halloween - the first thing
you're going to want to do for your and
easy Halloween costume is get a roll of
toilet paper and just and just wrap it
and you're just gonna want to do that
for like a lot of a lot of your body
take the little flecks at the end and
sprinkle them in your hair like little
fun pieces of confetti if they fall out
cry and then you're gonna want to take
this cord or a piece of roll here and go
like that and then look to do your a
pirate I am so happy with how this
costume came out I don't know if I've
ever made a better one
actually so happy Halloween thank you
for watching this episode of bomb.com
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode make sure to give it
any enormous thumbs up and head on over
to youtube.com slash Alexis G's all to
check out my latest video where I did
something also related to Halloween
while you're over there feel free to
click that subscribe button from open
the things portion of the day out of the
Halloween costumes that you have warmed
what is your personal favorite
