give me your dick sounds kind of gay I
disagree
oh my god oh my god
this shirt these lotions that leper tell
it can only mean one thing
never you have me out what the never
posted it are you out
yep I was with Shauna and I waited to
you for you to post it and pause it and
you never can help community so sorry
well we're here now I am as you guys
know because I've talked about her a lot
this month actually I'm I'm obsessed
with Trisha peipus what the she's
running away cause she's terrified of me
no I'm so excited cuz I feel like hey
you in shame oh my god old school it's
like if you are in luck cause you're
hanging wish are you bored as fuck cuz
you're in luck is they intercept I
thought so we are gonna make some videos
today I'm very very excited this sounds
really i watch all of her videos it's
really creepy she's one of the youtubers
one of the only youtubers I actually
watch every single video shows every
single day she posts them around 1:00
a.m. I stay up and to watch them what do
you post them so late I close them early
like I get up that time like that I put
some I get up that's unhealthy I'm like
a shirt her teeth do come true they do
could you suck in that hallway like a
rink as you look what this wrinkled
shirt look like when you're like 80 so
um okay so show me around we'll do it
like quick very um there's a pole that I
know there's me who did this me you did
that yourself when I was like 14 I
wanted to look like that so bad that's
cute yeah but people who send me the
other stuff people sent me but oh my god
did you do this no some Sweden wait what
someone sent it to me from Sweden is my
first fan are ever
I am I just get blood and pubic hair and
you get beautiful shit oh thank you for
these beautiful that's all from fans
i'll they sent me Hello Kitty's the
boxing yeah more are ok guys leave a
comment I didn't say I hated it tell me
doesn't it look just like Shana
like that is Shana that's you that's
that Shana
like a vagina the same person at this
point you have all your books
oh yes retirees Timmy's history of my
own scent your hair is white that's an
interesting choice so what this picture
is basically and we're to talk to cookie
for you because I love food so here's
the thing so the reason that we're
friends the reason I'm here right now is
because we both have a sick sick sick of
session with food really sick like
really like unhealthy that's my bad I
walk you in and not only did I see candy
when I first walked in but I smelled
something I ran toward the fridge like I
smell I smell I smell it
she has oh wait they're in the car Kohi
with it
she had a whole box a fucking oh my god
oh we get depressed about lanthanum and
then literally I was like you know
sometimes I watch Cupcake Wars and I'm
so fucking sure knowledge like jacked
off to it which is obviously Jo and she
was like you do you believed in you get
excited about food chain excited you're
really excite we just went to Lucille's
which is like a barbecue place a nights
I cook ate so much more than yo he's
like oh and she's a stripper pole doing
on it alright okay I'm scared
Oh perfect
that's hot Oh oh my god open your legs
you got to open them wide like a
spread-eagle like that and then I spin
ya good bicycle oh good
Oh see I can do that kind of stuff it's
actually really good like you should oh
oh that was good enough is it
I'm so much tougher but whatever much mm
Oh mm oh but no blah blah blah blah blah
well whoa whoa oh
and then the one where you can go down
further down the pole where it's
literally like wait what
all the way down that's like matrix
that's you're giving bird all right here
we are we're about to do our big haul
video I'm so excited I'm so excited be
able to your videos that we need a whole
video a candy oh man wait what's my
beauty name we got to come up with um
fat bitch 69 are like chicken and
veggies 88 as you love to get in this
chicken and veggies 88 okay Guinea
that's like super skinny but then my
second channel is meat puppet 6 you know
that's what the real shit goes down
alright we just finished our haul it was
intense so after my do you want oh oh
look at the aftermath is halt there's a
lot going on we fucked up literally look
at what Shane did to this pie
I don't fucked up that pie I mean I
don't got up in that pie don't fuck up
Jason Biggs has nothing on you
mmm I just fucked up that pie uh and we
have so much candy left that we didn't
even show we have so much food left and
we don't fuck it up even more
I'm gonna take my candy like when I'm
leaving and I'm be like bye and then I'm
gonna look literally the whole way home
to mom and then and then cut to you in
your apartment Oh eating your candy and
then we're gonna call each other be like
did you just eat your candy and you're
gonna be like yeah that's what we do we
support people here we are in a sport
group over candy eaters anonymous yeah
but we're not anonymous cuz we're doing
our video about it okay great boys own
up to it question of the day who is a
youtuber that you wish that you could go
to their house and eat candy with oh I
think who besides me would you want to
do this with I have Kenneth the Conor
it's like he really likes candy he
always takes people to Disneyland and
like buy them candy but I should say
that but I think of you you know what
let's let's talk about it why not we I
hadn't talked about this on my channel
let's talk about this blue Cunard drama
Oh Meg that's his name Connard it's
Connard it's good does it
Lauren Conrad wait it's Carly could you
long story short what what happened was
okay so there was two youtubers who like
raped girls were underage or something
and then and then the Luke Conard stuff
came out you guys already probably know
this but Luke Connor like is just a bad
boyfriend so a bunch of vlogs came out
about him being a bad boyfriend but they
looped him in with rapists and which I
don't think that should have happened
because
rapists he had sex with willing girls
who were just not good relationships
yeah I think if anything I just think
Luke canard Connard I always said was
canard I just think he's kind of a
douchey guy I don't and he's kidding
love like death threats right now I
don't know I just feel like it's not so
many death thoughts he's losing so many
subscribers like he hasn't tweeted
because people are like relentless on
Twitter telling females should die I'm
like he's a guy who had sex with girls
like up age like sorry that he like was
having sex with other girl that's what
you do when you're famous or whatever
you know to me same as he's slippity I'm
not even I don't I don't think any
youtuber is famous or a celebrity like
if me and Pauly Shore went to Denny's
you know who's gonna get stopped more
yeah Halle Shore
no I guarantee I have plenty of chances
hang out Pauly Shore and like Corey
Feldman and you know who I'd rather hang
out with the shame cuz he's a lot more
famous and but they're not relevant so I
have no interest and hearing anything
about their lives they're not working
they're like Corey Feldman just did a
music video you should review it he did
a music video called duh and he's like
everything is like he's Michael Jackson
he's like so I'm gonna do it duh I'm
gonna do it
that's like you know it's bad anyways
the point is it's like I would rather
listen to like I need a vacation than
like duh you know like I'd rather listen
to I'm sorry I'm a fuckup yet you know I
mean the best review I've ever heard I
mean not this theorem I'd rather hang
out Farrah Abraham let's be honest
anyways long story short I think Luke
Cunard I actually know him like have you
ferment oh oh I know him in real life
and he's a nice guy I I definitely think
he's just a bad boyfriend and I don't
I'm not mad at the girls writing this
blogs I think I'm happy that they stood
up for themselves and said what they
said but I just feel bad that the kids
are threatening his life anyways hope
you guys have fun digging with us we
have fun hanging with you and we will
see you hopefully soon hashtag trace
they don't even know about your Tricia
and shashlik train yes I change it to
get on blood get on board CRE annie tra
any poop see you guys later bye okay do
it do ya oh my god
hashtag no filter bitch that is exactly
what all of us youtubers look like with
no good lighting
