I'm just gonna go to Farrah Abraham's a
sex toy Twitter oh my god there's
pictures it's fun to watch your parents
licking you know what I'm actually just
going to we're gonna move on
hey heads up you guys yes I'm wearing a
lion king shirt deal with it speaking of
the past today I'm going to be looking
through my sad terrible past and
reacting to some of my Instagram
pictures that I've posted in the last 5
years I'm really nervous to do this
because every time I post an Instagram
picture I instantly regret it did she
call it insta regret gram so going back
and looking at them it's gonna be really
hard on me but you guys are here hold my
hand all right let's do this
Oh God ahh okay I have a lot of thoughts
first thought penis head second thought
pingas head
third thought Ellen DeGeneres called she
wants her everything back bitch okay
that's intense um I think I was crying I
think this is one of those moments where
like I was feeling emotional and I'm
like this would be so raw and real if I
just took a picture and posted it so
people know that I'm a human being
actually no I remember what that was I
had just watched Farrah Abraham sex tape
it really fucked me up more than she
fucked up that coke bottle if you didn't
watch her sex tape you don't know what
I'm talking about and don't watch it hey
it's me Lohan theny first of all I look
creepy maybe it's because he's really
young maybe it's cuz I'm really happy
but there's a lot of 7th heaven action
in this picture if you know what I'm
saying
oh my god hashtag no filter bitch that
is exactly what all of us youtubers look
like with no good lighting that's just
me on a Friday
you know just living I'm not gonna lie I
kind of look sexy I mean just the hair
the hips the fact that I'm standing in a
bathroom easy cleanup I'm feeling that
picture I'm gonna give her a call
oh my god oh my god I don't want to look
at it I can't stop looking at it
that is horrible first of all the amount
of grease that is in that hair girl if
you were smoking around me get the fuck
away because that could start up just an
entire force fire and what's even worse
is that little part just that little
part that makes it look like I'm wearing
a toupee I don't know
who thought that was a good idea Oh me
oh that was me and my brother standing
outside of Skrillex's dressing room at
some award show thing and we were
stalking him but I didn't know what he
looked like at the time because he was
kind of new so I was just like waiting
by the door waiting by the door and then
some a tiny little girl with half her
head shaved walked by and walked into
the door and I was like oh maybe that's
his assistant that's an interesting hair
choice it was him I didn't even know uh
okay let me explain this was from my
first photo shoot and by photo shoot I
mean me and some guy I met on MySpace
who was like hey want me to take
pictures of you by a train station and I
was like cool I'll bring my best it was
a big bad decision I had a homeless guy
walk by me and say Jim didn't know it
was Halloween already I really must be
crazy no sir you're not crazy it's not
Halloween and I should run into that
trade and kill myself
oh god there's more train events oh and
I'm holding a hat I'm holding a stupid
little hat I think I saw one panic at
the disco music video and I'm like
that's what I'll do
holy shit my hair was long oh my god oh
my god I don't know what's worse my
horrible hair or the get Onis of this
picture because if you look in the
background my bed has no sheet on it and
a body pillow with a zebra print cover
of it you can take the boy out of the
hood but you can't take the hood out of
the boy I think that speaks for itself
this was me forcing myself to believe
that although some people find hairy
arms sexy what do you think you clicked
off the video didn't you fuck no
actually that's really creepy because
that is not a real picture I think they
took a picture of me and a picture of
her put it together now who cares ah ha
ha yes bitch work bag no bitch no always
keeping it classy oh you don't want to
see these pictures they'll make you die
oh and that's a picture of me meeting a
fan who's way too young to be watching
me I'm ruining children everywhere Oh
God oh this is a good final picture to
leave this on that was me after I had my
surgery and those are my blood tubes why
I felt the need to take a picture of it
on Instagram
probably
as I was high on pain medication you're
welcome hey guys go that was me reacting
to my old pictures hahahaha let me know
now the comments what your favorite one
was mine was none of them I hated them
as you guys help you out funny with me
happening with you they they have a
fucking thumbs up and subscribe for
channel or ship kill you or will take an
unflattering picture of you and post it
on Instagram for you to regret for years
to come
alright you guys I love you and I'll see
you fight what is your text pick up line
what do you text somebody who you like
do you say hey how you doing
does that get the best never does that
so in my defense I did not go kill you
do it
