give me your dick
sounds kind of gay I disagree me we're
like super famous don't look at it
excuse me don't even and we're just like
I'm the girl from American Horror Story
like okay first of all okay I don't
really care about celebrities that much
but I do get excited when I see a
celebrity okay so I guess I do care that
much I saw the girl from American Horror
Story who I don't even know her fucking
name but I would kids did you I was like
she's here and you were like oh yeah and
I was a little bit she's here and then
you're like where's you know like over
there I knew exactly where she was
mm-hmm
you didn't really care sit down the next
season also with the better yeah I'm a
Robertson I know but a girls beer liquor
so what are you doing today doing my
thing is that your way of saying like
you don't wanna hang out so you're like
well I'm like busy like I like a lot
really on though you have so much going
on stone this store looks cool to you
this is what you like it looks like she
died in The Hunger Games
exactly I guess that is your thing that
is you it's sick so that is it throwing
up how sick is it is it sickening yeah
that like does it have Ebola though oh
my god I'm so tired wait what is Ebola
and do I have it I think it's like when
you bleed from every orifice oh my god I
have it though wait is when your poop
bleeds your poop your people your ears
your nose your eyeballs my mouth I mean
I'm making that up
but I
so okay well if you're bleeding go get
that check Gino amanda bynes his back
amanda bynes how's it going oh my god
Hey yeah it's bitch no she's bad by the
way what do you mean that she's crazy
again well she's here yeah she got
arrested she left her parents out she's
back on Twitter she dyed her hair again
she was caught in like a Denny's and
like 3:00 a.m. crying but on a plus side
I think Lindsay look in his back but in
a good way so well if I believe that all
right well you go in your store and
enjoy it with all your weird alien I
don't mean what the fuck is this shit
how much is that there's more like what
a hundred thousand dollars
all right well I'm gonna go pet my dog
okay you guys I need a bigger bowl is
that still the more okay first of all
bit okay you need to watch it bitch okay
this is definitely these five I think
it's the cooler okay it might be the
four and my wallet might be destroyed I
mean what kind of phone you oh you got
the six I mean what's the difference the
same phone how can you have the huge
phone we
dramatic I hear that so much though like
way too big and dramatic all right have
fun
Matt uh I got better at it
that was you getting worse
that's like you had a baby stroke oh no
oh wait shit okay that hurt sorry guys
guys I'm here with John and we're
hanging out yeah we don't Larry it's
only I I'm teaching her how to flirt
he's been doing some jacks estimated ie
put me through hell he's been putting me
through hell so here's the things DeSean
is enough what how to flirt and she
doesn't end that's not sure I know how
to flirt if I don't like the guy and
people in the comments sound you
understand exactly what I'm saying if
you're not invested you can totally
floor it so easy okay
we'll have an exercise so I'm working at
Subway look I could pass for that we're
eating fresh or eating fresh today yes
we have it um with anchor oil please all
right and you walk up and you don't like
me and I say hey so uh you want to put
long say all day oh oh okay so that's if
you don't like I'm charging second
resident uh-huh and I'm gonna see you
okay so now you do like me uh hey
welcome to Subway what would you like
yeah I don't I I don't want to give it I
don't want to give you the sandwich I
don't want to give you the footlong
that's fine i endu a six-inch okay
that's all I got I didn't get that man
yeah can we go - oh I am that into that
kind of stuff
no it's just hard for me it just gets
really as soon as I like you I'm like
tense and weird and I'm wondering what I
say is weird thing I wouldn't second
guess myself if I didn't if I liked the
person I mean if they were just like a
friend I wouldn't second guess what I'm
writing it's fine
like whatever well what do you guys
think about if a girl sends a guy emoji
do you think that that is insinuating
that she's interested especially I can't
I like the winky face one cuz I feel
like that's like Oh
I'm being funny and it's cute you really
love this one I do let it song picking
out which by the way to me that doesn't
mean that you like me to me that means I
don't know what that means whether it's
let me need help you keep doing it like
you have like a mental deficiency cuz
you're it I'm doing like like a I'm
being cute uh you know what I mean right
please tell me below I'm not crazy I'm
not only as woman who uses emojis to
flirt ok question of the day what is
your text pick-up line
what do you text somebody who you like
do you say hey how you doing
does that get the best never does that
so in my defense I did not go can you do
it I would respond to them even like I
had a stroke all right you guys hope you
have fun hanging with those be funny
with you I'm really excited I feel like
you're learning how to flirt we're
getting you there Oh God have mercy this
is the I mean I would just say if a guy
comes over I would just not have a
mannequin head with a wig on it I just
feel like that should make him feel
comfortable cuz you know I'm weird so
what that could be like sexually weird I
don't okay yeah I'll take away the
mannequin hey I'm with a dad who did it
out was in shootouts with a law but he
live in a palace bought me Alexander
McQueen he was keeping me stylish Oh
so you're dating a criminal great that's
something look up to
