I'm just gonna go to Farrah Abraham's a
sex toy Twitter oh my god there's
pictures it's fun to watch your parents
licking you know what I'm actually just
going to we're gonna move on you guys
wanted it so I'm gonna get it to you
that is my exact reaction every time I
hear this song in the radio which is
every three minutes but you guys wanted
me to talk about it so I'm going to I'm
going to read the lyrics to anaconda
which none of you guys know the rapping
and the song is so fast that if you even
try to listen to what she's saying
you'll have any aneurysm supernova
you're super beautiful yeah could you
hear what I just said
probably not so let's dissect this
anaconda Oh my anaconda don't my
anaconda don't my anaconda don't want
none unless you got buns hun my anaconda
is not picky I mean my anaconda just
looking for a bagel boy toy named Troy
used to live in Detroit yeah that makes
no sense
big dope dealer money he was getting
some coins so he was a really dope
homeless person people were giving them
coins I don't think I'm even enough for
this was in shootouts with Allah but he
live in a palace bought me Alexander
McQueen he was keeping me stylish
oh so you're dating a criminal great
that's something to look up to now
that's real real real gun in my purse
bitch I came dressed to kill oh so
you're a criminal that's even better
want to go first I had them pushing
daffodils I'm high as hell I only took
half a pill okay you went from being
criminal to being my mom I'm on some
dumb shit what a coincidence
cuz I'm listening to some by the way
what'd he say oh he can tell I ain't
missing no meals oh he must notice all
the ranch dressing stains on your pants
I got a lot of those on my pants it's
not what that is come through and fuck
him in my automobile I also have a lot
of ranch dressing stains in my
automobile
let him eat it with his grills oh so
what she's saying is he can eat out her
vagina while he has his diamond grills
in his mouth listen that's not gonna
work out too well I know from experience
not because I own a grill or because I
pussy with it
but because back when I used to have
braces I would try to eat out the inside
of my arm because if you fold it
together like this it makes a vagina and
I got a lot of cuts but I got really
good at it too bad I haven't been able
to use that experience on anything but
my arm this dude named Michael used to
ride motorcycles what happened why he
used to did he die motorcycles are
dangerous dick bigger than a tower I
ain't talking about Eiffel I don't quite
understand that do girls want a penis
that big that would be like if a guy was
like yo man she got a pussy like a
crater are you talking about Grand
Canyon real country-ass mmm let me play
with his rifle pussy put his ass to
sleep now he calling me nyquil oh he let
you play with his rifle guess he left
his safety on damn I let him hit it cuz
he slang cocaine he tossed my salad like
his name romaine this song is really fun
cuz it like rhymes but when you really
think about what it means it's kind of
fucking gross let me translate we do a
lot of drugs and he eats my asshole
that's what she's saying you're welcome
and then it goes into my butt my butt my
butt look at my butt my anaconda don't
my anaconda don't look at my fat ass and
then she laughs for about like 35
seconds and then she says yeah he loves
this fat ass yeah this one from my
bitches with a fat ass in the fucking
club I say where my fat ass bitches at
in the club the Sun would be so much
better if she was singing about
chick-fil-a fuck those skinny bitches in
the club I want to see all the big fat
bitches in the motherfucking club fuck
you skinny bitches what yeah once again
way funnier in a chick-fil-a excuse me
is Nicki Minaj gonna get a crispy
chicken sandwich bitch
of course Nicki how would you like your
meat well-done
would you like a soda diet or regular
diet please on a regular what am i fat
bitches at my fat bitches in the club
fuck them skinny bitches getting their
diet cokes get a regular bitch actually
that wouldn't be funny I'll be really
annoying and chick-fil-a is already
annoying enough got that big creepy dude
in the cow costume touching the kids you
got that lady who never comes out of the
bathroom cause she ate five packets of
Polynesian sauce per fry that place is
the worst
belly and the whole hating gays thing
yeah that's big
- anyways back on topic there we go that
was me talking about anaconda I'm gonna
give this song four out of five buns I
think it's a fun song
I mean it's catchy it's stupid but I
guess that's the point listen any song
where the artist feels like they should
laugh for the last two minutes because
you bought the shitty song I respect
that I know you didn't spend $2 on this
damn song hahahaha don't bitch all right
you guys hope you have fun hang with me
I funding with you question of the day
what song should I talk about next let
me know down the comments also please
make sure to give me a thumbs up
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every fucking day and I will see
you tomorrow bye and then the revelation
comes at the two-headed girl kills her
mom because her mom wouldn't let them go
to the movies which is literally every
tweet I see nowadays on Twitter
oh my mom won't take me to the movies
I'm gonna fucking kill that bitch except
this to hit a bitch actually did it so
slow clap
