give me your dick sounds kind of gay
I disagree hey what's up you guys okay
today we're gonna be talking about
American Horror Story freak show why did
I say it like that I don't know first of
all it's not helping the gay rumors that
the first thing I thought about when I
read the title was Britney Spears song
freak show what freak show that dance
also didn't help the rumors either let's
move on so American Horror Story freak
show was all over Twitter last night you
guys were like holy shit I love this
Shane please talk about it so I watched
it and I'm going to talk about it okay
I'll start from the beginning if you
don't know what the show is it's
basically a really creepy show and this
is like the third season I think or
fourth season I don't know it's always
the same people in the show except for
sometimes they're monsters and sometimes
they're just Gabourey Sidibe so it's
really scary so the show opens with Abby
and Brittany all grown up and they're in
their hospital room I was really mean
I'm sorry but it does look like Abby and
Brittany like a lot oh my god why do you
think it having Brittany to play that
character they should have honestly got
having Brittany to play the character
because honestly the special effects on
the two heads kind of looks like my
videos from like 2010 but I'm not hating
no shade I love the show let's get to
you so we got the two-handed bitch she's
laying in the bed and she's sad about
something and then in walks watch her
face the old lady who always has a
different accent
Jessica Lange Jessica Lange she walks in
and she's like oh hello or that was the
accent I don't know exactly what it is I
think it's German it might also be
French it could just be her voice and I
completely offended her now so I'm sorry
so she walks in and she's like oh you
girls need me mmm and they were like not
really yeah I think we're good and she
was like oh you killed somebody bitch
come with me
and then the revelation comes at the
two-headed girl kills her mom because
her mom wouldn't let them go to the
movies which is literally every tweet I
see nowadays on Twitter
oh my mom won't take me to the movies
I'm gonna fucking kill that bitch except
this to hit a bitch actually
did it so slow clap and then it cuts to
this dude and girl and they're like dry
humping in the wilderness and they're
about to have sex I think and then she
pulls out a box of matches and she's
like I'm gonna put these on your deck
they're supposed to condoms but as the
box matches it's very confusing and then
he was like no girl you know why you
keep that magic deal so okay
I'm gonna get a real condom so he went
out to the car and then a clown came up
and killed him and then it killed her or
no it didn't kill her I don't I'm still
thinking about the matches on the penis
so then we see Emma Roberts boyfriend
who looks a little emotionally scarred
most likely cause he's Emma Roberts
boyfriend and then he reveals that he's
mr. Krabs for spongebob but instead of
having witty banter with Squidward and
making Krabby Patties and spongebob he
fingers a shit out of a girl o'clock you
can't do that on Nickelodeon uh I wish
she could though I would finger the shit
out of icarly with a claw pressure to
kept that to myself so then the
two-headed girl joins the Freak Show
which is full of people with actual
disorders which is a little confusing to
me because like the kid with a claw
obviously that's just a glove he can
just take off after they've done filming
but just like he like take his cloth and
go oh thank god right in front of the
guy with the tiny arms who can't do that
it's all just a little uncomfortable
that being said I am glad that they cast
real people with real disorders because
it it is interesting and it is nice you
know that they're giving them roles I'm
also just it's all low confusing
I feel sad sometimes cuz I feel bad for
the person because they're like there's
a girl who's this big I feel bad for her
then I'm like no I shouldn't feel bad
for her she's on a TV show they good for
her but then I'm like well once the
show's over people are gonna be like oh
you're the freak from freak show and
then that's sad I just want them all to
be happy let's move on so then they had
an actual freak show and I don't quite
understand what it was it was a woman
with a beard and then it was the guy
with little arms and then it cut to the
old lady singing some song that kind of
sounded like a Ke$ha song and then after
the show the one guy in the audience is
like I want to buy the two-headed girl
and then the old lady goes yeah once
again that was similar to the accent she
was doing and then the old lady took her
legs off I think that's how it ended oh
wait wait but then the clown kidnapped a
kid who I don't know who he was and a
girl and then he was making balloon
animals but sucking at
and then he was sad that he was bad at
making the blooming animals so he would
just like throw things at the kids and
threatened to kill them which is exactly
what happens in real life if you've ever
been on the Santa Monica Pier and you
see one of those crazy-ass motherfuckers
who's making a balloon animal and they
don't know what the fuck they're doing
they get mad about it especially you
don't tip them oh and then it forgot
they all kill some guy and then they
start hacking him up with meat cleavers
I mean quite understand that and then
they had the thing that was like this
season on American Horror Story and then
it was a black lady with three boobs
Emma Roberts looking sad and then they
played the theme song again which
honestly sounds a lot like the Wizards
of Waverly Place thing song think about
it ding ling ding ding ding ding ding
ding everything is not what it seems to
do doot doot doot doot doot hands
same thing oh and oh I enjoyed the show
I liked it I thought it was fun I really
liked the old lady uh yes her name is
Jessica Lange she is amazing even with
whatever-the-fuck accent she's doing
just amazing everybody on the shows
really good I like the do two fingers
girls with this crab claw I love the guy
was little arms I'm missing Gabourey
Sidibe although maybe they were like ooh
she might be offended if we're like hey
girl wanna be on her new show it's
called freak show yeah yeah be right
with a cut bitch all in all I'm gonna
give this show I don't know eight out of
ten heads let me know in the comments
did you guys watch show would you think
let me know and yeah what other show
should I be watching I don't really
watch that much TV in the last forever
so let me know maybe I'll check it out
all right you guys be funny with me have
fun hey with you and I'll see tomorrow
free Oh freak Oh what not helping the
rumors by women or men who like men may
dream of groups of male models doing
various things taking a dip at the pool
surfing working out at the gym but I
doubt any of them dreamt this big
