welcome to bomb calm or we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet amanda bynes
chanel said just kidding enough cannot
be said because amanda has done another
thing I suppose in Amanda's mind she was
up in the club when in actuality she was
in the middle of a store being searched
by a security guard and she just turns
grinding and gently twerking on him like
an Amish girl during Rumspringa are you
thinking what I'm thinking
amanda Bynes needs to be on Dancing with
the Stars crap she is relevant some
people thrive on the company of others
personally I think sometimes it's good
to be surrounded by people and sometimes
it's better to just be alone with your
thoughts and reflect on your life like a
mirror that doesn't always tell you the
truth in this case we as the general
public have been led to believe that
when this specific piano track begins to
play we will hear the melodic lyrics
depicting a man who just wants the
company of a singular other I used a lot
of big words won't you
but just like with adorable kittens who
hurt you looks can be deceiving my
favorite part about this video is the
fact that the guy is singing while
wearing a sleeveless vest and you can
tell that he's a big muscular guy and he
could definitely just like punch the
daylights out of the dude to make him
leave his house but he's choosing to
take a poetic and artistic approach and
sing his woes his little children
everywhere will soon be clamoring for a
new toy made by a man with insanity or
perhaps the glow of genius in his eyes
armed with nothing more than a toy I
have absolutely no doubt in my mind that
this man could physically harm you
severely why do I think this he just
looks like he knows what he's doing and
it's very freaky
some veteran is supercool and may not
outright change the entire course of
human history you know what I'm gonna
just back that up and say that this
invention is going to change the world
everything is different from now on
after watching women scare men who like
men may dream of groups of male models
doing various things taking a dip at the
pool
surfing working out at the gym but I
doubt any of them dreamt this big
Oh
oh it's just so beautiful watching this
beautiful episode of bomb comple we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this episode
make sure to give it a thumbs up and
head on over to youtube.com slash Alexis
she's all check out my latest video
which has to do with me driving a motor
vehicle which is crazy because I am very
small question of the day what are your
thoughts on the whole amanda Bynes
situation I honestly just feel kind of
bad for her she's obviously struggling
and it's happening in front of a lot of
people so make sure to leave your
thoughts in the comments you'll figure
it out Zelda
