hey if you guys okay really quick before
this video starts I just want to remind
you that tonight at 7 o'clock California
time so that's 10 o'clock New York time
I'm going to be doing a live show where
I'm going to be watching not cool with
you so get all your friends together
let's all sit down watch the movie if
you don't have it get it on iTunes or
Amazon or Google Play I'll put all the
links down there to the live show and to
the Amazon and iTunes and stuff um so
yes let's have a party tonight so make
sure you're watching the movie with me
and I will see you tonight
okay and we are gonna do never have ever
you never know this before going to a
party
never got a video party who stuff
well not like I got a Barbie like I
think like I'm like a game night party
naked twister well not everyone what
we're gonna do is we're gonna have all
10 things up on my channel I'm gonna do
it you're cheering good
there ya go never have I ever gotten it
up the butt before now if you have
gotten up the butt which I'm assuming
you have the kind of okay so whoever
loses all their fingers wins or loses
depending on how you work ready this
could be a long game oh we might lose
pretty okay okay never have I ever
masturbated in the shower no wait it's
things I have haven't done I've done
that never have I ever fallen asleep
while masturbating if I I have if I
haven't done that I keep my fingers up
right I don't know I think yeah keep
your fingers up if you have nothing
never have I ever pooped my pants
when I was baby probably it's hard to
bend on your pinky but yeah I probably
ya know what that I'm gonna shit your
pants II didn't right house kid hey so
we're starting easy yeah yeah
now we're gonna get broken it okay we're
gonna get close okay never have I ever
had a penis hit my heart no like dude
you've had a pee-pee hit your I know
that's one my fingers are up I really
hate you
if it hasn't happened tonight don't find
out a finger it happen I'm not I don't
believe you but okay never have I ever
thought about a youtuber in a sexual way
what oh that's P I don't trust you Boop
names all about you Oh
we have oh gosh Arthur's old judging
your oh hey look young like 10 as long
as our legal I'm joking I feel to
judgment right now I went through the
screen I'm joking I was literally my
masturbating guys there are some hotties
everyone if you were playing along by
down a finger to that question I don't
see people in a sexual way I see those
friends never have I ever peed in public
I was in the toy section of this like
store when I was like six the next to go
the bathroom it's like squatted in my
pee on the aisle my mom was like oh hey
child's what we were saying is it was
target it was last week
sure charger never have I ever want a
phone and we're thong you wear thongs
yes what I thought you were diapers I
love you I'm in second like full like
diapers with like a log on it and then
likes chastity belt
yeah like one of those and then
literally like a like a middle finger on
fuck you don't fuck me but like fuck you
but you know today I don't have one of
those he keep going
this game's not going well you're losing
oh well that's the point
never have I ever never have I ever let
an animal lick my brother no let's move
on shame shame cuz you're telling the
truth shamed it is time to true the bad
name
I don't want to talk about never have I
ever comment parents having sex
oh I'm not gonna let my mom watch this
video Oh were you camping I feel like
parents do sex
what happened I'm not going to tell you
parent story never have I ever bought a
sex toy
oh it's fine if you're if you're mean if
you're being the costly chief I make it
always like I feel like if you're like
vibrator $800 to zucchini re about that
whole booze
shake it down a little bit hair thick
there Bercy zucchinis are big what kind
of videos are you watching a lot last
one
never have I ever looked up my own name
in a porn website you should because
there's a lot of porn what no there's
not I'm not a wiki feat but that's not
porn that's like what I'm on wiki feet
what the hell is hell it's like oh one
it's like wiki if you guy to show you
it's like photos of my feet like
throughout the years like it wiki beep
mr. pretty Taylor well on that note so
much hold I did not know what was going
to come down tiger
yeah you're getting off on your own feet
you're just like I'm a wiki might want
me to show me those pictures if you want
me to show you mocking my hands are here
for the rest and you know all right you
guys there you go question of the day
aren't you one week easy no question of
the day let's have another and never
have I ever that you've never done and
maybe we'll put it in our next one so
check out my channel good subscribe
check it out we did a video I've never
had that ever where she let it I'd let
me just say a lot of fingers went down
and inside there was a lot of finger
action or just fingers birthday but it's
about your video whatever I love you
guys she loves you I love you I love you
love you bye my life is good right
yeah
