guess who's here oh it's been a while
yeah yes you she's looking at herself ah
she says Oh shouldn't I miss you
uh yeah so we are here mom this is the
first time you've seen my my new office
what do you think oh yeah I put your
stuff in the toilet so what do you think
wow it's amazing you like that blow-up
couch yeah you like none of the
furniture you like the patio furniture
I'm using for my computer oh very
interesting
I like your picture of a party over
there
Chihuahua yeah I got that you got that
um yeah so this is it it's great uh I
got my camera set up we're gonna film
some videos it's been a while since
we've mobile apps do I have to look at
anything then cuz like I'm blind Freddie
my glasses might be better if you don't
have to look at anything okay you might
to see a lot of weird stuff
oh so it's good I don't have my glasses
on mm-hmm
you know maybe just put tape over your
eyes like blindfold I cover your mouth
cover no it's just like you know you're
making a video with me you're gonna want
to cover everything uh so what have you
been up to not going to school oh oh
what's your side yeah do I look at you
don't you look at them in that little
okay were they at in the little hole
okay I can't look at that little hole
okay we're gonna film some videos she's
gonna look a little hole and then we'll
talk in a minute bar okay so he just
went on omegle Oh mom saw some things I
didn't know they were so big what you
know yeah I'm scarred for life okay
anyway we also went on tumblr I don't
remember anything after the other yeah
there was a lot of things that she can't
erase from her memory no I think I think
what does this tell you about the youth
of America Oh like if if I woulda came
home from work and saw you without a
shirt in front of the computer I Oh huh
yeah I would like quit my I would have
quit my job and I don't know when I
would not left I wouldn't leave you
alone I think one of my favorite moments
though
we film today was you trying to figure
out what youtubers were what and what
their names were and who they were and
what YouTube was so who is your favorite
youtuber of all time that you know of uh
you're still thing about the penis
aren't you gonna take let's see when do
I see my therapist uh no we I showed my
mom a bunch of pictures of youtubers she
had no idea who any of them were but
what are your thoughts like what do you
think about youtubers if you were a kid
right now what type of videos do you
think you'd be watching I think like you
what you do Shane like I would want to
laugh like I would want to watch things
that are funny and then also everyday
stuff like someone like you I got to be
honest because you talk about everyday
things but you're funny and I like your
your mood music spoofs and stuff okay no
I mean I think I would watch someone
like you what about someone who does
makeup tutorials and you and your thing
when I was young honey yeah I don't
think I would have cuz I just wasn't
into that what were you into you I don't
know I just kind of wasn't into like
makeup and I don't know back I don't
think we were as much into that as girls
nowadays I'll be honest so what were you
in - what were we into I oh my gosh
drums no I just don't remember us all
talking about makeup and hair and like I
just don't remember that I mean we would
talk about boys and falls it but I just
don't read a are more focused on that
than we were but huh we're talking I was
in the 70s that's long yeah it's a long
time ago well what would you do if I
told you that there's any challenge
going around where people like
themselves on fire I saw that on HLN and
it scared me to death because this kid
literally caught on fire and I just
thought you have to be mentally ill to
catch yourself on fire my head or a
youtuber no I I think it was like they
weren't youtubers and they were just
people filming themselves doing stupid
stuff okay so what I'm telling you now
is that me and you are about to do the
fire challenge you ready no no no no no
that's like my fear to burn to death
like no seriously I have nightmares
sometimes that I I'm the house is on
fire and I can't get out so the fact
that these kids are lighting themselves
fire like how does that happen okay what
time you seen your therapist you guys I
am fine a good me my mom we have funding
with you - it's just a boring vlog we
were hanging out but it's never well
I've still got every reason I might yeah
a lot of other things happened in this
day before we go though I feel like we
should do here please don't turn
anything I'm just gonna get the fire out
so I did something the other day that I
that I really liked hell to dance recess
so what that is is when you get stressed
or nervous or anxious or anything you
just dance it away do you remember that
was it Chris Crocker mm-hmm and he was
young no not a creepy person and it
actually made me cry because he was like
depressed or something and he said if
you're sad if you're depressed just
dance and he just danced and I remember
it it made me cry
well let's make them cry fella cuz we're
gonna have a dance recess you ready well
is there music yeah just I can't it's
not music
why no it's just you already did my dear
oh so so so I pretended I'm a Chris
Parker I'm depressed
hahaha that's it okay I want to kill
myself
hang on but I'm not because life is good
right
all right switch it up yeah that's good
see it recess guys okay and I think
we're good all right you guys I'll be up
on hang with us we have fun hang with
you question of the day what do you do
when you get stressed or nervous or
anxious um you dance i I just did all
right you guys I will see you tomorrow
make sure to give me a thumbs up
subscribe if you want to if you don't
who cares and I'll see you tomorrow bye
yeah but Lee Nia but Lee Mia I binge
Emily just fuckin barge
it's the purge anarchy
