I'm just gonna go to Farrah Abraham's a
sex toy Twitter oh my god there's
pictures it's fun to watch your parents
licking you know what I'm actually just
going to we're gonna move on hands in
the eyes we're gay
it's my come out video that literally
felt like a golden retriever back its
ass up at my face
oh good way anything if you ever want to
feel golden for your ass on your face
let's kiss I guess we're not gay
are we no let's find out a lot of people
have a lot of opinions a lot of people
say that I'm gay he's gay on both of our
channels in a real life at you know
chick-fil-a if I'm ordering something
you're like oh wow you're going order a
chick-fil-a well no think they get mad
at me for you yeah yeah why are you
ordering here you're not allowed you're
gay and I'm like I'm not gay and that's
whole thing so my chicken sandwich is
not bigoted my nuggets are for everybody
yeah I know so I did this video maybe
two years ago with Joey called the are
we gay challenge and now I got a new
haircut I got a new ship I'm thinking I
got a new gay friend he's not gay let's
do another web loss and have sex with
Dawson so here's what we're gonna do my
channel I'm gonna say the things that
people think I'm gay for on his we're
gonna do the same thing for him and
we're gonna try to decide in the
comments section if you think that we
look eight or not yeah well looking gave
100% our hair is both of our hairs are
trying to escape our head at the moment
my soul attracts everyone when did you
have way to do one of those I thought
what I like target like really you can
get a soul on discounted target so we
have five five things okay here we go
ready yeah first thing okay when I'm in
the shower and I'm washing myself
sometimes I introduced a finger but
where to
where do you think in your mouth and
you're here that would be weird dunker
whoa that's gay no in my ass well I do I
don't really go in I just kind of swirl
around you know to clean the butthole do
I go in I go ham and cheese on a tank
now do you do it for pleasure purposes
oh no although I do like of a good butt
gag yeah which is when you sit on the
toilet you put a finger you introduce a
finger and then it makes your about poop
see my Linea my butt just poops like
that's just like something my butt
that's it's only job really no I'd
listen to that mine's under
you know it's like a bulimic but
essentially yeah but Linea but leimia I
binge and then holy just fuckin gorge
it's the purge an arcing cache is weird
the purge : what is that yeah I'm very
visual person so what I'm seeing right
now is delicious you're welcome for the
next twenty five all Aki using number
two oh god what's a good one okay um I
there's so many things that are gay
whatever what are you oh I cross my legs
like this you probably can't see this
but my legs are completely crossed okay
I have trouble doing that well I don't
have a penis I can't you a penis mm-hmm
that's not it no that's what I'm talking
right I'm almost yeah no see I can't do
that because I have a big old ball see
that like that
that's after that's one ball that's just
one ball it's like this big around it's
a problem but the other ones like a pea
my balls are fake but they're used to
being squished because when I used to be
fatties to squish them so now they're
like cool wait you would just like
purposely just like squish your balls or
just for shits and giggles hey whatever
gets your jollies going you know can't
stop we hate your balls I wore pink
underwear sometimes and you can see it
when my shirt comes up I've embraced
pink actually what day is today I don't
know the day we're shooting this is
Wednesday what do we wear on Wednesday
we were pink on Wednesdays come on it's
Mean Girls okay this is me being gay not
you sorry I'm kidding that that was gay
oh I got one I got one I got one number
four I am friends on Facebook with the
fat gay guy for me girls don't the one
who's too gay to function yes yes
is that good no life others post that's
awesome I want to be friends with him
well he's black I'm kidding you can be
his Janice oh yeah yes Holly his Lindsay
yeah he looks different though no he's
like has a beard he's got a buff he's
like he's like different he's like you
know a little bit I don't know a lot of
his pictures are half naked like yours
and he's just like no my pictures not
happening they are all half naked I'm
not saying I don't enjoy that I'm just
saying they were thorough you're getting
hard
really guitar it's always number five I
just did that I know I'd say number five
means I have kissed I don't know fucking
ten dudes on YouTube who they're all the
same to me they're all in numbers
they're all here good I've got a special
way do we kiss not on camera
the next job she's angry about bad so
with all those you guys in the comments
let me know and you right now let me
know do all those things make you think
that I'm gay
no you be involved two balls keeping a
dude make me think you're gay whole'
steep balls deep like all the way to the
balls
can I put my balls in it if you can
figure that out I would buy that porn I
could figure that out yeah guys go over
to his channel click here somewhere and
I check it out we did the same challenge
on his about him and he's almost
guarantee me and not surprising yeah you
know I didn't think throughout the
course of these videos that I would feel
more gay than you but now I do
thank you yeah alright guys hope you're
joining us we have fucking no with you
and uh subscribe and like and all that
shit and we will see you tomorrow woah
we I don't know I will where will you
know I don't know down here yeah my car
don't get me started I literally had a
valet guy turned me down the other day
he looked in my car and he went no could
it have been the Gatorade bottle I had
filled with pee in my passenger seat
maybe
