have you guys yeah I was checking to see
if I something in my teeth I can tell
you this starting on the side margins
probably might seem like a psychopath
hi guys hi now you're know here you
might not know that me and Garrett
actually met on tinder mmm it was fun it
was one of the most scary month of my
life no it was great we had a genuine
connection which led us to a great
friendship and we never have to see each
other naked yeah and no honestly yeah
that never happened thank heaven Jerry
would have never been free card
okay so recently I did a video where me
and Rylan read our ginger conversation
and I'm like wait she's my baby carrot I
would look at this in like two years
I don't even know I look at every night
I mean all right I did say boo I think a
lot okay here we go hang on
uh-huh wait wait should we give a little
bit of backstory yeah okay well first of
all before we get to the actual
conversation we need to show them your
tinder all right okay okay so yours are
still active i deactivated my co-founded
relationship Oh yours is still active
yeah yeah no I'm doing fine I'm kind of
casually dating it's going great well
we're good I got mice so I got two mice
so they're taking a lot of my time well
all put them in different worlds with
special effects look at this space mice
solving a mystery looking through a
graveyard so you know okay Mike I'm just
nervous
I don't know this is going to be get a
bit funny okay so here's your page 28
years old
yeah what's base station 72nd oh yeah
right on but I wanted to keep it sound
cool on your story okay it's not or you
fell for it
you'll connected it to your Instagram
yeah what are you trying to show you're
like no this is the world with the thing
hey I'm getting out really don't like go
through a couple of your pictures so the
first one is you holding a woman hostage
ah that's my friend call me that looks
like a cold and that looks like you're
gonna sacrifice her next you're on top
of a building
yeah okay since you're staying next is
yours with some other girl you're you're
in that one this picture makes you look
crazy it does and it says I'm a guy who
likes my time a guy who has too much
time to before I did you there me and my
mom people like to see that right okay
you and your mom that's a good one I
like that yeah it looks like me it just
happy now wait you have our tinder
conversation do you have my tater puffs
up I haven't seen it in a long time let
me just go through my shame hang on oh
and I super liked I have to say that you
did super likes me and I didn't know
what that means because like I wasn't
like crazy desperate like I didn't go
super like what oh yeah oh yeah I may be
their own exact you guys have already
seen this is literally the same as my
bubble what did your mom say wait was it
I like movies food joseline people who
aren't afraid to be them know if you
have a dog of the screen trilogy bucks
you don't have to scream trilogy box set
up cool let's watch it because I believe
in the first one really okay so now
let's see the conversation oh my god I'm
scared
I don't know I left you like this is
good like the stupidest like did I lay
it on thick you texted me first right
we'll see so you talk for you I talk for
me okay mmm would you first so oh okay
oh wait I'm here I'm sorry I'm very
nervous okay sucky music now bad music
no that's exactly hey man that's be like
I'm a straight guy Qaeda hey man hope
you had a good holiday I may or may not
have watched
14-minute vine compilations of yours
because I'm a fucking creep
that Sunday because I made vine that is
true I did lay in my bed and watch like
a gimp
you didn't scale it the guys played a
real reason no no I'm literally saying
no I want to do a bright future the real
reason was because in your pictures it
was different pictures of it you came
across very like intimidating kind of
creepy and like very like and the second
era dish and I fucking hate YouTube and
hate all the ships I do talk like that
yeah so I wanted to also still make sure
that like you weren't like ribs oh and I
saw one vine that you probably weighed
like 30 times more than you do now yes
and you were just and I was like me
perfect this could work yeah so that's
why I wanted to look at your body and
make sure it was obtainable yeah well it
is good news the good news boys okay oh
you said oh God oh yeah this is Beckett
hmm a beautiful man watched me for 14
minutes I gotta be honest I'm the
opposite of creeped out
hello Shane oh no but don't know what
that is you listen to what you said hey
okay okay first of all a beautiful man
yes you are you still are you stop it
he's very handsome I told him all the
time oh my god
oh I can't wait Wow that actually meet
my heart mouth oh ha ha
hey being a beautiful you are not only
insanely attractive but I love your bio
and what is it not true yes like what
you said about what you're looking for
one of the few guys I've seen on here
but is Allah we would have beautiful the
inside as they are on the out it's chair
like an amazing person inside granted I
don't know you might be a sociopath
either way to come entry
no the fact in my words were not only
well received but we seed it all by you
so it's a great deal thank you for
telling me that
hey also I gotta apologize for making
your heart stop oh no I don't know oh my
god
I don't think hearts are supposed to do
that have it kill dude it's no you know
what I'm saying it they're still to you
that we can eat load all the chips
nowheres believe me that's not going to
stop me or us you know what I was saying
it in like a tool sort of way but
honestly definitely casually for now I'm
going to come this is good so I edited
with I think hearts are not supposed to
do that have it killed you know it was
actually needed sometimes I think I'm
dead it was a nice shocking jolt to wake
me up
dark yeah still Garrett how did you
Sunday my sunday was great
in a nutshell I crafted and ate a
burrito to my favorite activities youth
that's true crafted in eight you know I
literally did nothing I actually can't
think of one thing I did I took a shower
and I keep saying I'll do it soon it's
10 p.m. this little morsel is the
conversations we have nowadays
oh boy oh it's getting rough sighs it's
all sneak peek I'm a laid-back guy with
very few pretensions I'd rather lose a
finger than consumer microwaved burrito
I allow myself just one burrito every
weekend
not sure why I would never microwave a
burrito cut to you eating shit you find
under the cow I did find something under
the couch last night
a box of cheeses um as for your nothing
day I'm proud of you okay now I'd like
to discuss your face I love to say I
said that oh no don't react like back to
look what you said okay yeah the game
was really you better read it word for
word what your changes
thank God I mean you're gorgeous so I
could put up with a mile of microwave
burrito how weird I was just going to
discuss you your face oh okay you just
tossed it right back I kind of like you
discussing my face but for now let's
focus on years
hold on I need to emotionally join you
hang on let's take a 10-minute break all
right it's not so often I super like a
guy what Uncle Sam okay sexy okay
it's not too often I super like a guy
based on one face photo alone but you
have zero words in your profile but your
face transcends all that I could feel
one of those I'm so sorry
don't do it Oh God I could feel one of
those Harriet the Spy style compilation
notebooks from cover to cover with how
much I like the details of your face
that actually I like it was creepy but I
liked it because I'm not Harry despot -
okay now my heart is completely melted
on the floor and I'm going to tender my
fucking new here is where it'll paws are
the most horrible horror stories of him
on tinder that things between me and
between Rylan those creatures I'm sorry
I mean those nice nice people I did it
in yourself
he doesn't know what a super like what
that's true until you did it and it's
super made we're gonna super killer it
look easy okay I'm gonna call him that
on here but I've got a question before I
go I understand you're new to tinder so
if this strikes you is off-colored I get
it and we can continue talking here but
these tiny words on this tiny screen
while they only go so far what I'm
trying to say here is I'd like to take
you out on a proper date you should
write Conor Francis new poetry fuck da
pitch-black silence
okay and I promised that in real life I
will neither stop or melt your heart I
was trying to say like I'm not going to
kill you thank you you're welcome
Oh a visit where it's really dark does
it really yeah oh I don't know what's
happening I said of course I'd love that
and then I said also it's not fair that
I got to Google talk to you and you
didn't get to stalk me by the way just
let you guys know when I'm on tinder I
use a fake name
what do you mean nude Shane but I think
I have either big last name or no last
name my full name is Shane Dawson and I
have a very weird job I just wanted to
be upfront about it because I know a lot
of people are turned off by it but if
you're not then I can't wait to have a
breda with you now this is my way I'm
saying like hey whatever but also seeing
what your reaction was because if your
reaction was like okay I knew the whole
time I loved your video I would have
been like a match no no no that's Jabba
here was your reaction hold up the very
same Shane Dawson that I've been told
that I physically resemble about once a
week for my entire adult life this is
very ironic and endlessly amusing so I
didn't realize when I saw his picture I
just thought what a handsome guy hello
but when he said that name because once
a month to Mike oh she knows a Jane
Austen well I said oh my god that's
amazing
and here god you're way more attractive
than me I like the way they got left in
the womb for Texas
Oh God does that happen with me when
babies you're left in the wooden kitchen
Lord it is more than this this static
you know I'm hands-on thing no I don't
find your job to be a turn-off and I do
not find you anymore less wonderful than
I did at the start of this conversation
damn it that is funny though huh I don't
think you understand how often I hear
this you just mean by night you're very
sweet that is pretty amazing though and
not surprising the universe is super
funny but next it is sweet tight my
handsome overbake twin twin night my
taller more conventionally attractive
older brothers little brother
oh good you came up oh yeah cuz I have a
little younger than you
I was like whoa this is great like I
finally found somebody that's like
normal but still sad and like physically
kind of looks like me this could
actually work right and then I give you
my number you didn't text me for
literally a week now I don't remember
details like this I'm not like big on
the superlight games like I'm not like
yeah you gotta wait three days and sort
things so I don't know what I was up to
okay so then they texted me and then we
were just like finally texting like I
think planning a date or something but
then we started sending each other like
videos bagging for pictures and like we
have them all so the first video you
ever sent me because use that one first
when if you were at some bar or
something and then you sent me a video
now one am i well thirsty Oh close it
sounds stupid concentration hopefully
oh he's literally like 18 feet away he
just ran first of all connect to take
you but I sex appears ghosty it is the
safest I know brave with his cheese good
I know I'm sorry we're helpful circle it
is because now we don't know what's
coming in I'm scared
why because hounds go go hunting yeah
you might not get out like whenever now
so then I sent you a video the next day
okay
first of all hi ready second of all um I
have done manual labor okay you don't
know shit you know my life
you don't know oh wow I guess you like
made fun of me and said I don't know how
to do labor I think I was moving or
something what if what if we figure out
a hobby
that we both like doing and then we can
do it even okay now then I think I told
you if we don't figure out a plan to
meet up and have a date I'm going to
kill myself or something yeah and then
you sent me there oh I wonder 6:00 a.m.
oh my god we don't figure this shit out
I'm going to kill myself
I get it um I I don't want you sending
video messages I like via messages but a
will admit to not finding suicide jokes
very funny um so maybe refrain I mean
you don't have to refrain with me I got
a sense of humor I'm looking forward to
our date by the way then it will be good
and it's been a few hours really if you
think about it those are the last dumb
words ever spoken by Karen but it turns
out that his ghost is still insisting on
taking you out that's sweet off he's off
doing some
right now oh my god maybe over team
itself but he'll give you the details of
your date tonight
later this afternoon that's sweet I
don't hate that I hate that we were
sending each other like YouTube videos
like I always like Russia and then you
were like the book no no that was very
sweet and I liked it I was scared but I
liked it so then I sent you a video of
me very sweaty I feel a judgment and I
feel like because I haven't had curry
you're almost using that it was like
like I had high school I remember this
now you wanted to go get curry for the
first date and I said no come on
remember that would give you a homeless
diarrhea and I was expecting like you
know just five so I was trying to eat it
all right and then we started finding
each other weird what is this this one
point eight seconds long one scared look
sporty the face he has right here we go
let's try again no I hate it but it does
look like we Oh Jenna sent you a picture
of a dumpster on fire but this was only
22 second book a pizza rolls okay I just
want to let you know that all kind of
that guy you're dealing with I'm really
dangerous wait why are you a large but I
wouldn't rather joke and I don't like
order check this out
this isn't funny what is it wait oh
that's not funny
maybe it get funny oh dude all right
let's do one more
first of all can I inspire you to go to
this door ball you're so stupid
hold your fire also aware I don't like
order either who and your choice of that
joke oh there's your nuts also I got you
too time oh I didn't know I like that
you unsalted then I got your salt you
said you like nothing we were hanging
out I was like I'm gonna go get you not
if I eat nuts with a shell still on and
then we took a picture together look at
that I'm swearing to think oh right now
all right
don't wear that shirt man I still have
to watch this oh you can see we're
watching YouTube what are we watching
ooh it revealed that hey wash and now
we're here look at us oh this specially
really fun yeah and we've come so far we
have come far you started out talking
straight and now you're thinking is it
all off there oh I'm so excited to
because there was a moment when it was
like what are we is this bike is we
really like being friends and liked one
another but we knew wasn't in that way
if you want to see a full story time of
our first kids the first time and what I
said the first all of that we did a
video like a year ago on my other
channel I'll link it down below it's
called a my ex-boyfriend or so gun meet
my ex-boyfriend so anyways guys I love
you he had I'm so glad that we are
friends and I'm so glad that we didn't
back yeah no that would have ruined it
careful with that careful with that I
don't know how we would have went back
from every day I'm just think about it
I'm so glad we didn't si wake up every
morning and just have a better day
thinking about that fat mmm
well guys please go over to get his
channel check it out
I can make sure your videos you already
know that go subscribe and show some
love also give this video a thumbs up
and subscribe to my channel right now
below this emoticons about something in
the delegate and if you want to see more
videos as me and Garrett doing stuff as
an ex-couple let us know what was your
any create our first week you were so
scared
see you are actually scared he thought
he was going to die you always take
testing drew your information I really
want yeah if you want that give us a
thank you guys I'll see a nice is breath
wait do you're straight with oh okay why
should I say mmm else see you guys next
time
oh I hate it now I can straight her okay
Oh God
see you later metal ghosties okay so
just like Jo me to look shocked you it
was it oh my god
Oh
