I'm just gonna go to Farrah Abraham's a
sex toy Twitter oh my god there's
pictures it's fun to watch your parents
licking you know what I'm actually just
going to we're gonna move on I look like
Urban Outfitters threw up on me
hey guys really quickly before I start
this video I just want to let you guys
know that this Friday on you now I'm
going to be going live at 7 o'clock and
I'm going to be watching not cool with
you I'm going to be giving you behind
the scenes stories from the set I'm
gonna be answering all your questions
we're just gonna be watching it together
so make sure I've put the links down
there go follow my you now or whatever
and please buy the movie on iTunes or
Amazon so you can watch it with me get
all your friends together let's have a
fucking party all right let's get to the
video so I've heard this song once um
and that was because I was at the gym
now sidenote you would think this song
would be like inspirational at the gym
no maybe you want to leave it made me
want to leave and go eat something and
be happy with my roles so please stop
playing the song at the gym play
something like I don't know Lindsay
Lohan rumors just hearing Lindsay
Lohan's voice at the gym makes me want
to run faster cuz I'm like I want to
live I want to live I don't want to turn
into her let's start reading lyrics okay
all about that bass by Meghan Trainor Oh
trainer Jim not really because you know
I'm all about that bass about that bass
no treble now if you guys don't know
what that means if me and she's all
about the boom boom and now boom which
girl I agree there's nothing I love more
than getting in my shitty car listening
to my shitty radio and only hearing the
pleasurable experience yeah it's pretty
clear I ain't no size too I'm gonna be
honest I watched a music video I wish
she was fatter cuz I can shake it shake
it like I'm supposed to do I don't know
who's forcing you to shake it but you
need to get rid of them and do your own
thing bitch cuz I got that boom boom
that all the boys chase
so she's wielding around a gun and
shooting people I like her all the right
junk and all the right places
I agree with that because my ass is the
only place I should have junk but it's
not my apartments disgusting my office
is disgusting my car don't get me
started I literally had a valet guy
turned me down the other day
he looked in my car and he went not
could it have been the Gatorade bottle I
had filled with pee in my passenger seat
maybe
hey listen I'm all about that boom boom
that all the boys chase I see the
magazine work in that photo shop we know
that shit ain't real this is exactly how
I feel when I go on Instagram and I see
all them youtubers using that Photoshop
we know that shit ain't real there's no
way you're over the age of 18 and you
don't have creases on your forehead I'm
talking to you every single youtuber
ever you can't have anime character eyes
it's not real if you got beauty building
just raise them up
cuz every inch of you is perfect from
the bottom to the top one I get the
second half but if you got Beauty
building like a like a beauty building
like Michelle Phan's makeup store like a
Jenga tower of Beauty I don't quite
understand this yeah my mama she told me
don't worry about your size my mama told
me the same thing and I ended up turning
into a 400 pound 12 girls she says boys
like a little more booty to hold at
night this is actually true my hands
love booty that got weird no what I'm
trying to say is I don't think any guys
really care that much about weight or
any of that I don't care I have never
been attracted to a girl because she was
super skinny or because she was super
flowery I'm literally attracted to
somebody if they look at me and don't
want to throw up if you smile at me
we're getting married I think girls put
too much pressure on themselves for the
appearance just nobody cares guys don't
care give us booty to hold at night and
possibly a milkshake really love
milkshakes you know I won't be no stick
figure silicone Barbie doll so if that's
what you're into go ahead and move along
I mean listen I'm gonna be honest
sometimes I'm into Barbie dolls actual
Barbie dolls I like to wrap them around
my penis and it looks like they're
excited and they're going down to fire
up your bowl I'm bringing booty back go
ahead and tell them skinny bitches that
I'm bringing a pony back or shut the
fuck up no one
love you do know I'm just playing I know
you think you're fat but I'm here to
tell y'all every inch of you is perfect
from the bottom to the top that's
beautiful I love that and then it just
keeps going on to all about that base
base base base base base base although
I'm gonna be honest the first time I saw
the title of the song I thought it was
all about that bass and I was excited
because there's not enough songs about
fish I was even more excited when I saw
the song anaconda cuz I thought it was
about snakes I don't think it is by the
way can you actually think about that
for a second think about what that song
means it's talking about buttfucking
that song is about buttfucking your mom
is listening to that song in the car
singing along and it's about buttfucking
you're welcome player go that was my
analysis of all about that base I don't
know I like the song I like the idea of
it it's it's nice I don't think it's a
skinny shaming I think that's stupid I
mean I get why skinny people are
offended by it but I'm not offended
mainly cuz I'm not skinny because I'm
fat because I'm all about that cake
what and if I said anything today
offensive about that people just
remember I used to be fat and I think
I'm fat
and I already told you guys that I hate
myself you know I'm all about that bass
Bebe's sad face no therapy I probably
should go pack should go bad make an
appointment I'm bringing crazy pig
aren't you guys I'm gonna go I am going
crazy okay fine hang with me I am funny
with you question of the day what do you
think about all about that bass also
what song should I talk about next and
one more time before I go I've said this
a million times already but please
please please if you haven't already
please download my movie it not cool on
iTunes or Amazon or Google Play it is
doing really well but a lot of you guys
have not seen it yet so I really want
you to see it and we can watch it
together this Friday night okay I don't
know hello guys I don't know I don't
know what that was my body's rejecting
me I'm gonna go eat some cake
it's Jimmy Neutron here I wish I look
like Zack Morris fell into a microwave
I'm interesting didn't have Mexican food
today but I'm tasting it
