hey what's up you guys it's Jimmy
Neutron here I wish I look like Zack
Morris fell into a microwave yeah
interesting didn't have Mexican food
today but I'm tasting it hey guys
so I've done a few of these videos in
the last couple weeks where I just sit
here and talk to you guys up like with
no music and just no fancy editing um
and I kind of like it kind of want to do
this once a week I hope you guys like
that and if you don't so but I like
talking to you guys and just venting and
whatever today's video is about haters
now listen I've done this video before
but I have so much more experience with
haters in the last month dear God I mean
fuck I don't want to get too much into
everything I'm gonna get a little bit
into it because I feel like you guys can
relate to this and hopefully get some
advice from this so I put up that video
about the black face and the apology and
it went over well and people knew I
wasn't being fake anyway I was being
genuine it was a sincere apology and I'm
happy about that and I think I taught
people you know not to be ignorant to
that kind of racism and it started to go
conversation grow up literally two
seconds after I uploaded it people went
crazy on Twitter certain people I'm not
naming names but you know who you is
went crazy on Twitter and just was like
oh so he's apologizing for blackface but
what about all the rape jokes he does
what about all the dead baby jokes you
guys what about all the I don't know gay
jokes he does what about the Mexican
jokes won't not like literally like what
about everything
what about breathing he talks about that
he should apologize to the air it just
it turned into you know every offensive
thing I've ever said and I closed my
computer and I stepped away from it and
I thought fuck you I'm done fucking
hands Han just ate a bag of chips shake
it off the crumbs bitch I'm done because
the thing is I have this disorder not
needing disorder or talked about that
last week I have this disorder where I
want everybody to like me I want
everybody like me I that's a text
message from my mom and literally I
thought about turning the video off and
going to return it cuz I want her to
like me
but that's never gonna happen so I'm
gonna keep going with the video I'm
kidding I love mom I know you love me
back okay moving up this disorder I
don't know what it's called I'm sure
there's term for it but when somebody
doesn't like me I go out of my way to
make them like me literally somebody
good could say to me you know Oh Shane I
fucking hate you and I'd be like oh
really why they tell me and I'd be like
oh well you don't know me and maybe
maybe we should hang out on her like
maybe we should go to a movie you want
to say at which like I'll do anything to
make these people like me and maybe
they'll be nice to me but at the end of
the day they don't like me they're never
going to like me they're still gonna
talk shit about me behind my back
they're still gonna tweet mean things
about me they're still gonna just wish
to God every day that I die in a fire
they're just gonna wish that and I
finally have accepted that after 26
years of trying to please everybody I
mean trying to please everybody I mean
Jennifer love you and the client list
that's me I'm constantly jerking trying
to make them come trying but they don't
like it they don't they don't come in my
face they just leave with a limp angry
dick so and I think what happened was
you know I realized I was like I'm not
gonna apologize for my rape jokes I'm
not gonna apologize for my gay jokes or
Mexican jokes or white jokes or black
jokes any of those jokes because that's
my humor my humor is to talk about
things people don't talk about
I love fucked-up humor I love it you
guys love it most for the most part
that's why you watch I love it my movie
had some fucked up stuff in it I thought
it was funny I'm not gonna apologize for
that fucking sound part they don't
apologize for their jokes Joan Rivers
who's a genius said never apologize for
a joke I'm sticking with that I
apologize for the blackface because yeah
that was too far I crossed a line I
didn't understand and that's why I
apologized for it but I'm not gonna
apologize for I mean mom really I'm not
gonna apologize for anything else I'm
done you'll never see another apology
video from me unless something crazy
comes out I don't never raped anybody
I'm not you're not gonna see any of that
so anyways the reason I brought this up
is because I feel like a lot of you guys
might feel the same way whether it's an
employee at work or whether it's a kid
at school or whether it's a friend who
you who just if there's somebody in your
life who does not like you and they made
it very clear they don't like you stop
trying
stop trying it's wasting your energy on
a negative person so I have been through
something this last year I'm not going
to go totally into this I'll probably
wait a couple months until the chair is
over it's involving the show the chair
that I'm on I've gone through something
where a few people involved in the show
or yes the show I'm not gonna say who it
is because I don't want to start no
drama
make it very clear that they do not like
me it's not that they don't like me they
don't like my humor they think I'm
offensive they don't agree with what I
do they don't agree with my content they
think my audience is dumb they think
that I'm a bad influence on people they
and they have that opinion so me being
with my disorder constantly try to get
these people to like me I mean literally
and I still in probably try
so much and you'll see once a show comes
out you'll be like holy shit Shane it's
intense
but I'm done and it has been the hardest
year of my life besides making the movie
dealing with people who don't like me
unlike I like I having to see them and
then me being overly nice to them and
then them just giving me stink eye has
been so hard and I am finally done I am
done I'm done I'm not done being nice
because I'm a nice person but I'm done
engaging I'm done checking their
Twitter's I'm done waiting for them to
email me they're just wasting my time
they're wasting my energy that's what it
is so what I was trying to say is
there's people in your life that are
wasting your energy and you're thinking
about them like literally it gets to the
point where the last thing I would think
about before I fell asleep was these
people who hate me and I'm thinking how
can I make them like me they need to
know I'm a great person they need to
know I'm nice they need to know I'm I'm
caring how do I make them like me like
literally I couldn't sleep and guess
what they were probably doing sleep them
even the trail-mix going to bed on time
when I'm in bed fucking up all night
just fucking hitching just boohead way
and it's so stupid at least another
thing you know a lot of people that
don't like me you know I'm sure you guys
have seen a lot of the reviews for the
movie it's doing really well with the
fans and the audience people love it
critics not so much mainly because
they're old and angry about society
teenagers blah but a lot of the critics
are just like you know talk about how
offensive I am and how offensive my
videos are and how offensive
and that's what kills me and that's why
I'm done trying to make people like me
I'm like okay first of all my videos are
not that offensive second of all how can
they just totally ignore the fact that
I've made videos about suicide I've made
videos about eating disorders I made
videos about child abuse I've made
videos about coming out to parents I've
made videos about literally every big
topic multiple videos I've saved
people's lives I've done stuff that
these people have never even come close
to doing but they just think I'm
offensive they don't they ignore that
because they don't want to hear that
they want to just think Shane's a
terrible person so anyways back on track
you know fuck em fuck them be nice to
them but fucker don't don't engage so
when you go back to school tomorrow or
you go back to work tomorrow or you go
back on Twitter and you see those those
same people hating on you or favoriting
tweets where the work that are me like
okay just an example say I mean you are
frenemies and I'm constantly nice to you
constantly I never say anything right
and then you favorite a tweet that says
Shane's a racist or chain sucks or or I
like I don't like shame if you favorite
the tweet you're saying it even if you
don't publicly tweet that grow you're
saying it because you're favoring that
tweet that would be like if I favorited
like one of Hitler's tweets and then
somebody's like uh do you want to
LeDoux's today and I'd be like no it's
like yeah if I'm favoring Hitler's tweet
and yeah anyone is that's just a side
side topic anyways guys I'm gonna go I
like these a little these little talky
talk videos hopefully you do too
just be yourself be your fucking self
because at the end of the day you can
try and try and try to be what somebody
wants you to be but you're just gonna be
miserable you know and you know what I
am I'm a nice caring funny talented
beautiful person who does so much for
everybody in my life who cares so much
about his audience who cares so much
about my family cares so much about
everybody and I need to start caring
more about myself not caring about what
people think of me so I'm that's what
I'm gonna do and that's what you guys
should do too so once again I don't care
about comments don't leave me one go to
the mirror look at yourself and say I
care about you and think about the
person that's being mean to you and in
your head think fuck'em I'm better than
that I love you guys
and you probably shouldn't release your
bowels while you're away from a toilet
ah no no no I said dual middle split not
take a massive shit
