welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet
this is one of my new favorite YouTube
videos and I honestly have no idea why
it makes me laugh so hard because it's
not particularly funny it's almost as
though I was laughing at someone
shucking corn which I guess is kind of
weird image also great question why is
he peeling so many apples do gets kind
of creepy when you think about it like
that also when you started weighting the
bucket of apple peels to super long
toenail trimmings also the bucket of
peeled apples with all their under flesh
exposed kind of looks like raw elephant
eyeballs happy October I hear like a new
trendy fear is a fear of birds which I
don't fully understand not saying I
would like a wild rabies infested pigeon
all up in my personal space but I think
if birds are just kind of doing their
thing I'm over here doing my thing I
don't really see much of an issue which
is also the way I feel about Justin
Bieber but if a word ever did
spontaneously dive on my head I can only
hope that my reaction is half as
majestic as this woman's wavy lines
quite a fierce magpie
that right there is the perfect reaction
clip to 90% of life's first world
problems
the Internet's down when stores start
selling Christmas decorations really
early in the year and I'm just like yeah
what mm-hmm
you were just making some really weird
noises oh sorry I do that when I think
about Ebola here human watch this video
on how to talk to people maintaining eye
contact is important it's important to
learn someone's name Allison yeah
Allison
uh-huh Laura no skip the small talk ask
a personal question you ever feel like
it's your fault that your parents got
divorced ah yes so good to know I've
been talking to people correctly this
whole time I would say there is a time
and a place for everything you want to
need soup at a baseball game you
wouldn't light a candle while you're
whitewater rafting and you probably
shouldn't release your bowels while
you're away from a toilet no no no I
said do middle split not take a massive
shit thank you for watching this
grotesque episode of bomb.com hopefully
we didn't hit you with the awesome
internet shrapnel if you did enjoy this
episode make sure to hit the thumbs up
button and head on over to
youtube.com/scishow Lexus results check
out my latest video here's a tiny tiny
preview it looks disgusting but smells
delicious Wow cool you can also check
out and follow my Twitter Instagram and
other social media links by checking out
the links below I post a lot of cool
stuff so I'd recommend doing the thing
washing of the day what would you do if
you were a cheerleader who's top of her
teammates I think I would take these Sam
pepper escape route and just call it all
a prank I hope you're having a lovely
day and good
