hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another episode of what the fuck news
my name is Destry and I'm pretty sure I
like fire way too much but this is what
the fuck news we talked about the super
ass weird news that you may have missed
in the last week and the first story I
want to talk about today is orgasms we
all have them unless you're a married
woman or 12 years old then you probably
don't have them but our first story
today is about a guy who says his life
is being ruined because of a medical
condition causing them to have over a
hundred involuntary orgasms a day on my
hand that fucking sucks on the other
though do you know how lucky this guy is
you know how many hours a day I waste
trying to do what this guy does a
hundred times my entire day gets wasted
like I masturbated three times since I
started this video I'm just kidding four
series apparently no the man 37 year old
Dale Decker got the syndrome called
persistent sexual arousal syndrome after
he slipped a disc in his back then
triggering this unexplained illness
since he's been unable to go anywhere
without fear of busting a nut in public
when you're on your knees at your
father's funeral
I just casket and you're saying goodbye
to him and then you have nine orgasms
right there while your whole family is
standing behind you
speech never one
another orgasm as long as you know yeah
that's not good Dale hopes that he can
figure out a way to cure this illness so
they can go back to grocery shopping
without coming in his pants every time
the cashier rings him out or drive his
car without seeing baby gravy in his
pants and swerving all over the fucking
Road in Moore what the fuck news to
Louisiana teachers were jailed after
they were found guilty of filming a
threesome with one of their students
this would be really awesome if it
weren't so illegal Plus how the fuck did
that kid pull that off when I tried this
with my teacher I just got a restraining
order in several FS on my report card
yeah I tried it with multiple teachers
so apparently no the student it was 16
at the time started having sex with the
two quite frequently most recently going
to one of their apartments after a
football game reportedly having sex till
they had to go to school the next
morning how are you responsible what if
he had homework doing any fucking
studied was your vagina whole little got
though after the student being a boy did
what most boys do after they had any
kind of sexual encounter and bragged
about it to a brand new that bragged
about her to other people blah blah blah
hey man guess what I did last night
played with dog turds in your yard I
don't know nope that was last week's now
this teacher is age 32 and 24 were both
English teachers from the Destrehan high
school and are still currently being
held in police custody
looks like English wasn't the only thing
these teachers taught they also taught
how to catch genital warts 101 I think
now would be a perfect time to remind
you that bitches can indeed be whack
Thank You Destry I did not know that
well you know that's why I'm here in
dorms what the fuck news a daughter
woman was jailed for over a month after
cops confused her SpaghettiOs for men
what how do you can use SpaghettiOs
ferment I feel like this cop just really
wanted to arrest someone but he just did
not have a reason to do it so it was
like what's this man you going job bitch
just merely SpaghettiOs what about this
34 pounds of heroin
that's dish soap oh no what's this a
bloody ass with no fingerprints on it
you're going to jail
that is a candle apparently any cops
arrest of the 23 year old Ashley huh
after they found a spoon in her car
covered with a suspicious residue which
they then assumed
math and put her in jail because of this
I've actually started a new dangerous
sport called tricking cops into thinking
what you're doing is illegal
yeah there's bring a spoon out in public
with some strange residue on it just
light it on fire and just start sniffing
it just have a great time
mmm hey what are you doing I'm just
kidding don't do that you'll probably be
shot the collarbone and lastly in some
movie news the trailer for takin three
was just released which just shows more
of Liam Neeson being a badass honey
honey back away now I didn't do this
what's your first priority here
inspector my job is to bring you in my
first priority is to protect the only
one I have left you go down this road
the LAPD the FBI CIA
you're all gonna come for you
they'll find you
and you'll stop you
Godwin are people gonna stop taking Liam
Neeson's things first his daughter than
him now he is wife I don't know who you
are I don't know what you want but I
swear to God you need to stop taking my
things now an exclusive looking at
taking for where a group of terrorists
take Liam Neeson's microwave but I will
find you and I will kill you
well he did with take your microwave but
in all seriousness it looks pretty
awesome and I just hope it's a lot
better than taking two cuz that movie
was a steaming pile of Raptor shit true
story anyways this has been what the
fuck news and my question of the day for
you guys is if you could have a
threesome with two other people who
would they be and why leave those in the
comments down below all of the day's
stories as always in the description
below as well as all of my links check
out those links you might like it
whatnot also before you guys go make
sure to check out my main channel at
youtube.com slash decimate it's actually
almost a damn million subscribers now I
think we're like a hundred thousand away
so make sure you go and subscribe to
that you need a lot but I will see you
next week for another what the fuck news
and Fairwinds
