hey guys I'm wearing a blanket first
things first I just want to say thank
you guys so much for buying the movie
you got it to number five on iTunes we
were in between a big robot and that
cancer movie that's very exciting maybe
we'll get to number one I don't know who
knows but number five is fucking amazing
and if I died tomorrow I'd be happy that
just got weird anyways today I thought
it'd be fun if I showed you a couple
more clips from the movie if you have
not bought the movie yet maybe these
clips will help you decide or maybe you
hate the clips and you decide to go
watch the cancer movie I did can't make
your choices for you so here are just a
few clips from the movie not cool and I
hope you guys enjoy them and I will see
you tomorrow bye well I come on in Scott
we're just about to play dance central
yeah I do have some pretty sick moves
you know in high school they used to
call me a depressed dog Oh No why well
cuz I ain't got no yesica the Scarecrow
cuz you ain't got no brain okay
I like Scott's joke better I know it's
like that's the last time I've ever
having sex with a cafeteria lady again
bye gross stupid fucking bitch
kidding not really I got three words die
ah Riya am i right slammed up whoo see
that wasn't that bad Oh
I guess it wasn't anyone else losing
their vision uh at least you didn't
pierce your day
