drew is very sad right because I posted
like two or three pictures on Instagram
with me and him today and when we walk
into big Connie's like how come how come
like nobody like not even one person was
like there's drew from Shane's Instagram
I don't talk like that but hey guys
we're in a hotel her oh my shit we just
had sex
ah we fucked it was great I didn't like
it you hated it not fun anyways I know
we're here in New York cuz we're doing
about your meeting greets with you guys
which was awesome and I mentioned on
Twitter that I really wanted to try the
new pumpkin Oreos because I heard they
have been gross and I've heard they have
been great yes
what have you heard I've heard nothing
besides the fact that you here's the
thing you tweeted bring me these and
then at the theater you're like I just
waited that like I thought they were
cool and then everyone showed up with
them let me asked for them okay listen I
did ask for them I didn't think we got
maybe a hundred buck like a lot of boxes
of Oreos we're gonna go around the city
and feed all the homeless because they
are hungry these limited-edition Oreos
no I'm very excited I have a box right
here I've not tried these this isn't
exciting I've seen a BuzzFeed article
about them that said that they made
people throw up in their mouths
instantly no no but I'm excited about
that you know I've seen a lot of
BuzzFeed articles it made me throw up in
like no one else we got that I thought
was pretty amazing oh you know they call
him pizza drew they do though why not
have a pizza drew costume that's right
this is from Emma Emma and as she said
thank you for making me smile drew every
day where a pizza Cosby okay put it on
hi dad that looks delicious
okay okay stop rubbing your pepperoni
okay here we go these are uh looking
interesting I'm nervous
I don't like Oreos at all so that will
affect my take okay I like pumpkin but
fake pumpkin flavoring sometimes basis I
used to think I like pumpkin pie but I
realize that just like whipped cream but
you know what I mean so true just cover
it oh how are you guys so these are okay
okay oh no peanut butter little things
they look interesting out there perfume
if you need perfume it's a lot it's
Yankee Candle though
okay we don't need to get I mean I'm
saying you want a meaty boys sons media
I asked well there was a dad there there
was a few dad hey and I said he ate one
I said oh how was it he goes creamy yeah
I was like yes bitch
okay here we go okay
tastes like Grandma pudding hmm wait
okay I need to get in there why don't
someone throw up because this is
literally just like kind of like an
overview with a little bit of spice to
bullshit I like it I don't see a problem
with it I don't love it there's the
candle though I mean you never eaten a
candle cuz you thought it was food
no I happened oh well I have okay okay
interesting interesting
I'm mixed on this what are the
ingredients mm-hmm sugar oil mm-hmm dad
meet dad me preemie though artificial
everything contains wheat soy and though
I think I like it I like it better than
the watermelon Oreos which are fucking
disgusting why would anyone think the
little good at I don't know the peanut
butter Oreos which were tasted like
grandma's dentures I think these are my
favorite of the fake Oreos so you know
real but I take away your you know any
of doing what am i doing it just tastes
like a little bit of pumpkin pie in a
little bit of daddy sandwich wait you
know what you are gross that's you but
you know what you are you're my pumpkin
or I Love New York
all right on a scale of 1 to 10 I'm
gonna give these Oreos an 8 um and I'm
also gonna give them an 80 because
that's how many just yeah hopefully what
do you give it 3 Oreos 3 or out of what
I'm 14 okay
I also shout out to Danielle she made
cookies that had our movie on it not
really Dickie holy this I give these a
fucking aneta pen yeah chanting baby did
you really this is for Danielle everyone
stop watching besides Danielle honey did
you really
sweetie are you serious yeah all right
you guys dopey up my name of this way
been with you go check out your channel
and it will be did or my place will link
my total um and thank you guys wait so
much fun he's just eating swimming I
actually kind of like to or I guess when
there's food in my hand I just eat
whatever is
go ahead and put your dick in there okay
I actually really want to suck your
balls
thanks guys are you guys okay my
nightmare bad that make sure to go down
with the movie I know you probably did
but you haven't what the fuck you're
missing out on this you're gonna see a
lot of that I take my clothes off and he
takes his clothes off in it there's a
penis in the Mogu so if you want to see
down there Gary it's not his mine is
small I'm a really small penis thanks
guys
thanks guys guys I love you and I'll see
you tomorrow question of the day having
tried these and what do you think on a
scale of 1-10 what do you think or out
of 14 Oreos I'm in a girl tuna or yellow
or something where may her areola all
right Ariana Grande a man Ariana Grande
I don't think you did somebody's either
they shipped me with Ariana Grande well
I heard about that yeah bye
I feel like I might have touched on this
before but I have a pretty severe case
of body dysmorphia now I know what
you're thinking Shane why are you
talking about this do a challenge video
that's more interesting well I'm talking
about this because I know a lot of you
guys out there might be dealing with the
same type of thing and I want you to
know that you're not alone
