I look like a mad scientist and I'm okay
with it
I Wow I ever seen Dustin and I don't
know how to do my hair right now that's
not my fault it's just growing and I
don't really know how to deal with it
you know me and my hair we're kind of
going in separate directions you know
I'm going this way and my hair's going
this way who knows if we'll ever meet
again we'll probably just keep on going
our separate ways and eventually it will
leave me and I'll be bald hey guys today
I wanted to make a different kind of
video this is weird for me because I
haven't done one of these in a long time
where I've just kind of shared something
about myself the last time I did this
was a few years ago when I talked about
my depression and it helped a lot of
people and I thought I would talk about
something today that might help some
more people
I uh well I feel like I might have
touched on this before but I have a
pretty severe case of body dysmorphia
now I know what you're thinking Shane
why are you talking about this do a
challenge video that's more interesting
well I'm talking about this because I
know a lot of you guys out there might
be dealing with the same type of thing
and I want you to know that you're not
alone and I want you to know that even
you know big youtubers with lots of
views winner even they have shit that
they're going through and yeah it might
help you feel a little less alone and I
want to tell you about it I'm gonna tell
you how I'm dealing with it so yes I
look in the mirror and I see a huge
person I see me in a fat suit basically
and it's been like that ever since I
lost weight when I was 18 I lost like a
between 150 and 200 pounds and you know
when I lost all that way I thought oh
this is this is perfect when once I hit
my goal weight I'll be happy and I'll
take my shirt off at the beach and I'll
you know be just like all those people
on those tampon commercials they're
always running around happy wearing
white that's how I thought I was going
to be and that didn't happen I lost all
the weight and I was more depressed when
I lost the way than I had ever been and
once again I'm gonna go deep into this
so if you don't want to hear it and
you're like this is depressing please
check out my other videos there's a lot
of fun ones lots of me and some other
dude kissing and eating cinnamon go
check those out huh I I just I don't
want to talk about this because I wanted
okay Amos I was actually more depressed
when I had lost weight because it wasn't
what I wanted I wasn't happy with my
body I had you know extra skin and and I
had basically you know created this
thing in my head where I couldn't eat
anything and I had to go to the gym ten
hours a day I had to you know I was I
was obsessed with losing weight it was
what I knew how to do so once I had lost
all the weight I didn't know how to stop
obsessing over it so over the course of
the next three years I think between
ages 18 and 20 21
it's literally consumed my life all I
thought about was how fat I felt losing
weight I hated the extra skin I was in a
severe depression over it because you
know I felt like oh I'd lost so this way
but I still hate my body and I can't
take my shirt off in public and I can't
wear tight clothes because you can see
my folds and and um and I was I was not
not in a good mental place you know and
I wasn't really dealing with it I wasn't
going to therapy I wasn't talking to my
friends nobody knew I would just go home
at night after hanging out with my
friends and I would just cry in my bed
and you know I let my cats lick my tears
which is not comforting because their
tongues are sandpapery about a year
after that I saved up enough money to
get the skin-removal surgery which is
where they took 15 pounds of skin off of
my body and I thought oh this will this
is the answer I will get all the skin
removed and I'll look like a normal
person well got the skin removed and I
was left with a lot of scars and I
couldn't move for about a month and a
half because if I moved did the doctor
said my body could split open because of
all the stitches and shit so I gained
like 25 pounds or something because I
couldn't move and then I was back where
I started was depressed that I felt that
in my mind where and I still wasn't
dealing with it now still just in my
head about it then I lost that weight
and over the over the course of you know
from then until now work up and maybe
six months ago I was literally just
yo-yoing gaining ten pounds
gaining 10 pounds losing 10 pounds doing
a juice cleanse stop doing juice cleanse
eating chocolate no more chocolate and
you guys have seen in my vlogs I mean I
talk about food a lot I talk about going
to the gym a lot and I I'm I'm tired I'm
so tired I'm so tired of caring and I'm
so tired of of just tired about a couple
months ago I started seeing a therapist
and talking about not just this but a
lot of things you know just trying to
get my head in the right place and this
is a big issue for me this whole body
dysmorphia thing the way I've been
dealing with it lately is just trying to
be easier on myself and not be so hard
on myself and and not obsess about going
to the gym and trying to just letting
myself be me and not forcing myself to
become something I'm not which is a
supermodel that's not going to happen
especially now I'm 26 years old so even
if I did like get a bunch of six-packs
and muscles and shit I'm you know I'm
too old to be taking my shirt off well
not I have to beat you I'm talking about
like just you know taking pictures of
myself take my shirt off what are we
talking about you get back on track so
the reason I'm making this video is
because I know that some of you guys out
there might be feeling the same way
about yourself your body and not just
that but other things maybe you have a
big nose maybe you hate your hair maybe
you hate something about yourself and
you keep trying to change it you keep
trying to you obsess over and you look
at yourself in the mirror and you're you
wishing you could be something else than
you're trying to interact I'm trying and
it's funny when I was fat I was sad
about not making movies and I was
depressed about being poor and I was
depressed about not having a job and I
was depressed about you know not being a
famous comedian and all these things
that I wanted when I was fat and now
that I'm not that I have all of those
things I made a movie I have the
successful YouTube channel I have all
you supporters I have a great girlfriend
I have amazing friends I can take care
of my family I have all these things but
now I'm depressed about my body
it's fucked up search cycle you know it
is just it just proves to me that no
matter what there's always going to be
something you know and how do you deal
with that well I don't know yet
I'm trying to figure it out and if you
guys are feeling the same way you know
just be easier on yourself and beat
yourself up so much that's what I'm
trying to do I was going to go to the
gym tonight it's 1:00 in the morning and
I was feeling fat and I was feeling
depressed and I was like I'm going to go
to the gym I got to get up in like three
hours to go to work and I was like you
know what I'm not going to be sorry
myself I'm not going to go to the gym
I'm gonna vlog and I'm going to go to
bed because if you keep beating yourself
up eventually you're going to die
actually you're going to beat yourself
up to death and that's not good so I
don't know what the point of this video
was I mean I do but I hope it came
across I hope I didn't just come across
like I'm telling you about my problems
because maybe I should just see my
therapist more than once a week but just
know that you're not alone and I love
you guys and I hit six million
subscribers that's really crazy that's
insane and exciting so thank you guys
for that yeah anything else I want to
tackle in this weird blog I don't think
so
alright you guys way to go I love you
don't be so hard on yourself in the
comments just you know I don't know what
to ask I don't really have a question of
the day today no I don't have a question
you know I don't even want you to leave
a comment I just want you to click off
this video and go to the mirror and look
at yourself and say hey you're not that
bad
I'm fuck you I mean if we were married
because you know where you we have
morals okay I'm below you but that's
fine that's fine we could blow each
other we go blow each other but you know
like we'll wait till marriage to do each
other or until we're bulking up or until
we're over the age of 18 this just got
weird
I reckon we just parked where we
shouldn't run where we shouldn't park I
mean top right there this is intense I
just like Cloverfield
