drew is very sad right because I posted
like two or three pictures on Instagram
with me and him today and when we walk
into big Connie's like how come how come
like nobody like not even one person was
like oh there's drew from Shane's
Instagram I don't talk like that I've
never heard the song before I've never
heard the song before oh that's your
part
ready ready okay here guys yes we are
hanging out again cuz that's a winner
hmm okay I guess we're hanging out we're
going on Trish Paige's house yeah we
forego the Sun though don't see too
chicken going some jetting off our game
three later um and we're gonna that we
could honestly I think she think to be
down I'm 100% sure that she'd stick a
banana up her honk oh honey no oh yes
very excited we're gonna hang out we're
gonna go get some food we're gonna talk
we're gonna play we're gonna pop some
Molly's and we're gonna play twister
though I get ready it's gonna get crazy
right I'm really good at twister arcs
right really I feel like it played it a
few times like at a husband I was always
like afraid I'd be turned on I was
always afraid to be tough strong like I
was always afraid that somebody would
touch something and feel my back fan go
I'm glad he's living his Bluebell you
don't close your eyes you don't know
what they're touching dad you can tell
me to be a mat right it's somewhat
weight but you know they paints they
paint circles on to make a man's body
how much is that hooker in the window hi
I want to see your pussy yeah and you
got me ready now no no no no I got a
only got the good part be good
I'm looking fella you brought him out
though we're matching yeah I gotcha now
my boobies balls always out it's
Halloween because I know you won't
what's up to October so I pulled my
Freddy shirt right now he's coming out
of your bell sleeve and the Freddy was
like I'm here and they ripped out of it
how are you doing I'm great how are you
we're just like challenged we're like
talking like where we should we go where
should we go food our pizza yeah you
know I like pizza but I don't live for
pizza no he'll have even injury I I eat
it but I'm like I'm not living for it
I'm like don't you like Peter you go
oh look like a snack though it's like a
meal right like sushi like it look
kidding me pizza is the classic American
did you oh you need a self
Oh we're gonna find grant working and
then juicing the crack is not gonna be
pizza pie
I just ate another abortion I am NOT
nowhere to my mom tries to have me think
you look spotlight though I'm bringing
me here hey guys we're here at you right
now and we're eating a lot of bad stuff
and having fun it's started yet the bad
stuff this is like intro kind of okay
stuff yeah isn't that man this is
vegetable yeah yeah I learned that too
the food pyramid though yeah this is
like healthy so today we're talking
about our penises and we're telling the
truth and me and you're kind of it don't
start talking about I'm not going to
talk about it but what if something's me
and you kind of feel like we might have
the same penis we have the same size PS
for sure you think I don't know if it's
the same flaccid size but it definitely
the places they go they easy they hit
the same roads they both go into vaginas
ways easy no no what I'm saying is that
they there's an a there's an end game
and they they take different trains
there but they get to this a chicane
okay I love it that poisonin living for
the train penis
straining look you choose mystery and
partners clap shoot you I think we think
that because we're both like not super
crazy confident but we're also both not
that not confident we're just kind of
like we know we're fine
we have nice penises I think me and her
also had the same diamond yes we do
we've compared it's nice yeah the spots
are there three fingers once inside
junior fun wait what I mean what we
fingers a heart attack
I can only I love my little pinky oh I
guess managing cuisine sorry damn I love
that they're playing add a light a
doughnut place right oh yeah she's had
four so am i I can say that that's very
true we are here I'm very excited I love
a big jellies iana me just like a lot of
cellies let's look at nutrition facts
let's see what we're working with
okay Oh 5,000 calories per donor perfect
okay all right we just parked where we
shouldn't run where we should park any
pop right there this is intense
I just like Cloverfield we're gonna get
a ticket how do you feel I feel fucking
a lot of you online see if you put your
hands up would you
I picture stuck I bet she died him hey
I'll guess what uh-huh thanks guys it's
me Trish yeah big slut though that I
need you guys sure to my naked body on
that okay I wish I had chose with my
naked body and there she gets career
them oh this is what's out there date
it's like prom you only like me I can't
right just let me off camera that's true
okay I'm not recording anymore I'm not
recording anymore okay I'm kidding
this couch be big oh my god literally
though Oh always on me in the vlog oh
wait and my boobs just fell on my top
okay um your boobs are on my top love it
though how do you say it look like today
hallmark gossler yeah Paul Walker cuz
what he Shane did the most badass thing
now yeah I literally we were like oh
there's no partying oh but there's
parking that lot oh but the lock is but
the lot is locked boom faster yourself
right over drew was in the trunk and
flew up it was big it was fucking dude
were you heard sure I do
was hard so I look like Paul Walker and
then who do you look at you I look like
Justin diamond but also but also Tina
from Bob's burger is kind of though kind
of though I'm gonna make a video on it
don't you should you should don't spoil
it
don't worry won't go operate that's not
true my vlogs are always real time
I put my vlog up and then like later oh
hey guys
hanging out the end of the night I'm
tired I'm gonna go to bed question of
the day what's your favorite terrible
show to watch ours is Big Brother
Joe is so depressed watching it it's not
the worst thing ever it's the best thing
it you dumb people doing stupid things
that's what we did it's like our vlogs
all right you guys depending the busy
offending with you I might either
grocery not good God sing a lighter bye
love you ah ah give any dollar no change
nothing
