give me your dick
sounds kind of gay I disagree heads
because yes I am back with mama with mom
we looked an icon of Tim what do I look
right in there where does it okay Emma
Iowa town by comparison you look how I
know I'm kidding you look great too
not tan yeah today we're going to be
doing truth or dare okay who is excited
I'm nervous nervous that's always
nervous so house can work is we are just
going to play it I don't have any rules
all right so it says type your name so
I'm gonna put mama and then for me I'm
gonna put baby this is gonna get real
weird Obama does have to kiss baby
yeah all right sister shake to start
it's like well those eight balls huh
when I grew up there was this balls and
you should it would say stem maybe maybe
that's not what we chakra okay baby
truth or dare I'm gonna go with damn oh
no my dare is to give a lap dance to the
person to your left
no I think what we need it's amusing
give any dollars no change nothing I'm
just trying to get that confident in me
in what hahaha don't ask
alright mom truth or dare I don't think
I want to do a dare so tell the truth
have you ever went skinny-dipping yes
when your dad not have to listen okay
I'm gonna do another dare oh yes you're
the one doing dares slap the player to
your left in the face as hard as you can
no no
no shame here please what would I got in
his face I saw one of those I'm kidding
I wasn't just one to see if you'd be
into her
no make up a song on the spot about the
other player oh okay do not mmm yo yo yo
I'm sitting next to my mom oh she used
to have a boyfriend named Tom know what
why not and then one time she was
sitting on the John and then her ass
exploded and blood went everywhere and
it was gross she has IBS build it hi mom
truth or dare I never see him again
come on just do one all right Oh can't
be nothing weird honey your dance on
your lap okay
good Eve don't she single everybody
thunderous I dare you to smell the foot
of another player oh I can do and you're
my kid
well you don't my foots baby well but
you're always the you know oh look at it
oh it's a hole in it and the hole is for
my toenail give me your high dynamic
you're looking good all right cold
smells like detergent I know I did
laundry today oh no it's good deputies I
cheated here for me I'm gonna go with
the no dare oh my dare is give the other
player a raspberry you know what that is
right yeah for the creepy with you
notice it yeah all right let's see Oh
what are you doing I'm giving you what I
thought it's just no that's a partner
it's nice here you're gonna touch you
yeah why we get you 92 mark
no what what do you think I want to do I
don't know yes I'm not gonna die look at
the bite you know
alright you dare yummy dude in yeah all
right going dare I dare you to pretend
like you're in a club and give me your
best pick-up line from the club
perimeter okay then that kind gettin
eaten what do you think it's part of a
song oh I'm sure like not spontaneous I
feel terrible okay hurry he's right here
he looks like Drew Carey I don't know
your time Oh Lord Harry walks up to you
he's he's a comedian and he's drew Carey
Hey look right here ah drew yeah I know
how to make you max shut the club down
so good job I think we're good I think
we've covered this there you guys go
Oh Jesse truth or dare game leave us
something truths and dare is down in the
egg they're gonna say don't ask mama no
your dears were great oh I'm so sorry
and she's once again she's single and
she'll make you laugh you guys have been
funny with us we have funny with you
make sure to give me a thumbs up make
sure to subscribe if you want to if you
don't suck a dick and I will see you
trying that out see you tomorrow
look yes ah she really helped me to
create a look that resembles how I feel
on the inside 98% of my life just
because I'm smiling doesn't mean I'm
happy I also have an angry resting face
so it kind of works both ways
