yeah to bomb , we talk about the things
that are blowing up on the Internet
I have been gone for two weeks and Shh I
know that you missed me I know that you
probably missed me more than America
miss Twinkies when we first heard that
they were going to be discontinued but I
am back our 20s back that was a terrible
metaphor because I did not think it
through just watching the video where
people get sexually harassed on the
internet and it was one of the most
hilarious things I have ever seen says
no one I as well as the majority of the
internet had quite a few issues with the
three-part Sam pepper trilogy of sexual
harassment pranks kind of but they're
supposed to be a moral you know what
this is a pretty touchy subject so I
think a better person to handle it would
be me at a desk in a blazer
you've probably heard at least a little
bit about the whole Sam pepper pranking
situation but if you haven't I'm going
to break down quickly for you right now
Sam pepper a pretty well-known youtuber
released a prank video where he is
secretly pinching girls phones as he
says in a British accent Sam then
released a second video which he claimed
to be part two of three where girls are
pinching guys butts what fun Sam then
released part three of his epic trilogy
of which he reveals that all of the
people whose bums were pinched were
actors and they were participating in
the social experiment willingly salmon
goes on to say that the whole video
concept trilogy social experiment is to
raise awareness for female on male
domestic violence yeah a lot of people
are still thinking that Sam only made
that third video to cover his bum not
from being pinched good day Sam pepper
good see you not sure if you have heard
of the sky but youtuber and director
Shane Dawson
his debut feature film not cool and it
turns out he lied he lied massively
because the film is actually pretty cool
because my movie's not cool is finally
out I've been working on this movie for
over a year and and I have been talking
to you guys about it forever and I am so
excited for you guys to actually fucking
see it the movie is currently number
five on the iTunes movie charts for
comedy and number fifteen overall and it
is so exciting that I'm gonna throw a
pillow shaped like a macaroon yeah if
you like Shane and have hands that are
too small for the iPhone 6 plus so
basically everyone you can purchase the
film for $9.99 using the link in the
description I'd recommend doing it
because the consequences are death sight
but you'll miss out on a good movie
which is not similar but also bad this
week on youtube I learned how to do my
very own back to school makeup courtesy
of the infamous beauty guru grace Helbig
she really helped me to create a look
that resembles how I feel on the inside
98% of my life just because I'm smiling
doesn't mean I'm happy I also have an
angry resting face so it kind of works
both ways most of you are back to school
I assume I thought today I would do a
makeup tutorial specifically for going
back to school when you don't want to go
to school this is my back to school get
out of school makeup tutorial and makeup
tutorial design to make you look like
this something that doesn't look healthy
or capable of handling education on any
level and for those very few people who
actually want to go to school here's a
makeup tutorial from actually literally
honestly the best beauty guru ever
literally hey guys it's sexy Lexi 12
here and today I'm gonna be teaching you
how to go back to school see something
that is really hot this fall season and
for back-to-school is ex
accessories I wouldn't want to go to you
overboard on the accessories like I just
have one accessory and it's for murder
the next thing that you're gonna want to
do in order to prepare to go back to
school and to make yourself look better
is open it up and then just bronze
yourself this is definitely going to
make people think that you won third
place at some kind of event I wouldn't
even go much more than that
this fall season is all about like
toning things down you just want it to
be very basic and very much just like
exactly what it is to be nothing less I
mean me dizzy
it'll also help you get the boys or the
girls depending on what you're into
thank you so much for watching this
beautiful episode of bomb.com hopefully
we didn't hit you with our awesome
Internet shrapnel I have more energy
than usual today why if you did enjoyed
this episode make sure to give it a
thumbs up or I'll tell you no I won't
unless I do you can also head on over to
use you got con special X's cheese also
check out my latest video here's the
tiny preview you can also subscribe to
my channel and click any of the links
down in the description to follow me on
my journey through life and social media
question of the day what are your
thoughts on a whole Sam pepper
video drama I already said my thoughts
earlier and I want to hear yours because
this is a two-lane Street with lots of
pretty scenery
