guys guess why yes we're so excited
because you just released the other
thing we have I'm really excited it's
called my comeback I directed the music
video it's really good it's on his
channel I'm so excited and I want you to
watch it
here's the clip
it's really good so to celebrate the
release of your first big epic fucking
music video I thought we should make our
own song are you prepared for something
no okay so here's the plan we today are
going to try to write a hip-hop song to
the top jump up the charts come on a
charts pitch try these like alternative
rock adult yeah yeah so I thought oh
honey I'm just going to tell you what's
not good thank you
so I thought we would try to write a
song today make something really awesome
and then maybe make a music video of our
own okay so what is this this board is
actually from the 80s you can jam on it
you can choose any but this one's called
chop chop rule is this copyrighted is
that good great lies okay so we're going
to try to write this song I feel like we
should incorporate like really hip words
like shook and Queen we have to be the
main word so this is like we probably
recorded okay you go here and you can
make any sound you want or we can make
it synthesizer
whoo how does that sound
I only okay so on the grab a pen I
didn't go to USB by the way this is
goodwill I don't want people to think
that I'm college educated we're not we
are not I went for one day Oh beat chest
so where do we want to incorporate Queen
guy rap in it I was thinking of dual
that or queen battle for the pros
I actually am ready to give up the
throne to you you deserve can we
incorporate for my girl because it's my
favorite yeah we can put that in there
from 10 year
you know you want to know listen oh mai
gerd is don't you don't I only know that
is but do you even know that no it's
like when you're saying a word but you
say it like dirt and you say like we're
wearing a shirt or we put that in the
video right now we're adding it for my
GERD sure blip blip it shook it slit the
Queen's have not quit okay I love it
okay well let's like go through some
sounds I guess but you gotta clear out
our sound okay so what are you looking
for like a synth bass I know you went to
high school I know you weren't involved
in extracurricular but you might have
heard the bands playing a lot of
instruments there was oh yeah oh they
also have see the pillar strings
mmm bell tolling done I know this is
crazy
yeah I'm kind of thinking like a shake
it off Taylor Swift life okay I don't
know exactly how to do that I'm not a
genius
I don't know wait I like that oh these
are good you what oh I like that do you
like that so serious
who's got kind of fun well should we go
keep fucking going
forgive me get on my feet take away I
should pull a can't be bought
I love the rising I mean I can't stop
living in a hot dog undershirt literally
turn around oh my God look at me like a
Taco Bell this has been here for three
days I have a soft taco and some of it
comes out onto the floor I look like it
looks like when I shit Taco Bell you can
leave the studio we don't need your help
doctor look um who has to come to that
blue these are making me washes fucking
pop my pussy like when I hear this I
imagine like I'm at Starbucks and I'm
just like like in your headphones or
these that's like an aggressive or like
Oh baby thank you Alex
so so far on my lyric lips I have
written down Queens are my girl it shook
and color oh hello should definitely be
the beginning or the end
yeah hello remove haha fuck oh my god
that's a hit is that a hit oh my god
this did some sleep it's on video that's
good it's just something to be good ooh
ooh this is fucking hard oh my god oh my
god put him on like macklemore shook
good action what are you doing you know
this is how far every time you're doing
like a tummyache coming on if you just
need to like release the gas if you sit
like this it helps just all come out
never has allies like about my baseball
do it
it's a supercharged look how she does in
this video oh my god this is so
beautiful
yeah that's what I wanted and she's
letting to rub gosh oh jesus is quaking
I'm kidding gotta look the fact that
that was real and you felt like you
needed to say it maybe in the beginning
it should be up saying look like a
little like this a shame yeah this is
true
yeah - laughing oh okay oh my God look
at this setup hello indeed $400 for no
reason wait what does I can do this is a
microphone we would this is my new
church hello friends and family and
welcome to Sunday worship who give me a
little been a Lynn your hands the one
using your hands and having your feet
tell me how much left that one what's
the point of this song like we're the
Queen's working I don't know if we're
going to find a point I don't know like
the Queen's offer the Queen's have just
stopped already or like the pins are
getting ready for a night out
yeah but where are we going I mean I
we're going to Chipotle literally that
and we're going to see what I actually
can't be Oh girls yeah oh my god
it is gay aliens if arrives on earth
ready being you know you need what the
word injury yeah yeah we're talking to
each other like we're on the phone
getting ready to go see Brooklyn oh my
god hello good way so that you should be
on that oh yeah I'm talking outside so
now we're writing down the lyrics so
ginam we gonna eat a girl's can better
know I read like a shout-out to Queen
Latifah oh she's the third Queen become
this yes you call me is she on fiber why
don't we let incorporate the fact that I
prize it as you can
I am she picks me up finish right
because I don't know how to drive
oh my god love the line we go Elgin full
tank what to the Rhine or quick
vinaigrette burrito go ahead to Portland
for a burrito to do
now be checked pendejo but under the
background do we get a little watch
thinking again ready
she me in his bro cuz I don't know how
do drop you don't need that not that
much something like that oh no actually
that drinking fuck you want to do yeah I
took a miracle pill that changes your
taste products and in the everything
power suite and I literally enjoy being
wined you do so you do stuff from your
videos in your life I'm literally making
galaxy blender 3 a.m. for the Bell cool
that you like it the fact that you like
bullshit like that late on a solo shot
cuz I don't know how to drive
burrito Chipola up pretty problem easy
so this is what we're thinking maybe
just like a scratch track yeah what what
the party it was a demon um yeah I will
packed by a demon a few years ago and he
pops up whenever I'm making something I
need to fuck with that first licker okay
Shane were watching you while you're
sleeping
Shane would be oh you're gonna hear that
all night my laptop's come up here in
your house real now we can't contend
angle okay this is becoming routine -
yeah are we fucking cute right now it is
everyday bro when you think about it I
mean we text every is that it I mean
like were friends
day like this every day bro leave you in
that job DTV oh my god
oh that's good I think you should do
that right let's can see good trip
delicious is fucking reality social good
fuck it ok we're finishing this song
what if the ends was like us coming back
home
we'll get on the couch we try not Apple
TV and then how does it end like let's
make it out you and me this whole time
I've been hit King ha ha ha
what if it when we mean way more watch
Apple TV and I'm like is this diet coke
for me and you're like hell yeah grad 1
2 for me and then ride in from them he's
like do you mom make in that three and
then you guys like cuddle together and I
like when why I'm Mikey I'll be coming
up yes I don't know if I
completely falsely come out which not
totally I mean I'm so curious by what I
want to know pops our island yeah you're
needed for a verse this is my moment
what the mix isn't done I'm concerned
because you guys are talking about
grocery but I can convince no.10
straight we're lying for the song and
then that's when you come in and you
save me I'm making that three all right
three two hey do u mod make a mess three
what was that moment at the end three I
think I need one more take
hey do you mind making meth three okay
guys the song is officially done and we
are ready to make a music video time for
the shoot time for the shot shot shoot
get some shots and oh my god I got a new
song that report
oh yes we want to shoot the music video
but you guys will see the finished
product
right now here's the world premiere of
just two queens
me up in his right cuz I don't know how
to try to Chipotle burrito and now we
check in and then go we have to go see
grow strip Queen Latifah sugars fuckin
what they wanna be what they wanna be be
stinking in the tree just to be is this
diet before me please grab one for me
make that three
my King King King King King let's go I
don't know what's using videos because
we haven't filmed it but I hope it was
good it was definitely good we wouldn't
show it to you if it wasn't good but
hopefully you guys enjoyed that weird
fucking music video please go over to
Drew's channel subscribe and check out
his new music video for my cold eyes oh
my god decide to do Spotify I drink
music video I'm really proud of it it's
an incredible song you guys are going to
love it so please please please go check
it out I'll put it links down there and
we're just going to go be two queens and
go see girls trip again one more time
just what a charm see you tomorrow
Oh
