hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another episode of what the fuck news
my name is destory and I'm a typical
white girl I love pumpkin spice
everything pumpkin spice lattes pumpkin
spice cupcakes
pumpkin spice condoms you name it but
this is what the fuck news we talked
about the very fucking weird side of the
news that you may have missed in the
last week and the first story I want to
talk about today is the news revolving
around Sam pepper Sam pepper is a
youtuber who's gotten a lot of negative
attention in the last couple of days
because of a prank video he uploaded of
him on the street touching random
women's butts I dunno if it's that way
what's the hell I think fuck did you
just write so like a bit further down
there and then I would not do that come
on it was is I think it's that Kevin
things that just look past since the
video has been flagged and taken off of
YouTube and it was met with a ton of
hate and anger from the YouTube
community with a lot of people on the
internet wanting to lights and peppers
pubes and testicles on fire a lot of
people being Sam's fans try to defend
him saying nah guys this was really
funny hahaha no it's sexual assault dog
a ton of other youtubers have expressed
their own opinions on the matter saying
things like I'm saddened by Sam peppers
new video sexually harassing women is
vile to begin with but normalizing it by
calling it a prank so harmful banned Sam
never from the internet forever what a
moron oh it's cool guys don't worry Sam
peppers uploaded another sexual assault
video to excuse the first one he's
learned his lesson in reaction to he's
reportedly been banned from public
events like VidCon and playlist live
which Hank green even tweeting for
people asking it's safe to assume that
people who sexually assault women in
prank videos will not be welcome at
future VidCon since the video Sam has
tried to defend his actions by saying it
was a social experiment focusing on
sexual harassment saying if women did
the same thing to men it wouldn't make
news and look I've never watch these
guys videos I don't want to jump on the
bandwagon I'm hating against this guy
for no reason but regardless of who you
are how huge you are on the Internet
sexual assault is not a joke spreading
awareness of it by doing it and then
laughing after it while you have
millions of fans seems like not really
the way you want to go about that but
you know ignore what the fuck news
last a news reporter quit her job on air
by saying fuck it I quit and then
leaving now everything you heard is why
I the actual owner of the Alaska
cannabis club will be dedicating all of
my energy toward fighting for freedom
and fairness which begins with
legalizing marijuana here in Alaska and
as for this job well not that I have a
choice but fuck it I quit apparently the
incident occurred because the woman
reporter Charlo Greene revealed that she
was the owner of the Alaskan cannabis
club and admitted that she'd be spending
most of her time fighting for the
legalization of marijuana in Alaska and
then has basically said fuck it I quit
actually I guess you didn't basically
say fuck it I quit she literally she
literally said fuck it I quit fuck it I
quit this is honestly the best way to
quit your job in the history of quitting
your job my favorite part about this
video is when the news anchor after she
quits is like all right we apologize for
that we will be right back in her mind
she's like oh shit
next in what the fuck news Jennifer
Lopez and Iggy Azalea came out with a
new song and music video called booty
which sounds like this
you
so many butts got what happened to good
old-fashioned music you know now all I
get to listen to any more fucking
anacondas and ass and wrecking ball man
I don't know
this video is seriously almost porn I
felt like I couldn't watch this video
around my girlfriend without the worry
of her breaking up with me I do have to
say one thing they do have a lot of
booty it would take about seven of Sam
peppers hands to assault those things
I'm sorry too soon the crazy thing to is
Jennifer Lopez is forty five forty five
five more years in this video women
considered grandma or not a joke like
Susan just imagine a fifty year old
woman twerking than anything good come
to your head when you think of that no
no it doesn't check out this ass oh my
god my hip broke and lastly in what the
fuck news the iPhone six came out this
last week and for some fucking reason
everyone in the world wants one but also
in iPhone six news a group of 4chan
pranksters made a convincing looking
advertisement called the iOS wave which
convinced a bunch of new iPhone users
that you could now charge your phone by
putting it any fucking microwave as
expected no one's iPhones got charged
and instead you got this a burnt nasty
six hundred dollar crisp and a ton of
dumb people like what the fuck Apple you
need to perfect your technology before
you release it god I don't think this is
supposed to have it someone help why
there's no warped Apple in the
advertisement it says rave contains new
drivers that interface with your devices
radio-based ban allowing it to
synchronize with microwave frequencies
and use them to recharge your battery oh
wow I know three of those words sounds
legit
what the fuck anyways though this has
been what the fuck news and the question
of the day for you guys is what is your
standpoint on the whole Sam pepper
situation whether you're a fan or not is
what he did okay because it was a social
experiment or not let me know in the
comments down below all of today's
stories as always are in the description
below as well as all of my links if you
want to see more of me and my homosexual
scarf make sure to subscribe to me at my
main channel at youtube.com slash
destiny there's a lot of shit on that
it's pretty crazy I don't know what that
was
anyways I will see you next week for
another what the fuck news and bear wins
