hey what's up you guys uh okay um I
don't really know how to do this video I
didn't really plan it out I didn't like
write it down because I didn't want to I
wanted it to be real up from my heart I
don't want to script it which I probably
should have because I'll probably be
rambling a lot but just know it's it's
heartfelt rambling um first of all I'm
not doing this video for money or I'm
not putting ads on this video there was
like a three-second ad for my movie but
that's because that's on all my videos
and I can't do anything about that I'm
moving my hands a lot that means I'm
nervous okay
sitting on my hands um this video is is
an apology and it's not a fake apology
I'm not nobody told me to do this if
anything people tell me not to do this
or like shame don't talk about this just
going to raise more attention to it it's
just gonna and but I want to I want to
raise attention to it because I want to
turn this around into a learning
experience because you know a lot of
people watch my videos and and a lot of
people can learn from my mistakes um a
lot of you guys probably don't know
what's going on or why thank you mister
you probably think I had nude pics
released which is not what happened that
is not what I'm talking about I'm
talking about something bigger okay okay
I just broke a toilet okay I actually
broke the toilet okay okay okay
that happened I'm not editing it out
this is real this is real okay
so this past few I'm going to have to
pay for that this past few days um
there's been a lot going on on Twitter
and Tumblr and a lot of other places
that my mom doesn't know how to find and
and basically saying that I am racist
first of all not racist but
this video is not me defending myself or
telling you why I'm not resisting I love
black people guys though it's not that
this video is me apologizing because I
understand why some people think that um
you know it's over the last god I don't
need to for a long time over the last
seven years I've once in a while like
once a year I get kind of a bombarded on
Twitter with you change races change
races then they'll post screen caps and
blog posts and all these things and I
ignore it and I just say I'm not racist
I ignore um and even in the bottom of my
heart I'm kind of like uh maybe I maybe
I have done something to offense it
maybe I did go too far no because my
audience isn't offended so I'm fine so
honestly what happened today was I read
it I actually read a blog about me and
about all the shit I've done and I read
the tweets usually I just ignore them or
write something sassy and I read them
and down really fucked me up and really
broke my heart and down and I'm glad
that it happened because now I can learn
and move on and hopefully help others
who are uneducated and ignorant when it
comes to this type of shit basically
what happened was some screen caps were
going around and some blog posts about
me doing blackface now for those of you
who don't know what blackface is
blackface is something that they used to
do a long time ago why people would you
know make their face black and they
paint their lips why and they make fun
of black people and it was really cruel
and horrible and I'm gonna be honest I
didn't really know what it was
up until literally a month ago um I knew
the term I didn't quite know any that
the historical you know background and
all any of that I just knew in my head I
was like that's not what I'm doing
because what I'm doing is I'm playing
Wendy Williams which a lot of the screen
caps that are going around her of me
playing Wendy Williams and me playing
weight and so on and
Chris Brown's up so for me in my head I
was like going on just becoming your
character I'm not making fun of the
burning plaque I'm just looking like
that using bronzer making myself look
like color you're doing like lending
which didn't offend my lights I never
got comments about it it was fine but it
that the biggest thing I learned was
that just because it doesn't offend my
audience doesn't mean it isn't offending
mass amounts of people outside of my
audience and that's what I should be
more aware of once again I did not write
this down
tamo pi√π mumbling and going in a line
to different but please stay with me I
promise there's an ending the complete
the pole toilets going to break that'll
be the ending anyways um so yes I made a
mistake and I should not have done that
shouldn't have put makeup on my face to
look black I shouldn't have done it
it was stupid it wasn't mean-spirited it
wasn't malicious it was just stupid and
offensive and a lot of people are upset
about it and I totally get it I totally
get it
and I think that's that's been the
hardest part is that I finally like you
know there's a squirrel on Twitter who
has really given me shit over the last
few years and and I always ignore it I
think I blocked her at one point I just
I'm like I want to hear it I'm gonna
finally read a couple of her posts and I
was like damn you know she's right you
know I I don't think she thinks I'm a
racist person I don't think I think
there's a lot of people who know I'm not
a racist person but that I was just
ignorant and stupid and I think that's
you know a lesson I needed to learn was
that I can't I can't expect everybody to
just be like oh she's not racist he's
just being funny like I can't just
expect everybody because not everybody
knows who I am or watches my shit they
just see those screen caps they see
those blog posts and they just assume
holy shit this guy's a KKK member kalium
you know and they have every right to
assume that because it those blog goes
really bad so I'm apologizing I deleted
it all
the videos that I could find of me doing
anything bad offensive you know and I'm
trying you know I'm trying to Tim Alon
and and to hopefully you know I think
the other thing too is that I I care
about you guys so much and I know that
sounds cheesy and I know every youtuber
says that I genuinely care so fucking
much about you so fucking I mean I flew
myself out here to New York and and I'm
meeting all of you guys this way I pay
for I'm meeting all of you guys this
weekend because I want to because I care
and I care about you guys so much that I
should care about what I'm teaching you
and if what I'm teaching you is that
it's okay to paint yourself black
because well that's just funny to play a
kid like if I'm teaching you that it's
wrong and I am sorry because I care for
you too much to teach you things like
that um what else do I want to cover
sorry my brain is melted I've been I
literally I I was on a plane when I was
reading all these blog posts and stuff
and I was started panicking I like
trying throw up a little bit my mouth I
I just I wanted to make a video right
then but I was in the middle a plane and
then the man next to me was coughing and
he kind of threw up a little bit and it
was weird and um I'm sorry I really
don't know how to say I'm embarrassed
you know I I should have done that and
you know listen there's a lot of videos
I've done that are offensive I've done a
lot of jokes about things people don't
joke about oh man well I mean you know I
grew up I was raised on Sarah Silverman
Lisa Lampanelli South Park I was raised
on all that offensive shit so that's
just my humor and sometimes I forget
that you know there's a line and
especially when your audience is young
probably shouldn't cross it too much and
I did and I've deleted I've deleted a
lot of videos over the last couple hours
that I felt crossed the line too much
and I'm embarrassed and I'm sad that I
need those videos so I don't know what
else to say because I don't know what
this is how a fake and cheesy so I'm
just going to end it with I'm sorry and
I wanna I did write down a couple
people's names because
I didn't want this I wanted this to feel
like a personal video less like a public
apology I don't want to do like when
Chris Brown was like I'm sorry for being
Rihanna and I don't believe in like I
don't want to do that kind of a video I
wanted this to be a little more personal
so I wrote down some names on Twitter of
people who were really offended and sad
by seeing me doing blackface so I wrote
them down I wanted to apologize to
fedora hippy it's a good name I like it
mage in pink and Simone Fiasco those are
just a few wrote down who were really
upset by it
and then also of course Francesca who I
talked about earlier in the video sorry
you know genuinely this isn't fake I'm
not I'm just I'm sorry and I think you
know this video space well I'm sorry
um I think the thing that really was
hard too is you know the movie just came
out and a review came out about it that
wasn't even about the movie was about me
because a movie is not effective look
into it it's not it's not any more
offensive than fucking neighbors or any
of those movies but this reviewer tore
me apart and basically called me
horrible horrible things including
racist because of my videos because of
my YouTube stuff not because of the
movie because there's no racism in the
movie there's a black hole boat eating
his own shit I didn't cast him I didn't
ask for a black hole oh I fucking
auditioned every race every kind of hobo
the funniest one was this black guy
named garbage bucket hilarious so I
picked him it wasn't like a thing why
was like a woman of a black you don't I
mean but because of my videos now every
choice I make people are going to jump
right to racist and that is the
punishment that I get that is deserved
and it's going to take me a long time to
to get away from that and it sucks but I
you know that's what it's what I got to
deal with and hopefully at some point in
my career I will be able to have people
not look at me like that like the
offensive shocking YouTube back because
I'm not a nice person I just
make funny shit and the movies funny
it's not it's but now a lot of people
are going to give it a chance because I
think it's going to be horrible and
offensive and it's really hot but some
videos not about the movie by the way
don't I'm not trying to promote it dear
god now it looks like I am ok ok moving
I love you guys thank you for watching
sorry for anybody who have ever offended
you no sorry I'm going to go I don't
know what else to say
oh god is there anything I'm living out
I don't want I don't have to make
another bit because this is what I do
this is what I do I forget to say stuff
that I make a hole and I was going to
turn it to time ok I think I said it all
sorry
