give me your dick
sounds kind of gay I disagree I think
that's what it was
yeah something we're both about to
finger bang a chick who then she's up
there boo-yeah other way be more intro
difference like nachos at El Torito oh
my god I finger Vinglish we would always
thought sweet and we spent skip my bags
tiny and her this huge but you got to I
got to yeah how much was yours again my
cheap 150 it's not bad Hollywood an
island shout out to the guys - sure
who's cracking jokes he's like where you
from she's like here you live in the
mall
yikes hilarious not very sweet okay
we're gonna start like that's not candy
but I'm very excited it's right I hate
Harry Potter and I don't understand it
at all by butterbeer though we away from
a section cuz you've got all the gummy
is there anything good over here Zach
not really about a magical broom
oh I love them smells like balls mmm
whoa that's fucking sweet oh my god
literally like you're just drinking
sugar diabetes in a bottle oh the after
oh my god oh I don't like it yeah I
don't think so
try again peer pressure is easy just
drinking this pain is grown try to try
it
take some more I don't know that I don't
think I like that it's very sugary to a
point where it's I mean the holy shit
ever since Kim even a real bitch
honestly though Reza know how does
somebody called me fat yesterday's so
let's not talk about no sad oh that was
that was bad
so this I got I thought it look so yummy
dry - zombies skin
yeah it's like Tyra Banks feet skin you
wanna eat that it's like my hair that's
got home from work and she just like
ripped it off the bottom of her foot she
can't help it she's a she smell nope yep
nope yeah I'm not that my face
no God why'd you create that oh god no I
can't well I don't know
it looks like dried boogers oh no it's
salty oh how did you even God you had
are you kidding me let it boil living
for the undead though it's I think it's
healthy get some seaweed
oh it's seaweed sorry that I'm trying to
be healthy
alright well to spice it up a little bit
I got us something that I'm very excited
about all you want try these these are
all happy hippos now there it buzz okay
so happy hippos are like these little
hippos and then they're covered in stuff
and then I don't know but I always see
them in like Australian vlogs so it's a
little hippo and I really love them did
you get a killer oh good to eat it I
want to kill a hippo though you wouldn't
want to kill help yeah what you know
they're fat they already have enough
going against that it's true
click oh oh oh what oh I'd kill every
hip out you only not you're really
fucking good holy fuck
what is there I don't know about I must
suck the shit out of this hip hop
literally oh my god
dirty nasty little hippo you I could cut
her open I just broke her hip hip hymen
oh my god she's bleeding she's calm then
I got a side kitty cat oh wait what yeah
but the Chuck will start and they were
different celebrities and this is sight
is it open memmio style yeah do you
think it tastes like him no badge ah in
express this is fucking sweet back dream
huh it's just chocolate I feel out cuz
it's just milk jugs yeah that wasn't hot
just like the real side boring it over
it these look gross they're called
stickies and this is what I guess the
stores you know okay it says that
stickies are handcrafted beautifully
made candy for weddings oh it's a train
wet
I love it though all right here we go I
take you to be my ship mate oh use that
before oh I know you might say that like
cat rific ha ha all right here we go
these look really gross they literally
look like little STDs oh I take you to
be the aim to my training oh wait how's
the sticky I hate it ah I hate it you
put it how one that shit ah divorce
honey those shipwreck is legal iceberg
hated it moving on oh love it I'm sorry
I just got really excited I just trying
to do a zebra you love it zebra pop
point is every human it does got it no
oh my god I just decided to do like
popcorn and chocolate oh my god oh look
at oh what's it taste like popcorn hmm
the cupcake flavors oh my god okay yeah
it's gonna be the opposite of what that
was and it's gonna be disgusting you get
it no gravity let me for astronauts
though we got living for Sandra
Bullock's lesbian ever got though this
is frozen freeze-dried chocolate ice
cream with chocolate chips on I love it
if we're astronauts we could eat this
one day hey Oh while we're eating it
let's pretend to float around okay whoo
gravity how is it I don't think I like
that I don't know if I like that it's
the same way I feel about the movie
gravity I don't know I don't know
invisible chocolate how is this
invisible I mean I have a GED but I
don't know right like my brain don't do
that what if it literally was just a big
square that said like you're stupid
oh really that'd be sad wait do you
think it's gonna be a milk chocolate
okay invisible chocolate watch as the
chocolate bar disappears before your
very eyes
oh because you eat it really fast it's
literally the same as the gangam mm-hmm
Wow but I was at an invisible because
look it's disappearing wow you bought up
on the exact year totally invented that
candy
i gasolina I know you're gonna love and
I'm gonna hate trip wait I didn't bring
a Malian brother guys what is that is it
is your ships that are shrimp
I don't know but honestly gross oh my
god smells like Jesse a dick fucked and
then threw up on each other you should
love it
smell it I'm kinda into it I love sure
I'm honest you do it mmm-hmm
I love it I'm gonna hate it right you'll
love it you don't eat it you don't like
it it tastes like Red Lobster smells I
hate it Oh i'ma go lobster bands oh yeah
that's why you had to go eat something
else every day well I raised the
difference between the two
yeah cuz I fun to get the taste of dick
fish pussy out of my mouth
no I like big fish pushing my can my god
this cuz it's like a song with like
Jackie O that Laffy Taffy that means
pussy clip know everything that's it
nobody got Laffy Taffy b√ªche cake oh
that's your pussy why would you shake
your pussy I don't know
crazy shit shake your pussy pussy I mean
it looks like pussy have you ever eaten
this before pussy you're laughing at us
no I don't hear about your eating
Christie laughing taffy oh I think sorry
equally isn't there a joke on it yeah I
wouldn't trust you with my buzzing we're
not where's Joe see look joke answer
under flap when is the door not a door
but ajar fuck you laughs with happy wait
oh that's right answer oh yeah what it's
a turn wow that was great
wait there's another one what did the
ocean say to the sand victoy nothing I
just waved once again our cashier living
for he knows what they were doing the
joke's on you for taking the effect it's
lit all things the same
I can't just I wasn't I like better and
they're all the same yeah boy let's go
yeah if you hadn't see us open up the
rest of it which by the way I say it's
some really great shit um they go over
to her channel subscribe check it out
and uh question of the day what's your
favorite candy let us know down the
comments maybe watch it for you chubby
Jesu love it we didn't do anything
sexual this time uh we talked about
eating pussy like the entire time email
buzzing bitch you my pussy though you my
pussy though
Imam push you like that thank you Jeff
me too iTunes
aren't you guys see you god we actually
are constantly fighting there's just a
constant state of hate
yep like it's it's bad like I'll fight
like I'll be like what the fuck she's
like I don't know and then we started
yelling and there'll be like big
brothers on in this look okay
and then we get over
