give me your dick
sounds kind of gay
I disagree no okay hey guys yeah we're
doing a message that means now we're
gonna answer questions and that means we
have a dog and that also means that it's
gonna get real weird
no it's it's big hashtag it gets weirder
all right get the computer we want on
Twitter there yeah you know the deal if
you're new here really it's your day
because she's nothing here Carrie wants
to know is my question to be in your
video no it's gonna be in our video we
tell you didn't ask a question that's a
question is my question back that was
confusing next getting love you know
either once you know since Shane
actually which presentable now without
his mom top I resent that
is there a wedding obsess with us not
obsessive as obsessed with the idea of
us right Mary here's the thing guys why
do you care and then here's the other
thing
now the thing is it's not over well the
thing is well why about the whole
wedding thing why do you care about
weddings you're boring us ah
I mean that's not true
when saw buzzer rings are stupid and
expensive you have to like invite your
family which I hate now that we are
talking about it I think that maybe we
should talk about it next question
apple-pie wants to know which is more
likely to eat each other which being
liquid you need I mean the answers
always mean you would eat me in a hot
second honestly the thought of human
flesh going through my teeth sliding
down my throat into my esophagus burning
its way through my body to my stomach
feeling the energy inside of me at the
other person's body oh yeah
so there see you are honestly the
weirdest grossest person I've ever met I
love so much don't see wants to know
there's a rumor about loosening
fragrance oh I see it I see it in the
ah-ha-ha-ha-ha and then it hmm
why don't you tell them they were heard
of its journey I promise ugh
I am definitely most certainly a hundred
percent pregnant not right at all I just
have to boot there all right
I like I'm not pregnant right getting
pregnant I'm doing a promise speak for
yourself bitch anything less you know
how often do you guys fight every day
like we actually are constantly fighting
there's just a constant state of eight
yep like it's it's bad like all five
like I'll be like what the fuck she's
like I don't know and then we start
yelling and then I'll be like Big
Brother's on it
okay and then we get over yeah gonna
kinda limit Kings then we fight guys
like she wants somebody to win on paper
that I got a little very different
paintings were posted by team problems
know if you kiss anyone on YouTube who
would it be and why
I've kissed every year to forever silent
I'm so jealous I would want to make out
with no I just like you know I would
want to make heaven just Heather
hopefully yet yet I mean kiss Kingsley
yet I haven't kissed that guy with
dreadlocks who use who do you want to
kiss me oh my god I love me Molly I kiss
her and also community channel and then
also Jenna Marvel and then also her
boyfriend and then also her dog and then
also Smosh and then also nigga Higa and
also probably die Justine alright
whatever
go for it happen no one's gonna be as
good as me what's you to brag repeats
and then you did I got herpes and then I
gave every single youtuber groupies are
you serious that was a fart it was it
was that a soundboard up
what was that was it a sad trumpet what
was that that was so sad oh my god now
app that's not mad
absolutely can like share set it's okay
when you're pregnant things like that
Amy wants to know who's your favorite
YouTube couple sets off I mean oh they
were on my favorite I say my favorite is
who I like alia and Jacy they're cute
Oh 10 years old yeah but it's cute it's
not a couple when you're 10 years old
yes it is yes they are not to resume and
also sick young love and like they think
that they have so much love oh yeah
right because you get Liam JC if you're
watching us get ready it's gonna end it
a big hit ball of fire you're an APD
check you're gonna wish each other was
never born that's terror and then you're
going to be like 25 on 6 you go guys are
settled up and then everything else you
would you going to get there already fun
to be like this you guys will cut your
hair off and then you get married be fat
honestly though cutie pie his girlfriend
they're so cute oh so much hi guys okay
my name is ebony with your question of
the day who's your favorite youtuber
fucking bitch my fucking tip thank you
famous comment let me know and I'll see
you guys mom yeah I love it you want to
see more Ashley so go to Lisa's channel
we did it them over there
yeah we're the premiere of the premiere
look there's maybe there's things
there's Laura disco leaders everybody I
would
