hey what's up you guys okay before this
video starts yes I'm aware I'm wearing
the ripped shirt my face is great see
let's move on this video was recorded
last week before the movie was
officially out on iTunes for actual sale
and is out right now so you can go and
get the movie and watch it
finally it is not a pre-order it is out
so it is on iTunes Amazon Google Play
all that shit out put the links down
there and please please please get it
and support it I'm so excited and enjoy
the rest of the vlog give me your dick
sounds kind of gay I disagree oh hey
what's up you guys yes I'm very very
excited I'm nervous and stressed I'm
everything because tonight is the big
night
it is my oh my god I thought that was a
baby on the road okay it's a box it's a
box it's a box although that would have
been really interesting to see not that
I want to see you dead baby but I mean
can you imagine if it was that would
have been unforgettable speaking of
unforgettable
I'm so excited tonight is the big night
she's my movie premiere my first wall
set my first movie premiere cos I was in
smiley but it's the first premiere that
is a movie I directed and I'm so fucking
excited I could cry I'm not gonna cry
but I'm very excited and nervous and a
lot of people are coming all youtubers
are coming a lot of actors are coming a
lot of my friends are coming family my
dad is coming who you know I just
recently started like talking to him
again and trying to no build up my
family relationships more and it's just
a big night and I'm very very excited
and I hope everybody loves the movie so
we're gonna do it um and yeah well
alright guys we're in the car we're
getting ready to go yeah it's hot I'm
sweating whoo it's sweaty queer like
also the sunlight is like wow it's
really really hot we're gonna go we're
gonna hopefully get there on time and
then yay theater right now cuz cameraman
for the show he's my favorite he's doing
the sound he's wearing a backpack
there's a bunch of reserved signs on the
seats I'm freaking out
we're the premier premiere little even
asleep
oh my gosh my makeup there's lots of
smoky smoky right
she's like the smoke monster right about
is this lovely so there's this beautiful
please it's exciting my where do my
friends in Shark Tank deal with it guys
we're here got your crush right it's
everyone I haven't met Shark Tank yet
you have met Laura this very second
Ricky's here hey what's up thanks for
coming smooth alot so thank you for Mom
excited hey he took some of his
bracelets off I did there's only five
now instead of like wait hi hello how
are you I'm drew I'm Ricky
it's nice to meet you thank you yeah I
love filming for especially elegant huh
we're gonna need her yeah it's funny
it's looking at
oh my god mister crying
it's crazy out there
oh my god it's our kind it's
embarrassing I'm gonna speed up they
call my friends for know me all the
youtubers all people I've worked with
all the cast crew and everybody I'm
really really proud of this movie and
and I hope you like it and we laugh and
I hope everybody is happy that because
what you did but if I win
we just got out we got out of the movie
what you think
fuckin awesome buy that shit
motherfucker oh goodness Ida better
myself what you think mom ah amazing you
loved it I loved it I loved it I loved
it yeah that didn't feel fake so I'm
happy I'm happy what do you think man it
was the funniest movie I've seen today I
watch like seven movies ha ha ha ha I'll
tell you some of them were funny I liked
it yeah actually to be honest like a
little motion a lot of times yeah yeah
super proud it was I've seen it three
times now guys I want to act like it's a
secret like I've never seen it I just
saw for the first time was fucking
awesome but even the third time I saw
new things that I liked and it would be
crazy to me it wasn't successful boom
fucking murder people I watch a lot of
Criminal Minds and know a lot of Secrets
yeah so if you guys don't buy a Hummer
Durr you never know allegedly I'd murder
you allegedly
I'm we true did it we did it I just
started crying because I'm so proud of
you guys for frightening a little bit
yeah you're a little hard field a little
hard penis it's a little hard how did
everybody loved you
everybody loves me it's finally
happening finally I met I talked to a
man
talk to me about what happened then I'll
leave it at that
I do you member make it back how did it
go
not good no she said she loves you well
yeah I don't know I felt weird about it
and like I said some weird stuff then
one of your agents I told them you can
fuck my sister good hey guys I'm here
with get it now you love with videos yes
I do obviously what did you think of the
movie it was awesome I cried way more
than I shut up which is why my face
looks like shit what do you think people
should go get it I definitely can go
should I get it like now
go pre-order and get that shit to number
one yeah
this is the end of the perfect night hey
where are you says dose they're good
we're good we're good how are you doing
good uh yeah so we are here we're
enjoying at the end of the night it was
the best night ever fucking all
youtubers showed up on the friend showed
up all the family showed up you like I
put youtubers first yeah like jenna
Marbles game and the member no it was
really nice everybody supported it you
guys the movie is out right now please
go fucking get out on iTunes I would
love you forever you're gonna love it
people fucking loved it tonight like
loved it they loved you if you see this
movie there will be a few moments will
your bow wait they what no no shame dude
no he didn't in the movie I'll do that
mmhmm yeah they'll do that boy so right
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna get the
context I go diary on the toilet and
he's guys behind us are gonna talk
really loud cuz they've been doing that
all night
you
you
