canticles lovely haha isn't it
he's in the movie Hunger Games more like
thirsty games haha hands of you guys yes
I am back with Mama and really
uncomfortable I don't know oh yes I'm
back with my mom and today we're gonna
be doing the tumblr tag
you know what tumblr is no great what
we're gonna do is we're gonna go on
tumblr we're gonna search on Shane
Dawson's mom so you'll pops up and then
I'm gonna react to it okay are you ready
okay here we are so this is tumblr and
what I'm gonna do oh that's weird
hashtag fuck you huh yeah I definitely
wasn't looking for that are weird about
Shane Dawson mom Oh baby see if anything
pops up oh there I am
how I look here we are it's when we were
doing Gangnam style and I walked up to
you and said hey mom guess what
and you said what and then I say Gangnam
style that's lame okay what is this oh
this is when we were on the podcast
together I asked you get yeah you got
diarrhea look at the way you're lookin
at all - even touch him I mean he's like
10 years old so it's not I know Spencer
well maybe she ain't Dawson's mom oh
there you are oh look at your bill oh my
gosh I look you look
ooh licky licky you know it's matching I
have the same earrings oh oh oh oh my
gosh I pick on it on the same necklace
over this one only if you got a
spaceship because I'm hide oh ha ha you
said it you made me say it
yeah that's true all right well you
don't have that much going on a tumblr
which is a little depressing but it's
okay you're new to the tumblr game so
let's type in like what's one of your
favorite things
oh right now man I'm steady I mean I
know interesting math why not let's look
at math Oh boring Oh nobody just said
math professors
why is Daniel Otto in here maybe she
likes math too cuz hair clippers for the
plus demi lovato equals hmm kidding that
was me know why she I really don't know
is that
math or did she like math see I'm not
the only one okay let's type in let's do
Shane Dawson and see what pops up you
know it may be something interesting is
it Tyler
yeah that's Tyler Oakley remember you
said you want to eat us but it's stop it
you said that you whispering he's so
cute
who does this people do this a lot of
people take little things and put them
on there like where did all this come
from I have no idea okay
I think children and also old men they
make these right yes so like for some
reason they made this which says all of
our problems
oh yeah um some of which I don't think
are real mold your what would your thing
say hey panic disorder don't know why
you're laughing honesty a college
dropout suicidal self-harm bully
depression disorder the brain tumor a
social how about social anxiety okay I
get a little nervous you just picked it
up like it's a game okay social anxiety
for 100 okay great
I'll look Joy's sleep Joey everywhere
oops what the hell did I just click on I
think it i think it's enjoy what we went
to Joey oh god there's a lot of Joey
happening how do I get out of this no
there's like a half-naked boy all right
you know it might be even more
interesting let's just type in hashtag
youtubers and we'll see who you know and
who you don't oh all right Gina movies
title our top no you're cute
what do you think their names are it's
kind of like one of those things where
this guy would have a name like rich and
he's like Adam rich and Adam I don't
know he'll alright who do you think all
of these people are I smoke yeah uh and
the rest I I don't okay who do you think
that one is right there I don't know
okay what if I told you he has 30
million subscribers Oh
what about what about this girl hurt him
but just yeah all right who do you think
this guy is just Tyler Michael obviously
I know I don't know when he's he's
beautiful
what do you think his name is
ha she's beautiful uh hold out let's see
no I mean like beautiful the sometimes
boys are beautiful very beautiful I I
don't know Boyan say yeah yeah there you
go
alright who do you think he is he looks
like a young Jim Carrey oh I wouldn't
know he does but those I don't know okay
do you think he is he's kind of Snooki I
have a Snoop Dogg guy huh
what do you think is counts about we
wasn't right I don't face uh-oh maybe
who knows yeah the sudden Miley Cyrus I
feel like you've missed her oh my gosh
see what's going on in my this world
look she's Jesus oh oh goodness gracious
why do you think somebody would make
that I don't have an answer do you think
they want to kill her yeah but Jesus
rose again she just gone back oh okay
she's handling a lot of balls ha ha ha
like the wrecking ball basketball she's
into a lot of mice a lot of balls on
balls going on she's beautiful you know
I wish I look like you can look like
that yeah too much she's a lot of things
happened oh good gracious I need to take
her to church well she's already Jesus
oh she's fine oh oh yeah she definitely
did your church all right as a grand
finale let's just have been hash tag
gross see what happened here
all that's sad just the chips a bucket
kids okay
did I spell gross wrong oh my god sort
of want to shoot my sis is always saying
it yeah I don't want to cry oh god I
just saw something really sad and scary
I hate this I hate this one Oh get out
of it yeah I'm not really I just wanted
to see feet and boot well let's just
shove into this Oh shake I don't know
where will you be with that oh don't hit
home where will you be with diet your
finger Oh
yeah what's happened to kids funny yeah
let's put hashtag balls we were talking
about balls earlier oh I don't think
they could anything grows on here right
I hope not
yeah just a lot of dudes with hairy
faces choking on balls good good I was
scared
this is a weird son oh my God look
Aladdin well it's just I don't know why
me I that's a whole new world kids are
getting born nowadays right that's why
they're watching us where we go that was
our tumblr tag Wow question of the day
what hashtag should we look up next on
tumblr and show you I'm still thinking
about the food yeah no no your thing but
guys you guys okay with us we have fun
with you make sure to subscribe if you
want to if you don't eat a piece of poop
and give him hugs up and I don't know
what else do you want them to do not do
that okay it's cause I love you now see
you mom right now I would ask you what
you go to gym every religion hilarious
oh she's got me to table she's got the
ticket man
