you can't poop in the bus because it
syncs it up you know obviously so we if
we would have to take a shit we just
tell the driver like hey pull up to the
hotel so at 7-eleven but put a paper no
plastic bag over the toilet shit in the
bag tie it throw it up the motherfucking
window you wyatt's what you threw crap
out of window oh my god you mean the bed
for me oh my god thank you any other
didn't it get really messy honestly
though we ruined it we destroyed it I do
love though that you're mixing like the
gray and the white because I have a
white bed and all it is is just covered
in pubes every morning but the great
height is better okay I think your bed
is just caked in pubes I bet your bed
literally just looks like it's made out
of animals all my pubes are bleached
like oh that's how I feel about my pubes
except it's the opposite because they're
all really really dark and black good
like sheets good idea yeah I like the
American flag feel like it's fun ss
American I feel like there's a lot of
fireworks happening feel like a lot of
Independence is happen
slim slavery just like a little bit of
slavery just love it Oh a lot happening
on this bag travel the world yeah what's
that big J for no but I mean what do you
would he use it for oh no do you
remember hottest belly oh I thought
maybe like but play but whatever I was
just like we got to it's a little small
for my piece but if you put up your butt
you look like an umbrella though
hahahaha you could just like put your
arms out I'm Bella hello hello yes we're
about to film some videos I'm about to
ask him why he has this then we're about
to talk about all memories
what were those people did know I don't
know it's black and white pictures and I
said Henry's honest I don't know I mean
they're black and white and then they
look dead it's like it's a sad man
there's this picture I think you as a
child it's like out by a window like
ready to fly out it's just the whole
thing sad and like science though hey
super engine what's your favorite
science book um look I'm popular I love
that I love number four I think number
four is way better than can play better
number five is fine it's okay but like
never choose the best you don't have to
oh you don't have
we do have number two I do what's in the
trunk nothing don't don't open it
oh my god is that strawberry is she in
there you look you keep her in there
we're gonna play some videos play some
videos we don't like play um and I'm
gonna try to figure out what this is and
what that is
see you guys soon guys I found Joy's
classes I don't think they're real I
think they're just for fashion they're
really fucking dirty like disgusting and
they're broken the fuck is he doing with
these and they're huge big as his head
oh my god I feel like him now Oh Chris
Yaffe ah Gnaeus let's see if he
recognizes me it's gonna lay on his bed
he's in the bathroom and he's gonna come
out and I'm gonna say how only grace the
Oni is hala Gracie on you it's me I'm
Joey how come when I wear these I
literally look like a sad woman who like
writes for the newspaper and you look
beautiful
yeah see like you look cool like you
look like you work for like Trump Donald
Trump and you're like his assistant who
like takes care of business yeah and
then I look like the woman he like beats
up later who like gets him tacos for
lunch
oh god I'm nursing um anyways just
another reason why he's better than me
what is this this is a big bottle of
that's your alcohol oh just like before
you go to bed just like light a cupcake
handle and just like drink your pain and
I would like girl
no oh guy okay and I looked at her life
I don't know that is a scariest thing
I've ever seen in my entire life I hate
it if this really works oh my god like a
big bulgy Oh
guys look at this sweat look at this
sweat honestly I've never sweat this
much in my entire life I don't know if
it's like nerves or excitement or just
your being on your bed look with look at
that it's like a it's like a waterfall
covered in hair the dog is screaming
took a lot going on me there's really
intense we're not even done yet oh my
god what I'm gonna do oh wait
how win come Oh window us Christ thank
you Jesus
all right see end of the day I'm real
tired you took me you took me there on
that I just literally almost fenced out
right now I'm like blacking out that was
like intense that was really there was
like a lot going on there was a lot
happening I feel like I traveled the
world I feel like I saw a lot of places
and all those places were your balls and
there was a lot of them and they were
big ya know enormous like I was like
like that is over there like I
definitely feel like you t-bag me like
five different parts of this video Wow
though the teabagging though see those
d-bags are big yes you guys have fun
angry thoughts we have funny we question
of the day I mean I'm out I have no idea
what do you want us to do next I'm out
of ideas I think we're both out of ideas
leave minute ago I got an I let it be I
don't it was just like that
I'll bring it up I'll roll the clip I
will roll the clip right now I will maul
the clip right now
