you can't poop in the bus because it
syncs it up you know obviously so we if
we would have to take a shit we just
tell the driver like hey pull up to that
so at 7-eleven no but put a paper no
plastic bag over the toilet shit in the
bag tie it throw it up the motherfucking
window you what's what you threw crap
out of window oh hey guys I am on my way
right now to do I look terrible that
looks like I got stabbed in the middle
of my face oh my god
so I'm gonna be honest I've talked about
this before I am a dry skin problem I
don't know what it is I have tried
everything but once in a while I just
turned to frosted flakes and not the
delicious kind kind of give you diarrhea
to kind of give me a stomach and egg the
kind of make you so hyper that you want
to jump out of the window kill yourself
that's what this does was I talking
about
oh yeah I am sitting outside right now
of a place where we do an interview for
uh Carson Daly show I think that's what
this is for I think I don't know we're
at a restaurant which is kind of weird
I'm like why are we doing a show at a
restaurant but hey down for the food you
know saying need some salt I got you
so I'm gonna do that that's for the
movie and also to talk about the TV show
the chair and then after that I'm gonna
be going to do my podcast and I have a
special guest Trevor Moran I'm gonna ask
him how he slays that was from his song
slay I'm 26 I'm here at the podcast and
guess to my new guest podcast co-host of
the day is hello this happened very
suddenly welcome yes I texted her last
night and I said oh my god him do the
podcast ma I need a guest oh yeah free
eye and I was think of what else would
you have been doing um I I would've been
editing a video right now this is way
more fun so much more fun you got a
haircut I did I got a haircut it's
slightly different but not too different
it's perfectly average and you know what
I'd say it's a little bit bomb calm is
it is it the bomb.com question about
bomb calm now we really should talk
about this in the front holy shit okay
there's a lot we need to cover on this
podcast um how are you dealing with with
bomb calm comments oh I don't read them
oh so hate I'm writing down manga comics
talking um because I think that you're
the best person in the entire world
Thank You Know What You Did so sweet
anybody who doesn't agree with that
should go die in a hole I mean let you
have a choice in the matter but it's
kind of our recommendation like a chef's
recommendation of the day lobster bisque
die in a hole exactly or survive and
just call out somebody else's videos who
are you watching YouTube who's your
favorite youtuber oh um I like you your
videos I really like grace Helbig
I think she's super funny I like Caspar
Lee I think he's really funny
I like the scroll on Lisa Schwartz I
don't know that bitch's oh she's a cunt
uh she's um she's a whore ah I thought
they took my tongue ah adjectives I just
can't
um horrible all right speaking of
horrible we are going to be doing in a
horrible interview and I'm excited about
it because I'm gonna be interviewing a
child today how old is Trevor Moran
I think he's 15 he's a couple months
younger than me this is gonna be
interesting
oh my god I'm gonna be the third creepy
wheel the old man in the room yeah we'll
just be talking about like slaying and
clean and I'll be on this side dying in
a hole he's here i slain slaying the
world literally being the queen of the
slay thank you I'm trying to keep up
with you I'm trying to keep up with you
that's why I'm here I love that you're
here your loner are you a little nervous
I am I am I've been a prepping prepping
in a car for what are you talking about
me because I'm certain you make me
nervous I make you nervous
is it cuz I'm getting close is it cuz
I'm I'm so close happy I know last time
you were here you were with hol and you
did a little ditty you saying Royals I
think you are like this tall which now
yours tells me you're like this tall and
you're like I can sing and I was like
okay and then you just added just start
singing Royals and it was so good and
Lauren was back there and Lauren was
like oh yeah like why us more of a Yas
Oh
and I was just talking to you because I
was watching your performance of your
song that you did and I was trying to
mimic your day of smooth and I can't get
it so I need I need a quick tutorial
yeah yeah
it was just like that I'll bring it up
I'll roll the clip I will roll the clip
right now
I'll roll the clip right now roll it
right now
Merry Christmas you're giving me face
that situation that situation that
double-jointed let me just tell you that
I was drinking coffee and I spilled all
over myself that's why it my oh you're
drying it up no I just wish my whole
outfit this these were like my airport
clothes I'm sure you know all the
comments like you this good I'm just
really know I'm thinking okay but give
me a taste I'll give you a nose okay the
fact that you just acted like that was
nothing
I thought what is that that was like
that was like a it was like back when I
had those Barbies where you throw them
up in the air no like good crack you
know what I'm talking about like fucking
fly Barbies can you do that there's like
a little hip dysplasia
yeah I wanna see pretty good unless I
think I was losing balance and tried to
catch myself like I think that's not
your go-to then you need to do that more
where I'm in cash all right well we're
we're about I can't even talk I'm so
excite we're about to do the podcast
we're about to slay it's about to get
crazy it's about so glad it's about to
be everything it's about to be life's
and it's literally me though literally
me I'm very excited her hey what's up
guys I'm back back at the office gonna
finish editing some videos and fuck out
of here look how greasy good lord
like a nugget chicken nugget I am
looking not great but I'm okay with that
this just got depressing well there guys
go hopefully you enjoyed today's vlog
make sure to listen to the podcast I put
the link down there soundcloud.com slash
Shane and friends it was a really great
one with Trevor and Alexis was really
really funny really funny they both were
so great
Trevor talked about a lot of crazy stuff
a lot of drama a lot of gossip good
rotary not you guys having to go you had
fun
question of the day who is your favorite
o2l number ooh let's start some drama
cause the hunger games in the comments
I'm gonna go with all of the
also really quick I know I've mentioned
in a million times but thank you guys so
much for buying it not cool on iTunes
keep it up and I'll put the link down
there it is available and you guys are
going to love it
I'm so excited and I just can't wait for
you guys watch the movie and tweet me
all your thoughts on it okay I'm gonna
go I love everybody way I'm making into
somebody that I thought about
oh he just got out of jail and his
friends all know they're like are you
okay but he's just kind of buying this
like you guys it's fine like it's funny
to me now like I'm ready to laugh about
it cuz he actually went to jail you
killed like his mom oh he'll just
fucking mom oh and so you murdered your
mom and now you're ready to move on live
and just kind of like die for it
honestly the living living for killing
my mom's Oh
