okay well if I'm not back in five
assuming that I'm dead and don't come
looking okie-dokie honey heads of
everybody yes I'm here with Drew my name
is true yes you know jus from my movie
not cool movie not cool don't forget
your days we're gonna do the punk edit
in real life buqun's
challenge I guess we which is feared
Halloween store we got a bunch of punk
stuck neither of us are obviously punk
yeah so we just guessed here's the thing
I realized halfway kershaun I don't know
what punk means I'd have heard some
Green Day songs let me dance all I
bought great alright so what we're gonna
do is on my channel he's gonna do me
mister I'm gonna do him okay okay let's
do it
wow that was pop pop that's a
song oh well I guess me to start off
with a base this is something you
actually brought up to me that you
wanted um I did a few weeks ago you saw
it online and you said please please
please I said I don't have the money
right now you said please save up for it
so I started a Kickstarter and we raise
the money guys with $7,000 okay how it
should be how you should have been born
the boos are em looking good you're the
buffer in that thing okay um so that's
necessary
speaking of Green Day I thought you
can't go wrong with this
cuz that's punk right what is this this
sucks no it's a time of all time um can
you tie this no forgot about that
well what's gonna happen is I'm going to
just put it or grape it over and kind of
like a scarf so just that just kind of
go there now I got it okay so that's
kind of Green Day right I'm talking like
American Idiot can you do a grande voice
yeah yeah yeah when I come round right
uh-huh
what's next so I also got obviously some
vampire blood drop jewels so I thought
maybe this could be like a nose ring
okay maybe put that right on your
Potti it looks like a hip pick the Scout
yeah you triple and then um a lip one
looks like I have herpes okay I look
like a hand sad homeless Rocky yes well
we'll put it like right there okay and
then I don't know if you got me this but
I don't know why I wouldn't get this and
then you just kind of take this and you
put it right I think she said down the
middle I don't remember she explained it
to me I'm pretty sure she sent down the
middle oh this is right and then this is
something that is I actually didn't get
the store this has been passed on down
my family oh please be careful with it
this was my grandma Marcy's and she
actually loved it so much that she
wanted to give it to you because she saw
the chair oh she did she's team Shane
yeah and I don't remember if it goes
here or here but I'm guessing it'd be a
great way to hold this down so yeah yeah
so I think we're going where we're
supposed to be going now you won't say a
few things about how you feel I'm gonna
be honest yeah no no go ahead I don't
want to like try to look her and try to
be funny or anything I feel like I look
kind of good without a doubt Wow
well I've been able to get an erection
like a month and it's here here well
these are necessary
they're called gesture gloves and when
you think Punk you obviously think
checkers and kings and castles and just
something like that and I thought you
needed some kind of gloves yeah these
little four keys on the side of the real
pot get those on there's no reason why
that's not a good thing right
um no one would have look at that and
say bad idea I this is an eighty school
bandana I mean there's not much to say
about this I mean you guys all saw prior
to the Caribbean and Johnny Depp
actually gave this to me so I thought
maybe we could make this more of a cape
just kind of
oh yeah this is totally pop thank you
saw this and I couldn't do this without
a convict choker and the idea here is
that our pub guy is just come out of
jail yeah he's but he's this isn't from
the gym just kind of wearing this as a
joke this is kind of a character I'm
making you into somebody that I thought
about oh he just got up in jail and his
friends all know they're like are you
okay but he's just kind of buying this
like you guys it's fine like it's funny
to me now like I'm ready to laugh about
it because he actually wants a jail you
killed like his mom oh he'll just
 mom oh and so you murdered your
mom and now you're ready to move on live
and just kind of like die for it
honestly the living living for killing
my mom's dog embryo
really it's pretty tight too tight I'm
gonna die oh don't do that
third and definitely not least you don't
have tattoos which is weird I do not um
so I thought that what's what's the best
way to make a tattoo oh I don't know
your best friend designing it for you
yeah um so I got this where do you want
here probably on my neck and what are
what kind of design you want what is me
you know like like well like when kids
go me oh yeah yeah okay um like a
cupcake with like um a little frog on it
because it's like you're beautiful and
sweet but there's a lot of ugliness
right literally you know okay we're
gonna start out with what I was saying
which is a cupcake oh are you gonna do
that with that the neck little bit so
now you know look at the frog on my eyes
episode the from go ribbit oh yeah
ribbit we get the frog right here and as
you know from have little feet and they
have a hat a crown on and they're
usually smiling because what's it like
being in the pond
I don't know fun maybe a little bit here
and then as you can see I mean I didn't
really have to explain it obviously it's
a row on top of a cupcake that actually
kind of looks like a punk tattoo and
then as if it wasn't needed a line oh
yeah I know I
where you look is this okay maybe some
of them are curlicues they're just a
bunch of pubes on you
those pubes on my arm my arm challenge
we're almost done oh we don't know
Murdock nice about my my lipstick so you
really gotta make sure that is good so I
got a little more of the teeth and
that's something a lot of people don't
appreciate to understand is that when
you say Punk you say this I say banana
you say punky well guys we're done wait
no oh hey we're done this is interesting
thank you are you guys about what I have
to do if any with you if you want to see
me give him a punk at it I'm gonna be
even more mean and cruelty look it and
if you click it on reveal something
about Shane in the video that no one has
ever known before we haven't made it yet
but I just said I'm gonna do that so if
you need Shane facts
you're gonna seriously but also
obviously I've been talking about it a
lot on Twitter and Facebook but as you
guys know not cool is now available for
pre-order please please please please
PLEASE pre-order movies ten bucks I'll
put the link down there you buy it and
then when it comes out you get it I love
you so please do that and if we can get
to number one on iTunes
I would cream my little panties and then
it would be like yeah youtubers are
number one bitch you all boy saw
whatever showing he'll show up with
lipstick another day oh the movie is
going to be in LA and New York and
Pittsburgh I will put the tickets down
there I have my boy not gonna fit sir
I'm looking on this is now is play hey
ketta
we're gonna be there in New York or know
it in LA I think I'm going to New York
Friday Saturday you're coming to LA to
Friday and Saturday we're gonna beat the
theater the show you're down there will
be at them if you sell it out we'll be
there and then the next weekend in New
York will be there Friday Saturday and
then in Pittsburgh oh no no I think so
I'll put the tickets under their
deafening this is really introducing
overtone is gentle baby see you later
oh my god the next one okay this one is
for you guys that means holy jesus I
want to lick them boobies
