yeah homemade me lying
hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another episode of what the fuck new
my name is destory the only thing you
need to know about me is I am probably
more nerdy than you
that is a challenge by the way come at
me bro but this is what the fuck we
talked about the really fucking weird
side of the news that you may have
missed in the last week and the first
story I want to talk about today is good
old Miley Cyrus Miley's been in the news
recently for launching her new
sculptures in an art exhibit she's
calling dirty hippie among some of her
artistic beauties is a bedazzled hamster
toy and a marijuana joint glue to a
dildo truly breakthrough stuff
Miley says I had a bunch of fucking junk
and shit so instead of letting it just
be junk and shit I've turned it into
something that'll make me happy one of
her pieces that has made out of
pineapple she said she made because you
know they say about pineapple if you
drink a lot of pineapple juice you're
going to have yummy cum so that's why I
put it on the dick with a bunch of
babies and it says fuck - fuck I mean
I'm not gonna deny that the pineapple
thing isn't true but how does she know
that
how many penises have been in her mouth
why does she know that he with his own
responses Miley Cyrus's father Billy Ray
Cyrus
oh great and more what the fuck news a
girl Twilight fan was married in Las
Vegas to a cardboard cutout of Robert
Pattinson the 25 year old Lauren Atkins
married a cardboard cutout after seeing
Edward Cullen in Twilight played by
Robert Pattinson who then became
insanely obsessed with him when Robert
Pattinson appeared on the scram it was
perfect
I knew that very minute I wanted to
marry him people might think I'm crazy
but my flat-pack are past the closest
I'll get to the real thing and here's
the one for me and I need only one who
wonders what they did on the honeymoon
but I'm not trying to be gross but I'm
just honestly concerned you might have
like a paper cut in her vagina and that
would suck I can sense we got hitched in
Las Vegas last year and I'm pretty sure
we're happier than both newlyweds
Oh God that's really funny because I
don't see a single ounce of happiness in
any of these wedding pictures nope not
there no definitely not there absolutely
not no happiness to be found even so
this is still a better love story than
Twilight even scary what the fuck news a
man with devil horns and a 666 tattoo on
his forehead was arrested for an alleged
triple murder after being identified by
a Home Depot employee who saw the guy
shopping for axes and saws before
committing the murder the 34 year old
ksv ovis so honestly already sounds like
an axe murderer apparently asked the
Home Depot employee where the exes work
where are your shoes oh aisle five yeah
but Google and then proceeded to grab
the axes and pretend to chop with them
in the middle of the store but it's like
how do you not think something fishy is
going on with a man with a 666 tattoo on
his forehead and demon horn tries to
check out with axes and saws hello sir
did you find everything okay that's an
interesting tattoo you have on your
forehead oh those g3 jeans per game
they're Diesel three sixes to honor the
dog stranger oh that's nice I really
like how your nails are long and filed
the point that's neat is that blood on
your nail cool oh you checking stuff off
your grocery list there this is not a
grocery list we
names of the men I have to kill okay sir
you have a great day you too anyways
because of the testimony of the Home
Depot employee Bayless is now accused of
killing three men and dismembering their
bodies and faces life in prison next and
what the fuck news little John came out
with a new song and music video called
bend over which sounds like this I would
say what the fuck but shit like this is
just becoming normal now so but in the
video we have a grandpa eating a bologna
xanax and pepto-bismol sandwich which
sounds like a pretty fast way to get
some raging diarrhea then the grandpa
doing whatever the fuck this is we have
a kid hanging out in a room with meat
hanging from the roof and a large black
woman dancing around it gold men
breakdancing and playing on drum
machines a dad basically filming porn
with his wife and this redheaded chick
and the mom twerking in a dining room
what the fuck is this what it's like to
be on crystal meth cuz I really don't
like it this all makes me want to dance
like I'm having an involuntary seizure
and lastly and what the fuck news an
Indiana man was arrested for forcing his
wife to sign a contract making her his
sex slave you think that if you're just
a nice guy sex will come to you in a
marriage but apparently not I guess I
don't really know that much about
marriage though so anyways though the
man Kenneth Hardin who looks like this
this man looks like he would sell me
weapons in Skyrim we have to find it
swears in all of Windhelm
anyways though his wife says that she
never thought he would be this kind of
man when they met last year through
Craigslist oh god there's your problem
right there it can't meet nice men
through Craigslist you can try but
you'll probably end up meeting a guy who
promises you he's a certified doctor and
then puts you in his van with tinted
windows and then gives you sleeping gas
while he put skittles in your butthole I
can still taste the ring
but anyways though the Skyrim
weaponsmith has been charged with 38
counts of rape battery and criminal
confinement anyways though this has been
what the fuck news and my big question
of the day for you guys is what is your
dream husband or wife let me know in the
comments down below all today's stories
as always are in the description below
as well as all of my links before you
guys go make sure to check out my newest
video where I destroy my friend's laptop
out of gamer rage yeah it's a bit
embarrassing but go and check it out if
you really want to see it but I will see
you next week for another one to fuck
news and Fairwinds
