guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with Barry and he is a penis performer
his penis was out he made it into stuff
a burger a hotdog druish shook justice
quaking Aaron Robin Kingdom covers also
here this was the craziest day of my
life check it out I'm glad I got a
post-dated friend buddy hey what's up
you guys
yes welcome back to another conspiracy
theory video now after Dave's video
we're going to be talking about a lot of
different theories and some of them
involved in your favorite youtubers but
before you smash that dislike button
just remember these are all theories
although some of them might be true and
before we get to all of that I'm going
to do an update on the movie poster
theory that we talked about a couple
weeks ago so as you guys remember we
talked about how so many movie posters
look identical to each I mean we went
through so many different posters that
looked identical to other movies well
since that video so many of you guys can
find you or you can send them to me and
they are crazy here's just a few of my
favorite so first we have the poster for
it follows you see a couple making out a
car nine middle of nowhere if that looks
familiar it's probably because you see
the poster for Riverdale that's right a
couple making out in the car a little of
nowhere no literally the same poster
that they're supposed to for Star Wars
The Force awakens which looks identical
to the poster of stranger things I mean
even down to the coloring like the left
side of the poster is kind of an orange
and the right side is a blue you should
tell me then you have the poster for
ladies rug which is a girl in the
darkness and wings schooling her hair
and she looks serious and then the movie
came out called let's be evil a girl and
dark hair is blowing serious and you
just put them next to each other not
identical then this next one is crazy on
the left of the movie called shock
collar and on the right is a movie
called
snitch literally must a filter anything
that is the same and I'm about 99% sure
it's the same body like just zoom into
the pipes really quick literally the
same muscle the thing shirt the thing
pocket on the pet everything about it
and there's like hundreds more than you
guys been sending me and I cannot stop
looking at them so please keep sending
them okay so now we're going to do an
update on one of the craziest
conspiracies I think I've ever talked
about on this channel and I think I've
done ten videos about her that's right
we're going to do an update I will
Michaela
that's right little Mikaela the girl
learning scribbs nobody knows if she's
real or fake now I'm not going to go
over the entire story and all the
updates because there's too many I will
make a playlist online conspiracy video
solo image but today we have a new one
that is very confusing to me first let's
start with something that I saw on
Twitter so a Twitter account called
super deluxe tweeted at Michaela and
said how many retweets for you to come
on why I know if I could retweet that
500 million times I would well then
Michaela responded with lol he's fooled
at super-deluxe want me to go live
should I now over 5,000 people favorited
this and a thousand or more reach we did
it but she did not go by the Betty she
did something that we had been weak
little Michaela released her first
single and this is the first time and we
actually get to hear her voice
okay here is just a clip from her music
video that she posted for the song
a lot of auto-tune was just added to the
theory that she might be robot but also
there was a lyric in the song where she
said she's just trying to go out there
and live her life what life is it a real
life it is fake life it was a civilized
I had so many questions well the Sun
came out and a bunch of articles were
read that one article was on billboard
calm which is fully the biggest music
website ever an article of titled could
she be America's first fake pop star
I know literally what I said like once
is a company trying to create a pop star
and then there amid your fingers on the
internet and you're gonna release a song
everything I said is happening well
here's a quote from little Michaela
Inever I've been writing and recording
so much for the album and had been dying
to release it
not mine is all about summer in love and
growing up so it felt like something I
needed to drop now obviously the music
edition but that was just a lyric video
where you can kind of see her body but
like is there going to be an actual
music video where she's like dancing in
shit is she's going to work I study well
I went to her YouTube channel and I
noticed that she created it back in
April of 2016 which means that this is
something that's kind of been in the
works for a while did she create this a
year ago did the company create this a
year ago also her descriptions of under
constructions that me there's more
videos to come
I hope so well ever since this song came
out the pictures on Instagram is garbage
even for me I mean the last two pictures
genuinely look like a real girl which
makes me think has been a real grow
along and now she's slowly taking off
the filters is it a metaphor so now I'm
lost by you know inhale again out of it
when are we going to do an interview she
did not respond it is all like planned I
don't know but I can honestly say this
is one of the most fascinating weird
things I've ever followed it I alright
so moving on to something that is just
as crazy we're going to be talking about
the theory that Donald Trump's son Aaron
be a time traveler so Baron trunk is 11
years old he was born in 2000 days well
hundreds of years before baron was born
there was a book series released and the
book series was all about a boy named
Baron Trump yeah
then book series was released in the
1800 now let me break down what the book
is about because you are going to lose
your shit so in the book series Baron is
a younger rich man who lives in a place
called Castle Trump well if that isn't
crazy enough in the book there's a man
that that guides Baron through these
journeys and his name is dawn now dawn
who refers to himself as a master of all
masters
he tells Baron to travel to Russia and
find a portal that lets him go to
differently and it makes Baron Trump he
lives in castle Trump the guy that guy
his name is dawn he thinks he's a master
of all masters he wants him to go to
Russia literally all of these things
could be said about the real Baron chunk
now if this isn't crazy enough the guy
who wrote the beard Trump books also
wrote another book in 1896 the book is
called the last president and it's about
a guy who runs for president who's a
common name and he claims to be
anti-establishment
literally of Donald Trump now there's a
part in the book where there's an angry
mob and it says this the Fifth Avenue
Hotel will be the first field of fury of
the mob now the Fifth Avenue Hotel is a
real place but it's not a ranking well
guess what's sitting right where it used
to be that's right the Trump Tower what
now there's tons of theories as to how
this happened why there's a book about
Baron Trump back in the 1800s now most
of the theorists believe that doubling
time is actually a time trapper and
maybe he lured these folks now I know
that sounds crazy but number one we
talked about the fact that time travel
will exist at some point the future it
will remember to Donald Trump is one of
the richest people in the world and
probably will be in the future so it'd
be super rich and have
time travel you know a hundred percent
Donald would so maybe sometime in the
future you went back to the palace wrote
these books about his life and about his
son's life and maybe when he went back
in time to write those books he messed
something up and that's why we don't
just mean della it's crazy that that
make sense but that little Michaela
thing doesn't all right now let's move
on to some theories about youtubers so
first I'm going to talk about something
that easily really in a theory it's just
fact a lot of the youtubers they do
watch and we seem to know you don't know
at all there are so many people on
YouTube that are putting on a fake
facade what they think you want and this
is something that's been happening in
Hollywood forever now I don't know if
you guys know this but do you remember
the show duck dynasty yeah a show about
a backwoods country family and they all
have long beards and they're super
rugged and sometimes they can't even
form a sentence because they're so
average and not educated in country well
before the show duck dynasty was created
this is what that family looks like yeah
that's right
that's the whole time dynasty clan and
they're all in there Country Club
outfits holding their golf clubs looking
like they're worth a million bucks and
their whole scam worked we all believed
that they were these country bumpkins
and that's why everybody fell in love
with that but examine well now similar
things are starting to happen on you
first we're going to start with the
wrapper a little Windex now low index is
a music video al called cleaning up and
it's doing pretty well with over 1.5
years
come on a bad way to step up your
knocked-up enough to fucking you but it
does on the a dose again it makes me
miss this makes those little independent
content on other social medias promoting
nice feel and they were strange rickety
say hello no messy hearing that just
getting ready so when I saw all of this
I was like there's no way this person's
real this can't be real and then I found
out that he's not not found out that
he's actually pretty normal guy and he
probably thought he had to come up with
some kind of a crazy character to get
attention and it worked like a little
Windex care Jewish pretty obvious like
yeah that guy's playing a part
but there's a lot of other youtubers
which you can't really tell what's real
which brings us to the Paul Brothers now
Jake and Logan Paul are taking over the
internet right they both have over like
10 million subscribers
they're getting hundreds of millions of
views a month and it seems like every
single day there's another story about
them that's trite and inur'd a lot of
you guys you thinking what how did this
happen well there's the theory it was
all planned now first I need to be
totally honest I know Logan Paul I met
him before all of this shit blew up he
came on my podcast he was super nice
super down-to-earth very respect my
friend directed a movie that Loki was in
called the finning it's on YouTube red
he said low he was professional King
descent on time and just killed it and
Riley interview Jay Paul on set at the
sorry part but we're here in the door
and he said he was super nice super laid
back and very British so when I started
seeing all these crazy things recently
of like oh it's saying they are how
they're blowing shit up and how they
hate each other and other like feuding
and I started thinking how much of that
is an act now I know a lot of people say
they don't understand why the Paul
Brothers are famous they don't get it I
get I mean it's kind of like a reality
show for this generation there's lots of
editing lots of music lots going around
there's love interests and there's
breakup there's fuse is literally like
the Kardashians kind of but on YouTube
so I totally understand why it's getting
millions and now
abuse because it's a real issue but just
like every we are gonna show it might be
heavily now first let's talk about their
deep now throughout the years in
Hollywood there's tons of feeds that are
actually just fake and the purpose of
that is to embark to each other's
projects it happens a lot of the rap
industry now there's a famous feud
between Drake and meek mills that people
increase you now they both released dis
tracks and they both sold millions of
copies of those tracks and they both got
super rich from it now it's now proven
that that abuse was fake definitely
helped out both their careers I mean
just look at more recently Beyonce and
jay-z Beyonce releases lemonade which
he's talking about jay-z cheating on her
and then JD protects his side of the
story and 444 and then of course
everybody buys both everybody talks
about both and they both become super
crazy success and then in comes the
poverty now if you look at the music
video for Logan distracted Jake he
disses Jake's merch while showing
beautiful pictures of Jason March you
can't even smell available right on your
end cards it's not pronounced available
it's a veil uncle now obviously March is
a huge part of it and both Jake and
Logan are trying to build their brand
and that's right do that is to build up
much so this dish actually probably
resulted in a bunch of people buy merch
and getting their brands one well then
in the video where Jake Paul pranks his
brother the prank is literally in making
a billboard on the busiest street in
Hollywood promoting his merch I mean in
my opinion it looks good and and it
tells fans where by the March which is
in the description so tough some of that
yeah that's literally billboard for
merch disguised as a prey and then in
this video you'll open wrapping bottles
pointing at a girl in merch now see you
know looking and you know she yama
teamed it's almost like every district
somehow includes their birds and you
know their company's team tanning with
their production company basically so
all of these diss tracks and all of
these videos are only making both
or thing is both of them more money and
promoting both of their birds which they
probably share Ellison I'm not kidding I
totally get it
I actually respect what they're doing
because we put a lot of work into their
videos and that's awesome but don't get
it twisted no matter what side you're on
if you're on the Jay Paul side logan
pulse on it either way you're
contributing to a company that they
probably own together that's making
multi millions of dollars awesome you
guys find them and it is Jesus I know
you're getting GG can blow in Jesus's
like they're just too dumb guys I don't
believe it as in Jake hall with
literally full-time on the show on
Disney Channel working 12-hour days
probably five days a week while we're
also making like a shit ton of videos
which is not normal that's something the
normal youtuber doesn't do I'm a
youtubers who can barely make one video
a week and this kid is making like seven
videos a week and full-time on a show
the brain is bigger than he's letting on
I don't know I think it's fascinating I
think it's very interesting and I wish
I'd informative a few ways because I
would really help my brand now here's
the last theory I'm going to talk about
and this one is varied and I don't even
know how to introduce this theory other
than there's a channel on YouTube where
a girl is acting like she is in love and
obsessed with the cereal now you guys
might remember back in 2014 a man named
Elliot Rogers killed a monster he stabs
three men to death at USC Santa Barbara
and then shot several others in total
six people died and more now Elliot
even he wrote a detailed manifesto
talking about his fantasy of torturing
and killing giris he said he wanted to
find sorta girls decapitate them and
bring their heads back to the sorority
house well after he killed those people
he killed himself now clearly this man
is very
very very so you think there's no women
on earth that anybody would be excessive
him or like him well let me introduce
you to a woman who calls herself Elliot
supremely now this is the YouTube
channel dedicated to Elliot Rogers yeah
she makes me an edit of a guy who killed
a bunch of people she even makes videos
of what her life would be like issues
with this one is called me Elliot Rogers
you
she's lost about it talks about her
obsession I can't have him he's gone
never coming back yeah she wishes that
she was with she wishes if he wasn't
gone keep in mind this is the same guy
who wrote a manifesto where he said he
want to define girls torture them and
then he cut their pencils and now this
girl is making videos obsessed so it
makes me wonder is this girl actually
obsessed with him or does she think this
is going to get her views or get
requests or get her on Twitter trending
moments and somehow make her famous
whatever the truth is it is
well Larry guys go those are all
included conspiracies today we certainly
give this video thumbs up if you want
more youtuber conspiracy theories also
make sure to subscribe to my channel if
it's a notification though because I
make new videos every day and if you
want to see on my other conspiracy
theories I've done wise on poppy I've
even done ones on mice I'll put them
into a playlist right hopper description
move alright I will see you little Jake
Pollard's and low gangsters and
offensive the ready tomorrow
