okay so back to you stalking me Oh
thought I'm stalking you I was just
taking pictures in the mall and I saw
through the window cuz that doesn't
sound creepy hey guys I'm here with
Brittany your man now burn during your
transition I did hey guys yes I'm here
pretty awesome Anna and we are going to
be doing the dirty sign language
challenge
I'm not uh so basically what's gonna
happen is in this book
it gives sign language for dirty
sentences or dirty turns so you're gonna
do it I'm gonna guess right yes I'm
going to do some of them you're gonna
get that day and then on her Channel
furgus walk so the my favorite part
about this is that she's very clean and
nervous in your pain but she wasn't
ringing my grabbed you're gonna have to
do some crazy to your own hands so get
ready okay it's gonna be good okay
shuffle shuffle shuffle and the Tigers
have to pig thing just put your finger
in it and go you're naughty you open it
you got to do that one oh wait is it I
think that's right neck skull-fucking
just whore but before really why I know
okay first of all it's you have to do
this sentence which is your mom's a
filthy whore no I just want to do it one
word no I know
thanks oh it's okay your mother is a
filthy whore B death for you yeah I
really all the deaf and I watching a
home are like please no I'm sorry you
asked me you guys watch just a few no
I'm gonna fail these challenges they do
again masturbation licking Amos at the
same time that's called a rusty trombone
I've never really been Wow oh I get it
you have to do this you're not allowed
to say no nice of you always pressure me
into everything
you Bobby the book okay oh I'm still it
there's more uh-huh okay that was all of
it I didn't want to word at a time
do it again you Illuminati Beyonce
Beyonce pathetically your pussy for you
question mark
oh wait so this is pussy yeah that's I
wanna see if I did this book which I did
how it is fine thank you
you look eloped all when you do it I
only know that poem like fine brothers
videos it's not because of personal
experience what just go on to the next
oh I like this one I think it but bad
not madness its blow me you give up so
fast
keep going we'll get there okay I got a
do it a little bit less of it I'm trying
here you got the guy Jimmy Dean loud
necklace it's like lesbians Britney is
up now anyway loud necklace and pants
Ricky loves scissoring yeah Brittany
loves fucking happily pardon well if I
just got it doesn't make any sense
I didn't write this book oh my god the
next one okay this one is for you guys
ready just took over this challenge is
changes how you do it
that means holy jesus i want to lick
them movies guys if you want to go out
there and look really compassionate like
you know sign language and you're like
you left out of people oh yeah
and also like complimentary let's do
just do that but i think that girls
would pick up on this is baby they would
probably pick up on and i see if i did
okay
you got one more and make it a good one
you make one one not you it's me
i want you to see gross I want to throw
up fisting I love it I love this thing
though Oh putting your head in Aegina
goat seat
don't get up it's not the truth though
just telling you as you've got a truth
you love putting your face in buzz
licking butts rimjob now you love you
love you can see you love reckon placing
rent an open hole of true watching
childbirth videos on YouTube now I do
do you really water birth I just want to
have a machine and the child for me I
want to push anything out of anything
ideologist okay don't let them figure
out the bag I stop please stop ripping
up Amanda gender is it racist no it's
not even really that bad your girlfriend
is fugly it's not true that's my thing
no not really bad you like you need to
do this one and Oh question today you
guys have to guess what it is
all right yeah oh my god the deaf people
at home really feel so bad for her
I'm sorry any of you are watching this
new are deaf I'm so sorry
I'm really sorry for the bottom of my
heart I don't think you're doing any of
that right we did all of it if you want
to see a student work over to her
channel subscribe check it out we did
where I do them and I can do all the
dirty you want to see him torture me
that you should you're ready all right
you guys come upon a with us we had fun
hanging with you and I will see you
tomorrow
holy shit we're on a red carpet there's
people there's honest she's the other
director here's I don't know she's
taking pictures she was in my movie drew
is in the movie these guys have money
it's all excited
