or at the airport hey guys you leave the
comments your ticker Jack it off when
you go to charity you take your jack off
take your shoes off me take your pants
off
true got stopped at security they found
something this back I don't know what it
is but I'm scared we're on a plan right
now I don't feel comfortable talking to
a fungus or someone next to us
took a block
he doesn't talk to us what about her
hello
we made it to the hotel hey guys we I
don't did I explain what we were doing
with a clitoral hood yeah I did I didn't
explain the clitoral hood there's not
much well let's explain the clitoral
hood and then let's explain the clove of
it okay first of all clitoral hood um
you all have one it's not fully
developed yet you have a tiny one look
under your keyboard no okay well I
brought up clitoral hood because I think
it's a funny thing I said it was gross I
said it was I said it was a gross term
I love the Torah says I can't furnish
them I mean I I you friend am very tired
right now isn't gonna be a good video of
me what I'm saying is that i nurture
them aha I cover them in honey but I
think clitoral hood to me I imagine the
sensitivity and I imagine my clitoral
hood and it sounds like something you
put on and you just freeze up and you
just touch it this isn't helping so
anyways so he brought up claro head and
said isn't that a funny word so i've
been saying it all weekend besides that
we are in Pittsburgh did I say we're
we're here for the premiere of the chair
I don't know if I said that if I didn't
well the chair it's a show where I know
what blitzberg blitzberg oh yes we just
got here he's eating a whole pizza
remove the clip yeah I got my holy shirt
on and we're gonna hang out it's gonna
be fine you guys are gonna come along
with us clitoral hood guys holy shit
we're on a red carpet there's people
there's honest she's got the director
here's I don't know she's taking
pictures um she was in my movie drew is
in the movie these guys have money it's
all exciting they gave me money to make
a movie and I took it she just
interviewed me she has purple in her
hair and I love it
Corey's back there he has purple in his
hair and I love it cut myself shaving he
cut himself shaving he loves it and
freaked out
I mean I've noticed the No
as I make when I look at myself in the
mirror with yours well the noises you
make are I know it's what do you do mine
is tears
it's the soundless tears it's just a
small squeal she plays the main
characters mom in my movie you're funny
hey it's Ben hey yeah we're following up
the escalator when the theater when
theythey wrap is going he got free
popcorn he got free popcorn I didn't get
butter on it Shane says it he has
Hollywood things to do they called
misinforming called this pop they called
this pop and so difficult they called it
diet pop oh my gosh oh my god welcome
this is the first time you've been in
here yeah yeah so we find ourselves here
in Pittsburgh making a little bunch of
indie movie Amelie with Michelle she
plays TV in the movie
are you excited are you in your coming
in New York I can see the movie with
everybody yeah I'm gonna be in New York
maybe like oh okay guys it's the end of
the night and this is really fucking
cheesy but I want to call because we I
release video today well this might go
up later but I release video today
announcing that the tickets are
available to go see the movie in LA in
New York and I was like well I want to
call and see if like how many people
bought tickets to see in la i'm just
curious I'm not expecting anything oh my
god we don't nervous I'm shaking what if
nobody bought it my heart is racing they
have to answer it's 2:00 a.m. here so
that's 11 I mean definitely get a lot of
calls did you you're calling the Burbank
yeah right
oh good hello not cool it's not sold it
answer please they must have screenings
somebody else look up their times you
think I could actually probably just
call like a random rink and they just
like look at how many tickets were sold
that's random if they just if you look
at what home am see in general I'll call
all of them okay I'll call somewhere
else in Long Beach it's me really weird
for the person in their life hey do you
know if another theater has ticket I'm a
saint listen I think you should call
just any hope let's not call my hometown
and Long Beach
they don't hook it up for me maybe I'll
take like hey I have a very random
question
do you guys know like I want to find out
how many tickets were sold to a certain
movie in another theater is that
something I could do fuck they're not
answering
do you know if the the Burbank 16 AMC do
you know if they're still open all right
they're not answering is Peter
especially a great number just keep on
cool all right thank you we got this
guy's just call 20 times well if I can
do this if you say can I get tickets for
this then though if it sold out they'll
tell you that you don't have to say how
many ticket
why wouldn't they fucking answer because
you have to keep calling what are they
doing we'll do tomorrow we have tomorrow
yeah hello no still no tomorrow all
right guys it's the next morning and
like an idiot I didn't film myself
calling I called the New York AMC and it
sold out I was very upset because I was
like it's not gonna be and then I called
and lady and I was like hey I was just
wondering if there's any tickets
available for not cool on the 26 at 7
o'clock and she goes oh that would be no
it's sold out she knows it's a nuisance
but she hates it yay and then I almost
cried and then I was like yo get the
camera get the camera but then I was
like I'm holding the camera cuz it's my
phone and then it was a whole thing so I
didn't film my reaction but first his
baby's footsteps I'm talking loud enough
I said it's like baby's first step that
I missed it I'm so excited I don't know
when this vlog is gonna go up I'm sure
by the time this vlog goes up there'll
be more tickets available or something
so go down there in the description I'm
supposedly I'm gonna be in LA that whole
weekend of the 19th at Burbank and then
the next weekend the 26th I'll be at New
York the whole weekend oh yeah he's
gonna go too so get all the tickets down
I'm so excited guys the fact that it's
sold out the fact that I have like a
movie in the theater and also the fact
that there's I could take it like a
ticket like a ticket like a ticket I'm
not a ticket you're a ticket thank you
saw that babe thank you oh man all right
guys hope you're finding with us we're
finding with you uh I'm gonna go and I'm
gonna go in the shower and cry and
masturbate all of that what are you
gonna do I actually do need to last you
cool right you guys a lovely bike was it
your eye socket oh your ear no I don't
know
it was Morgan's one of Morgan's eight
nipples
Oh
