I have no idea where I am what I'm doing
oh I hear laughs humming fun Chris Chris
Thompson is this a hashtag sub subt
awesome Dawson it might be I love this a
Datsun value I so we're doing something
gay yeah imagine that
Murray Iowa to be guys yes I'm blind
today you know why because we're doing
the body touching blindfolded balls
challenge which basically is I'm
blindfold he grabs my hand he puts it
somewhere on his body five times I have
to guess what the five places were and
then we're gonna do the same thing over
on his channel so I'm ready my fingers
are ready I've been stretching I've been
doing my cracks I'm ready to touch the
fucking skin okay so we're gonna make a
finger okay cuz that's a good move okay
no your hands are warm right okay you
see my hand is your hands like oh my god
doesn't know where it is whoo crazy so
comfy Loco
all right Betty no okay ready ready I'm
scared I just got really scared for some
reason don't fart my face I got a
childhood memories Oh what my god first
of all I don't know if you know this but
my one huge crazy phobia is boogers ha
ha ha
and I felt Ted no not again I know what
it was I know it I know it was Lou you
could have put my finger inside of your
pee hole and it came no I had no idea
what that was the easy ones ah you know
when you started with that now you know
okay confused so really I'm disoriented
do you want touched against a gerbil not
a gerbil was a hamster no touch it again
I know what that is good it made it hard
earlier you're really good at this game
I know your body baby okay okay I don't
know do it again doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo
one more time
okay was that your in not your chin Oh
your neck no was it your eye socket oh
your ear no I don't know
it was Morgan's one of Morgan's eight
nipples I've got a video girl I honestly
felt the head of your penis on my phone
haha do it again one more time you can't
you can get wiggle your finger look you
didn't make the rules
that's your is that that's not your butt
is it no it's your stomach no your hip
close
it's my pube line it's my peepee airline
yeah I don't know why I said yeah you
didn't get it I feel raped taking
advantage of you should excited I'm
gonna do two fingers on this one since
it's no you only get one an ally
you only get one this one just one sad
finger fuse I confused disoriented
confused infuse oh my god wait what yeah
okay it's it's your vagina
it's that area between your balls and
your but I'm not that good I can't get
no or that function I would say buff I
didn't feel like a but it felt like a
big hamburger mouth well it wasn't it
was the it didn't feel firm it felt
flabby in and out of shape well felt
like a heaven eating a lot of
chick-fil-a no that's you you consume
bigotry and I can't condone that
oh but yeah it was the top of my
butthole well but crack but I do have a
burger up there
that's what oh that's what the top of my
butt crack is oh yeah relish Bob yes I'm
from Chicago we do relish chatter yeah
okay wow that was weird to take this off
okay we're pulling our pants back
afterwards okay cool I'm well okay I'm
gonna be honest and we'll just point out
in get balls yeah we'll save it for
after was equal honor has gone I was the
stupidest challenge why do we do that my
business your idea
was a good idea they loved it I loved it
yeah III mean it's guarded my mind yeah
for good I should touch my pube line
which I didn't know was a thing I just
invented that feel like I've touched it
before just not on getting the lines
everywhere there you guys go if you want
to check out the one that we did on his
channel go check it out subscribe
we got real gross on there so give it a
thumbs up and subscribe favourite it and
touch my baby touch my body blindfold
you and feel around okay you know what's
on my thing weird yes I do hope you
finding FSBO funny with you tomorrow
potato jar wants to know will you suck
my ass I am a strict no ass sucking
policy I'm more into ass licking or ass
kissing or even ask eskimo kissing butt
as sucking I mean it's too far
