hey guys okay quick announcement before
you watch this video I just wanna let
you guys know that I'm so excited
because you guys have sold out a bunch
of the showings of not cool and that's
amazing and I can't believe it and they
added more showing so I put the link
down there for tickets they added more
showings on Friday the 26th in New York
and 27th in the 28th and I think like
that whole week I'll be there for the
first weekend and then also they added
more la showings I think the link will
be down there and um yeah I love you
guys and I will see you at the movie
it's time for and as Shane watch and my
hair a million times cuz I look like
Connor Franta in a blender a drink but
that's other guys yes
I'm standing again I'm into it I'm
standing I'm walking around I'm not take
down to the floor I'm not stuck in a
chair I'm not laying in a bed what else
is the opposite of standing fine I'm not
flying but I don't be awesome
yes it is time for another ask Shane
staining edition I went on Twitter and I
said hey rags that's when your
nickname I just came up with it let's
roll with it
ask me some questions and you guys did
and they're horrible by horrible I mean
great and disgusting so let's get to it
Lucy says what you wear that have 20
nipples or none at all depends on where
they are if I have to hear like normal
but then the rest of them are like
scattered and secret places and nobody's
ever going to see and buy it nobody's
ever going to see basically anywhere in
my body because I cover the whole thing
all the time then yeah sure why not like
behind my knees like on the toes like on
my back I got so much hair back there
you wouldn't see it I'm kidding I'm
getting I'm hairless I'm a sexy young
tweenager that's a lie I'm old and I'm
Herod's let's move on Brian wants
to know are you a sports fan I like Dave
and Buster's video games are sports
right especially because you're winning
tickets and then you get prizes just
like in bass ketball soccer foot
handball potato jar wants to know will
you suck my ass I am a strict no ass
sucking policy I'm more into
licking or ass kissing or even ask
eskimo kissing but as sucking I mean
it's too far you know take me on a date
first take me to Dave & Buster's win me
a bunch of prizes and maybe I'll suck
your ass Jack wants to know why are you
such a stupid well Jack I don't know
your definition of I'm not gay but I
like flying above ground
I just took and made it awesome
Becca wants to know are you trapped in
two watermelons okay here's the thing I
 the watermelon before I
the cantaloupe I anything that I
could put hole into including my own
body parts but I'm not attracted to them
I had to close my eyes and pretend that
it's you know something the size of a
watermelon like a baby could it get that
one to myself Britney wants to know
where do you see yourself in ten years
not doing this I'm kidding well kind of
I see myself making movies not making
YouTube videos as much and probably
carrier and not wearing a shirt with a
line on it I got a target in the
teenager section I am old okay you wants
to know what was your favorite activity
in school food yawn wants to know how
many pillows do you have okay I have a
very specific thing with pillows I got
two pillows okay one for me once really
set then I got my body but body pillow
is for me to cradle on to hold on to and
kiss and say I love you while Lisa's
lays alone and then I have this little
pillow that I like to put in between the
feet and then I have the blanket that I
like to wrap around one leg leave the
other one unwrapped and then have an arm
sticking out I'm totally naked and then
have my other arm like this touching
part of the stuffed animal that Lisa's
holding onto at the same time and then
my dog is wrapped around my neck it's
basically the creepiest thing you've
ever seen trying to find a question that
doesn't have GAE in it or you it's
impossible oh I got one fingers and toes
or toes and fingers what I'm gonna go
fingers and toes are chosen fingers next
question I don't want to know do you
like rice no I don't I don't like rice
but I have been getting in a Thai food
my favorite kind of food is chicken
satay with peanut sauce I'm sorry that
that's not a racist the way I said it
but every time I hear it I just can't
say I just have to say it like that if I
say chicken saute it I don't
handle when I said you could suck hey it
makes me hungry let's do one more okay
Maya wants to know what are your
opinions on all that base what okay let
me look this up oh okay now I know
you're mad it's that song okay my
opinions I know this whole thing about
how people think that it's like skinny
shaming or something because she's fat
she's talking about how I think that's
great and she's like convene skinny's
gross but like not really because like
being fats great I don't know I heard
the song once I don't know problem
within whatever I mean listen I think
everybody's cool the way they are I
think if you're skinny great if you're
fat great if you're like in between cool
whatever I don't care and if there's a
song about being happy being fat great
there should be a song about loving
chicken satay and I might write it there
should be a song about the
watermelon I'm definitely to write that
so if that's my opinion just get over it
stop complaining everybody complains
about everything oh my god it's racist
oh my god it's fattest that's not a word
but I'm making it one we'll just need a
shuffle up shut the up shut up
it's a lot of inner anger that just came
out I'm sorry about that
who eat go eat some chicken today
alright guys those are my questions
today if you want me to answer more
questions leaving down comments down
there also Oh give me a thumbs up or
something subscribe if you want if you
don't you don't know what that was
better hurt as you guys have kept ending
with me I find any with you and I'll see
you tomorrow
I Alania want to know how do you guys
kiss okay well let's explain it ready
it's like this but then like how we used
to we left each other was like this here
you hungry
I'm so hungry let's go get
I love that
