welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet left I mean boy band One
Direction released a trailer for their
concert film and I thought I should
probably watch this hello I am in a
weird place because I am in Arizona for
the weekend the place
I am from now you have that knowledge
take that and do something great with it
right here on my screen I have the one
direction where we are concert film
extended trailer which I do not know
this existed this is new knowledge to me
but we're gonna figure out exactly what
the one direction where we are concert
film extended trailer is together
there's a slow motion one direction
scream like the movie where the guy
kills people join the party party their
hair is longer than I remember it
I saw okay I saw a lot of decorative
hair pieces it felt like a Super Bowl
commercial I think I'm into it that was
very epic you've probably heard the joke
do you ever wonder why you've never seen
an elephant hiding in a tree because
they're really good at it you ever
wonder why you've never seen an elephant
dancing - violin music I have absolutely
no idea because they are really good at
it those elephants would be super fun at
parties turn down for what nothing
including classical violin plus feet has
released a list of all the things white
girls do during the fall season
oh my god the PSL is back up ESL Oh is
JPS Ellen I just thought I would reenact
every white girl's Instagram caption for
the next couple weeks this week on
YouTube I learned that youtuber Shane
Dawson is going on a tour and we're not
talking about a note well digi fest kind
of tour we're talking about a multi tour
I don't think the tickets were going on
sale until like the night before tickets
are on sale right now and we still have
you have like I mean it's so I'm pumped
so here's my point and in honor of his
movie to her I thought I would do a fun
little reenactment of be not cool
trailer so hot it is definitely not cool
thank you guys for watching this crazy
episode of bomb.com Lee we didn't hit
you with our internet shrapnel and you
didn't enjoy this episode make sure to
give it a thumbs up make sure to head on
over to youtube.com slash Alexis cheese
also check out my latest video here is a
tiny tiny preview bonus lesson hey kids
that's how bombs work Wow super cool
