hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck new my name is Destry
and I got a haircut wow it looks really
bad Bank but this is what the fuck news
were you talking about the weird news
that you may have missed in the last
week now the first thing in the news a
bunch of nude photos of celebrities were
leaked to the Internet this last week
including celebrities like Kate Upton
Ariana Grande Kirsten Dunst and Hunger
Games star Jennifer Lawrence
on one hand thank you Jesus so brother
desperate have fun I'm will here's
another Bob Lulu I already used my fifth
one but seriously on the other hand
apparently this all happened because
hackers were able to get into the
private iCloud accounts of the
celebrities and just download the
pictures which is really uncool to put
it mildly but what else is uncool about
this story is just how many people are
shaping these girls for even taking the
pictures in the first place saying that
if these celebrities don't want their
nudes leaked they should just not take
the pictures in the first place okay
first everyone takes knew Hillary
Clinton probably takes news I'm glad
those went leaked on the internet
because I'd like to actually keep the
things I ate today in my stomach but she
probably does that being said it's
solely up to the people who take these
photos whether or not they want them to
be shared online or not and these girls
weren't really given that option but
it's not like Jennifer Lawrence and
these other girls did anything wrong
people are basically freaking out and
shaping them because oh no celebrities
have two breasts in the vagina
breaking news oh my gosh dude that's
like if someone set up a camera in your
bathroom and watched you shit and then
release that footage online and then
blamed you for them seeing it how dare
you take a shit the privacy of your own
house you disgust me
awesome now though the FBI are trying to
find the people responsible for the hack
and put those fuckers away in prison in
some strange what the fuck news an
Indian teenager had the strangest
wedding ever as she was forced to marry
a stray dog I wonder if he went doggy
style on her at the honeymoon okay let's
let's try to keep the puns out of this
video what about who let the
zaps now it's safe to say to the
villagers of this village were barking
mad
get out of here pardon guy apparently no
the 18 year old mainly Munda I don't
know what the hell kind of name that is
was cursed and her village decided that
this ritual would get rid of the curse
and pass it on to the dog I'm pretty
sure the village just did this to try to
see if they could get away with marrying
someone to adopt it would be so funny
the dog or husband which was just a
stray dog in the local village was
pampered for the big wedding day and
just looked really fucking confused
about why people were dancing around him
and why they were carrying him around
the village I can't wait to go doggy
style on this bitch said the dog I'm
just kidding dogs can't talk I am very
unhappy about this wedding said Munda
but apparently after the wedding she's
free to pursue human companionship
without divorcing her dog husband it's
clear now that mangly Munda has a bone
to pick with the villagers I swear to
get the fuck out of here in more what
the fuck news a Florida man allegedly
reached inside of a drive-through window
at Taco Bell and groped the butt of a
female Taco Bell employee sir Taco Bell
is not a strip club it's a place that
has food that 99.9 percent of the time
will give you diarrhea God what are you
doing apparently though the 38 year old
Phillip Guerrero placed his order at the
Florida Taco Bell around 2:00 a.m. and
when he pulled up to grab his food he
also grabbed some of that ass the talk
about worker did file the report and he
was arrested a few hours later but like
what was his plan here get a beefy 5
layer burrito and then grab some beefy 5
layer booty afterwards what was his plan
I'm just gonna charm this woman's pants
off fuck sticking to flattery and just
asking for her number I'm gonna try and
around second base joy what I really
want like this guy had to have wanted
that shit so bad that he unbuckled his
seat belt and hung out his door to get
it because I don't know if you've ever
been to a drive-thru but it's hard
enough to grab a bag of food you know yo
here's your artist her come on get it
yes mothers go to bed smell that god
fuck next in what the fuck dudes our
video went viral of a road rage incident
in Russia where Mickey Mouse Spongebob
and scrap from Ice Age beat the fuck out
of a guy what did I just watch the video
though is Phil from the dash cam of the
car behind the two cars involved in the
incident and has quickly gotten 1.6
million views in the first 24 hours at
its bid online now I as well some other
people believe that this video is
actually fake and was all set up for a
lab because why for any reason would
there just be a band full of people
dressed up in cartoon characters driving
around at 2:00 in the morning but
regardless this is probably one of those
things that you'll never see again in
your life so you know you're welcome
anyways though this has been what the
fuck news and my question of the day for
you guys today is where do you stand on
the whole nude photo thing is the fault
of the people who take the photos is it
the internet for not keeping these
things more secure or wasn't the hacker
who did it let me know in the comments
down below all of these stories as
always or in the description as well as
all of my links before you guys go make
sure to check out my two videos I posted
this week this one is about why my hair
is gone and this one is about why I hate
public bathrooms so make sure to check
those out also if you live in the LA
area or New York City area make sure you
check out Shane Dawson's movie that is
being played in theaters as far as I
know September 19th is when it's going
to be playing in LA and then September
26 is when it's going to be playing in
New York City tickets on sale now on you
check them out in the description below
there will be a link that you guys can
follow and buy the tickets now make sure
you get them while you can because I'm
sure they're going to sell faster than
meth in my hometown true story anyways I
will see you next week for another what
the fuck news and Fairwinds
