ding shot rhythmic let's put that on the
shirt
hey guys yes - everything here I'm here
with I understand shot ok high school
must have been rough yes I'm here we got
we're gonna do a challenge at Verde very
very fucking excited about see how I
said that yes you're here but I said
that yeah cat used to be very clean-cut
and she like didn't like cussing on her
channel she didn't like everything
everything was very PG everything was
very Mathilda well I'm about to break it
down and it's about to get real what's
the opposite of Attila two girls okay
let's go to like pg-13 X right away know
what I'm saying he was easy into this
okay so I thought since she's dabbling
in the dirtiness why not do a cussing
challenge okay so here's how it's gonna
work I'm going to start with a say my a
cuss word eise ABCD alphabet and then
we're gonna whoever can't come up with
one for that letter loses another that
wins is the dirtiest okay if I lose to
you that's gonna be like pretty
embarrassing let's try this
hey asshole B bitch c-cut liquor bitch I
throw a little extra on there good
d-damn is not a cuss word damn is the
customer a beaver Smith no damn like
dammit dammit
okay you're going soft but you better
you better rape it it's gonna get it's
gonna get good okay II once you lose on
E that's kind of cool hmm oh shit E
is there a bad word with eating it e
queef penis pop hey I'm not even coming
up with one no I mean I you know is this
quick no I got it
Jack ulation okay that counts that count
and if you add jack you late on your
face that makes it extra dirty so that's
like yeah that's getting a little
x-rated here so all right um I have Epps
so I'm just gonna do it fuck oh my god
hold on hold on hold on I need a
containment oh honey you say that word
you have no idea what that does you I
don't want to know what it does to you
you can see I think we should just know
I'm G yeah kick yeah yeah yeah girl yes
I mean yes could be considered a bad
word if you see the terrible gives them
make me go got goat goat see have you
seen a goat see I don't even know that
it basically lungs for sure is when you
open up your ass'll no stop it stop I
don't even wanna know this is on
education this is not good sex
occasionally else no okay fine it counts
it counts whatever it's that well it
counts okay
h-hell hi and it got the hardest air I
feel I give here's it letters are harder
than mine
yeah ish ethica if Narnia bigger no
itsy-bitsy comment mmm Nicki do do a key
pussy no no okay I feeling here gosh how
about we each get one pass and you can
use this as your pass and we keep going
okay although all of them out there are
like thinking up a million and they're
like hum I think yeah and you get so
many dirty I words you need to tell us
yeah that's a card I don't know what
that is I gots my past so okay so J jizz
interesting choice I like that thanks
okay hike ah I mean listen I mean
looking not a word are you oh my god my
parents aren't watching this video I
actually told them not to so they don't
see me look at you you said it okay you
said it L listen the girl in limp labia
that's not my good but I don't mean it's
dirt it's like could be a dirty thing
for you I'll take it hey that was hard
for you m-mom fuck me motherfucker
oh yeah the transition we both were is
like ah I'm fucked
Nick motherfucker I'm taking my pass on
in really
anything that's that's a bit much know
what got nymphomania oh okay fine I
won't take my I won't take my pass I'll
say nympho you can't take the one I gave
you
well you said nymphomania I said nympho
oh oh
orgasm is not one right I mean info is
one right now we're toning yeah now it's
turning into like sex alphabet it's a
good title um Oh
oral I'm gonna throw on like nothing god
this is turning into like dirty slash
cut listened I take it as whatever words
you're not allowed to use in like Oh
Weezy world chatroom I'm sorry Z we B's
webzines webkinz what well okay okay
where is it really is okay well then the
orgasm works P I mean there's like at
all um what kids yeah okay webkinz you
could not say and you couldn't say penis
mmm
cute queef are i mean politically
retarded i mean politically how i've use
it oh okay a valid is it um looming yeah
that works like i get back out rimjob
works s oh shit that's tea titty oh I
was gonna go with what that works to
what you what the hell isn't uvula it's
actually the things about your throat
that's not dirty that account
underneath my balls one circumsized I
mean you can take some questions
I mean all right okay I'll give it to
you for you I'll let you have it V
vagina doesn't count
like I mean I guess my said penis or a
vagina counts vagina
I'll tell you with wet pussy Weiner
Weiner I'll just go through we're okay
Weiner I mean that sounds like a word I
would use instead of a bad word but
we'll go with it okay X this is gonna be
my pass damn it
X is like oh wait isn't Z know why
maybe we should just do the alphabet
challenge will be spayed outfit
correctly whatever you did um yeah yeah
yucky uh YUM umm yummy pussy yo Yolo uh
yeah dams have I never am yam it so I
win no okay yeah we can wait if you want
to sit here all day yo Tyler yoke Lee yo
yo mama mom them I'm just like trying to
come up with a word yeah I think I think
I win I think I have a new queen of
cussing oh yeah yeah no that was hard
for us hell yeah I mean yeah that was a
wall hard morning
somebody called cursing police who is
the cursing please strawberry strawberry
somebody tell Meghan alright guys well
there we go she's dirtier than me which
I still don't believe I said listen I
want the next challenge is going to be
the like see who can shove more things
don't even know where you're going with
that and we're gonna do with that down
below with your I roads that are dirty
yeah that's real funny with you had such
a terrific thing and I would say oh go
over to her channel subscribe check it
out in comment all that shit we did what
do we do the headphones challenge the
the headphone whispered mr. channel
whatever it's called whisper oh you
don't know that one yeah you hear they
don't know that one is it Britney looks
fierce no I don't know it's Elmo beat
that pussy up like B me me it sounds
like a song I listen to cuz you're the
nerdiest now's I'm the dirtiest yeah you
too bye-bye
I'm in a new show called the chair it is
coming out this Saturday September 6th
at 11 o'clock on Starz and it's about
the documentation of me making my first
movie and also there's another girl
making her version of the movie and it's
really cool
