hey let's be guys okay big exciting news
most of you guys know this some of you
don't I am in a new show called the
chair it is coming out this Saturday
September 6th at 11 o'clock on Starz and
it's about the documentation of me
making my first movie and also there's
another girl making her version of the
movie and it's really cool here is an
exclusive sneak peek I know that's
exactly how I feel right now lost
confused I'm scared someone's gonna just
walk up to me and be like you you don't
deserve it
you're happy the chair is two directors
shooting a movie from the same source
material what if you could really show
that to people how two different
directors would take the same material
and turn it into separate movies ideally
they'll be different from one another
and explore that in a really cool way
my name is Shane Dawson my name is Anna
martemucci I've been wanting to make
movies my whole life Shane Dawson has a
real sense of his generation I believe
that he could direct a movie because of
my youtube channel a lot of people think
and I wear wigs and do voices all the
time yeah the whole YouTube thing is
almost a character the real Shane is not
confident at all I had always been a
writer I went to NYU for screenwriting
Moochie has come up through a very
traditional way she's an actress she's a
writer she and her family have all come
through the New York Independent Film
community action I know nothing about
her movie I'm not trying to make a artsy
movie and I definitely wanted to go
broad teen comedy oh oh great for me the
point is to show the process of what
these directors go through I think the
thing that's overwhelming about making a
movie is just how large a task it is
once I start actually doing the job of
directing I know what I want and how to
best tell the story just think she has a
real problem with story and she's a
director and the director has to tell
the story just feels like such a cool
joke when all your dreams come true and
then you just feel like you're gonna
puking - I owe to it being a first-time
director is crazy and now everything
that you're doing is being documented
every choice that you're making is being
chronicled I am a 13 hours from the
first day of shooting for the movie
it just feels like a big adventure that
I am not prepared for
and then I freaked out ah ah come on
this movie's gonna be good if I just
don't fuck up on week two three and four
it's never designed to be this grand
experiment I'm gonna put two people who
can't do it we're just gonna create two
fucking train wrecks why are all these
people here that's not real
waiting to do this in the whole life and
I'm ready
we had final time you can do it everyone
so when they come see
dog shit figured a school-wise of dog
shit
hey there you go that was a sneak peek
of the show I'm so excited about it you
guys are gonna love it uh also you guys
are gonna be a little surprised by it
because it's not typical you know I can
work a shame I'm a monkey day it's dance
it's a little more real and some sides
of me that you guys have not seen you'll
also see me yell a lot and scream and
punch walls so get ready for that now a
lot of you guys already have stars it's
like a premium you know cable channel if
you don't I'm going to tell you how to
get it simply call your TV service
provider or go to starz.com
and click on get stars in the upper
right hand corner
once your subscribe to stars you'll be
able to watch the chair on multiple
devices such as your TV your stars play
your stars on demand your iOS and
Android devices your Xbox 360 and your
xbox ah to get stars play download the
app on the iTunes Store or go to Google
Play if you have an Android you'll be
able to binge watch the first five
episodes of the chair starting Saturday
September 6 if you go to Stars play or
stars on demand oh that's a lot there
you guys go
if you watch the show which I hope you
do you're gonna love it check it out get
stars I got it I'm very excited they
play frozen quite a lot and I still have
not watched it all right you guys I'm
gonna go I am so so excited and I know
you guys are gonna love the show and I'm
not getting paid to say that they're not
paying me to talk about it I'm literally
telling you guys about it because I
think you're going to enjoy it and um
and it's really cool to watch the
process of my movie being made because
it's like watching a dream come true
that was very cheesy but that's how I
feel
I'm gonna go I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow as they say are you
gonna do this my friends oh the sane one
oh my god no no no Mia wait are you
really gonna do it yeah are you fucking
gonna do it yeah we're gonna fucking
love like haha oh my god
