hey what's up you guys okay so this is
kind of an impromptu vlog I have another
vlog coming out today in a couple hours
but this is unplanned because I'm so
excited I can't get comfortable it's
just my life motto my sleeping ask Shh
beauty sleep in progress okay
let's get to the point the point is I
told you guys yesterday or two days ago
or yesterday I don't that the movie had
a release date and I'm so excited you
guys are pumped about it I'm fucking
pumped about it shaking shaking so I
don't know why tickets okay so I told
you guys the movies gonna come out in LA
on September 19 the first showing I
think is at 7 p.m. I'm gonna be there
with a cast I'm gonna meet you guys
whatever I didn't think the tickets were
going on sale until like the night
before tickets are on sale right now and
we still have you have like I mean it's
always pepper fourth so I'm pumped so
here's my plan my plan is for all the
people that want to come to LA to meet
me and see the movie go buy the tickets
right now because hopefully you can get
them before they go out
hopefully they sell out I don't know
maybe they won't maybe nobody cares yeah
anyways hopefully you sell out and
they'll give us more showings like maybe
if we sell it out they'll fucking give
us a bunch of showings and then I can
just be there all weekend meeting you
guys that would be amazing I'm so
excited you guys this is crazy my movies
in a theater like it's in a theatre like
I see me on a big screen like you're
gonna see me on a big screen that
there's a cool is all these people I
don't know what's happening my mom is my
mom let's be honest I don't have friends
yes the movie tickets are done there but
but the link I'll put the link down
there it's AMC Theaters and it's like 12
bucks and the movies unrated which means
you can buy it no matter what age you
are
sorry parents you don't have to bring
their parents but bring them cuz I like
the movie too
I'm so excited this has been the best
month of my life you guys are gonna love
this movie I can't wait and I and I
apologize in advance because once the
movie comes out and once the presale
link for iTunes comes out all this I'm
gonna be making a lot of videos about it
I'm gonna be like guys please please get
it get it get it and I just want to
explain a little bit
why because I don't want you to think
I'm money hungry because honestly I
don't get any money from this because
that's not out olliewood works they let
me make a movie and now whatever money
it makes goes back into the people that
spent the money to make the movie
Michael isn't money my goal for this is
if this movie does well if somehow we
sell out these theaters and somehow you
guys get the movie to like number one on
iTunes when it comes out and whatever
not only does it show Hollywood that
were fucking here and we don't give a
fuck and we don't need a hundred million
dollars to make a fucking movie we can
make a movie with you know a guy with no
money who can just make a good shit it
will show them like watch out you know
and and it'll it'll hopefully just just
make Hollywood wake up and and that
would be amazing and like YouTube I
think YouTube
I think youtubers could be the next
filmmakers I think we can and I think
camp Takota was a great thing and I
think that's it so well and that that
helped and and I'm hoping my movie can
help and anyways I'm talking too much
and also if this movie does well I'll
gonna make another one and that's my
goal so thank you guys for your support
I hope you don't think I see you as like
money it's not about that if I was
trying to make money with you guys I
would be like buy my merch fucking buy
my shirt it's fucking fucking buy and
buy this shirt off my back
fucking Kickstarter like but I'm not
doing that I literally I'm like five
tickets to the movie please they're $12
or buy the movie I think it's give me 10
bucks or something don't torrent it I
don't even understand - and I don't
understand it
although I think I watched Big Brother
on George can I go to jail for that shit
I'm gonna go let me guys
tickets are down there I can't wait to
meet you mmm shaking it's all happening
my movies coming out I hope you hate it
I'm kidding hope you love it
