it was a guy my name is s tree welcome
back to you what the fuck five proud
winner of Baron Strucker sports show on
the internet Awards I just make that
award up yet do I deserve them yeah
anyways thank you so much - Amanda
Brisbane for the topic of this week's
video remember if you'd like to leave
your own suggestion for a future with a
pup 5 episode makes you leave those in
the comments down below that's it for
today's video we count down the top size
band boobie so not surprising to anyone
number one on this list is the human
centipede - where do I start well the
first human centipede saw its fair share
of angry critics and backlash it wasn't
really until the second movie in the
series that they really started to get
bad participate some of you have not
seen the work of art that is the human
centipede or its sequel it's a
fascinating film about a strange German
doctor much like the one in Captain
America only this one isn't trying to
make a super soldier but instead so
people asked to melt sounds riveting
right yeah not easy to masturbate you
that's for sure anyways and although
that might not seem like a big deal and
you're probably wondering why this got
banned it's not so much the premise of
the movies that people had a problem
with but almost more the things that
people say or do in the movie including
but not limited to masturbating with
sandpaper shitting in people's mouths
smashing a baby's head under a gas
though and of course these wonderful
lives would rather fuck that retarded
boy backstopping yeah yeah just making
that swimmy hot which I'm ashamed to
admit that actually that last one that
you heard is actually by text oh yeah
it's really awkward when I'm in the
movie theater and I forget to silence
myself yeah yeah just making dance
really hot all right I forgot silence it
anyway though since the movies released
in 2011 it's been banned in Australia
New Zealand and the UK but really not
bad in enough places to deter the
director from making a third fucking
movie which I've been informed is even
worse yeah I don't hate myself enough to
see it so I'm sure it's just it's
fucking good at the first two though
number two Cannibal Holocaust so this
one is probably the most fucked up on
this list and yes I ever wear I just
covered the human centipede but trust me
this one is worth its Cannibal Holocaust
was a movie that was released in 1980
about a film crew that gets lost in the
Amazon rainforest while filming a
documentary about can
tribe and because of the way that the
movie was filmed it's often considered
one of the first fountain footage horror
movies ever made inspiring a ton of
other movies to do it after including
ads above so below overfilled and be
Blair Witch Project
the same as Haugen movie was the first
of its kind many people believed 100% of
what they were watching on the screen
was part of the documentary that the
film was showcasing and again it wasn't
so much the premise of the movie that
other people it was the crazy shit that
happens in it there's so many things
that I'm going to have to probably blur
out but let's get into it so one point
in the film the male character is
gang-raped one of the tribes members and
her body is left in pelvis fighting at
the end the crew is attacked and
gruesomely eaten by a cannibal tribe but
there was a scene where the characters
had sex in front of the tribes people
where apparently the female actress
actually told the male actor at the time
to actually stick it in her luckily
though I guess that didn't happen not
too much any very real animal abuse that
was shown in the film which included the
actual depths of a pig a turtle a
tarantula a boa constrictor and a spider
monkey on camera in the end the director
of the film was condemned from his
native country of Italy in his film
license revoked for only three years
three years it's basically like that
don't murder any more animals and make
more fucked-up films okay not serious
don't do it for three years and then
you're fine you can do whatever you want
after all that though it caused the film
to be banned in several countries
including Italy and Australia despite
all the controversy though the film is
now considered a timeless horror classic
for pushing the envelope of film
expectations at the time number three
Zack and Miri Make a Porno this one you
may have actually seen already as it was
pretty positive when it came out in 2008
featuring both Seth Rogen and Elizabeth
Banks in a comedy movie about being
forced to make a porn tape to cover
their rent so the movie was pretty well
received a ton of people enjoyed it but
one of the people that didn't enjoy it
was the Minister of Thailand who
believed that it was going to make teens
want to make sex tapes and bandits dude
I don't know if you know this the people
are already making sex tapes man you're
banning this movie is not going to
affect the amount of sex things that are
amazed probably in your country what I
know right who knew apparently no that
wasn't the only reason they blocked it
in Thailand
another reason that they claim to have
blocked it once because it's
quote/unquote depicting sex
oh no not sex that's horrible honestly
man like what is the big deal it really
shows that these people will want to
upset and that's a problem yes because I
don't have sex Wow well that explains it
so Minister of Thailand just needs some
booty guys that's all it is very funny
though two methods administered be like
oh thank God you banned this movie man
because in Rodney watch this movie and
now he has sex with like a ton of
different women
they said 14 pornos a day there's a ton
of money and he's wildly successful I'm
just so glad you were able to protect us
from that nightmare unfortunately if you
don't live in Thailand the movie is
still perfectly legal for you to watch
and you should definitely check it out
if you haven't already number four a
Clockwork Orange
being the oldest movie on this list
makes it one of these first film to ever
get banned released in 1971 a Clockwork
Orange was a story about a man named
Alex the leader of a gang called me drew
so go around stealing raping and beating
people up and I know you look at these
guys you probably think that's been
wearing underwear I probably think that
the game really doesn't look that
threatening at all especially because
they're wearing masks that strangely
look like dildos but on between violence
and rape that took place in the movie
was enough to see it banned in Ireland
Singapore South Africa and South Korea
we've eaten somewhat banned in the UK
due to the filmmakers Stanley Kubrick
getting death threats against him in his
family to which the UK refused to play
the film until hubris death in 1999 for
his protection in addition some
countries banned the film because it
quote glorified game culture and the
time chains in the UK start making their
own games loosely based around the
droogs despite all this though a
Clockwork Orange is still considered one
of the best films of the 70s and
probably of all time I don't know I've
never been robbed by a gay guy that is
probably pretty terrifying but honestly
maybe I'm just a sucker for British
accents because like if you get robbed
by someone with an American accent it's
like giving a fuckin monster rap ticket
being robbed by a British person seems
like it'd be like thank you
give me a woman fuckin wanker oh my god
you're adorable what I said give me a
fuckin wallet off to Papa I'm sorry
that's just the cutest thing I've ever
heard that's a key to robbing me
apparently
I'll give you anything as long as you
rob me with a British accent and finally
at number five is Boris about act that
was a terrible impression I'm truly
sorry about that
though is a movie that I'm sure you've
seen before or the very least heard
about since everyone and their fucking
mothers tried to do with catchphrases
with your movie came out in 2006 and
actually remember watching this movie in
theaters and this watching is like row
after row people just getting up and
walking out of the theater just go so we
haven't seen an Borat is the story of
borat sagdiyev a fictional character
made by Sacha Baron Cohen those
journalistic ambitions lead him to
America to improve his country of
Kazakhstan that Kazakhstan or is it as
closeted kha'zix kazakhstan kazakh
kazakhstan kazakhstan kazakhstan just
seems like it's like the american way to
pronounce it you know I can't say who's
been right and yet Kazakhstan the movie
was a massive critical success making
around 261 million dollars worldwide and
rating a 91 percent on Rotten Tomatoes
not that I really trust rocks matters
because they gave fucking the Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers movie like the old
ones a 41 percent 41 bullshit if he
snuck into however not everyone was a
fan of the movies incredibly dark humour
had to abandon every Arab country except
Lebanon finding that the reason that it
was banned was that it was placing
harmful stereotypes on their people even
the country of Kazakhstan actively
protested the movie until very recently
when they've actually thinks the movie
is creation because of their enormous
tourist boom a sensor at divides
Ministry of information called Borat
vile gross and extremely ridiculous
adding that if all of the offensive
scenes were cut out of the movie only 30
minutes would remain out of the one hour
and 26 minute runtime it sounds about
right
here's the thing though I have an
extremely doctors of humor and this is
one of those movies that you have to go
into the movie you know just with an
open mind knowing that everything is a
joke and not to be taken seriously if
you do that then the movie is actually
pretty good it leads to by opinions but
also I just did in The Orchid do you
think these maybe should have advanced
let me know the comments down below and
that's that exhibitors that's not what
about five hopefully you guys enjoyed
this and if you did make sure to give
this video a like and also subscribe to
the channel as I will be doing these
every single week both of you would make
sure to check out my newest video of my
channel which is my mental age quiz I
felt like I was in a fail list as soon
as I took the quiz I was like I'm going
to be like six years old mentally it
turns out that's not the case so if you
want to see how that ends up make sure
to check that video out in the
description
that's a guys don't do that time for
another what's fun five thanks for
watching
hence bear with great success
what yeah no I can go cool
