ha what's up the guys okay first of all
yes I have cleavage second of all I know
this is not what you're expecting you're
going to get a normal video in like 30
seconds but before we go to the normal
video I have some big news for you
I'm so excited it's so exciting that I'm
holding up my laptop to tell you I
haven't a release date for now cool okay
okay the movies coming out at September
23rd on like Apple TV and your cable
boxes and pretty much anywhere you can
find a movie online it is also going to
be in theaters in Burbank which is in LA
on September 19th I'm going to be there
that entire weekend fucking Friday
Saturday Sunday meeting you guys
hopefully selling out every theater
showing hopefully if you guys come I'll
give you links to tickets and stuff
later and then the following week on the
26th I will be in New York at the AMC 25
I think near Times Square and I'll be
doing the same thing I'll be there all
weekend meeting you guys and yeah but
the countdown begun now coulis is a 20
to about 1/2 20 to 22 days away that's I
think that's right hey cleavage see you
guys later buddy oh yeah yeah hey pencil
guys guess I'm standing I'm wearing a
shirt that's too tight I mean this time
for an ass Shane oh this shirt I mean
doesn't even fit at this point I should
just be naked you can literally see my
nipples you can see my fat arms you can
almost see a happy trail I think you
actually can completely see my happy
trail
cool yes I am going to answer some of
your guys's questions that were in the
comments section of the last act Shane
and I'm hoping that they're gonna get
graphic and gross I don't have to help
they just will Elmo wants to know can
you count to 20 with your mouth closed I
can do a lot of things with my mouth
closed stay out of trouble
yikes yes I can ready
honey boom bitch Gerardo wants to know
you have an inny or an outy I'll let you
know once the hair leaves really can't
see it we're gonna want you to know
lettuce on your dick or dick on your
lettuce got either way I really love
salad is there ranch involved see what I
did there
what about a couple group thumbs think
that's insinuating at really crunchy
balls delicious I'm gonna go with
lettuce on my dick Michelle wants to
know what's your favorite horror movie
obviously scream I've seen it 100
million times I do the voice all the
time I call my mom and I'm like watchin
exactly and then she said stop calling
me not because she thinks I'm a serial
killer but because she has caller ID and
she knows it's her son aren't though
nasty wants to know do you listen to
Lana Del Ray no I don't up until a few
months ago I thought she was a nickname
for a mama and then I heard her music
and I was like sounds like a llama I'm
kidding I've never heard her music Carla
wants to know are you used to your hair
yet no every time I look in the mirror I
go oh but then I'm okay I mean I did
that before but that was more because I
was just looking at my face but now that
I can see more of my face it's more
taking a long time to get you scooped
Diana wants to know mustard or ketchup
ketchup obviously anything that looks
like diamonds stupidity wants to know
are you a top or a bottom I assume
you're talking about books
I'm obviously at the table Bradley wants
to know Rihanna or Ariana Grande I'm
gonna go with Ariana Grande because she
follows me on Twitter name drop bang I
wants to know who would win in a fight
you or Joey Graceffa I mean me I'm gonna
make a joke about it I'm stronger
there's a lot of suck my ass I don't
know what this means but it sounds tasty
what is your take on Troye Sivan's new
EP I think it's cool good for him he's
making music he's a youtuber I support
every youtuber who does everything so
boom I also know how old he is
think he's 11 he might be 25 I don't
know either way so Lily wants to know
hey Shane can you take me on a date
no you're 9 although you probably love
checking cheese
I love chuck-e-cheese I think we're
gonna work out great never mind I'll
call you Bob wants to know how do you
turn on your camera like this oh damn
good today
Oh God Oh
s bleeding my cameras into some weird
chip well I think that's enough
questions about my sex life and my ass
and my balls so I think that's it guys
if you want to ask me more questions
leave them down in the comments also
make sure to give me a thumbs up
subscribe if you want to if you don't
suck a dick and I love you guys hope you
have fun hang with me - Inc you can also
you mom hi Allison ah she's a new best
friend
I am hi and you're my new best friend
yes because you're 18 it's fine now it's
legal um I know I'm very sad to think
podcast what you revealed a lot of stuff
it was kind of juicy yeah I liked it so
much
you're my favorite like I listen your
podcasts all the time so really so
excited to be on this she revealed some
juicy stuff
