well I had to pretend to give a handjob
during my audition sorry what yeah Wow
sorry you're first who got you this
first idea Craigslist educated yeah
Craig's now great you too will love your
squatty potty go to squatty potty com
use the code 100 and receive a what I
was just trying to listen to a little
ariana grande and then a fucking
commercial for squatty potty a toilet
company comes up actually I do kind of
have to poop right now could probably
use a squatty potty what the fuck is a
squatty potty and who agreed to do
testimonials for that hi my name is
marine I really love pooping can I talk
about it on the radio sure marine what's
your story well I was constipated for
five weeks oh we really packed up i sat
on the squatty potty and it all flowed
out of my butt like I sat on a sword
great Thank You marine anyways hey guys
what's up speaking of commercials and
radio and weird people I'm at my podcast
right now I'm very excited because well
I'm not excited ok what's the word I am
mixed emotions it is my first podcast
without Lauren and I am I'm excited
about it I'm sad obviously you know miss
Lauren well I'm excited because it's
like a new beginning and you know this
podcast will have a fresh kind of new
energy because you know me and Lauren
were like an old married couple and now
I'm getting like a new hotter wife I'm
like I'm like trying to you know I'm
saying like we're gonna do a little bit
play now I'm kidding it'll just be
different and and you know I'm always
excited about it a little bit of a
changeup today my co-host I'm gonna
start doing what like Regis and what
Kelly Ripa did when Regis died did he
die
Nicky died I don't know she went through
some different co-hosts and then she
like picked one to be her black got her
black guy who I still don't quite know
who that guy is either way today I have
Alison Rosen who is my favorite
podcaster her podcast is called Alison
Rosen is my new best friend and I've
been listening to her for years so very
excited and I'm excited that she's going
to be my co-host and then we're gonna be
interviewing Gen X Penn who I've been
calling gen XP forever and that's not
her name so it's gonna be awkward let's
do this
how's it you guys we just did the
podcast I'm here with Jen hi Allison oh
she's a new best friend I am hi and
you're my new best friend yes because
you're 18 it's fine
it's legal um I know I'm very excited
how do you think podcast went you
revealed a lot of stuff it was kind of
juicy yeah I liked it so much
you're my favorite like I listened to
your podcast all the time so realize so
excited to be on this she revealed some
juicy stuff I'm not gonna give it away
go there's a link down there go check it
out you revealed some stuff that I'm
probably gonna get a text from you later
saying please delete that but I'm not
going to no it's fine it's nothing it
involves a lot of jerking we're gonna
move on how do you I get one it also
involves roommates I know I'm gonna tell
them as soon as they get older I thought
it went well um I'd like to say I'm
sorry I may have bummed everyone out
near the very end no no I thought you
kept it real it was so real
it was sad yeah it was sad you told it
you listened you told us out story but I
related and I almost cried but then I
held back cuz I don't want you to cry
and then I didn't want to end on us all
crying yeah that would be that I I loved
it a lot I feel like we a lot of I
learned a lot of stuff about the YouTube
community you learned a lot okay now
PewDiePie do you remember who he is yes
he's someone who makes a buttload of
money playing video yeah at Smosh do you
remember who they are yes they're two of
you when you have longer hair you guys
must like them though yes love them okay
and you already knew the jenna Marbles
was yes I know Jenna moe
all right you're good you're good you're
good question of the day guys down there
in the comments leave Alison a question
about YouTube and when I go on her
podcast I'll ask her well it's a pop
quiz perfect
I'm gonna say uh what do you think the
Shaytards do am I supposed to answer
that right now cuz I actually know the
answer
oh you do yeah I do cuz I met mr. Sheth
the dogs
mr. target our dad didn't he have to
give himself a enema or something and he
has a baby yeah all about that great
teeth an enema he has a baby shake oh
yeah
nice to leave a harder question all
right you guys we're gonna go and I'm
gonna go pee she's gonna go poop and
then you're gonna go cry about this in
the car ha ha and the podcast is done I
went really well I'm very very excited I
you know is little nervous how is it
gonna go
Alex I think it's one of the best
podcasts that I've ever done I think was
fun it was funny I think it got a little
sad near the end but I kind of liked
that Alison was amazing
a great guest host Jen was hilarious you
guys are gonna fuckin love this episode
go get it right now
fucking it's free motherfucker
SoundCloud icon slash eight your friends
out the link dinner it's on iTunes - I
think any of you guys actually use
iTunes podcasting if you do there's an
app app store podcast app kind of shitty
but I mean it works sometimes and I said
I'm going to go home and work on some
videos and planta who my next guest is
gonna be I'm feeling good today
also I have three pimples my Orion's
belt science never thought you learned
that on my channel did you what you did
as you guys happy a funny goofy at
finding with you
I'll show you mom my baby hope legs look
amazing
yeah okay
