welcome to bomb.com well we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet while we can't doubt that 5
seconds of summer bassist Calum hood is
Australian because his penis is
comparable to a boomerang or at least
the way he was holding it this musician
snapchat dick pics were recently leaked
to the Internet to a symphony of the
lighted teen girl screams this turned
out to be sort of inkblot to hormonal
teens as fans of 5sos are comparing his
tender bits to various items including a
boomerang large shrimp on the Bobby
maybe even a slinky or a door handle the
basis is shaking it all in stride
tweeting least you know what it looks
like now and I'm still just a kid
learning from my mistakes
: paren that achill I think he's
handling it super well and obviously his
fans are still supporting him so I would
say but for you I do wonder in the
history of leach nudes this could
possibly rival dylan sprouse Brad Pitt
and Angelina Jolie got married somewhere
in France I guess they're not youtubers
and I don't even think they have
Twitter's so uh the VMAs were this past
weekend and I missed all of it so I'm
going to see what information I can
gather via the Internet's
hello I have dressed in business
business e clothes cuz we're gonna get
down to business the business of the
Video Music Awards what happened there
we are going to figure it out I will
start by searching VMAs 2014 that will
probably be the only thing I end up
searching news about the VMAs Solange
was there but she didn't beat jay-z up I
believe this is a positive I typically
am NOT a big fan of violence as it
induces a blunt sometimes and
bloodstains things watch the entire show
on demand in the words of somebody on
the internet ain't nobody got time fo
dat we're going to move on backstage
interviews view the VMA winners let's
just cut right to the chase okay best
editing that's a category
that's weird a best direction well I
mean seems like one direction would have
won that AO Miley Cyrus a little shady
that he swizzle by not looking too
pleased during her shake it off
performance but honestly that shouldn't
concern Taylor because she can just I
feel like I learned a lot about the
video maze of course there's a lot of
categories and I'm sure Beyonce did
something pretty and great so cool but
if Miley Cyrus didn't even twerk did we
even care this week on YouTube I learned
that Tyler Oakley's collab month all
guest is ending but not before hashtag
troyler makes it come back now I'm not
usually a fan of drugs watching these
two messy boys try pot was a pretty
funny experience they didn't try pot as
in like marijuana they've made pots I
just wanted to let you know my stance on
semi illicit substances oh okay you need
to just focus and come out me when I was
50 weight legit this looks so good we're
doing it my plow was in it know in honor
of all guests and specifically this
video I thought I would show you how to
make a great paper snowflake hey guys
it's sexy Lexi 12 here and today I'm
gonna be teaching you how to make a
paper snowflake so the first thing
you're gonna want to do in making a
paper snowflake is to get a piece of
paper you'll want it to be not too big
but not too small
and because if it's too big or too small
and it's like too different from all the
other ones the next step is you're going
to take the paper and you're going to
fold it in a bunch of ways and that's
what's gonna give it its pizzazz and
pizzazz oh and make it super fun and in
the next step you're gonna want to do is
you're gonna want to open your freezer
and put the paper inside your freezer
and then after a few measures of time
you can take it out and it's gonna be
frozen like a paper snowflake you're
welcome for this super useful super fun
and Corky
DIY bye guys art thank you for watching
this artistic episode of bomb.com
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode make sure to give it
an enormous thumbs up and head on over
to youtube.com slash Alexis streets all
check out my latest video here's a tiny
tiny preview Oh mega Wow
that was great you can also follow me on
any of my social media using the links
in the description wouldn't that be fun
this question of the day what are your
thoughts on the in boomerang dick pic
and how do you think he's handling it as
I said I think he's handling a great
soup cache keeping it chill but I want
to know what you think so good yeah
