oh let me take a picture with you I'm
such a big fan I'm like okay as she's
taking a picture she was yeah my brother
didn't think it was you because we
thought you know Shane Dawson would look
so much better in person
oh snap it's taken hey guys - - scaring
me I'm sorry I get loud and excited okay
two two two two it's like a boat it's
like a ship brave exactly no way a ship
would be like over makes a sound really
fat though and we're gonna notice any
heavy guys yes we are celebrating the
ship today she's a shell abrasion
abrasion show masturbation no but it's
like so extubation whoa yeah yes we're
celebrating the ship that that is named
Shoei
over on Joey's Channel we talked about
how we met and how the ship was created
and how it is sailing and over here
we're gonna appreciate you guys because
you helped make the ship right so we're
going to be watching a couple fan videos
we're going to be doing some ask silly
questions and yeah Wow
yeah the first I'm hearing of this I
make y'all like okay and what else do we
do we should also just like fuck each
other cuz that's all you guys want right
would you fuck but though mmm that's oh
no let's talk about that for a minute
well it's just like break it down like
okay say for example ship was never
created and like we're walking on the
street you're going to Whole Foods like
I'm going to KFC and then we like bump
into each other like Freaky Friday
moment and we switch bodies
yeah like we switch bodies ready would
you be happy being me yeah cool I'd
rather be Lindsay Lohan is what you're
saying yeah good to know
so let's start with uh washing this fan
video
I'm gonna type in shall we say I'm sick
okay and see what happens
oh my god that one has like five million
views what
which one huh oh my god we needed to
another one of those okay there's a lot
of you and Sawyer with a fuck not
jealous
there's also a lot of you and who the
hell is that bitch this one looks good
this one is called Joey's diary
Joey fanfic look bad ooh the 3rd of
August 2015
last year the epic music dear diary
scary music oh my god I've gotten said
it but in my possess a guy's when I
can't read the song well she ODS my name
on a Joey Joey Graceffa told Annalise is
my story
I had to fall for Shane Lee ah
cuz he's more widely known oh that's my
Shane Dawson Oh laughing slow motion
video and what you're thinking shouldn't
that kiss have been the best thing that
ever happened to me well it was until I
found the cameras I didn't go to come I
watch over this pretty surprised to see
me standing here change there's
something you know I said yes jelly
decent-size I said it seeing the look of
shock about his face I got in red
well if that's me being scared I'm so
shocked right there
Joey don't go I turned around to look
back at him just fucking attend no
looking out I don't know give me a good
reason why I shouldn't he looked at me
I didn't have stops myself incise oh
that face because Joey I broke up with
Lisa for a reason my eyes widen what did
you mean I only didn't reply because I
was so shocked as someone his perfect
did you would somebody like me
Oh
I'm like sweating no machine how you
ever say no to you okay everything and
then we were kissing my world because oh
wow
single day even more and promotion ah ah
I got into it Oh on the dick right there
Oh Joey shame forever motive oh my god
oh oh I love it
that's honestly the most beautiful thing
I've ever seen
I love them who made that that was from
shall we Josefa it wasn't really yeah I
liked her I loved her
that was beautiful I loved it I don't
think anything can top that no there is
though a lot of people reading fan
fictions but they're also five years old
and I don't know if I want to see if I
be real talk about my day know in the
comments it's fine but like seeing it to
the face I love singing too but hey
right now he's on Twitter we're gonna
read some of your guys's questions for
ask Joey
okay Lily once you know do you guys like
strippers depends on what you mean I
love I don't know how this relates to
show me but I feel bad for strippers why
I don't know but I just I got over there
know though making videos like we do is
kind of like stripping to you it's
really embarrassing we're showing too
much of ourselves pretty but we're also
not getting like fucked in the ass by
something bouncer guy that's not a
stripper I mean maybe that happens with
the foot part of the job it's like
extracurricular mmm redly extra credit
yeah that's a good to fab for you wants
to know how do your farts taste how they
taste
well yours tastes like herky jerky jerky
um yours tastes like skittle
taste the maple right Monica wants to
know what do you like about each other
oh I like this one when you go first
your long hair but it's gone now so
there's like not much left it's cool um
well I was going to go with your
integrity loyalty you know every time I
text you text right back sometimes not
really and I see the little three dot
thing which means you're writing
something and then it goes away and then
maybe like two days later he texts me
which makes me think why did it go away
did you tell you say that you were too
afraid times me maybe you were saying I
love you maybe we're afraid just like
the video I'm actually doughy drosera
I know it's a shot reveal and last but
not least Lily wants to know would you
guys actually ever have sex with each
other like be honest like be are you
into each other like be honest like
let's be honest let's be honest if there
was like a paper bag around and like
some colored pencils I could draw and
then like I would put a blindfold on and
that's a look at challenge I like it Oh
what was rude um ha ha ha um yeah I
think so I think we have chemistry even
though like body language wise we don't
because I saw this show where they
talked about body language and we're
both crossing our legs to the opposite
sides which means we hate each other Oh
anyways next year we can make another
one of these videos and his feel final 8
min his real feelings right but until
then hope you guys have fun hang with us
we have my name with you if you wanna
check us out doing uh something else
what we do in there again we explain how
show II was invented Franks which you
didn't even remember a lot of it which
really offends me but whatever I blacked
out all of those memories all the
memories in my lovely long hair I play
cards Yazzie environment
click on his face go subscribe check out
the video and give us a thumbs up
subscribe if you want if you don't suck
a dick and you like that I'm trying it
out so go if you want to be down started
oh but then again they might want to
second it right so subscribe if you want
if you don't we'll do it right oh do it
I will see you tomorrow will you um I
will are you going to be I don't know my
heart by weird
did you have an Egyptian to work a the
sex
