Oh got a little Doody bubble hey guys do
you like anal sex God anal sex so let's
see how many times in this video I can
say the words anal sex don't do it that
sounds so scary okay here's the thing
angle sex I feel like you know sex like
I just feel like all these videos have
gross titles like you know English and I
just feel like maybe this video could be
not gross at all except for the fact
overseeing anal sex every festival feels
like I don't think it can anal sex not
be gross if we're not saying I'll say if
we're even if they're just saying it or
you turns out right now you just looked
at me like you wanted to kiss me I'm
just like anal sex that's really the
fucking question it's five then we're
going to have anal sex weird did you
happen to work anal sex what's it like
seeing the other person for the first
time what what was it like seeing each
other for the first time I was like oh
there's a whore Craigslist I was like it
looks like that kind of Phoenix yeah
what is she a slut
yeah
you see also tastes like chicken I think
it was a chicken that's true nice wine
alright alright what's your favorite
thing to do together you know sex still
to Kate do you have any sexual fetishes
they don't think Melissa give any sexual
fetishes no I don't know today no sex no
we don't even have sex so what kind of
fetishes could be really cute affection
shove a cupcake up there whoa no Trisha
Paytas told me that if you stick your
penis in a cupcake or anything sugary
the sugar rushes to your bloodstream
faster you charged it didn't you but if
you're wanting to know pavilions is the
best cake Oh watch out for those candles
low who's a better cook uh what we both
buy things good you know I'm really
getting good at like he did things up
I'm really good at eating things you are
oh Emily wants to know what was hardest
part about being away from Shane when he
was working on not cool probably missing
this guy I would say not a damn thing I
didn't really good while you were gone I
guess like have the whole place to
myself the place was very immaculate and
I just had a blast it's such a lot you
called me literally every day crying yes
you did and I was like I'll take hey oh
my gosh today's business hello hello
it's great that's great
um you either go okay and then I was
like oh okay but I'm gonna go that you
know sex is going by yeah tail blades
wants to know what's the most annoying
thing about each other there's nothing
annoying about you well I feel like
you're annoying
yellow me sometimes allergy I do have
high energy is Donna my college I'm high
maintenance I'm a woman
when I go I click on if you wanna be
stars I do it's like you're mad xenon
hair honey it'll clean up know how to
fold laundry but here you know you're
really connect we want to see them
you're hairy know like hairy like you
shaved the name of the hair in the sink
you know you're really good
no sex this is I hope you guys are
putting in the three of living with you
anal sex if you want to see more guys
jisuk / her channel oh yeah yeah little
bit hey mom hey mom why didn't you why
you didn't have an abortion simply what
I saw that I'm not gonna repeat that all
I said was why didn't you have popcorn
no you did
