to bomb.com or we talked about the
things that are buzz on the internet
probably know something that has been
positively sweeping the internet lately
I'm more specifically the United States
Internet has been the ALS ice bucket
challenge to those who think we have
been randomly pouring water on our heads
in honor of American sign language you
would be mistaken the challenge itself
is relatively simple as long as you have
a phone or some other device with the
camera ice a bucket and some water urine
is not a recommended substitute the
videos themselves don't take very much
time so they're accepted across any
social media platform the person taking
the challenge explains the cause and
then nominates three people to do it
next suspense those people must then
participate in the next 24 hours or
donate $100 to ALS research
they then dump a bucket of ice water
over their heads personally I think this
challenge is awesome it is spreading the
word like crazy and donations have been
skyrocketing it is fast simple and a
little messy like a one-night stand for
charity speaking of water I could
probably say that before anything as
majority of living creatures who acquire
water anyway fish a fisherman recently
caught a white bass that has apparently
not been receiving proper love and
attention from his parents that or it
has an H on its back
the fish just keeps swimming back to him
which is more than I can say for any of
my pets fluffy fluffy
where are you fluffy fluffy where are
you mom horse Muffy died like a year ago
Oh Taylor Swift released a new music
video and I am going to watch it got my
laptop right here I'm gonna start typing
in ta Y into YouTube and we all know
what's gonna happen next
yep Taylor Swift shake it off it is the
first thing that pops up have to watch
an ad because what I get money get paid
belly oh I'm already into it
accidentally leather pants she's pulling
them off and kind of like a way that's
like I'm aware I'm not pulling these off
to the point where she is pulling them
off because she's good at some things
and bad at other things but that won't
stop her from doing what she wants to do
and what she enjoys doing power to the
people
how do you dance with your fingers yes
okay I don't even need to finish this I
like it
I just I think this is just such an
eloquent way of saying you to the people
that don't like her how do I get this
tape off my hand shake it off
thank you for watching this swag episode
of bob.com hopefully we didn't hit you
with a awesome internet shrapnel if you
didn't enjoy this episode make sure to
give it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis she's all to
check out my latest video that has to do
with nightmares in the description of
this video you will also find links to
all of my social media you can follow me
if you feel like it's question of the
day have you done the ice bucket
challenge I feel like every other post
on all of my social media is somebody
doing the ice bucket challenge so I'm
curious if it has affected you as
thoroughly
