this is great your new caretaker I see
you
inky black it's a man it's why ooh I
think I hit myself again
hashtag train it's been a while
last time we do this I was wearing a wig
oh you admitted that to your peeps oh I
told you don't watch my videos either
we're friends now we don't have to that
how that works obviously once I think
I'm friends with somebody I never look
at any of it
but I still watch your videos that's
true I'm watching this one right now I
like live living for it that's what guys
yes I'm here web USA yes blonde Sun doll
MJ per month on the farm day oh she
loves animals and gay people and we are
gonna be the kidney challenge it's true
I killed a duck for this all right
Monica not tell that you hate animals
but you love that you love me I'm an
animal I'm like a bear mm-hmm but not if
you were really a bear I would have
talked to you you have a dog which is
proud to say that I guess everybody knew
Eve another candy all cuz you guys love
them we love candy we're fat we love it
what lump me in with the fat you said we
were selling your video but I can't do
that in my video I feel like you're
audience but yeah she's actually fat
though whatever they whatever then your
intro is cooler we didn't get to do the
training thing for mine we're pretty
okay so I went to a place called the
Sugar Factory and Bob way too much shit
yeah literally if we waited and like 10
babies literally it's like 10 babies and
waves and literally your month of rent
late okay I'm gonna turn it off
okay I'm really really excited the first
thing I got was obvious Pez adores
honestly I've never eaten out of a black
girl before
oh I'm not sorry I love
yeah what's her name's Kelly Kelly did
I'm not dead guys I'll see it that's
cute that's funny do you think one day
we're gonna be dead never you will live
forever you'll you'll die young and
pretty sure okay well I'm putting this
in show your next thing you're in die
young because of all the sugar we're
gonna die young because I literally just
want to snake meat out of sugar and this
thing is amazing it's called a giant
gummy snake the scariest thing that's
that's the sex play no you can't put
this up your butt one time I watched a
sex got me to the ER brilliant show I
think you've been on my episode I did
anal bleeding from like a bobby pin of
course you said then no but this girl
melted one of these on her chest and it
burned off all of her skin oh wait is
that a thing yeah she melted gummies on
her boobs cuz if I want to eat it off
room B it that'd be a challenge how is
that oh my god blackjack is great how's
your snake dick okay wait do like them I
think I can have it go all the way down
your throat I'm gonna die oh my god guru
gossip love get in know like diver take
it you can take a kick out cold
oh you'll love it oh I'm hanging in
that's fucking impressive
what's the spot hey listen that was
impressive you're welcome on her Channel
I had one of these but this is a
different flavor and this is an Oreo
rice crisps it's super bougie but look
the middle it's like a like a Oreo
though that's it okay here's the thing
they all taste good but they all smell
like glue it's probably how they pulled
it together cuz how isn't that be hell
you literally puked every time we got
candy home honestly though it's a
problem it is a problem I'm worried
about it oh my gosh Nick don't die oh my
god started this fun this is the 1990s
nostalgic candy mix that's when I was
alive no that's why I got it because
it's like this was like our era yeah
eighties one but I'm in either one of us
remembers the 80s so here's 90s this is
when we were like so sad and me lick
dress Oh
we still are haha not much has changed
let's see all the goodies that comes in
there
oh the find you oh yeah I excited wait
how is hurry so they still shell the
shit bubble yard all set so 90s nerd
phone actually these were pretty
nineties the pushpot oh yeah pops were
good ba-ba-ba-ba or have a bubble around
no it's here what is this toxic waste
fuckin love the toxic so my case that's
what our shit limit for it our Patch
Kids kind of got ripped off
this is literally just all the candidate
left over this show is so expensive it's
like now well this will make up for cuz
this is the fifties when we were really
born I mean yes this is the fifties I'm
kidding yeah got that bitch open all
right let's see what was here these are
um terrible those there little soda
bottles that you bite the ends off uh
like nipple juice inside you eat that
it's wax
yeah watch try what I'm good you have to
it's just like sucking a tiny baby dick
yeah about at the top don't swallow a
kiss wax but uh I mean you suck it this
is horrible go get it mmm
Verne Troyer though let me warn on a
period though looks like your dog on its
period what clean dog is a little tiny
dip with the period we thought it's a
girl
okay right living that's good that's
awful what else here oh there's sugar
daddies there's a black taffy love it
Murray any buttons
ah what are tucking where's mom we'll
call her mom get her over here necklace
whoo you know what I'd love to do with
these though make my weapon why no oh my
god wake over there let me shoot you the
face
are you kidding I'm not gonna get hurt
why don't I shoot you in the face honey
no oh destroyed when we do candy oh I
just broke something expensive chill out
excuse me - ooh
would you get open it it's blue lavery
young now oh that looks really good
that's like that easy
yeah is Angie's like glue the
oh but there's a weird glue right like
when you're face up to it it's like oh
it's not supposed to be eating
I know these are edible this is my
better than ones you have you get all
that weird Shannon middle
I need this opposed to press pressure
that's why I'm eating it well this is
something that we could do together
Oh junk then the zones like we are goes
easier all right see if this fits
oh my knees are my panties oh they'll
double a bit I don't know where any more
candy I loves it I'm so fancy
oh yeah candy junk is that a paradise
look really good oh that's actually so
hot though nothing for it though wait
you just walk out in public like this
yeah you're just like your deck looks
huge dramatically go by hump it though
no eat it you have to eat it okay my
dick is case I know go down where like
my boob nose Oh Flavia they said my
mouth wait mmm-hmm this tea tastes like
good though has anyone ever got me ain't
it eat wait it's all day
hope you enjoy the caddy all if you want
to see part two go over to gist channel
click on your tits right now and
subscribe and um eat it I feel like you
should be more of my boobs
mm-hm my weight huh that's so attractive
might not me other for you are always so
attractive mm I'm always like oh my
family friend Trisha oh the reason I
picked its
thumbnails where everybody's like
laughing because it makes people be like
oh it's so fun no there's literally
there's literally a candy ha I think it
was like the last one worm is like
terrified like a fucking troll a fucking
for all things shame well I'm not known
hope you guys finger those winds at hang
with you and make sure to stay on the
cheese
don't you just made that up we do good
we didn't use the hashtag drain part
bullets aren't there okay hashtag train
nobody have to Train nobody ever does
that of you guys bye
well this is bad oh this is room it's
really hard to do your eyes closed to
scare than he is in real life and this
is not good you know art is gay you know
what though you're kidding right and you
know but in a good way in a good way
yeah I wish my or more of my art was
more gay
I was art scissor
