first client will see you now
just go over don't you yes I do it
nigga you know and you know what that
first board said I became someone else
was it exciting I channeled somebody
having a seizure yes yes and it went
through my body and I somehow translate
a vid this is Nikki I've known her
forever and we've never clapped before
because you don't do these yeah no I
just started doing these she's never
done a collab before or a challenge
before you don't clap yeah I think lives
like in your videos on your sketch stuff
like that but no not the like not the
YouTube challenge tag stuff I'm gonna
prove it I'm getting into it and I like
it and you're they like the collab King
so makes me want to kill myself but
thanks you're the king you earned that
status by the many collabs you have done
over years and years and years and years
I don't know what he did whoa hey this
is this wall has to be for that
your Bloods very easy so we're gonna do
a challenge I don't know what to do I
thought I got some sharpies in paper I
thought maybe we could do the drawing
youtubers challenge yeah it's a classic
I like it already and I like drawing you
do yeah you could well my mom says yeah
she put my drawing room afraid mr. was
it to keep you away from the first
reform killing missile yeah this just
got sad here's a sharpie okay so here's
how it's gonna go on the count of 100 I
just made that up we're gonna close our
eyes and then we both have to draw the
same youtuber and we're going to open
our eyes and see we drew a better okay
so its eyes closed I suppose no see I
don't know eyes closed if I can drop in
well didn't say that all right I should
be draw first I want like an easy start
I'm gonna do like a nice somebody Tyler
Oakley he has a lot of very easy feature
okay okay okay yeah okay okay I got it
okay and God well this is
oh this is real it's really hard to do
your eyes closed to scare than he is in
real life and this is not good you know
art is gay you know what though you're
right and you know but in a good way in
a good way yeah I wish my art more of my
art was more gay I wish our art scissor
don't we must know my Tyler Oakley and
ready yes show me yours first show them
- oh jeez he has a floating here's Tyler
Oakley I couldn't remember where I ended
his head so his body just kinda went up
here I tried to give him like a nice
colored button-down shirt like he wears
this is talk bubble and he's think
tumblr mes glasses wow he looks like a
South Park character yeah not that one
come here oh here's a like mr. mag
consciously
self-park so okay so his face is not bad
so those are his glasses in his hair
he's holding my pretties covered in them
he's holding a Teen Choice right so it's
a it's a surfboard this is teens on it
his flowery shirts which just look like
hairy nipples what is a choice of work
coming from his crotch he shove it this
but okay you didn't have a pocket big
enough and then he's holding a whole
thing oh no that's a dirty diaper
in it because he just did this shot of a
little challenge okay that's pretty good
I like it even you made the in the
diapers
I made an emoji editor should okay yeah
who do you think won oh we have to ask
them oh do we judge that's my first time
wait Steve oh yeah Steve you have to
judge this we're drawing youtubers with
our eyes closed yeah first of all who do
you think this is damn the glass
although on the right so me yeah oh you
couldn't tell you had glasses on honey
I'm sorry
yeah yeah that's one for me all
right next one oh you pick a youtuber is
next okay wait by the way say hi to them
something yeah so you're not just a man
with Steve guys yeah
oh thank you that inspired me I'm
 ready alright yeah all right I
got a youtuber okay oh dude Miranda
sings that's perfect okay miranda sings
mirandasings oh I'm gonna get extra
credit for this one it's better be
 amazed yeah seriously like this
will better have like it's going to be a
cool next trip really - you know what
Nicki just drew an angry Asian woman
with your eyes open
extra credit okay - wait for and after
oh so it's her and then that's her with
the lipstick at one though is nothing
you do incredible circles with your why
is her face off her head well cuz he has
eyes closed you know all right look I
mean I gotta give it to Nicki
once I mean even though it does look
like an Asian woman if this was a
foreveralone thing you nailed that but
but she you know the Asian will take the
Asian woman alright
wait I'm gonna drop you with my eyes
closed me too oh my god it looks just
like me oh my god who's this better a
shame we are you oh my god mmm that's
true we're gonna go that was that your
first challenge yeah youtuber drawing
challenge oh do you want to Sarah ship
name our ship name is hashtag shaky if
you want to check out another shanky
video go over to Nick's channel so try
to check it out we did the bean boozled
challenge he got a bit bean boozled fade
to suicide
telling us who you think won and have
fun I love you guys
you know who like has the more creative
one
probably one I hope all the comment is
bad what happened to Stephen Shane why
was this for so long
yeah what happened our next that's the
next video all right you guys ah who do
you think is the kinkiest I'm gonna go
with Joey okay I went to his room but
she got newly decorated there was a lot
of weird going on there are some
swords there wasn't gloves there was
like a big J like antlers on like the
and I was like what's that for he's like
I hang my
