hey what's up you guys yes welcome back
to another creepy video now a few weeks
ago we talked about some of the scariest
childhood myths we talked about the
boogeyman and the monsters that it made
under your bed we talked about eating
certain foods that might make your
stomach explode we even talked about the
myth that if you swallowed gum they
would stay in your body for seven years
now all of those myths are scary when
you're a child but the older you get the
more you realize that monsters don't
exist and swallowing gum is something we
shouldn't leave it but there are some
things in your teenage years that are
actually leaving the scarier now today
we're not going to be talking about
monsters under your bed or go steady in
your closet well can we talk about some
we can mix that I remember from a
mutator and ketamine
first we're going to be talking about
myths revolving around masturbation now
masturbation is completely normal and
it's something that most people do but
when I was a teenager there were so many
myths around I wanted the creepiest with
that masturbating too much would make
you go blind you know you can go blind
from that too in these five minutes
we'll go check out that house I know it
sounds crazy especially now that I'm all
grown up but when I was a teenager I
really did think about it a lot I would
lay in my bed and start to masturbate
and I literally couldn't even finish
because I would think oh my god what it
right when I'm done I opened my eyes and
all I see is how am I going to explain
it to my mom how am I going to explains
to the people in my life I'm going to go
to the doctor and they're going to say
sorry son you masturbated too much how
your eyesight is going on
I thought masturbating was going to ruin
my life now obviously it's not true that
you're not going to go blind from
history but that meant along with a lot
of others was created because there's
just weird feeling over Jewett's live
masturbating there's also a weird
feeling of shame especially when you're
a teenager the last thing you want is
for people to know actually I mean I
remember even laying and play bed and I
would start to do it and I would just
stare at the door and I couldn't even so
because all I could think about is
somebody walking in that door and
catching me or somebody knocking on that
door and asking what are you doing and I
have to make up some elaborate lie but
now that I'm older I would just be like
I'm jerking off I'll be on a minute
besides blindness
there was another myth I used to think
about a lot and that is the myth that
you cannot straight too much you will
grow hair on your palms oh dude there's
no what I think it is is it a board a
nurse was hot now obviously this one is
not true the first of all there's no
hair follicles on your palm so growing
it there would be almost impossible but
this myth came from the same place that
a lot of other weird sexual myths came
from and that's the darky and another
myth that was created during those times
there's something called a chastity belt
now what a chastity belt was with an
iron or metal belt that was put around
the girls with Jim and you couldn't get
into it because it was literally wrong
and the idea was that the King would put
this around his daughters waist to
ensure that no guys got in here now I
thought this was real
I thought they'd actually disrespect
that I mean I even remember clips from
movies where they would you a chastity
belt
oh that's going to chafe my women but
supposedly it was just a man so feel
free to masturbate as much as you want
and girls don't worry your dad is not
going to put a lock on your vagina now
there's a lot of other scary myths that
come along with being a teenager and a
lot of them involve teen print
now listen first of all I'm just going
to say teen pregnancy and sometimes be
scary but the only way you can get
pregnant is from actual penetration sex
but when I was a kid I remember hearing
so many myths that you could get
pregnant a lot of different things the
first one was getting pregnant from a
toilet seat now the idea was that if you
girl and you sat down at a public
bathroom onto toilet seat there was a
chance that some homeless guys sperm or
some pervert that was jerking off the
mayor earlier would have left their
semen on the seat and it would crawl up
inside of you and make you Christ live
not number one spermidine quickly after
it comes out of it so the chances of
somebody coming onto a toilet seat and
then later a girl sitting down if the
sperm would be number two sperm has to
go directly inside of the vagina for
there to even be a chance of getting
pregnant so the sperm literally you
can't like jump from the toilet beat it
from China and there's another myth
that's in kind of the same area as this
I remember having this one I want its
commit that you can get pregnant just
from sitting and jacuzzi that's one
buddy has sex and pregnant but we we
never last month - OH
but we're wearing our swimsuits keeps a
hot to have a perfect temperature for
spare minute it helps it swim faster
okay
now this is something I still think
about not getting pregnant obviously but
the idea of going in a Jacuzzi or a pool
somebody had sex in and the sperm is -
like swimming around and getting in my
mouth and closed but once again that is
not possible you cannot get pregnant
from sperm swimming through a hot tub
into your vagina and I know the idea of
swimming pool that somebody might appeal
or judges in it's gross but just
remember the fact that you also probably
swim in the ocean and that is fucking
crazy I'm not going to talk about the
things I have found in the ocean water
when I went swimming one time I found a
actual piece of shit inside of a duty
dose bed floating way past me done so
the only way you can actually get
pregnant is from having sex without this
is where we're going to kind of get into
a gross area there are some myths that
you can use other objects instead of
condoms and it will work there are dark
Internet where people have talked about
using other items such as a balloon
saran wrap a latex gloves a Doritos bag
and even a Snickers well what am i a
Mentos do beer mugs II wouldn't want to
destroy a bit you're my guy will be now
listen none of those were work and
condoms are incredibly cheap and
incredibly easy to find sometimes you
can you think in dentistry so instead of
fucking somebody with a Twinkies wrapper
sounds just great Gotham alright so next
we're going to talk about the myth but
having sex the teenager might get you
now there have been countless war movies
made where a teenager has sex and then
they die and that's the basis of my
favorite horror movie of all time scream
they even say it in the movie
number one you can never have sex very
close oh and I know when I was a
teenager I thought about it too I mean I
didn't think about me having sex I'm
getting killed because know what your
guys are doing but I did think about my
friends I think about them going to
parties and I think sex and I'm like
what that means is somebody going to
kill them is it like karma because once
again we are bred to think that sex is
bad and masturbation is bad and it's all
guilty and all that shit and we also
grew up watching movies where it would
happen over and over Jason a couple kids
killed that driving sex Michael Myers
kill a teen doctor dance and it'll be
jaws not even a serial killer movie kids
go skinny-dipping in a more recent movie
it follows you have sex you catch this
STD that is actually a ghost follows you
Oh
and then of course Freddy Krueger who
kills you for having sex and literally
any other reason now the idea that
having sex as a teenager would lead to
death started way before you deserve an
urban legends about this for years and
one of the scariest legends is called
the boyfriend one evening a boyfriend
and girlfriend were driving along the
country road when your car ran out of
gas
now they pull over up the side of the
road they're not to worry because they
saw a gas station about a mile well they
decided to take advantage of this moment
and start making out in the car until
the girlfriend says she didn't creep out
by the darkness and she just wants to go
get some tasks but boyfriend tells the
girlfriend to wait in the car he'll go
walk over a mile and get the gas and
he'll be right back he walks away she
falls asleep in a car that she would
well a while later in the middle of the
night she woke up she heard a tapping
sound coming from the top of the car
she lays on the floor of the car
underneath her boyfriends jacket
terrified not knowing what the sound is
she starts to wonder what it could be
maybe it's an animal and then she's
about to scream out her boyfriend's name
police officers hands slammed on her
window and asked her done she's
terrified and she opens a door and she
says what's going on the police officer
tells her to get out of the car and to
follow him and whatever she does do not
look back the list of walking away from
the car it's curious she turns around
and she sees her boyfriend hanging from
the tree above the car got it
and blood is dripping onto the roof of
the car
hmm now this story has been around
forever and I think the whole point of
the story is to scare teenagers from
like driving to the wilderness making
out having sex with their boyfriends and
girlfriends but even though it is a man
technically it is something that I guess
could happen now this next myth is half
myth and half real and this is something
I remember my friends and school were
girls didn't tale this is the idea that
if you keep a tampon inside of you too
long it will make your legs now
surprising amount of people have not
heard about something called toxic
Shuksan now see I sense is actually a
very realistic now this is basically a
form of a bacterial status infection now
it's associated with tampons because the
China's could in theory be a place for
bacteria to boost it's very moist and
very but TSS only affects point zero
zero two percent of but there have been
some cases that aren't in 2012 a model
named Lauren waters sadly did lose her
leg to TSS and she has talked about it
as soon as they found the tampon and
they sent it off to the lab it came back
as TSS one toxic shock syndrome now once
again it's incredibly rare and you will
be fine so do not freak out about your
fingers falling off from your tampon as
long as you practice basic hygiene and
make sure to remove it now this last one
is kind of crazy it's not scary at all
but like I heard that it was a myth now
when I was a teenager I used to love
cracking light now
me and my friends would have
competitions do a good legal notice but
teachers parents pretty much any adult
would say don't do that
it will give you arthritis
now listen without getting to Simon see
because it's not a Simon's channel it's
not actual bones that are cracking when
you crack your knuckles it's gas buildup
that's extinct ting the joints
this meant that you will get arthritis
because of doing it we literally created
by mothers and fathers who couldn't
fucking stand the sound of their kids
cracking their knuckles so they said
it's going to get wrecked right well
guess what kind of worked my mom to tell
me that and I stopped doing it but now
that I know it's fine when we doing it
all day
well there you guys go hopefully you
enjoyed some of these scary two minutes
and once again I know they weren't
really scary it wasn't like we were
talking about what would you talk about
murder
but we're talking about much about
murder but I think when you're a
teenager the idea of getting an STD
getting pregnant having your fingers
fall off going the line for masturbation
all of those things are so real and way
scarier than the monster in your closet
all right you guys if you like this
video and you want more scary in its
videos to your thumbs up showing them
also make sure to subscribe my channel
and notification about presenting duties
every day and let me know down in the
comments which is these myths you will
never hear and also what are the mixer
all right you guys I will see you
tomorrow watch out for jacuzzis bye
