Oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god that was
spit going on and I'm sorry that's okay
but that's what happens when you have a
shat rific yeah ding that's because I'm
here with Kat riffing and we are gonna
do a chat perfect fit that was good
what I was expecting you to say
youtubers I love it I like that you did
that I like it too
it felt right this feels right this
always feels right it does master I
guess we're gonna do the youtuber Awards
dirty version challenge not really Josh
I don't know everything's a fucking joke
everything's a challenge award ceremony
it's like the Teen Choice Award some
youtubers are actually going to be
that's regulated we are going to do a
video where basically we're going to run
through some fake categories that we're
making up on the spot we're gonna say
who the winner is we're gonna present
them with an invisible award it looks
like a date no it looks like the YouTube
play button yeah but with balls cuz
that's dirty uh-huh alright very a
category we'll start soft okay what
youtuber do you think sleeps around the
most I like how that was like soft is
there anybody that has like a YouTube
channel gotta do a boy animal man um
girl definitely Miranda sings
interesting natural have game I think
she sleeps around a lot family right I
follow her on Twitter she's always like
my uncle's being creepy I know she's
like okay okay um guys I would have to
say I could Shane Dawson's pretty big I
don't you ever yes although he's pimp
daddy
there's different I already slept oh
yeah but like it's respectable it's a
respectable kind of way like he slaps
the hole and then goes go to college and
then gives her money to go to college
but I even say oh good answer I gotta go
with Smosh okay oh they kind of the boy
I mean they have to be smashing it just
happen yes yeah uh and then for girl I'm
going to go with strawberry 17 she got
the new blonde hair she is a hottie now
I feel like every time she gets with a
guy she's like real atch seven days a
week your turn okay which youtuber do
you think is still virgin the Virgin
award jennxpenn sheep ever be blessed
you made a face like mmm didn't you
better I don't know anything I'm sure
she is - dude she's an angel she
definitely gets a virgin where I'm gonna
I'm going to agree with you on that okay
she's a she's a good kid and the law
Anthony there's some there's still some
decisions that need to be made I'm not
gonna join on your hand
13 yeah no you're right he's a kid but I
know he's a sassy kids so who knows who
knows okay no no okay
for the boy I will say Trevor OH
okay I'm gonna say Trevor although I
mean that boys dirty on Twitter but I
still think he's I don't think it's the
boy version award it's our general board
next category is what YouTube girl has
the best boobs I think Evelina Barry has
some nice boobs yeah yeah I've seen her
with that purple hair mm-hmm
I'm gonna go with Trisha Paytas she paid
a lot of money for
well if you pay for the boobs it should
be nice you should win award for that
true to who do you think is the kinkiest
the kinkiest youtuber award this goes
across all categories I'm gonna go with
Joey and I'm not just saying that as a
joke okay I went to his room but she got
newly decorated there was a lot of weird
shit go there are some swords there
wasn't gloves there was like a big gym I
can't Larry's on like the and I was like
what's that for he's like I hate Mike oh
that's I don't know what happen in that
room okay I'm gonna say jenna Marbles
you're something that girl is like
hiding some like really fun stuff I
don't think she is though I think she's
probably like really traditional that's
why I pick her so she expresses herself
through her appearance not your sex no I
feel like it's like real real tied up oh
my god okay you guys in the comments
tell us that jenna Marbles are Joey for
the kinkiest YouTube well that's a good
question yeah last category we need to
think of an epic one okay
man oh it's your it's your calls on my
channel anything okay
which youtuber is most not a tough one
unfuckable women real easy
I got about 28 um I got a list rolling
through my head all day every day early
it's gotta be something British right
it's like British people who's like so
hot yeah yeah yeah I will go with
PewDiePie and I'm gonna be honest okay
I'm gonna agree with you on that like I
say PewDiePie as well no in this world
this got a lot money he's in the gaming
I mean those nerds
you never know me never know I know we
know you know not great but the money's
great I was a good money though beautify
the Mo's now I'm up that beautify well
cut me off smack
I did those motions are making me
uncomfortable right now
well are you guys go there near Awards
guys you're walking I hope you guys
enjoyed that he'll be any other than any
hope you enjoy the awards you're way
better than Joyce worth go to camera
fixed channel check it out and subscribe
give it a thumbs up and all that shit
and we did the headphone challenge thing
part two it was rough there's a lot like
oh there's some farts happening there's
a fourth out over it was a fighter's
lock all right you guys yeah my name
would kept rhythmic we have a name with
you and I'll see you tomorrow on YouTube
awards
