oh okay Oh God oh fuck up fuck me fuck
me hard fuck me fuck me fuck me heads up
you guys okay question do you ever get
stressed out during the day you ever
feel like things aren't going your way
you ever just want to run away run into
traffic and get hit by a bus me too
almost every day but instead of doing
that let's do something a little less
messy and let's just dance yes we're
gonna have a dance recess and this is a
video response to Charlie so cool like I
love that guy
I love his moves and I loved his videos
so doing one of my own let's dance
okay this is supposed to work it's
supposed to be like magic and it's not
working a bitch okay get stressed out I
need up a dance recess just to deal with
it
you get the point dance recess everybody
that's just it's really cool to me to
watch someone grow up like that that
quickly because when you actually have
to live through it it's a lot more
development of body odor
