welcome to bomb com where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
internet the Teen Choice Awards for this
past weekend so I have taken it upon
myself to put together a dramatic
montage of the only part of the award
ceremony that you or I cared about the
youtubers
there has also been a ton of rumors
floating around that the tcas is not
actually the choice of the team's this
isn't so much a rumor as something that
is hidden in plain sight in the rules of
voting for the tcas I would say that
this is actual proof that literally no
one ever reads Terms of Use agreements
you could not have a say in what you're
voting for or you could be selling your
soul to the devil this kid took a selfie
every day for seven years yet people
look at me weird for spending ten
minutes editing a selfie I took of
myself holding a weird-looking fruit it
started out as bad photo I turned it
into a good photo it's really cool to me
to watch someone grow up like that that
quickly because when you actually have
to live through it it's a lot more
development of body odor since I don't
have the patience or the commitment
skills to take a selfie every day for
seven years I'm going to take a selfie
every few um what am I willing to do
every a certain amount of minutes for an
undetermined period of time
professional sea captain or sea man that
will make sense after watching the video
and Lolly released a video talking about
some very dirty things not let's go get
some Windex and fix this dirty but dirty
as in the penis okay so basically I woke
up this morning and I felt a little
stuff in my boxers I think just jizzed
my pants and I thought I'd make a video
about all the dirty things that happen
to me sail this ship cuz I'm the captain
now I 100% give him props for expressing
a new side of himself a less
kid-friendly side and that's something
that a lot of youtubers don't do so can
you have your boxers to thank for that
since this video is making such a
statement I thought I should probably
check out what some of the comments were
saying the comments are so much scarier
than the video thank you for watching
this is dirty episode of bomb.com
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you did
enjoy this episode make sure to give it
a thumbs up and head on over to eucom
slash Alexis diesel to check out my
latest video here's a tiny tiny preview
hey is it sexy Lexi 12 here and today
I'm gonna be teaching you how to go back
to school while you are down there you
can subscribe to my channel and follow
me on my social media question of the
day what are your thoughts on the Teen
Choice Awards as I was kind of looking
through Twitter and researching the
stuff there's just a lot of opinions out
there and I'm honestly curious to hear
yours
good yes
