hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to what the fuck new my name is dusty
and I am a giant virgin what no I'm not
Brenda did you write this shit god
dammit Brenda told you not to mess with
my script there's literally no one else
here anyways this is what the fuck news
we talked about the time I lost my
virginity in the Boy Scouts got Brenda
no this is however what the fuck news we
talk about the weird after news that you
may have missed in the last week and
obviously be first thing I have to talk
about this week is the very tragic and
sad death of Robin Williams really
really sad and devastating he died at 63
from an apparent suicide by asphyxiation
tying his own belt to his neck
apparently he'd been battling severe
depression and recovering from an
alcohol addiction and it's just really
sad you know like someone who basically
grew up with Robin Williams it's like
losing one of your heroes extremely
funny and talented man Robin Williams be
greatly missed by his family and the
millions of millions of people around
the world that he brought joy to and
whether you're a fan of his stand-up
comedy or hook or Ladin or patch Adams I
think that's the thing to really focus
on with his death is not the sad passing
of such an amazing role model but the
endless smiles he brought in the legacy
that was his life very sad news but I'll
do some actual what the fuck news my
nipples are made from the lost dreams of
men what brand up goddamnit the parents
of two teenage boys from Georgia were
arrested for child cruelty after local
police discover that their home was
filled with cockroaches urine shit and
trash and you're probably like oh that
doesn't sound so bad
oh well check this out here's what the
bathroom look like that stuff on the
floor yeah that's cat shit also I have
no idea what that is in the toilet
I'm guessing shit but it honestly looks
like if I smelled it it would give me
the Black Plague not to mention there
were no working toilets in the house so
I have no idea where these people were
shitting kind of leading me to believe
that part of the shit that is on the
floor is also human in one of the rooms
were supposedly a 17 year old boy live
was equally disgusting with trash
everywhere nasty pillows in the Crimea
smoking bed I have ever seen I'm
actually really digging his posters
though oh that's not a poster that's a
hole in the wall okay
hey at least there's no cat shit in this
room right up now there it is never mind
anyways the two teenagers are now living
with their grandparents while their
parents are being processed through the
county jail and more what the fuck news
an old man decided to set his entire
160,000 dollar
to be donated to homeless cats stating
four-year-old James Beaumont Alba
honestly sounds like an alien from Star
Wars apparently love cat so much that he
could not think of a better way to divvy
out his will so decided to give it all
to cats this honestly scares me because
it makes me feel like this is my future
yeah I'm gonna be one of those crazy
guys that just has 20 or more cats not
married no kids just sadness being alone
and cats or even if I do have kids I
will still give my entire will to
homeless cats that way my son is like
what the fuck dad seriously cat for
Becca Morris from the Metro Animal
Control Center who received his donation
says we are beyond words this is an
amazing thing that happened to us him
dying is an amazing thing wow you're
nice fucking bitch in sexual what the
fuck news I knew six head book they'll
be given to students attending the
eighth grade sex ed class as parents in
an uproar for being too sexual
apparently the book your help today goes
into detail about masturbation or play
and erotic touching it even includes a
section about more sexual things
including bondage I know it's so
horrible apparently the parents of the
San Jose school district are trying to
ban the book from student use rallying
over 1700 signatures in a petition with
some of the parents saying there's a
section that tells you how to talk to
your prospective partners about your
sexual history I don't think that's
right at this stage what isn't right is
telling your kids to just stay abstinent
these agents like it 14 kids are going
to have sex whether you think they are
or not I mean not everyone I didn't
start having sex till I was like never
in my life but you know it's still
important to teach kids what can happen
if you are smart while you're having sex
I mean no one wants to be awkward and
have the talk especially about shit like
masturbation but I mean I started
tickling the one-eyed snake when I was
like 11 and no idea what I was doing but
I was just like so I think you know
personally a textbook that brings up
these things that are actually important
is important and probably one of the
only things that you'll ever use in your
everyday life that you learn from school
school taught me how to prove that a
triangle it's really a triangle but I
have no idea how to put this condom on
oh well and lastly in some awesome news
legendary actor Ian McKellen most
recently known for his roles as magneto
and Gandalf played a role in a proposal
video where a man very very sweetly
proposes to his boyfriend
tamanna the video mentions how much his
boyfriend loves Captain Picard's from
Star Trek played by Patrick Stewart and
that's when Gandalf comes in and says
Patrick Stewart is married I married him
well no I was the Minister of the
wedding he's not available the good news
is the Brett is available so think it
over do the right thing
Ian McKellen being gay himself and being
a huge activist in the gay community
obviously was delighted in helping a
homosexual couple tie the knot in a
Twitter update from the couple
apparently the answer was yes and really
this whole thing is just really really
awesome seriously one of the many
reasons why Sir Ian McKellen is one of
my favorite people ever anyways this has
been what the fuck news hey my question
of the day for you guys is why do my
pubes look like a starfish
Brenda what the fuck man you are fired
Brenda get out of here I literally by
myself I think I'm crazy but the real
question of the day is how do you think
you would propose to your significant
other I personally would probably do it
in the haunted house that way she's just
totally off guard like a literal demon
about to attack her while she's
screaming I'm just like will you marry
me really inappropriate time oh yeah I'm
a real charmer anyways leave those
answers in the comments down below all
of today's stories as always are in the
description below as well as all of my
links before you guys go make sure to
check out my channel at youtube.com
slash captain justice I'm gonna probably
be uploading a video later this week so
make sure you are watching for that
anyways I will see you next week for
another what the buck news and Fairwinds
