hi Brittany we're gonna be making our
own fanfiction somehow this isn't work
is I'm gonna start and then you go and
we're gonna leg point we're gonna make
fanfiction to be real gross I'm really
excited we're gonna try to include as
many youtubers this week a minute give
me your real disgusting I hope it
doesn't offend anybody but I also hope
it does it probably will and the sexy
music starts Matt one day
Shane Dawson was walking down the street
and a car pulled up oh my god he was so
nervous but also elevated because he's
into getting hit by cars and getting
 it was nice and she got a car
insane but he was a hater Shane I was
looking for you everywhere
and they got you this present and she
took it out of her vagina
oh my god everybody just like their man
Hannah this is getting rosin it's only
been ten seconds
you took her vagina it was a phone
number to PewDiePie and she said here
Shane PewDiePie wanted you to call him
he sounded porneia okay and then Shane
was like cool I'm gonna tell the calm
right now cuz I got like nothing I'm
doing besides collabing with a everybody
on YouTube
and I just like finished making like
four videos so I'm totally down so
glottis felony was like hey so what are
you wearing right now and Shane was like
I'm just wearing my holy underwear on
that cat what are you wearing
and I was like turns out the food I
wasn't peopIe it was Wendy Williams oh
sure I've got a hot topic for you it's
Stevie hop events come to me it's Shane
Shane was so exciting I was like Wendy I
just wanna be on your show I think that
would be just amazing I could come and
meet you
best friends with you and clad with you
and marry you Oh No look at this
connection we must be going through a
tunnel crazy and then Shane whose
feelings were really hurt because he
loves Wendy Williams like more than he
loves Ellen and that's a lot of love so
then he was like hello hello Ellen is it
is Shane and Shane was like when poems
just hung up on me
Wendy will use a big stupid cut hey
image but you know what I love Ellen
DeGeneres cuz that's me
wanna come on a shot and Shane was like
yeah why did I come on your show I want
to new underwear yeah let's go do it
and then Ellen what you keep out it
wasn't Ellen it was an evil youtuber in
a spaceship it from Mars and this is
raywilliamjohnson I know that I equals
three
but if mean you got together it would
equal all fours and then Shane was
really upset he was like dude not cool
man ray I got no mr. Shane was like like
you like ray I'm not really into it no I
just don't really want to be with you
and I told you no and you keep saying
this actually isn't ready it's not a
Shane was like who is it
it's Smosh both of them a shaved head
Anthony a Shane was like dudes I love
you can I come be on your show too
oh and then Shane went to the grocery
store Shane was in the grocery store man
he's walking down the aisle and he was
like I want to go home me my feelings
I'm so depressed if I don't find a
youtuber to and then boom his car
ran right
and she said hey Shane I just got myself
a rainbow-colored just for you you're a
whole body whole body Redbook gotta give
it everything what do you think it's
Shane do you like this well how do you
feel about this if your dogs are
involved and then Shane was like let's
get married and Jenna was like this is
Mary do some Jenna this is moving too
fast no real fast we just bumped into
each other all fours and then you an
actual tunnel popped up in the store and
you oh I made a tunnel Jenna and you
like and then it was a tiny black hole
thing and it just I don't like the gym
hands involved in the story and then
then did you didn't Shane felt really
bad like I don't know leave Jenna alone
with her rainbow color beautiful skin
and then you open a portal again means
like Jenna but if I was Jenna I wouldn't
want to go into a black hole which he
doesn't and they all make Jenna can
answer that good
question of the day how did you like to
go into black hole with me everybody by
the way fiction over um sexy music over
now and I was in a grocery store and you
saw me there's a black hole and I was
like I'm doubting it my backhoe would
you come if so what do you think we'll
be down there so everybody's channel
check it out subscribe do all that
and watch our fanfiction that got really
fantastic it's really dirty from Toyotas
your smile my name is bad just got
spikes really bad there's a lot of angle
oh why did I decide to do this
