I'm having a little fashion emergency
the back of my top is ripped and I'm on
my way to a shoot with Grant Street
Clare the Guerette streetcar oh my god I
have no idea who the fuck that is
hey guys how dared you well I just I
know it's coming and I still get scared
that's what they all say yeah hey ed
other guys yes we are here doing another
weird challenge another gay one and this
time it's gonna get freakier okay now I
don't even know what you're about to say
so I know neither I'm making this up as
we go oh I was looking at Tyler Oakley's
channel and I'm like look collab have I
not done and then I'm like well I've
done all his and then his got real weird
then he was eating out of a diaper and
yeah and I was like okay how do I take
it up a notch
Oh fisting I know you're excited calm
down well I'm just not prepared if you
don't know what fist thing is I'm not
gonna explain it but I'll give you a
general without the accurate yeah I just
like it more gentle than that if you're
gonna do it yeah that's the thing you
got to do the dish the the washing the
the clothes washer motion you know where
it just agitates you want to just slowly
work you it and that's how good I guess
we're about to piss no here's a rune
dude it's called a fisting challenge but
I'm taking it more like fighting like
strength so first we're gonna do our
murse like okay we're going to like
wrestling okay and we're gonna do some
other kind of wrestling and then I'm
going to fist you ready I guess I
already know you're stronger than me or
you're me I don't know let's try it out
ready I think I've ever armed I sold in
my entire life
that's carrot right here where I'm like
on my leg and you're like okay are you
ready yeah all right ready 1 2 3
should i I should let him win so it's
like oh okay let's try left arms now
this is my gym masturbatory or maybe no
yes I think so
you know what I do what I use both not
wield it like a lightsaber I don't
enough to do that yeah I do here we go
ready yeah go
No aah want to go shirring what's that
that was my light saber shake it mama be
more like a Shh look wait here what
where is it where is it stop cooking so
much love your penis ok the next thing
we're gonna do is uh really touchy today
yeah aren't we always do it
face face wrestling go
what was that your brain just made a
noise it's a boy I had a baby what was
that
I'm serious are you okay let us find
your brain I don't have one I have a
skull crunch no did my head do that your
face shitty head challenge just when you
didn't think it could it good okay go
back down more but way more about place
oh oh
I'm taller enough of both of wet though
whoa this'll be legs I have to use this
link though because oh is your other leg
broke my hamstring
oh that's right yeah me my hammy all
right I don't
okay how do you are that and then
whoever gets it to the other side wins
okay do I put my other leg here hmm
just don't hit my balls mmm I can feel
your gall on my calf okay
one two I started to tumble I did not
like that all right
oh that's one more to fifth eggs for you
all right what's the last one we did
arms we did legs you wanna do thumb okay
okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah wait first
let's compare thumb size where does that
fat yours is broken how do you do that
that's food you can't do that no well I
win the cosmetic round yeah your since
cuter than I sometimes they're long okay
that wasn't a shade or anything that was
some way no tea no shade okay one two
three four I declare a thumb war are you
so good that good grip wait one more
let's do it again
v one two three four I declare a thumb
war you cheat how do I cheat you Ching
oh give me this okay you got the arms
head okay fine fall you I'll give you a
thumb Oh
hello hello who's it hello oh it's you
oh great come on in okay bye
why do I do a punch each other in the
face challenge well guys you broke my
face okay Doug dude no no no no no
that's not okay okay I don't like that
trick now what the fuck happy broker
what happened to your face oh my god
your face breaking how do you do that
God got you in talent girl seeing people
out with your face cracking you're
beautiful Thanks oh is that an original
document okay cuz I was like that's not
all right you guys hope you enjoyed this
video I did let me get fisted come is
general subscribe check it out we did
what are we doing whispering John
whisper challenge and it got even
weirder mistake yeah imagine that so
check it out and I'll be up on hang with
us we're funding do and leave in the
comments down there who you think is
stronger we're stronger together yeah
feel it oh oh yeah okay he came he came
sickly
do you think it's appropriate to be
friends with someone and point out
directly to a waiter that they have a
speech impediment is called peanut sauce
peanut sauce literally with penises it's
already peanut sauce here what's penises
yeah I grab his crotch and I said like
some peanuts
