hey all my people what is the T I'm
gonna tell you what key is it's black
and it is filling my throat burning my
tongue making me crazy I don't know what
that was
here's the thing I was working and you
know doing a lot of things it was a when
he's dead it's a tumor okay cool I was
working I was doing a bunch of things
and I saw some tweets about a big
brother and of course I got sidetracked
I'll put my camera to the side put my
works up his ID and got on Twitter and I
notice that a lot of you guys were
watching me brother now I've been
watching big brother for the last 10
years of my life or however long has
been on I'm obsessed with it I think
it's a best show of all time I can't
stop watching it it is everything to me
and I would die for it on that note
you guys have been wanting me to talk
about my thoughts on the on the cast and
listen I wasn't gonna make a video about
this because I thought oh nobody watches
it but after today after looking at
Twitter don't you guys do so this video
is going to be for the hardcore Big
Brother fans if you're not click off or
stay and just pretend like I'm talking
about something you care about five
seconds of suicide whatever the hell
their name is okay
well let's roll I'm gonna pull up the
list of my Big Brother houseguests I
know them all about like I need pictures
like I need I need to you know what I'm
saying let's start from it let's talk
about who's left okay Christine gone I'm
angry at you I'm hangry at you because
I'm hungry right now but I'm angry at
you I hate this bitch now listen side
note I know that she's a YouTube family
she likes YouTube stuff because she was
for my Joey Graceffa so maybe she
watches me now I feel bad because every
time somebody says they like me that I
instantly loved them so maybe she does
like me and now I feel uncomfortable I'm
gonna talk about her
I'm not that about her as a person I'm
talking about her as a character on the
show there's a difference on the show
what hmm my god so a few things number
one she is all up on Cody like to a
point where it is really uncomfortable
to watch i watch the live feeds so i
watch a lot and she's always rubbing his
hair and in and he doesn't want it or
maybe he doesn't it I don't know but
she's just always Oh Cody
let me tell you more about my husband
okay first of all if I was your husband
okay
I would never watch the live feeds
because I would in my life and then the
glasses and then the way she talks and
then everything is just very like that's
the thing too about about Big Brother by
the ways gonna be a long video that's
the thing too about Big Brother is the
way they act in the house is very
different from the way they are in the
diary rooms and the diary rooms
everybody's like yelling at you like
you're deaf which I think the reason
they do that is because old people watch
Big Brother so it's like they have to
keep yelling feeling people like like
and then and then the old people home
we're like what and I'm like and then
and then every time they play a game on
Big Brother like I had a household game
or power video game they literally
explain the rules a hundred times like
every cast member explains the rules
again and again and again because they
want the old people to know what they're
saying feel like it's like Caleb it's
like hey y'all please no cowboy here and
oh the game we're playing is hot dog I
want to stick we gotta get a hot dog on
a stick and thirty seconds or we lose
and then it cuts to a little bit and
then it comes back to Christine and
she's like hey guys we need a stick and
like literally I was like bitch I know
it's a hot dog on a stick
and I digressed so Christine I just
don't like the way she's playing the
game I think she's just being Shady
I don't like the way that she'd
befriended Nicole and I just threw her
away and I don't like the way she's
fucking all up on codeine I just not a
fan
okay so then Cody so let's move on to
Cody let me see my list yeah Cody
perfect um I liked him in the beginning
and now I'm like motherfucker already
doing he's like all up on Christine
she's married I don't mean maybe she's
not married
I think she's married I know who she's
married she's a lot of tattoos I'm
getting too sidetracked
she laughs alone she doesn't stop
laughing and here's the thing like on
the show she comes across kind of
annoying but on the live feeds I mean
honestly I just sometimes I want to
change a camera angle to get away from
her but then but then she goes to
another room where the camera is and
it's like I can't get the fuck away from
her and she's like a little girl from
the ring she's like popping up with her
glasses laughing ah so Christine once
again I'm sorry could watching this I'm
sure you're very lonely human being but
you know your character on the show so
I'm telling you how I feel I'm sure if I
mentioned real life I'd let me by the
way hated Andy on the show hated him
like one two fucking
fucking sleep actually no I wanted to
murder him while he's awake so he could
see me see my eyes doing it really
connected me and then on Twitter
afterward he was really nice and I'm
like Oh feel like an asshole but it's a
show entertainment okay
Chloe uh yes Cody looks like Chuckie
Cheese throwing it out there I think
he's good-looking but he reminds me of
chucky cheese like the actual character
of Chucky Chuck E Cheese Chucky period
cheese um like a good-looking Chuck E
Cheese he is fine
very whatever doesn't really do anything
crazy
whatever I'm sure he'll get to like top
for work or something um I'm gonna say
Frankie for that cuz I have a lot to say
Donnie okay uh we get it okay he's a
hillbilly we get it he doped honest to
you we get it he loves Jesus like I get
it go home and he's nice I'm sure he's
nice but it's like okay everybody's nice
but go home
um okay the black chick she's gone I
mean don't get me started on the black
chick by the way did not show up in the
house until ten weeks later the first
ten weeks
I named him she was I was like is she
cleaning the place like she actually
would randomly show up in the kitchen
doing a dish and I'm like who the fuck
is that and then she was gone and I look
very confusing but then she start
wearing bowties and she start going
there's a lot going on and they just tie
my house she's Christian but I'd watch
the live feeds and she was like you know
what's crazy Donnie no I'm about that
sometimes I get fucked in the ass and
the cum goes out my mouth like I don't
understand how you were talking about
that but then on TV you're like God
warrior doesn't make sense okay moving
on um Zach hashtag Zach attack um he's
one my favorites he's really annoying
he's really loud but he knows it he's
playing with it he's he's yelling at
people he's making stupid poems I like
him um I feel bad for him though because
I feel like he's actually sensitive and
probably sad about people cuz everybody
hates him on the show and he's gonna
walk go home and watch it and be like oh
my god everybody hates me probably you
know eat himself to death um who's next
Victoria I have nothing to say she's
fine
they don't really show her that much on
the live feed she just kind of sleeps so
just cool Caleb
oh I don't even I don't even where to
start the word break dis comes to mind
and I don't think he's a rapist but the
way they are editing him is very rapey
he literally they evicted the black
chick amber because he didn't because
she didn't want to fuck up and they were
all like hey why don't you want to fuck
Kayla but she's like I'm not interested
in they're like well I'm voting you out
bitch like literally got rid of it was
so weird and they were all against her
because she didn't want him who by the
way he's kind of scary he's like a
children of the corn person he's like a
religious freak and listen I love Jesus
too but it was like he had the Bible and
he was just like let me tell you
something it was just intense and then
she was always shirtless and then I saw
his penis like five times once again
because I watch the live feeds and it
was just just a lot going on with him
but he's fine he wears a lot of denim I
don't understand that I wanted denim
shirts I mean this is Big Brother not
Project Runway uh okay who's that bitch
I don't know that asian girl is I don't
remember her uh I'm Nicole okay Nicole
is one of my favorites not because she's
a great player but because she's like
I'm like I'm like the ugly one I'm like
I'm like the gross mom like all the
other girls are so hot I'm like first of
all face you look like Terry Swift
you're not the ugly one you're like
prettier than any of the growhouse just
cuz you wear glasses doesn't make you
ugly but she's playing the whole like I
think my glasses on they won't know I'm
pretty like and we know you're pretty so
I like her though I think she's kind of
dumb I think she was getting smart and
then now she's getting dumb again I feel
like she's supposed to be the smart one
but she's confusing kind of remind me of
that previous season with that girl
Brittany who was supposed to be smart
but dumb she's smart I don't but I like
her um Derek I like him a lot
I think he's gonna fuck something up I
think he's good by things Ian fuck
something up cuz he has he has too many
plates spinning he's away if anybody's
still watching you must be a hardcore
big growth man too much too many plates
in here he's trying to do many things
he's trying to craft too many stories
and it's gonna all come come crumbling
down in a matter of days which sucks cuz
I like it um Hayden is gone he looks
like the guy from Sister Wives
Joey I don't even know who that is you
have little hair I think and she don't
get me started just loud but I'm sure
she's nice I feel bad I feel like I've
just keep saying they're nice they're
nice they're nice
ah damn it oh speaking of right that
motherfucker whoo Oh crazy but I'm sure
he's nice um okay Frankie where do I
begin
so I've met Frankie um I met Frankie J
grande at VidCon he's very nice to me I
know ideally was yeah pink hair and he
look like a cockatoo and we took him
selfie together and then I posted every
second I got this Frankie and I was like
Frankie - that's a person right it was
not Frankie - freakin right then I found
out it was ariana ariana grande's
brother and I was like yes I love her
she's a high ponytail I love my
ponytails whatever started watching his
YouTube stuff I was like oh he's funny
whatever following on Twitter um when I
find out who's gonna be on the show I
was nervous one because I meant when I
met him in real life he was pretty cool
and calm whatever but then when I saw
his YouTube stuff he's very loud and
very crazy and very gay and big so I was
like oh no he's gonna be like the
annoying gay guy cuz there's always the
annoying gay guy on the show and it is
just sets of gay people back it just to
me every time they have that loud
annoying gay guys just like oh like
America hates them and but but the first
half of the season he was cool everybody
liked him he's America's favorite I
think you know a lot of people watching
the show
we're expecting me to be annoying and he
wasn't he was cool when I was like oh my
god I'm surprised that's the guy who I
met like the normal one girl then it
happened
then it happened I'm gonna be spoiling
something because I watch the live feeds
and I know some of you guys don't then
it fuckin happened he it was like 3:00
in the morning he walked into the living
room and he said house meeting house
meeting uh they all you know crowded
around or whatever and he did his speech
which was hard to watch
uncomfortable that's the word for it and
he basically did his speech saying here
I'll reenact it
is everybody setting okay great
Christine please get your hand out of
Cody's pants great okay so I assume tell
you I've been lying to you guys this
whole game I'm not who I say I am mm-hmm
I am actually a super famous huge
important celebrity movie star Twitter
God similar to Oprah make a super
internet star and I have a bajillion use
bajillion followers and Kaila member the
other day when you said you had a
thousand Twitter followers haha I have a
billion so um and Ariana Grande's my
sister and then that problems so what do
you think and then it was awkward and
then people were screaming or was
confused and then Kayla was like I want
to meet Justin Bieber and then the dumb
girl was like oh and then Christine was
just going and I and and then it just
got weirder and then the whole night
Frankie kept talking about like how
famous he was and how many Busey kids
and then he started saying how he's not
even gonna keep some money he's giving
it a charity which listen I love charity
but to me it's kind of weird like
everybody else in the house is poor and
then you're like garage let's get mad
Jerry okay I'm just put mine in the tip
jar Starbucks like I like that to me it
was just like whoo uh so and now
Frankie's turning into a little another
diva a little bit of a like name dropper
and I'm like - Frank you before this now
it's just kind of like oh you Justin
Bieber oh you mean ariana grande and i
by the way calling your sister my first
and last names little ribboning
the way it's a little much so I don't
know I don't know if it's a strategy to
keep name dropping because he wants
people to keep him around cuz he's like
well maybe if they think they'll meet a
famous person they'll keep me I don't
quite know what it is but I'm nervous
for him because I don't want to go home
cuz i IE I like him but I think he's
gonna home and I think it's because
they're all gonna be sick of it grated
he should they if they were smart they
sent him home because he's already won
America's face
so like they need to send his ass home
because he doesn't need the money he's
already won America's favorite sin is
that's home he already got promotion for
me on the show send his ass home and
have one of the poor people win but
they're not that smart so they'll
probably keep him around he'll probably
win which is you know great come on my
podcast Frankie let's dish so yeah
that's my thoughts on the season I don't
really have a clear favorite right now
um I liked Frankie I'm on the edge right
now
I'm feeling a lot like I came here and
just like have fun I'm feeling really
attacked right now um I think you feel
like that speech Frankie gave really
turned me off it was just too much and
he had glitter on his he was crying
glitter and it was like it was a lot
happening and then he kept looking at
the camera going you guys getting this
are you you're getting this which made
me feel weird because I'm like oh you're
talking to us the audience and you think
you're talking to the camera but you're
talking to us and then that make it work
now just rambling um but if Frank you
want to be okay with it cuz he's played
a good game
so who do I want to win I would say
Derek or Zack that's why I want to win
what do you guys think if you're
watching let me know in the comments so
you watch Lane also ariana grande for
watching which you're not I love your
ponytail and I will see you guys
tomorrow
