oh hey didn't see you there I hate
people do that obviously I saw you there
because I set the camera up and I put
lights and I moved things and I took a
shower which I don't do for anybody
except for you guys answered lady at
Whole Foods she's judging
hey guys yes today I decided to talk
about something that I thought was
horrible well there's a lot of things I
think are horrible the new Doritos
poppers that they sell at 7-eleven
Hometown Buffet anything on tumblr but
you know what else is horrible what you
guys told me about the last night on
Twitter let you read so I want on
Twitter because I wanted to know what
the kids are up to you know what's going
on what's cracking in your world besides
your fingers cuz you're getting
something zing and I tweeted hey guys
looks like the new planking what are all
the kids doing let me know and I was
expecting things like oh people are
taking pictures with like their arm
behind their back and they call it soul
surfing or all people are tying their
hair to really tight ponytail and
calling it ariana grande egg but what I
got was not any of that it's much worse
people are liking themselves on fire
what so I thought it was a joke right
because I mean that's kind of funny only
other thought of people lighting
themselves on fire because that's so
stupid
no I flip through and I saw about 85
more replies saying the same thing
called a fire challenge I'm gonna do the
kill myself challenge because I don't
know the world's come to you so the fire
challenge is when people cover
themselves in sanitizer which listen
I've done that before once again not a
fan of showers and then they like
themselves on fire because I guess the
hand sanitizer catches fire then it
burns off that they're still on fire I
don't understand all I know is I looked
up a video of a guy doing it he was lit
on fire and then he almost died so
obviously I'm gonna do it I'm kidding
I'm not going to do that I'll do a lot
of things I'll bet the condom in my nose
I'll like cinnamon off of joy percent is
a Miss hole I'll do a lot of things I
want to light myself on fire then he got
me thinking why are people like
themselves on fire why are people doing
all these challenges is it because of
people like me did I do this because I'm
gonna be honest every time I see a
terrible sketch video of a guy with my
haircut and then he puts on a wig and he
pretends to be a girl and it's terrible
I think I did this or any time a
youtuber
makes an original song girl the
auto-tune is a hot
yes I think I did this I started a lot
of terrible things every time you see a
thumbnail that's just like Miley Cyrus
is nipple and then a person's face next
to a going rule I started that I'm sorry
that's what happens when you've been on
YouTube for like eight years all the
terrible things you do catch up to you
I'm sure at one point in my youtube
career I said something like hey guys
let's light each other on fire and then
now people are lighting each other by
fire and it's not just me it's other
youtubers too
I mean all of us are doing the stupidest
challenges ever and the kids are talking
them that comment challenge thing that I
did people died from that did I still do
it
yeah do I still do it every once in a
while at a party yeah why not so my goal
on YouTube now is to hopefully do
something good and not terrible that
people are going to try and die and I'm
going to take your guys's suggestions on
my Twitter and my tumblr and my fuckface
gram I don't know there's a lot of
things that I use on my phone if I don't
know what any of them are well I'm going
to go on there and I'm going to say hey
guys what kind of challenges do you want
me to do make some up and I'm going to
try to figure out what they are Katie
says do they listen to one of your voice
mail challenges I can do that okay what
voice mail should I play there's so many
interesting ones that's a lie they're
all my mom oh oh I have a good one I
don't look whatever it's a challenge I'm
gonna play it this one is from jennette
mccurdy and I Lucas Cruikshank I'm
pretty sure they were wasted so let's
play running from two times the cowboy
smell those accept the fact that you
hate it you hear them you're missing out
everyone missing out were tenacious so
if you couldn't hear that that was them
saying they were naked and they're mad
at me for cutting them voice mail well
guess what guys you're part of the voice
mail challenge boom these challenges are
getting crazy mary says show us one of
the craziest pictures on your phone
challenge alright Mary I can do that I
got some crazy-ass shit on this phone
okay definitely can't show that
I'm not going to show that my mom would
hate if I showed that okay I'll show
this this is a clip from well sever the
picture but it's on my phone and it is a
clip from my favorite show ever Little
Women of La it's like Real Housewives
but there are little people thank you
Jesus
yes Jesus yes I had that on my phone
because I watch it every day let's move
on Katie says do the slap her face in
the face challenge slap your face in the
face no that doesn't make any sense
great I'll do it now that was pussy I
wanna hurt my jaw and it was stupid so I
probably should have done it cuz now
people gonna be slapping themselves in
the face and I'm to blame just can't get
this right Jack said try to stand on
your head challenge okay well you might
as well have me do it try to fly
challenge because that's fuckin
impossible
these sad arms look kind of buff in this
shirt though it's just that right here
we go
okay alright one two ah it's right again
ah oh ow ow okay I'm fat saddest part is
that three-year-olds can do that alright
let's do one more I'm at a breath
Karen says do the face tune the shit out
of yourself challenge well I do that on
a daily but why not do it right now
alright so if you don't know face tune
is an app where you make yourself look
not like yourself
are you fat you got pimples you got a
bunch of gross chest hair get rid of it
with phase two tired of looking like a
human want to look like an alien from
Planet Kardashian okay so a face - I
don't know about you but every time I
look in the mirror I want to kill myself
but not when they do I really should be
the spokesperson okay here we go
and I took the picture I'm opening it up
it's my most used app can clicking okay
here we go
here we go if you guys can see it by the
way this is not sponsored I wish though
facetune send me some more filters and
so that's that's me so I'm going to well
first I'm just going to smooth out the
entire thing I really
you wanted to see what I look like yes
bitch yeah it's Gaga bitch okay now I'm
going to reshape it so that I look
skinnier and just like hungrier oh my
god for Sabbath oh okay cool I'm going
to refine it so what that's gonna do is
just make my life huge
Oh anime cunt uh-huh
and last but not least I'm the third
filter on there that is so intense that
you won't even know that I'm human
perfect alright here we go
and here's the before and after before
after bitch who's that I don't know but
he's gorgeous oh I love myself so much
more if I look like that
thank you face to me well their hands go
that was my doing random challenges I
don't really channel it just challenge
if you want to leave me more random
challenges and aren't really challenges
challenges leave them down in the
comments also give me a thumbs up
subscribe to my channel I don't know if
I can suck a dick kidding don't do that
God the whole point of this video is for
me to tell you not to do stupid things
it's up a dick but only if you're up age
and married and in church not in church
like you go to church and you go to
Whole Foods I don't know be a rounded
person I guys I'm gonna go get my name
the P I'm living with you do you like
them standing up I'm trying this out
usually I'm sitting down but now I'm
standing up so that's a thing I love you
guys bye
I'm not saying Hilary Duff can sing what
I am saying is she could talk to me but
I love her anyways I swear to God I
would marry her and kill everybody in my
life just a touch her can lay on top of
her stomach that got weird
