hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another episode of what the fuck new
my name is destory and I'm pretty much
the only person you'll ever meet that'll
spend $200 on a replica sword from The
Hobbit but don't tell me it's not the
coolest thing you've ever seen
haha this is what the fuck it is where
we talk about the very weird ass news
that you might have missed in the last
week and the first story of the day
being friendzone it sucks
I personally have been friendzone more
times than I think anyone has ever but
have you ever gotten friendzone 200
times in one day the video went viral of
a youtuber known as Bryan from America
on the YouTube channel youtube.com slash
whatever as he scoured regions of
Holland asking random girls he met if
they would have sex with him I just
thought you're really cute and I want to
know if you wanted to have sex
No okay
do any of you want to have sex almost
unanimously the answer was no apart from
one girl who pretty much just said why
not okay I know why not oh I don't know
how about AIDS Ames so this story is
pretty funny because even after dating
someone a year I can ask the same
question and this is what I get hey you
wanna have sex no okay cool but this guy
asks random strangers and they say yes
fucking bullshit
I also noticed though that this guy
isn't using my policy where seven noes
equals a yes which is also the reason I
have a court hearing in three days yeah
I guess the rest of the world just isn't
caught up with my policy yet in
foot-fetish news a man from Tampa
Florida was arrested after he tried to
steal socks from a cheerleaders foot run
away with it and then go try to perform
sex acts on the exceedingly creepy
robert van Wagner or this motherfucker
was apparently arrested in 2012 for a
similar crime where he would give socks
two little girls and asked them to run
around in them and then give them back
to him yeah this is the kind of guy that
would ask you to fill up a half gallon
jug of period blood yet not good
apparently no this time you tried to
walk up to a high school cheerleader and
ask her for her socks
she said no weren't even up to his
creepy game and decided to try to pry
her socks from her feet eventually
though he was able to overpower the girl
and walked away with one of her socks in
his pocket and the other in his hand
while he decided to sniff it I mean
maybe I just think this is weird cuz I
don't have any fucking crazy weird
fetishes
but even still like let's just say I
like to get peed off I mean I don't and
I really hope that your parents just
walked in the room while I said that
that'd be great it's like I wouldn't go
out in public and just ask random people
to pee on me hey hey hey on me man get
the fuck away from me anyways creepy mug
shot McGee was arrested a day later when
the police said wait didn't we arrest a
creepy guy who did weird shit with socks
like two years ago and that's literally
how they found him and for the record I
don't like to get peed on again I'm
really hoping that your parents walked
in the room when I said that it's pretty
sad what the fuck news a Tennessee man
made a homemade bomb to kill his parents
in-law after he owed them $40,000 that
he couldn't pay back be 50-year old
Richard Parker made the bomb to look
like a wall lamp that as soon as you
plugged in would explode what the fuck
is this guy Walter White from Breaking
Bad you got
one part of that wrong this is not math
you've got one part of this wrong this
is not a lamp but seriously this guy
even looks like Walter from Breaking Bad
look at this shit not to mention I'm
pretty sure it would cost more to make a
fucking bomb that looks like a lamp and
it would be to just pay back your
parents-in-law
anyways sadly the bomb detonated inside
the house of his parents in-law killing
74 year old John Setzer immediately in
May 72 year-old Marian Setzer several
days later in the hospital he's pleaded
guilty to double murder and will spend
the rest of his life in jail without the
possibility of parole was it worth it
buckle because guess what you're still
in debt you can spend the rest of your
fucking life in a box your assholes
about to be stretched about 13 sizes and
your beard looks like Satan so you know
congratulations man anymore what the
fuck dude a man was accused of trying to
kill his female roommate after she had
cookies for breakfast oh the 23 year old
Alan Hall came home to a site that
enraged him as a box of chips ahoy
cookies were left on the counter opened
but cookies weren't his so it wasn't
like his roommate was stealing his
cookie which would actually make a lot
more sense in this whole thing but no it
was her cookies so the guy just really I
guess did not like her choice of
breakfast foods and was like this isn't
breakfast food cookies for breakfast ah
dr. murder someone literally none of
this story makes sense soon after he
found the cookies though sabertooth from
x-men stormed over to the bathroom where
the 49 year old roommate was taking a
shower and started banging on the door
threatening to kill her taking what he
was saying as a joke she opened the
doors of the bathroom where he then
grabbed her neck and started strangling
her on the floor what what is going on
in his story okay I'm not Franco luckily
the landlady heard the commotion along
with her husband who made it there just
in time to save the lady's life while
the man with the giant middle parted
hair escaped out through the window
later though he was caught and is now in
jail for attempted murder but seriously
guys fight one piece of advice to give
you about this whole thing never trust a
man with middle parted hair and lastly
the news we learned that Chris Pratt who
played Peter quill in the new guardians
of the galaxy movie that opened up over
the weekend can rap like a motherfucking
nowadays everybody want to talk they got
something to say but nothing comes out
when they move the lips just a bunch of
gibberish mother exactly they forgot
about Dre with a can for the girls for
the hand for the matches it still
weren't found now right here sitting
here by now it's a chronic to start
today tomorrow's new anyway she was
being interviewed after the success of
the guardians of the galaxy movie making
ninety three million dollars over the
opening weekend this is like how I think
I sound when I'm rapping but I end up
just sounding like total shit yo yo my
name is Destry
okay there's clearly a lot of things
that rhyme with my name including tree
but I didn't use it yeah boy what the
fuck I am exceedingly white anyways
though this has been what the fuck news
and my question the day for you guys is
how many times have you been
friend-zoned I guarantee it's probably
lower than my number but we'll compare
numbers in the comments below so make
sure to leave those all today's stories
as always or in the description below as
well as all of my links before you guys
go though make sure to check out my
channel at youtube.com slash Captain
Estes I'm actually just about to hit
700,000 subscribers so that is just
totally awesome I really want to thank
you guys who have gone over there and
check my channel out and for those of
you who have not I'll probably slice you
with this sword if I ever see you so you
better watch out for your life laughs
who let me have this thing I'm putting
this down anyways though I will see you
next week for another episode of what
the fuck news and Fairwinds
