hey guys yes the life hacks back I know
you've been scared you've been hacked
list life has been so much harder with
all my head
you guys are like no life Ingrid now
know a lot of you guys are going to
school soon I not because I'm old I'm
literally old enough to not only be your
teacher I'm old enough to be your old
teacher like the one who's bald you can
see because they're so low you know the
teacher who you're like why is there
marbles in your pocket oh yes that's me
but I'm going to give you some
back-to-school hat that are going to
pack your school and I hacked your
school I need to make everybody think
you're the crazy kid and everybody will
make fun of you and then you'll have to
drop out and be homeschooled but then
you can watch more YouTube right now
it's really quick before we get to the
lighthouse I know what you're thinking
Shane are you coming for all the
back-to-school youtubers we're killing
it right now no I'm not coming for them
I am coming to their house breaking in
and using their school group so I texted
me summary and I said hey Queen I am
coming over and I am stealing your set
I'm also going to force you to be in my
life pack video so sorry guys
oh my god I met Alicia Marie house and
about to walk into her fake school and I
can't oh ma first of all it looks like
at school during like a natural disaster
but Karis there's like a tornado and all
the kids barricaded in here oh my god
you have Locker this is amazing I love
is it Spanish class I love that alright
a lot or no oh my god wow there's a map
once they're baby oil I'm not gonna this
is crazy this is beautiful also if I
have this I some of the cops were coming
away here's act number one now I've seen
a lot of pictures out there where kids
like make creative signs asking girls to
go to prom and they're cute like the
funsies candy bars or stickers sometimes
they personalize it with like pictures
but you know that have not seen the one
thing that would
we work medicines that's right trumpeter
girls say no when you get my prom sign
made out of target your car bitch even I
will say yes in all seriousness I kind
of think this is actually really cute
but I'm going to keep it real
these are not real gift cards I printed
them out but she won't know that cuz
she'll just be this sign this will get
so excited to see yes but listen girls I
got something for you too now I know
you're getting adds on to prom a lot
because you sexy ass bitch but I know
how awkward it is to be constantly
telling heads no so you can just keep
this time rolled up in your backpack and
then every time some way you don't like
ask you to prom you just say the perfect
real cute I added hard so it's like
sweet it's like no I think these are
really going to help hey Alicia hey I
was just wondering would you go to prom
with me oh okay so I've seen a lot of
hack videos where girls are trying to
like hide their tampons and pads and
different things in their backpacks so
then I started thinking if I was a girl
what would I say to the bathroom and
then I figure it out food and not only
can you hide your tampons in a bag of
Cheetos you can share it with your
friends who are also on their period so
let's empty out this bag I know we're
just want to pour in our tampons oh my
god
this is actually kind of genius right
people you wanna cheat oh oh I'm not
hungry yeah but you've been a bitch to
me all day so I think you need a cheeto
wait what they're tampons I know you're
on your period just imagine like you're
in class you're with your girlfriend you
got to like ruin okay everyone
none of the teachers like you have an FG
those for the whole class and you're
like actually I do
oh god I love period not some girls
don't like tampons they like time so how
do we hide a pad I'm glad you asked
we're using a box of Oreos so I liked
the Oreo composite easy open pouch and
it has a perfect container that you can
fill with that so we're just going to
empty one of this bleed and then we're
going to fill her with these pads
perfect now know you're thinking Shane
if you walk to the bathroom to the box
of Oreos when people be confused no now
listen for the girl to don't like pad
and don't like tampons well I have
something for you
this is a period camp and going with the
suit theme I decided to hide this in a
container of Pringles now I like this
one because it's really easy and it's
really deep so you can really get like
five period company get your flow this
heavy is nine you're going to need it
the perfect you just do that and then
you close it and you're good to go all
right let's go try it out hey Alicia hey
what's not sure you look really hungry
it should probably test one if you look
hungry and we can share Wow
no I don't know oh wait I didn't know if
you were Cheetah Girl or if you were
warming the world
now also if you don't want worry about
you know my house great option you have
to blow the Pribilof oh my god so you
got version never copy unique where you
are and just share my snack now this
next pack is a back right hat and you're
going to think it's crazy but hear me
out
I made a backpack out of a baby now let
me play think about it you're running
late you don't want to get in trouble
bitch if you're carrying this people
will just think you're a single working
mother and they'll be like oh she has a
baby it's okay now not only does a baby
backpack get you out of being late but
we also are going to customize her and
give her some back school necessities
now let's give a lot of youtubers like
turning an EOS into a pencil sharpener
which is very pretty cute but I was
thinking we would settle in my babies I
put a sharper in there that way when you
sharpen your pencil it looks like you're
digging into your baby's brain once
again this will get you home school okay
time to cut so I need to get her eye out
but I need to do it cleanly because I
need it to be like a nice perfect hole
so I'm thinking about using my power
drill all right baby
open it up
oh I'm sorry honey it'll be over soon
let me just scramble those brains okay
there we go all right I finally got
through it back to school so now that
our baby has one eye where we shove the
sharpener in back now I have a hot glue
gun so I'm thinking I'm going to hot
glue it's what stays in place okay
that's it forever but I think I finally
made our baby sharpener are you ready
here we go and oh yeah and it's fun if
you laugh by a stabbing or not I that is
good at sharpener can you see the room
look at that job baby I gave you permit
let's test that my baby backpack
sharpener with Alicia hey Alicia your
pencil look like I need to be sharp Oh
convenience is really simple really
oh my god we gotta get in there
that's good
good job baby okay so this next task is
to spice up your scissors no no you're
thinking Shane are you just going to
wrap the scissors and like fancy cue
tape like all the other gurus do they
I'm not like the others I am going to
superglue Barbie on to it so it looks
like it's a vagina is cutting things I
love being a guru okay so I got this
idea very randomly I thought wouldn't
you be fine like think about it like
you're going to cut a paper and then
like Barbies vagina cuts it and then we
could put a stapler intense but Oh often
supply couple goals alright so I'm
trying to figure out how to do this
though I guess I would like superglue
her legs to the blade me when I'm a
crafty serial killer first I guess I'm
going to superglue her butt to the back
of the scissors this is what it would be
like if that kid from Toy Story was gay
he's like destroyed his toys let me get
my glue gun okay the first I guess we'll
talk on her ass per day and then left to
shove the scissors on top if this work
that's going to be crazy pressing those
into her now we're just going to
superglue blade onto her legs there's
super glue displayed after this way this
might work alright so I guess I'm just
gonna play guys it's always looks like
this is so crazy
I can't revealing all from Alicia Marie
hi Shane I'd like medium often collapse
alright let's let her cool down back
here okay so I have let her dry and see
she's actually gonna work I can't okay
woman okay
so friends let's try to cut their bunch
of paper oh my god I can't all right
here we go
and you ready for tonight or much draws
too long you trim it down oh wow they
were worried got it pops bar biggest
packaging is too much
can you help oh my god of course almost
got it
we go I think Alicia is really going to
love these Barbie scissors it also kind
of looks like her I wonder if I get
super glue and leash on two scissors and
user to cut things this is why I don't
have many friends
hey Misha you're going to need to cut
that paper I you have never seen I my
god oh now these are really fun because
he goes lesson stay away here we go and
she's really precise oh really
yeah
is not warm
we should warm with three babies okay so
this next pack is for when somebody
always borrows your pen but they never
give it back to you and then when they
do give it back to you there's like
boogers and blood and like hair on it
you should never let them borrow your
pen so I had the idea of covering your
pen with magnet if you just cover your
head with magnet and then always have a
magnet in your hand you can just take it
right back but first I'm just going to
tape this magnet onto the pen which they
won't really know what it is just be
like oh my pen broke so I had to tape it
so that's their very subtle
okay if you have it on then now it's
time to take this magnet to your hand
it's going to put it right there in the
middle oh if I needed more ways to get
me closer to the fridge okay so here we
go so see this word that's everything
all right let's go try this in class
here Lisa anything you ever need a pen I
do need a pen tablet I do you can borrow
it but you can't forget to give it back
okay
with it's useful right it's like all the
kids boom feel your pattern like endemic
all these human fishes quaza turned your
head like oh wait I'm not buying on your
own
okay so last but not least I came up
with this idea I don't know if it's
actually gonna work but the idea is to
transform our backpack into a condiment
bar so basically I was thinking have you
been at school and you're like oh man I
really could use a big bottle of ranch
right now now if you haven't thought
that then you're normal and I don't fuck
with you if you have sauce that you're
my people let us go what if we cut some
holes in the bottom backpack and then
you could just unscrew it squeeze it get
some ramps and chocolates and ketchup
whatever you want you be the most
popular kid in school
everybody has their dry-out french fries
and you're like oh you need me hook you
up that's how you get prom king did I
say prom king I meant pay queen we're
okay
so first that's impulsions what is
perfect so I think I'm gonna have the
chocolate coming out of her ass oh my
god
oh that was too big sorry I'm never
gonna wear it come out of her ass
because I feel like she's white
well not to be racist but like her whole
theme is white so now the waiver a whole
we are just going to split our bottle
inside of them oh my god oh my god this
is going to work okay gotcha so we got
red and last but not least chocolate oh
my god this is business
that's alright let's go try these up
well that salad looks really dry you
want some ranch on that sure well you're
in luck because I have my brand-new pros
his British backpack okay here we go
tell me where stop come on Elsa
all right that's good perfect
we are you sure you don't let them touch
us no Carrie I don't or name oh yeah oh
okay all right it's not honest fault
yeah then I be thrown what doesn't
chocolate from Allah never know oh it's
coming right now
oh my god oh my god look it's all
producing okay it's going on the shit oh
it's really happening is it cool you
just ruined your polo that's meanest
thing you can ever say to me go I will
just take my wrist back pocket leave
let's go hopefully you enjoyed all of my
back-to-school life hack I hope you do
none of them because they will get you
beat up also make sure it over to Lisa
Marie's Channel we did a video over
there where I superglued her to a huge
pair of scissors I'm kidding we did not
do that I wanted to ask you guys I'm
going to all make sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you want more light
hack make sure to subscribe in this a
notification bell because I make new
videos a fake and if you want to my last
life hack video where I got to a big
trashcan I'll put a link to a playlist
right down for the part you guys enjoy
school I'm getting it suck
ah
