this must be what it's like to be Kim
Kardashian literally all you have to do
is press things magical things happen
and money fell out at the mannequin Ted
that's realistic oh she's back I have no
words
I have no breath I have no lungs I'm
gonna pass out and die I'm gonna go to
heaven and heaven is Hilary Duff's old
teeth
ah I could just lay on those sexy little
baby teeth for my entire eternity unless
I go to hell which would be four new
huge teeth okay I need to start praying
I hope you guys yes Hilary Duff is back
choose a new song called chasing the Sun
which sounds dangerous I usually run
from the Sun because I'm hail but that
wouldn't be it's exciting the song I'm
running from the Sun too - skin cancer
because I'm Irish German I'm wearing
lots of layers because I'm scared of the
Sun and I have a body issues yeah that's
not it anyways I thought I would look up
the lyrics to this song and see what it
all means
now I actually haven't listened to this
song yet but I'm assuming its auto-tune
delicious
I'm not saying Hilary Duff can't sing
what I am saying is she could talk to
thee but I love her anyways I swear to
God I would marry her and kill everybody
in my life just to touch her and lay on
top of her stomach
that got weird let's read the lyrics why
am I in such a hurry always getting up
too early I don't really do this at all
I wake up at noon which is so early to
me but I usually am in a hurry because I
always got a poo when I wake up most of
my dreams are me trying to hold in my
poo although the other night I had a
dream that raywilliamjohnson was having
sex with a two-headed monster in my bed
I don't know what that means to you
let's figure it out together oh my god
it equals three oh my god cuz it's it
and then - I get it now it all makes
sense so fast everything is so blurry oh
oh well Hilary you're getting old okay
time to get some glasses I think we're
the same age we're like 26 first goes
our eyesight then our balls drop then
all the tattoos we have of sexy women
turn into tattoos of sad melting fat
women just wait - you're 30 let's kill
ourselves it's like the clock is always
racing but my time is not for wasting I
saw a prostitute have that tattooed on
our lower back someone else can do the
chasing I want to get back to
Hornbeck I don't chase I just look at
things think about it
and they go back on my Twitter cuz I'm
chasing the Sun I'm chasing the Sun I'm
chasing the Sun I think she's chasing
the Sun I don't know I think she has we
won't miss out on the fun gonna get it
while our hearts are young what are you
gonna get you're gonna kind of get it
they're gonna get fuckin the heart it
could be nice on the pursuit of
happiness I realized that more means
less so true I swear to God I went in
the night nights that's where the other
day I got 15 bags of shit
granted it was shit I didn't need but I
got it for such a low price I got a salt
shaker shaped like Jesus I got 18
buffets and I got a Kwanzaa coloring
book I need to stop wasting money if I
got love then I'm blessed oh I know
so I'll start living while I can is she
dying it sounds like a song that a dying
person right oh my god he said through
death dying oh my god did Miranda Thai
oh my god Gordo's dead let's be honest
he's definitely dead okay I don't even
where she is Ethan that was named Ethan
I don't think he was ever loved
I'll hold the moment in my hands I'll
fly until I learned to land in my home
she's jumping out of a plane
Hilary Duff why are you jumping out of a
plane you have a child at home Hilary
and a husband huh she married still
think she got divorced wow this just got
real let's move on love the life I live
and I will live the life I love
fuck you you riddle bitch I don't
understand your language open up my eyes
and I'll take whatever girl I saw frosty
with pet tattooed on her neck though
seriously I'll just open up my hands
I'll take whatever I'm chasing the Sun
I'm chasing the Sun I'm chasing the Sun
won't miss out on the fun gonna get it
while our hearts are young I'm chasing
this sad that she never caught it though
maybe her next time will be I caught the
Sun and I burned my fucking hands either
way I'll be bumping that shit in my car
probably touching myself in traffic and
wondering if Hilary Duff's divorced so I
could cat that so question of the day
what do you think about Hilary Duff's
new song do you think bitch is back or
bitches wack I just made that up
it works as you guys have you up on hang
with me at angle you I'll see you
tomorrow
don't know what this is but I'm doing it
I'm chasing the Sun I caught it to my
teeth cuz they're yellow
I've got a high-five yourself see you
guys later love you I love it's on but
how come that's coming up with Jesus
Jesus loves that face
well he needs you made it
