alright here we go I'm opening it so no
sound I was expecting lots of moaning oh
god now there's there's a black man with
suspenders come I get out of this oh hey
guys yes I'm just booming and clapping
up in here you know I'm saying Oh what
if that's how you found out you had an
STD the doctor comes in he's like boom
boom boom clap exciting maybe that song
is about chlamydia
it all makes sense maybe that's why her
name is Charli XCX
cuz it's sex that one's a stretch hi
just making sure you know it's me I know
what the sunglasses on you're like who's
that douchebag and then I take them off
you're like oh it's that loser Shane
today I am driving and then I'm going to
go shopping I know something I don't do
something I won't never do because I
hate shopping because I feel horrible
in every outfit I feel disgusting I feel
like spider-man if he ate eight hundred
pounds of cake before he put on his
leotard and saved the world I don't feel
great by the way side note spider-man is
all super fucking buff but then when he
takes off his leotard
he's Andrew James Alan Johnson or
whatever that guy's name is who has no
muscles I wish I had a bodysuit that
gave me muscles hell I wish I had a
bodysuit
in general to put on under my clothes so
it suck it all in
yeah I know so today I need to get some
new clothes I am running out I'm running
low all I got is a shirt with my face on
it
that I won't wear in public and I got a
shirt with Justin Bieber's face on it so
time for new clothes also I need to do
some shopping for I got an office which
is cool because I kind of needed a place
to film videos and go and I didn't
really want to
at home so I got a new office and all I
have in there right now is a patio
furniture desk pimped a blow-up mattress
instead of a couch so when people come
over to do collabs I look like a rapist
so that's fun Here I am I am in my
office which right now just looks like a
crazy persons living room I got my TV
because gotta get a lot of work done
right so I should probably be watching
TV while I'm doing yet but don't worry I
got a vanilla candle you know for all my
farts I got my camera my lights I got my
couch my shitty patio furniture that is
holding my computer don't worry I have a
shitty TV stand up on my laptop I got
little things around to remind me of
leasing corny because I'm missing them
while I'm at work so I got a little card
from her and then I got this little
picture of corny over here since it's
not corny it's a painting and I'm a
crazy person because I think it's corny
even though it clearly isn't although it
has a look at his little see on her on
her on her tail that means it's corny
way probably not my brother got me a
soda maker because he's like while
you're hard at work he's probably making
soda you know to give you cancer faster
and I was like I'm in so yeah I'm
excited you know it's it's cool um
working at home is not fun because you
know after work is over then you're
still at home and now you're you're
tired and stressed and then you look
around the room you're like oh my god
I've been working at home all day I'm
going crazy so this is nice
I get it I got to go away from here and
then come back so so that's what's
happening here
that was me slipping my balls the real
hard today real firm a lot is changing
in my life right now the stuff I don't I
haven't really actually you know I can't
talk about I think I think I already
brought this up on a podcast lauren is
not working with me anymore so I'm kind
of on my own not we did have a fight
without falling out or anything
she just got an opportunity that she
didn't want to pass up and I didn't
think she should pass up and we're still
working together on stuff you know she's
she produced the movie and we're going
to produce another movie together but as
far as YouTube it's just me so that's
why I got an office and that's what I'm
trying to figure out what I'm doing and
I want to keep doing daily vlogs I want
to keep pumping those out and making
them better and making them more fun and
so I got a new camera and I got new
lights and and I
just trying to beef up my Shane channel
because a lot of people watch it and I
feel like I should be making good
quality there as far as my main channel
I don't really know what I'm gonna do
with that I'm gonna keep doing the
parodies and stuff but I don't really
have time to do big big videos anymore
so I'm just in a transition phase y'all
and I don't know if you have felt this
way I guess it kind of feels like
graduating you know instead of going to
college I'm figuring out what I'm going
to do with my life am I going to keep
doing youtube am I going to just make
movies am I going to do both am I going
to poop at some point because I'm
extremely constipated but as for now I'm
going to go try to find clothes that
don't make me feel like a fat whale so
let's do that one day I'll walk around
half naked one day until then it's black
all black what if I'm like somewhere in
the middle I mean like what it's like
not like not so like so my little guess
I'll just leave it I mean if something
really creepy about a place called an
ice-cream and it's covered engines
then right under make out you make out
and then you gets an ice cream and then
you exit peel so I have been in three
clothing stores that hated everything
you know it's not my thing shorts you
know what else isn't my thing anything
maybe I'll just wear like a dog so for
like a onesie
I'm just glad summer's almost over
because I'm ready for sweaters my pants
so I decided clothes shopping was a bad
idea so instead I went to coffee bean
they're excited about the decision now
I'm walking around the beach just really
cool a lot of homeless people and
they're dressed better than I am I'm
pretty sure that this man is wearing a
shirt that is cleaner and newer than
mine you just agreed all right guys I'm
gonna go back home and laid out this an
exhausting day of looking at mirrors it
going whoo I'm kidding I talk a lot
about how much I hate myself but I
really don't have in something
I mean do I wish I had two six-pack yeah
of course I'll coach target and get some
clothes target clothes are more my style
on a sidenote somebody came up to me
today it said wait a minute what's your
name and I said Nicki Minaj and then
they literally went okay never and
walked away so I guess I'm Nicki Minaj
now that's very exciting question today
what rapper do you want to be as I'd
like to be anybody other than Nicki
Minaj I don't want to ain't economy
going up my ass right you guys happy a
fun day with me at funny with you I'll
see you tomorrow
why oh my god oh my God look at this oh
my god oh steering me more than anything
I don't know why
