Oh guys guess what it's my birthday and
guess what we're hanging out
it's a Chaba happy birthday that's not
actually my birthday is next week but
hey we're hanging out early where are we
going
weren't you there everybody's very
excited yes boy the fair
it's getting interesting they're both
wearing glasses bears have no lenses in
them no no he's a real yo-yo are you
blind
yeah I am actually that explains
everything I know right oh wait take him
off it's like she's all that hello who
is that girl
I don't know put him back on I'm scared
okay okay there's our Diaz we're gonna
go and hopefully we all vomit because we
read a lot of deep fried shit right here
well you're going to ride one ride and
be like ah that's true we're at the fair
at the fair and I'm scared I'm scared
well not to do this look at it look at
them I don't think that you're scared I
think you're scared of something more
than this I mean you're scared of the
line I think we're that's that bad
anxiety is still there no I do have a
fat anxiety and I'm like what if I fall
home
we're like what if I break it what if
you ride it for are you guys scared I
know what if it breaks though I'm nights
off and I'm ready to live wait can we
all go on at once I think got my break
yeah
we're not gonna make you relaxes now oh
my god oh my god for really high wait
are they behind us how are you going I'm
so scared oh my god oh my god logging
selfie slave edge okay it's cute it's
make it stop make it sell fees everybody
sing selfies I'm honestly why isn't
nobody freaked out he's checking his
Twitter that girls shaking her bank
account limit and I'm Sydney spike I
can't fucking breathe I can't breathe
Shane if you wanted me to like do some
stuff I did because I I would suck your
dick but like it's so cold and like my
mouth would get holdin like chopped up
I know oh my god oh my god look at this
oh my god Oh cheering me more than
anything I don't know why I'm literally
cry if I die you shoot accomplished my
uncle please my family needs money mom
my password oh my god oh my god he's
taking a phone call oh my god oh my god
oh my god this is not fun this is the
worst thing I've ever done my whole
fucking life
guys I just won I just won yeah that was
so good I got little fishies for your
baby pictures was that for your people
will he will
feldy horrible here's a little whale for
my fat but the whale goodbye
well I played the game where I threw a
bean bag at a balloon and I popped it
and the guy said that sucked and I was
like okay no you did awesome I was a
prize I feel like he would throw
feminine but you were like what wait why
would her feminine I know I just feel
like you're more yeah like you didn't
believe that he thought I was
fascinating cuz he goes don't throw it
too hard I don't want anybody get hurt
he's not the guns on you like hey you're
my good Saul seriously I'm gonna throw
this away I'm bout to show my skills
okay
I want
all right we're doing this shit fucking
doing this shit are you scared daddy
excited oh god oh god I'm kind of scared
how was it was it hot dude you look like
a funnel cake though all right here we
go one two I'm doing it I'm doing it
oh my god oh my god oh my dream I like
it
oh my god and I have no balls
here's it go here it goes yeah
if that Big Apple she is kind of good
called an abortion yeah look at oh yeah
look at that meat is no look guys it's a
gut though what's this
I can't wait for all the comments Shane
you're so mean what the fuck was bad
that was the hard living I'm kidding
abortions bad but delicious don't so bad
it's good if you want to have one than
halfway is it good there's anyone
watching this even if you're not
pregnant have an abortion I feel better
and they give it to us abou a cream
we're leaving it was a lot of fun we ate
a lot of shit oh my
hey everybody home me oh pretty good uh
wait a lot of fun kids gonna throw up
Trish is gonna eat her her throw up and
then she's gonna fuck both of them oh
yeah girl
Oh covered in throw up yeah see guys
later
I'll be up my mail does we have any with
your question of the day what's your
favorite ride at the carnival or what's
your favorite thing to eat at the
carnival
- everything hahaha Sulekha guys back
hey Mitch what you wearing a spongebob
shirt and underwear with a hole in the
butt Oh sexy
