new camera new background new poof it's
a new me as if you guys yes I thought I
would switch it up a little bit on this
channel why not do some you know just me
sitting here talking to you guys instead
of me showing you guys my boring life or
me making joiners have to take a shirt
off and me licking his nipples I'm 26
years old
poof I've lived a life I'm still gonna
do those videos but I thought I'd switch
it up and throw a couple of these so
here's what it is I'm just gonna sit
here and talk to you guys about
something today I'm gonna talk to you
about tumblr I'm just learning what
tumblr is I used to think it was
something that a toddler did in
gymnastics that I jerk off to but no no
it's something different it's something
that children also do and people also
jerk off to but it's not athletic at all
so I went on tumblr and I was trying to
figure out like what's popular there so
I searched you know popular trending
topics there were a lot of Photoshop
pictures of Disney Channel stars naked a
lot of means of a black girl going like
this and a lot of pictures of food so
I'm home I still don't quite understand
how it works because I went to Tyler
Oakley's tumblr because I feel like he's
the queen of tumblr I guess and I was
like looking at what he was posting and
it was a lot of weird pictures with text
next to it and then sometimes the
pictures would move and then sometimes
there would be a penis and then
sometimes there would be comments saying
go kill yourself so it seems very
similar to YouTube which means I should
probably be able to know how to use it
so I made a tumblr for my movie not cool
shameless promotion boom and I enabled
questions which means that you guys can
go to that tumblr ask me questions and
I'll respond right now alright so these
are from the not cool tumblr that is not
cool the movie calm and I'm hoping
there's a lot of creepy ones let's be
honest they're all gonna be great oh god
I think I just followed a set of balls
okay I'm here I got the first one is
from cure boss the universe and they
want to know has a reality of making a
movie and being on a TV show
hichy yet I've been watching you since
2008 and this is all you've ever talked
about I'm still the same old Shane no in
all honesty
has hit me but not really I'm very very
excited about the movie coming out
that's you know my lifelong goal is to
make a movie a reality show thing is a
little bit different because I'm
terrified for that to go out you guys
are going to see me doing a lot of
things that I've never done on YouTube
before like getting angry yelling at
people
crying making other people cry and
there's about a one-week period when we
were filming where I was having a severe
muffin-top situation so you're gonna see
that there's more of a cupcake top lotta
icing a lot of sprinkles left stretch
marks get ready for what drugs no said
what what is the creepiest thing that
has happened to you
well that's not really movie related but
I might as well answer it okay I do have
something that I actually told my friend
yesterday that I swore I would never
talk about but you know what fuck it
let's talk new camera new me when I was
11 I may have had really intense phone
sex with a 50 year old woman named
Evelyn and I may have pretended that I
was an eighteen year old man who lived
in Alabama named Mitch and I may have
been laying on my mother's bed while I
was pleasuring myself okay I know it
sounds creepy
let me explain myself I was exploring
the Internet you know I was trying to
figure out what it all meant I went to a
chatroom somebody said ASL I was like
what does that mean they were like age
sex location and I was like them the 18
Mitch
Alabama I don't want to give out my real
information because I mean who would
want to talk to an 11 year old kid in
Long Beach but probably a lot of creepy
old men on the Internet but I digress so
I went to a chatroom and there was a
lady in there and she was talking to me
and I was talking back to her and then
she was like I want to have phone sex
and I was like what is that I've never
tried to put the phone in my butt before
why not right now she said no no no
honey it's different than that what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to call you you're
gonna answer I'm gonna talk it through
the investigation wow that sounds really
creepy and probably illegal here's my
number so she called and about five
minutes into it I had a full-on panic
attack and I hung up and I went to the
Bible and I prayed for up to
but I'll go in-depth on those five
minutes and went a little something like
this hello I mean hello this is Mitch
from Alabama I fucked pigs
oh hello Mitch this is Evelyn I fuck
pigs two big fat dirty pigs dirty pigs
your coveted mud and need a good
cleaning okay
hey Mitch what you wearing a spongebob
shirt and underwear with a hole in the
butt ooh sexy tell me more I just ate a
pop-tart and it was real good booze you
did ooh tell me about that popped I
wasn't one with a gooey when you ate it
it a slide down your throat what Mitch
why don't you let me do the talking all
right you just lay back put your legs
behind your head grab a pickle insert
the pickle and let Evelyn do all the
talking uh I don't have any pickles with
a baby care B okay Mitch
you could shove an entire tuna casserole
up yes I don't give a shit just tell me
how it feels um my house is on fire
we're gonna go but Oh your house is on
fire tell me how the smoke feels as it
fills your lungs yeah
not very proud of that I wonder what
Evelyn is doing now well she's probably
good that's sad to think about anonymous
wanted to know Shane why is the movie
rated R I don't know could it be all the
cussing or sex or drugs or babies being
murdered I mean think about it guys if
any of my videos on YouTube were rated
they probably all be rated R or n
c---seventeen or X but PS sidenote my
movie might not be rated R it might be
unrated which means anybody can see it
so fingers crossed
cuz there is no way this movie's pg-13
well I guess I could take out that dick
maybe those balls don't have to take out
those boobs Oh
baby Oh decisions anonymous wants to
know give me your name
why are you anonymous who is this mom is
this you hey Shan tell me about the sex
scenes in the movie okay definitely you
mom
well there is a few of them I'm involved
in it maybe three of them the real hot
it real steamy they're real gross
there's a lot of poop
sometimes there's food involved do I
have a booger no yeah that's booger who
is this thing oh yeah no it's sexiest
fine I Love You Tube sixteen says hey
Shan do you know what cities you're
coming to to show your movie yet I don't
know yet but if you guys want me to come
to your city once again go to Shane
Dawson movie comm sign up an email list
put your zip code and you will be put
into the system and I will know where
you live and the places I have the most
people I'll go to tell you friends I
think right now number one is Los
Angeles no number one is New York number
two is Los Angeles number three I think
is Texas at number four is England so
definitely probably onto those four
maybe Alabama maybe I'll see Mitch maybe
I'll see Evelyn better bring your tuna
casserole Jamie wants to know what was
the best thing you did while shooting
the movie one of the best things I did
was definitely go to Cheesecake Factory
every single night I'm not kidding I
became best friends with all the
waitresses my favorite whisper Tammy not
Brittany Brittany don't fuck it up and
one night not even joking I said to her
I said hey Brittany
get yo ass over here I need some sweet
and she said I'm right here and I said
that's cute I'm talk about food bitch
oh yeah of course and what do you want I
want cheesecake retaining what you got
uh well we got like 37,000 cheesecake
shake so you can have a bit bitch I get
it uh-oh
you just made my cheesecake extra
raspberry I don't even know what that
means
I'm kind of turned off right Andy
brought me over fifteen slices of
cheesecake I took a bite out of each of
them mother fuckers I'm not a thrown out
that night involuntarily but it was
worth it
Oh Jessica wants to know how did Lisa
feel about you kissing another girl in
the movie I think Lisa was okay with it
she was like oshiruko gets another girl
I'll just go kiss another guy
god I want to kiss another guy I need
another guy so badly right now oh my god
a touch of another man he's so
satisfying on my soft skin okay Lisa I
get it okay calm down
no but seriously I mean just a touch of
another man's leg rubbing up against my
shave like oh okay cool I'll be in the
Cheesecake Factory bruh Danny
I'm oneno 25 bitch oh I emotionally
let's move on and last but not least say
Li rough seas says Sheen when is the
movie coming out I don't know an exact
date yet it'll definitely be probably
beginning of September or middle of
September but it'll definitely be coming
up a few theaters hopefully a lot of
theaters and it'll be like on-demand and
it'll be on Apple TV and it will maybe
be online somewhere you'll be able to
see it there'll be a pre-sale link soon
hopefully and yeah that's it guys this
was my first this this with you and my
hair swoop and my lights and this pillow
I have a dog wearing a jacket should
have seen what the people at the store
did when I bought this they all question
who I was buying it for and when I said
myself
they left okay so that's that right you
guys hope you have fun hang with me I'm
coming with you question of the day do
you use tumblr what's your favorite part
about it what's your favorite mean I
don't know give me something to look up
also make sure to go - not cool - movie
calm please follow the tumblr I'll be
posting you know all the answered
questions there I'll be posting things
about movie and memes and gifts gifs
poop and also if you make memes or gifs
or whatever or the movie please hashtag
not cool and I'll find them and I'll
repost them reblog better read Tyler
Oakley I need help right I love you and
I will see you tomorrow bye a youtuber
Hunger Games battle of physical violence
the DARE program was not affected but
honestly please don't do drugs or punch
people because I cannot have that on my
conscience
