welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
things that are blowing up on the
Internet
Miami Peter Pan himself is probably old
with a beer gut and a dead-end job but
this young girl is determined to hold on
to the magic of childhood for as long as
she possibly can or at least hold on to
it vicariously through her younger
brother she is adorable and I agree with
her it is completely unfortunate that we
have to grow up it sucks that we have to
pay taxes it stinks that we have to get
a job people still get murdered on the
bright side Life offers chocolate I
would make a terrible therapist just be
happy a ton of youtubers including a few
of my personal favorites were nominated
for Teen Choice Awards this is an award
ceremony where the winner is chosen by
teens fingers crossed they don't choose
it by height if Quinn since all of these
youtubers and web stars are now battling
head-to-head for the love of teenagers
in a more friendly competition I thought
I would compare any tracks and pick
together various nominated youtubers in
an unfriendly competition a youtuber
Hunger Games battle of physical violence
the dare program was not affected but
honestly please don't do drugs or punch
people because I cannot have that on my
conscience
so I have the names of a few of the
people who are nominated for web star in
this candle I'm going to be drawing two
names at a time and pitting those people
together in a hypothetical physical
fight this is a game built entirely on
hypotheticals so if you do get offended
by something that I say that stinks we
have Joey Graceffa vs. Troye Sivan I
think in this situation I would have to
go Choi Sivan because he would just take
some happy little pills and next
we have Tyler Oakley versus zoella I
feel like the petite adorable zoella is
packing a punch next we have andrea
russett versus michelle phan
I am outright gonna go michelle phan not
because I think Andrea couldn't like
fight it up a little bit but I think
Michelle would just kind of take some
blush in her hand and rub it in her eyes
and then Andrew is blinded and then
she'd take it from there
next we have grace Helbig vs. Cameron
Dallas this is a close one but I think
I'm gonna go Cameron Dallas because he
would just tweet out his location and
then hordes of screaming girls would
attack grace this was fun I'm gonna have
to clean that up
yes was on YouTube I learned that
Colleen ballinger the alter ego of
Miranda sings hit 1 million subscribers
this is exciting guys I have 1 million
subscribers I can't believe it
whatever makes you happy whatever makes
you smile go do that today make a plan
to go bowling with your family or to go
get your favorite ice cream at the store
she told me to make myself happy stay
for watching this sweet episode Bob calm
hopefully we didn't hit you with our
awesome internet shrapnel if you enjoyed
this episode make sure to give it a
thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash Alexis chizel to check
out my latest video here is a tiny
preview I have come up what I'm going to
refer to from here on out as the montage
theory watch it and subscribe question
of the day what makes you happy
