hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another episode of what the fuck new
my name is Destry and I don't have any
more toilet paper I've just been using
this thing to wipe my ass for the past
week but this is what the button is we
talked about the weird ass fucking news
that you might have missed in the last
week at first in Justin Bieber news so
you don't care well then in some Orlando
Bloom news aha
now I've got you see now you care now
you're interested but yet some Orlando
Bloom news Justin Bieber and Orlando
Bloom got to a scuffle in a restaurant
outside of Ibiza which led to Orlando
Bloom trying to punch Justin Bieber in
the face why would you ever think it's a
good idea to pick a fight with Legolas
he killed a cave troll with two arrows
what are you doing Justin but what
that's a movie no Lord of the Rings is
life
apparently the issue started several
months back when Justin got a little bit
too close with Orlando's now ex-wife
Miranda Kerr in a Victoria's Secret
Fashion Show in New York City to fire
back Orlando was seen in pictures
hanging out with Justin's on-and-off
lover Selena Gomez which then escalated
into this giant shitstorm
I really don't want to be the guy that
takes sides all this but on one hand how
could I not take the side of Wiltern he
saved Jack Sparrow's life like three
times but on the other hand Orlando
really should have known not to hit a
woman so yeah I'd really don't know
where I stand on this one sorry guys in
more what-the-fuck news four elephants
were found addicted to heroin in an
elephant breeding center in southwest
China how does an elephant get addicted
to heroin no one seriously how do they
become addicted to heroin and what
happens when they don't get any more
heroin I don't have any more heroin oh
wow apparently the four elephants got
addicted to heroin from heroin laced
bananas given to that by some cool drug
dealers using the tactic to calm the
animals down and make them easier to
control while they needed more of the
drug I'm really hoping that these heroin
bananas stayed in China because I swear
I ate a banana last week and
the elephant's though are all better now
after being reintegrated into the
elephant population and being cut off
from their heroin addiction no word yet
if the elephant's will be attending
rehab but hopefully they say hello to
Lindsay Lohan while they're in there cuz
I hear she's doing great in some
terrifying puppy news the world's
largest flying insect has been
discovered which has giant pincers teeth
and is larger than a human hand oh great
just another reason why I don't want to
live in this fucking planet anymore
thanks God no problem Gus great like
seriously look at this thing holy fuck
if Satan had a forum on this earth this
would be it fuckin scary the mouth
apparently was discovered in China and
has a wingspan of over eight inches
scientists from around the world are now
calling the bug everyone's worst fucking
nightmare it also has so many ways to
kill you that just thinking about the
bug can probably kill you so don't don't
no don't do it don't do it those
terrifying fact about this thing is it
fly what is this thing you can sound
like when it flies
oh my gosh as of now the bug is only
native to China India and Vietnam but
since it feeds on human souls it'll
probably be making an appearance in
North America and Europe very soon yay
in some sensual what the fuck news a
second toy company by the name of hot
octopus is looking for male sex toy
testers for their new line of products
among the new toys is one called the
guide Raider which was designed by an
orgasm engineer at the company how
awesome would that be if that was your
job title Hey ladies I'm an orgasm
engineer and I'm up for hire honestly I
probably sign up for this job but who
knows what kind of fucking toys they'd
be making me test you know all right so
I'm just gonna stick this right in your
dick hole I don't like it okay well I'm
just gonna stretch it a little bit more
to make sure you really don't like it
okay well I'm just gonna assume that
this really doesn't feel good oh okay
next one all right this one teleports
your dick to another dimension okay well
I'm just gonna shut that off is your
genitals still attached no okay well I
don't know where it is now so okay this
last one is just a fake vagina that will
have sex with your penis Oh finally
fuck the catch is is it has seven rows
of teeth better attach to this drill
yeah no thank you the lastly ISM awesome
what the fuck noon Comic Con 2014 was in
San Diego last week and as always it was
awesome I mean I personally didn't go
because I don't have a fucking life but
a lot of people cosplay this year as
always it has a demo reel of some of my
favorites we have Jessica Nigri looking
like a BAM a superhot Boba Fett costume
mmm some scary nurse action from Silent
Hill
oh is that Lindsay Lohan no not that one
yeah that one and lastly this thing
costume planning let's put two pieces of
grass over me and we'll call that good
why are my pants so tight oh I don't
remember spilling anything on my jeans
Oh No for one second my eight-year-old
self just needs to come out titties
ah that felt great but in addition to
the awesome cosplay so new trailers are
spoiled at this year's Comic Con
including the first look at the new
Hobbit movie the Battle of the five
armies
ah I'm so excited Lord of the Rings is
life it also released last week was the
first look at the new Hunger Games
Mockingjay part 1 which I am also just
super excited about mostly just so I can
see Jennifer Lawrence's giant lips on
the camera for about two hours yeah
really looking forward to that like I
said I sweater I'm not creepy anyways
this has been what the fuck news and my
question of the day for you guys is if
you could be a sex toy tester would you
and if you're underage
don't answer that I'd rather not go back
to jail but leave those in the comments
below
all of J stories as always in the
description below as well as all of my
links before you go make sure to check
out my newest video on my channel where
I talk about my haunted house and why
I'm moving far far away from it anyway
so I will see you next week for another
what the fuck news and fair wind
