who the fuck were they don't worry about
who they are worry about Who I am and
I'm the guy that can get you your own
show Oh this show wouldn't happen to be
a camera in your basement full of tools
would it
Oh shame no it's like Hannah Montana
except for instead of a wig I rip off
your scalp huh ha ha ha kidding though
let's go back and smoke some weed time
to feel like somebody's watching me in
the computer screen oh hey what's up you
guys yes I'm wearing sunglasses I'm not
gonna do that anymore because it has
created nose pimples look at this one
look at that look at that look at that
look at that this used to be fine this
used to be clear this used to be
moisturized now I'm getting I don't even
know to call this nose nose acne acne
nose knee look at my freckles okay I'm
never wearing out the Sun again holy
shit not a good look not a good look
what's up you guys yes I decided today
to do a follow me around blog since
today I'm doing so much I thought I
would tote but you guys follow me around
first they blazer gonna go is Whole
Foods did you click off yet okay you
probably should oh yes I gotta go to the
store I'm gonna get some chicken oh my
god I'm turning to Joey I just I listen
I eat chicken before Joe did Oh God okay
oh that mother fucka oh he knows chicken
boo
I know chicken like I know but bok-bok
you know um then I'm going to go film
something with Smosh a very secretive
project I don't think they talked about
it nothing I don't think so I don't know
it's supposed to be secret so I'm
putting my finger over my mouth because
that makes it secret right I don't know
so I'm gonna do that also I drove past
it today the o2l tour bus is right by my
house like literally in my backyard I
don't know why they didn't tell me they
were coming I didn't prepare any meals
like I didn't pull out the couch bed for
them like I don't know I'm nervous I'm
like are they gonna perform in my room
like what's happening I don't know so
I'm going to show you guys that maybe
I'll take a selfie next to it oh my god
I could be like the tenth member how
many are there Oh God eighth member
there's a lot of them all the same let's
be honest although I'm feeling very
Franta today this little hair swoop is
just killing me I don't know what to do
with it I don't I mean I look like you
remember that movie meet the noodles
noodles that would was called it's a
long time ago rest in peace Paul Walker
it was him and somebody else and they
were like hey so blow with the doodles
and I had like this wave hair that's
what this is that's what
okay I'm gonna go all through tall okay
first I'm gonna start with the breasts
that I got it is natural it is big it
has grill marks it's really tender and
God gave it to me I'm getting my boob
isn't a grill marks it has fork steps
but let's move on to the chicken this is
my check I came in a little bag it's
like really fancy it was way too much
money and I never mind this again okay
then I got this it's called perky turkey
jerky perky jerky perky I don't know
it's derpy that's what it is but it's
it's jerky and it's chunky and it's
really bad for you and has a lot of
hormones in it okay that was a bad idea
huh I also got Amy's salsa now I don't
know if you guys know Amy but um she is
really great at making salsa even though
her name sounds like she wouldn't be
like if I heard some girl being like oh
my name is Amy and I make Mexican food
I'd be like what are you smoking Amy
like what are you smoking because
obviously you making grilled cheese with
that kind of a name or even frozen
yogurt Amy's Froyo Amy's cheese's name
is salsa doesn't really ring about but I
got it anyways it's chunky haha like Amy
I'm getting Amy I don't know I don't
know you fat bitch it's like really
healthy there's not that much stuff in
it okay that's not true it's not healthy
oh there's a little blurb on the back it
says ha incredibly fresh tasting salsa
made with sweet organic vibe rain
Tomatoes great for party dip these
salsas have enlightened our world
Amy's grandma adds Amy salsa to her
scrambled tofu Amy I just don't trust
you really scramble tofu that's what
you're gonna sell me on shouldn't you be
like whoo nachos are so good with this
salsa it's scrambled tofu Amy I'm gonna
get Maria salsa next time I might have
to get that a Ralph's say yes that was
my Whole Foods haul now I'm on my way on
my way I have a lot of energy headed
coke whatever no biggie
I'm in the trailer for the Smosh secret
project I got my makeup dirt I look tan
that's a lot of makeup happening they
literally airbrushed me like you know
how they airbrush people on the computer
to make them look better and she was
like I'm gonna airbrush you in person
which just proves to me that I'm so ugly
that I need to be live airbrushed to
stick that in your pipe and smoke it so
I'm just sitting here waiting and I'm
nervous and I'm excited and I'm sweating
I already have armpit sweat
oh my characters just sweating this
we'll see how it goes what's behind the
curtain
it's a secret I'll give you a hint it's
a trash can with a bunch of food
wrappers in it is I've been emotional
eating I eat when I'm nervous okay I'm
nervous I'm excited what if I ruin it
what if I make it great what if I make a
terrible I don't know and that's a wrap
hey guys um yes I just finished filming
there's a lot of fun I can't tell you
what I did but I will tell you it's
gonna get cut out because it was gross
and I don't think they're gonna leave in
the movie but you know what it'll be a
great deleted scene deleted Shane
there's gonna be a lot of that sorry
that didn't really feel much there I
didn't want to give anything away in a
while I don't want to piss anybody off
sometimes I film when I shouldn't and
then I'll get like an email later being
like hi this is Jackie from the
production oh good to hear from you too
it's been a while here's the thing Jane
saw the vlog
so we funny really loved it really
enjoyed it lots of interaction lots of
comments that's impressive can you
delete it eggs no we just didn't want
that information now okay great
also can you promote it on Twitter
thanks great that's happened a lot not
with Smosh with any youtubers that
happens with you know like companies
when I do something for them and then
they get mad that I talk about it why am
i talking to you guys about it right now
they're gonna just make me do like this
I am going crazy I think because I
haven't eaten so I'm gonna go tell you
guys hope you have fun hang with me have
fun hanging with you sorry to do his
weird vlog I have a lot of stuff from
backseat of my car by the way I'm
clearing out my storage I have a storage
facility that is hacked for no reason
literally 8,500 homeless people could go
in there and survive for like two months
longer than that actually done taken in
I'm gonna try to figure out what to do
with it I'm not gonna throw it away I
might just donate it or I'll be lazy and
it'll literally be in my car forever get
used to seeing all that shit you guys I
love you I
yes yeah how do you finish Oh
elephant
