me my mom were living in this really
shitty apartment I had one bedroom I
gave him a monk bedroom so I was
sleeping on a blow-up mattress in the
living room I shared it with about 16
cats good morning guys it's not slang
cream sorry first thing we're vlogging
right now this isn't new it's it's a fun
day where it Ralph's right now show them
your dance Thank You Aaron oh how does
this make you feel inside I mean I'm
really turned on kind of wet I kinda
wanna fuck he doesn't know about me oh
no why not Joe my guess sex I was like
this entry has sexy have sex like this
huh I'm done and he's like this high of
sex show him how yes yeah shows how do
you finish Oh
elephant bar hey let's do the refried
beans challenge shitting all night okay
oh my god that sounds delicious
no all right let's make a challenge out
of all these I challenge you to eat all
those beets
I'll even go with refried beans I'm just
getting disgusting pasta Roni
okay new challenge mix everything up so
you can eat it first naked naked
kickstart you shove everything inside of
purchasing see how much advance yeah
we'll start with this we'll do that way
we'll do that kick and we'll do dirt
babe oh you guys a maple bacon pepper
chips now we're gonna try it I'm gonna
pass somebody else let's try it out yeah
rip it open
yeah yeah thanks Lima oh look we should
start getting married nothing oh no no
that's very just makes me bitch better
oh so bad it's not good news Coleman
feel it's time grows hey what do you
think of um I think they're disgusting
haven't you never done no one recalled
maple bacon potato
haha dont you judge me I'm not judging
you and judging your choices balls Oh
literally my dad yeah all right I'm not
sucking myself better I just
I just popped a emergency into this
bottle and then Trish peed into it I did
though you're in a sterile I meant
delicious better right sighs look bad no
they don't they're good I'll face cream
them okay I'll fight unum yeah Joo is
watching the vodka just see if it's fun
at all
will you move filming ha ha ha that's
what youtubers doing on on camera that's
what you need to call your video what
youtubers do when they're not on camera
that's a really good idea like I was
actually thinking with my friends the
other day cuz like I always say like
Dubai and then I'm like Shanghai don't
steal that
all right we're trying to think about
the things to do in this parking lot
because I feel like this could be like a
challenge you for parking lot challenge
like what should the challenge be always
a challenge wherever you go like is a
challenge who can get shot or jello
wrestling come on in Kate let's jello
wrestle okay where's the jello lab we're
gonna light though just turned out they
just closed we shot Rob's down so busy I
just saw somebody from high school are
gonna Ralph's and he probably looked at
me and said like you're hanging out in a
parking lot and you're like 25 but
you're amazing you're like 26 buck yeah
oh that's right oh this is so
embarrassing
let's get some jello Matt drunk
that's the sequel to not cool not drunk
though the college years starring you -
that's alcoholic drop this little dark
though on the in the fuckit list is
actually like the a a list luckily
should be actually fucking people wait
are they gonna make a porn parody you
know what I do that not go porn parody
the fuck with never been well have a
whole email account set up
yeah yeah I wasn't important called
Angry Birds what happens in it they
slings against the jury I talk about my
channel is it a video game like you
flick your finger and it flies did your
boy little kids played Angry Birds any
guys dear Pope wait would you like you
flip the bird look in your vagina is
that how it was a game it was a porn and
the only reason he called a horny words
we were at a strip club and there's a
bunch of girls that were horny they
called horny birds birds are girls did
they call yeah I was like oh that's how
oh my god wait did they ever do a temple
run Oh fuckin words with Ted's hurts I
love it draw my dick that was a series
of wrassle to say yes that's my series
that you gave me the idea oh yeah we
want her to do a draw my life instead
it's about all the dick she's seen I
mean I could have like thousands of that
let's keep it to dick she's touched
still a lot but not as much anyways this
is getting a little too far I'm getting
a little too real wait how many dicks it
not how many dicks you touch have you
ever touched anybody else's tip no well
do you want me to I don't know maybe one
of Angry Birds it like your hair
Oh oh my god I know it's here that's
super small I'm big oh that was actually
my Audi oh my god guys this is where all
fucking happened
there it is here comes here comes here
comes Jenny Craig I used to work or it
shares it with the threadings shake it
out I felt a little bit of it yeah yeah
for sure let's toast oh my god let's
fucking toast
so it looks like they're doing great
they're right next to a snow biggie
whatever the fuck that is so the right
next was shit hand so that's nice for
cial he's back you're gonna be like
working a Jenny Craig I was thinking
like a factory it's a fat factory oh my
God my fats mossad fat tears are back
there I see him I see him
oh my god this is so definitely the one
in there Jillian what's the wait song
they leave the lights on cuz they want
me to feel like are you scared what do
you think's get out I think we're trying
to break in Christie is gonna yeah he's
gonna run out you're like they're gonna
fight me again it's just so weird I used
to come out here and be like I hate my
job I fucking hate my job my brother be
like yeah me too all that happened here
and now I sold the TV show based on how
terrible it is so I can't wait for you
guys to see that it's gonna take place
right here guys if the show it whatever
happens it might we're still writing it
you know why I am gonna check on my
anger yes fuck you good what's the cops
come
fuck you fuck you and someone comes out
kidding series goodbye
alright guys it's the end of the night
I'm driving home and we were just
talking about Kate's but one time he
jumped into a swimming pool and her
panties flew off and me my brother saw
and we had underwater goggle with her
head underwater goggles first of all it
was underwater goggle camera oh that's
even more word and I got it sent to me
my P o box but what do you guys is it is
sad though that the person send me those
probably has grown up and doesn't watch
me anymore they probably died though but
you know what never die kids bye
question of the day what for my
childhood do you want to see I showed
you my old work what else do you want to
see let me know do you want to see a
relative do you want to see where I took
my first poop you want to see where I
have my first piece we don't worry hi
Jessamyn in the other day we'll see you
20 kids s oh my god
there is my best friend and this air
will be like she knew that today and
then I'll be like who are you again your
name is what Sarah God I don't know
Sarah
