that was unexpected hey guys yeah okay
good it's okay hey what yes yes we are
here and we are going to do with a
Vegemite challenge because I was like
hey want to come over and do something
disgusting and he's like I'll bring a
condom and I was like oh you're not
gonna need it
no God knows he's already he's like oh
I'll bring the loop who eats with Lou
pee water no I'm not with that
Beyonce what you all your references are
your four references of literally a gay
3505 than I am slave bitch hi Tina
J I'm 35 black okay so means yes we are
going to do with a Vegemite ranch
basically what this is is we are both
going to take a spoonful of this and try
to eat it now if you don't know what
Vegemite is neither do I so we're on the
same page is it like a salty spread
another one of your gave lactose girl
she was all about me with her salty
spread get away with me with that hey
Chris yeah spend your money too salty
spread I could not find Vegemite so I
got the ghetto version I think I mean
that's a store called Marmite Marmite
which is totally the same well I know
it's vegetarian let's see how this goes
oh it actually gives a description
delicious when spread thinly on toast or
for a treat try before midnight on
crispy bread products geez sound like a
good oh wow there's a lot of ingredients
that I can't pronounce a perfect that
means it's all natural
here's your marmee's here's your spoon
where you said spoon that's not what I
thought you meant we can spoon while we
are marma night you like vomit with your
spooning I like
working my thing now wait wait ahead of
it for a second it smelled like a butter
jelly for a second it sounds good
and then it continues and then it burns
your nose hairs and it goes to your
brain it says this is not good this is
not good are we doing a big scoop I feel
like we shake like a bowl spoon okay oh
the consistency
oh my god I'm gonna choke on this close
your eyes watch this video and get
something else okay that's a big you
need to do it at all this is what it
would look like how about my spoon in my
ear I'm not going to clean myself okay
okay
three two I don't know if I give a fuck
about this is my idea okay like do it
cheers Cheers
oh no why did you do it I don't why it's
just more it's just giving up my food oh
that was bad at here look my spoon as a
top level that's cute three two one go
oh here oh my god
Oh
looking whiter you will really out fresh
how is it still in your mouth oh I was
threw up I was it really does have like
a bottle taste to it
alright I did not know it's so bad if
only I'm not making this up I'm not
trying to be funny I'm not trying to it
tastes like the worst fucking Bank of
America 500 ice roses bread it thinly on
toast and cut okay you guys you could
spread that then we on Hilary Duff's
teeth and I wouldn't lick it off the
Hilary Duff challenge Hillary if you're
watching this we'd like to lick it off
your teeth no the challenge would be
here we go
cuz that challenge I love it I guess oh
god it's still a mess my mouth still
member oh you don't never mind yeah it
kind of tastes like canned cheese but
mixed with ass yeah ask Angie yeah so
it's like cheese came out of an ass yeah
and then they get solved dude that
sounds good I don't know this was very
bad question of the day what food should
we try to if you want to see us do the
teabag challenge you can subscribe what
that is that's a thick teabag challenge
be over to his channel subscribe and
check it off make sure to subscribe to
me too I make music and
watch my mouth out is do you back bye
glad to get there hi what do you think
corny give a shit what would your
tenders say hi I'm corny I'm dangerously
flexible my tongue never stays in my
mouth and I lick my own vagina so I
really don't need you
