I think I went up to Beyonce and I was
just like I just wanna introduce myself
my name is Jojo I'm a huge fan she's
like I know who you are oh you're
wonderful and she took it no that's your
mommy place you wait what song she
starting she started singing my remake
of week my first album oh my god oh my
god the fan oh that was laughs but
yesterday was a very interesting day for
me number one I woke up and I wasn't
crying ambassadors number two I decided
that for an entire 24 hours I was going
to be weakened now people on the
internet have been wanting you to go
vegan for years now I don't know why I
really ended spokesperson for help oh my
god oh my god part of it yeah my body
looks like a trash bag full of cheese
but today we're going to make my body a
trash bag full of vegan cheese but now
that people have been trying to give it
a go vegan forever really has made
multiple videos maybe a menu plan
actually to Shane Dawson so what about
me shy let's have a little you about me
I even did a video with freely where she
fucking stabbed me yeah that just proves
that freelee's a hypocrite look at her
killing a pig so obviously before I went
on this journey I wanted to get a good
before picture of my body so eyeball
users beware okay here we go it is time
for my big moment
sorry did I say moment I meant body okay
so I never really show my body on camera
because I hate it but I feel like I have
to because this is a real
before-and-after so I'm going to show
you my stomach which I never do so
here's my stomach she has a mark so
that's what it looks like now listen I
know it's not great she's not killing it
like she's dead and I know what you guys
are thinking like wow that's not as big
as we expected like we were thinking you
were going to be like huge I just carry
my weight very strangely
I'm just being bitch and I'm just wide
but I definitely could lose some weight
like keep it real so that is what the
side of it looks like I definitely have
a fat roll for sure
so hopefully by tomorrow you know we got
SL veganism works right
fix my potato body so step one on my
journey of being vegan for a day is to
watch some of those scary videos that
vegan tell you to watch and people say
if you watch these videos you literally
will never eat meat again let's try it
okay I'm at my computer and I'm about to
watch some slaughterhouse videos I am
not ready okay this one's called ducks
head bashed in at slaughter head back
I'm ready for this this duckling would
be too Oh No Oh God for the beaver what
no no oh my god oh my god I didn't want
to say this word because it sounds like
I'm trying to be funny but bitch she'll
die I'm going to throw up
Wow workers project killed us by basking
their head against the wall Oh fry
off-screen love duck we need to plot
their wings and kicks for several
minutes before finally die I I really
doesn't give you like a funny part of
the video like me like that look at that
but it I'm fucking crying right now I
need to see a big one
oh no oh god oh god what's happening oh
god no oh my god just a second I know
you hate me but I'm in love
this is crazy listen this just makes me
want to try going vegan even more it is
crazy though because like I do eat meat
and I do like meat like I love chicken
and I love burgers and oh my god he's
kissing my face I really do want to talk
I'm gonna try I'm going to go full force
today we're doing it we're going to
begin today because this is fucked
don't worry
hurry chuchito oh so then it was time
for me to make my vegan breakfast hey
everyone welcome back to you to begin
peg I am about to do my morning routine
so I've already hit all my tags over to
my Instagram feed check now next up is
breakfast so here I have my vegan
cupboard ignore the candy I like a
simple vegan meal so I like to do these
brown rice cakes I actually don't know
if there be good yeah right vegan oh my
god then I have my vegan almond butter I
think right and then I have that guy
that stares at me and judges me you're
never gonna look like me you're always
gonna look like a dumpster outside of an
RV thanks Jay okay now it's time to cook
so first I like to just take my brown
rice cake and then I accidentally break
it because I'm a big fucking monster so
let me just take my broken ass rice cake
and I think about how much it symbolizes
my life so I just get a big spoonful of
almond butter and I slather my broken
rice cake with it oh I can't broke it
again and then there is my beautiful
ethers Kat here is that vegan I hate my
bow and there it is I just kind of
squish them together like a little
sandwich and I pretend it's Big Mac and
that's when you're vegan Pig recipe mmm
these are old so then later lunchtime
was rolling around and I was trying to
figure out what the Habs then I started
doing some googling and the in Rylan
found a burger that is vegan that
believes one of these is not a hamburger
this one was created in a lab it's
called the impossible burger and it's
100% made from plants this is bloody and
red and it cooks and tastes like an
actual seat pad Oh
oh that is fucking gross I just don't
know why it's bloody look at me with my
ass so obviously we wanted to try it so
we had to find a place in LA that sold
them and it was interesting alright
we're about to go get the impossible
burger are you ready for this I'm so
ready
what are you expecting well it looks
disgusting stop dragging my big and
lifestyle she I wonder if it's gonna be
impossible to shit out
oh my design fucking wipe my ass on it
all right let's see believe oh it smells
good I guess nothing means Big Mac is
tight I need a doctor
what team I'm talking weird I mean it
kind of is like me after like your mom
ate it and then she like in a gear mouth
you know like Sunday dinner but it
definitely cleaned up sickly beneath
your dress
pick up big old pipe can you get blood
on your lips that's my thing it's good
that's literally you have to have sex
with me Clippers I don't think this is
for vegans I think this is for fat non
vegans who want to pretend to be vegan
forgave me I'm sorry what is that
Oh what might not only did you get me
you got a fucking an egg that's running
everywhere
you know that's baby chicken see what
there's no Pig I'm right here not
interesting we're just talking about the
fact that we have animals where I like
be a pet but we eat animal which I'm
like oh but like the animals we eat are
like stupid right but no when you think
about it pig is like five hundred
thousand kind of martyr then who know
like a million so we found out that we
failed and that was not vegan
the meat was fake but there was cheese
and about both not vegan so it's
literally 1 p.m. and I failed now later
on for dinner I actually really wanted
to try like a good vegan meal I wanted
something that was going to make me
actually think maybe I can do this so I
reached out to one of my YouTube friends
named Colette so Khalil is vegan and she
makes a lot of videos talking about the
benefit showing really awesome recipes
and just kind of showing that being
vegan doesn't mean you have to just like
eat salads all the time like this bitch
is making pizza so she invited me and
Ryland over for dinner and I even helped
her cook and yeah fucked up a lot okay
guys I have entered the vegan Queen
palette hello thank you for inviting me
over to eat your fake knees so I have a
little welcome gift is it age thing that
Chi what so I have some of that I think
that my books add literally gray but ok
I'm ready if I can turn me vegan there's
bones in that for sure that is that a
fake bone okay I'm gonna make a sandwich
oh my god all right here we go
it smells good
this is uh right like it kind of tastes
like lunchable like I can fuck with this
order success so what we're going to do
is we're going to hang out and then
we're going to make dinner I'm going to
try to help
you know going from mac and cheese pizza
flip fuck me up and that's going to be
fully vegan we're not going to fuck it
up to that okay first I want a vegan
fridge tour so take me through it I
couldn't make this videos on my channel
but when I steal your concert wow that's
a lot of nut butter you have some summer
now this seems like way too healthy do
not eat junk food at all right here your
class like you're fucking lying ass shit
I don't believe you that's a person
there are some bagels a very low-fat
vegan yogurt have you got it no yeah
fuck me huh all right sure I don't know
oh my god wait here we go this isn't
healthy no regular yogurt it's not
healthy either hmm we are we going like
that problem I might not get out I think
we play bin in throwing our shave let
her make the pizza you're not the vegan
Queen I am wrong hey this is funny
I love my new vegan me okay so what is
all this I'm making like a white garlic
cheese sauce wait but there's cashews
what about cashews and vegan recipes
tend to be creamy so we're going to
curate it ooh ah I love caches because
they look like little dog dicks or not
not like dogs fingernails
look at that okay little dog meal now I
can think about is dead
so that's going to blend it and then
it's going to be cheese it's going to be
like a pink sauce that we're going to
put the base of the people that made me
hard
okay wait is that the macaroni what did
you make that this is Annie
oh yeah again hook me up Annie mmm no
sexy pour what is my shit going to be
like like what's like my first vegan
shit how bad are we talking like it's
not bad it looks I'm not really easily
it what it really smells exact thing on
your eat it I can't wait for that we're
getting in a mask you okay me forgetting
is good the price is so good
I'm doing okay over here we're gonna
cobble the documents okay maybe not a
piece this big you know you like maximum
meat I'm a little higher you everything
this we begin not it look legit oh
definitely so long fucking slay the tray
okay it's been about 20 minutes whoo-ahh
you got the vegan ranch you literally
arraignment hell yeah Oh literally vegan
wraps Oh hold on let me get in here Oh
God we're close knit fuck
okay we've cut the pizza it's on the
plate I have my vegan ranch I think I'm
going to do like I saw lit like a little
dollar and then I found this in her
fridge I literally opened it without
adding some vegan sriracha might really
like getting in there oh I'm nervous
begin
this is fucking good I'm dying
there's rather than my nose butters gum
no this is actually really fucking bomb
you're like am I ready this every night
and get very fast
you have killed it we are vegan and I
love my vegan life god I just want to
prove to you I do not lie about food
this was so fucking bomb I the entire
thing and now I'm currently licking the
plate Queen said that you also have
dessert coming yeah okay it's dessert
time we have some vegan brownies and two
vegan ice cream and I mean yeah I didn't
realize as you know bowl just like fudge
right oh that looks like I put my dick
in it okay oh oh the spoon plays the
Matt that's good all those go I say this
ice cream is better than the Namibian
one
I can't wait to shit tonight I think
it's gonna be crazy
ok the end of the night full party I had
to go to the other room and I farted I
did I had to go to your bathroom don't
go on that um we were actually talking
about something that I kind of thought
would be interesting to wrap up on and
that was like people think that if you
want to go vegan you should like jump
right into it go full began dismantling
for me personally like I want to slowly
get into it so do you think it's ok if I
slow like try later
and maybe at some point before vegan but
like can I be like a casualty I've
always said that being a a Jenny you
shouldn't just slowly transition
and it feels less keep going if it
doesn't feel good take a piece of that
I'm happy as long as there's less
animals on place that's all I care about
I love that thank you for helping me
with my first vegan journey I can't wait
to go for it
and chef Lilly so that was my whole like
day of being a vegan but the grand
finale of all of it
um was shitting all of it out which
literally felt like my ass was an
upside-down volcano yeah what that
impossible burger might have possibly
ripped open my ass and it's bloody I
literally feel like there is a hose
coming out of my ass we're going to need
more paper yeah my ass was flaming hot
chester the cheeto it's so shocking
sunglasses a lot so here's my kind of
wrap up of the whole situation I
actually really did enjoy being vegan
for a day I liked the food I liked how I
felt later that night that shit bitch it
was like somebody just stabbed right
into that trash bag that is me and when
we stole the cheese and I did wake up
this morning feeling better like I felt
like I had more energy I wasn't crying
and I still have more shit it's
literally long gone it feels like hot
soup now listen I'm gonna try my best to
incorporate more vegan meals I don't
know if I can go full vegan but seeing
those videos and also living the day in
at the in life and enjoying it
definitely makes it appealing and I
really do want to try so I think I might
slowly incorporate and who knows maybe
like a month from now I'll be a full
vegan princess and plus I heard that
there's places that has you can don't
ask Andi
ice-cream and vegan cake bitch I can be
Deaconess they'll be back my brand won't
suffer but on a real note I really do
100% respect people who are vegan and
who live that lifestyle because they're
saving animals honestly and as much as I
love animals I guess I shouldn't be
eating at all contradictive I'm going to
keep you guys updated so last but not
least it is time to look at my body
after being vegan for a day okay it is
the next morning I have completely shit
out my insides and it's time to see my
actor okay I mean I mean I definitely
feel like light like I could fucking
jump and fly
what a fag is that was good and I mean
obviously side profile are not super
matter like I'm definitely not as like
bloated you can kind of see the fat roll
is like slightly smaller also ignore my
bathtub that's filled with glow sticks I
love my little Isis so there you guys go
hope you enjoyed this weird experience
of me trying to be good if you want me
to try it again
maybe I'll try to do a week oh lord give
me a thumbs up so I know also let me
know down in the comments if you have
ever tried being vegan or maybe you are
vegan give me some tips and also make
sure to go subscribe to kalau and it's
done to me and it's an official another
new videos database and I will see you
little trash bags full of cheese
tomorrow
Oh
Oh
