today I don't feel like to win anything
I just wanna lay in my bed don't pick up
the telephone though leave a message
after the tone
because today I don't feel like to win
anything nothing at all nothing at all
nothing and ah
heads of you guys yes I don't feel like
me shit don't feel like doing fucking
shit today you know what shit am i did
oh my god - oh I'm gonna I'm gonna keep
it like this distance so you don't see
that shit Almighty is that that looks
like chocolate but I have an aunt
chocolate in like a week that might be
chocolate from a week ago hey guys I am
don't feel like doing shit we don't feel
like it was shit so fucking window just
shit I know y'all came to my channel
y'all like oh damn Shane's gonna do like
a challenge like Shane's gonna do like
something crazy like him and I just seen
her gonna be throwing up on each other
like him and Joey are gonna be sucking
each other's dicks and shit called the
stick sucking challenge and him it
rebeccablack gonna be like 69 and it's
gonna be like it's Friday Friday I got a
69 on Friday and then you came and you
got this you're welcome
you know what I'm talkin about those
days where all you want to do lay on the
couch with your dog and watch sister
wives okay maybe that last one is just
me I find it fascinating one gay man for
lesbian wives I'm trying to understand
how it all works
so last night shit got crazy shit got
real crazy I was hanging out with a
couple people and I found out what
tinder is and no I'm not talking about
the terrible amazing Ke$ha song I'm
talking about the terrible amazing
iPhone out where you basically swipe
through different people and say whether
or not you think they're ugly and then
they tell you if they think you're ugly
and then you fuck I think I don't know I
don't really understand what the end
goal is the worst part of it is though
as I was swiping I was seeing people
that I know also seeing how fake they
are my name is Julie I'm 20 years old
I'm a virgin
my boobs are real this isn't a high
angle this is
just how I'm look I don't wear underwear
and I go to the gym 18 times a day Julie
I know you fat ass bitch you fat ass
bitch wearing granny panties I know you
you fat ass bitch never even been to the
gym except for when they were giving
away free samples of protein bars
because you thought they were cookies
Julie's the ho I just don't understand
people why would you want to find a date
from an iPhone app that would be like
going on candy crush's and being like
you know what I'm about to fuck this
bitch it doesn't make sense I mean the
Sims that kind of makes sense what do
you think corn II don't give shit
what would your tinder say hi I'm corny
I'm dangerously flexible my tongue never
stays in my mouth and I lick my own
vagina so I really don't need you so
keep flipping I'd swipe that it's going
jail ah we're up on tinder getting nasty
licking oh god licking assed
I taste your ass so question of the day
what do you think about tinder I think
it's a terrible way to meet people
Craigslist is so much easier I heard you
guys I'm gonna go I'm gonna keep doing
nothing do nothing with me let's do
nothing together there's people getting
raped outside my house okay you can see
their shadows
that's right corny that's right we don't
tolerate that right you guys are funny
yep I'm with you I'm sorry I'm gonna go
brush my teeth the hell is that that's
not chocolate all right I'm gonna go
take care of this by hack I would say
that Harry Styles pretty much took the
cake on this one not the actual wedding
cake but the metaphorical cake that goes
to the most attention gathering outfit
at a wedding / explanation is a hobby of
mine a hobby is when you
