welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
the things that are blowing up on the
Internet
Australia need to rejoice Vaughn
released his first single off of his
upcoming EP TRX ye that totally rhymed
and the song is very good the song
itself is delightful and unique and
poignant and full of drug references so
I thought we should definitely play a
very fun game I like to call count the
drug references no drugs yet no drugs
yes no drugs yet unknown is not a drug
I'm gonna assume that some type of drug
we got one draws laughing okay but
alcohol is a drug - drugs
Gucci not a drug just expensive cocaine
free drugs happy lip or okay I would say
the blatant drug references we have for
these are specific types of drugs now
there were other allusions to drugs but
most of them are just building on the
original solid foundation of or I could
be missing some I don't pretend to be
entirely up-to-date on the street drug
slang stay in school kids I used to
think Fifty Shades of Grey meant a
boring trip to a paint shop
but not anymore a New York Times
bestselling novel Fifty Shades of Grey
is being turned into a film and the
trailer for that film was just released
so I thought it would be fun if I
reacted to it like a regular fine
brothers child so here is teen girl
reacts to the trailer for a film she
knows very little about other than it is
very kinky okay
I'm gonna click the video nice Blazers
all around to two out of two Blazers to
thumbs out
three Blazers there are three Blazers oh
he's pretty there's been a lot of light
dramatic movements some montage the
whole trailer doesn't really look like a
really boring romantic drama and then
the last five seconds they just sort of
throw it at you overall that's you know
what I'm just not the demographic I will
never hear that Beyonce song the same
way again but you missed an article
discussing how each member of One
Direction dressed to attend a wedding
and I would say that Harry Styles pretty
much took the cake on this one not the
actual wedding cake but the metaphorical
cake that goes to the most attention
gathering outfit at a wedding
/ explanation is a hobby of mine a hobby
is when you the moth butterfly combo
tattoo she has kind of on his abdomen
area was showing in full force it had
gone through metamorphosis and its wings
were spread so many buttons on his shirt
were unbuttoned to the point where Fabio
would have probably been like hey Harry
Styles broad bro button a couple more
buttons I'm a judge but honestly I don't
care hey Harry Styles you do you express
your sense of fashion I mean I'm wearing
a sweatshirt with a 92 on it why the
number 92 I don't know I where did they
get that number
thank you for watching a stylish episode
of Ofcom hopefully we didn't hit you
with our awesome internet shrapnel you
did enjoy this episode make sure to give
it a thumbs up and head on over to
youtube.com slash
Alexis she's all check out my latest
video where I made up my very own
challenge called the hash tag because
why not relatable teen post challenge
and I think that you would enjoy it
subscribe if you enjoy it
kik question of the day how do you feel
about one Direction's wedding style
attire I think they were dressed very
sharply sharp like a thumbtack so good
