hey what's up you guys okay I'm actually
very excited today because today I'm
going to be playing a game called the
Paris Oh Paris test or no game what is
this it's an experience that's what it's
probably anyways you guys wanted me to
play this game um actually I'm gonna
online like want to be guys want to play
this game and I got very excited about
time so I looked it up and it's up it's
a Paris Hilton game there's nothing I
love more than playing around with
Paris's parts let's do it oh my god
first of all I mean this is not Paris I
don't know what this is this looks like
a pig mixed with somebody with a lot of
eating disorders mixed with a woman with
the world's biggest hand
okay uh Paris throat greasy meat at
Paris the fat rap kick do that oh my God
look at her job is to bail that's hot
wait how do I do I just have meat here
Oh Taylor value stolen know how I kill
chicka Bow Wow my did they have walls
there it's more fun if you click faster
thanks Paris that's what he said oh
there we go
ah of course she'd small hot on first
Jesus fart oh my god I love chicken ah
thank you a bitch Oh
sabot she's eaten so much and she looks
still skinnier than me I'm like an
American okay Oh
is it bad this is like turning me off
everything here there we go
I'm so bachelor oh my gosh so fucking
bad yeah
my dog is freaking out okay look I want
her to oh ah look at her oh she smells
ah she's melted does get here come on
come on us pretty good wrists just like
playing with the real Paris
what's if you into a room oh do you
really need to let your eating how about
some sympathy liposuction yes oh my god
the dog is doing it yeah that was the
grossest thing I've ever seen
harvest if you do ever play this game I
hope they think it was funny that makes
everything okay
Oh Lord well they're guys go that was me
playing the Paris Hilton game and it's
worth everybody good leave me some
comments let me know what game you want
me to play next and also subscribe I
make new videos every single day so
check them out and I will see you guys
tomorrow
nothing like guys don't leave us oh wait
oh oh they're gonna get up you're going
