I don't know about you but that's a
creepy a song that I think I've ever
heard
hey what's it be guy I hope you're
following following following me on
Twitter and then following following
following me on Instagram and then
subscribing the living room to me on
youtube I am hyper today because I'm
getting ready to go to a photo shoot bed
play queen
snap snap bitch other gay words that I
don't think I can think of right now I'm
sure they'll be a gay photographer there
who will be throwing than that ass very
excited about it I am doing a photo
shoot for Seventeen magazine why cousin
26 so that's happening um I'm 25 26 held
am i again I don't know I lie about it
all the time I'm 38 ah
so I'm doing the photo shoot with Joey
that's gonna be fun so the magazine is
like it's like a youtube edition of
Seventeen magazine which I guess means
there'll be lots of challenges in it
instead of quizzes maybe all the girls
at the slumber party scene be like oh
let's do the cracker banana barf
challenge I don't think that's a thing
it should be a thing now Joey will do it
so we're gonna do that me and Joey are
gonna like make out I don't know what
we're doing we're in like the love
section of the magazine I am about
99.999 percent sure that Seventeen
magazine thinks were gay couple I'm okay
with that not mad about it I'm actually
kind of excited about it feel like this
could be me and Joey's like first big
step in a relationship you know what I
mean first step is magazine covers
next up his marriage step after that
children step after that a collab
channel and then we'll die my life is
all playing out well look through
seventeen again to sleep a queen
you're so good okay how did you prepare
for this I have like not had a cupcake
in like the last 15 minutes
so I feel really good suck yeah I heard
you I had one in your car I'm not and
that was over 15 minutes ago said I'm
going to show how 17
where are you going to be in this
picture I'll be like a creepy in the
background this cooing only got aunt
edition seventeen it'll be called 48
it'll be great
not it you could you could do like your
your courier your craft haul oh sure
sure
by the way Joe is here good we're
playing with this big stick looks like a
stick that line people use but it's for
Mom ready
hello guys don't leave us oh so hot like
that I gotta cut skinny we love people
just think we have the world's longest
arm I thought oh so sad oh it cuts the
youtube for the longest time hey let's
take a selfie
hahahaha so getting our looks we're
getting our looks look in our look we're
looking at her looks what your look to
get less luck is like oh this is um I
swear I'm not gay look but I might be
gay look for him look oh my god she's
here oh my god sue seesaw oh my god
she's totally naked under this her body
right naked robot it's kind of hairy
though look at it yeah like delicious oh
my god oh geez oh oh my god of it oh
well I was are all the others all the
quitters very exciting guys oh god these
are pants Joey doesn't have to get
groomed his perfect game he's all done
see my dandruff is falling off
your pictures taking that kinda like
getting our pictures taken with all
these people trying to make us look
beautiful
they're working really hard though I
know we have the lighting and the camera
women we really I mean like can we get
God's like can what God just flashes
like it's being eat alone my my look at
that
thanks boo - really though though yeah
is it again so I just finished the
photoshoot and went well I'm kind of
buff I'm getting buff and I'm excited
about it
I've been eating like a lot of proteins
I've been doing like a lot of heroin we
are here look at that that's the
Hollywood sign right there
reach for the stars because you're never
gonna be one so I was very excited I met
a lot of youtubers today that I had not
known before I met Dulce candy 87
I mean her I hit it off think we're
gonna be best friends but my date yeah
such a guru met her hadn't seen Blair
Jesus during a while
always good to see Joey youtubers are
nice some of them are assholes but all
the ones that I know are nice
all the ones that like I I like are nice
does that make any sense I don't know
I'm so obsessive Dolce because I
thinking about her she's like Mexican is
short and I love it it's gonna shove her
my pocket meter from liters suck on her
Dolce I'm gonna go to my car and I can't
stop saying though and I won't stop
saying slay gonna say BAE and clean all
day all I wanna do is daily sleep mm-hmm
yes I can't stop talking like that I
know it's getting annoying
I just can't all um so yes I'm in the
car I'm on my way home they did my hair
differently today than I usually do it
which was kind of cool they did like a
weird like thank you literally put her
face on my heroin just that question of
the day if I had my own magazine what
would it be called I'm gonna go with
likes or huh
though the magazine the magazine though
okay I got stuff like I said I'm feeling
good you know I'm feeling really good
right now about life I'm happy with my
haircut
I'm happy with the movie and what's
happening with that feeling good about
the future I'm going through a lot of
stuff right now that you guys don't know
about that I'm not really telling you
but but it's all it's all working itself
out my goal this year was to do things
out of my comfort zone and I want to
grow as a person you know I don't want
to just stay the same Shane even though
a lot of the comments want me to I want
to I want to change it I want to grow up
and you know I'm turning 26 in like a
day and
I want to feel 26 so you might notice
some changes on this channel you might
have some changes in me I just want you
to know that um hopefully I'll be for
the better
that was me basically saying I'm getting
plastic surgery and I'm a woman now I'm
kidding all right you guys I'm gonna go
miss Leigh Leigh Leigh vlogs though you
later bye by the way Dolce Dolce de
leche don't you can't be go dulce de
leche give me up though like honestly
like I'm following on Twitter now like I
wasn't before but like I am now and it's
not my fault I didn't know you were but
I did though like I knew your name like
I know your face though I just didn't do
you know I don't know I just felt like
like now me and you were like in the
same like planet you don't mean like
we're in the same Bullock Andy like
you're the dough chick nd then I'm like
the nasty candy though like the one
people spit oh I'm really gonna go down
my another part of the body I feel like
I've done this one but it's always a
winner Harry Styles Harry but let's say
Harry hole you there's very quaffed
