adjective Oh which one is that again
this is gonna go from rating hey guys
yes we are here and we are about to play
mad libs I'm so excited I have not
played this game since I was kids so god
I didn't play games when I was a kid I
just added my room alone and cried
adjectives depressing are you guys yes
we were like I have my mad lifting right
here and we're gonna do one called
makeover madness ooh cuz girl you need
up make oh I'm getting good at insulting
it's usually you didn't eat yummy
adjectives bitch wait that's a noun
bitchy bitchy yeah that describes you
okay first things first we need an
adjective
alright bitchy it is we need a person in
the room was a female and I'm gonna go
with Lisa oh wow I just give this bitchy
and you're oh this is great person in
the room who's female I'm another one
that's not nice corny Oh corny okay who
is and not having this she does not make
grammar adjectives but liquor that's
more than her malicious ain't you
delicious delicious reminds you a
delicious foam baby hey I don't think it
it asked you ready for this jelly
no I gross - yeah it's a rare occasion
you're sweaty excavation okay now poop
stains poop stain part of the body
nostril okay another part of the body I
feel like I've done this one but it's
always a winner Harry Styles hairy butt
oh that's a hairy hole
you probably quaffed adjectives I don't
like that you're looking at me yeah mmm
that gross no letting himself go it's a
hairy smelly I was gonna say sincere no
that's boring
Oh smelly plural noun tit dr. liqueurs
prissy looking TVs that doesn't really
make sense but okay now Trisha Paytas
who a Trisha Paytas color vomit pink
what do you eat
have you ever vomited bubblegum it's
rough and it does not get off the bowl
then iris wall bubblegum mom's pussy
pink yuh noun it says yeah okay pour all
down Shane's balls adjective huge sweat
a verb that's like when you do something
right Oh yikes
ready fine running adverb roughly
roughly plural noun Tyler Oakley's
Grindr hookups I'm just assuming I'm
Supes jelly noun ball tattoos part of
the body plural beef curtains don't say
you don't know what those are I know
what they are I just made a face that's
all alright
filler and right I'm gonna fill it in
while I'm doing it we're going to do
fast motion so be entertaining because
we're going to speed it up okay are you
ready couldn't be more ready I was ready
five minutes ago all right we're gonna
do by sentences you go first okay
a bitch seemed to be played by Lisa and
corny oh oh it's dialogue oh yeah hey
you play corny and I'll penny I'm gonna
give you an a malicious makeover you
will I look like a new poop stain yes
from head to nostril first well press
your Harry Styles hairy hole to make it
sleek and smelly whoo what about my
pussy licker Aras my friends say my eyes
are my best Trisha Paytas they are
applying mom's pink pussy I incest will
definitely bring out the color of your
Shane's balls and changing your huge and
sweaty clothes look awesome that's true
it they are not flattering you don't
like the way I did not do it right we
did not do the verb right you don't like
the way I run
in you should try and dress more roughly
those Tyler Oakley hooker Grindr hookups
you've been wearing are so last year
totally trust me when we're finished
you'll be the talk of the ball tattoos
I've got my beef curtains crossed
why they kept our minor grammatical
errors
what is the crust beef curtains look
like do you want me to show you and make
it stop my guys go that was our mad with
fun time we are smart and mature and
really cool that was the wrong adjective
lesson of the day
well give us an adjective to describe
our relationship and if you don't know
what adjective is you're not allowed as
you guys have been funny of us we go
over to Lisa's channel and what are we
doing over there we're doing more
freakin mad libs and we're gonna rock
this one yeah
hide you guys'll be a fun day with us we
have fun day with you I'll see you over
at least Channel bye
oh I forgot I haven't watched a Trisha
Paytas video today yeah then I'll watch
one of those and I'll be like ooh I
forgot I haven't stalked everybody from
high school on Facebook today yet and
I'll do that and then I'll go ooh I
forgot there's chocolate in the fridge
and then everything's done
