this is what it would be like if you
were in the passenger seat next to me
let's shut the fuck up I'm driving
fucking idiot I'm kidding but that is
that would be heads if you guys yes I'm
driving no I'm actually stopped not
driving he's walking he's way more
healthy than I am and he's 85 reality
check anyways yes I'm on my way to a
jacksFilms he's a youtuber that I enjoy
and we're gonna do some type of a video
and I'm excited there's a 95 year old
woman over there doing aerobics on her
lon
I am very unhealthy I don't about you
guys but I feel like every time I try to
get really healthy it lasts for an hour
not even a day like I will be like I'll
wake up in morning so it is a new day
and I'll drink a little smoothie and all
like sit down at my computer and I'll
look up like different exercise programs
online and then I'll be like oh I forgot
I haven't watched a Trisha Paytas video
today yet then I'll watch one of those
and I'll be like ooh I forgot I haven't
stalked everybody from high school on
Facebook today yet and I'll do that and
then I'll go ooh I forgot there's
chocolate in the fridge and then
everything's done not healthy never
going to be healthy I try but today I'm
trying again I have my smoothie here
sounds terrible I better tell me I have
some running clothes in my bag I don't
know how long this is gonna last if I go
to Jack's house and he has cookies well
it's over
no Shane healthy were healthy today but
if he has cookies I mean what am I going
to do I can't just let them not be eaten
I mean that's unfair to the cookie you
know that's the cookies life goal I need
to help the cookie do what it's supposed
to be doing on this planet yeah yeah I
feel good about that I'm really good at
enabling myself lies camera check me
vicious oh yeah it's my little stick
don't even worry about it no no I know
you're still you know I say oh I know
they know your stick huh we just filmed
a fun little video for my channel check
out it's called PewDiePie it's pretty
sick I'm just doing it for the firm I've
never heard of that before I it's gets
get in there is getting there you know
we're trying what an interesting name
oh my god I feel like that's gonna blow
out we have I don't want to give it away
granted this vlog will party go out in
like two years but we did something and
there's a box in his laptop and there
might be a bag of bones who knows the
balls challenge Vaughn right we finally
did it you guys been asking
for weeks weeks we finally did the bonds
challenge I'll see you on Monday see you
guys later question of the day what
store should we go to next no kidding we
did a whole video making fun of
challenges which listen I do a lot of
challenges and I make fun of them as
well everything has become a challenge
breathing what I just did spitting and
talking and swallowing at the same time
what other challenges do you face in
life oh my gosh the hashtag is struggle
you know after I judge Estes watch so
it's not too tough challenge I had to
make sure my dog doesn't you know crap
herself about 5 minutes it's just it's
just it's just really hard Shane all
right I don't want to talk about it
you know what challenge you're
succeeding at though is that looking
good in those sandals haha because
they're not they're not sandals shame
and called Birkenstocks it's burka thang
free
I would not the same dole challenge the
Birkenstock challenge would not do well
for me but I don't think they do well
for me but I rock him all the same no
they do have nice feet yeah well that's
been a while since I had my last
mani-pedi but you know I think I might
try to get one uh yeah yeah no years
cool also I want what's your what's your
Oscar over there for this one is for
world's best person okay why are you why
are you laughing no no that's great I
was this is hard work Shane no it's
amazing you ever it looks like you well
yeah right that's yeah a little flabbier
than me but yeah you know yeah however
than that I know what's the other one oh
this one is uh you know we refurbish
Netflix Jaya doodles I I sold some some
Netflix accounts I didn't sell it one
way I got some Netflix accounts and they
gave me this Oscar I think the bad
spelling is a reference to the series I
may call wait a minute are you being
serious is this really from Netflix yeah
yeah wait what they sent you this why
because I I did like I did plugs for
Netflix and I was able to get like a
certain number of Commission's per month
and they they liked so much they made a
little fatally to make it they said how
much I want it
Oscar from I don't really ever get
advertisers for some reason nobody wants
to put ads on my stuff why I don't get
it maybe maybe if I start making videos
that you know advertisers like I'll get
an Oscar you know don't uh set your
goals to hi buddy no just just a little
uh some from the pros mmm
Bish's Willa wants to know Shane where's
the weirdest place you've ever
masturbated okay I never wanted to tell
the story but why not tell it you guys
are my friends my family my confidants
