it's bedtime never gonna say that you
guys again I'm sorry
hey guys yes I'm wearing my headband I'm
laying in bed I have a stuffed animal in
between my feet it's getting weird
we're gonna be answering some more of
your guys's questions and by we I mean
me and the voices in my head and this
stuffed animal first question Tilly
wants to know are you pregnant I don't
know how to answer that my personal life
is my personal life but I'm not gonna
bring my kids into this
although shaycarl brought his kids into
it now he's a billionaire Sophia wants
to know what is one thing Lisa does that
annoys you I don't know it's hard to
think I mean she's pretty perfect I mean
except for the fact that she leaves
these all over the fucking house I want
some cereal I go to open cereal box boom
I get one of these I gotta go pee I open
the toilet seat boom I got one of these
I tell her I love her and I want to kiss
boom I got one of these
she's also abusive Kimberly wants to
know what's your happy hour an hour that
does not exist James wants to know who
is your favorite non vlogger youtuber I
don't know doesn't everybody vlog now
back in the day there used to be much
youtubers that made like actual videos
that took time and effort and that
stopped do you think God is vlogging us
do you think we are just one big vlog
that God is making do you think all the
other planets and aliens are subscribed
did I just blow your fucking mind
good Casey wants to know Shane did you
ever go to sleepovers when you were kids
I did not well I did I went to one and I
never went to any others after that
mainly because I was banned from them
let me explain I know you guys are gonna
think it's because I like whipped out my
baby penis in the middle of the prayer
circle but that's not what happened I
was a bed-wetter a intense bed-wetter
not just like not just like a few little
spots here and there I would fucking
drowned the place like remember that
scene in Titanic where that older couple
was like holding each other in bed and
the whole room was filling with water
and they were getting drowned and died
yeah
my friends were that old couple it was
so embarrassing I would wake up in real
the night the whole food just drenched
in pee and I'd have to like try to clean
it all up and trying to Hoffman get
their hair dryer and like put it on low
and like try to dry it off and like why
bunch of paper towels everywhere and it
was Warhol stressful and horrible and
then my friend's mom came out and was
like what are you doing and I was like
cleaning up just trying to helpful she
knew what happened
she called my parents and she said what
child just destroyed my house and they
said well God did he eat it
he ate the house okay we'll be right
over because as a kid I would eat
everything inside but no I just peed the
house so from that day on always never
invited back to any of my friends houses
is for some reason people don't like
when their house gets covered in pee
willow wants to know Shane where's the
weirdest place you've ever masturbated
okay I never want to tell the story but
why not tell it you guys are my friends
my family my confidants I masturbated in
my school every day I know it's
disgusting it's sick it's gross there's
nothing more disgusting than a public
bathroom in a high school or if you're
me there's nothing more sexist fuck well
a church bathroom but not even at
wheeler Network anyways every day in
school I would run to the bathroom
probably around like right before lunch
ended when I had like a good three
minutes left before the bell I was
really full I had just had my huge
cafeteria burrito I had had about three
bags of hot cheetos dipped in cream
cheese if you don't know what that is
get on my level bitch and this was
probably around a sixth grade or
something when I first like discovered
myself and I'll go to the bathroom I
would lock my little stall door I would
cry for about two minutes I really only
needed a minute to do my business so I
had time and then I would do it and I
never got caught but did get some stuff
on my pants and I had to clean it off
once and did not all clean off and I had
to make up stories all day for what it
was and now looking back I realized that
probably all the teachers knew what it
really was and now I'm friends with a
lot of them on Facebook and I feel like
I could have sex with them and I feel
like if I told them that story would
turn them on and I feel like I shouldn't
have told that story to anybody but I
just did YouTube where you guys goes all
the questions today good lord question
of the day actually no question today
leave me some questions more questions
down in the comments if you want me to
answer some more questions and I will
probably answer them I will literally
answer anything it's a problem also make
sure to subscribe and make it videos
every single day and they're fun and
fast and free so subscribe if you guys
have been fighting with me happening
with you and I'll see you
just me or does his woo at the beginning
just sound a little bit similar to the
crack kid from vine
