Dabangg calm we talked about the things
that are blowing up on the internet that
was way more tiring than it should have
been my heart is beating fast yes we do
all have that one annoying friend who
one moment discovers parkour and the
next moment insists on doing it
everywhere including at the Six Flags
waterpark and then they slipped they hit
their head on a Ledge it was blood
everywhere
went to the ER got stitches you know
what that part of the story made me a
little bit more niche but I will say
that it is far less annoying to see a
cat doing the same thing
there is a plethora of random cat videos
all throughout the internet and I would
say that this one is about equal to the
other ones an entertainment value poor
course you have probably heard of Tarzan
that Disney guy that was raised by Apes
I think but I doubt you've heard of
Tarzan's long-lost cousin who is much
less talented at swinging through vines
beneath the canopy of presumably
judgmental trees because who wouldn't
judge this guy or in this case what
wouldn't judge him is it just me or does
his womb at the beginning just sound a
little bit similar to the crack kid from
vine vine the app swinging through vines
it works with those harmonies they could
totally start half a barbershop quartet
in the video the other people in the
background are just laughing like his
fall is actually kind of poetically
beautiful like one of those giant
blow-up dudes in front of car
dealerships Bethenny Frankel whoo
Bethenny Frankel who I did have to look
up on the internet was the host of a
daytime talk show reality TV show
personality has fans that are definitely
not teenagers etc recently posted a
photo on her Instagram account where she
is wearing her four-year-old daughter's
Hello Kitty pajamas there is a lot of
controversy surrounding this photo which
i think is ridiculous
some comments on the photo are saying
her daughter may grow up thinking that
they are competing and looks which I
don't think as much of a competition
because I'm sure her daughter wore that
outfit better other comments are saying
she's too skinny needs to eat a burger
and may even
holding her daughter to an unhealthy
weight standard which i think is an even
worse message to send
because mocking someone for being skinny
is just as bad as mocking someone for
being overweight we're all in this
together
she obviously posted a photo as a joke I
mean sometimes I go out to eat in a
full-on Superman costume and it's just
totally a joke because I don't even like
superheroes I mean at the end of the day
social media is for connecting with
others and having fun and I think we
should learn not to take celebrity
Instagram accounts as breaking news
because I'm sure you have a couple
photos on your Instagram that make you
go this week on YouTube island that
Tyler Oakley is black out of the blue
she's just for 1% black that is by a
tiny dot on his arm that is probably
from a temporary tattoo or a marker or
maybe even a real tattoo I don't know a
lot of these young male youtubers are
basically turning their arms into the
walking coloring books of children so I
got an honor of Tyler's tiny bit of
blackness I would share with you a few
other fun tattoo ideas that are just as
cool as a tiny black circle these are
primarily tattoo ideas for men however
if you're female and like to adapt them
to your style I can't control you do
whatever you want the outline of a
square on your lip it would be a great
pick-up line you could tell all the
ladies hey be there or be square you
could put in Times New Roman right here
property of Adam because it's an Adam's
apple you could also put the names of
each of these fingers like thumb pointer
this is really beneficial if you're a
first grade teacher or if you just stuck
with henna you could go really stupid
thank you for watching this tatted
episode of wanna come hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you didn't enjoy this
episode make sure to give it a thumbs up
and head on over to my channel
youtube.com slash Alexis she's all check
out my latest video where I did the
youtuber whispers challenge with Shawna
Malcolm and it got
Wyatt and also loud and also there were
trees involved be sure to check it out
and subscribe to my channel push in the
day if you could get any attached in the
world what would you get
