hey what's up you guys welcome back to
another episode of what the fuck news my
name is destory and I have obscenely
large nipples I'm just kidding or mi
you'll never know but this is what the
fuck news we talked about the weird ass
fucking news that you might've missed in
the last week as the first story I want
to talk about is the video that went
viral of Charlie Sheen going to Taco
Bell drunk as a motherfucker and talking
to random strangers named Jayden Jam
Charlotte nice to meet you sorry I'm so
fucking high you're cool man nice pretty
how are you you're hilarious
all right ma'am honestly this story is
probably the least exciting thing that
Charlie Sheen has ever done in his life
like that guy fucking snorts viagra for
breakfast not to mention who isn't drunk
at Taco Bell
it's fucking Taco Bell but I love Taco
Bell but you don't really loves Taco
Bell drunk people
so now just being drunk makes Taco Bell
taste like an Angels vagina
what is this godly boom but as much shit
as Charlie Sheen has gone through in the
news I feel like he was being me most
responsible in this story like he has a
driver that you can see in the video so
he wasn't drinking and driving he wasn't
being violent or unreasonable he's just
being a cool dude a cool dude that's
about to have diarrhea from that Taco
Bell in about five minutes but still
cool do it more what the fuck news a
couple was arrested after being caught
having sex on top of in Chipotle and
then continuing to have sex even after
the police arrived the 38 year old man
Michael son and his 27 year-old I'm
assuming girlfriend Nicole Grbac decided
that apparently the overpriced Mexican
food was not enough to satisfy them so
they took to the roof of the
establishment to put some extra beef in
her taco apparently be couple with doing
the mommy daddy dance near the front of
the building that's clearly visible to
anyone trying to enter the restaurant
soon after the cops were called and
arrived on the scene and tried to split
up the two but it did not go according
to plan all right what's going on oh my
god fuck okay YouTube put on some
clothes and stop what you're doing right
now oh yeah oh yeah almost done almost
done yes sir get out of the woman oh
yeah here we go
here I go yeah yeah God sir just stop
just stop it oh oh soon after the man
pace with the white hand of Saruman on
her back the police arrested the two but
were later released on an eighteen
hundred dollar bail it fit what the fuck
news the four finalists of the
Lay's do mean a flavor contest fucking
bugs which is a contest where you design
the next chip flavor for lay it took to
the streets of New York to see which of
their flavors would make it to get on
shelves everywhere in America on those
four finalists were cappuccino wasabi
ginger bacon mac and cheese and mango
salsa flavored chips you know you're in
America when you have cappuccino
flavored fucking chips where's the
childhood obesity flavored chips this is
why I'm looking forward to that's what
would really make this thing American
planes of course is the chip company
that makes chips that taste a little bit
better than air decided to take to the
internet for their next flavor of chips
as always the internet did not
disappoint with naming the most
ridiculous flavor some of which almost
made it into the final four including
disappointment the taste of what your
mother feels like when she looks at you
every day cat fur and aluminum foil mmm
poverty flavored chips you can taste the
bankruptcy butthole flavor my
ex-girlfriends vagina flavor with
pictures of sardines and then of course
my favorite do IDO flavor Blais because
some men just want to watch the world
burn in some actually relatable one of
the bug news a man accidentally burnt
down his entire house ever trying to
kill a spider with spray paint and a
lighter sadly I think I've done this at
least a hundred times so I know exactly
what he was trying to do like if there's
one thing that scares me above all
things in this world its spiders I can't
I can't handle it but apparently the
unnamed man from Seattle was so
hell-bent on killing the eight-legged
nightmare spawn of Satan that he didn't
notice the flames from his makeshift
blowtorch not only engulfed the spider
but his entire wall as well he got
knitting one sensible thing in this
whole predicament and called 911 then
showed up with a giant facepalm as his
house burned to ash it's barely going to
cost about sixty thousand dollars to
repair the damage of the fired into the
home and the guy probably just hates
spiders a lot more now and lastly in
some movie news the dawn of the Planet
of the Apes practically fornicated the
box office over the weekend running
against transformers for the age of
extinction in its opening weekend the
movie made a whopping 72 million dollars
and in attendance in its opening weekend
were actual real live chimpanzees
the two chips Vali and Sugriva went to
the movies with their human oppressors
and probably took notes from the movie
on how to take over the human race let's
hope not
nobody else tears the monkeys were
apparently very well behaved it even
paid for their own tickets and popcorn
upon entrance to the theatre and only
flung a minimal amount of shit at the
screen when they thought they saw their
cousin personally I really like the
movie even though I kind of felt like
the movie was just 2 and a half hours of
watching monkeys go like and then the
humans going like oh no monkeys and
we're just supposed to be like oh wow
this movie is so relatable Wow all
around though I really did like the
movie and there really hasn't been any
rumors whether a third movie is in the
works or not
but based on how well this movie did we
can only assume that there's going to be
another movie about gun-wielding monkeys
soon to happen anyways guys this has
been what the fuck news and my question
of the day for you players and pimps is
if you can make your own flavor of
potato chip what would it be and what
would it taste like leave those in the
comments down below all today stories as
always or in the description below as
well as all of my links also before you
guys go make sure to check out my newest
video on my channel where I talk about
my album that I'm actually making a jolt
or spicy so go and check that shit out
anyways guys I will see you next week
for another episode of what the fuck
news and Fairwinds
you
