hey you guys okay I'm gonna be honest
I'm heating okay
I'm hungry I'm sharpen you guys gave me
a game called poppets pizzeria which
means I'm gonna get hungry while playing
it I'm all those people if I see food I
go started well I guess that's everybody
but I'm different when I see cartoon
food I gave him I get even more starving
I know it doesn't make any sense because
crotchet food isn't real for some reason
cartoon food looks even better than
people food don't get me started on dog
food because dog who looks like a
scrumptious meal anyways it's about
videogames
not about my bread ones let's move on
with the game so today we're gonna be
playing pop is pizzeria I don't know
what the fuck that is but sounds
delicious
I don't know it looks like work I don't
like work I worked a lot of shitty jobs
but I would never work on food cuz never
want to eat it all but number two I'm
scared I'm scared I've so much arm here
I know this is all gonna get stuck in
the pizza and I know every customer is
gonna come back and be like I'm her my
pizza and I'm gonna be like oh I don't
know who's that it might be like look at
your arm
it matches I'm gonna oh my god mystery
solved and I'm gonna get fired
let's start the game oh I Drive in shit
typical day oh that's me one of the
eyebrows Roy blue I have scoliosis and
literally no waist
how do they know I'm thinking about a
chef this is literally my life it's a
suicide note oh nevermind that's the
kind of game I want to play oh my god
it's Cee Lo Green what does he want I'll
run oh girl I'm tired too when I see
female green take orders from here okay
hopping station okay baking station
cutting stitch boo girl hashtag it gets
better
can you imagine if kids cut themselves
with pizza rollers present taking too
far
wait what do i do take order 1/2 a pizza
that's not physically possible you idiot
what I'm gonna do with the other half
fuck you
hey cooking wait what I don't know what
I'm doing oh yeah okay now I get it
topics well if you didn't ask for
anything so I mean just whatever the
fuck I want I'll surprise them make
pizza oh wait is that for pepperonis I
know what to do you asshole I get it
dude it into the oven
I really have to wait
okay is it done yet it's good cool I
don't understand I don't know what this
means
you know is it done finish order now I
cut it okay
okay I'm here and there you go
motherfucker and get out
give me a yeah
two dollars I hope there's a lot of arm
here and there I hope you choke on our
gonna use this the whole game I just
literally the game is to go to work our
kids that bored with their lives that
they have to play a game that is to go
to work I don't want to help you
motherfucker CeeLo green you're gonna
order 25 pizzas and guess what I ain't
got time for that we ain't got time for
that alright what do you want eight
pizzas
hell no dawn goodbye
there guys go that was me play Papa's
pizzeria I'm sorry I know I should have
played it longer but what the fuck why
do you guys want me to play that you
want to watch me work it just watch me
going street corner that's more
interesting I get the same kinds of
people I get CeeLo green and he wants
eight of everything you don't say Annie
wants me to cut him out yeah I can't you
guys have to have fun with that I'll
leave in the comments let me know again
you want me to play next
also subscribe I make new videos every
single day so if you don't subscribe oh
oh I'll cut you up with beets cutter and
throwing in the oven you probably like
that you sick fuck I love you guys bye
so I officially got the slowest horse
her name is Tonto please fucking over it
it's not rocket auto don't give no fucks
right onto the mission
