guys oh my god we just did a podcast
with ah it was amazing how did you enjoy
it
I um really really enjoyed I really did
it was really unique we talked about sex
we talked about music we talked about
drama we talked about drew oh yeah let's
go check it out I'm glad they're gone
slashing birthday okay
we're by the fire the boys are here for
some reason Rylands holding a balloon or
something you want to light that on fire
is that dangerous is that going to kill
us
alright let's see what happens why not
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god was so scary wait now I want
to do more balloons I have this deflated
happy birthday balloon which is me just
gonna rise a little me in a crowd
okay so we are out by the fire and we
were talking about what we're gonna do
tonight I have no idea what we're doing
Garrett you said you have this plan I
know all about it I went in a Deep Web
today we're going to call the scariest
numbers that I could find in my three
hours of research no one no one picked
up we I'm sorry we're gonna be calling
these numbers with our phones and then
fucking demons are going to have our
numbers no because some of them are
actually really really really scary as
I'm like there's one number that there's
been reports of them calling back for
like eight months and like ruining
people's lives I'm so me when I get Jake
college number I have a plan we can go
to Target and get like a burner phone
like a temporary phone that's like a
thing you can go get like prepaid
minutes on the phone all right we're
gonna go to Target we're gonna get a
burner phone this all sounds very Shady
I don't know see you a target um
garrett loves going in the exit wait
what does that mean you're getting oh
why this boss baby have a bad heroin
that's literally what I'm going to look
like an important with the cookie and
everything me when I hate my job oh my
god that's me we should make these can
we go to Schmeer place you don't have
any cups and I want to break all oh
please I'll use this one I can assign
you guys cups for cuffs for four boys
please just read all the books tonight
oh my god by the game come forward a
little bit ah that almost looks real
doesn't it I'm gonna turn under way
commuting to you Princess Diana okay
oh that's accurate really they give a
little dance
once again Dave wait oh my god guys if
kids Bob under her kick off yeah Chris
yeah I had one through 20 mph a minute
literally go home boy whistle these are
all the phones there's different types
that's gonna be me what do you think
they're looking at I am monitoring drink
okay we got our phone also what my phone
in high school be on the phone like this
I know I was poor what is your first
like phone literally when I was 20 oh I
think we should get like matching like
phone shirts to make all our phone calls
oh sure yeah like a screen tease it's
like what's up guys or like text me
later but what has happened with phones
does it matter
you can be or I'll be spider-man what do
you want to be drew oh my god there's a
Harry Potter when I'm gonna lose my shit
what is that me so serious I cannot find
graphic tees when you see the onesies
we're not getting fuckin onesies we got
the fucking onesies listen I just want
to have a good time and if one piece is
what you want them that's what you're
going to get okay so where's the phone
oh there's no phone this is so fun
because like wait give me something cuz
you today exactly okay um it's my
business now right
let you take over a business fuck up and
give me my number shut the fuck up and
give you my number
I miss my business now it's my business
now I would have tried more of one of
these already gone it's my business now
Garrett's putting together the phone I
had an unzip I'm very hot the drew looks
so cute your brother Sheila uh yeah he
just changed oh okay the fallen we think
is working right yeah I'm freaking out
all right I'm excited where's the scary
numbers in my damn phone wait I feel
like we need to go to scarier part of
the house for this any part of your
home's your the toilet okay the
flashlight we're ready to do this okay
so by the way I just need to tell you a
little bit of the process pledget on the
internet for like a really long time
like there all sorts of different title
than just screenshot it differently all
numbers and comments of people finding
generally creepy numbers so the first
one says to go on a dark journey choose
your fate as all its it these were like
scary crimping like online things okay
this is 1-800 this branch yeah you move
all the way out there we assume your
Realtors yeah I better not be here all
freaked out beautiful scene creates you
this is boring I know out of them call a
fucking cult and okay alright okay
let me even it out so that one's really
fucking this one says do not call this
number I love it I don't even need to
read that wait they will be in touch
they will ruin your life oh no that is
the scariest one I've already said this
one times really scary people have had
these horror stories people's
girlfriends we've gotten calls from them
the next few days and granted a try to
green your life
we got this can't be real there were a
lot of stories when mama we organized
someone's girlfriend oh you have
beautiful and the strength you'll never
have them long and trace please welcome
the truth a thank you have a marvelous
day and what it said our members honey
mom trace and logged apparently like
that's how to start and then like it
starts from there and then people say
from there it like has taken down their
lives
wait one I'm scared I think what that
probably have a Saiga phone okay this
one is really insane this is a comment
kind of from a girl on reddit it said
please do not listen to what they have
to say please do not listen what they
have to say I tried to call this number
once and I feel like there are things
hidden within these words there's evil
disguised in then I called this number
and I face broken my kitchen basically
she called the number a vase or
something broke inside of her kitchen
and then she came back into her room and
then the phone was in her bathroom she
left it on her bed even though she's
super a because she felt like her room
where her house was possessed up and she
calls him a book grade let's get revenge
maybe it was a vase breaking service so
she thinks this is some witchcraft is I
don't know a eight five eight my idea of
a good time
after the knit they went straight home
we visited some model house that's what
this person thought is there what you
will kiss awareness work you refer to me
who this is weirding the place they're
not I try to answer like a middle-aged
couple that he done like telling us like
he'll experience the hogs were dead
chopped corn right cheese and age this
is slowly not pretty to a Food Network
show let's just break fucking find okay
killers in common this one says a phone
number that's called correctly will
transport you to a creepy land where
anything is possible if admitted creepy
land or fun land
I want to go to
Neal and I never told anyone thank you
for calling call fucking Harry Potter
where are you - magical place if
admitted you call that a lot I'm sorry
you know what never I used to get a lot
of rejection hotline was that what you
mean nobody ever got fun okay okay okay
oh yeah this is some really like deep
web stuff I don't know about this but
this is what it says okay I'm going to
speak fast to yourself stay with me this
is the phone numbers that is not what it
seems a coin deposit is what they say in
this phone call is an intricate series
of numbers which must be entered as soon
as the word coin deposit is spoken if
entered correctly a voice will pick up
and ask what you need done who people
think is like an assassin waiters coming
to it is this real because this little
dark web ship is very know this is real
don't we have a thick foam if I put in
there a number like a fucking Saran I
don't know about a serial killer
apparently it's a guy that picks up and
says like what do you need done my toe
in the detail if you put in the right
number then I guess it links to into
companies like okay I have the payment
in like what you need that if I want to
get the right numbers I don't think
that's how it works
if it's dark webs under criminal stuff
it's probably like 35 on me that's scary
that that's real I had to go deep to
find that one but this is real yeah well
let that was that I'm actually scared
what will the Identity Manager screams
this what we've gotten done I guess
salting World Peace I don't know guys oh
this one just anyway I don't know what
this one is it just had a clueless man
players's want them alive and honestly
the CTA announced protest
I don't know what I'm supposed to say
and really that concerned with it so
there's a six PA announcement test I
don't know what it's supposed to say no
it just realized what we can call like
everybody
school where he can fucking ruin
people's lives with itself or we could
try an ex-member Emily okay there's one
more scary number this one comes with
another little story I'm sorry but it
doesn't the tones you hear are being
played live in a medical facility where
the patients have to hear the sounds 24
hours a day they subjected themselves to
the study in 2014 and were made fully
aware of the risk and the study will end
in December 2015
all the patients have been declared in a
state of some sort of insanity due to
this tone so basically it's like horror
yes no no listening to it even five
times induces like a little bit of a
state of panic tear and let's do it are
you okay
is that spooky I don't know if that's
spooky
why don't we crank call Wendy's or
something done that party can we drag
our bees no I wanted to me I hate pranks
oh wait it's on Oh Denny what should we
send it in do the one with the lowest
stars yeah oh my god we should ask about
their Yelp reviews oh no that's me no
that's done what why should I do
hello no I can do my man boy ah my boy
picking me when I was 12 the word thank
college no preparation hi my name is
George I just was on the app Yelp and I
saw that you're Wendy's actually has a
two-star rating me and my friends were
thinking of coming down and we just
wanted to know if there was any other
sort of reason why that might have
happened mismatched order or something
and if you guys are all good to go
tonight because we wouldn't we don't
want to have to two out of five star
food so if you guys are doing better
we'll be on our way
I couldn't read you a few of them one of
them said that there was actually a
server who
who did a dirty look and wouldn't give
they asked for whipped cream on a
milkshake and I guess that didn't get
delivered I mean not that probably
better than that you're promising some
whipped creams I'm guessing yeah then I
gave you someone to sight - I am no
problem getting the whipped cream okay
thank you and I am an elite Yelper so
that will be crunching your numbers up
quite a bit so thanks so much problem
okay buh-bye
damn Wow should we ask them for their
number yeah I'm gonna loot Lee okay so
we wanted to call fans but then I
thought if I tweet the phone number then
people will be calling and we won't
actually be able to talk right now
so what if I go to my DMS and try to
find e well literally I opened my dam
then right away I see a phone number
this is so many system long okay wait
what fuck you
wait that was enough like it starts from
there and people thinking there it
likely taking down their life what wait
that's really scary
oh my god Italy's kids and the dams are
talking about this number they're all
saying don't call you're gonna die don't
call you don't even talk about this
today dude yellow and now that I'll help
you it's in our life I'm not a member
Oh ask a question on Twitter say like
who wants to call me right now yeah I
can't see when I go to jail okay I
couldn't find a number in the DMS ha ha
ha me when I'm like some pepper so you
know you're tweeting the phone number
yeah because you have this building in
Twitter followers and we missed your
billion party okay okay okay okay
this is freaking me lift your address
you guys how self-conscious like good
literally nobody hello battery so was it
okay hello hello
are they okay oh I think they just got
home correctly hello
Oh God nothing is the matter we're good
yeah I know I posted it who is this tell
those bitches - ah fucker I'm not mean
who is this Hannah yeah
that's a pretty name thanks me when I
compliment Hannah I want you to repeat
these words I want you to say can't
think of anything funky arrested so
Michael what's wrong and I like to be
carefree Hannah I want you to squeal
like a pig I didn't believe that Hannah
commit Hannah I don't believe you and I
want you to get on all fours and squeal
like a pig can we just speak to someone
like a normal person ah hello hello oh I
wasn't sure at first but what is this
goal what are you are you carrot walk no
listen I know Gareth law
all right we're popping new popcorn
you're going to get some butter to quick
do you like and what do you think you
should miss yeah what if I told you
right now I was standing over his body
well maybe now how much do you really
like it what we're about to find out I
will let him live but I will retweet you
I'm going to count with 500 million
dollars if you let me kill him oh that's
so sweet thank you
never mind I'm killing him that was fun
that was really sweet
yeah wasn't it this is a scary video
we're not doing a fan call video you get
one fan okay evening honey why are you
calling this number so late that you
even talk to these yourself oh sorry hi
how's it going Gail Oh - nice for Franco
oh I'm like I don't calling no nobody's
a concern they're like who is this all
right let's go burn this phone okay this
is kind of magical yeah she's kind of oh
right on right on the log what did you
just heard hello you it's still ringing
but like a deeper ring someone wants to
get to it what if it's that number
matter what they'll find them
lerigot that was us calling scary phone
numbers I had a lot of fun listen I know
I got a little scary and crazy at the
end but like that's just me oh that's
just you and me and I the only ones
still in a Wednesday know I don't want
to talk too good we're going to take off
these onesies hopefully you guys enjoy
this creepy video make sure to give this
video a thumbs up if you like to end
subscribe
make sure he's a notification they'll
never miss anything
also make sure to go over to Garrett
Andrews channel because they both have
brand new videos up right now and
they're scary in a way I'm getting a
mouse with drew we're gonna go buy it
together if you wanna come watch it come
to my channel catch you guys we'll see
you in Hell oh no it's not scary I like
it okay we're on our way home to call
some scary numbers the first Kidz Bop
getting deal when you're crossing the
street y'all this class man
yeah what else do they got yeah look
except this is an 8 year old this is
what you came for some better pussy oh
now girl
