hey what's up you guys I am so excited
right now because I'm gonna do something
I have never done in my whole life
shower and then after that I am going to
ride a horse like a real horse like a
big horse like a huge horse with fake
hair that smells like animal and our
name is Lisa can't wait
kidding it's a real horse and I'm so
excited and I've been wanting to ride a
horse my whole entire life it's finally
happening how are you feeling about this
what if you have the wicker chair
experience okay let's not bring up the
wicker chair experience long story short
you guys don't know this in terrified of
wicker chairs there's four right there
I'm starting to shut down what your
chairs hate me and every time I send
them they break so what you're saying
the horse might break
now what if I get my scoliosis what if
has to wear a little back brace cuz of
me what if the rest of his little horse
life people are gonna be putting magnets
on his back where's oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god they're like big
puppies hello big puppies he shit like
people they literally shit like people
look at that shit now looks like my
shake hey guys I'm gonna give you you
scoliosis sorry
he has my hair color that's my hair if I
forego ball they'll just come back and
get it for you this one's twerking oh
you missed it I swear to god it was
twerking before I move the camera twerk
twerk twerk like that so simple I'm here
something felt like broker entire body
that's gonna happen to me except I have
a lot of bodies so I don't think I'll
break the whole thing I'll pry just
break like half of it so I officially
got the slowest horse
her name is Tonto she's fucking over it
this is not cool I can't talk I don't
give no fucks rights into your machine
look at it they're like way the fuck up
there
bitch way way back in there we wait back
back you know just look at the view you
know
oh it's a boy oh no oh he's sexually
confused come on come on man his
motherfucking sunlight come on
look at all the cows I'm hungry that's
so sad in the arms of an angel and we
survived how do you feel about that
experience I feel like I'm waterway yeah
nobody's gonna know you two rode the
horse they're gonna be like Sam what'd
he do to all and then you're gonna be
like it was the horse it was like yeah
and I'm walking like just - but it's cuz
of the beans oh my god and the chocolate
oh my god in the fudge oh my god I've
eaten so much like he literally has been
fighting all day long romantic getaway
in the air oh I just pooped I just fit
hey we're so limber from riding a horse
we're so athletic writing we'll horse
got my bowels moving got everything
moving feel like I'm gonna explode I
can't wait thank you thump Oh question
of the day um if you had a horse what
would you name it I like Tonto I also
like motherfucker I also like cow I
named my horse cow that's just funny is
it really yeah is it really yeah I
didn't even crack a smile I named it
chicken
I think that's funnier leave your
comments down there friends you guys
will be offending it as we have been
with you and I'll see you tomorrow and
Tonto probably gonna die god that's
fucking morbid I mean not tomorrow but
at some point he's an animal
yeah but not as soon as Tonto Tonto is
gonna die in like five because it's
Tonto that's his name his name is Tonto
don't give no fucks don't oh it's the
best
Tonto is - II don't oh um one time I had
a horse named Tonto and I named my
chicken and I one time I had a pig named
Tonto
and I named a cow I had a lot of
problems
all right you guys say later bye oh my
god when I bit into it it screamed okay
just do it really quick
oh it's so salty oh my god don't spit it
out don't be stir out oh oh the salad
the salikus Alan oh my god
