yeah
hashtag train hey guys the train is back
the train has arrived the train just hit
like eight people and kill them hard so
hot I love when body parts go flat me so
I get shirts on by dead people I feel
like we're being serious hey guys yes we
are back and today we're going to be
doing the most disgusting challenge that
we could think of which is probably
normal to most people so we both have a
food phobia like one because we love
everything else oh yeah
like major food phobia when Shane orders
this one I'm like I wanna puke like I
wanna puke I smell it I wanna puke well
first of all there's no scent okay I
smell this effect you want to puke on
and I like mmm ooh her phobia is lettuce
oh you don't let me see there you go
where do you even buy do they sell it at
the grocery store because like why would
you just buy it cuz it's food come I
want to eat the water like a bunny I
don't understand why like what's wrong
with lettuce it's nutritious actually no
no no it's delicious
well no not really ranch oh man so gross
I just think it's so gross because
you're trying to get me to eat a salad
one time and I literally gag smell was
that salad it was for something no no
it's like I remember tasting it one time
and just thinking it tasted like
cardboard and just the look of it it
looks like snot it's like hard and
crispy like fucking gross like I would
rather sip your blood like I'd rather
not you yet and my big food phobia oh
god I don't even touch it
it actually smells bad because some cat
is sitting out for like five hours I
actually don't know if you're so sleep
fast whatever live letter video like
throw up everything mmm yeah and better
for like calories don't
lamp oh god it's dripping oh god it
looks like little curled-up baby penises
it smells really bad I ate that for
dinner like we got this from takeout at
our restaurant and it actually smells
bad and i love that stuff Oh honestly
guys I know this sounds stupid because
shrimp is like saying people eat but
honestly shrimp is the grossest thing in
the world it literally the texture I've
never tried it but to me the texture is
like I I look like flesh this is people
this is what people things like this is
people and this is their boob yeah if it
is worse for sure I would write that
this is what this has veins and I'd
rather eat that up your dirty poopy
asshole that eat this any day that's a
good challenge you go first
whoa wait what is the challenge eating
it is in the club don't we have isn't it
a punishment are we eating it ready oh I
like it oh my god that actually smells
so bad we weren't using it oh good good
Austen shit look at this big old piece
look it looks like foot skin Oh like
look oh my footsies shedding oh my god I
don't want to eat it oh my god usually
it doesn't have a test taste but this
one does it smells so bad
think illegal piece it smells so bad oh
my gosh weird yeah a little one this is
a big moment
when's the last time you had lettuce
like literally five years ago my sister
try might need a salad and anyone who's
like me got like constantly salad I was
like who the fuck do you think I am I
never in sat in my life it's like the
best part is you picked literally the
grossest piece you pick like the brown
white like crow well I thought the white
was better like a chicken I like the
white and dark meat whatever is because
chicken is what is the sick thing it's
so gross okay why you just eat it you
have to actually put the whole thing in
your mouth and chew it swallow it
Oh nope nope tell me really should
really try to swallow it
oh you make it sound so gross it sounds
like you're chewing buddy
oh are you throwing up um yeah oh my god
I can't
that's so fucking gross oh my god
oh my god what planet are you on this is
it's literally tail oh my god I actually
went drop it makes me nauseous think he
did this just to make me lose weight
like bitching you throw up so I'm not me
eat the salad this'll be a fun challenge
don't you throw up so you're skinny this
is called the bulimia challenge we're
gonna pitch and then throw it question
of the day oh my god this actually Oh oh
my god this is really intense so baby
hey that's mom oh oh god oh oh my god
it's so veiny I know I know guys you
guys are thinking I'm stupid this is so
fucking gross to me I can't I can't
oh my god they've been saying off like
five hours I just put my finger in it
yeah oh they have tails huh I looked at
me and looked at me they have faith bad
faces their faces you know there's
little poop in shrimp - what the little
black string is poop my sister tell me
before oh yeah they have a poop snare
and that is not a lie that is true shirt
cocktails always have my number youth
boot part everything guys just show me
classy never ate the poop come on you
big talker about salad yeah that's me
yeah it smells so bad as fuck me it oh
my god like I love shrimp and that's
also how do I eat it'll take all day
nothing your mouth the back of it has oh
yes it's balls ship isn't how balls are
in your knees eat it
the whole thing just put the whole thing
in no well oh my god when I bit into it
it screamed okay just
do it really quick oh it's so salty oh
my god don't spit it out
don't be stir oh oh oh the salad - salad
salad oh my god
it's much better in your mouth actually
I've heard that before how is it is this
a different kind of work guys oh my god
are you really
hurry it up oh this is a bulimia fetish
oh you really can't finish it this is a
good challenge what are the veins
popular my mouth and blood went
everywhere like I need a hug I need a
towel I need I mean I needed my mom I
need something I need Jesus okay honey I
need lettuce oh my god I actually want
to die oh my god
so gross you look like a cannibal right
now I love oh my god that's a challenge
such a good idea we had oh my god that
was called the eating normal food
challenge eating something was head
candy question of the day what food is
disgusting to you let us know down in
the comments although go over to her
channel and check out what are we doing
the goal of making a challenge the
gold-digger challenge where we looked at
a bunch of pictures of guys and decided
whether or not she fucked them I'll give
you a hint she did so go over there
subscribe check it out and I'm gonna go
throw up again that was actually girls
like you this is honestly the grossest
thing I know I've got a lot of weird
gross shit that I threw out I'm knowing
that was the grossest thing I think I'd
rather the whole cup of lettuce and
watch you throw up again the spit and
the saliva coming out of your mouth
which is why I don't like guys emails
like your fuck I think you guys have you
funny cuz we're funny with you and we
will see you
I'll get it right see you guys later bye
corny you say hi
come on hey come on yeah hide everybody
hey guys you really don't care do like I
know you don't care but you like really
don't care like out of all the folks
that could be given you give negative
Fox like negative 5,000 bucks over it
don't
