well hello there no check of a yarn you
know one I'm Chu what else is Joey say
sure that's all I got
every time I do one of these following
me around type vlogs I feel like I am
Joey I feel like he has completely taken
to follow me around vlog to the next
level he takes you guys everywhere
whereas I literally just take you in my
house cuz I don't leave it kangaroo
costume don't know why that's there
anyways um today I am gonna be filming
some videos with some fun people
we got a Chris Thompson coming over we
got this new youtuber I found her name
is Jessica she's really funny she's
gonna be coming over and um and yeah I'm
ready I'm ready to do this it is kind of
sad though because corny is not here we
sent her to doggy daycare cuz everytime
I make videos with a lot of people corny
gets excited overly excited to the point
where she you know pees on them poops on
them bites herself and then rubs her
blood on them she's really intense she's
basically like Emma Roberts an American
Horror Story except less of a bitch Oh
everything and we were filming some
videos obviously at the lights we got
the camera we got the action I don't
know when this vlog is gonna go up so
you might have already seen what we did
but I'm just gonna give you a little
hint it involves a bag of dicks and also
a cup of sperm and like whatever happens
happens right like when you do a video
with me like what's going through your
head on the drive over
I wonder what actually is gonna happen
than what we planned are you like big
nervous excited is it like similar to
like if you were going to the doctor for
like an anal exam yeah and you get an
erection it's like half excitement half
nervousness it's like a nervous boner
but it's like still good it's still
sexual but not I get nervous boners all
the time yeah and people think like oh
he's turned on that's gross and I'm like
no I I just like when I get nervous or a
wind comes anything to give me more and
I get food erections - oh I get food
orgasms Oh food gasps anytime somebody
brings up like nachos baby you know you
know me too well
so we're finished recording and then
after that we're gonna get nachos and
have some orgasms boom boom right bound
boom okay so we just did some videos
with Chris and then he went into the
bathroom and turn into a woman oh my god
he's so beautiful that still has the
voice of a man does he have the moves
does she have the moves of the man said
moves he grabbed your boobs no moves
maybe I have moves on the brain anyway
so I'm here with one of my new favorite
youtubers Jessica or on YouTube your
name is
oh no it's Jessica like what what made
you like say oh no is that how your
audience feels like every time they
watch a video and you pop up in their
subscription boxes I'm like oh no it's
Jessica he's happy we're gonna feel when
they see you in my channel in a bag okay
but then we could start a channel called
oh no it's Shane and Jessica
yikes perfect
yes we're about to do some videos some
fun collab collaborations and then we're
going to talk about all these pins on
her jacket and all her rips and tears is
that how you got here did you fall off
the freeway oh that's good did you buy a
like this or did you do this did you
really make it yes that's July you made
the whole thing yeah you got the jacket
and then you
yeah like why oh no it's Oh No Oh what's
your parents think about you being here
in my apartment they know how well that
was no no hey mom and dad oh no it's
your new son-in-law okay wait hold are
you Ken oh I don't believe that I know
we're gonna finish some videos and then
after that I am going to take off my
clothes and take a shower because I have
a lot of weird shit on me because that's
what happens when you collab with a lot
of people know what I'm saying oh no
boom corny you say hi come on hey come
on
yeah hi everybody you know you really
don't care do like I know you don't care
but you like really don't care like out
of all the fucks that could be given you
give negative fucks like negative 5,000
bucks over it John
I'll take you inside I'll feed you and
then maybe you'll give a fuck but
probably not hi my neighbors there's
been a long day
shot some fun collab videos also worked
on my movie doing some finishing well
not finishing I missed in the middle of
it but you know editing and doing music
and sound and all that stuff so yeah
hashtag awesome movie September make
sure this is sign up for the email list
if you haven't already I don't know I'm
singing go to Shane movie calm I've been
sending out a lot of emails lately with
all sneak peeks of the movie so if you
go and sign up you'll get the sneak
peeks that's about it I'm gonna go to
sleep I love you guys so much I think I
did a question of the day if I didn't
then question of the day on a scale of
one to ten how excited are you about how
so you know there Billy I'm at 28 that
was specific anyways I love you guys
I'll be offending with me if any of you
and you have anything my teeth yep oh my
god what is that if I have that my teeth
the whole time I was filming videos
today oh my god how embarrassing
yikes alright I want it to be like a
fifth-grade teacher because that's when
the kids are like about to go into
middle school and they're about to
experience all these crazy new things
and I'm like the last thing they see
before they venture off into the forest
it's not getting any less creepy
