welcome to bomb.com where we talk about
everything that's blowing up on the
Internet Oh a new popular app apparently
inspired by Kim Kardashian has been
sweeping the nation and teenagers
wallets clean I know absolutely nothing
about this app other than I guess it's
super addictive so I thought it would be
fun if we gave it a try together yeah
Lexus game show where Alexis plays games
Kim Kardashian Hollywood it's loading
mm-hmm just like those shirts that say
fart Loudoun except it's a game or I'm a
randomized oh not her nope nope nope
nope all right I got money I click two
buttons and I got money this is great oh
man I wish life were like this not your
slave Kim Kardashian doesn't even give
you choices I have to want to be into
fashion well one of my character doesn't
want to be famous where she wants to be
scientists I don't like this game
there's no choices I guess it is like
real life it's like I guess you get
famous in the game but does it actually
help you get more Twitter followers
Justin Bieber is on a two-year probation
for egging his neighbor's house I really
don't have anything else to say about
that other than
he deserve it this week on YouTube I've
learned that quiz master Connor Franta
had left collab channel our second life
by the title of this video and just
everything I'm talking about you guys
can probably already assume this is the
last video I will be making on this
channel I don't know how big of a shock
this is to any of you I don't know how
you're feeling right now but just please
hear me out and please listen to the
words that yes if you listen closely you
can hear the sobs of 2.2 million teen
girls honestly good for you Connor for
making such a big brave life decision I
wish you all the best and quick game is
very strong thank you for watching this
famous episode of bomb.com hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this episode
make sure to give it a thumbs up and
head on over to youtube.com slash Alexis
G's all check out my latest video here's
a tiny tiny preview do you know what lol
means I know it the mania life means
it's over with
make sure to click the link below to
check it out and some screaming question
of the day what are your thoughts on
this whole nash grier controversy I'm
also just curious if he actually does
mean his apology because if he does good
for him and if he doesn't bad for him
make sure to leave your opinion in the
comments below
