hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to another episode of what the fuck you
my name is Destry and i have an erection
I'm just kidding
that's probably the weirdest way I could
have started this video but this is what
the fuck it is we talked about the weird
ass news that you might have missed in
the last week and the first story I want
to talk about is a prime example of why
not to do drugs and it is a story of the
video that went viral of a lady making
absolutely no sense while under the
influence of crack always for missiles
and national security of the United
States and blowing the cover of ketchup
mustard somebody a black soup went to
your apartment CIA hmm nothing a lot
guys it's not my proudest builder I
don't know why she's turning me on but
it is happened not the easiest video too
fast you either just saying and why does
she keep saying ketchup mustard ketchup
mustard also I really love when videos
are completely vertical and not
horizontal make me want to kill myself
every time I see a video like that so
thank you but this video is pretty much
the best way to tell kids to stay off
drugs just quote something from this
video freeze frame it and put some sad
piano on it and there you go there's
your anti-drug commercial right there
can't you
but I mean she goes from talking about
court-martialing someone to apparently
cussing out a bug she might have seen on
the wall whoa look the guy's filming
even goes on to say are you talking to
but the real question is where is she
finding time to bother neighbors and by
half shirts when she owns Facebook and
all the satellites I'm like I don't
think that's amazing
in YouTube news vine and YouTube star
Nash Grier was in the spotlight
uploading a video a couple years ago
saying a hateful and homophobic comment
testing for HIV it's not a case
yesterday but the video was deleted from
his original count but was uploaded
somewhere else on the internet because
the Internet is the Internet it's pretty
much like an STD you're not going to get
rid of it and it's just going to keep
spreading the video was put in the
public spotlight after fellow youtuber
Tyler Oakley found it and called it into
question saying promoting a false
stereotype that HIV only affects gays to
his millions of teen fans is extremely
dangerous
since Greer has apologized via Twitter
saying I apologize for anything negative
I said towards gays and for that matter
anyone I was young ignorant stupid and
in a bad place and I've moved on and
learned from my mistakes and honestly
I'm really on the fence with this stuff
because I mean I was dumb as fuck when I
was young like I said I used to just
steal everything off this laptop yeah
this is mine and I can honestly say I
learned from my mistakes 100% but it
took me getting caught before I actually
did so that being said I do think it's
entirely possible that he was being
completely sincere with this apology but
then it gave me young and dumb comment
really only works if you're like
significantly older than you were with
the whole thing to play not like one or
two years I was young and dumb but here
ago so I totally understand you know
both sides of this debacle
debacle is such a good word chip backer
it honestly sounds like a curse that you
put on someone's back jebecca
I'm sorry I'm sorry anymore what the
fuck news a drunk woman from Alabama
decided to steal a horse and then use it
to go rob a store what the fuck bitch
this isn't the mid-1800s what do you do
with anyways a 45 year old Christine
Saunders stole the horse outside of
property in DeKalb County Alabama
and it wrote it up to a store stole some
goods and then just left off the horse I
swear this is like hillbilly Grand Theft
Auto she was then arrested later that
day when a police report was filed about
the thieving woman from the store where
they didn't track the woman down but
personally I think she might actually
have something going on because if I was
working at a store and some lady walked
in on foot and planned to rob I'd be
like yeah okay bitch but as soon as she
storms in on a fucking horse demanding I
give her my Pringles and bugles yeah you
goddamn right I'd give it to her fucking
scary not to mention her face is what
nightmares are made of well put a hat on
her and she's fucking Freddy Krueger she
literally looks like an alien four men
in black my boner just went down that's
upsetting her faces but in some exciting
news JK Rowling the author of the
legendary Harry Potter books has just
released another Harry Potter story
the British writer published the 1500
word story as a snarky gossip column
from Rita Skeeter one of the characters
from Harry Potter the story pretty much
has filled in some details about Harry's
life after Hogwarts along with some
minor details about Ron and Hermione and
then getting it on and fucking making
the magical babies but also left room to
expand on the story hopefully adding
another book about Harry's life or maybe
even a son oh so this is why I have a
boner
Harry Potter is coming back and someone
clearly cast Wingardium Leviosa my dick
it's heavy I saw not let ear saw and
finally it's a very exciting movie news
the awesome awesome ashamed Dawson has
just posted his movie trailer to his
movie not cool which is just ironically
really really fucking cool one subway
dance
you feel something like a connection
better late than never idea you have a
nice day man honestly though I'm just
really proud of this whole thing this is
just one of those things that shows that
your dreams can manifest from just a
hobby like changes started making silly
videos with his friends in high school
looking like a fat lesbian woman and now
he's making a movie if that isn't a
success story I don't want to know what
is but it just looks raunchy and fun and
all-around it's really awesome and I
could not be more proud to be part of
something that's such a talented
individual made like what the fuck news
my boner is outrageous right now blaming
you Shane I don't want another
restraining order so I'll stop anyways
this has been what the fuck new
evolution of the day for you guys is if
Harry Potter comes back what would you
want to see come back with do you want
there to be another book about Harry or
maybe you suck or maybe not at all if
you just want Harry Potter to go fucking
die wow that escalated quickly leave
those in the comments down below all of
these stories as always are in the
description as well as all of my links
if you like inappropriate boners make
sure to check out my channel at
youtube.com slash captain justice for
more of me and stuff anyways I will see
you next week for another what the fuck
use and fair wins
you
