hey guys it is Friday I know where that
came from
anyways it is Friday and we are gonna
play a game ah best part of my week
online this is the worst part of my week
and I have a lot of shitty things having
a computer in the week mostly including
my bowel movements playing games for you
guys is miserable because I don't
understand them I don't know what I'm
playing you guys always send me games
that aren't really games just to confuse
me because you like to see me pissed off
all the once in a while you guys are
setting a fun game but I mean where in
the comments is like the icarly game or
that That's So Raven game like why don't
you give me fun games that was a fart I
know didn't sound like it but it was
trust me I can smell it alright here we
go
today we're going to be playing Alice
bought I can kind of guess what this is
going to be and I'm gonna say
entertaining here we go
Alice artificial intelligent foundation
that's not what Alice stands for because
that doesn't make sense right probably a
lame-o can't even think of what I stands
for obviously I'm not intelligence
hey what okay Alice and judge you said
Alice you say what I don't know if this
means I don't know what I say hello
judge hi there oh I'm the judge okay
what's your name my name is Alice oh so
this is just like cleverbot and just
like simsimi and just like all those
other games that I end up spending hours
on perfect so Alice what you doing girl
that's me I think about computer
programming hot down tubes too boring
how can I help you well she cut that
combo up real quick just hang in want to
go see a movie
you can kiss me during the previews what
don't judge me
you may be wondering if this is a person
or a computer responding my eye isn't
turned on right now
no I don't think I can do
what do you hate me why would I hate you
I don't hate you judge don't ever say
things like that okay okay I'm sorry
what if we were stranded on an island
and you could only pick one thing to
call your lover me for our coconut
what would you try it and see are you
talking about an animal vegetable or
mineral it's not profitable to speak in
hypothetical germs that was a way out
and obviously you would have been bitch
fuck you can't you be more polite no
humans are so rude sometimes
hi what do you want to talk about pardon
me let's talk about your favorite color
okay
blood is it okay to use AM radio
afternoon
let me show that's not funny it seemed
funny to me girl I know what funny is
and that was not it that was as funny as
a Tyler Perry movie in 3d all the
lessons kind of Larry as Sam MIDI in 3d
that's the what for me I'm bored with
this person is there somebody else I can
talk to you oh my god there's so many
others there's Dave there's mom Captain
Kirk
there's this bald dude creepy glasses
Santa oh my god Sam hey Santa let's get
back to the wish list I have to get this
list finalized so you have a chance of
getting everything you wished for that's
good shit I want vagina let's just be
honest okay let's add that to your
Christmas list
okay I also want some boobies I'm
writing that down on your list you like
boobies I like when drew oh that means
Santa bud shit tummy ha you like penis I
like bringing toys to kids for Christmas
yeah wouldn't respond with that when I
asked you like penis it's a weird comma
lot of thought I'm just going to whine
Santa doesn't like to hear that guy love
language fuck you Santa
C Mon don t be a Scrooge let's try this
again any ideas for your wish list about
99%
he just said semen I like that I like
when you talk dirty
good preference I like right here like
reindeer now we talk mmm
is your favorite reindeer let's get back
to the wish list I have to get this list
finalized so you have a chance of
getting it why even keep avoiding the
important question Santa you are not
real
don't you believe in Santa Claus hell no
sorry I didn't understand better I
believe in Santa Claus the movie movie
was so good with Tim Allen oh my god and
then that little elephant was like once
a hot chocolate penalty was the shit
you'll make me think of my own childhood
days I mean Santa reminiscing this is
nice you want to smoke some weed I want
you to tell me what you want for
christmas nothing maybe you will think
of something later yeah probably not
saying I'm dumb okay he's gone
thank God I staring what is this this is
not where I was there's how to create
your own chat robot with a IML the
artificial intelligence markup language
no no I do not want to create my own
chat robot oh okay any get out here let
your guys go
that shit was too scary for me I don't
even I don't I don't even know what to
say guys you can create a robot where in
the future you know I think it's not
good well anyways leave me some comments
let me know what games you want me to
play next can I not play with robots
anymore they scare the shit out of me
especially Santa robots alright she kind
of Sophia but I regret butting with you
Richard subscribe and making videos
every single I'll see you fuckers
tomorrow see you tomorrow good bye that
was a shame Bach don't come anywhere
near meshing but he likes to spark I
don't know what that means but pagan
wants to know propose ok I propose that
we make videos together forever and
never really committed the relationship
