one subway dance hashtag team yes
hey guys yes we are gonna do some ask
she say that'll be fun if maybe like
once a week or once a month or however
long it takes before we get tired of
each other we do some videos where we
answer you guys this question about us
cuz you guys are always asking questions
Matis so we might as well give you fake
answer so he's no mama you vomited
earlier today oh that's right don't
actually just hashtag it as cheap it yes
I threw up her I ate too many chips
let's move on alright I went on Twitter
and I'm going to read some of your
guys's questions India wants to know the
entire India wants to know how was it
working with each other on the movie set
are we getting this for real yeah it was
awesome you're an awesome director
Thanks
wheeze like met each other working so I
feel like we actually work better
together than movie
okay so true I'm better working with you
than at loving you that is so true
Paden wants to know propose okay I
propose that we make videos together
forever and never really committed the
relationship but as far as YouTube is
concerned we always commit uh kind of
thing on it amazing also that's not much
alina wants to know what is the last
movie you guys saw in theaters together
we never go to the movies cuz i sleep
through it makes me hey like we actually
like getting legit fights I'm going to
see World War Z and she fell asleep
before like Brett didn't even opened his
mouth which is the part it's usually I
go in ago and I
really sit relax you been by going you
go your time on your battles I wish
maybe Alissa wants to know do you hate
any youtubers biani
it's honest oh no we're not haters were
lovers
hashtag easy it's so many people
youtubers are assholes for the most part
the ones I associate with and like all
the ones I collab with and all the ones
I know are like really super cool
tonight I've met some fucking it
assholes that's true I've also asked a
few people to clap and they just never
wrote in fact the thing about youtubers
is they think they got popular just
because of them so they think they're
the shit so they get big heads but in
reality and they got popular because of
you guys may forget that that's true how
about you guys in cosplay have any
youtube group in assholes w cuz it's
true a shirt good questions I got VidCon
his dad ooh
VidCon that's where the truth comes out
for one girl Morgan wants to know what's
the scariest thing that's ever happened
you guys while living together
you brought a marriage one time there
was an earthquake now I sleep in full
clothes
here ever hey can take a sip cute the
other day he said didn't you hear
there's no need earthquake tomorrow
where I don't know where you got that
source from TMZ or something and so you
usually sleeps in like pajamas or boxers
and he slept in like fuck I am a shoes
on I'm a sketch of shape up and he was
still like so straight honest about it
was really cute I am pretty cute always
been always inna wash know if you would
have a threesome with Joey how would it
work always thought about this a lot I
thought about this I fled it would be an
Eiffel Tower situation so I think Joey
would be in the middle right for sure
no no Joey would be here because I mean
you good the whole do I did I do
you're just down there I just like this
baby oh oh no then we got to put our
penises inside of you've never mind I
think how would work is me and Joey
would 88 it's like 60 up over and then
you would be on the sidelines it's just
like being a one cool that's not
I imagine it but with her so there you
guys go those are other questions for
today if you want more questions go over
at Lisa channel where they're going to
get even more inappropriate and even
more Oh how's my personal sign language
this is a joke second which re you know
I don't what is this sign language for I
know what this magic yeah do you what
this means no this means dickhead
really oh my god you guys are all love
yet meaning love it hey alright wait
what is vagina all the deaf kids out
there like good job of this are you guys
happy up on things ugly my name with you
and make sure to subscribe I make new
videos every single day staccato Lisa
and I love you guys that's it vagina
faces and you're not an asshole stalking
them fight I feel like shit the opposite
of food boo that's deep I hate it when
there's no food or when I can't shit and
literally think all these arguing about
food and warships
