better late than never I guess you have
a nice day man hey have you guys yeah
I'm laying on my bed again every time I
lay on my bed and turn on my camera I
know it's when I'm gonna be talking to
you guys that's weird all right so today
we're going to be doing another ask
Shane this time I want you something a
little bit different I found this survey
called
the finish this survey so basically it
is a bunch of statements with dots and I
have to finish it so right now like the
first one is I love dot dot dot so then
I would say my answer food and so forth
and so on you get the book okay let's do
this right now
I want food am I gonna say food for all
of these cuz I think I am I feel like
shit the opposite of food food that's
deep I hate it when there's no food or
when I can't shit I literally think all
of these are going about food and or
shit
I fear the smell of my own shit also
having no food I'm lonely without food I
mean these are just too easy today I
okay what I do today today I want to
target oh speaking shit I mean the whole
place smelled and not just like shit but
like everybody shit you know I mean like
everybody's Bo everybody's kids I can't
stand kids
everybody's like fuckin wiping their
noses and putting it on everything and
nothing that smells but I'm saying it's
gross everybody's like huddling around
the candy I have a huddling around the
one spot if you don't know what the one
spot is stay away I don't know I love
Target I wanna meet an alien I'd be so
cool oh I love aliens so much anything
that could like leave the planet I'm
jealous of I'm craving is it gay that
the first thing I thought was hotdog
yeah I think it just I'm listening to
sound of my own voice I wish it would
stop I'm happy when I'm happy when I'm
creating something I'm happy when I'm
either making a video or making a movie
or even just you know like creating a
thumbnail or I don't know I like doing
stuff I don't like just sitting around
and not doing
I also love to lie because that last
statement was a total fucking lie
I love sitting around not doing anything
and just eating my mom thinks I'm a
happy mistake my dad thinks I'm a
mistake I love watching documentaries I
love documentaries i watch documentaries
almost every single night when I'm
trying to go to sleep one of my favorite
ones is about brownies which are guys
who love pony I feel like I've talked
about this before I probably have my
other favorite documentary is about
people who are obsessed with licking
things not kidding I wish I looked like
anybody else I mean uh I don't know
anybody except for I don't know actually
you know what maybe I'm okay with myself
I think I'm happy with myself that's too
far I'm not happy I think I'm fine with
myself just like a dinner at Denny's I'm
fine
or just like any movie with Jennifer
Love Hewitt in it I'm fine
or just like Lindsay Lohan constantly
telling her sobriety coach I'm fine and
last but not least I haven't like I
haven't done anything this year that I
didn't love that's a lie I did a lot of
things this year I did not love most of
which involved challenges or involved me
you know drinking hot sauce or putting
marshmallows in my mouth and choking on
them or sitting with another youtuber
and and doing something dangerous and
then throwing up afterwards so many
challenges so little time I can't wait
for like the Taco Bell challenge or like
me and another youtuber sit at Taco Bell
and eat that sounds great all right you
guys that was it
I hope you enjoyed that weird little
list of whatever these were questions
and not really I don't really know so a
question of the day I'm gonna give you
one you have to answer it I wish I was
in blank do you wish you were in space
do you wish you were in a movie do you
really wish you were in the ground
are you really depressed that it got
real dark okay let's turn that around do
you wish you were in my bed with me
right now let me know down the comments
also make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe I make me just
every single day so you should subscribe
okay cool great I am NOT gonna go to the
gym even though I'm wearing gym clothes
see you guys later bye love you ah yes
bud
it's oh my god and valerian so I mean
you look good a better disease no this
venereal Oh Deborah Larry hey guys I
look like a popular youtuber from like
