beautiful yes where I am different oh my
god
wait what I'm so you guys can see this
but two minutes ago if her hair was
completely different and now you got
that beyond thing wait now question
about here it's not overweight do you
have like okay I can't shake my head too
much or else it will fall off
no that's why I got teeth in them okay
y'all I mean new your wig education yeah
you got a hold up okay yeah here we go
the transformation hashtag the
transformation although you can see the
silhouette oh this is this is amazing oh
my god you're like a magician
you're like David Blaine oh that's a
dude that's different you're a different
person
no okay I just recently discovered lace
front wigs okay so the part for this the
lace front right Oh uh-huh
I'm the teeth that hook into your own
hair whip it is it bad to have this
because then it looks like you have
pantyhose I know right you pose a trim
it down because I'm wait so you just
have like this lacy thing in the front
of your head yeah cuz I give zero
well this is my first time trying wigs I
stopped shaking it like that this
belonged to her actually that's the
scariest thing I've ever seen in my god
what did you just put it on Time Machine
turn my way what's the worst week you
have can't be oh you're welcome
oh girl don't don't audit me how old is
you 42 yes you look like that's a very
Mexican boy haircut yeah like I've seen
him selling chicharones on the street
corner she's ever on that mm-hmm come on
get the devil on that just I don't know
if I can say that traces cuz you're
black and yeah we people of color so we
don't we can't y'all can't holding
it don't matter oh yeah this is my
ugliest we got by this whenever I wanna
I bought this for if you've got you guys
watch me you know I do this like for
Porter yeah and she's supposed to be
like grown us like well let me
get some mature as hair that's grown
this brown a foot all right I think it's
time I think I need to think I need to
try one of these arms I think you need
to okay let me let me choose well for
you though okay give me a mom they have
names are you all ready yes but oh my
god valerian so I mean you look better
disease venereal oh I look like a
popular youtuber from like 2007 hey guys
what's up it's um what what they're they
always have two names so it'd be like
it's Madi miracle and I'm sitting here
with my friend blackberry and we're just
like talking about life and like girl
stuff and like whatever and anyways they
never want their friends in the video so
I'm hanging out with her and yeah she's
really funny and pretty but nice pretty
is man so yeah like we were just like
you know like playing with this boat
right here and like it's like really
cool boats are cool aren't that's cool
anyway say goodbye what's your channel
anyways so see you guys later
question of the day how pretty do I look
on a scale of 1 to me I'm gonna go with
the triple mean yeah you look pretty too
so anyways guys we're gonna go and let
the guys pretend like I'm Tyler Oakley
and we're big honey you're one my fans
oh my god hey
