fucking list okay what is this some kind
of bucket list thought we should
probably start with that number four why
weren't you in Pope stuff when we were
together
driving duh driving duh checking my
reflection though oh my God look this
here guys in trash intro hey guys yeah
we were hanging out we're like and
driving we're like waiting for a place
to eat and then we're gonna like live
and like to hide like living living now
my favorite thing ever now is that drew
made up a new creepy voice oh we want me
to say
say uh say tell us - slight Queen and
tell us that you're living for it wait
pretend like I'm Tyler Oakley and we're
Vic honey you're one of my fans oh my
god hey first of all just really quick
really great that is not she I'm telling
other time no we here's what happened I
was standing in my VidCon line was right
next to Tyler Oakley's line so I'd hear
his fans and they were they're all
crying but they'd run up to him and they
just doing hi Slade Queen slightly good
morning big Oh
alright first of all what is this be
anyways my fans is just same really
weird creepy thing I couldn't grab my
bud it is not wanted to make out with
Shakira shot it be one of my fans a
machine who is an old man with a look
like
we would say we said earlier because I
said you sound like the exercise to know
what you say oh my god dad that your
wedding you're gonna get fucked by
tonight girl who told you to solve a
boiler where it stops yeah we look
fortune is not in our game we did not
wait very much
but I have enough here for some candy
and that's all I want what do you want
to get at the end of this I want to put
that on your mat Sakai profile what do
you want conquering love it look at all
these fucking tickets right now like
we're too much right now
like ticket hoarder right now this is
why you don't waste your money at Dave &
Buster's this is the prizes that you get
what are you getting oh I'm getting aunt
sweet so Curt has candies I'm getting a
Hello Kitty I'm getting this yeah he'll
get spring a sign and a journal a buzzy
Journal what are you know right in there
I mean all my secrets you're an Aries
right you feel like you already put your
secrets on YouTube uh yeah actually uh
whatever's in that book with me Cory
yeah we can do Oh meow we do a video on
it like Trish's secret ha ha ha if n is
not a secret anymore
I know but it's always ah mean assault
expose what were you gonna get
nothing these are all terrible we
shouldn't get an in genetic code my gosh
actually got excited about that
oh god I love coasters Oh Frankie grande
that's your big brother right now yeah
look at our Polly the Sui and yes we
were coupling I'm gonna cut off of all
something this is happening right this
is happening one there is a pig and a is
there for a reason here is Kate pulling
Katie there's a lot going on right now
Drew's in the bathroom throwing up
trying to make a room and I'm gonna join
them oh my god these two bugs going at
the same time Julie vlogs slightly blogs
what is your vlog like what's going on
over there Yug what's happening little
claw exception right isn't that what we
say Shh I love it
can you dance yeah what do you mean
Patricia has been obsessed with OTL
command especially Trevor's song slay
and we saw him perform
this is how he did it oh you better
watch me slay Oh anyway yeah do me from
the front good I'm 12
hashtag shameless promo for Trevor we're
gonna go eat some cake we're gonna slay
the cake I'm gonna be a queen on the
throne afterwards you're saying I'm bout
to bust ass on the royal subjects who
knows I'm under for some crocodiles in
my mouth Queen go slay the toilet oh
it's happening it happening we're gonna
like these videos because I like aren't
looked at you're homeless people like do
the things where you go around you know
why does my videos have been like we're
doing the dead laughs okay you know why
that was shade okay school and I'm also
Shaq - Shane's work penguins in da same
day rinsing member JC said hey remember
that cuz your favorite is Nemo
JC for life uh we are eating cookies
right now how is this and I'm gonna do a
double O double dipping it double
penetration and uh mouth or yeah
describe it you look at me while you do
that she lo tell me what you do yeah I
love it it's like a a Reese's Peanut
Butter birthday cake with funfetti
Oh give her a bit of the cookie in your
voice pretty good look how good are we
okay well question of the day with your
favorite cookie flavor good show oh my
god
that's fine I miss your bow oh I can't
wait before we go officially can you do
Joey's outro it may be on to be ever
your favorite okay next question we have
a comment telling us things for him to
say in that voice and we'll do a whole
video with that boy is the guys like the
boys am i Adam Levine you're Shakira I'm
kind of Adam Levine right now like
living for the being all right now
goodbye okay there's a happy sign maybe
if he makes it maybe if I enter
oh god it's sad it's sad now everything
said okay maybe if I put the mouse in
front of the bullet
it'll protect him Oh
