he was a guys my name is Destry and
welcome back to you what the fuck slide
my name don't wear it out it's not death
Tron not destroyed it's desperate okay
I'm sorry if I had a dollar for every
time someone misspelled my name I'd have
enough money to buy the state of New
Jersey but to be fair that would only
take about six dollars because that
state is trashed that is R is death Tron
I live in New Jersey and you're right it
is pretty trashy anyway thank you so
much to one of my you now followers and
suggested this week's video if you like
to leave your own suggestion for a
future what the fuck 5 episode make sure
to leave that any comments down below
that's not evidence of a cloud becomes W
top 5 weirdest addiction protection G's
is quite you scared of shit out there
did I good because addiction is no joke
if that 12 out of 8 people are afflicted
with addiction every day I don't I don't
think that's right it is
well I myself will never really
understand addiction since I've never Li
gone through anything like that even
harder to understand addiction was
something like this woman who's addicted
to drinking her own urine first time I
drank my ear and didn't throw up and it
wasn't horrible so I thought you know
what I can do this oh oh what the fuck
your pee is not supposed to be that
called claudi's and there's so much
fucking pee in your pee your body's just
like what the fuck do I do with this but
it'd only be 53 year old woman known
only as Terry had been addicted to her
own pee for over five years now and
claims to prefer her own pee over water
any day I chose I'm going to inhale of
her feed through her nose as well it
even puts dry urine on her skin brushes
her teeth with it and puts it in her
eyes man says why just why look maybe I
can understand if somehow drinking pee
made you look younger you know literally
that's not the case since this lady
looks like one of the witches from hocus
pocus because lady looks like she looks
Satan in the eye and now does it video
like how does she explain this shit when
someone comes over to her house hey yeah
Carrie I think there's something wrong
with your apple juice it tastes kind of
spoiled oh that's is that's my pee
that's number two bugchasers this one
ain't super messed up and not at all
what you'd imagine this be so I think
above chasers I think of like a couple
of people running around catching
butterflies or some shit and not people
that intentionally spread
CDs or catch STDs because they think
it's quote unquote thrilling permitting
the virus has become a rot aside because
they actually see the virus as something
special yeah that exists you know I was
just talking to my friends about how I
need to do thrill in my life and nothing
more thrilling than bull the sores on
the shaft of my dick and pee the
consistency of cottage cheese am i right
no okay my bed was that you also lost
faith in humanity cool according to
Wikipedia buff chasing has been around
for a while now is a ton of different
reasons as to why people do it one of
the reasons seems to me that some people
are jealous of other people that have
HIV and want to be sort of part of a
community of sorts of you know people
that have HIV another reason as I
mentioned is for the thrill of it but
apparently is due to the fact that
having unprotected sex with someone
who's infected is taboo is therefore a
sexual thrill I guess which yeah it
doesn't really make sense to me either
which is just fucking weird to me that
there are people out there trying to
contract a deadly virus because they
think it's like awesome to be in a
community where other people have deadly
viruses like what Sam talking I got HIV
yesterday hiya no also apparently both
catchers often spread their STDs without
their partners knowing about it which is
super fucked up obviously but according
to the bug catching community are known
as gift givers dude what the fuck
and I'm not like a master of sex or
anything I know you're really surprised
don't let this obvious panty-dropping
exterior fool you but there's one thing
that my grandma told me about sex is
that if you do it you're a sinner and
you're going to help also why don't you
even want to have sex with this shit
exists so just don't do it
so inter sexually active your homework
of the day is to go home ask your
significant other if they're secretly
trying to give you aids and ask you what
the fuck did just send them this video I
don't make sense I have been in a
long-term relationship with lefty here
and you don't see any cottage cheese
coming out of my dick sometimes being
abstinent is the right call this message
has been brought to you by abstinence of
America with our new slogan
you don't want cottage cheese in your
dick number 3 Lunas squirt easy so who
in squaddie is the name of a guy from
Brazil who is addicted to death he's
attended every single funeral in his
hometown for the past 20 years as a
summer intern she's addicted to the
smell and mourning process following
someone's death according to Lewis he's
also quit his job to fuel
addiction even more and you're by
wondering like how this is legal and
like why people are just okay with some
random dudes coming up to their casket
like hey what's up close early he's now
becoming a local hero and it's
considered bad luck if he isn't at your
funeral
I'm just wondering if like he's weird at
the funeral and Cle like if everyone
there is like sad and mourning like and
he's just like oh yeah good shit I'm
gonna help out but I guess we'll never
know unless you die in Brazil then you
probably will you might have a Brazilian
guy secretly whacking off on your corpse
so yeah look forward to that number four
speaking of death and as weird as that
last one was next one makes it on this
list for being addicted to carrying
around her dead husband's ashes well
that doesn't sound so bad and somebody
says hey who is that I'm like it's my
husband some people laugh they think I'm
playing I'm serious my hospice OSA why
she'll this list I guess with the
transfer of his cremains you know some
got into cardboard box as well and I
split out on my hand and I didn't want
to wipe wipe them off cuz I press my
husband I will wipe them away um so I
just licked it off my fingers oh oh no
got a low eight mouse it's fantastic got
daily oh she's like I don't want her to
waste away and then transforms his ashes
into shit and poops it out I'm sure
that's exactly what he wanted one day
when I die I hope I become my wife shit
the 26 year old woman known only as Katy
was showcased on TLC's show my strange
addiction and according to Casey he
tastes good and she wants him to be a
part of herself
no that's fucked up like this is almost
cannibalism but it's not like what at
the same time I kinda get where she's
coming from I mean not eating ashes does
that fucked up not being able to accept
that someone is gone and like seeking
them everywhere it makes sense but at
the same time no that's fucked up but
the conclusion of the show she was put
into therapy for her addiction and that
was really the last update of this story
that we have so we don't really know if
she's like okay now or what but in this
case I really do hope she was you know
able to get the help that she needed
finally at number five is Jennifer the
woman who has addicted to eating
mattresses
I like
matches playing Estrella I know anning
butcher and today at least it's a vegan
option right guys right guys I'll go so
it's pretty interesting Jennifer isn't
actually the only case of this as many
people suffer from what's known as pica
well the urge to consume inorganic
substances a few people that I didn't
mention on this list are addicted to
eating things like nail polish toilet
paper and even collapse in in case
Jennifer who is also showcased on my
strange addiction began eating
mattresses as a way to combat stress at
age 5 I rarely now eats a square foot of
mattress a day which is equally
disgusting as it is impressive because I
can't eat a square foot of anything a
day and I'm a fucking fat somebody to do
anything is food I mean I eat it every
day which is more than I can say for
most kids in soil Wow I go to help that
junk
see you there the reason why I'm not
eatin my only mattress is because I ate
my mattress r-rating that must have been
awkward when you want to go get a new
bed like Jennifer you're just in here
what happened the old address I gave you
it's okay I'll put five more mattresses
fruits normally I'd advise against
eating mattresses but well you're
basically putting my kids through
college so fuck it I'm very concerned by
our health and I her digestive system I
have seen in the toilet he comes out in
whole pieces Oh Oh what is wrong with
the world raise the big that people
addicted to crack we're terrible people
now I know it could be a lot worse
alright guys that is it for this episode
of what the fuck five hopefully you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a like and also subscribe to this
channel as I will be doing these every
single week all the guys make sure to
check out my newest video on my channel
which is a snapchat filters video I had
a lot of fun making it so definitely go
check that out and a link will be in the
description down below man that's raw
that video so thanks that the guys I'll
see you next time for another what the
fuck 5 thanks for watching and bear with
