, we talk about everything that's
blowing up on the Internet this setup is
slightly different because I'm traveling
and also variety is the spice of life
turns out real Miley Cyrus has been
hiding out on Vancouver this whole time
while a look-alike has been slowly
corroding her image like Chinese water
torture just kidding
Miley Cyrus is the only one who has
tarnished Miley Cyrus's image but a
Miley Cyrus look-alike one located in
Vancouver her name is Julia and she
works at a pizza parlor just like Miley
Cyrus likely will after it all comes
crashing down in a few years along with
her perpetual hot drugs are for idiots
and I'm never gonna be that person we've
heard of milking cows for their calcium
late in white juice commonly referred to
as milk you've probably even heard of
babies milking from their mother but
have you heard of milking evil fish yes
you are lying why would you do that so
spawn will be like that and we're gonna
push this down at the top and the
squeeze the venom blades and the venom
Oh God what
there goes the green that would squirt
into your foot yep
that guy has an Australian accent would
you definitely means he knows what he's
doing oh shiet venom i do the best
rapper ever spin deadly rods and all
that this week on youtube i learned on
my very own youtube channel youtube.com
slash alexis cheese all was hacked a
channel was recently hacked they also
hacked into my twitter and announced
that i was going to be starting a new
channel which was never true this was
not the best situation since the hacker
changed in the name of the channel so a
lot of people unsubscribed as they had
never subscribed to a channel called f
her right in another region was
completely back up and running now but
while it was hacked the hacker renamed
it to something rather nefarious and
unoriginal I thought it would provide to
you a list of a few better names for
what to call a hacked channel after you
hacked it so you can be both creative
and computer savvy gone fishing because
the youtuber left hatchet because he's a
hatchet to hack things alexis is not
here right now please leave a message
this is not the youtuber you are looking
for Wow sure feels good to be creative
thank you for watching this venom-filled
episode of Bob comm hopefully we didn't
hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel if you did enjoy this episode
make sure to give it a thumbs up and
head on over to youtube.com slash Alexis
she's all to check out my latest video
here's a tiny tiny preview if you aren't
a nudist chances are you've gone clothes
shopping before question of the day who
is your celebrity look like I've been
told Ellen page maybe a couple times so
let me know in the comments below what
celebrity looks like you
