hey what's up guys welcome back to what
the fuck news my name is destory and my
ex-girlfriend actually was in the Star
Wars movies yeah
Jabba the Hutt there she is Wow the real
question is why did I date her but this
is what the fuck news and we talk about
the weird ass news that you might have
missed in the last week and the first
story I want to talk about today comes
from the good old Internet where does
your nose pizzas came with a side of
races a new advertising campaign from
DiGiorno was ruined when they opened the
doors to the internet to come up with
designs for their new custom-made pizzas
and instead of making beautiful pieces
of artwork the internet and more
specifically Fortune decided to make
terribly racist and awful awful designs
like dick and balls a homophobic slur a
pepperoni made Jewish person with the
caption of oven-ready and then of course
the Hitler did nothing wrong Pizza what
are we gonna do with you internet people
is to say I don't think DiGiorno is
gonna probably keep this up for that
long and I know that this is probably
pretty inappropriate but I would
probably eat every single one of those
pizzas because let's be on pizzas like
sex even when it's bad it's still pretty
good in old people doing crazy shit news
a group of London seniors have decided
to throw away conventional means of
exercise and decided to learn parkour
instead apparently the two instructors
of the class from parkour dance teach
the class to help seniors with general
movement exercises and motor functions
rather than a 22 foot leap to another
building can you imagine the class is
taught to almost a dozen seniors all of
which are over 60 in the oldest being 85
and it is for this reason alone that I
now can't get the image of an 85 year
old man running from the police doing
parkour all the police are just sitting
there like goddammit he's so fast catch
me now fuckers apparently the techniques
of the class have been doled out a lot
so it's even safe for the most frail of
elders including weak bones
George am i doing it right chase by
doing it right you mean your hip bones
completely shattered then yes you are
doing it right yeah Wow personally I
think even though the class is dulled
down to accommodate the ancient relics
of Britain it's still really awesome
that they're even attempting to do this
and it just seems like
you could bring up to oppress other
seniors who don't do parkour yeah I've
been doing parkour late-may not a big
deal
George I would be so wet right now if my
dad wasn't so dusty you know I might
have a boner right now if that wasn't so
disgusting and if I could still pop
boners anymore what the fuck News a
Pennsylvania woman pretended to be a
doctor so she could perform physicals on
random truck drivers
why the fuck would she do this just so
that she can perform physicals on rugged
swamp nut truck driving man was she just
that desperate for some peen that she
was just like yes I am a doctor let's
have a look at those balls actually
these are some very satisfactory balls
you've got here paradise the 56 year old
Joan Elizabeth Wingate was busted when
one of the truck drivers was suspicious
of her practice and after looking up
online and finding nothing he returned
to her house with the police in tow
she's now facing charges including
felony forgery identity theft and fraud
during the physicals apparently she
would also take urine samples and that
just got me thinking what does she do
with those when she's done in confusing
what the fuck news a man walks into a
bank he decided to leave a different
kind of deposit when he decided to shit
all over the bank's floor bein a man
strolled into the Barclays bacon and or
England sporting a calm but angry look
as he walked around the bank
how does someone have a calm but angry
look calm look angry look calm and angry
look I think I just look constipated so
that's not it moments after walking into
the bank the man started cramping in his
shorts which then fell out onto the
bank's floor and also this was clearly
intentional as you didn't just pick one
spot to poop but decided to walk around
the bank and then stop for a second poop
there walk over here poop right here and
just keep doing it as he walked around
the bag I wasn't really paying attention
until I noticed a foul but unmistakable
now customer Gareth McCarthy said about
the determined Dookie duffer
staff didn't know what on earth happened
the stench was unreal popping a stench
be unreal we've all smelled poop before
like what did that guy have to eat for
his poop to be so rancid that people had
to comment on it
man's face tooth integrated because of
the stink stench killed my unborn child
said no one like who knows maybe the guy
was just so pissed off at the bank
shitty service that he was just like how
can I tell them how much of a shitty
business they are and lastly in some
exciting news there's been a lot of
movie news as well as TV show news in
the last week so firstly a new behind
the scenes video the fifth season of
AMC's The Walking Dead has been released
set to come out this fall then BBC's
Sherlock is coming out with a new season
after the biggest and most what the fuck
cliffhanger ever production that filming
for that is said to be in January of
2015 and finally a new trailer for
Horrible Bosses 2 has been released
which looks just as ridiculous as the
first movie y'all criminals you tried to
kill your bosses now you want to
perpetrate a kidnap
hi boys you ever done it in a dentist's
chair once you could get the chair ready
I'm just gonna visit the men's room real
quick you're welcome to do that on me oh
uh well it's her and that Jennifer
Aniston what is she doing looks wildly
fun and entertaining it is set to come
out in November 26 of 2014 anyways this
has been what the fuck news and the
question I have for you lovely
individuals today is what is your
favorite TV show and your least favorite
TV show I might give me and Shane a good
idea of what to watch next thing is how
I don't think me and him watch a lot of
TV yeah I'm pretty sure the last show I
watched was animorphs and that was like
15 years ago but damn that show was good
- make sure to leave those in the
comments below and all of these stories
as always or in the description below as
well as all of my links also make sure
to check out my channel at youtube.com
slash Captain death sets you'll probably
love it so much that you'll shit on the
floor bang the true story but I will see
you next week for another what the fuck
news and Fairwinds
