who doesn't love Thanksgiving break me
Highschool
fucking sucked bitch kidding not really
hey have you guys okay today I was in
the mood to kill animals and you guys
gave me the perfect game to fulfill my
fantasy tell don't shoot the puppy now I
don't know what this game is gonna be
I'm hoping it's just like its title
except I want to shoot the puppy so I
hope it's the opposite of its title I
have some problems let's get started oh
the graphics are beautiful
what website is this rrrr that's our our
five comm sounds legit
Oh somebody left the comment level
twelve is really hard then said if you
think that's bad you should see level 15
okay
well hopefully I'll get to level 30
don't shoot the puppy start Oh God
wait what what just happened I want to
like that I just killed the dog but I
don't think I do I don't think I hate
animals much as I doubt it
alright let's try this game how do I
play I don't understand start - ah ha I
just killed everything wait what okay
start - I move the dog out of the way oh
my god ever try to help people change
doesn't work out
okay so I turn the gun off turn it off
damn it fuck okay is there rules okay
there's a happy sign maybe if he makes
it maybe if I
oh god it's sad it's sad now everything
said okay maybe if I put the mouse in
front of the bullet
it'll protect him oh I don't like
technology maybe if I just don't do
anything
you
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god yeah is
that it is that really it oh this level
- okay this any different what the fuck
is this are you guys trolling me I just
learned what rolling meant like
yesterday well there you guys go
this is the stupidest game ever played
and I've played a lot about that's du da
boom level 3 okay I think what do you
think fuck you my name fuck submit what
do you think about don't shoot the puppy
oh don't butter up to me I'm still gonna
shoot you I think it's the stupidest
thing I've ever played
actually Miley's pork ball was pretty
stupid too
actually everything you've ever played
has been pretty stupid
Oh corny I agree with you but for some
reason we keep doing it oh yeah oh that
was me playing don't you fuck me I just
threw my dog on the ground that was
abusive let me know in the comments what
game I should play next hopefully it has
a point and is an actual game unlike
this trolls as you guys have ufn hated
me f na Mel see you tomorrow make sure
to subscribe or else I'll shoot my puppy
on camera they don't get arrested and
you won't have any more videos for me so
what are you gonna do click click
subscribe that's what you're going to do
see you guys later
whoa
what do you hold there's a dog in the
head and you're hugging the fish thought
I was putting it dad's not a fish why
does my face look so fast
