nobody wants to wear that we know not
even kids who have a disease does that
wig has its own diseases and I never
washed it it's so disgusting
it smells like corn turning in turkey
bacon I don't quite know hey guys I'll
try and do what you do
oh you're I don't ever do that you go
hey I do not and you just touched my
mouth and I feel like I'm gonna get sick
or get a disease now so thank you you're
welcome
you probably will all I've been doing is
stitching myself hey guys yes I'm here
with Joey and we are about to do another
tumblr tag because they keep going
really well and by well I mean horrible
and by horrible I mean get ready
mmm so we typed in Shane Dawson on my
channel and his channel we typed in Joey
Graceffa right so we're gonna see what
people are talking about
oh look at me we're talking it's all the
times you've done down on me my mom is
not the first one okay wait yeah one two
wait look it's not really me being like
scared and then I finally enjoy it you
finally accept it and then on the last
one you're pretending that you don't
enjoy it you're like I've been enjoying
it too much right he really does enjoy
it oh yeah what was this oh that was my
music video I put oh I accidentally love
date that we had on the know nurse
that's interesting because we didn't go
on a date and you never call me moving
on just go home
who is this wait who's that oh that's my
man he's my replacement for you wait if
you really that tall he's eight foot is
the tallest human being I've ever met
because you're tall no I'm tall and he
makes you look like a time engine he
little person I know he I'm sorry - Olly
boo-boo by the way we have a lot of
little people fans I haven't met my
VidCon okay and actually prefer the work
engine so I use it I call them baby
carrots but you know he's like 8 to 12
holy shit since I know
that's insane I was really sexual oh my
god Oh Tickle Me
oh my god we reenact it weapon oh that's
okay we once were a pretty good
Photoshop of you and look that it looks
like it is you that's me and kind of me
that
I feel like she has better legs than you
do oh but you have better boobs okay
thank you and I feel like all those
hands would be touching you because you
love the edge too
look how good we look together like our
shirts match that's so cute looks like
you'll be looked after today I look
better okay I am so annoyed with these
wait which one is yours
mine's a learning disorder and then one
of them is like ADHD I saw one I was
like I do not have ADHD these are my
favorites because it's like literally
everybody has had bad childhoods and
stuff but when you throw it like like
wait stronger it's suicidal young can
home eating disorder I'm sad I got all
of these good oh you hear they should
just cover my face hahaha
college dropout okay first of all listen
damn love you but college dropout is not
comparable to suicidal or eating
disorder or learning disorder I know
like that's the only thing they could
come up with for you I can think it like
a hundred more oh my god okay oh my god
no I'm kidding oh my god no I'm kidding
dammit like maybe like a team or give me
a massage and I'll be better uh fine
scrolling let's go look at me here again
oh my god whoa I'm really getting it oh
yeah god when did we do that I attacked
you remember know what Oh jealous
jealous look I'm like what jelly so
Julia but then we're back together here
oh my god oh my god it was a whole year
oh well that's not really how math works
but yeah disabilities okay it's okay
broken home it's fine yeah I got a
college it's oh my god looking at this
when we did our makeup challenge very
quickly teeth bouncing you bike oh oh my
god
Jake Brown from Lizzie McGuire and why
am i Oliver's computer screen jelly we
did that on purpose
who's we
Gallagher like oh we're gonna put
Sheen's video no no he was looking at me
oh yeah sorry I forgot got here doh
oh that's for my video no it's not yet
is not yes it is my screen cat Miley
Cyrus fighting it disaster do you not
watch my videos we did a whole review of
you oh no you don't I'm gonna lie down
lie though we're gonna collage of us
wait where my mm right here oh my god oh
my God look at all over I okay what
princess of mine I am Ariel Ariel cuz I
don't have likes and I'm snow white and
white because you love midget oh my God
look what you made of me and that's fake
look at is he running a meeting
no look at you did you do that why'd you
do that
I didn't that's the street that you did
that and do that menu desktop oh my God
look it's us
I'm making the same things wait what
we're making the same face we're like
the same person
oh forget you being about there a crazy
night you're 15 and were you you're not
there are you there what happened I was
shooting I'm better movie oh you're
filming a different movie that's cool
whatever
next time let's uh jelly no jelly
no because I know that it's all fake
jelly ania's wait why is this on my page
Oh cuz you liked it wait not like a Jim
Shane doesn't like says That's not me
no was you liked it why would I have my
profile picture be a drawing of me and I
look fat oh my god mean kind of rific
this is back before we hated each other
become as fun we're having my god what
was that
I don't remember that with a really cool
my hair is longer than Earth that's nice
hahaha
that's I mean you can fish oh my god
dude what are you gonna do when I make
you kiss my fish oh look at me playing
the guitar jelly jelly jelly
No Shoei ex charesse press what do you
think they're delivering Arby's maybe
probably oh whoa
what do you hold right there's a dog in
the head and you're holding the fish
thought I was putting it dad's not a
fish
why does my taste look so fat well cuz
you're next to me my face is like really
hospitalize get really skinny yelling
it's like it really like I work it out
called in no what the fuck is this what
the fuck is this That's not me
That's not me you are done with you fuck
you with your ahh
orgasm face dun dun dun da da da huh
what oh my god oh my god ha ha ha so
real oh oh you're just eating me um yum
yum my head is huge
ha ha ha why is this on my face not even
looking at this Oh
oh that's so gross I don't need to see
someone else's pooping oh god no guys
we're gonna stop and that is the end of
that experience I hope you had fun at
least it wasn't a book yeah I want I
feel at mabie's poop is worse my
butthole is pretty bad look either way
questions day what's worse poop or
butthole kidding question of the day
what tags should be searched next time
we do this video and also go check out
Joey's channel subscribe and check out
the video we did up there where we
searched his name and let's just say we
got a lot more than poop oh yeah maybe
we got some nice bug so maybe throw up a
lot of Comet
whatever I'm just kidding you're perfect
all right you guys have you up any of
those knee opening with you and I'll see
tomorrow bye we were talking earlier
about you know my sex life because it's
so interesting I mean your life is kind
of interesting
it's literally me and a bunch of candy
yeah just choosing after Cape
