nobody wants to wear that we know not
even kids who have a disease does that
wig has its own diseases and I never
washed it it's so disgusting
it smells like corn turning in turkey
bacon I don't quite know naked women
naked women more naked women that only
means one thing where a nigga party wait
why aren't you naked I can't be no I'll
blur it out well but we'll put it on a
picture of a Cadbury egg Photoshop it oh
my god willing me look so scared don't
like that
actually get more I've had my big belly
it's like chubby porn they love him I
would show you my stomach but it's like
really gross so I'm not going to honey
boo boo honey boo boo anyways
so last night or a couple nights ago I
got a text from her and she's like guess
what I fucking got and I was like I
don't know what you get resis huge
easter eggs how many did you get I got
ten but I ate six shut the fuck up or
you see her I don't do that how did you
eat six
I ain't that nigga sexting you you eat
six in a day I didn't eat anything else
okay you tell me wait a minute okay we
have you know a little though they do
kind of look bigger than they appear
they're actually kind of small okay
they're not that bad for you but it's
like protein right yeah no no yeah it's
like so much protein it's like no yeah
great I love the fact that you have a
candy-coated oh and don't refrigerator
magnets donuts and burgers and ice cream
this is my friend strip yeah you have
all these pictures of all your friends
well and also you naked again and your
boobs yeah you have all these pictures
of you and your friends and there isn't
any pictures of us we gotta go to the
photo because she would go to a photo
booth at the mall yeah me and Shawna did
this one it's the ghetto moms I had to
poop in the toilet paper
I'm not kidding cuz I'm not friends with
somebody on my fridge anymore so you
need to replace make that bitch off but
then it let's empty Oh like I have to
actually okay there you have a lot with
you and that friend that you're not
friends with anymore I know
and then like yeah now we just have to
make ten of us okay can we eat 10 eggs
and then take ten pictures okay deal
this is happening this is fucking yeah
don't pretend like it's not real I saw
you put it down
oh it's invisible it's a physical these
okay so literally we're we're on our way
to go - we're going to eat right now and
she's like I'll bring the Cadbury eggs
I'm like what she's like in keisters
traffic I made so true like we might get
stranded like some people have like an
earthquake kit like we have Cadbury and
what else I bet there's other oh the
samples I put in my bag too and high
heels
mm-hmm mr. four heels okay my side job
okay cool
and we're driving the car I'm very
excited I was just in my first Trish
vlog that's ready smash how'd I do
I think you stole the stole I feel like
you upstaged me we know a lot so should
I don't do that anymore
no it just means we can't be fired thank
you can I have the Cadbury egg then duh
until eat together this weekend okay
okay we need to come up I know there's
Cadbury egg in there it's not you're not
hiding it I don't want any groans like
my saliva is like no that's what they're
into we love what don't we over here on
YouTube back outside Shea we yeah oh
look at your teeth oh oh my favorite
sound is when people go because I know
they're getting that extra little extra
net on the finger Oh bring it out and
they suck it at the end hmm I'm gonna do
it damn all right all right we'll do it
at dinner
okay so we just went to this candy store
that was supposedly what is it the
Tiffany's of all candy stores so the
needs of candy stores and they told us
that everything's like really classy and
then as a selling point they were like
by the way this gummy bear was
hand-painted by an old German man in
German and he sweated all day over I was
like that's enough and that makes me not
one did you get it I got it no they're
really nice um by the way the funniest
part of this whole experience besides
the fact that I spent way too much money
on candy but they put it in a blue bag
in the foot tissue paper miss Bray Trish
was filming the whole thing in her boobs
like a secret camera like out like
Undercover Boss and shit so I had no
idea so I don't even want to know go to
her channel check out all the horrible
things I probably said why would you do
that you didn't tell me I was so funny
though cuz Shane naturally is really
funny and I just like I'm just gonna
like hidden camera it was so funny he's
like so humble meanwhile I'm like it's
Shane it's Jana and he's just like
she's like my mom she's like oh my god
look he's super popular I'm experienced
when she like gets so proud of him I'm
like mom stronger I mean I'm right down
his channel - I'm a geek I had a
brightly kill I'm out I'm fucking
post-it note cause the lady's like who
are you and I'm like nevermind it's fine
oh my god mom well now we're going to
where we're gonna get some cake and then
we're gonna go to El Torito and then
we're gonna eat all of our feelings this
gonna be so much fun so much fun
love loves that okay I know it looks
like we didn't eat that much but this is
because we already did this is later we
had a platter of nachos that literally
was like slices of pizza cuz I got to be
so big we should have locked it it was
just so bad it was so good but now it's
for the most exciting part of the night
well we're gonna do this in another
video but you're terrified of lettuce
right oh I'm Kayla it's me Ricky and I'm
terrified of shrimps because I feel like
it's a consistency of penis and I don't
want to chew on them here's your little
wait what oh so we have low pieces and
we have lettuce and were you trying to
increase its gonna be
it's gonna be so bad I'm like so nervous
just wish the penis is more bigger oh oh
cake cake candy oh I feel like I done
just has sex with all my food oh and
then there's more those more everywhere
how do you live here and not just eat
till you throw up I mean I do nothing
your lease no not 500 pounds stop
singing that about yourself we were
talking earlier about you know my sex
life cuz it's so interesting I mean your
life is kind of interesting
it's literally me and about you candy
yeah just choosing after Kate and I'm
done I know I was watching it all right
also we were taking a picture at El
Cerrito and we're like both talking
about what we do to look skinnier in
pictures so what I do is when I'm taking
pictures somebody I'll put my arm around
them and I put one thing in front of the
other and I do that I contort myself and
then what do you do and I'm in a picture
with the guys who do I like how we pose
I'll be like a hide half a body behind
so we literally were like somebody goes
oh you want a picture with like that and
then we like contorted we can put
contour like the fucking girl from like
The Grudge or something we're just like
trying to look skinny there we go
perfect and we look good oh my God look
I'm skinny I look like that oh yes you
do a skinny I'll make a contour contour
it I'm never gonna move question of the
day what do you do to look skinny in
pictures ah
alright you guys have you fighting it
does we opening it you and I will see
you tomorrow go check out her channel
where we did a bunch of other weird shit
line girls go oh my god are you flipping
everybody happy oh I was putting on my
eyelash thanks for getting this whole
blog of my eyelash off so bye guys
sorry I'm soaping with my ADC grandma
accident
and the picture of joy is Emma sleeping
naked and I was like mine
what is that fake I was living okay
