we talk about everything that's blowing
up on the internet my herons cup is
currently happening which is where
people kick things with their feet and
it's a pretty big deal to everybody
other than America so I as a very
American person going to take it upon
myself to get some culture and learn
exactly what the World Cup is on my
computer right here and I am going to
open Bing because I use Bing because I'm
that person and then we are going to
find some information on the World Cup
for the first time out of World Cup
Finals match officials are using goal
line technology as well as vanishing
foam for free kicks I'm gonna pretend I
know exactly what that sentence means
even though a lot of those words I've
never heard before okay it's saying some
World Cup scores I'm seeing a lot of
zeroes not as in zeroes like thousands
zeroes as in less than one a total of 64
matches are being played in 12 cities
across Brazil and either new or
redeveloped stadiums 64 that's a lot of
matches so basically what I've learned
is this World Cup happens every four
years they are called matches not gains
unfortunately even though I have this
knowledge I still do not care about
soccer yeah
sports this is the best I could do first
we saw strangers kiss which was weird
and just like how reality TV evolved
into the Hunger Games we can now watch
strangers slap each other hi nice to
meet you
I really enjoyed this video I thought it
was really funny although it does bear a
strange resemblance to the book and
movie Fight Club first rule a black Club
put it on the internet for everyone to
see
there is no second rule this week on
YouTube
I learned that youtuber roommates Caspar
Lee and thatcherjoe have some issues I
don't want to live with you anymore kind
of thing and I can't pay pay rent I also
kind of not liked living with you in a
way I know it sounds bad but it's like I
at first it was fun but then leave your
clothes lying around I mean I do now
know that that was a prank but that's
really not the proper way to break up
with someone if you're going to break up
with someone you just gotta do it
that was the cheesiest one yet cheesy or
papery thank you for watching this
week's episode of bob.com hopefully we
didn't hit you with our awesome internet
shrapnel you did enjoy this episode and
make sure to give a thumbs up and head
on over to youtube.com slash Alexis
chainsaw to check out my latest video
which has to do with shopping and maybe
even a shopping haul I don't know trying
new things it's causing me to breathe
heavy just to think about it
question of the day how would you break
up with your roommate would you leave
them a note would you do it face to face
would you be rude and aggressive leave
it in the comments below so good
