hey what's up you guys and welcome back
to you what the fuck news my name is
destory and this is what the fuck news
we talk about the news that you may have
missed in the last week and the first
story I want to talk about today comes
from st. Paul Minnesota where a burglar
broke into a guy's house got on facebook
on his computer and forgot to log out
the 26 year old Nicholas twig broke into
the house searching for shit to steal
and then I guess just had a sudden urge
to message all his bitches on Facebook
just broken in his guy's house hashtag
lol hashtag Yolo the homeowner James
would came home to his house ransacked
with several things missing including
his credit cards and cash I started to
panic what's said about his $14 that was
probably missing but then I noticed he
pulled up his facebook profiles I don't
know why he sounds like that but we're
gonna go in yeah-ha he pulled up his
facebook profile umm and left it up the
beat was then arrested Lee - the next
day after he was recognized from his own
profile pictures on Facebook Wade was
charged being the dumbest criminal at
red faces 10 years in prison for
previous charges of being a fucking
idiot in more what the fuck news an
American exchange student got his entire
body stuck inside of a sculpture of
vagina in Germany oh good they found my
flesh like I was wondering why that
thing was I ordered it months ago
history's this a big dick joke no it's
an enormous dick joke the unnamed
American student was trapped when his
friend dared him to go inside where his
leg was then caught on the statues
g-spot hindering him from getting out of
the life-sized replica of Kesha's vagina
no word yet is out Ke$ha is taking the
man being trapped inside of her vagina
but she probably still couldn't even
feel it so that's good and then took a
total of 22 firefighters to free him
from the masti sausage wallet and
thankfully there was no damage to the
giant fur burger or the student actually
when I first saw this picture I thought
I was looking at porn of my
ex-girlfriend but then I realized the
statue was too tight for that so I'll
snap and some violent hillbilly news a
man and a woman were caught on camera
beating the fuck out of another guy in a
violent road rage incident in Kentucky
stop ah break it up what are y'all doing
I am going to admit I have terrible road
rage like I seriously curse and convulse
when people are idiots on the road I'll
just sit in my car if you like the
lights branch
what do you do what what are you doing
what the fuck are you doing oh my god
bitch can you turn to me fucking slow
fucking bitch
yes better but never in my life would I
actually take my road rage out on the
person that I'm angry at I would just
sit in my car and yell to myself that's
how my process works but barely the man
who was attacked didn't try fighting
back at all he just sat there while that
Pepper Potts from Ironman sat on top of
it and wildly man the awesome denim
shorts decided to punch him in the face
as of now no arrests have been made but
local authorities are reviewing the
video hoping to find any evidence that
could lead to a possible arrest also the
comments of this video are just really
hilarious because any time a fight video
comes out there's just people in the
comments who try to act all tough like I
would a straight-up chop those two sorry
not sorry
whoa watch out for this badass or why
did that I fight back I would have put
hot sauce in their eyes and peed in
their mouths where would you get hot
sauce do you just carry that around I
would have driven a rattlesnake at them
and then cut up ladies nipples with a
razor blade made of diamonds okay yeah
I'm done in Moore what the fuck news a
man was arrested earlier this year for
asking random women he met on the street
to put Swiss cheese on his dick what a
barely the man Christopher Pagano
nicknamed be Swiss cheese pervert would
hold a piece of Swiss cheese out of his
car window in proposition women he just
randomly sought to put the cheese on his
penis in exchange for money oh yeah what
the fuck the 42 year old man from
Philadelphia was arrested earlier in
January after three women reported his
hella nasty request to the police one of
them even able to take a cell phone
picture which then led to the arrest I'm
just really hoping that no ladies
actually agreed to do this
they're like okay what do you want me to
do yeah if you could just gently still
have this piece of Swiss cheese on my
waiting on your what now Amy I'm not
doing that just pop the Swiss cheese I'm
awake get awake
please Byron anyways he just recently
pleaded guilty for harassment and
indecent exposure as he would also often
wave his dick out of the car window in
hopes that that would get the lady's
attention it's that is that it hands oh
my god that's his dick that's just dip
finally in some movie news mister
trailer for the new Teenage Mutant Ninja
movie has just been revealed showing off
pretty much what the turtles look like
the villain shredder and a lot of Megan
Fox looking like she really doesn't fit
in with the movie at all do not say a
word about this to anyone if you do we
will find you my sons I have trained you
your whole life but I fear you are not
ready for its greatest threat shredder
let's go save my brothers
oh right it'd have dubstep Megan Fox
shitty fucking voices shredder as a
transformer and turtles with lips that
is the ingredient of a very successful
movie if I've ever seen one I see
they're also following Hollywood's trend
of putting 48,000 lens flares in every
shot so that's good the movie is
produced by Michael Bay the guy behind
the Transformers movie and is set to
come out in August 8 2014 it just really
seems like Michael Bay is not over his
Transformers picked because of how
shredder looks like he's probably
talking to the director it was just like
hey amen what's up um yeah can we make
shredder a transformer because that
would be really cool so I really want at
least 220 mm explosions in this movie if
we can do that oh yeah we also get Megan
Fox in this movie because she gives me
really awesome cool blowjobs so yeah
anyway this has been what the fuck news
and the question I have for you sexy
individuals today is who is your least
favorite actor or actress and why leave
those in the comments down below and
let's just have a very heated debate
over why people are terrible anyways all
of today's stories as always are in the
description as well as all of my links
also make sure to check out my newest
video on my channel which is just a
funny montage of all the videos I've
made over the past year so make sure to
check that out anyways I'll see you next
week for another what the fuck news and
Fairwinds
