hi I'm calling about charm machine and I
just want to say that we're connected
and I just want to get coffee one day
and just talk about it no first of all
hookers don't do coffee I know I I met a
hooker she didn't want coffee I'm stupid
I'm just making a prediction on how this
video is going to end so we're about to
play the stupid test now I tried to play
the say the impossible quiz lived up to
its name because it was fucking
impossible and I'm going to live up to
this name and be stupid so let's play it
Oh very excited I can't wait for it to
tell me how dumb I am I really need a
game for that though when is 2012 wait
what it's 2012
okay two plus two is four if you need to
travel 10 miles in 30 minutes how fast
would you need to go oh god max ah 10
miles in 30 minutes 30 10 K 20 miles an
hour an hour divided by 20
Oh God Oh God 20 was that right yeah
fuck yeah if he equals she what does she
equal he if you try to fail and succeed
which have you done if you tried to fail
and succeed which have you done win
right ah-huh I just gave coca-cola was
originally I don't know I thought it was
see-through what blue green huh what I
don't know coca-cola was originally
brown blue blue but no but that was
brown
okay how many licks does it take to get
to the center of a Tootsie Pop first of
all it's not high school Tootsie Pop but
I understand for legal reasons you had
spelled wrong um 128 well shit
once you crunch who a dime has many
ridges around the edge
Oh has how many is ready oh I don't know
108 210 well duh okay Android 18
Oh memorize the sequence red X 1 blue X
2 red X 1
blue blue red huh what's happening well
I'll read blue red blue blue I don't
know what's happening
red oh shit I've been hit by random okay
find the button wait fine the button
okay ah
challenge accepted okay send Merrill's
cinnamon rolls cinnamon rolls eggs wait
what what was that it what am i stupid
okay
go through this fast wait memorize the
sequence Oh God
pink blue red pink blue pink aqua blue
pink pink pink yellow yellow wait
there's no come here
pink blue I'm done I'm done I'm done
however like how I look like I'm an
idiot I get it do I need to play a game
no I had my family telling me that I had
my school telling me that and I had the
woman at Target telling me that because
I told her that the M&Ms were half off
and she said no the sign said the Kit
Kats were half off and I said no bitch
said M&Ms but she said do you want me to
show you and I said yes bitch bring it
she did and she was right it was
kickbacks I already knows it so I'm done
um thank you guys for watching make sure
to subscribe you can be reserved all day
and leave some comments let me know what
game I should play next hopefully
something that we feel smarter like the
awesome test or the name all of Hilary
Duff's movies in order of release tests
because I could fuckin do that Casper
meets Wendy Lizzie McGuire Movie Cheaper
by the Dozen 2 your brother doesn't to
buting a briefcase don't even test me
alright see ya Sophie open a good me - a
with you and I'll see you tomorrow bye
you're not stupid you're smart I love
you I'm the stupid one okay you guys are
a part of this and you're a part of me
and you'll never ever again I like them
mean that song sounds really creepy when
you think about it that way well the
sticks and stones this is about trying
somebody up and get up in them
cuz now I love it
