hi I'm calling about Charlie Sheen and I
just want to say that we're connected
and I just want to get coffee one day
and just talk about it no first of all
hookers don't do coffee I know I met a
hooker she don't want coffee hey what's
up you guys yes so just a lot of energy
this is what it looks like when do I
wake up
that's profile angle not great anyways
I'm excited because okay I was
originally going to wait until VidCon
which is this weekend which is tomorrow
I was gonna wait until VidCon to talk
about the title of my movie and show the
trailer but I was like you know what
I'll show the trailer VidCon but I feel
weird about saving the title because I
feel like all of you guys watching that
aren't at VidCon
it's kind of a slap in the face for me
not to tell you but I love the movies
because alright you guys are a part of
this and you're a part of me and you'll
never ever okay I like that mean
that song sounds really really creepy
when you think about it that way
well let's ticks installs is this about
tying somebody up and getting up in them
because now I love it no okay ready so
the title of my movie is not cool
yes that's a title I'm so excited I just
want to explain a little bit about why I
chose that title because um you know I
just wanted to make a little better
pimple that's a big pimple I wanted to
make a little bit of sense I mean I it
makes sense that I wanted to even more
make sense of it the movie is about a
group of kids who are in college you go
back to their hometown for Thanksgiving
break and a lot of them go back and life
is a lot different than they remembered
the main character Scott who is who I
play used to be really cool and really
popular in high school
and now when he goes back he realizes
he's not that cool anymore and high
school was probably the best time of his
life
and now life sucks the other character
is Tori and she is kind of a bad
bitch she's like cool I'm like likes to
do drugs and like fuck shit up and she
that makes her sound like a crackhead
it's not you know you like to smoke a
little weed or so her whole thing is
like oh wow you're you're not that cool
you used to be nine or not and now I'm
cooler than you so that's weird
so then the whole movie is kind of their
rollercoaster ride of trying to make him
cool again and and it has a really great
man it's the whole message of the movie
well there's a lot of messages at the
movie I don't want to get all the way
but one of the main messages of the
movies dealing with your past and moving
on but also it's not about how cool you
are or how hip you are how good-looking
you are any of that stuff it really is
about how you enjoy life and your
personality and how you connect with
people and maybe you'll connect with
somebody that isn't cool or maybe you'll
connect with somebody that you think is
too cool and then you realize they're
just a person so so that's that I'm
really excited I think it's catchy and
fun and hashtag not cool feel like
that's that's not the name but that's
the hashtag like that's fun and I know
everybody's been tweeting like aren't
you nervous that people are gonna if
they don't like the movie they're like
oh this movies no cool and of course I
thought about that because I remember
teen Ashlee Simpson make an album called
like terrible and then everybody was
like eat you up I disagree I think
Ashlee Simpsons albums have been amazing
um but I'm not nervous about about that
because number one it's a good movie so
I'm excited number two it doesn't bother
me because playing it safe would be to
call this movie best weekend ever or
holiday back home again or you know
crazy kids or like that would be playing
it safe but I don't want to play it safe
I wanted the movie to have a weird title
that sounded negative the original title
was I hate myself or no no the original
title was I hate myself II and then
there was I want to kill myself here and
I was like you know what
that's too unsafe that's talking about
suicide so I'm not gonna do it um
anyways I'm gonna cope guys sorry this
is a short video well because I find um
once again go to Shane movie.com sign up
for the email list you will be getting
sneak peeks everybody today or last
night or in the middle then I got an
email with the title and the poster so
they got it ahead of you if you and on
email list so don't let that shit happen
go sign up also VidCon cook time to go I
will be there tomorrow Friday cue mark
12:30 room 213 to do the QA with the
cast of not cool oh my god it's so cool
the save the name of the movie yeah I
usually say she met something that was
like not cool
I just got teary-eyed let's stop let's
stop talking about it I'm plugging them
up anyways the movie not quote we're
gonna have the cast and we're gonna show
the trailer and we'll also gonna be
filming it for the reality show so you
guys are gonna be on camera very very
excited and then I'll be doing mean
great after that okay I'm gonna go other
guys you know what you're cool you're
cool I'm not cool but you're cool okay
you're okay
see we're safe enough doc you ready boom
there it is
