hi I'm calling about Charlie Sheen and I
just wanted to say that we're connected
and I just want to get coffee one day
and just talk about it now
first of all hookers don't do coffee I
know I I met a hooker she don't want
coffee
so many people love shit on their knees
and they love me you almost you're on
the edge today personation impersonation
of me would be disgusting and offensive
and a horrible friend next Eddie look at
them and blink the Matthew attitude but
you know what you are physical we
secretly hate each other guys we're
actually secret do we tell what we're
doing oh if you do more impressions so
base what we're gonna do is we're gonna
go 5 out my channel 5 on hers and we're
gonna impersonate youtubers you have to
guess who it is
stop okay oh wait yeah that's good on my
channel yeah you guys know me yeah I
love this section okay ready bethany
mota she's a sweetheart
that's yeah
his real name I know likely but she is
friends sweetheart
and she's pretty sure she watches your
videos she came to like the first VidCon
with her sister before she was like
vaguely yeah I'd listen I love her I
love my car bo7 Mrs Payne hm
can we go to the think ecologist I don't
know people's names I'm sorry I love you
I'll be your head you'll be my Barbie
and then somebody put isn't my great
couple how sex works okay ready yeah
take a moment and stop in the time okay
no I got ya okay kind of say words yes
okay there's five of me and we all look
exactly the same and we all like this
hey guys you're beautiful even though
you don't think you are there's five of
the oh maybe six
and on my other phones and then they all
have like perfect nipples as well Gary
that's what made you think that well
they put their calls that are all like
they're all of the cute little boy oh
you don't mean they're all like skater
get your pants girl yes you're right
point for you okay I don't know anyone
that doesn't speak words that punches
the camera yes I'm like a fine wine that
not everyone likes until they get to
know me and then I grow on them and then
they love me cuz they they thought I'm
gonna sweetheart but at first they don't
know they think I'm crazy
hola me llamo your soy el Guru Nanak
and but you know - okay so yeah she's
she's Mexican I like that she speaks in
English just like a beauty she doesn't
say candy I love you know we know what
you watching her make Monica the only
letter was a pop knot and I only know
her because she's tough and I love her
just tough not like oh she's a singer if
I know what she is I know who miss Glen
ROTC is because her thumbnails always
does something fucked up I really like
her but she does the same face if Dom
people the truck does which is pretty
boob there it is see what I'm saying and
then put Tommy ready boom there it is
she's a prettier version she doesn't
look like a doll you know what I'm
saying it's the thing she's beautiful
Shane covers beautiful public please 13
glamour on see you guys
yeah yeah all right last one I'm just
gonna dance oh you're lucky
mommy's gonna roll my shoulders oh hey
what's up you guys
so today oh wait just I'm gonna get my
dog
hey anyways today we're gonna be doing
that let's take our shirts off and blow
each other challenge that was a Sawyer
yeah I mean him just did the let's blow
each other challenge you want to see me
get hurt terrible person she's gonna
hurt and subscribe check it out
my name with you ready she wanted the
whole family
give me some microwave yes they're
expanding yes they're spending
