Brandon dates like a really good-looking
girl really what are you threatened him
with Trish are you taking Jason to Cabo
again so you're gonna be gone for three
days and so is Jason cuz you're not
getting fucked for at least a week mmm
they talk to the frat cuz you're on your
period so he's not good to you anyway
what does that mean what's the middle
finger is that an okay okay go for it in
fact language we'll see you later
and Scott sire she's having sex on this
bed the other day yeah swear on God yes
swear on marijuana fuck you got me
what's up guys me and my friend Ilya
came up with a new secret handshake feel
free to adopt this into any of your
friend groups right now
but you have to try and catch it like
genuinely try remove it you're staying
here even though it was that you went
through this let's say Alexa has big
nick ever gotten laid I don't know any
nice does you mean when you call
immigration
no it's having you congregation ooh
who's in college come here come here
what's that boom
you be nice I don't have to drink it on
your knee yeah really
yeah that's really cool I'm not fucking
doing check out the forehead smacking oh
my gosh David I got these for you oh I'm
taking everything check that microwave
open it
yesterday he got mad at me because he
said I said I love you too much to him
he's like I'm tired of you saying I love
you so much to me and I was like I just
wanna give you love because I can't do
this all day I can't say I love you all
day am i oh my god maybe it was it was
like wonderful about an hour
you're a dick Trisha you know how I know
you say I love you too much to chasten
because you see too much to me and then
pretend like you're trying to get in to
cure his pants go go go Zachary look
happy he's saying my channel is too
inappropriate and he's telling me that I
need to clean it up if I ever want to
make any money no one's reaching out
anymore we're losing money we used to
get emails every other day and now it's
like once a month and I think that's
something that you should rap song that
sucks you want to perform
maybe life and I'm feeling lighter got
all my homies here we're all tired
okay so miss you like to subscribe to
yeah David over I actually have
surprised Murch for Todd's first time
seeing it corinna come in turn around
and three to go
you've a nice
things are going well with China is that
a weed clinic
