this lady just seems like she's really
confused all the time what's your
favorite part about being friends with
us big camaraderie everyone so nice to
each other what was your favorite part
about working with us I can't answer
that on camera
Jesus Christ this trip was getting to
meet these rad dancers and becoming part
of theirs they read they don't need
drugs they get ion movement oh I see
covering her lips oh I wonder why it was
first it was a toothpaste lady sees
relationship heading in four years do
you think people have like a weird
fetish where they like to shove food in
other people's bodies how do you think
Jonah gets off visiting Alex's hometown
right now it's a very small town in
Minnesota population
fifteen population in the fucking gas
station on opened up here is the
greatest thing that happen in this town
oh no this is one of the only gas
station what are people known for here
this video right here is your high
school crush love can't show you why
she's gonna think it's weird if I keep
driving my house okay this is a really
small town how many people were in your
graduating class three hundred what 200
250 at 40 94099 people I graduate your
home school houses favorite bar it's
empty
I look at my phone from my car five in
the morning
Tad's obnoxiously Tron that's fucked up
apparently if you're drunk they don't
let you on the flight these two are
plastered used to do with my dad
drywalled houses man sniffing dog drug
sniffing dog love drugs
you don't want to be presentation
anymore you just want to be co-workers
because you don't think that you guys
are attracted to each other like that
anymore
that's psychotic it's true it's
psychotic they're just co-workers and no
longer friends
do you like Tricia a lot more than a
friend I don't know no he doesn't and
that's fine I'm fine with it that's I'm
saying is I'm not fucking crazy then
yeah maybe I would why did I use David
no I don't think that I don't say that I
didn't say that I Troy talk for views
because sure you may take the cake on
the crazier
that's why I have no Friday that's why
people rotate out my life everything
well guess what we're still here yeah
yeah I mean Trisha look at what you
drive look at the car line I threw
something back on makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guy
state is looking for a new place but you
guys have any successes that let them
know you already start packing oh no
baby this money place man this is huge
dude
Tyler that's what I said about Tyler
