you know all the extra footage I shoot
with you is just sitting on a hard drive
yeah it's called garbage what's up guys
the next little bit of footage you're
going to see is Liza surprising with a
very special gift
I sound really stupid or loopy in it
because three hours before that I got my
wisdom teeth taken how I enjoy video
girls what girls is that Sarah what are
you doing into your life up here
hi baby we're gonna take this off okay
three two I'm nervous
one no way yeah baby another test for
now that's the class I love with you is
oh thank you are you crying if I finish
that course before I do anything else we
shout out to Selby to Selby
before I could do anything be quite a
big crowd big shout out to set up a
great senator Shelby its Andy please go
check out their instagrams doing some
love it's incredible the stuff they do
I'm gonna link in the description below
I don't have noticed that you do a lot I
have new friends over constantly yeah
and you always introduce me to them as
you're cutting oh yeah that's another
thing bein black everyone is your
fucking friends never call you out on it
like you're never like hey that's my
cousin over there and he's like I'm not
your cousin no black people don't do
that we go wherever the homey saying so
I'm always like Amen right there that's
my sister I don't be like yeah nigga
imma stop so this is the movin black
there's so many secretive hurt that
black people don't really talk about a
lot of formative action permanently
tight I'll explain to me out from it
about you know how like with affirmative
action it's like it is not enough black
people working somewhere you have tired
black people yeah I like the same thing
you did for the vlog good me I'm screams
oh I think you oh you look great
you're the one that looks straight no no
I
then you give us I'll be honest if you
happen a couple times yeah let me tell
you some of uh girls right now a lot
there's some girls are very shallow
there are also some girls at rehab
centers but let me get delivered to make
them shallow because have to stay in the
shallow end of the pool to talk to you
hey shut the fuck up and go find your
tribe oh ha ha ha
I got my wisdom teeth taken out today
and I feel like I almost died and it
made me think about how much I
appreciate you guys financially because
there's a really expensive surgery that
leads me to my next question what if I
did pass away how would it affect you
guys yes Todd can I still have sex with
girls
come on yeah ha I'm good thank you how
did you guys do if I die yes Todd really
get you catching somewhere on the lake
like like a really meaningful tattoo
right next to your pointless elephant
that you already have you always like to
you probably idea I was cool you forgot
a Cremona Dante and Jim no meeting yet I
am still alive tell me some qualities
that you do like about me Jesus I know
the real life was don't spit their water
out after a walk through talking Mikayla
makes you like to subscribe tweet in the
act david dobrik and my last vlog
Corinna's merch came out and I was like
Calvin Klein replica a bunch of you guys
said that Calvin Klein was going to have
me take it down and you guys are right
for having me take it down it really
yeah believe it yeah fuck you too
what is it don't move what is that
don't move and follow very follower I
coming back on me oh oh I got me like
here to Alfred my outfit I've ever known
Oh No
