I'm going to warm up a little bit okay
go for it let me hear hola chica : yay
so can you leave your husband for me my
husband outside oh look at these out he
moved it out of clay you give me one can
I get you are at we mostly they're
expensive please I'm only doing this for
you because I
Oh Buddhist dude what if you look like
Alex is the good fucking this is the
most fucking amazing thing I've ever
seen in my life who looks better hey
more todd todd is your husband fellow so
is he jealous yes you come here and you
don't clean you just hang out with this
beautiful man you're like oh I'm gonna
go clean the top tension is any Oh dig
around your chest and then sexier here
Guatemala really like but in Guatemala
they're all hard-working and their bills
in their town only your husband that's a
good save because if he's watching this
you're through so I'm here with Jason
right now Jason's are complaining about
his hair for a really long time we're
going to try to wax all his body hair
all at the same time using only wax
strip this was a hundred percent Jason's
idea I had nothing to do with this I'm
going to help out and I've got this new
idea that I really love that's how you
started today I love this new idea we're
researching the fuck out of you sure I
need a shop in this you're not even
doing anything Scott warm him up real
good
that's not how you warm it up see your
warning at the wrong turn there we go
that's number one you become president
you name it highway after me okay
whatever called highway dramas are
spreading today today today I headed in
Cosi Cosi Cosi like a name a highway
after the dumbest motherfucker I ever
knew seriously it's a hole in the skin
is that way and then rip this way
exactly's murderer this place oh you're
gonna rip it and his old chest is going
to be explosive now we're going to tape
it down down to make it a massive wax
there's all glad I'm not the sorcerer
princess right bring out jason kidd i
still get in the photo right now I need
to see David Dodge
I want to see him fucking killing three
st. has all Jason's hair here we're
going to put it on me okay I'm kidding
oh I didn't know what I was reacting I
knew I was supposed to freak out so the
shaving thing didn't go really well now
we can get the hair off Jason chasse
because apparently it's like kryptonite
we're going back right now to get his
hair wax or so that's what Jason thing
we're doing I told this in a book is an
appointment but that's not what we do oh
you're kidding me you son of a bitch
where the car dealership oh you're going
to wax it on the car dealership no we're
at a car dealership pretty bigger here
to do run me over with a car
better get your car shut up David fuck
off Bob okay we just missed our turn
Arctic crossing lexi fishy like a movie
and there's over half a day so you're
the devil incarnate did you guys Kevin
right now is framing our penis having
you an amazing job it's the best-looking
cock I've ever seen in my life
perfect thank you Kevin Jenner come
visit Kevin here on our Boulevard comes
to high damage today see how here it is
like we've been doing podcast for a
while if you don't know go check them
out it's gonna be linked in the
description below
