yes let's go baby I'm ready to play you
ready to play I actually can't find my
controller the ha ding I'll look for
real quick I'm not there it's not there
my chairs right there yeah I mean I
think we lost it in action I just
accidentally said me in mood and he goes
oh my god delete that Jesus filming a
video my second channel are less than I
see text delete this delete this click
don't read Fletcher's don't really
messages resident is hot hot standing in
front of the mirror like this with all
of that on see on the screen and so if
you end up sending it to me in front of
my mirror I'm texting you back with my
cell it doesn't shy actually prove it ok
do an exit why don't you bake people I
just feel like especially out here in LA
you know it's a lot of shade out here
can't really trust these people you're
the one I cheated on your last
girlfriend I mean that's where the
insecurity comes coupang but if I could
do it she could fucking do what at the
point of dating if you're just gonna
cheat on the person that's why I don't
date sexy just dated someone for four
months but day what happened you choose
I proved myself right is your girlfriend
cheat on you she might have just never
know see some people have the audacity
to tell you some people don't I let her
know you didn't let her know I hide
nothing know your insurer you called me
and you're like dude my girls with other
video my key is a bottle on his head
perfect I try to aim and hit the water
bottle using this football goes nothing
Mike you ready three two fire Oh tell me
about the girl you're hooking up with us
yeah I will but I have a question for
you that's cool yeah I'm so like in
school did you ever like do drugs like
in his lure anything no because you know
this fucking huge what do you mean
you've been an OD big-time so big Nick
was supposed to hook up with a girl and
she was texting that she's really sick
almost hospitalized which sounds like
the lamest excuse my plan of it would
make you should be like oh really well I
know every house yes I didn't get a name
it goes really what hospital you should
go cedars-sinai
what floor the fourth they don't have a
fourth floor what doctors they're like
dr. garbage doctor garbage left a year
ago you like this
I think they feel a little bit gay I
think you're a little bit gay you're
projecting are you rolling your harry's
boring conversation anyway
ha ha ha ha oh my god I'll prove it to
you guys right now girlfriend right come
on here thank you top off then I just
played a game of pool and the loser had
to get his hair wet and vain lost so
it's time to get started I've just seen
40 year old virgin and I remember they
watch it here and it looks fucking
painful and I'm why don't we do your
buttholes I wanted to do your ass 3 2 1
go there we go same channel the god this
is your new murder volume is $4,000 I'll
let you pull one off my leg here it is
and things allowed to have one payback
nice try guys guys yeah okay exhausting
watching Taylor makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
Korea has a big announcement to make
this Friday is she getting March I just
give it away
that's right
