now let's give her back to camera why is
your running the battery low this is
running the battery low
Kylie and Kendall are literally on every
billboard on planet Earth we don't have
to do to have Kendall's legs ratchet on
my face you can probably start with
asking your girlfriend for permission
we're at the Grove right now we're just
walking and someone speaks fagot and all
three of us is turning around like why I
told my friend coward I don't want to go
underwater I wanted to go underwear like
that younger brother where we have to
pretend like he's funny we're in a movie
theater right now and we're gonna try to
sneak in and by sneak in I mean we're
just gonna try to walk through the front
and see if it works this is it this is
the entrance right here I'm just gonna
keep talking to the camera and pretend
like it's gonna work no what I've
learned about you you're the type of guy
to get jealous of Scott's girlfriend
because she's having sex with Scott you
just hear Scott moaning and then all of
a sudden you see Kristin next morning
you're like I can't talk to you forever
had a girlfriend that you hated yeah
like six months ago six months ago
fuck that's the same girlfriend doing
two years ago panting I was pulling
Pepsi cans out of the trash yes why for
money for a brand deal I have no concept
of reality I'm like you are doing
something for Pepsi almost guy caning
you're like oh sweet hook that up for
him you'd give up your kids for YouTube
it was the right move no I wouldn't I
wouldn't give up my kids obviously my
kids are the most important thing for me
and they're I do anything for them
doesn't matter and it's fine to eat
ramen noodles as long as we're all again
this is my friend Nick from my home town
Nick is the biggest car enthusiast I
know on the planet by far and I was
looking for my Tesla's as the guy was
giving me off the recommendation fun
fact about Nick has never driven a Tesla
this is the first time you're driving a
Tesla you excited on my heart smoke
inhalation two one go holy shit
do that all day baby it's mommy Mick
were you at home and just thinking to
yourself David doesn't make fun of me in
now you look like you dipped your head
into a bunch of melted air or something
that you weren't born with disability
all the time now you dye your hair I
make fun of you for that people are like
yo you shouldn't be so mean baby what
the hair comments man I have friends who
dyed their hair I used to support your
videos but you wouldn abling this kind
of behavior is really about dye your
hair blue if alex is gay let's just say
the carpet does match the drapes can we
play the game fire truck fire truck yeah
say red light when you want me to stop
and light fire trucks don't stop at red
light Jesus wow you're real fun at
parties aren't you picnic I'm like a big
dick reveler cookout tonight is the
night at school I'm getting topped off
tonight so I gotta know what time at
home in time how about you come over and
watch me get tapped out in front of you
nobody will be there your house be
fuckin empty all night a blowjob tonight
what's in there imaginary it's Spanish
yeah like she's from Puerto Rico better
on the babe Berto Rico and on fairytale
island series I've been watching Aria
makes you like uh subscribe tweet me at
david dermabrush thinking our fan Jason
a bodybuilding competition this weekend
do you plan on winning
no fucked on the donuts watching the
bodybuilding comfort
look it's dumb and Dumberer
