I got David's camera I know they're in
Todd you're doing cocaine I'll go and
bless those guys right now ha ha I got
you guys
Jesus I got you guys doing cocaine we're
not doing cocaine we're sick ok I know
it's here well here literally what
sitting here talking takes I'm pretty
sure I heard you guys do cocaine in here
we still on cocaine jeez nobody oh I got
my own okay all right just don't do
anything funny because I'll be there to
bust you guys I know their fucking life
see you like a blocks have been getting
to your hydrant even now what's your
favorite part about America oh where did
you even find she cute into scars she
was a drug lord in Guatemala really you
were a drug lord what what the CIA came
in and they busted her so she had no
choice but to come to America under a
different identity I didn't come I knew
how she doesn't know one thing that this
car drives itself so this is kind of
going to be found by cheating no not by
thank goodness you didn't understand me
because then I would have driven away I
said yo Jason
no my father's Katie and me looking into
your eyes I'm not looking at the road
you're a drug lord or Raja bucketed this
is a view it's an amazing night a c-note
ball-like is going Bobby she's mommy
when I just fell out his pockets all
right
are you out chopper horn filbert's log
mr. brandon calvillo basically will kill
himself I began to be here got nothing
to do with David it's just he's got his
own issues that he's trying to work out
surprise five bourbon hanging involved
somewhere else our wood wax museum with
that ugly as a fucking shirt looks like
dirty comics yes threw up on you after
VidCon
the one and only she'll be coming out of
7-eleven very soon right now turn around
right here there is somebody of them
going to the Hollywood know what to go
up and ask for a picture with Kurt up
Lincoln officer head is already way too
fucking big but I would thank you come
on
take a bite of cake we're gonna live it
wrong hadn't I already started drinking
grape links with masculine except
everything was going so great you're
getting along great
oh I said I have to go she said oh yeah
no no don't let me stop you go ahead
ahead in there hey Jason let's go get
drugs in front of you can time to leave
your kid it's time to go get drunk
you're actually I've heard me say that
yes we're jacked right there she's like
this I want to get you look nothing you
were driving this right
maybe he'll make out with the spices
Macallan mt cook americano she said not
to today on The Bachelor look is that a
real giraffe but it's so sad he's in
captivity no they actually live 15 years
longer in captivity than in the while
exactly that's why so sad he could have
been dead by Superdrug I don't know how
this is gonna turn out it's the wrong
way that were here that's why I say
there's optics knocking Maria makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys how did i want to travel
more so comment down below a place you'd
like to see Todd and I and please don't
come in your bedroom because Todd's
probably already been there
ah there you how is your VidCon did you
meet a lot of people not too many don't
why they just like they just walked
right past to buy a pussy God didn't
meet anybody because you just had to
borrow the entire time none of the
people that watch our videos were
allowed to marry so big deal I swear
