that's why didn't know where to find it
because they were hiding the entire time
yes no update on my VidCon situation I
think Dom is trying to have FAC
difficult currents back pocket also
typical it was right here and the pants
are fucking down and I was ready to go
inside the bed and fucking Corinna's
over their life I am tired of Alex I'm
like oh can you leave for 20 minutes
Tony leaves the room bring the fucking
bro that he is bros what come on just
wanted to hang out so I left
how did I keep me here like I was
supposed to fucking assume that one King
fucking dirty Dom came and I had a
fucking drop every we can get the fuck
out anything you're begging at the pen
but fuck you fuck your wheelie wheelie
fuck you fucking gonna literally like
going back and forth basically himself
at this point they try to bullshit me
saying he actually laughed
why we all know you will only lasted
like three minutes
yeah bitch okay I'm approved here
another never cock-blocking I brought me
on your expert yeah but I still finished
I was David done for me he's talked to
ply me with his own penis then still
crying if you didn't get fuckin put the
old man yah so I mean you saw my fuckin
eye where are there tears bad just
because you're incapable of crying
throughout on ya your father quarters
will you just through like 40 water
balloons at my head like mercilessly and
like 80 miles an hour I was like so
familiar holy side you and your dad were
so different world apart and not woman I
realize that same fuckin do your
mother's I know it hurts
follow your father here both force when
it devil's asshole oh ha he gave me no
balloons yeah that's the way to do it
I'm here with my brother Toby this is
first time in the test I'm gonna show
them how best to this he's a critic of
the video so if you're first to go oh
okay and just look look replica ready
mungus long warning what do you mean
she's like we're leaving in the wild
hour I'm usually like the 10 minute guy
10 minutes guys 5 minutes we are ladies
like wow you obviously remember when
Jason's death made out right Italy
that's girlfriend actually ended up
breaking up with them because of that
video of for months this is the
reasoning behind me I know the reasoning
behind it because you knew that you were
making out Kareena yeah you deserve to
be broken up with I didn't know you had
a girlfriend
what was your rebuttal when she broke up
with I was just telling her I was like
but it wasn't a girl
it was a ha ha ha ha ha have you ever
cheated on her before nah yeah yeah that
to kids who could know the abort easy to
have a little fun you know break up with
her sometimes get bored you gotta make
out a 50 year old man right now
hey it's David our to subscribe why is
your name Nicky Instagram cuz that's
what we man did you guys break up
technically and you guys have an open
relationship
no just found that out by the way
Photoshop her name's Nikki heart heart
hey girl
why you relaxed mood Instagram that's
what we meant Instagram I send a change
what's her last name I don't know
Brandon have you ever cheated never seen
a vagina there's my hand and tell me
you're not gonna cheat anymore David I
would never cheat anymore yeah that's
very odd things watching sand makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at David Ober
this hatcher Oh since my family is in
town and my siblings are huge trick and
Josh fan I'm going to have the one and
only Jah coming and surprising but
surprising is enough so he's just going
to try to scare it's going to be a david
surprise which means people will call
right there okay well okay so the thing
is I've kind of been wanting to show you
guys something
just drink it Josh
how many lappers baby
David's parents look at him like they
may never see him it's like as I was
leaving they were like Jose Jose watch
party there's this guy up here that's
wearing my merch so he go surprise her I
love the merch good posture my god
