we've been friends for three years right
and look at you now bro how many
subscribers you have enough for horses
and I fucking knew every step of the way
you would get there but I'm so proud of
you man I just wanted to say thanks for
having me along on this amazing Reverend
David you're just a fucking amazing man
and I'm really drunk are fucking I'm
tweeting on to our stream can tomorrow
you're 18 plus $500 I'll be having a
hotel meet-and-greet winky face bars the
day Mars the day we all go to prison
who's driving you to VidCon David don't
break egami
can you drive up dirty down my car pop
fucking tired about it yeah did you
slash your own tire yeah pretend this is
a hotel room Alex just gave you five
hundred dollars you really wanted to
meet you now it happens go given me fuck
this I came from me the people come for
them Ingrid in there with their parents
over there and yeah reach 150 for the
pair everyone's talking shit taken like
y'all there would be so many girls above
and excite yeah no ugly chick this year
nobody's getting laid in this car at all
maybe Don Gately Nick you're going to be
in the fucking hotel room with me at
10:15 watching scandal on ABC we like
maybe rubbing his dick to Kerry
Washington to a fuckin front on drama
right now to tell you a couple classier
big nickel sheep ridiculous six-foot duh
yeah okay that doesn't in today she's an
Olympic shotput medalist oh my god her
look of a sign oh you fucking piece of
shit blogging I should do did you know
that shit's funny you're walking there
and you're like what's up dog what's up
chocolate shop Larry finally at some
stage
me what's your question I'll have to pay
you not to make out your mom one more
times I don't let you sit down over a
vegan happy I shout out your you champ
you'll hole your mama well don't we
should you put it like that everyone go
subscribe right on through a mom come
here he's gonna make LJ's and one more
time I'm getting a shout out David Doris
channel do it mom how do you feel about
your son basically selling you off
remember the guy with the Lamborghini at
the car show not for another story
face is ready once it is no talk no time
today my mother are you okay with that
no no I just think can we do this one
more time I wanna watch it again I want
to say your mom's like really awesome
then it was really great that she did
that I never saw a really young
government gonna stop trying to kick off
stop fuck oh I'm not into this anymore
turning give him a break will you tell
me you welcome adjacent without kissing
a man died inside now I don't want them
stopped fuck no no that's what the hell
were you doing in the shower for three
hours what was going on you do look a
little whiter I will be honest thank you
not thank you wait you didn't shower I
did shout were you masturbating Natalie
tell me what I was doing in the shower
he was master destiny say myself oh my
god you're pretty look how long you're
masturbating - our water is free so you
got an F
that woke up with Cody's girlfriend side
of them come on I need a real man you
may go that's various a lot of things
watching grace makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
officially for the first day of it
condom did not make any money but
fortunately for me I still got laid yeah
it's going on right now
