he's 100% drunk Jason you were driving
recklessly so that's why Jason I pulled
you over you're under arrest Nathan is
that okay what have you had to drink
tonight
Oh what do we have it what is the hell
awesome
what's your goal at VidCon is here hold
this on is simply by letting you come
first of all I'm going to be coming a
lot into tell me and Alec you're going
to be boys we're gonna talk in flame to
non in the role of your like how do you
mean other quarries you like cuz we got
to be wearing jumpsuits in court Dom's
fucking girls well I'm at the desk we're
in fucking glasses like looking through
all their IDs and shit VidCon what's one
youtuber you want to hook up with oh
this is girl Liza coaches hahahaha you
have to hook up with a girl who drew up
a bit about Alyssa violet Alyssa violet
what's our VidCon I would be coming for
you I want to be drunk you're going to
be drunk with consensual don't worry
I'll help you out
elissabat if you're watching this run
they're from Armenia so you've probably
never seen an American bedroom before oh
these fucking shoes no row
let me measure how many girls you could
have on video two three four five six
get so many girls okay seven one on top
and the last parts my movie theater room
well can we watch Wonder Woman here if
you don't have it my friend Giga she has
it two copies okay can you get dogs
purpose told spiritus yeah one or two
you didn't know there was a sequel Babu
Snow's not coming out to 2019 coming out
to tonight David Oh Berta I wish your
married man are the world's tiniest
handcuff that's a joke
me buying this house makes you want to
be with me longer yeah it makes the
Potter really yeah it's ending with the
Tesla like you keep buying things I got
keep questioning our relationship and
then you buy something else I'm like
what do I have to buy a nice for you to
love me longer
house for me please love this guy a big
Nick Jess and I were thinking and we
want to surprise you with the trip to
Las Vegas banana glad van before there
is a catches a
Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey
Circus there and there's a con
okay I'm not I'm not trying to fuckin
tonight don't you wanna be when you grow
up this YouTube thing doesn't work out
let's not
I would think everyone of you honestly
not a disappointment
oh that's gonna be tough I should work
at Subway you'd be really going to make
it for long
hi welcome to subway would you like a
footlong for my foot why look up with
some of those dead inside already having
my little population villain success you
ever work with someone that's been
married for ten years we know you work
really hard so we want to thank you for
a smoothie y'all yeah you're gonna come
with us Vicky we're going to LA you ever
been in a pencil before so cheeky have
you ever been in a fast car sir yeah you
want to go fast you do three two I have
to get in the car for this you're taking
Molly for me me okay
fifty that's code word for acid right no
my mom hears I can change the colors to
watch changing the color to red of crude
of the horn haha thanks to call it a
green if big Nick is a douchebag yeah
can you color red if I'm gonna be a
millionaire one day disgusting Abby
makes you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik where's the good looking
the other night I brought a girl over
and she said that Scott was
better-looking than Todd
she said that Scott was better-looking
than time he has got to stop bringing up
her drunk girls
down crazy diamond
I'm leaving though I don't want you to
having sex on my bed again not gonna I
know that's why you come back you always
come back when I'm about to leave the
house Dom gets super sweaty so I have
this moist detector on my bed
it'll be handled on where did you
compromise you know you are here having
sex in your bed you should all March is
24 South music called clickbait
