what's something about me that really
make you happy happy pip2 your perfect
drink was coming over right now this is
first time seeing my brand new house
well David you really did it thank you
dude I really appreciate fucked all of
us over in a major way you know what
David looking out here it really really
makes you think
isn't it awesome that is amazing what
kind of world we live in that a dumb
cunt 20 year old can live here thank God
you bought this two million dollar house
because I know you had it so tough
editing in license two million dollars
you fake laugh so much when you talk to
other people I like it like it you fake
laugh like a mother trucker
I believe mine when I laugh at your fake
laugh I didn't find it funny one day no
Varennes coming by right now and
apparently she died all her hair pink
sugar that you were going to rehab
clinic you're like you belong in hurry
up exactly she belongs in a rehab clinic
that's hot awesome so sad I think that's
good for you what do you mean I you have
to work hard like a month ago Curt ago
what would you pay me to dye my hair
pink look at has it been like this crazy
thing that she'd never do left forward a
month later hi I was gonna come to me
like tomorrow you'd be like how much has
shaved my head I'm assuming that I'll
just wait a mom is also remember know
what nothing's changed and I'm trying to
find out who you look like
I know I notice you look like loose
asshole who's Luke asshole yeah probably
what do you think of Korean his hair
Riley Jenkins okay time to go let's go
guys try how do you feel with Kareena
looking like that musn't knowing cause
she's like way hotter than me it's like
Bruce do you agree with that look right
your mom likes me right yeah because you
fucking created me why would she not
like my boss you know for the smallest
little biker on planet Earth
new houses great I'm really glad that
your fucking dork jokes could buy you
this house open up the floor Joe Caronna
you did that one to yourself big Nick
was born with highly evolved are the
other day don't come easily
yo man is life as a black I'm like no
he's like ah shit just let Nick you got
to stop taking accident coming over
maybe you said you left for over three
hours ago since today was Father's Day
and you have to send out a bunch of time
you forgot eggs our own den have your
father's baby because it just felt so
arrived like you know what my dad can
sit it out this year why did you shave
all your hair off so there was something
new dude it's almost time for something
new as you and current have a meeting
about wanting more attention fresh in my
nuts the other night when I was drunk
you should you can happen here draw more
attention no one sees you're not I do
detective I also thought Mexico from
whatever Bank scholars it's true yes
sure I think my girlfriend wanted to
bank Todd and I found out it was true
cuz she begged him girl friends used to
be wrestlers right yeah do people call
you gay
yeah Wow when the country's restless cuz
we can make out what's up guys I sold
David's camera and I'm going to surprise
them today with a brand new phone case I
even want one of these for a really long
time and in typical David fashion I'm
gonna have to blindfold alright so with
the phone case right here and I'm going
to put this bow on top of it I don't
want to do okay come on man now you can
see all the time I doubt it come on
you're fine here but I'm sorry for
everything I've done I don't want to do
god it's really windy out here I hope
the sound is okay you're about to sit
right over here it's right here you're
gonna love it you're gonna like bullshit
with the wind the wind we're way too and
all that the boys taking about no no no
no no
that's very toxic nothing breathe if you
like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys the big thank you for the
constant support you got to show me
without you none of this would be
possible but most importantly my big
thank you goes out to all my friends who
I love and I get to share the moment
with you thank you and I really
appreciated can you get otherwise please
topics I love you out
may we go
ah
me
No
sometimes a bit quick shoutout to these
two guys for letting me borrow the audio
I write for the day I'm going to make a
channel in description so please go give
him some love the floor is lava
