guys they're kicking us out of this
apartment we need to find new apartment
Alex is concerned why are you concerned
we're gonna be on the street Bailey's
gonna start sucking dick for crack
well better Bailey than Tom why don't we
all move in with your honest family alex
is like I'd rather just suck dick for
crack
we released Jonah's purse yesterday I
mean like 2.6 million people saw the
foie gras I don't know how nine people
bought the shirt so if you bought a
shirt congratulations you're a really
tight-knit community of nine people now
when we released Jonah merch we're only
gonna have ten available
what are you gonna do with the sales
continue to plummet waiting mean getting
bad time I think means doing tax came
out good news dinner's on me the sales
are play I turn the camera off and I
check to see if I was like actually
correct about nine shirts good news I
was incorrect
she actually sold seven shirts then
living by yourself what are the perks
walk around naked you just have any way
you can now masturbate anywhere in the
kitchen in the kitchen well not you
actually to do that to is in kind of
didn't mind wanting one wheel for a
while so we have the chance for you to
win one Wyatt hits three shots just to
kill his dad he wins the one wheel it's
$1,000 he's been really wanting in three
two one
three two one three two one are you
ready three two one fire dude you missed
like really bad now and hopefully you
were doing it on purpose what's up guys
so John has been timing that his mom's
really been wanting a Nintendo switch so
I went out and I got a Nintendo switch
for her but before I give it to her me
surprise her with the tarantula it's
only fair yeah yeah you're gonna lay
down a blindfold you can't touch it you
can't use your hands you just have to
feel it out you're gonna guess what it
is so we're putting it on a new player
go ahead and look and find little bit a
surprise we got you something the
tarantula
surprise I'll show you the real surprise
did you even hear me Jonah told me that
you really wanted this so I got you
something surprise it's a Nintendo see
Elizabeth makes you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
to add table you soon
what is this that's the emergency get in
if you lose your key door if you lose
your key door yeah you're back on crack
aren't you yeah
