stop signs get David your meetings
really coming along this one up here
no parking David real good honest why
don't I try this one right here uh
Corinne Corinne uh for those of you who
don't know doc took a random trip to
Alaska what you doing on a schedule for
today
your party to Alaska there's girls in a
bathtub bathtub they're naked and they
were just showing the bathtub Bombo I
don't like like bubbles right you're
friends with my nickname when I was the
last time use a condom
oh there's no STDs in Alaska who told
you that we saw up there girl told me
that before the vehicle denied okay so
there's one girl gently on one guy
there's me getting dance songs another
girl dancing are you kidding me it's
just a bus full of girls looking for
their bad sticky is it true that you're
in love with Taub you all can was her
dog yes
Davidson what did chicky say about Todd
the other day he said I spend extra time
when todrick's ad so your husband he
doesn't like Todd I'm a husband no I
mean II was but no husband when she
finds out about the affair with Todd
there so what's up guys today I'm
pulling a prank on sess and they have
the potential of being one of my
favorite pranks I've ever done so alex
has a scary old man maps that he's been
using to scare people for a while now
I'm gonna convince ass that he needs to
make out with Carina while she's wearing
that old man man better you okay with
making out for enemies Karina's gonna
come out of my room before she has a
mask on and she's going to show me how
weird she looks in her outfit I'm going
to tell her that it does look weird and
I need to go and add some more padding
to make her look more like an old man I
got a footpad and you look kind of dumb
but instead of corner of the room and
adding more padding Carina is going to
hop out of the outfit and have Jason put
it on accessories
switching which is like important I've
been without any hesitation I'm gonna
have Jason come out wearing the old man
Matt and try to make out oh oh my god oh
my god oh my holy shit it's kind of lame
oh fucking gross
I'll be honest with you I never kissed
anyone like that before that is some
good shit on the mouth it's a fucking
tongue guard Maui oh yeah bro dude
Congress cool Dewar's what I was like
really flat ass you make sure I thought
was a good kisser honestly I was like
okay you're fucking tear for all the
dudes you kids you're fucking terrible
Wow my eyes on saying life is over what
is your family's going to sound even
know about a family anymore you to move
in here now I just start harboring
people that have lost their lives due to
the laws it just kept going and going
he's going and it was like the tongue
and the tongue I'm gonna dredge her body
and yeah yeah I was like dude fucking
call this shit I was I'm and there but
I'm like that that baby's like no let me
finish throw to you
Karuna I didn't know you have a penis
that's exhausting Carmen makes you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys in my last hour I said sad is now
single
unfortunately that is just not the case
he's in a happy relationship I love it
apologies you for what you are delight
to my girlfriend what's her name's
camera
I surprised you guys one day with a time
machine where would you take the time
machine and why take it in the future
David and the future here's old super
famous multiple wives Wow David said a
time machine not a magic wand what are
you doing now
hey once you go black you never go back
