Oh sack your pillows like that make it
feel like I'm sleeping next to a body ha
ha ha good night
there's my baby you're so cute that's
adorable huh she just landed in Miami we
made a new fry money sure dollar sighs
now I got fucking bitch heavy please
don't cover that what club at Club 8 you
held up a finger not the Sham please
don't come that way sighs I'll be rich
chicken food you're gonna shit don't be
mad from you all right no please Malcolm
shout Meg putting my shit don't be a
pussy bro I like him watch another
Lizzie Bruin
what do you do for a living you seem
like you got a lot of money bro matera
shake the fuck on go fuck family could
be a fucking puzzle this is the guy that
you are talking today that he's gonna be
so rich one day he's gonna hire someone
to call me pussy all day
I'm trying your fucking pleasure I don't
know how Miami is the most cliched place
on earth but yours I am ia mother were
you assigned with our hotel room are you
like Oh welcome to Miami
what did you have to drink tonight
all right ma I can't even say that what
can I say more you can say whatever your
nigga
my bunny over here we're good back okay
thank you thank you I'm gonna get you
through the party perfer thank you have
fun and enjoy your day my gosh yeah
that's good shit for Jason anymore to
smoke but he's just like ah that's a
good joke I'm gonna do it
it was laced with something you take him
there'll I have first time doing heroin
I'm like my friend on the hood of that
as we were pulling up big you know don't
they're not going to give it back as if
it's happened multiple times to her
where someone on the highway a super hit
of a joint and driven home maybe we've
done this before are you doing this they
never fucking give it back one time I
was doing cocaine and we were in a van
we put it all right here on cooking in
there's one kind of back
if I turn the fucking car on a condition
adjust mr. our clown is like I can be a
bum romantic like Kristen and I are in
Miami right now and I've been emailing
this mother who has a daughter who
supposedly is a huge fan of the block
she's bought the merch and everything
her name is Tatiana and her birthday is
today we're taking this recipe bra we
wanted people that was I feel David Ryan
that David yeah I heard that he would
actually do something without Liza Oh
Jason you talking crazy you hear about
Corinna what do you say let me just I'll
change the Alex is like your big toe oh
I wish that I could stop hearing the
jokes that I
and I'm the girl don't watch sandy beg
Naomi cool Islam like a fuckers come in
our bedroom right now go ahead and fuck
a girl in my bed if you want I will be
fucking anyone for wha that's right
vodka tonic Madison you should like and
subscribe tweet yet david dobrik guys
hat is officially single which means the
ladies are gonna be lining that
overnight yes they are
I don't think so that is a really hard
time admitting that he's really
good-looking because I'm not yes you are
and mixing your good luck oh I can't
come on okay I'm really really good luck
thank you you won't you can see the
douche
they gave me two
it's that kind of weight it's a kind of
way that's like if you not know you say
baby I could see your handle boom
plane won't fade away my brothers right
