now popular well it's got a new mask and
it makes them look like the most
terrified person on the planet but is
the most terrifying and now we're gonna
take Alex in the mask and we're gonna
scare our friends to them thinking that
someone's breaking into their house
Ryan's coming over right now and he left
his car here parked overnight alex is
gonna pretend he's an angry neighbor and
he's gonna come confront Brandon that
was my spot yeah that wasn't me I'm
sorry miss you yeah we don't want to
call security but we're recording this
just in case you need to leave children
I parked my car
police are coming what do you want oh
yeah let me answer your question we just
found out veins coming over so we're
gonna do it all over
Jason swear your fucking pranks there
give me the phone yes sir there's a
scary-ass fuckin foreal okay I'm sorry
it was a are you serious yeah it was a
prank okay bye that didn't work they
ended up actually calling the police
vane was on the phone with the police
for like 15 seconds and I didn't know
whether or not to keep the bit going and
had the actual cops show up at the house
I was almost willing to have same
complete the phone call I just have
police show up we figured that we messed
it up with Zane because Zane started
calling the police so this time Matt
King is coming over and Jason's gonna
call the police which is really Bruce on
the upper lock we're gonna hand the
so-called police over to Matt so we can
talk to the fake police and tell them
what's going on anybody see his face
there's a bald and a man who was in the
front wall I'm not a resident at this
but no he's outside that he was also
using our backyard
to me Gallup makes you like his
prescribed tweet me at David Ober you
guys asked for them so I got david
dobrik fidget spinners baby
fuck this dude is by one fucking stab
with it using stock
