I'm at live displays right now I'm going
to surprise her she hasn't oh gosh sorry
I just won't be able to make it dude
yeah let's go today are honorable well
how did it go
what's 30,000 a tional antha with a
national flag in a bath this is our
College really the way media can we
borrow $40
everyone is here drinking right now so I
have a bunch of empty Corona and I'm a
replacement low with canola oil 3 2 1 go
what the fuck is a canola 3 2 1 go 3 2 1
go fuck you I was loving the Borah now
and I just ruined everything but if
you're going down 3 2 1 go 3 2 1 go it's
not that bad just like its kind of
smooth it's like I feel like I'm
exploiting ya ready go oh my god that's
me already you fall for a dryer I love
Corona did you go to college yeah I went
on the new GI Bill what's the Giro you
can you only use like a few words as a
cat dog what a kitten look at knees and
what two ways are you guys similar well
you know I get a lot of pussy and a big
Nick yeah he came out of a pussy who do
you think will get more girls based on
just their personality come on Todd like
I hate personality
I could never win I think I feel like
you think I make fun of you too much
like Todd I make fun of you to me for my
hair yeah I'm a part of terror oh it
makes fun of your hair because you
didn't gel it correctly are you punking
hairspray it it made fun of me for a
fucking book in this year ago any more
bitches Eddie still talks about you have
you do oh fuck Atlanta - OH - a Aven I
just got a text from Alex someone
punched dirty Dom in my face I'm one
happy I was talking to this girl and I
made out for in the shadow boy did you
know she had a boyfriend no but I found
out pretty soon what didn't you do what
are you say like it's just my
girlfriend's mine weren't you friend I'm
lying yes she was a good kisser and then
you punch me but I'm not so bad you got
ice that ice right here
no you really got ice the guys outside
beat me up don't open dorm you get down
what lesson did you want hook up with
people's girlfriends in a private
setting on the ride home right now
what's a population-wise the come in
here and look at God who looks like an
idiot my god what happened
I'm chill dude stop winking at my
girlfriend how many times did he hate
you they would watch at once I know I
look a choice before I pass down you
hear me 16 more times
oh my God look police officer did you
throw hooking up with some of the
girlfriend ah
I'm injecting this bit with the guys
nobody's like oh shit okay wait before
you punch me Nevada cannot finish its
objects watching Eric makes you like you
to try treat me at david dobrik any word
of advice you have to the youth out
there um yeah
don't kiss girls with boyfriends good
idea I went there hot and had big bud
oh you're not John do you think your mom
taught me I think she's like you know
beautiful lady are kind of chemistry
it's like a serious thing University my
mom I'm not gonna be like bitch she's
fucking hot okay so let's say you want
about it much okay Tom do you think your
mom's ha
she's fucking ha okay Josh your porn
would work with you what stepsister
great yeah maybe
