coming with every student statue ever
seen it David he's for me you know it's
man here great man his name is liudmila
he come in and he destroyed all the
dealings in here and build the big
skyscrapers and that's not the only
thing he destroyed what do you mean
Carmelita's pussy is what I pad is
asleep right now on the couch Scott and
I thought of a really funny idea oiling
water right now Scott completed on
Coldwater everyone if you exercise I
caught it I think you did we just wanted
to prank you guys instead of us always
pranking our pal I'm gonna be honest
with you you arguably one of the biggest
Nickelodeon stars on this vlog yeah on
this vlog for sure people know that's
what Jace and I are here to deliver we
want to give more I'm not following we
hired someone on hey man hey Don
probably a minute hey booboo it
spongebob
no no no that's right my problem it
collodion the audition today and he
killed SpongeBob's pineapple was crushed
and a big earthquake underwater needs a
place to stay in return he's gonna be in
my vlogs why are you doing this
Patrick's on his way it's r200
Patrick's on his way oh yeah oh good
well maybe I'll call my boy Dre and
we'll have a discussion I love it maybe
he knows that you got a bad reputation
spongebob why we forget this Josh talk
and just show you what a good time we
have here at the vlog
oh my dad yeah I drink too much dress
what's my thing I do not do too much
alcohol just yeah 12:30 a.m. on Sunday
Alex just called me totally dumped
having sex in my room is not from one
side of it are you doing in my bed yeah
get out on the other border get up and
get up right now you have a boner you're
not the only one I talked about not
having sex in my bed get up right now I
thought it'd be a good story for the
world
rocks are my cover I sleep here look at
that that is disgusting doc we said no
sex in my room okay and what did you do
does that a second girl what do i do
again what do I do
okay we should put him down why don't
you effect in the living room or on the
fucking balcony oh shit I just wanted it
to be a good story in a good story well
Michael so what's an Alice your shorty
award damn it we're gonna do it with Vic
sorry Stace are you fucking cock love
those middle guys you came quicker time
before you put your tile I'm in the
living room having sex please don't come
out there well that's I'd be more fun
for me to have sex in your bed and you
might catch me think the thrill you got
turned out by me catching you look I
can't come my cake always that gave it
Oh Alex and why didn't you pick him out
you can't download he was at say
Samantha no but that was what did Dom
tell you how did you convince he's going
to my room do you think he was okay he's
fine he first he took me in and I'm like
this is your room what if she tells us
sounds like I'm fucking telling them a
little Snickers called me like yo Dom's
having sex either I turned my car around
and I went Condor gamma highway like we
have an hour I'm like you coming back
I blocked exciting Alexa if you liked it
subscribe treat me at david dobrik i
just got back from Thailand probably a
place you could never win or lose what
not explain the joke
hey-oh because because you always tie Oh
side of my personal blog with buzz boxes
plus if I'm spun we get three million
feels feel 40 minutes
