here is gonna go to the best debate
trick let's see it big yeah please be
honest with me right now what is with
that pink hair now it's time for change
new man new me you work a deal with the
devil where you have to look like a
dumbass I feel like you dye your hair
pink because you want to go think that
you're crazy you don't have to dye your
hair pink for the things I love that
you're going for the shock factor I
think for your next video I really shock
people maybe should make a video of you
taking a shower so guys the next little
bit of footage you're going to see is
what I filmed back in Vernon Hills my
hometown one of our friends Mike was out
drinking for a really long time so we
decided to tape our other friend EEMA
onto the ceiling of his room and this is
what happens we come here to give up
I came here to give up all my dollars
$85 and I'm not doing this okay oh my
god it's going great why I chose like to
be your butter to a dozen it was so
skinny but your red carpet-ready been
reality it up takes a lot of balls
it was your birthday recently right yeah
I got you something three two one
surprise I saw your car outside sound
like some old man didn't tell me
conniving you okay Matthew like that
apologize oh shit at night everybody
calm the fuck down go away from me Lord
and up give me the number black giant
box around my boys right there is no
pole baby sure yeah well you're gonna
make it look like a someone okay and
sick I never got a quick recap look at
all these scars this is your discard the
rock you Nick thank you for your service
another vlog Jesus Christ what is that
day
$150,000 Lamborghini Maduro celebrity
would go this is awesome Jason you do me
a little favor
okay okay me some kids in elementary
school right and they torture me every
single day I wanna cruise by there right
now and show them this man drives a
Lamborghini okay yeah yeah come on over
here now to tell you guys something I
remember me from the neighborhood Jason
I don't know if it's a good day they
don't ruin my moment she got caught
right there that's $150,000 man I would
have stuffed me in a locker when I was
younger I don't forget that stuff and I
say something yeah it's the same
elementary school you went to
yeah but he's a completely different
kids Jason these kids still go to
elementary school oh my god right now
I'm going to shoot a Q&A with my old
high school teacher for my second
channel if you haven't seen a video yet
here's a little bonus question what are
some things that really pissed you off
about me what is something I like okay
it's just crossing line this isn't funny
this isn't fun I'm tired of you always
walk that line I don't remember a single
time where you went past it I was always
laughing and I never could tell you to
stop because it was always cracking me
up there was one time I think you came
to discipline me in the hallway like you
kick me out and you can't pin like you
wanted like yelling did you start
cracking up know exactly because I
needed to show the
a class that I was like serious about it
but you couldn't get rid of it anywhere
and then we got that as like come on
like give me something to work really
we're going to go back in there ready
first time like I just yells you're all
about making money then why don't you
sell your sperm to a sperm bank I'm sure
there's a lesbian couple out there that
would love to have your children we try
to like get with the two lesbians
delivery lesbians on the sperm factory
their sperm bank buy their sperm ATM
what are the requirements of being a
sperm donor it says you have to have a
high school degree or better
dammit I'm like what does it say about
YouTube subscribers how the drivers and
here's my guarantee
mas farm doesn't get you pregnant I'll
have sex with you again that's very
logic doesn't valid if you like to
subscribe freak me out David over Kate
Scott why don't you take the Lamborghini
out for really and don't crash it now it
is no precious I'm crashing 200 we might
did you get Harry
