trojan altar of ecstasy or the ecstasy
condo yeah I gotta get this right now
this is what we were talking about yeah
good night baby we're okay
you guys haven't seen it yet I'm sure
you guys a gift I got for Scott I made
something firm they're like welcoming
huh oh no you did oh my child
dude don't ever do that to fucking
murder you I'm sure Scott sitting here
with Kristin just like fucking Ellie no
I stay hard
no wonder Walker's in your room when a
girl comes over she's like wow that's
hot she comes over says you look really
handsome in this fuck you bigger
Whitey's sheet you're looking sopping
wet it's not a sexy than heaven because
this new painting David I'm finally
getting laid again specifically two
scotches Chris take advantage of the
backhoe ages are going to see what have
you think they'll kill me not on things
I did second the math doctor it's like
when Crispin is honorable Jeff oh oh my
god I brought the leeches over were you
guys the OHS we don't really agrees with
the psyche so the only direction on some
lucky toads intensive that's missing
it's like big nickel be sitting next to
me they'll just look at me and really
cloud of that just knew in order for
quite a bit some bling yeah Mason do but
they all figure out a way to get into my
life that's how you screwed me your
friend group other than you is everyone
I've ever wanted to ignore is an iron
Brendan House Illinois my home town I
don't know how I could convince either
come with me I don't know how I don't
have a better life the reason Jason
comes with me on these trips is because
that picture is taken by Jason a ticket
to Syria and he'll be like okay
my high school is the most white
privilege school I've ever seen in my
life
in order to hear the John Mayer blasting
through the speakers in the hallway you
walk in there's an Abercrombie store
right on the right ok kids we've got
some performers for your winter dance
and we know how much you love rap and
hip hop so we brought the best rapper
ever
McLemore huger announcement almost like
there's some 47 year old ladies looking
to have some fun no no we were the
Cougar that's our mascot mascot is a 47
year old lady we looked at my high
schooler there for a record of five
minutes he was trying to record some
videos of his teacher and then all of a
sudden security came up nearly David I
do not just like you please just leave
do it I've got 50 kids in the parking
lot spray-painting a car we're like
what's so funny here is walking talk
there's someone on someone's home and
right by the front of school someone's
cards come flying by and someone's
sitting on the hood of the car and I'm
like okay we're leaving
how does a kid on the hood just going
and then all these other security guards
came with a heavy Chicago accent
they're murdering each other out there
David you need to go and took it
throwing Molotov cocktails into the
science room babe I know are there some
others over so still you can't do it you
just can't shoot with your mouth so
fucking small oh look Rena and I ever
gonna have a big mouth like yours I
really got a good personality
gah Oh David I mean I'm about to shit on
you tonight no I'm saying getting game
okay raise your hands honestly do what I
call the protective tape I think they're
here for you Nathan they're here to pick
up your contract
hey little David hold on a second here
pick up your happy fucking joke okay
what our didn't work for you the red
Leicester days off exhaustion Andy but
you like to subscribe to reach me at
david dobrik guys he was pretty drunk so
he's going to show me don't date rape
you go for both of them
I'm pretty impressed what is it going to
be
look it's waters room temperature oh
here's your VIP Oh check it back
that's that Bernie demise oh the dogs
running right now say David funny bit in
all but don't forgot my shit over m'yha
welcome back to the end of the vlog make
sure you go check out our new podcast
can be linked in the description Jason I
talked about deep stuff like his Buffalo
Justin oh those in the pocket oh it is
yeah good why do long people know more
about that okay
