chicken strips are good with buffalo
sauce and ranch nut ketchup no with
catch up with something disgust no one
wants to smoke weed down it's disgusting
I don't know if you guys put your
business email on your Instagram but I
do and there's been people reaching out
to me about you guys really know for
this week what are you guys doing this
week we kind of make some records man
what we're about to make some records
income like last week how much you make
all right like a hundred bucks on box
all right what about this week's this
yeah it's helped I'll take care of this
all right guys I was thinking into this
movie Peter now for like six months but
I've been dying to get Josh to let's see
if it'll work he's my favorite drinking
Josh here we go oh we're trying to speak
in I'm so goddamn disappointing watch
the body this is Josh pass no I know I
mean anyway you can't let us say in all
these movies he dedicated his childhood
to entertain all of us kids and this is
how we're gonna repay them it's a cruel
world
well we apologize for wasting your time
I know it's kind of a job it's a for
african-american and they're attractive
or not notice how every african-american
is attractive but there when you get to
the caucasian caucasian it's a CP for
cute personality
my dad's from Mexico so I'm Mexican a
lot of people saying I'm not a good shot
fuck you I don't even think I'm gonna
take that can that yes I'm gonna put it
on top of your knee and I'm gonna try to
shoot it off with a paintball gun
I think it'd be fun thinks that if you
eat the grapes before you go to check
out free all of a sudden you see Dom
grilling the snakes see what you wanted
to say what did I want to say my friend
wants to fight you guys no I don't yeah
that's what he said Jason will now
perform your armenian national anthem no
more for you
only tonight your tummy for the
Armenians watching this I'm not gonna be
offended at all cuz that was real no not
at all everything other than Armenia for
17 years when your wife gets pregnant
someone's got to film it can I be in the
delivery room
where's Rekha no not at my wedding you
want Josh to send something to your
sister yes we love that never not
working Madison we should like to
subscribe tweet me at David dies he
hasn't been in the vlogs in a while so
here he is back in that you a waffle
you don't know about that next level
xuxa is just a bracelet Oh me yeah see
you around call me cutie did y'all see
that you ever wrote a book what would it
be called have we called hug me hugging
when all I ever wanted to do is talk dot
that dot anyone
