but make it true that you want to start
doing inspirational speeches around the
world yeah can I be your opening mic I
can I open the show free come on be like
yo my main man about to come out here
and do some inspirational shit for y'all
but first here's motherfucking Jason
take to a wall
Maya what's up guys if you watch my
vlogs you know that a couple days ago
this and after that was all said and
done we actually tore off Jason from the
wall and we ended up tearing paint off
the wall as well Scott and Kristen the
two people that actually live in that
room were pretty pissed and told me to
repaint the wall so I decided while
they're on their trip to Thailand
I'm gonna go repaint their wall and
Surprise them when they get and to help
me repaint the wall I hired two artist
friends named Terry and Bob before I
continue the video I'm gonna link Terry
and Bob in the description go check out
all their stuff buy all their paintings
just throw money at them do something
this is a lot of um something they love
just getting back to trying to meet
Chris and happy like don't worry baby
you'll never know if you want me to do
this at your place - just let me know
I'll come by
oh my god that's fucking awful baby
you're the worst person ever
it took up seven hours to do this we're
shaking just like come home really late
exhausted and they go to bed at night
and not see they're gonna be fucking
Scott just gonna look at the wand think
of you yeah that's what you wanted so
Scott secretly turns Gayle Samson my
head is the size of your body
why don't you make your teeth yellow oh
come on this is one of my one of my
really yeah okay good good my mouth
opens up in rats come on three two one
oh my god oh my god are you doing what
do you know recently I taped Jason to
the wall and I thought that was a really
bad thing and I was me and just ruined
your wall so since you guys have been
gone ivory panda wall I'm gonna see a
new get your morning routines to be like
you - what do you think I'd be doing no
idea cuz you don't make sense normally
you blindfold your baby now I'm just
gonna wheel you in don't worry about it
there's scorpion on your chest like
Scott had a normal job or what he be
I'll give you a hero director he do from
director a while he's prepping the dead
body she just be like oh by the by I ten
years old that's up from a bone
condition called dwarfism I've never let
that stop me doing what I wanted to do
in pursuing my dream maybe you can use
this message to tell you guys ever
if I'm telling you right now suck it it
can't be on everyone that's true thought
because watching Marty makes you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
zayn coming on me with this outdraw
ah
yo talk some shit about David right now
Jason I'm gonna surprise him with this
painting and then right afterwards I
have one more surprise for I figured
that they're really gonna miss the
original art piece so we did it again
