you'll can show you something on a
surprise Alex with this but which is
real bunny what is real bunny are you
Bill Bailey a ho what's wrong with you
and the last vlog I was trying to go
selectively what a fad what's going on
who who is that exact this is lies a new
place isn't that great yeah it's cool
it's huge isn't it here come on I'll
give you a tour stand down you're going
to push this forward see that it's cool
hot Jay I'm controlling you're using
this remote oh it's not your mind jet
jet it's me with the remote let it go
forward I'll push fall there we go
you're going going
I'm control you like it and here we have
a bunch of different snacks you can
treat this cereal no that one's advil
you don't want to eat yeah they're not
skittle ISTE they don't take that yeah
they don't take anything like skittles
you all hot ok ok the water it's fine
it's advil it shouldn't burn anyway but
this will definitely help yeah that's
not how you drink water but come this
way my cars here but we got to hurry up
ok no goofing around
oh I forgot to tell you I was gonna open
the door and get in the car it's gonna
be your first time driving what are you
doing yeah that's not the way to hop
inside a car it grabs a wheel to control
the car not that's not even a wheel in
any large as you're driving make sure
you're looking at your surroundings so
you're not going to hit anything ok
that's the most important part no jet
you don't want to do it while you're
driving your hands on the wheel
jet put your hands on no put your hands
up away well how much money did your
little chain cost this is $100 hundred
are you serious really yeah no it was
real $500 I talked to the guy who made
yeah well I do feel the Rio that's what
I can't hear the haters because of the
ice it froze my eardrums is water it's
room temperature I can't stand it oh
thanks dirty done for the ice they're
reading some of my comments one of you
guys suggested something that was really
funny you guys really wanted Jason to go
door-to-door and tell our neighbors that
he's just offender this may be an awful
idea but we so know yeah I just wanted
to savor it and then worried the people
going to be like oh yes Exeter yeah we
did your secretary Jason wanted to do
this so he can warm up for the actual
time high-range can I just moved into
the neighborhood yeah I love that
increment it's also really
very cool yeah is it going yeah so
another sort of let you know to that I
am I am a registered sex offender okay
yeah so it's just kind of I'm obligated
I'll go through all these houses okay
alright Anna and you know III why are
you renting I'm actually losing well I'm
sorry
don't you agree on here I was just
totally lost evaporate he was like oh
cool clear sex offender
so you're renting or leasing I'm not
forget replies I help it over she comes
out the wife comes out she's like oh
that's Charlie dad knew the Bears a
topic of discussion is the first time
having sex big Nick if you want to wait
outside
what about your first time always alive
and you remember back to the third grade
about you folks your first time like
that's so crazy he lost the latest out
of all of us to menu office later than
mine the girl Dom lost his virginity to
now has a kid a good chance of Dom yeah
but you know I am st. all sports like I
someone that keeps me away from the
haters I do charge boarded what's up
little doll man Olivia what about you
how is the time you watch your virginity
no way go ahead I'm waiting for all my
prayers right every Thomas Jefferson
signed the Declaration of Independence
we oughta fucking gang bags and fucking
junk with the Adams came on my channel
no no I know you had a reputation back
in high school you used to sleep with a
lot more people in high school than you
do now right I had a bad high school
it'll be fun of me and how I took it out
in that would you have sex with a night
not including Jesus
that's very exacting topping as of Alex
you like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik any off bad guys well i some ass
yeah let's pledge it smells like shit no
where did that smell whatever
the only thing you did well was you put
the car in park
you're never going near car Jett you
didn't put the car in park go put the
card but not so you put the car in park
jack is goofy
