coming coming coming ha ha ha gotcha
blog about something oh he's actually in
Minnesota right now bullshit come on
guys
so basically you guys are here because I
want to play a game turns off phone you
may have seen this game on television
the winner of the game gets $200 it was
another this is a game could be one
versus one Prince is gonna be on one
side and the other person will be on the
other side in the middle is going to be
a cockroach and they're going to blow it
in the opposite versus mouth Krita you
have stuff in your mouth all the time
what's the big deal oh come on I so
converse Curran I'm kidding about your
son he was so so so disgusting look how
gross he looks holy cow three through
our blog already know that are you ready
I'm fucking ready let's do it okay in
five four three two blow
fucking that's like animation without
sauce okay so father come to our house
sometimes and don't ask them to bring
them chicken tenders grapes all kinds of
you guys bring chi-town I brought him
great home like two days ago he brought
you great at first you brought your
place you know we should make merge
together yeah like we can make shirts
and sweatshirts if every amazing yeah I
love it
what would we do no fat Josh no Drake
and Josh oh yeah
maybe we shouldn't do them rich okay my
gosh NP I'll show you better oh my god
what you just come on here I was
thinking a lot easier for people that
are good-looking I wasn't good looking
until I loved that really people say
that I love you I had a really crappy
haircut in June of 2011 and it was hard
how much easier is life when you're
good-looking time many people's eyes
aren't that easy clever of you it's a
really special moment today we have
another girl that Dom has slept with
Lauren first of all let me start with
this are you okay with being on camera
do I have your consent to be on camera
is that okay you don't need to worry
about consent she's with dumb okay what
was your first date life LA to vegan
plays to them vegan get the fuck out
doesn't mean she doesn't it'll product I
mean she is fucking high maintenance get
them fuck out things are going to be
difficult everything I can tell a group
of extra water forever yeah did you guys
have sex on your first day yeah whose
idea was that
of course well do you know that Dom has
chlamydia yeah I thought a lot right
before we have because his name is dirty
how old are you oh wow five years older
than I expected hahaha
and you're like really smart i yeah I've
heard you have a 4.0 GPA look more point
on you slept with guys the Graduate ran
a smooth scholarship where did you get
that one on the corner of Hollywood and
uh map
that's the type of person to come out of
his mom's room and enjoy it and be like
oh my god Thomas I still want to crawl
right back there Jason's going to read
the first dmj ever shared together by go
cover a time read out Lauren yo dumb hi
Lauren
I like your sunglasses dumb but
sunglasses you mean penis already so
smooth and why are you wearing
sunglasses all of a sudden my sunglasses
because my future too bright I'm
surprised your mom look in these days my
mom passed away Oh Gary Jesus Christ
all right back holy cow the object of
Peter Vicks you like to subscribe to
meet me at david dobrik guys hadn't
officially graduating college today
which means he has officially thrown out
five years of his less than $120,000
yeah let me get a degree out of it yeah
well you don't need a degree to keep
work
you narcissistic fuck I fucking hate you
what I hope you get decapitated in your
Tesla
hey guys welcome back to the end of the
floor real jerk Jason nice new podcast
is up the first episode is up I'm gonna
link in the description go listen to it
let us know what you think
