Todd I hope one day I could find someone
that looks at me the way that you look
at every woman on planet Earth what's up
guys welcome back to my channel today
we're going to be doing something really
weird where be playing spin the bottle
of Dom Prynne and Alex win they get $200
a piece Percy gets $200 but if it lands
on this side we have to do a three-way
to make my favorite part about this
whole thing I'm leaving for 13 days and
there's only the last taste you guys
giving me actually when I don't have
vlog today the universe aligns itself
and I always end up getting vlogs with
it so I know it's going to land on the
three-way make up I just know I can wear
one you're always on this fucking
computer online gambling game outside
put your money where your mouth is or
put your mouth or the money is you know
come on out I'm definitely not playing
that here see what's the big deal with
making out with DOM oh it's not Dom is
Corinne what the Hoff you ready yep I'm
fucking with you on holiday fuck you go
I'll spin it for $200 there we go after
I was completely destroyed the table I
decided that maybe it wasn't the nicest
thing to make him make out with Tom and
Corinna and I realized why would I want
to embarrass one of my good friends like
that so instead I made them go out to
Hollywood Boulevard to tell people what
they've been needing to hear for a long
time I just want to let everybody know I
have a small penis fun fact about Todd
if you listen closely to his bed you can
hear him trick it off and if you put
your ear to Todd's pillow you can hear
them talking to a bunch of girls saying
that they're really special and they
mean a lot to him I got Jason Carly
little surprise right there baby
oh my god David the whole cast of
ratatouille and had you tell all my
ex-girlfriends into one big girl season
stuff way too much remake shoes
oh my god my from have a quick surprise
for both of ya what you guys have to
come with me I want it I want it this is
something that you guys been wanting for
a while okay mission to see my kids no
not that three two one
good news is there's plenty to go around
as a hundred rats for you and a hundred
rats Purdue Pete I grabbed my suitcase
why what's going on I'm moving to fuck I
do appreciate its life slit don't quit
is that your official quote is my
special cloth that's why very down like
sleep don't wait let me borrow 40 bucks
I was just going to take like 20 hoodies
in the gap and just put them around like
I think it was a day just stand at the
door don't judge the Barbie bike
that'll be $30 you can pay me because
people go to buy dirty dogs hoodies
inside $39.99 only have a hundred ago
that'll do I mean I said that's not my
grandma
that's my cucumber Linden I can make out
this lock right what fuck my decision
everybody I may be a dork but I can suck
up me big many other free throws up I
was all right very cute I didn't was if
it was made I totally took are you sure
tom is actually an awful first there's
nice routes now really bored and Dom
comes up to us and go oh if not boys
night Dave cheat on your girlfriend
night you know your girlfriend that's
the type of person I live with lies a
lot of girls night cheat on your
boyfriend because I'm doing that I think
your dad has boys night and she's on
your mom now I have to pussy oh come on
I got his 1900 dad how do you know I've
been there done that
how would you feel if you walked in one
day and you saw Big Mike having sex with
your mom's I forgot to get jealous of
his dad for hooking up with everyone
family is exactly like how family's so
screwed up that DOM dad comes in to
Dom's room to brag I'm having second
your mom tonight kids
I tried thought big something Riley they
should like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and the lsat up Nick come
out me do the outro man Nick comes out
lazuli out bro that's right fuck it
wake up
what's up guys welcome to the end this
video makes and I have some good news
I'm pregnant no not very ok he's a
little bit director we started our own
podcast it's called views I'm going to
link in description please go check it
out let us know what you want us to talk
about on the cheezer's out today and the
actual first episode is out tomorrow but
depending on when you're watching this
the first episode is probably already
there or listen to the podcast link in
the description
