yeah guess what yeah I like jokes ha ha
so long
Oh y'all so mother fucker Dana's
daughter both drinking Corona so I took
Dom Corona and I emptied it out and I
filled it completely with canola this is
not the Corolla this is just foil so I
want to see if he ends up drinking I
feel like you're sober so you tell you
that you drink just to look on drink ah
boy called it piss that's it what what
that's it God knows really impressive
that was really impressive on the club
differentiations correctly a2 and
everything happened in slow motion oh
look go slow clap some of my husband's
armies let's have a fucking beer yeah I
think if you do it is there different
sense I don't think it'll work
why are we with different dentists mom
what's for dinner today I made chicken
for you today babe you make chicken
daddy thank you I am hungry
oh my that's a bird oh my god I forgot
to kill a baby so much about to eat that
bird Oh baby these are little nuggets
that you eat listen the chicken
mesophyll my favorite part about this
bird was we're sitting over here on the
couch and I'm like Zayn dude I really
don't have any vlog for this so I know
this bird slides right into the house I
get so many animals off Craigslist at
this point they're like I was going to
come to you Burt straight-up thinks the
TV is a window look at this fuck watch
it I'm going to put them right here
she's gonna see the TV watch Wi-Fi
what's up guys
how are you guys raise your hand if
you're 18 I'll ever raise their hand
go homes rest you can come up rendom
drinky cut that way to watch drinking
contest
fucking fucking fucking drink that you
like knew there was something weird
about it but you're like forget it
missing out on all those like ways it's
just flat because I think this Junction
here oh we're having a contest that's
really ridiculous first he thought it
was bombs penis oh my god I'm going to
do the same canola oil prank on Todd
have Jason in on and he's going to help
me have a drinking competition with Todd
once Todd drinks his Corona which is
actually the canola oil I'm gonna tell
him to wash it down with some water it's
not actually going to be water because
it's gonna be vodka I understand it this
is really awful but Todd really loves
vodka so maybe this will be a nice
surprise for him remark go Noel
Patterson fucking Newton he was gone the
hardest ricochet cake it'll wash down
the oil yes that vodka if you have to
take a shot out of a solid binder
Jason's bellybutton who would you choose
Zane's bellybutton wouldn't be a shot be
like a gallon of milk a photo yeah Jason
Dean is scorpion in here there's only
one way to tell my god let me take a
shot Jason it's over here oh my dad's
onyx I think Josh make sure you like and
subscribe to reach me at david dobrik
anything else that I met should've
turned Wednesday guys left on top of
liquid nitrogen and chopped others
peanuts
we go baby if I don't we were not to
comment down all he needs is a little
part you like it UT would you like it so
much
oh my god I get to my car he still on my
shoulder guys I think I have a brand new
fresh chili
introducing the birthday t-shirt you're
wearing it's a table table bird this is
how you man skin posted there are those
my sister sister
