you want to be in our video about people
that can't drive my job
I felt valid oh my god that thing is
huge Jason come in here and look at
Todd's balls oh my god is ridiculous
that's exhibit let's not forget you're
here
oh thank you I appreciate that trash I
don't think he has a trash here all
right well what is it tastes like paper
like every girl in Los Angeles
why is it every shirt you wear has a
huge stain on it I'm a slob do you
purposely do that purpose we do it I
start my day and I am a fuckin ass oh
this is coffee but like drool yeah and
this is spaghetti and meatballs about
there are so many different things I'm
sure because the belly is so big it
sticks out like it should just fall on
the ground and catches everything yeah
normally got a lot of impact there's not
digging you may hurt the baby my friends
from back home is visiting right now I'm
going to tell them I want to do the
knife game and I'm gonna blindfold them
but really I'm going to put a scorpion
highpockets I'm terrified of scorpion so
it's gonna be good I'm stunning slug
yeah I don't know you shouldn't move at
all though because there's no problem
with you move it you can't no why would
I be moving fast
John look at your hands Yanis would be
did you spray up to your pants did you
no no it's just spotty this was a spot
no it's not that's it
I trusted you as a scorpion you can
trust me this you want me to freelance
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna feel on the
field it's wet scorpion would you make
out with my friends for how much if you
give us ten bucks I'll let you read
calendar should we follow you we're
gonna follow you good luck is that
challenge fuck you traffic house what
did you do to this pillow what did you
do with Corinna it's the most revealing
outfit I've ever seen ever hear that
before so not together hmm Oh foreign
more hard
gov real let's have a competition okay
I'm going to go to UCLA you can make out
the most girl with consent um well I am
participating with $100 and yes I have
to be there to record it yeah you think
you're going to win you think you're
gonna get your first kiss tonight and
then kiss a bunch of other girls do you
want some to UCLA with that we're gonna
cheat on you no we are not I'm the only
one dating Liza I'm gonna cheat on
myself I'm kidding of the joke whoever
makes that the most people wins $100
Karina doesn't count Karina doesn't
count Alex already texted a busy road
yeah stop calling me pick you up Let me
kiss you so I'm in the lead don't see
reason Karina play the game to Twitter
can literally walk down the street make
out every fucking do I miss the best
Oh guys come on values that you haven't
count what's going on hold of that woman
oh it was her mom right dirty nutmegs
all mah girls wear a t-shirt that said
this pussy grabs bang Dom's like I'll
grab that both you let's go
kid all my friends I know what your
stick
what a gross fucking whore
you know your daughter's going to be in
college one day or he'll never be in
college why I can't afford it I'm
already coffee wine out of college
actually no like last night hadn't read
a paper or is gonna go to college I was
like you don't immediately David fuckers
very pictures of Liza I'm just hoping no
one ever mentions college to them so
when he graduates high school be like
we're not my friends girl very exotic
something jacked if you liked it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
for everyone that made our dime it was
just a prank you all coming in now thank
you all the girls that made out with me
you must have an angel next to you
because you are one lucky
Karina stop it this is why people feel
you weren't really high probably the
China why don't you guys come to UCLA
with his last night I left at night
that's true but Todd why didn't you come
I called you
