so I bought a couple scorpions earlier
and as for the last 20 minutes I think I
lost one no no he's right here on my arm
I figure maybe he'll get angry you know
sting me no guy said beggar to you but
they are poisonous
so I just bought two scorpions and I
really want to scare Jason and Todd with
how so josh is coming over right now and
he's going to tell the boy that he wants
to film a sketch with them for his vlog
Reyes to massage their feet in reality
we're actually not filming for Josh but
we're filming for me and we're gonna put
these on their feet thanks for having
sex with all the way man one goes in the
oven I'm going to put these all over you
I want you to want to smell my life or
my wife or my sister ha messy songs she
actually squatted a piece on the towel
I'm going to continue to put the gym
high on up during where my warthog has
to be anything is this too much dirt
time coming this is too much dirt is my
can you tell me this is too much did you
tell me oh my gosh too much dirt look
you probably can just massage why are
they doing their best impression of
Jason gnashing his ex-wife I just wanted
me fine
I want you to get a job baby me
constantly talks about how biggest penis
is using all my dwarf but it killed my
truck
you put that notion into everyone's head
that's not true
you're humble about it yeah okay so
think big yes you know we thought hey
picnic can we look at your penis and
confirm it and he's like no way am i
letting a guy look at my paper so we
just invited a girl her she could
confirm how picture me after big Nick
ends up having a huge penis yeah we
invited you because we figured that
you'd be really honest about yeah
because we know you've seen a lot of
dicks
yeah that's a big Nick always comes up
see the big beam and he won't let us see
him he said he'll only let a girl see it
oh so you that hardly yeah that's right
I don't have to talk you just look at
you know and give us your honest
opinions is proportional to the size or
is it smaller listen you're really lucky
no girl has ever seen big nice penis are
you okay with it I don't know cuz I just
don't want to force another man's penis
on you Dom's done enough of that here's
the situation right now Nick is in the
bedroom right now getting his peepee
ready for her to see I know this is
really gross but I feel like this needs
to be done I may not seem like it to you
guys but I really need this what do you
think it's not happening that's I'm
saying Nick this always tells me Alex is
our NBA highlights Michael Jordan top
ten tons of all kind I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I got a pretty big penis -
yeah no we know whoever view no I don't
think you understand David I got a
pretty big penis we know why David I'll
prove it hey Lindsey come on let's go oh
whoa what's up you hear me what are you
doing in there big boy all right right
it doesn't look in a big mix means you
want to see mine it's over it was gonna
go tell me go go go go tell me the truth
how big is big Nick's penis what does
that mean not like big for a penis in
general if it's good yeah my god
I just had a dream that big mechana
normal-sized penis doesn't latrine
that's a nightmare stray dog there's
nothing i'm melina she liked it
subscribe treat me a david dobrik that
scott is leaving the thailand for a
couple weeks so i have no idea what i'm
going to do with that how do the same
fucking thing you do all the time
probably
delicious here try one time I Pamela
okay now we have a special Jim how does
that feel is that like we fuckers are
all wonderful
let the healing properties of the
durable of the healing do you maybe
think this is too much second - OH
