Don welcome to Florida oh well you play
Liz dude before like yo you're doing
slaughter like yeah baby I'm or not Oh
Tom's been going to UCLA a lot to party
so I figured that it would be a fun idea
to invite all the girls that Don's
hooked up with in the last semester to
interview them for my part I'm honestly
a little bit nervous if knowing Dom here
what's goin on down hey what's going on
bring all the girls I thought I could
only get half of them except about this
guy doing here I don't know brother the
crazy ass your parents know that you
guys are here today no your mom's
downstairs double birthday we think
you're better than us so you could say
the other end me it does add a lot of
benefit to your life yeah I kind of
thought about this today white privilege
is it a real thing if you can't say the
end I would I be able to ask for the
salt I can say the n-word
what do you mean like grab the salt
nigga subside this is an intervention
for hooking up a dirty dog it is we know
Dom you guys obviously don't know Dom
did you hooked up with her what that's
what every girl says the better covered
up ha ha you weren't even drunk
you just really ate your dad why'd you
look up with dominoes you hooked up with
him cuz he's from the same country as
you I'm a little Lithuanian you hooked
up with Don back in October now did you
give Don consent to hook up with you you
were drunk yeah well I was drunk too so
it's consensual no effect affects your
he's like I gave her a roofie and just
so what the best up
I took a roofie was it about Dom that
turns you on
he was straight forward came up and said
what do you want it quick reenactment
I'm done basically the only reason you
hooked up with Tom because you're a
drunk sister on yeah sure is John
the guy hadn't had sex in three years is
that a turn on him in three years Jason
I didn't say it was here I'll hit you
love to hookups like this October yeah
me and my best friend you could have
both of you guys it's like I don't want
to wait stop so I put them on a group
test that's a two-minute a Halloween
party anyway you can reenact tonight you
guys hey what's up what's your name I'm
Lindsey Lindsey I'm dawn nice to meet
you
we probably need you Tom you saw her
they love making out in Utah come on you
know this man right here tell me down
nice and good you know me now no no no
fuck or really good pat down and I
always go to me he's well not so good
not a tender loveable you know why are
you traveling just really pop out I'm
going right back out after viewbotting
another one-way peaky coma later is your
first time at an airport when I get to
30,000 G I think about these 30,000
brochures I get in this year's terminal
around this far new your day I'm
surprised if you can stop me for this
bomb what what are you saying this bomb
ass pussy okay it's always good to
freshen up before I fly that way Carmody
that can make an extra few bucks in
first-class
holy shit this Airport issue I don't see
anything this big since Kobe Bryant bent
me over and its private jets normally
the hard using two thumbs
well actually David I'm the co pilot or
the copilot yes the pilot play with all
the instruments and I play with his
balls Oh David I'm so concerned I'll be
much better when I get on the flight and
get my penis your peanuts no my penis I
really need some deep-sea Carmelita
we're gonna miss our flight
I'm a very fast woman hang on Saffy
that's the West Florissant oh you're
right sorry about that let's go
Jay's logging talkin Lauren makes you
like it subscribe tweet me a david
dobrik grandma thank you for the ride
today you want to come out with us for
dinner no I'm drinking tonight
what's with rose who's rose from the
Titanic
yeah I think our move you prayed oh no
I'm ready
Oh cat baby
