laughing I thought my dream of my
husband I used the light is caught up
with all the flying husband a flying
carpet
no you just never shave okay if you guys
follow me on Twitter you know that and
that's an idea the other day this is
your ordinary toothbrush right what does
it do a breath of your tea how do we
make the tooth brushing process a little
bit faster well maybe my brushing both
rows of teeth at the same time made a
couple prototypes I'm gonna have all my
friends try and we're gonna see if we've
revolutionized the tweet and distribute
your money going now hey guys welcome
David over here okay come on
you can tell it's not that bad right oh
wow yeah yeah just cut you a bunch of
executives at all toothbrush companies
watching David's von Drake oh not Thank
You Man
we lost the dog I came up with
innovation - why don't you follow any of
us back on Twitter a lot about you I got
this Bobby buns on Jimmy John's lab huh
you just go brick hock and you can
handle that I'll / - you used to watch
watch your show as a bigger day where
everybody is the full circle nature of
my relationship with big dicks amen I'm
like to NAV years ago in a game use
number and he text me for that six month
straight and I was like we'll get to it
I promise
so now here we are is everything against
you I just was like I'm sure this will
happen eventually rock-bottom enough
period I've been so stressed out because
I've been flying from New York to
Florida I feel like I don't even have an
entire vlog I still need like another
minute of life I think I'm becoming
someone say they need a minute of
footage yeah actually I do my god this
is perfect I see so you want to come in
and join us all come on we won't tell
anybody okay after a minute she knocks
someone say they want a second second
pitch and why is it that every time I
see you're not wearing any underwear you
ever wear underwear do you wear
underwear gaming I didn't get a chance
to put any on and a gross Bottomly my
mystical subscribe you smash logic I
didn't remember I can't I'm having a
good day
do you say we get up and we're looking
at his underwear charge so I had a
friend named Michonne and I haven't seen
him in a couple of months and then I
went to the airport and I'm the still
when I said get you
- eyes hey David look it's del ruido
shooter I have a friend named Rhys and
we found out he's not very good at the
sexy stuff so we call him 96 you arrived
I went to Starbucks the other day and I
looked around nothing hey it's a pretty
nice cafe taxi taxi
oh thank god you pulled over I couldn't
get a ride can I use your phone to call
an uber we walk with your skull we want
you to come in for the late shift oh oh
that's funny because your ex-wife
actually just called - oh yeah what she
said wife in here I think she bugged on
me because in the background I just
heard her fucking another dude you talk
a lot about sex for a god I can't find
his penis oh we're not finding things
how are your kids by the way Oh maybe I
should be asking you didn't you just get
out of kindergarten with them do you
bring that up because I did and for
their class presentation they showed a
poster of how much they hate their
fucking dad very toxic toxic Georgia
makes you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys it's time for the time
you've all been waiting for
yeah it's time to show you our Brad do
burn I'm honestly surprised you guys
didn't get the mercy for because it's
the two things I love the most in three
two one
you can see
me
this is a joke that didn't come up with
but I thought on Facebook and I loved it
so much that we have to recreate it here
in New York hello it's me the world's
strongest woman
Sallis incredible what are you doing
oh it's embroidery on this year like
David stitches are embroidered in his
hand
