I had such a good day with you Bizzy
what's up guys the next little bit of
footage you're going to see what's
recorded before my last flaw about four
or five days ago I blindfolded my
friends and spilled cockroaches on them
two days later I thought it would be
funny to blindfold them again but this
time still watermelon on out of all the
friends I did it dude this reaction was
my favorite freakin zombie gotta calm
down your hand out there no over the top
of it was no bucking reaches this is
really water about it just got even
Mikami right it is a great pleasure than
this formal invitation to you I invite
you to have sexual relations on these
you're interested please kinda I'm going
to be as now Chinese have a wonderful
day who knows a funniest part of us at
all you know damn well no one fucking
emailing that shit this is not how you
constantly think I'm bullying you in
these laws I'm kind of just joking with
you like a friend oh you think these are
friend jobs yeah why would I cry my eyes
on last night
right what you just made fun of the most
here I'm a big man Jason right how does
it get you automatically just say yeah I
give this kid a lot work shift at anyone
else have you know all I don't make so
many jokes sometimes I think about my
OCD and it hurt I'm not just down there
but up here what gets to you like what
kind of joke gets you will forget still
alive my first one of my vomit to eat
completely raw sugar it's not even rot
like Buffalo Wild Wings look why I let
use is wild venison on Buffalo nor wings
just fucking water
I'm not cooking this chicken is I think
there's a sense of being vegan I don't
kill the animal I just eat it right away
can you please do that thing you did
there bring me down chicken real quick
is shit ain't done here's all the boys
right now in a couple of days ago I got
a DM from a guy named Rodrigo said he
wanted asked to draw out the prime
Rodrigo is here with us right now we
bought the actor John the Prophet Rico's
girlfriend is a fan of the vlogs and she
has no idea that we're here we're gonna
surprise her in our own hell we're going
to Rodrigo girlfriend's house right now
and we're in a really really bad
neighborhood
it's kind of starting to creep about
yeah forgot to tell you David like
people aren't allowed down here
Rodrigo background ask us like prom
there's ten pounds of cocaine in the
flowers and he's just trying to deliver
it actually being a gang initiation he
has to kill people totaling 10 million
subscribers on YouTube yet then he's
like hey yo can you call Liza for me
kill me I'll give you a shout-out on
motherfucker use me shouting out pretty
soon we're going to answer every go how
logic well it was cool but I didn't know
they'd be so racist you're not a little
nervous when you go ask your girlfriend
the prom that she's going to see Todd
and Alex and fall in love with us
especially Alex right now especially
John no no especially time that you're
good looking kid now you're good looking
we are officially in the rules go to me
most nervous about not addition even
purple
that's a very exhausting stocking Alice
but you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys i have a special
announcement to make with a special
someone Liza I know you guys are
thinking is Liza back in the outro
absolutely not no Liza and I have made
something really special and we want to
show all your go yeah go go go - come on
out come on out three two one
nice thanks you running as a good man
Jocelin haven't have a great problem be
home by 6:00 p.m. because Rodrigo's
crazy
more important did you say yes oh she
said no oh no
