listen to me dude set this coming over
he's our only black friend don't ruin
this for me okay David I've never done
anything for you you have don't try any
shenanigans these are new friends
bad lie dude it was Alex you probably
know you want something to drink
okay you're being weird I don't have to
be that weird such as that fries he said
I knew you're coming so I stopped the
whole freshman Oh awesome
would you come on Alex
so the other day I play the game with
Todd and Jason where they lost and they
had to have a bunch of cockroaches go on
today I'm going to play the same game
with Todd but I'm gonna ring it so he
loses and instead of getting cockroaches
dumped on him he's going to get a bunch
of watermelon don't know he's gonna be
blindfolded so he's talking I think it's
something completely different that it's
time for the tough game ago it's 1:00
p.m. on fucking luck
what is it are you shaking - why are you
shaking Scott alcoholic put your hands
out like you all wanted yeah it'll be a
better video 2003 find your body
watermelon with water up I were so
scared shaking I was allergic to water
well I guess I should have thought of
that it is back from Australia trick you
can make any money yeah I knew I
wouldn't where'd you make the money you
can afford a casita I think is Venus
what do you fight it for sexuality
what's in the socks I'm gonna stop where
they smell like semen what's up on the
Google Earth or put your sock back on
for out just texted to come into the car
it's like flying around or they're gonna
be sticking by the other night
either come in myself oh that's my room
it out people coming I take my shoes off
oh no you may want to keep in mind that
online school I didn't you're in senior
year I went to high school yeah Owen
Horseman's regular so that's not a thing
I'll get any would take you seriously
literally look like you fucker got to
piss child support and you're a drug
dealer
oh wait both of those things are no fun
fact Technic doesn't have it bad I don't
have again his mom made love to two
chipmunks listen bro it was Alvin in the
Chimel we were famous think what would
you do if that mucked up with your
sister she's fucking seven exactly so
what would you do about that scotch and
Krista are coming home right now for
Pedro they've been driving for about
three hours and in the meantime we've
been busy at work setting up their room
with a brand new art piece they're gonna
come home this is a bigger point
chocolate I bought them a brand new page
dr. Kelly I've been helping here's the
painting hi guys want to make
concretions room look extra special any
funky uh graffiti I know how much
scarring Kristen you guys talk a lot
about painting and just having your
house to be aesthetically pleasing never
so I wouldn't hear ooh he decorated
myself maybe in love with this painting
you can keep it you can keep something
nice for your room oh my god are they
beating you up there got two meals today
I with all this shit covering and you
wouldn't be loved see this if you just
looked at there - looks like an exorcism
no no
well I don't know what fucking college
you get brother go stand in the other
fucking room we look at your home I dig
is the only sensible ones we know
honestly sweetheart
some fucking smack in the face I want a
moment alone fucking come near me a
speical wall actually you caustic sake
Erica she liked it subscribe treaty at
David's Oberg apparently guys how does a
girlfriend now which means I have to lay
out two things I have to lay out all the
cheating jokes and all the jokes about
him being a sex cop they also have to
lay off top because what else to be good
for
you got me
what'd you buy to drink for Seth we find
a bunch of duct tape we're going to
ducting why do I hear screams mommy
recording one bullet oh my
