top the gunman on the loose gunmen
govern on the week where is outside I
have two cups right and this guy says
$25 in this says something not good I'm
going to mix up these cups you're going
to turn out it was your eyes okay don't
throw it out okay let's go try this is
for $25 very well okay come on okay let
me not lift it up right here we go Jason
come on say something background
impression of me hi boys today we're
going to do a little surprise okay I'm
going to put a snake under backside I'm
gonna put a koala under that I'm going
to kiss you and then the other ones
gonna kill you the box of cockroaches
you gonna tell them Lennon yeah
no no he's a father who both of them
Todd - yeah both Scott and Jason shows
something bats in the cupcake so I
brought Brian over here and he has a
bunch of cockroaches and we're gonna put
it on Ryan's also gonna be vlogging this
so if you want to go check it out from
his viewpoint I'm gonna link his channel
and everything in the description below
I did Josh Peck it out of it he's Josh
back he's a fuck about my back I'm gonna
fuckin kill her
no you're gonna kill anything watch your
hands
Oh none of the DPS that we were pals we
just do a remake because we never got
that to record this of David after he
cut hand on the way to the hospital baby
Suggs is dad's dad I cut my hand there
was for a base but it really hurt so go
to the hospital and just just a blitz
about three seconds go by it goes
I probably how do you lose your pubes
everything man yeah pussy why don't you
shave it all off why do you talk to me
like that dawg you know I'm taller than
you know what's up there yet in you what
why do you say that hi guys welcome back
to my channel where a bunch of people
make out with each other they were
playing spin the bottle challenge if it
lands on this side we're in as the Qibla
if you Lance here critic it's $50 what's
good lands here she has the kiss Jason
found out that he is a kiss do it on
here we go spinach and there's good done
the father√≠s for all the marbles let's
go baby the spin
Jason sign this land you really wanted
to be here but a cookie a lie come on I
need a thumbnail is it cut of meat are
you ready for that yeah just give me a
second can you second I got your house
ready
what have you always wanted this moment
what have you always wanted it's moment
David and focus Alec okay that's where
you have to focus like that but Ali not
looking at the table what is left to do
with anything else
oh my god you would I just did do with
my mind and I was the sexiest thing I've
ever seen in my life because about it
I know what you did you woke Alex in
like a six months slumbering but yeah
he's over there like George Clooney Alex
is attracted to women again how it looks
like I'm just doing this to cover up
myself
no you're not exactly what I love
Alice we don't think you're gay no I
think you guys think I'm gay that's
trick exhausting snotzax patent divac's
you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys look at
his past looks like a god blowjob from a
smurf ha ha Kristin excuse me what's
going on what happened to Scott would
find out about this you wouldn't like
that agent Scott oh ok I see what's
going on if it's a couple stuff okay I
could get behind a couple stuff Liza
I keep scooting over so you're not
laying on me and you keep ending up
shooting poker and like I know what
girls are observing they want to get it
so they're just like is that what you
see a movie
