Scott if you can switch lives with
anybody in this room who would you
switch sides wait how do you think Nick
why pick max is trying to die soon
what the fuck I have a really good story
I just don't know if I could share why
don't you say wow do you really about me
yeah we haven't talked about it from
Maui this is what happened I'm sitting
here on the couch I'm at your place
right hot I faint and Jason like hey
Jason what are you doing he's like not
much just relaxed and I'm like where are
you like just in my room he doesn't know
I'm here
I think the conversation go and then I
just walk right into the bedroom and
he's like David what are you doing here
I never say facing that in my entire
life he was mad fucking teenager walking
alone jacking off I was right there
looking straight in the eye yeah the
best part about that entire story is
what afterwards Jason came out we
pretend like nothing happened while I
look in your door locks are out of time
girl is like huh uh-huh uh-huh and then
all of a sudden I didn't know what I
thought it was Todd I was like oh my god
we're talking up while talking to David
okay that's good I'm saying hot dog I
put the headphones away and ladies it
was like my bosses call your side not
has a lock in his room why don't you
just jerk off at AA through I mean I
took penis enlargement pills yeah it's
Tara to penis no it's not an enlarger oh
it was enlarged it no no vested enlarge
that we very serious well that was
insane first boner so at the gas station
amongst all like penis pills we're like
I had be kind of funny to try this to
see cuz everybody's like you know dick
pills and all this ball
everybody gosh sure what's the best
penis know any goes thing goes island we
were reading it we're like it lasts five
days oh we're nervous we walked up and
were like oh my god like no you go first
why was it and then he's like trying to
like acetate you'll pick them up and
find that shit kicked in like full drive
I'm going to not do for five days even
the slightest thought of something
sexual you can't control it it's just
fucking good it's like okay guys do it
again do want it do it again we're gonna
right now I don't know if it's true or
not but Todd told me that you hired 16
year old intern hired I'm not bana but
you did yeah would you find out they
showed up at the door the other night
looking for you and they're just working
for you now yeah they wanted to meet you
lose your mind are you guys the intern
hahaha what are you guys doing here what
do you mean you're a fan you're
everyone's intern
what have you guys done so far the Prima
kitchen is sort of like kind of a shitty
job on the kitchen okay that's not using
you for I can only imagine okay well my
car needs cleaning but after that we
should stop it
they're all sixteen years old right now
I really want them to come back and
intern in here
listen we really don't need you to
intern now but in two years we're
definitely going to need you - well so
what you're working up solve you are
straight up wearing a dog I can't show
your butt crack boy why are you waiting
oh do you mean this is what fashion bro
we need fashion oh you don't think you
understand you got a guy in my dad's in
my face where the flag you actually are
wearing a fucking thought if I got you
we're not going out with you it's
uncomfortable II know it's really
uncomfortable but it makes you feel
psycho yeah like you want to play that
forgot my wallet game when we get to the
restaurant work back there sob hey David
I forgot my wallet
you got to pay for it where'd you leave
your walk I don't know I forgot
Victoria's Secret
that's raised a lot of exotic Mike makes
you like to subscribe to read the a
david dobrik a lot of you guys want to
know how to hook up with Tom well it's
pretty easy all you guys do is comment
down below that you want to hook up with
Todd we
go out late at night and shoot 300 Cal
when you come for puns but get a lot
more are you ready to go I'm sorry I
fell asleep
