Jason get this ball to Josh right there
because Josh and I had a bet that you
can't focus you're old
I'm a fucking idiot fun fact about tight
every time I record in my always have to
record from the waist up because you're
always getting a blowjob
dude what the fuck man I don't mean to
talk how many of you guys ever done a
lie detector test I get actually and I
fail why would happen cause this guy was
like you get a lot of pussy and I was
like no and he looked at me he's like
you know you guys lined up you're just
getting cocky because your mom doesn't
chaperone you anymore when you hang out
with us yeah you guys I didn't have more
subs than you would you guys still hang
out with me what's up guys welcome back
to my vlog if it looks like a mess
because I'm a hundred percent of that
before I show you guys what happened I
want you to understand that this was
really stupid and please please please
do not do this at home so this is how
this happened Jason and I were juggling
with a bunch of cans and we were really
bad at it you can catch a single line so
I thought it would be better since we
can't catch the cans we can maybe catch
the wine bottle so we switched out the
cans for wine bottles and then the
fashion well if your wine bottle no it's
too much I know but every funny now
David and I feel we've been practicing
long enough that we can move on to very
dangerous object five six seven eight oh
all right no no no come here come here
good camera the camera get the cable get
quick click oh my god oh my god Davis oh
no something out quick get a thumbnail
oh very quick incredible I know you're
in a fire David all right you got it
I don't like cover cover oh my god
rapidly excessively exactly located we
don't use yours we already are yeah are
you serious you saying it for the
cameras are really going to go to the
arms in my pants I get the drugs David
local hospital let's go kick it up right
now I'm gonna go literally can't you on
water y'all are rasping and the worst
thing that's ever happened when it
happened everyone camera so everyone
give me a little bit of that cry for me
we need it we need it
nobody sees it you feeling about that I
hope I pass out how much does an
ambulance already know what $1 surprise
my friend $300 ambulance I just thought
that I was on underline when I when I
was like hey this is Josh Peck from
Drake and Josh an ambulance got was a
keep direct pressure on that shit they
say keep the right pressure and keep the
cameras rolling they were like it's just
for a big haahoos Channel big nigga fuck
you how the turn those damn siren saw
Jason I did a good job they turn the
silence on louder
I've never respected you so much as
literally going ah forget the camera
maybe tell the name is because he didn't
wanna get his testicle 101 the ambulance
showed up the paramedics told us that we
weren't a lot of record anywhere on the
Angela so we thought it'd be a better
idea just to drive to the hospital ask
me a real quick David call his father
and ask me as he turned dead they're
still gonna how you feeling really
really shut up it's really hurting your
head really hard on faces like we pull
over I think the doctor better check on
me hey while we're there yeah I'm going
to the hospital yeah yeah I can't do
this anymore I'm not doing anything no
no glass to know anything to have their
hydration work for you David we're in
the hospital this is the start for
Wednesday's we're going to populous
Jason I'm gonna pin you upside down from
the ceiling and drill your hair off your
steak look at this it's just a flasher
you want to be immortal suck the blood
out of my head that's very like exotic
Carla make sure you like and subscribe
tweet me at David over into the hospital
come on the fucking bitch
these are my stitches and lies about to
come and I look like Frankenstein I
thought when we got tattoos we're gonna
get matching ones them listen they're
too good I'm about to show you the cut
on my hand because they were making me
wash it off at the hop if you're really
squeamish and you don't like things like
blood and flesh please don't watch it
I'm showing you the cut in three two
what
