what kind of a girl would you want to
date the Instagram Oh with a lot of
power
yeah why don't you say that's a big
actress yeah ha ha ha
Jason I went to UCLA because were pretty
bored and we ran into Annie and
apparently her roommates really sick but
she watches the vlogs she's in her dorm
reverser a surprise I heard you were
sick we're here to cheer you up Jason
Danny boon are you here we're here with
The Ellen DeGeneres Show they heard
about your student loan all you wanna go
look about it what you think when we
walk in I thought my nyquil like
genuinely just took me four
motherfucking levels a lot of times a
nice girl I felt like Jason started
touching me
oh darling actually run in honor of 4/20
I thought we attached a joint to a drone
because I saw this on Facebook and it
really worked I'm gonna smoke a joint
hands-free by having Jill fly his drum
go go go go three the naked guys the
first hands-free joint here it is I
think it's working
out of a story what do you think would
be the most successful if we didn't have
YouTube then you always say that but you
know you're on oh I would be the most up
dude I'll keep your hot dog you want the
laziest guy in this room a hundred
videos yeah and it took you 99 tries to
get what right when I first moved to LA
yes so much money I'm most LA and these
guys were rolling you know what to do
that's minonk Oh like eight hundred
dollars a day I've never seen someone
blow through that much money a bath with
you guys that well 65 literally blew 60%
of your money that I've been so good
with my money because you just bought it
to a total tequila yes it is for you to
try on the problem I got you good yeah
yeah I got you a good million check this
out called next town down guys come in
come in come in come again you wanna be
so bad great and can't be bad
they love you to make it Shelby
now you broke your kid okay all right
David that's enough ice on the guitar
what David paid you it's all in a great
job that's all enough okay what kind of
neighbors did let me see happy birthday
a biscuit allative like LM member you
should be a cheerleader when I was
younger and whenever I was here hold
Shangri but all you got - well you've
got to heal boy so my purse one time and
he was running away and I told the
police
hey Graham grab one time mila kunis came
up to me to ask me if she could give me
a kiss on the pecker and I said me like
they have a boyfriend
Mila no one time I went to a pond and
there a bunch of ducks sitting around
they had nothing to do and I didn't have
any friends so they were just a bunch of
four done well had one section through
our house and my husband would always
forget is key I told him why do we have
one set you could go out and make 23
told me to shake my hips and I say my
head can't shake my heinie can my
husband came home late one night and I'm
sitting on the couch she walked right in
I say hey where you been
join ha ha ha ha that's what is logic
topic Tyler but you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys it's a
moment everybody's been waiting for what
is the winner foot I'm quitting smoking
yeah not sighs Sophie songs I come on
he's ready I'm ready you ready yeah out
of your fight turn around in three two
go No
Oh
and
I don't like it at all Dublin fireball
breath get picked up and smell
