when God finally opened up to me I asked
him what is the most important of life
and you know he says we said it was the
double-double down at Burger King of all
the romantic thing Davis probably the
one that'll be like causing you what do
you mean I have a girlfriend yeah that's
what you want everyone to thank you know
out of US three you think a person
that's most likely gay doesn't mean I
think you guys probably think I'm gay
that's cool no that's not what we're
going on I think you guys think I'm gay
I did literally civilized a where are
you going with this well the reason I'm
doing this will Alex feels okay with
being gay that's why we want to put this
person undef league a the month of
January was not good for good old Jason
asked you for money no you didn't
directly actually be realized as a
Chipotle second point that we'd never
take money from you know I was gonna
offer to pay your rent that you never
ending tomorrow' money from you whatever
I can't believe you even thought that
you're putting on an energy like what
heard you offering to pay people's right
you have to ask money for someone here
Josh I don't know Josh that well it
doesn't ammonia you know but maybe like
three months down the line definitely
looking forward to August
and Josh don't you love the summer me
too
can I borrow $74 I'm sort of borrowing
money would you ever let Dom staying one
of their guest bedroom yeah yeah I want
to fuck your girlfriend either unless
you want to go hunting tomorrow we're
gonna come home great day John I'm going
to pick up Jason's kids from school I've
never done this before so it's gonna be
an experience how long does it take to
pick up your kids usually she takes
about an hour and a half I have to go
through a sobriety test every time how
are you gonna pick up the kids that you
can't even recognize me I'll ask the
teacher okay have you ever picked up the
wrong kid yeah once once I did dad you
pick up these white kids they all look
alike okay what's up Giuliana oh I guess
I'm you know you're not allowed as a
Paul I know I'm wondering actually can
you just go in and grab it real quick
and I'll wait right okay let's get out
of here you know what Giuliana your
cookies at the bake sale tasted like
asshole this year I can please tell you
that Dom told me the other day at Liza's
birthday he's not sexually attracted to
me cause one of those guys who you're
just like it's nothing
at least this person would he's not
attracted me sexually he's trying to
fuck me because he knows you have
YouTube subscribers but at the end of
the day if I like walk up to dawn I was
like hey Tom I'm like trying to hook up
with Tom's gonna hook up with me I don't
they say men for the sole fact I've seen
what dawn brings home not even so much
like Oh Gaby show I have a vagina and
he's dog bone would fathers I don't even
need a vagina I just need like a whole
like we'll call them right now
CD wasn't was your face on them okay I
have a serious question it's actually
serious would you hook up with a couple
feels like a convention to like make
videos with me and shut me off even have
a plan that hair blogs are the witness
the lowest point of my college your trip
to Chicago yeah so I visited your mom
action damn I thought your mom kids
that's my mom's name if you really hung
out with her I don't know I just got her
babe I don't think your mom's part of
you oh yeah in the car I make sure about
that sure hey Siri home milk in Chicago
that I ravenously thought mix is trying
to cover up conceal the hot moms a
little too much big Nick's mom already
cut that rebound no I knew percentage
it's like yet affect your fuckin
hairline before you do ha ha they make
went back to Chicago visit his middle
school they wouldn't let him in because
they said come back next year when
you're old enough
ha ha ha why don't they let you into the
middle school apparently Mikasa weapons
do Bank is a health hazard for everybody
because it was just pollinating saving
your destructors I'm a little talkative
oh okay you can put that shit in there
but put in the poorest and I'm really
sorry about it Messer a long face
watching Brad makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
if any of you guys want to have a date
with the gabbie show then comment down
below and i'll suggest a good
psychiatrist get the fuck out
did you take some purser now I sort of
got was natural really like I'm gonna
pull a prank on Jason's kids and tell
them that their dad passed away I'm just
going to go ahead and say your father
passed away
yeah Angeles basketball guys what's
going on hey guys let's go
