are you trying to catch me doing coke
and you get me some puzzle it's
currently up by Jesus community
oh my god or again I don't have a
girlfriend
do you want me to do anything after
you're done watching his clothes in
jeans and absurd said it's my finish
this movie but I didn't catch it it just
came over for us to react to a video on
his laptop Josh opens the laptop of his
porn still playing on his computer the
clothes out of sports apps as we know
you're gonna go back in and like said
witness anything
what kind of porn with you I was a
monster I wasn't actually well they're
like the same age so it was like don't
criticize me you know I jerked off shore
yeah I mean it wasn't even that go in
the stomach kind of agree with this but
I got to get it done right tell you what
your fucking blogs do they mention how
long my kids come to the door they're
like hey we brought you can't I was the
only person home says Happy Easter we
love you all except Scotty Oh bad
imagine how bad they fucking felt when I
was the one who answered the door and I
was the only person home this is your
whole swimmer I mean this is a paddock
Carmody and real Purcell for working
years if you brought the students of
vedras anybody home oh my family would
you like to meet that of course there
are special mental be these are your
kids
slavery these are your kids
these are my children all of them it's
like a classroom full of piss carmelita
around right long time ago where do they
sleep Maria Maria who's Maria oh there's
a couple Maria oh yeah bunch of Maria's
I couldn't come up with any other name
okay even know your kid's name oh yes
yes I know all of them use those much of
Maria's there that's Hector that's Julio
Hector Hector we all this one are you
guys are you my can see hey yoki I can't
take that Stevie date at the BJ however
you gonna at all what's a bigger trouble
okay so the Voyager mined out of this
process okay Hector Larry would you like
a handy from Hextall Carmelita this is
disgusting Oh David no he's a handyman
show me how you see cscope about fish
bigger pieces that will be searched five
dogs in my house well you know we have
to start somewhere unexpected - you said
it would make us feel that would you say
that caramel is so terrific mommy
where's daddy wish daddy is going to eat
it not while you're coming bear but drug
sniffing dogs have caught carnalito with
14,000 cocaine in her what'll she have
to go back to what I'm after
why'd she come back empty-handed okay I
just wondered a you're great at soccer
is that what you want to hear hey stop
this offer why we couldn't destroy your
even I gotta get him into technology can
you afford the iPad okay that is a low
bro you always make us wear the same
clothes every day I argue in the same
time so I know who you are if I change
your clothes on your Samantha I might
end up calling you Larry nice one it I
respect that
what are you talking about they shut up
to her all the time doesn't make me
folks and I check out sometimes she
shuts up shut up look who's talking now
not her Carmelita won this little piece
of trash is here after a gone fix
watching Laura makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik Jassa
buncha people are wondering why did
another Coachella was done Oh DJ single
yeah Jason even wrong with us oh that's
why okay all right I'm out of here
hello Raj JC caylen he's a big youtuber
you gotta forgive him smoking William
well fuck you next door to that watch
let me show you the video right now Dom
this doesn't come on baby Kalin oh this
doesn't get
