Raisa come on you big getting ready for
20 minutes you look to stay yo make a
promise to be nicer to each other I'll
take less time to get ready
fine let's do it okay shake on it
perfect okay come on let's go
Liza where are you going before the vlog
continues like you normally would I want
to explain something that's about to
happen yesterday Scott Todd Jason and I
went to the store to try on some new
clothes for Coachella not end up finding
something he likes so you went to the
dressing room to try it off shortly
after Jason thought it'd be funny to
take his camera and stick it underneath
the dressing room door to spy on Scott
that's all you need to know enjoy the
rest of the video you let me to come in
there he's lying under Jason he's fine
let them let them try it it's closed you
know your haters turn out because that
will never happen again I was one in a
million of what I just recorded no they
hadn't seen y'all time could you imagine
or think I was thinking the actual guys
probably losing his mind he's like the
other funny part was cat was responding
to everything Jason was saying if you
look in the one right next door
that's must have a lot of money I mean
you're a big actor you're still are a
big actor you're huge on social media
now so watch it by yourself like a huge
home and show up cuz I'm not a dummy
like you joy - year-old who just became
into a bunch but he is like I don't know
is so bad money like he just bought a
house that we warned him not to buy no I
thought you were a Jason really been
warned I warned you and then I saw the
house and I was like yeah it was like a
place to stay there's honestly don't
give me enough credit for being good
with my money right you are except for
the thousand dollars a day you spend on
Craigslist or my name is Josh I quit my
job as an actor
my name is Klaus cuz I like it better
just getting their money they pay me
does he pay me calm down Jason on the
other hand this is all he has
hanging out with 20 year olds and
killing you today I was going to prom
but you not be green it's going to cost
you $2,000 to catch an ex-girlfriend
Liza the cruise you cannot fail the want
something new good which is not
something she waited to go to town
yesterday
I am that's why I'm gonna hop back in
the closet yeah I mean what I mean I I
mean boom so I'm leaving to Australia
for a week what's in Australia Fred Oh
another friend once you get down there
he's going to give you five grand and
then when you remember anything have you
hooked up with anyone for money before
no I really never have oh never for
money but a bunch of gift cards huh
Appleby family that's like current
always bet they're going to Appleby it's
three thousand dollars worth of gift
cards saving a padena california no but
that's why you're going austra yeah what
are you texting he said I hope you like
koalas I can't wait to put my dick in
you there's my left go all right here
and this is my Mike koala and right in
the middle is my kangaroo Jackie was
poking with Jonah well maybe you should
put the pants on she has that God but
still no invitation to touch that oh you
have leggings I have permission you're
the stereotypical college guy John
touches your boobs well it's not my
fault you're not wearing two bras that
today's locks exotic Shelby makes you
like it subscribe
at david dobrik guys Heath and I have
something really important to show you
guys I go get it go get it go get it
thank you come out come out we come here
we come right ready here ready turn
around
well you know what they say you are what
you eat so they must be a big pussy
