hey book I'm Josh Peck did you like Josh
back oh yeah I got a lot if you had to
beat the one you're going to pick it you
know you can tell how big a man's penis
is by extreme right let's listen to that
hold it
are you scared if you're getting married
in the future feeling like a nuisance to
your wife that's really neat I thought
about that Judy come all of these
questions like the first number I've
been like oh fuck did David really
understand me that's sue Bernie brother
and I'm just going to deflect that deep
question with a fucking stupid joke get
pussy bitch would you get married to
another door not loaded I'm trying to
fucking see myself when I'm smashing oh
then I'm looking to hear and I'm like
fuck is what I am oh yeah where'd you go
I'm right here sir why right yeah wait
em applause so that's why I couldn't
confuse have you ever made a war product
no sir I've never been a war I've been
to hell and back so many times I got a
condo there do you know why you wear
camouflage man yes sir yes sir
so the enemy can't see me know it so I
can come on your back and know we'll see
I'll take your tough nugget no sir I
don't think I'm tough won't let me tell
you some of you ain't Lynn do you had a
bull constrictor wrapped around your
cock so are you come out your own
asshole it looks like a spa to me you
boy go ahead gets me homeless
sir yes sir hmm maybe I'm not sure you
might still be a spy I couldn't tell
them that kid hmm
gotta think about I think I need to do
one more night over there you can't see
the gumball machine
I'm the gumball machine we good thanks
Josh joking hey lady knowledge do we
call someone drinking who do we call
what is beauty scent specific residence
for in case of emergency call 911 call
911 - holy shit what could it eerie call
Youm it's okay what is going on if
you're ready Rock call nine one what's
the number for 911 that's good that's
good that's good
what's the number for 911 in there Josh
google searching and porn pops up I'm
here with big Nick and Nick's mom - mom
I'm going to show a video real quick of
what Nick did yesterday do you know what
this video like I was in the fucking
game this is your sign you're probably
gonna be proud okay here comes three -
what Oh get down on the video is wrong
with you and made me oh I hear you made
me do it you can't pressure me no Nick
was telling me how much you wanted to
kiss oh my god with their tongue not do
it afterwards there is not just a beauty
more you kind of are oh how you
disrespected me in front of my family
this is my breaking point
oh I'm gonna thank you guys don't know
about dahm dahm buys all his condoms
from the dollar store
he buys a 12-pack for $1 what comes for
a dollar six and he's got to be good
mine any community that kids don't take
dates to prom anymore
same thing what does happen cover Texans
like yeah and then I got chlamydia Jace
is like my son disability Bali I think
it's about time you tell people by your
girlfriend do not yeah you don't want in
the log like you want to ruin your
chances with the girl to Coachella how
to in the coach Alice you know like the
Monday after there's going to be a big
news report that goes uh turns out how
Coachella was impregnated over this
literally like the bro is little corner
of your bed there got a bobble head
right here I hadn't even to that comedy
Chewie after you chew us in there yeah
now the expanding Chester what is your
score my lucky one I just have a guy to
invert condoms and put them inside
obviously save some money I imagine this
is what Todd's like after a shower
that's very vodka clapping traffic which
you like it subscribe tweet me at David
over in the up got time for myself let's
root beer
put your hand on the shoes I'm not going
to sit on my fingers again I know you
like that they twisted boy oh yeah when
you're not here you should see what he
makes me do I've never seen anyone take
off my clothes as fast as niqab
