do you by any chance ever think that I
invade your privacy with these logs not
allowing yourself you never invade my
privacy okay that's what I want to hear
I can tell you're about to open up that
fat trap of yours has nothing to do with
MIT don't try to protect anything don't
beat the shit and you know it's very
good wicker hey grandpa your dentures
are falling out oh I am 43 years old sir
here you need to put your fucking
hearing aid oh that old collar was a
real low blow but I guess that's what I
should expect from big dick what do you
bring up blow Jason is that why your
face is so fucked up oh oh really well
I'm going to be getting a pair of stilts
so I can see who's talking to me oh
that's cool the parents still get you to
see me but it won't get you to see your
kids more than once a week
oh hey I heard your parents came down on
Christmas morning and saw you and
thought Santa Claus left someone behind
Oh leave my parents are still alive oh I
was so drunk this morning he sent a
picture of himself shitting to his
girlfriend No show me the picture it was
not a feeling at all the text message
back was like all my little pooper
you're the type of guy who sent a
picture of your poop to a girl and
subject is the sexiest thing I've ever
seen in my life
understanding you're like are you
kidding ask you a question are you drunk
what's the most amount of girls you've
hooked up with in one night you mean
like one soccer team I feel like ever
since you guys made out yesterday you
guys became a lot closer are you guys
gonna start dating I like what's the
deal with that they're gonna fucking
fuck every night why is that a problem
it's not a problem there's gonna be a
fucking a little fucking kid running
around if you guys got a kid what would
you call it dumbass music managed to -
this isn't a YouTube channel what I
advocate on my name and dirty Dom
through gaming channel she had twins
what would you do I get like conjoins
Minh you don't get to choose if you're
conjoined twins they're not like the
ones with the head stuck together yeah
you don't get to choose that it's a
birth defect birth defect it's like my
brain problems a birth defect I have a
situation for you you have a
twelve-year-old kid right he comes to
you and he's like daddy daddy I found
this block what do you do that I'll just
teach me lots of good what kind of a lot
like a lesson that sharing is Kang out
split the blunt listen that smell - how
does the sleep right now so I went
outside my saran represents a car I must
tell them there's a surprise outside but
this isn't much of a surprise it looks
like a giant condom which would probably
scan because you've never touched
condoms life yeah your birthday's coming
up right yeah kind of one got you
something with that now we're outside
we're by the road so what can that mean
Iowa you're gonna be really surprised
I surrender at your car okay right okay
are you fucking kidding me as much as it
sucks David this is actually perfect if
a girl tries to keep my car she can't I
heard a girl tried a key your car I cut
her off like driving or something just
sleep with a girl gonna not call her
back
recently Dom got some papers in the mail
saying that he's eligible to be drafted
for the arms we've been watching the
news and it's looking like or maybe a
war it's about to break out I may be
going to war that would be perfect in
the military no showers no toilet paper
dumps been doing it all his life should
I've been eating out of cans food since
I moved to LA job go to the military
there yo yo while we feast him every day
John was ever captured by terrorists
they'd like start to like you over time
success is not bad bro sound works out a
deal with them because he doesn't care
about anybody but himself they're gonna
bomb America that's cool as long as I
get a climb this is a draft letter you
got read every please sign a return of
10 days failure to register selective
services is a federal crime and who
failed to register may be unable to
attain US citizenship and are not
eligible to smoke weed and that's very
exotic dr. Jennifer if you like and
subscribe tweet me at David Zellmer if
you guys haven't realized this is going
to be happening every Friday it's all
going to be linked in the description
and today Scott has some really
important news to share with us there is
the man of the hour
oh my god what is this balloon all about
nothing but I got new merch
Mourdock doesn't faze me more we've been
dating for 16 months
so I was at my content I'm locked up no
I think what you get for heat for his
birthday
- how you guys saw him give it to
robbing bother yeah no I post makes my
birthday look I'm fine daddy got drafted
he goes by the NBA
