what's up guys welcome back to dudes
clothes on we had this idea but we don't
know if it's bad can you help the boys
are swimming in the pool right now
they're in the pool - I want a baby yeah
she says to be fair she says cummins I
mean everyone I can't even imagine what
you guys talking about I am thirty honey
barbecue boneless way what's the
toughest part about being a dog owner
being alive what do you mean how much
yeah yeah so what would you do if you
had my baby girl I'd probably just cry
yes there prank Jonah by giving a fake
movie role was your guys's first
reaction I liked it I'm not joking I
walk into the house and she's playing it
while she says the second he found out
he was like I never I'm never filming
with you again
you know what crazy this whole this
whole thing was to calm down Jonah's ego
exactly after the addition he's like yo
David thank god you're recording that so
people could see what a good actor he's
like top dude trying to recover Tony
you're so humble odds are begin a big
movie come back to you
dude it's LA I have an idea give an idea
the shower on
only hues
she's 18 oh my god oh hey who's that
sexy big shooting in the back roll the
window down
money money money raising that's a
quesadilla shit something that makes you
like to subscribe to eat me at david
dobrik guys for this out drama to cut
the scott insane having a talent
competition
