not sleeping around why are you so
scared not sleeping around why don't you
guys get into a relationship you guys
can be all cute by having her wear your
boxers and stuff when your boyfriend
wears your panties taking it off to God
and I promise that I won't have sex
until I get married or until I'm really
horny okay I remember during the day you
got chlamydia I would put toilet paper
on all the toilets like an airport
because I'm so scared
one time I even literally I took water
from the sink and I wiped down the
toilet seat if you had to choose who
would you can't Dom occur in a friend
really yeah I want to test all those new
ways playing spin the bottle but it's
only between you and da house is going
to spend this bottle once and if it
lands on down you guys have to make out
for ten seconds and if it lands on
Karina I'll do Karina $50 okay are you
serious yeah where are the rolls tongue
a little bit of booty grabbing anything
landing on Dom side it has the grape
spread here it is come on come on come
on come on yeah yeah oh my gosh
telepsychic five over four minutes
that's right I've officially been
exactly I didn't know you moisturize I
don't kill myself by drinking this one
think you're always so sad why don't you
work in a sad place like a funeral home
like it gets you jealous if you know too
jealous of why all the people die yeah
you can be any character from any
superhero movie who would you be
spider-man's uncle spider-man's uncle
Dodd I know I cry every time I gets it
up last time she was me I have a friend
named Gertrude but everybody would call
her Gert and she would like to race and
whenever she would would say go girls
guys I have friend named Olivia
everybody would call her Nubia and he
was anything with her and we would say
Activia I do you hear that DOM is going
to take a girl to prom for $2,000 where
is this poor girl is we don't know yet
but apparently he's gotten tons of email
I think we've underestimated how many
girls in this country hate their fathers
all chosen to take the girls probably
was like hi my name is Tom I'm here to
take your daughter to chlamydia the
problem is a couple days going to
location if you want to become the best
vlogger yes I have quick reflexes I want
to put them to the test
you guys know damn right so I VidCon
he's gonna be charging people $500 for
people to sleep with him do you guys
want to get in on that business I don't
have that kind of money what do you mean
I can't afford that
no no I mean like oh do I want to also
charge P no body is worth more you think
ethers aim I think there's more square
footage on Zayn so it has to be worth
more logo sounds like fucking flowers oh
you're not fat I only say that because
you make sense right now okay cocky I
said you're not fat but don't get Rick
headed how much do you think that I can
charge probably like $1500 almost
looking close ashes oh come on ah how
many people did you hook up with a nice
cool I didn't have section to that very
school are you serious oh you never had
sex in high school no I went X in high
school I went back and took out my
teacher how old are you everybody and
you're still in college I took two years
off I took two years off for one party
two years off for college
Hippocrates all right how can you even
be more pride than frat itself the best
Redbox exotic que makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik dude
what song show use for the Oscars are
some Hoodie Allen some pretty Allen no I
use them last time because publicist is
literally about zooming dude you know I
got you clothes oh do you mean you got
me come on I really don't know what
you're showing me though I'm so confused
ah who is that yeah what row kidnapped
buddy Alan so you can sing your
ultrasonic can it kidnap rapper that was
awesome that was you can't make your big
stop stop fucking singing shit let me go
man let me go did you want me rose oh
nothing just show you
shuttle interruption in your home and
your home
I'm
our time
I see no interruption
Oh on the cow is it Scott Scott what is
it saying says I'm going to be happy
tomorrow oh good
it must be brother no chopping there
Scott keep saving them for a bit
