I'm gonna push Scott in the sky I'm
gonna push you in the door
okay so since it's your 21st birthday
I'll give you a little surprise you have
to be blind :
okay you actually have to actually get I
don't like I don't want that because
it's not bad your birthday exact that's
your plant you want me to think that
it's going to be something great because
it's my birthday but really a
Velociraptor is going to eat my face hi
guys so I figured out a way to bring a
Velociraptor back to life supply doing
or not that's Liza's favorite dinosaur
so I'm going to surprise her with this
Here I am what dressed out you were
going out for my birthday we really were
just going down the street to do I knew
you were going to surprise me for my
birthday so I decided to go ahead and
get my corneas removed I can't see I'm
blind there's a shirt of the blindfold
okay okay put it on oh that's not very
good on me I'll say this right now it's
not an animal I looked it up a Lhasa
Raptor not considered an animal I have
someone here is going to help you okay
yeah I'm Shelby this is Shelby hey
Shelby have a boyfriend I'm a show-off
it's a place it's a place come here
contact take the buy pull up in three
two one go where are you what is this
place Liza what's going on Danny with
the gun Eva shall be in stand for the
past month we're really hard at work and
they made you something he made me
something they made you that black
poster it's just a window and there's
like a line inside okay here we go four
three two go oh thank you it's all that
was insane really cool guys like
honestly like speechless because this is
really cool cute this is really got to
give a huge shout-out to Shelby and
Sandy because without that this painting
wouldn't have been hung I painted it and
they took the time to hang it up and
they were working on this painting
before I even met Liza that's how long
they were working on the floor I'm going
to link their Instagram down below
please go check out their artwork it's
literally insane did you get a tattoo I
did you got a new tattoo I did let me
see boom
Oh procrastination procrastination so
when girls go down on me there's like
wait okay I was in New Zealand for like
ten days so I texted him because I want
to check up on it and then he gave me
the driest response because I wanted you
to miss me games
I wrote you how are you and you said no
how much would make you from that why is
that you guys are goggles and you guys
don't even swim kids we don't want to
get water in her eyes when we run and
all that personal I don't know how to
say this without being rude but I think
my roommate Dom has completely lost his
mind I want to go to prom with dirty job
well now you can
for only $2,000 plus flight plus hotel
I'll go to prom with you this deal comes
about three to six hour reposts on my
Instagram of us going to prom email for
serious inquiries interesting two
thousand dollars so people go to prom
with you
yeah I think that's pretty good probably
a package deal yeah it's just a horrible
dragon spear it's like hey I have
chlamydia but I'm going to box it in
with a explain to people what happens
when they pay two thousand dollars to go
to prom with you it also depends if
you're a teen or if you're not 18 plus y
because if you're under 18 you get sex
and if you're over you go XM negotiating
for girl right now that wants to give me
a thousand dollars and people the fly so
it's in the works turn up are you
serious
what's a thousand dollars going together
I have shaken some semen on her forehead
here's what that to do this to pay me on
PayPal if anyone wants to pay me that is
my paypal the link will appear on the
screen right now Torvald there you go
with a big Nabire I have a sick
marketing tactic and it's I'm insane and
Davey's gonna put in the vlog because
I've lost my mind how does the whole
marketing thing is it's not crazy enough
he's going to plug in his log for first
shuttle shipping that's how you get your
way all the time
someone actually pays Dom two thousand
dollars to take him to Prague I will fly
out where pill I'm gonna record it could
USB pre put that into Dubai that trains
on face watching breathe makes you like
it subscribe tweet me at David Dober
guys Todd may have come back from New
Zealand but to all the girls he hooked
up with don't worry he'll be back in
nine months to take care of
yeah
expended painting real quick some people
this is elephant his name is Pookie
David gave them to me when I was four
years old
I'm Jimmy I think I'm Valentine's Day
who's that
I don't know this ring that David gave
me it has a very beautiful story behind
and it will be told on my channel you
know I love that lamp
