Wow so everything in this house has
meaning oh yeah everything we're about
that small TV what does that have to do
with anything that's just because I
can't afford a baby those two bruises on
the knees what do they represent one you
have a job we have to be on your knees a
lot and that job is prostitute studying
really hard just reading a book this is
my mom trigonometry the good part is
every scar tells a story and those
stories are pg-13 I was running home the
other night my foot gave up real estate
game out and I got rug burns
wow that was some rug burn where is that
one problem
yeah this one's room giving head Oh the
citrus story that may be a little too
girls for the internet but one of the
first weeks I moved in with DOM and
another roommate rehab I walked in on
him and the other roommate not Alec
double-teaming from Buffalo while I'm in
my other roommate were sex fiends all
day with you was just constantly have
sex and this is a last round like you're
on the couch I'm like this is it I
pulled it on my world of the three-way
it's fucking cock you guys keeping three
weenie girl from buffalo wings it's not
like she works at Cheesecake Factory was
my impression of David walking in on
them having sex okay today's vlog tweet
me David don't you offer your birthday
everything ends up sucking for example
my first birthday my mom gave in my life
I liked it at first one was shiny and
brand new now fucking sucks and we
should take it back if ever done
anything fun for your birthday my
birthday so much shark fishing with my
dad a really long time to find a shark
so I really said and then when the
sharks finally showed up I jumped in the
water and they didn't eat me so I was
even more so do you know how many people
would fucking kill another person to be
you I was fucking killed hottie to be
you why not fucking kill me to be got to
be honest I would want to be you it
could be a fun challenge to get myself
out of the little rut urine okay I need
attractive a fun to do like would you
ever go skydiving I want one and so
putting in stock well they made me wear
a parachute career in New York and we
had a really good time we go to the
event and of course everyone recognizes
fuckhead
I'm right behind him of course and he
goes hey what's up upset Monday that
updated and then he go this is my dad so
he introduces me as his dad Bonnie Joe
so then for the rest of the fucking
night people were coming up to me
congratulating me being games - my
question the entire night was why the
fuck are people so proud of data that
are you so proud of the way your son
Shane stored routed the way that your
son has just sort of piggyback in his
girlfriend's did you ever get bullied in
high school for being short
I just got bully because I'm a pusher
that's why people boys you're cool
because I can't fucking than never
that guy's got a door fast body but he's
big ass regular 12 inch Cobra copies
matching all of our girlfriends and they
are dying system immune to fuckin STDs
honestly you probably get herpes and
then the herpes virus decides to go like
there's not much room on this guy
normally I don't know if you're better
but this is Karina no can't possibly be
true my first great star of all time our
latest Bob she's number one more
Carmelita right now number two check the
whore rankings up on Zillow whatever you
buy home that's right Bobby and if you
want a good house in this neighborhood
you need a good prostitute and just like
homes Karina and I are property there is
an urban legend about this Karina and I
must know if it's true true that you're
on the grass and you want something that
hop and it was so good throughout the
shift at the same time you not use alrea
they're like actors like show it off you
know Joe is what I'm trying to tell you
a lot of exotic Brook makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at David Ober else a
Dalek raising up the Alex Alex you have
any idea what that meant no what is
convene yeah
you need to be more patriotic likely the
red white and blue look at me or or the
pink white and blue into those and say
parties between the legs akimbo I cannot
really shine I must post to Instagram
that's a table sorry okay
what would you ever do if you cheat on
me happiness often take it on a website
if you ever cheat on me
check your penis off the stick so just
this new merger you getting sweat your
phone case or you can get a cool shirt
it's all going to be linked in the
description so go check it out
