great idea okay go for what's right yeah
see how there's a drought in California
yeah how does it unions idea what if I
preserve the water and I wait till
California runs out of water and I sell
the water to the population Oh check it
out oh what's that I don't I'm here the
plants no even better
the water itself what do you so we're in
the sixth floor of our building I have
this bottle Alex and I'm going to throw
the bottle down there's no sixth floor
it's going to land the right way
Marina if you hit this everyone gets
will come up there to make fun of you
hmm oh come on come on come on make one
ocarina
yeah lots of garlics it'll be cool and
ingestion wouldn't even help your lips
Oh kidding oh look like big Nick Oh guys
thanks for coming it's your place this
is Alex
this is Bob do not take it off it's
you're under the age of 18 cover your
eyes okay well those are my viewers
everyone take three things you like
about DOM go Cristobal that nobody can
else knows me in like 12 years old croc
road without somebody Drive three months
ago three months ago I went for a walk
today why'd you go for a walk God told
me to did you speak to God it's the
strangest thing
are you still are on drugs you don't
have sex anymore right I'm a born-again
virgin dude are you serious where since
well since tomorrow night I got this bad
fucking bitch coming other people always
ask me what does God sound like or what
if you look like God sounds and looks
like everything you see the light and so
many that works just look at it right
now
it's glowing glowing cute to me that's
not give a girlfriend not now so who
does that you just showed me how is that
they just show me that's one of God's
servants
there were sent out from the heaven yeah
those nude yeah God told her to send
posted an Instagram video like hey guys
did you come into VidCon 18-plus bring
$500 yeah yeah and I'm like do it
actually I'm like bring $500 for section
$250 perhaps actually and it was up
Friday maybe like five six hours and
then it says Instagram it's taking down
your post no who reported your video you
don't know how the other prostitute is
trying to make money of it current how
easy is it to get you drunk is you're
really small so you coming to small
doses of alcohol
well rubbing hand sanitizer on your
tongue get you drunk to be under
anesthesia next month because they're
sticking a camera in my stomach why
you're vlogging from inside your stomach
is it a new block inside a hotel
basically what they're doing is they're
gonna put me a sleep right yeah with
their dicks that was anesthesia how are
the doctors going to do that they gonna
fuck me good that's how I mean you're
just going to be a sweet Oh fun it'll
wake up I'll be like ah my third doesn't
herbin my ass you hooked up with a girl
good come back here yeah for free a
little piece of you early you know a
little tape there mom you know what I'm
saying even though they thought she was
underage
it's VidCon you make $10,000 on your
prostitution next to this time you have
to pay everyone's a child support which
can support your prostitution because
they know they're going to get that many
more kids to come to the next event
yo what's up I'm dirty Dominic 27 kids
Dom being green is in the hotel room
look with the lights in Han South
America just come rad know when they do
look good book me if it's like really
quick just like autograph
naturally no I think I think Paris makes
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik yell fast daddy this is the only
for the vlog on this yeah picture what
this pretty fucking good blog
I have three miles up on my heart right
here and try to take us more than three
miles to get to the place I need to get
you so stupid I'm still hungry had to
get out I have to go thanks buddy
I rather date somebody who has yeah what
that's gross who's scared of elevators
me I can't wait to the other day the day
you called me from prison I'm going to
hang up the phone to start laughing and
I'm gonna have to call you back because
I laugh so hard
and this means it
