bane oh my god say quickly baby please
hurry up
we just learned of Dombey selling his
body for Sackett listen now hold on for
$500 any woman I want to have sex with
me $500 from full sex 254 caps extra
work perfect on this man's got to come
through me look I represent Dom Alex
take Nick I'm gonna bring Mick talk
about sex with 10,000 in your being dead
serious about selling your body for 500
well I haven't done it up I have an idea
to deliver on who's going to pay $500
for small doses of chlamydia eutectic
disease whoa not got them all already it
doesn't matter I can't live with a
prostitute okay okay well then even
though it pays my restaurant next year
this is a 16 year old that asks have sex
with you from $70 knowing jobs that will
be like you know what 550 everyone
coming to VidCon this year no jobs area
Ferrari their exam exam how'd you get
that had sex with 20 people afternoon
are you meeting up with this girl
yes I for finals probably that she got
super fine that's not gold is she let's
just say a charts r550 this time you
actually don't need to be blindfolded
what I can't put this on you because
it's that dangerous keep the headphones
on okay
I didn't want it to ruin your floor so I
put your blankets under the box why are
you around it because I don't want to be
near it come on baby
I'm questioning so much right now
go deciding to breastfeed doesn't make
you feel wet like I'm laughing if you
want to keep I want to keep one okay I
feel so high right now your names are
clicking baby oh my god you always
wanted kids yeah my mine would you come
a dog is actually my other kid with my
side Shh
the sad news is these babies don't
belong to us and we can't keep it what
they do belong to Kyler on that and
maybe started a channel if you want to
go follow their daily vlog Emily their
link in description so you can go check
out more twin babies and more family
stuff I attach the velcro to you can I
throw you out a dart board we should do
other ideas like maybe burning down the
hospital since we're on the subject of
shitty ideas no I don't want to ruin
your second home what's your biggest
fear probably not getting that pleasure
even what are the shoes which Power
Ranger need your skills those shoes come
up you want a game of laser tag let me
give you those when you turn 40 I think
the government said a computer like
happy 40th what was the price of those
shoes not having sex ever it is just
normal shoes and then you wrap them in
fruit buy the fucking classic money buys
you happiness a my life just I have a
terrible I look on everything you came
in with a sandwich the other day and you
were like Todd Todd you gotta try this
sandwich Judas so good now standing like
two feet away I was like fuck you
doesn't want me to try it do they like a
minute later you're like cotton you want
to try it I like thank God all this is
that you can decide to be happy or you
can decide to be sad and I think that
being said is just truly the only way
that I can be happy by cop strangest
surrender up the toilet here show how
long Oh
they not having an argument I'm trying
to tell saying that boys can't pee into
a toilet without lifting the seat up
without getting pee all over the street
he normally with an old stand in like a
weird spot do it from like right there
yeah literally looks like exploding in
the furtherance straight blocks it's
often absolutely miss you like subscribe
tweet me at David over in your bad names
bring Scott here they've got one here in
the outro
what's wrong with brown babies what they
didn't have any brown babies they always
have brown babies no crisis no well
that's right this are always giving up
brown baby yeah I wanted item Devi will
you buy one you get one for all
