all right what's up guys my friend Nick
who we all called Jonah has a bit of an
ego when I get my first major role I'm
gonna go by the way we've tried multiple
times to bring him down back to earth
but it's just not working so this time
we decided to try a new approach so I
had my manager call him and tell him
that Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow are
interested in him being the new lead
role in knocked up - huh Jonah right now
they are casting knocked up - I think
it's like the third lead in the entire
movie my manager told not to mention
anything to his friends but of course he
couldn't resist oh he won't talk about
this I swear to god they're strongly
considering me to play Jonah those
little brother I don't think you have
the acting chops to be in a movie like
the help you know I don't I'm the best
then we had Doug's assistant Doug being
a made-up studio executive scheduled
meeting with Jonah for the following day
yes thank you we're all really excited
this is gonna be amazing okay sounds
good thank you so much the next day we
headed over to the studio and had that
act as Seth Rogen's agency we had our
buddy Nick playing Doug and then his
coworkers playing the agents at the
agents during the meeting we're gonna
have Seth Rogen Colin who's played by
Vincent who's gonna be on the phone hey
Seth how are you make sure Jonah
believes it all we had Brandon type up a
fake script that Jonah is gonna redact
of me but of course the whole thing
wouldn't be complete without a fun
little message for Jonah on page four if
his script now we were finally ready to
do the prank all right guys I'm going
out there and just light
Thank You rates mommy this is also Nick
stuff gonna be here but he wants you to
talk to really quickly yeah thank you
for having me oh shit Thanks thank ya I
was trying to get off of YouTube as soon
as I fucking could my second city
teachers over pissed off at me my
fucking beauty really really so what I
want to do really probably go over a
couple pages with script hi my name is
Nick Antonia and it's tough on one more
thinner G Oh God
dear Lord Jesus help me here Allah
allowed dark followed by shit falling
into the toilet more farting and shit
falling into the toilet how did it go
under for you it's like you're all just
come out and say it
I got her knocked up I'm fat and I'm
ugly and I've never seen a vagina ready
welcome
good news they said you were they said
you were actually really good they said
you didn't get the part cuz there wasn't
one fine what you in both we were he
just said he loves us can't wait to see
what he says in 10 min whatever when you
saw the page of the middle finger never
so defeated by subscribe to Jonas
channel he was really funny stuff he's
gonna be on YouTube forever
look at that I'll sign that for you too
if you want me to
