fun fact I was shooting a bit with Jason
and Corinne and Dom are literally
sitting right behind us making out on a
couch and it was this sound it was that
sound when people are like trying to
fuck while other people in the room was
a guy this is the last time we're saying
goodbye to the house and ironically
there's a really good ironic Emmentaler
there were like five boys that lived in
this house so there is a lot of sex that
happened in this house and to my
knowledge the last person to have any
chocolate wow how many people today took
of it in all your years ten eleven how
many loves your club where he can't see
told me is like a hundred thirty six
very fucking job every food no is not
his phone no no no I was a harder job
I'm going to be both 25 I've known you
for like a year and a half and it's at
least that sportage HD count for him
because that was like pop can't even
count that high
I'm a developer we could never count
past 320 fucking girls David and I was
one night I was like you crazies my ID
once everyone to know that he's only
slept with 20 girls think we're good you
guys realize where the three most
pathetic in the wall welcome an 18 year
old kid living in my own apartment got
fucking bad-ass business family no
you're amazing what it was like a diet
Ebola never been between you and I is I
want to die Jason guys they stop no
she's not I invited you guys here for a
reason because you three are the most
pathetic p-functioning I know what place
famine not in the fucking pathetic zone
word for word suppose it's looking on
bad bitch Avenue long story short then
Heath and I were hanging out at their
apartment and he brought up that he
really likes the band Steel Panther keep
in mind this was like two days ago so I
went and I hit up Steel Panther and now
they're coming to surprise Heath insane
inside their own apartment yeah well I
thought so as much as it like pisses me
off that you always fucking bring shit
over like deep down a little bit
megha is excited because it's always
like a part of the animal kingdom I've
never said that you're only think you
get okay got a new house surprise David
bought a new house I bought your
apartment complex I'm your landlord by
economic future you all motherfuckers
the actual surprise is upstairs right
now
hey Kimmy no I just took you out here to
distraction shot okay keep your eyes
closed okay okay follow me and guys
follow me okay no that can be real loud
oh so pissed I couldn't make to the show
and you're saying you really like them I
think yeah and I fucking Saturn and so
on a new song it's real quick you a
quick do I love God I wouldn't get
busted
I'll be happy long a proper they work
let's raise objects watching Mandy makes
you like it subscribe tweet me at
David's over guys their new album lower
the bars coming out so you can pre-order
I'm gonna link in the description hey
what's golfing
camp all the way
see the back
Oh
Ankit they're walking around right now
looking for what I got on baby open up
women in NJ know from a car like that's
not your car with you
