but smoke everywhere what are you doing
Alex Jesus Christ what are you doing
fucking hot off in this bitch
alright live then I got this big
pregnancy test and we're going to see if
we can trick our friend okay what is
going on is it you getting married maybe
it is have a baby shut up shut the fuck
up
here's lying it's a praying is afraid
you already got me oh you can say it
right now because I reacted I reacted on
the screen are you serious yeah Rui your
mind
you guys are so y'all that's insane
congratulations mr. sir you know I can't
believe it they could bait them bitches
my god don't you get that you're my
favorite part about all of it is that is
completely fake words you added I can't
take care of my kid now I have to take
care of their yeah you are desperate for
material then please do me a favour and
you smoke out of it I love it you don't
want to go out ten bucks you feel hi
describe quick look ridiculous Dom are
you ok literally complicated by wait
hold on I have to get some more
distressed where why you're pregnant or
you're engaged or you got a house rosing
died let us say the surprise I heard
live at home I'm chewing candy whose how
to tell them that I'm pregnant
actually I don't believe you because it
was the last time I don't believe you I
don't want a dress I don't believe that
you're a fake it's a prank there's no
water
thank you sir for your we are fucking
lying I'm actually now wait are you
serious
we are you crying oh really laughter so
I don't know how do you click it let me
go say nothing is it over actually yeah
well it is real time very happy and I
love you but if they gonna fucking
murder bull go separately for realism
thank you
you know what a camera I would be like
oh my god is real yeah yes but I know I
just don't care about maybe not you but
I don't want to put it go on put the
camera down because I can't capture
reaction when we tell you it's fake I
don't go back if you like I like these
videos like it is not actually done
telling people like I feel so this is
required for bad I know I felt that it
wasn't for the camera doing it okay how
many sessions have you had with your
therapist I just had my one-year
anniversary with everybody that's not a
good thing my mom's like daesil
relationship yes how do you really good
with your parents right
because when you talk about actresses
Christmas 2015 or crying I swear to god
I've ever in my life yeah what's the
last thing a parrot that you my mom
asked me to unblock her phone number one
of Liza's biggest fears is that she
forgets to flush the toilet after she
uses it so I got this big piece of poop
and I'm gonna see if I can convince her
that you forgot I'm gonna blur it out
when I put in the video oh my god I got
somebody broke into my house into
computer if it was just playing with a
tennis ball you knocked over my trash
can when he was picking it up he's on
this fix it no it's a positive pregnancy
test did you take it not tell me what is
this in the trash just a prank Liza peed
on it earlier Monterey the success rate
blogging tracking Brenton makes you like
a subscribe tweet me at David's over it
I realized that we make a lot of
pregnancy jokes so I want to reassure
everyone that we're not having a baby
yeah no we're not having a baby
we're having two babies cuz we're having
sweet
Oh
but work is hot working mommy on that
get it
oh my god
