hey that's not what you said
and our frat you'd have to shower as
well as balls again I smell this bad
watching it you're like spreading really
laughing I'll not come out with our
phone in the bathroom just clean your
toilet when your roommates have to wash
your balls cuz you're so dirty
ah fucking blood with Oh like on the
right side of my chest one last question
before I go will this make the vlog yeah
it was kind I had been watching a lot of
videos where people blow up things in
their microwave so we bought a microwave
to do that exact thing but then when we
told Zayn and he that we're going to do
it they were like no way I'm going to
pretend like we're blowing something up
but really were just making popcorn
popcorn back to it 90 80 70 60 11 10
baby fine fucking house security deposit
like we're not going to get that Batman
what's the problem with the exact only
times it'll blow my fucking house this
is our house I'm on the lease like I can
get in trouble the reason we can afford
a table is because we create content is
bluey not a big deal just a microwave is
a big deal all we want to blow something
up do it outside and not in the house I
don't know what the big deal is
like literally guys it's not a big deal
we were just trying to make a bag of
popcorn Cigala rates for me also he's
miss I need to be worried right now
Oh your ass all go to drop good I know
what happened you always put lotion on
around me you know why because you want
me to think that you don't use this just
for masturbating so you go on and you go
put this on your body just wrap around
comes eleventh birthday yeah not on a
Playstation Oh
what made you want to my PlayStation
just wanted to get them something nice
I do love him you know how they love you
more I really just wanted to set the bar
high yeah what's up guys I can't stay
long because of the lawyers I know I
haven't been the best dad over the years
I know my work on the internet had
caused you a lot of pain and you've
gotten beat up at school and stuff in
lockers because of me
Coraline so dear old dad you're like I
really come through today and I watch
okay yeah I think Alucard is a ps4
that's something outside for you guys
you guys want to see what I have
something else not come here come on
come on just open the PlayStation have
something come on keep them closed guys
come on guys come on it's telling I can
Josh back and I think 70 well I never
thought it it's okay I'm definitely
getting for the PlayStation it doesn't
come with any game does it no I can't
afford a key that's okay we can just
ride the pony all right yeah dude you're
the best uncle I've ever had no problem
David I didn't know you were this cool
that's Josh Patton yeah I think this is
it as though I'll never have a good
relationship with my kids this is really
hides a lot but we all saw Convocation
be honest can you feel my piece were to
get the Lions my dad says I should stay
far far away for so fast me as a Tremec
at a few because constantly
disappointing everyone what exactly
could you give up on you to your kids
cry when anyone mentioned your name
until I met you there's some said you
were dead you're walking anti-drug
commercial a fire son googling adult you
make me question God Christian what are
you even doing here you just come here
to ridicule me where I live for that's
your advice big shot - Mikey make sure
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anything else that Liza ah thanks
for watching guys Liza what are you
doing I'm smoking a cigarette yeah
massage
you
quickly to go behind them this is your
big breakers casting directors killer
I'm gonna go try to get on camera
holy shit Gaby I think I know
