you want to go see a movie or should I
get wasted first why would you get
wasted her
I don't like remembering the movie so
when it comes out on DVD I can watch it
again at the whole new movie and then I
told her that you can't have my licorice
that's bubblegum Grayson hey what's with
all the pies thank you a bunch of times
for the orphanage Ravenel type you were
going to northen a channel a volunteer
will be little joshing Oh local survived
I think you're going better what's up
Jason what's going on what you mean by
that what I mean by my good luck pot I
think you just meant good luck with the
pie good luck with the pot is done
period okay well it's kind of way you
said it
good luck with pot I don't know Josh
maybe you're trying to fucking not be
passive aggressive right now it's not
the means to say it man I'm talking come
on say I'm not trying to be anything you
do you let this guy in your fucking
house David and I tell you that he's
crazy like you would just help for
things in shunka Wakan I am healthy
you're the one making nasty comments and
I come in here kind of but he said good
luck with the pot you know it's funny I
actually I know two orphans you can help
right now your two kids at home maybe
you can like bring them a real dad this
or your son or your dog
nagi-chan wash it all off you have to be
shower
Alex Jason you woke up there you too
Josh I better not fucking bust the fuck
alright so he's coming back tally right
now I'm picking him up from the airport
and the boys have no idea he's coming
I've been telling Zane and Scott that
I'm bringing an animal over and they're
getting really mad at me because they
want nothing to do with an animal at
this time concerti 11:00 p.m. they also
saw he's about two weeks ago so I'm not
sure how excited they're going to be
able to surprise I honestly think
there's going to be really mad at me but
it's worth a shot
well I can't just say this for next week
when it's like when we're all up and
like honestly didn't come here with oh
my god I think hi guys I've only been
back an hour and we're already doing
surprise
back to the garage why are you guys so
angry you know because we said no just
please bring it it these guys I know
Doreen's made room see you in a minute
okay come on out
don't touch the box again what is it
what do you think Carly I think it's a
growler Todd any more guys has anybody
ever got near the Cobra it still is just
a big dumb animal every just watch the
reaction back to when he came out I
literally hasn't be like my real-life
break its own awkward silence nobody
gave up fuzz on really we were going to
light a snake can we please taking I'm
really come on come on please please
guys come out what do you think of this
nice Thank You Raymond yooba dooba
anybody have any other dresses come on
yeah Hasan is way back so now we're
going to try to surprise not maybe
something let's not headed up against
because we saw her here you know I'm not
even excited to see Tom season hi baby
ah
oh geez and ash wrote directed a
wonderful movie called FML and if you go
I can survive the tour 99 - rented for
ninety nine to five it's a fair price to
rent survive I did resist or someone
would go up to the guy like hey can I
rent every mom in the building or you
know the same price you can have it ha
ha ha
better a lock they said Bailey makes you
like and subscribe tweet me at David
Ober tons of you guys want to build meet
and greet so we're going to have a me
angry at lines playful after giving the
address
yeah someone three okay seven six
that's your phone number oh yeah text me
I'll tell you
I don't can I just try to see my wiener
in a water bottle boy that was a kid it
didn't always work
