you guys like Jason's mom yeah yeah
she's hot she's what sorry she's like
very um I think you're gonna be a
big-time comedian one day fuck yeah you
do what did Brandon and I tell you we
told you to stay off of the shrooms
Trisha would be fun if she got her
wisdom teeth removed like all drugged up
it could be the greatest video of all
time no because the Trisha you're so
crazy it wouldn't make a difference at
all sure sure would be like I had 30
penises in my mouth last night and I'd
be like okay let me know when the drug
set in what are your favorite
entertainers of your time to watch your
parents have sex every day of your life
or you join in once to stop it really
why are they so against piercings in
your culture I don't know anything your
mom's gonna be like surprise three two
one
surprise you good mood today you'd never
be mad at me right no no it's not
possible because we love each other
I'm sure the surprise yeah sure
can you guys close your eyes I could
show you the final surprise what does
keep us long either foot he's deep I'm
gonna tell you guys to open your eyes
and three choosing one turn around we're
going to jail needs to take that out now
because his nipples were too small for
these specially Michaela makes you like
it subscribe true dad david dobrik any
else bad guys yes David I'd like to take
this moment to say a few words go for
dog cat circumference basketball haha
hobo yeah oh these are favorite words in
my favorite worried
my own TV show
