people ask me why I humiliate myself in
your vlogs yes for those two little
angels there - kids yeah but I don't pay
you okay it's for me I need the
attention I'm always on Craigslist
looking for new Adam let's look at this
one we just found imagine that thing at
her house oh it was a really loud foul
wait one more minute okay no saint scott
come out here don't make any moves I
bought you a little present
it's a pony oh my god oh my gosh she's
probably really nervous you don't bring
a girl into a bedroom for the facts I
mean hey Gaby what are you doing here so
you know how like the packing peanuts is
like a bad idea right yeah
the boys were really mad right so I
bought him something come here come here
Eddie often Pony Kristin toothbrush oh
you smell this is gonna come in my room
be like who's fucking hair my god I got
a great thumbnail it's not like a kiss
from his eyes what's the big idea you
want to share with us josh is gonna
entertain Japanese businessman I have
some Japanese clients okay a lot of
money in Japan yeah Joshua if you're
comfortable doing this and I don't see
the reason that we shouldn't do it
wasn't it here this guy's great hero how
are ya hi mr. hero this is Josh paddles
don't know what is he saying Jason how
he's saying we would wish he was more
like the show a little bit fatter why
does he care so much about how he looks
like Jason can you ask Hiro what he
wants to do with Josh what I don't know
dogura what is he saying Jason when I
said that he was a fan of Josh's and he
wanted to do a mean green what I really
meant was I wanted to suck him off in
the parking lot of the chick-fil-a I'm
gonna fuckin we can't have you have sex
with Josh Peck he's an American icon
dude what is he saying this is your cue
to he says I'm cute too Mangla God Jason
you don't know Japanese
c'mon he says he likes Josh you look too
much like a lesbian yeah you are blowing
this for me oh I'm blowing this for you
this guy's part of a fucking game you
would set six with my undercarriage yeah
I'm gonna let him do that yes what drink
and fucking josh is over dude it's wrong
the theme of things that are over what
about your relationship with your kids
that doesn't hurt my feelings I haven't
thought about my kids in week mr. hero I
don't want to disrespect your culture I
thought about what did I just say
everyone hears the Japanese for the
fuck's that awkward in school we went to
real go and learn fucking English on a
movie set oh okay I'm sorry oh it's busy
being famous oh come on Josh that's a
bad card of time shit I can continue to
put on this front that I'm just one of
the guys but I'm not I'm Josh fucking
Peck how much are you selling Josh's
body for I don't know how about $100 100
bucks are you fucking out of your mind
I would go to not dinner what is she
saying I don't know I really don't speak
Japanese I've been making out the entire
time I have no idea what this guy's
saying he just showed me your Twitter
feed and what like this that's why I
likes watching Jay makes you like it
subscribe tweet VI david dobrik guys if
you haven't noticed the past five outros
have been pre-recorded and this is the
final one because Lazar comes back today
I'll come back today I'm like I'm so
glad to be back I missed you so much I
miss you too you did I miss your
as Muslim
these balls of rifle he needs release it
I wasn't gonna do it for him he's gonna
go to the police why is it what the car
Tripoli does anyone care to know his
real name his name's Eric
