today we're going to be doing a family
Q&A who do you like more David or Liza
Liza what you got a new car no the other
one was repossessed this is my friend
Dan
why was the repossessed I didn't pay the
bill David you changed my life man
you're an inspirational roommate to me
and I tell you that every day because
it's true you know you changed my life
you know why what because sometimes I
take for granted everything I have
uh-huh and then I look at you and I
think holy cow
thank God I have what I have oh shit
where's my camera
Nick I'm so fucking sorry ah why does he
do something like that one of my
camera's not on I didn't break a design
I didn't break it you're fucking buying
me one
I've even got your own camera I'm not
buying a new one it was broken to begin
with fucking turn the camera fucking
dick or just with you bringing new
people to my house and having a fucking
break my TV
I'm pissed I don't even want to be on
the laundry I'm not gonna wait for you
to pay me back okay back bill you
fucking bitch ever ever singing hello
like action on Monday you guys can't
walk out of here and not get me in you
two-bit fucking dick move that's all I
have right now it's all I have hundred
percent okay let's go to Best I look at
TVs you're coming up because I'm kind of
you maybe people cuz you're TV really
have like the worst attitude about
everything literally about everything in
the world like here's the thing all
right over oh my fucking god
I don't do this shit again you fucking
second time I can't believe we had this
fucking 30 minute confident or nothing
so mad I was like I really can't be
hating on this dude I knew is no
accident you wanna know why cuz I fuckin
fake thumbnails all the time a popular
video it's showing me crying I put eye
drops in before I fucking did that song
yeah as you guys know I'm super obsessed
with my car and I just got a really cool
update on it that I've heard a lot about
but I haven't seen in person I'm gonna
show you guys the first time I see it
and the first time Scotty and Jason see
it as well it's Vega the show will begin
after it I leave the car okay let's go
friends here we go
cool
that was his hottest
oh they'll fit in there this is so
stupid that it's correct this is your
uncle's funeral could you you could tone
them the car antics - my favorite part
watch watch
firework shit oh my god this is
ridiculous
oh my god thank god that's over my Kia
Sportage if I shatter the window is this
really cool alarm music oh what's your
favorite part about meeting your
followers hugs hugs are you gonna be
excited when you see them I'll put on
the fake smile I'm pretty excited about
Teslas new updates so about 30 minutes
ago I made a snapchat telling people to
meet me at the Grove in about 30 minutes
I didn't give anybody much warning so I
don't think too many people are gonna be
there but I'll hope it for the best can
you explain to me how much of a prick
you have to be to have a meet-up for
your own fucking car
no David drives a Tesla correct we all
sort of hate him for it right
David got an update today in his Tesla
the Tesla's gonna do something cool you
sure gonna even like it cuz I loved it
and when I are around the same age
why she crying good she loves me update
on my car everyone say bye Tesla it was
all just a dream my car says that I get
in I chose well I think swatching dan
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
David Ober he was making up a bunch of
really basic white people names for the
outro because he hasn't looked at
anybody yeah
