oh my god this is so sick come here come
here shut the fuck up this Mary I'm
balling come here not bad just look okay
I see it
no you don't see anything yeah yeah
looking that I think I do something no
I'm not kind of like literally look in
there Jason Shawn that's cool Jason you
Shawn that's cool yeah okay so here's
what's happening right now it's
Christmas Eve and my family opens gifts
on Christmas Eve my siblings really
really badly wanted a puppy so I got in
the next best thing
Ilya isn't we playing the role of my
sibling ready open your gift oh my god
pythons okay calm down
but that's not that what do you think's
in here without touching the box what
are you happy you think there's a puppy
a hoverboard in this box
one two three Toby come touch it good
for you go play with home here I'll take
them up I'll give you a good present
okay don't ruin Christmas yeah okay I'm
sure how much would Jason have to make
for you to marry him like a quarter
million quarter of a million about a
quarter of 25,000 that spot looks a
little tight do it they should do it get
a little head start maybe push into it a
little more oh my god dude you broke the
car I cancer to God the fuck up
no you did oh my god no joke the car oh
I did break it I broke it like a ton
like it's not just like a like a little
break or they would have noticed I
forget a lot who now what then we got a
fucking fix it dude why because this is
a fucking rental I know it can't just
take it back and be like yo guys I'm
sorry the weather yo guys I'm sorry the
fucking weather is fine but it was
completely fine I'm just a fucking idiot
I drove in the fucking ice really I
didn't know that was gonna happen
dude I do have it I knew that was gonna
happen actually then why'd you touch it
back I knew that was gonna happen 100%
why'd you do it cuz you're a fucking
bitch
okay because dude you fucking nag me
undo everything you manipulator you you
manipulate human if you like jason you
manipulate me you into play fucking Josh
Peck look I didn't want you to do that I
told you is about I do you told me do it
you told me to back up and go fucking do
it
I know I did not so then I go she's not
a car she's my sister
Alex fucking great David this is fucking
great yeah fucking Josh Peck now yeah
we're all friends we're just hanging out
he likes the vlog we got a free meal the
other day because they're like Josh Peck
remember there we are free food like
Josh pictures and paper his burrito
bowls here for you and ship oh yeah yeah
so Paul Leahey yeah McMahon fuck no ha
what's going on to the fucking touch
that God call near know your father
fucking gave it to me he doesn't love
you this is all he can fucking moustache
Holly talk about so much fun Jason you
gotta stop being a jerk to Alec he just
fuckin attacked me because you were mean
to him you were judging him I didn't say
anything Josh didn't like support yeah
he was just too much of a fucking pussy
to save you didn't like the Chipotle
either Alex wait
ah you meant me I thought you fucking
liked it John I thought it was not bad
and you could use a little work but we
hang out more some of my hilarious is
gonna rub off on you just laughs like it
was okay and you just made me look like
a fool look the way you yell at me
people are only fucking like trying to
be like Oh Josh peg you're the best and
you treat me like a normal person not a
celebrity to you am I
but he likes the letter you look them I
like it I think it a lot oh fuck yeah
shut the fuck up well no not really
that's a very locked exotic George wish
you liked it subscribe tweeted me at
david dobrik guys liza has a big
surprise to tell everybody go for yeah
i'm pregnant
Oh
tell em you kidding okay I kid mmm cuz
I'm having one no she's up I ever made
in this town hates me like I was this
close to being friends with just tight
and how I start fucking grow again
