I'm really bad at transitions but I'm in
Chicago literally like I can't go
anymore I don't want to die with you in
the car
why'd you ask me Magog is the only show
your name in the article coming coming
yeah I need a favorite Josh what's wrong
good what's up what's right what's up
I'm in a chick you met a chick yeah
how'd you better what'd you do
I was rolling down the street and she
just seemed like she won does she
probably have an STD yeah I'm a realist
okay you're on your way
okay great texture on your hair pen oh
you are excited I haven't had I haven't
had a lot oh come in come in this isn't
a woman this is jason nash right here i
can say that to my girl like that no
look at her chest why is it so hairy I'm
looking and I'm like what I'm saying
every STD copy what kind of good pairing
responsible and she's letting me know
and that's the first step Bobby I suck a
dick on Sunset Boulevard I suck a dick
in Amsterdam I suck a dick all over the
world
Bobby you travel the world I do like to
try that's how he making the trouble on
his dick I take it down to fucking okay
yeah means what okay how old are you
were five years ago I was 14 14
you're 19 years old right now and
looking good then I say can you list
some celebrities that you've had sex
with Oh see leonardo dicaprio tobey
maguire lizzie mcguire
it's a good liar a lot of your dryer
blow to McGuire's and for some reason
it's all about a lot of mcguire oh my
god my friends in Guadalajara would not
believe I'm hanging out with Josh Peck
after water bottle who is the best
celebrity you've had sex with oh we have
to be big make big how big is it
it's what's inhibiting its crook'd
really it's a good anchor it won't let
him get bigger you decided to be a good
idea go get his butt way my god here we
go do it no one two three no okay
oh god don't you think oh my god it
looks like he's having an orgasm right
there oh my body hurts
I'm stickiest shit Elizabet know what
the third person is I want to do right
here candy right now Oh AHA no this
actually makes me uncomfortable to the
comedian finish it fishes have no idea
how to do this we're going to mess it up
never like that you can't see but it's a
forest down ahead Mike hold my fucking
hand bro do it what is the smell like
I'd like learn to breathe Ilia poops
right now is a reflex laughing is not
funny
you got two sides from it bro you know
anything's funny my whole problem this
is also like a salon and we get out
there and they're like how was it and it
was good but like we know we turn the
music down so we can hear you Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas everyone make
sure to be thankful for a working neck
Merry Christmas enjoy the time of your
family I know mine left me Merry
Christmas
made Christmas I'm only doing this
because
and obviously would be a default for a
while and my views are drop Merry
Christmas and if you don't get any
presents this year that's because Santa
Claus is sleeping in my bed Merry
Christmas not do it like you're not a
douchebag oh yeah hey Christmas Merry
Christmas but you know really Happy
Hanukkah cuz I'm a Jew and I feel
totally left out bad Christmas everyone
I can't wait to come next year that's
our dog thanks Austin Anna makes you
like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys guess what I have for Liza
parked outside right now
looks like he's pregnant in the snapchat
I could be Rhea Thanks
