when your life is falling apart but
somehow you're able to pull it together
welcome to Greco's New York Pizza I just
got a text from a random person that
Jason is on the side of the street right
now so I'm going to see where he is
oh my god this is not just good oh yeah
hey big boy what are you looking for
today
don't pretend like I don't know who you
are my name is Carmelita your nerves
Carmelita you're not saying English
you're not English pregunta question
burrito you want her you know they said
puppy if you don't want something don't
waste my time that day you come out here
to make fun of me no fuck off douche no
get in the car
hey puppy see lumber yard the lumber
yard go to the lumber yard yeah fuck my
ass in the lumber yard
nobody's cars hey yeah nice puppy you
make it a lot of genero I might take you
to my roommates they won't have sex with
you we can do that okay it's going to
cause I know it's gonna cost a lot of
money yeah and we'll figure that out
it's at least $14 $14 e Rojas C for
everything copy I do it all for you
because you have a job before this si
papi a significant bigger kick that's a
Burger King I segregate the chick-fil-a
what's your blog watch my vlog and let
me take a selfie
Rafi that's dumb Oh Shi you owe me money
you got that don't fuck with me I'm the
fucking boss you got it
Jesus Christ okay papi you can drive now
two years ago when you move to LA did
you expect yourself to be where you are
today
I don't know why I don't expect to be a
legend but now you're not a legend who
would you compare yourself to Albert
Einstein hold on by Nicolaus Tex la
Tesla yeah a new list X long oh my God
look II cuz you're so cute
would you stuff your belly with Zane do
you like Christmas born where Santa's
helpers but first we're gonna help
ourselves
Oh
good a lot of times that I vlog when
saying there's an Arab joke that's made
and he's like dude it's cool I'm Arab I
can make those jokes he'll make all
these like blowing up Airport jokes
you're doing make I mean you like it's
cool dude I'm Arab I'm with a bunch of
random Arabs and I'd make Arab jokes
like what are you doing it's cool my
friend lived in Lebanon for two years
how often do you get stopped at airports
like through the security line every
time every time I go to an airport and I
show them this it's like I look like I'm
about to attack everyone and it's stuff
I gotta take encounter to get my ticket
she's like is this gonna be a round trip
or one of these half of one way let's
just say I will not be editing on the
ground oh my god sir what's in your
carry-on it's just better shoot okay
I'll see you later text me when you land
what I say what's up dude that's a fine
wind yo Nick I'm gonna get back there
I'm gonna throw the ball okay I'm gonna
throw in the hoop wait why don't worry
if I hit your head is longer come on
Nick are you okay here we go three two
have you ever done sprite and banana
challenge what does it make even today I
don't even know if that word means if it
means you your your semen doesn't work
your dick doesn't work
no they won't do it but my dick already
doesn't work fast it's fast
dude it's a fast challenge right here we
go second banana let's do this not if
you have to puke run get a batplane
I don't think it's gonna work yeah chug
it though you got Chartier after you
finish that banana go go go go dumb dumb
dumb
oh fuck dude what does it feel like Oh
feels like my fucking stomach skin
Explorer David nothing maybe a like a
really strong stomach what you hear is
like a shrimp
the Dom probably is a really strong
stomach you try it I don't want to I can
Jason just try it I don't want to lace
it nothing's gonna happen dude I'm
fucking old and you don't know ten bucks
yes yes yes yeah boom second banana
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga check what
does it feel like it feels like my
stomach's of politics what does it feel
like you're gonna throw up
no I'll be fine that's robotics watching
Alison makes you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys New Year's
is coming up and you know what the best
part about New Year's is I know the best
part about New Year's yes party
you
he through 9:27 and as much as it
implanted for men to die once and out
