are you guys ready to be part my intro
Liza does he something cool yeah okay
come on okay it's gonna be a dog I know
it's a time is it ah what is that who is
that crisis it's Josh Peck Josh back
from drinking Josh back David tea I
don't know oh never fucking talk to you
again
he needs to be set free they need to be
set free I told you we are hanging out
dude I was a cast member and were there
for 12 hours 12 hours that I poured my
heart and soul into your stupid show we
should be friends okay we're both actors
you had a lot of success i-i've watched
your success he's not my friend
yes I am no you fucking used me for the
blog yeah you're right yep that was the
tab to use me for the blog Oh fucking
asshole you know all those times I
texted you and you didn't text me back
I knew somewhere in that fucking you
need body of yours you want to make it
coming bring you here so we can rekindle
this shit you sleep you look fucking
great I mean good enough to fucking eat
bro you look great but I'm getting it in
at the gym what are you up to now five
days a week
enough about me you're so successful you
probably have a bunch of money in your
bank but your kids probably love you
they do love me and it's everything in
the world to me and you're probably
fucking hanging with John Stamos on a
fucking boat cuz I check your Twitter
John and I are really close and we hang
out with Bob Saget - we hang out with
Bob we hang out with uncle Joey who's
got a real name it is him Steve create
uncle Joey has a real name
it's Dave cool yeah you're telling me
when you hang out with Dave Coulier you
abbreviate his name and give him the
nickname of Dave cool yay
fuck your life you hang out with uncle
Joey I fucking hate you you know your
kids are an hour you wouldn't dare I
love you in dare I would I think
I don't know
where my kids are my kids aren't taken
away from me they are in another state
what have they been taken away from you
cuz I'm a shitty father I'm such a
shitty father I wouldn't be able to get
in touch with my kids you want to go
there yeah I do okay well maybe I'll go
there then I'll go to the same place cuz
the truth is I always like Drake better
not you okay look what it says
drinking Josh and Jason okay he's gonna
do homework on here son 45 that's a good
deal
what if some 500 what does it feel like
feels like your dick in my ass wise you
know what the comic Department know why
did I go like over the farm because I uh
turn on the hose I've never felt so
repulsed I haven't even picked out your
belly button piercing yeah I wanna kid
where's the belly but look it'll be a
surprise that was out now I'm scared sir
I'm scared fuck relax your belly button
here we go Zane why it looks so stupid
this little cute is like you towers
thank you happy 16th birthday Ben oh my
god looks fucking really gonna strip
some princess you picked them out of
yeah you like it
I love you so much you know how much I
like how to pose look at that little
thing just English so fucking cute I
asked you for a third question who is
the first prize in the United States oh
I don't know that shit why cuz where the
fuck knows that shit everyone what's the
capital California Compton no how many
continents are they had - what continent
what's a continent huh what's a
continent I don't know the shit David
why you asking me this Walla flame on
fucking school
oh yeah there's my school glasses I'm
ready to go to fucking school do you
know what a continental fuck go
consonant is continent what is like
adverbs adjectives I don't know the shit
David I haven't been in school like 15
fucking years you're talking here's the
hole shut the fuck up a continent that's
North America yeah
Asia Germany that's a very big something
John if you like it subscribe tweeted me
at david dobrik lysing I want to wish
everybody good luck on finals week yeah
make sure
whereas many baskets as possible yeah no
no finals is where you study if a study
for finals why would you study for a
basketball game
what you know but I hear anything for
friendship man
