do you brought me alcohol for that we
need to disinfect it I just got the
fireball Oh you's a fireball disinfect
it'll take away the pain I guess
yeah well much better you are an idiot I
mean it is victory in two big name this
is a hundred percent sure he's after my
percent true why would I lie about I
don't know you got me between the sheet
water
speak louder what the fuck you want from
me why didn't you log your doctor's
visit because I was in fucking pain I
don't believe it when you molest
adjacent rope it's going to be a five
yeah it was like prison rate but felt
like someone's got a prison rate maybe
laughing that's what your fucking heads
have reinsurance three meals a day and
you get a nice bed to sleep on sounds
like a deal to me it's not really good
free insurance in prison yeah yeah today
I fucked on my leg I don't have any
rubbing alcohol guess what they got in
jail rubbing alcohol I want you to know
I want you guys right now I'm taking
lies in a little bit of a surprise she
has no idea where we're going I'll give
you a hand okay give me a hit salad you
putting me on a diet
No you're going on a diet no why'd you
get so excited is that it target yeah no
there's more to it come on eat oh my god
shit shut up shut up your life no you're
such a fool no that's such yes I hate
you
no actually no you crazy I just thought
I actually bought our Tesla Oh baby you
stupid okay I actually brought her here
because Cesar's here you guys remember
who Caesar is he used to work at the
target Mira you still got the same Mary
without me
I brought Liza - she's in the bathroom
are you ready yeah I'm ready any of
these seem familiar to you keep guessing
excuse me sir no filming please if you
shoot the bot David I'm kicking out the
story so we have I want to show you
something but I don't scare you there is
hahaha no fuck did you do give me some
more views you did that for views yeah
are you fucking kidding me it works I
did for good cause Jason it's the last
time you did something good put up a
youtube video on Friday I'm gonna do is
you got 58 better than last week we're
gonna whack 343 you want views do I want
me get yeah yeah well you you do
anything for viewers no I have a fucking
David I have a ton of pride I'm not
gonna fucking do that I've trained with
the London Academy always you see my
work on drinking Josh I'm a trained
actor I went to Julliard I'm a fucking
shaving my head oh god I can't believe
I'm shaving my fucking head literally
every vlog you hit a new level of
rock-bottom
if you don't like Anne Hathaway winter
guys are nice like you helped me like
with like different tricks to the
Internet
yeah where would you be without him you
probably still have a fool type of hair
that would be so stupid
oh this is great for a bird's nest like
a bird would love them there we go bad
you really think it looks good no Jason
you look like shit we fucking lied you
you went all the way there you fucking
shaved your head so I would shave my
head but you're the one who looks
fucking stupid Alex I don't give a fuck
about your vlog I don't give a fuck
about your fucking camera I fucking hate
this piece of shit I know you're in on
it too and I know you're fucking pros
Alex also shaved his head to see look
it's all fine it's fine because I didn't
shave my head what the fuck what the
fuck Alex Alex what the fuck but fucking
kill your bunny oh Jesus that's what I
think of your fucking grandmother's
chair Alex you and I are so through
talking to Mike you and I are so through
that's great long big shots and Alex
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anyone else add liza yeah
today's outro we're coming to a very
special homeless man with a very nice
message Oh Stewie I like that a lot man
Merry Christmas thank you
you
how do you like Gator I look fucking
horrible I mean it make it make my back
out like that
