dude this guy never locks his car ever
we can break into his car gratest are
you sure yeah yeah come on come on dang
it
you must have knew where we're coming
this was off-camera but Jason hit me in
the balls and I really hurt now Jason
you have to do a cinnamon challenge that
really hard to do you've never done this
until I'm 43 what if I die just put all
of it looking kids Oh Jason oh my god oh
my god it's mill its mode where is it
taste I like your mom's pussy smoke a
little excess to you tomorrow what do
you have to do am i talk to my kids
teacher about what I don't know what he
just did some little thing I've never
seen but it fucks you up they blew a
huge thing of smoke right down my mouth
it was like a toddy bomb I've never
kissed a man before we actually member
kusa man a breakup yeah yeah sure I am
100% fuckin straight I've checked out
your abs a couple times in the pool and
yeah they're nice I want you to know bro
we're about to make out it means nothing
sexually to me Oh pretend this is your
audition for the new Titanic movie and
you're going to take the Caprio spot
would you care for you the cat really
needs to make out with Jason you'll have
to touch his nipples while you guys are
making a mom I'm gonna be watching
I guess Jimmy Kimmel Katy Perry oh I
knew that was toddy tonight that's not
in my life it goes when my daughter was
born when my son was born and today
what's worse being a door for having
your neck broken have you're never 100%
because I at least being a door for like
those things your kid enough like I've
gotten comments like big Nick is cute
like teddy very cute but I'd still fuck
it
honestly it's never been a better
Christmas are you being real right now
jr. Jason
Alex it's not like it sound what it
looks like even the star thing was our
thing
I know al we do the star every year do
you know what was your thing you being
in his vlog but guess what else don't
come close to me don't threaten me I
could I couldn't put the star up by
myself
Oh Alex my new friend he was tired of
your bullshit no Brock nothing you
brought nothing in the plum just yeah
fuck yeah Jake and I go to one get crazy
I'm pleased Alex no Alex we worked all
night on this no Alex you ruined
Christmas ality happy first off it's
like December fucking a I didn't shit we
were getting ready we like it early so
we don't miss it you had talentless I am
a real comedian
I was background on Drake and Josh
that's Hollywood that's something you
don't know about you don't have what it
takes to Meghan this time guess what
yeah fucking win that room and you're
crying like a fucking little millennial
bitch you're choking me and put off him
I'll fucking on you bro your stupid
fucking movie huh it's not doing well
fucking Mugsy still fucking here no no
no no no no oh my god oh my god okay
it's over who sits over the hospital and
dude that was supposed to be so friendly
yeah it was supposed to be but known
who's gonna be tough I wanna hey shut
the door shut the door just came good
times will see you the next audition we
have to pay this made literally three
thousand dollars you're gonna pay the
made literally three dollars that's
right sock Tex Watson Evelyn makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anything else add liza housing at
wall thing Jesus you're gonna make a
mess
I'm gonna leave because he's gonna
murder one of us I can't live like this
this is worse than the peanut packing
prank I've seen a couple days no that's
the last one yeah I don't think I
laughing I can't push me
