Donna looks like a construction worker
on lunch with Brandon's family's coming
over right now so where's Kara brand-new
cough so we literally and back here we
got like new designs too we got time so
what do you think of the place tie up
the game they're gonna kick it's not
over yeah we got the borrows brand-new
Corvette Convertible can I talk to you
into a business plan want to be rich
like me I can tell you how no what I do
is I just park across to handicapped
space that's okay yeah it's totally fine
I think it's always great because when
you come out there's a crowd of people
to talk to you hi
I noticed you parked in the handicapped
spot I had a nice car what the fuck
makes you think you're so special
2018 Corvette man that's a very
expensive car and I'm driving it look do
they like to lay fly around hungover all
day and look at other girls Instagram
pages and really caddy
gooshie think you guys giving Jason a
run for it
okay it's different when you see them
you think you're gonna outlive me or do
you think I'm an I love you
I'm gonna die before you yeah what do
you want on your funeral well it's
coming up we got to get ready two weeks
of planning isn't a lot man Yolanda I
believe I will she's alive really she's
ready to go oh I know she told me that I
she told me that a couple we were just
driving along it's you guys yeah it's
nice to be with you I'm waiting it's
always like would you like to go on my
blog about the dry eyes on your body
do you want to go on my love you don't
want to suffer when you know tickets
like trust me you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dude what is it as a rocketship I think
yeah it's like that nasa's first ship
that they be my boyfriend Bruce I think
he's in the other room with Skye in
there yeah Danny Carly - no
