that's not your food you can't play
those I think that they speak no it's
not a speech
you see guess what flavor it is okay oh
the chapstick challenge Oh actually has
a flavor babe check again maybe you
don't know the flavor the flavor
one more try one more try that's a
challenge oh what's the flavors ain't
big you want to do it again I would like
to execute the like the characters okay
what flavor wasn't saying fucking dick
get off me that looked like you called
her a dick
oh I'm with that one with that I'm so
yeah granny I hate this so much
what flavor is it think dick I didn't
say that the right way right there the
zoomerton oh my god I'm sorry Karina
it's for work one more time action what
flavor was it then dick fuck no we can't
cut assist me one kiss new shot oh it's
so annoying when you read you see this
is like maybe hundred followers a day
that's about it all I get from this is
just half the child action what flavor
wasn't saying dirty
sorry dick damn it dude mop it up again
Karina I know this is really annoying
when us-korea Ari will pay you I usually
hate complaining about things like this
but the doors on my Tesla ended up
breaking so I took it to Tesla to get it
fixed and instead they gave me a really
really crappy rental car so you know how
my Tesla's in the shop right they gave
me a rental car and it sucks I honestly
didn't want to park it outside your
house because I feel bad that's trashy
that their neighbors wouldn't like it
are straight exactly I parked down the
street come on it's right here this is
it are you serious yeah dude it's
pathetic why would they give me this car
either where's the handle the handle
there's no they forgot to put the handle
on the car it's like under here look at
this it's broken
what is it open like that that's what
I'm saying go listen to it start it up
oh oh it's broken its arms broken
there's something wrong with it
it sounds like it's broken why is it so
loud where is the back seat so you can
fit your whole squad in here exactly
unbeliev this is not fucking squad goals
get this out of my neighborhood faint
top do you guys take car sir can you
please go take it I'll tell you if it's
good or not okay what do you think about
it
I think it's pretty fucking terrible
exactly you hear how loud that is
annoying it's annoying that's what I'm
saying
sir just just go David how do I get it
just hit the door handle no that's the
gas tank that's 100 percent no you can't
get hit to the gas I saved up all my
money from all my allowances since I was
4 and I bought when did you buy this car
how old were you I was like 5 years old
in your bottle Lambert I saved up since
high school it's a few a year to save up
yeah my mom's really generous how much
did your mom give you about $25,000
every time I took out the trash
that's why five badges how does it feel
of being a Lamborghini for the first
time it is the douchiest car I've ever
ever seen it's so loud for no reason we
have orange car for you to look like a
douche in if you'd like this is douches
car I have more sushi here four hundred
and forty thousand dollars if you want
loud we can also give you a lot more if
one was not loud enough we can also give
you five sticks of dynamite this should
get you the attention that you need look
at me I spent a lot of money on this I
want your attention
keep working stare into my eyes so I get
twenty two hundred dollars worth because
that's how much it cost for four hours
are you impressed I own this and you
don't this is every prank on you - you
want to go on a date sometime maybe I
have a boyfriend
Yeah right whatever I'll see you later
anyway you suck decent stuff too much
for you yeah that's very Zog Tex
watching Sophie makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik if
you guys keep up with my snaps you know
lies and i invented a brand new game
called a drip challenge and basically
I'm trying not to spit on David but I'm
trying to see how long my spit line can
go it really grows great weight again
again
homicide
look how small eyes it looks in the car
I spent my kids college fund for one day
of decadence
look I just walked up there it was like
when do you have to take it back you
knew it was her Enzo
