he's right the bottles not gonna stay
there you can connect it again in here
is impossible
get it in there what's gonna fall then
what is this Zane why isn't I gonna play
a word association game so whatever word
I say you're gonna have to so say
something with it okay okay go I Pig Oh
Jason what are you doing in my growth
you must be David
I'm Jason yeah I know who you are hey
Jason what are you doing in my
girlfriend a divorced man with two kids
yeah lives in your place oh my god
oh look at you summer brought the closet
Jason this is weird why is it weird look
at when you're wearing this is my
nightly ritual David you don't have
boobs it's about trying to cover your
nipple I do too I've done going through
something right now I'm seeing the
doctor tomorrow oh no you can come back
don't touch me call the bleep police
Liza my god you don't have over Alison
told me to take Zane Scotty and Kristen
out because he has a little surprise for
them back home what do you think of
surprises um I think it's gonna be a
camel what are you thinking it I think
it's a winter wonderland winter
wonderland I honestly don't give a fuck
go ahead oh my god are you fucking home
oh my god
what's going on
oh my god how much was it $5,000 $5,000
it is absolutely good yeah oh my gosh
this is your bathroom it's in the toilet
it's in the shower people still piss on
the toilet it's just more yellow Nick
big Nick
now's not a good time to go hook up fuck
yeah
if it makes it easier for you to
understand there's a whole lot of coming
our house look everyone bought 10
million of these just so we can find a
green one I want to go to Lincoln Scott
let's start cleaning up put a minute we
actually don't want pizza we just need
an aunt hour to help us clean up you
like it yeah we're getting evicted so it
could be your house now hey take your
shoes off okay tell everyone we're gonna
have to do now that I called you an uber
yesterday I said that if you drove me
I'd make out with Jason for a walk have
you ever made out with your dad that's
what it would feel really the same thing
well that's kind of gross Wow he didn't
like it the first time he did it using
my aspirin right in the first place just
in my car got stolen Oh big deal who's
gonna make out with Jason she got her
car stolen on purpose but you can make
out with Jason oh I need a ride if you
could call me an uber I'll make out with
Jason this is a serious idea that Jason
had for the vlog it's called stuck porn
he show everybody what it's like till
it's like a woman I'm just gonna do the
dishes
oh my hair my hand is really stuck in
there you help him it's hands don't seem
to get it out help me get out of here
don't worry while I'm stuck here do you
understand the kids that watch this
they're much younger than like the
audience you're fucking vice-principal
do you understand
the children who watch it is you have
any idea I'm David I fuckin rule the
world what do you think about this Todd
thinks that the fatter you are the
funnier you are yeah for sure
really Libby's ain't what David Eliza
cute couple right I'm not gonna deny
that sometimes I look at shit I'm like
oh but like there's only so much all you
can do before you're like ah you know
this is our one month anniversary our
two-month anniversary having three
months four months it's like god damn
that's not how anniversary is working
that's a very long thanks watching Emma
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik a lot of you guys want to
be the shout out at the end of the video
just add me on snapchat at david dobrik
it'll be so much easier to get it in you
watch Santa in a creepy way
Oh
you
if if this gets us evicted okay which I
don't think it will but if it does I'll
let you put the two ten thousand pounds
of dry ice in the pool okay deal okay I
love you thank you yeah she keeps wire I
get evicted
we can pack with you
