very good tell me why nobody ever asks
if the cookies always nevertheless a fat
guy but I wonder if he's lying about the
beer what's that for I'm dealing with
the witticisms wheat you just spent like
two hours ago I know I'm already live
drawling Liza how does a plant fit in
that pot what are these little cute tiny
bags for why something criminal
barometer this is self-incrimination Bob
where you go if you can use my lawyer
it's little gift bags that I felt like
gummy bears in and I give to all the
fans that run run downstairs yeah these
are the bag you put gummy bears in yeah
you know like vitamin D vitamin THC th
they're gonna prank Todd with some cool
ice lat are you okay I think ugly Oh
guys it's fake I can't use a dumbbell
some what do you guys know it's fake
just surreal huh got now it's time for
you to shower so we can prank you okay
I'm gone okay that's in the shower so
we're gonna prank him now I don't always
see anymore natural water cuz Ellie's in
a drought there we go boom we're done
let's go cut what are you doing oh I was
waiting for this moment
take care
are your parents proud of what you've
been doing I mean they just don't really
have a concept of what I'm doing they
don't get like social media no I mean
they're dead oh I'm gonna get my phone
to Jayson JC's gonna read a couple mean
comments about himself on the vlogs I
don't like reading the comments I don't
care about comments I do you look like
Freddy Krueger and Ellen DeGeneres had a
baby so true Jason you look like a guy
who flushes the toilet after he farts in
it would you want to hook up with
Kareena she showed me a vagina the other
day no she didn't even I swear to god
I'm not making this up we're in your car
and as I was turned around from the
front seat she goes like this she is
where I see my vagina no she didn't did
it why would I lie about that I wouldn't
say that about a young girl and then
what did you do
I can't let it of course they're going
to Ralph's right now because I realized
that if you buy a lot of things on
YouTube people really like that we're
gonna turn tied into a huge ice cream
sundae boom boom boom boom boom take
your pants off so you get more
comfortable inside Jesus what is that
bulge me don't touch take it out wasn't
a thank you what's the pocket out of it
you guys stay still entire time okay if
my wiener looks small don't get it Oh do
it stuff to record the waist up in
Titanic this literally looks like he's
really drunk and he passed out and we're
doing this damn he's completely sober I
can do this don't drop there I'm lucky
because but it all
I'm done I've got chocolate no no don't
be done yet no now left no we're not
done
we are not done go here dumping it back
did you check that it out probably OD
this puts goofily OH
cap the cap Rio for Titanic you can't do
this repair damage talking a bit like I
can't believe I'm getting $10,000 please
you are not next rappin next chocolate
Jesus Jesus you look actually really
appetizing another cherry on top this
looks so good
why am I doing this for your fucking
video this is my first piece of pie
there's grass in this one this is gonna
play mmm what do you taste like Todd at
it's nice and so holy cow you look like
you just ate some major boot it's got
here you go here's dessert Oh
what are you doing with your attorney we
don't we can't return it get the money
back there's a parent's day is long
thanks watching Kenny he makes you like
it subscribe tweet me at david dobrik i
haven't had the time to say yet but
thank you for 2 million subscribers you
hit 2 million subscribers 2 million
subscribers oh that's so cute
sorry I didn't congratulate you I was
busy celebrating me getting by
and the one that makes
a little more cocky no more car yeah I'm
not a cocky person
baby this is joke I'm only saying the
sleeve included at the end so they know
that I was just kidding okay she was
kidding guys
