yeah okay so yesterday was the day
before our anniversary and I'm pretty
sure lies I actually thought I was
surprising her with a Python today's our
actual anniversary so I wanted to make
it up to her by being a little bit more
tumblr hi guys I think I'm officially
super tumblr it's literally so cliche
that it hurts me I keep this yeah do you
want up me I want off - did you actually
hurt yeah what is it you are going out
for it go check out the forum it's my
sign this is like a home inside of him
yeah some homes are too big and some
homes are this too small or this one's
just right I love it there's a Tesla
outside - what let's go now for the best
part 9 foot Python come out I'm gonna
get us some food I'll be right back ok
no Liza I'm still right here I'm
literally in your house it's just a fort
I just gave you no lies I'm right here
it's made out of linen I can hear you
it's a fort you're outside ok I'll see
you later
you lock the door again no key you think
this has boosted you're in that side I'm
again oh definitely do it I gotta help
people feeling sorry for me - you're
literally like that guy from Sponge Bob
who like dresses up and is like I wake
up in the morning and I break my leg I'm
trying to take you seriously but I just
keep looking at your earrings it's
distracting me why you don't like them
you just look like every football in LA
are you talking about Oh what's up I'm
scared they're gonna beat me a whole lot
like Kendrick Lamar would call them out
oh I'm scared they're gonna be tough
dude oh you want a fucking hospital
again is that what you want that's what
I want to actually send get more subs yo
bugs James you're the type of kid to
kill everyone in your family for
clickable oh okay oh shit if they see
this and find out though they won't let
me back home you'll start with your
sister you'll be like I can't believe I
lost my sister yes I kill each one of my
family members up I got Thursday's
videos clickbait ready oh my god
sundae's I'll have so much clickbait
I'll just be a daily vlogger oh my god
are you having a party now he's like
kind of Me's with nine oh my god like a
waterfall
here it is Alton's finisher run across
that table are you guys are you good
wait where'd you hear your name I first
hit anything is getting bad Oh Oh what
the fuck well what the fuck dude I don't
know what he did dude that looks so bad
what do we do Elton what do we do what
are you getting not some pics it's real
blood it's not real guys are you gonna
wrap it what is that gonna do
so you're saying by wrapping it'll stop
the bleeding yeah okay let me just put
more of it on though so it looks more
like what a neck it and everything at
least you know he cares this is real
this is what's happening Jason is
auditioning for a kids show right now
can you just imagine if the casting
directors found out what you do on the
Internet
I know I thought of that what do you
think would happen if they looked you up
who is Karina and why are they always
talking about her vagina so you want to
make me clean up your image I'd like to
you're you're great you know I think I
might have to yeah after this vlog
that's right so thanks watching George I
miss you like a subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guide liza cut off all our
hair
this isn't about you but I feel like a
lot of people on YouTube like changed
the way they look just so they can get
more views yeah I know what you mean I
honestly just think they're looking for
attention I think it's pretty pathetic
to you look like a mom at a baseball
game yeah
you
we went to Target we bought three get
green candles and a bottle of wine I was
like we don't drink wine yeah right okay
okay
we're under 8 no what's wrong with your
eyes what's wrong with your eyes we're
just under right by them oh yeah before
it's bigger for the both of us
all three of us people enjoy I asked the
can't tell you laughter look
