Dunkin Donuts you really have to fix
your stop here gonna grab a quick milk
perfect I'm on my way back to Chicago
for Thanksgiving and I decided to bring
Jason because I thought it would be a
good idea
where are your kitchen should be with
your kids but Thanksgiving government
thought it would be best this is Jason's
first Illinois college campus what are
we doing here they're gonna take me to
the fucking Chicago Chicago I'm not
actually from Chicago Chicago I just
like saying that because it's the
easiest silly dumb fucking suburban
white kid I could be with my kids David
you can't be with your kid your kid said
they didn't want to see you fine maybe
so meeting with them you want to meet my
friend I don't know is your friend like
some weird loner and fucking sits at her
dorm by herself
that's her look that way oh my god she's
the most beautiful thing here which is
really cool but I am like no cash okay
just you know have to bring up your
problems other people you're a college
student so you obviously don't have that
much money laying around like 74 cents
it's enough for a piece of pizza no you
need to Ninja Turtle action figure we
want it which one you think your
favorite you like that one the best
is it good no if you don't get your ears
pierced during the whole Black Friday
thing did you really do the whole Black
Friday thing this is Tommy he's my fan
very good I've been to this place before
I got my little girl's ears pierced
you're a father Jason everyone have
arrived you thinks you're an idiot
oh my god that's horrible
you did a great job but I would punch me
in the face that's it Oh oh my god I
look pathetic I literally look like a
washed-up youtuber with these what do
you look for in a girl what intelligence
wisdom iron intellect finding girls that
actually smart that actually like
extroverted if you're introducing
yourself to a girl what do you describe
yourself as hi my name is Donnell nice
to meet you I got a lot of intellectual
powers it literally sounds like I pay
from the dead like a mental hospital
that you script in your vlogs and it's
the only real thing what do you need if
you're looking for potential mates as
you understanding you know she needs to
understand that I can go in like have
sex with 300 different woman
understanding you're looking for a girl
that can understand that you're gonna go
out and hook up with a bunch of other
girls how would you feel if your
girlfriend went around sleeping with a
bunch of other dudes sure sure are your
parents proud of how you turned out yeah
of course man when was the last time you
talked to your parents like five years
ago I've seen the water bottle challenge
yeah I can't do it you can't do it at
all see see fuckin cannot do it I can't
do it dude I try this out come on I'm
gonna try it okay try using your wrist
okay there you go
how did you do that watch this I fucking
hate you
the fuck alone that's a dog thanks
watching Robin makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
Thanksgiving just happened we're really
thankful yeah and I was really thankful
this year for having a Tesla having each
other oh man I love you so much I would
I could never do anything without my you
this is a reenactment of when David was
a teenager okay fuck no mom no I don't
want to do that you haven't asked you to
do anything yet I don't want to Jesus
crying what is this shit kinder I don't
like that hit the fuckin her she's not
damn it slam is for no fucking reason
I'm gonna be fuckin huge on YouTube
