oh my god having the worst day is like I
called the uber and then like they went
to the wrong location because like the
address that I got in their way
these are tweet spinner supposed to make
you laugh Donald Trump something funny
no scrappy don't breathe on my daddy
don't think about my daddy don't guys
call truth apologize
hello Jersey bitch I'm not a mannequin
and you spit in my face Bilgewater while
I wasn't paying attention
that's all you thought it was spit yeah
Oh water
oh really yeah I hope I got overreacted
Boehner you gotta buzz vuq I'm just
trying to get thinner kid with that shit
wait did you actually have sex on my bed
I'll do the work on them school a city
pity why don't you live up Lister your
head in the morning why don't you wear
feel again it's nice since you've been
here there's an H&M across the street
let me go buy you some pants if you had
one bit have sex with someone here yet
Kareem if you're my fucking daughter I
would find grab you by the fucking hair
and throw you in the car and put some
clothes on that being said you're not my
daughter so you can do everyone I know
how guys think so the fact that if my
daughter was walking around like that I
would be fucking with it because I'm
pervert you seem really nice and I've
met you a couple times and I think
you're really great and yes I wanna make
love to you the point is how close great
about really close like one wrong
movement in my neck did like paralyzed
and dead oh no the same thing happened
to me today it's been class that's
because that's the thing about big neck
though Jason has to realize is he makes
everything about himself no that's great
and like we're sitting here to you
doesn't offer us anything he didn't even
get up to answer the door I heard when
you have brain surgery and you jack off
it feels like someone else is doing it
when's your next surgery after this ah
couple days
next about to show you what an inspiring
person hands I want a big kid ah how do
you feel dude yeah I feel like a new man
mom take this cast off me take it off
him that was the task
are there any positives with Mike having
the surgery
it doesn't look bad though like on me
right it actually looks like it's like
part of like some L a fashion piece yeah
I gotta go meet Brenda McNerney he
shoots on the mouth
you have to speak louder you can't hear
you going to me
I'll be back in Sikkim house you're
circumcised that's right it's all fixed
watching Tim makes you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys the vlog
isn't over yet i just wanted to cut to
someone who may be having their very
last day here on the vlog this guy was
smoked he was smoking hi guys is a
really sad part in the vlogs that I
don't expect anyone to laugh at right
now Davis dropped me off at the airport
I'm going home to surprise my family I
bought a one-way I'm not sure how long
I'm gonna be there so I'm just gonna
kind of play it by ear take a little
breather
he bought it one way and he doesn't know
when he's gonna be back but it's
definitely gonna be not anytime this
year he'll be back next year the honest
truth is none of us actually know how
long he this' leaving for this right now
oh it's no matter make me cry
guys we're starting a GoFundMe for hey
could you raspberries $100,000 oh my god
just go straight to a Tesla what are you
gonna miss most about everything
probably you guys yeah just being around
you guys can you play like some stupid
shitty little like montage and like like
a memorial
huh
the psalmist
I'll see you dude thank you for
everything have fun I will don't know
anything down vibes yeah why
although
love you
the smallest stars are
