picnic you got the money you owe me yes
sir I do how perfect oh wait it looks
like you're a little short wrong in your
life that you have to look like this he
looks like he's gonna kick my ass
there's a weird if I ask you to take
your shirt off a little Ted Cruz too
have you heard picnics rapping that's
probably a good thing how do you feel
about me making dwarf jokes with Big
Macs yeah you know like that shit right
I got you stop it I asked you I don't
feel good about your jack three two one
go okay checking his STD results can I
check him for you yeah let's go to your
room right you slept with Todd okay what
is it negative negative negative
negative negative negative everything's
negative except for a cold sore
where are you going now now there you're
asked to be free I'm going to Disney
World David you got your ears
oh really barristers - you said
piercings were bad he's boy he's not
woman no I didn't leak we've been so
busy we have a new apartment we're
moving there's there's so much Jason
TomTom he fucking hates you that's not
true so you've been seeing this girl for
a month around a month yet do you love
her fuck off Lacey she's 1819 I hope
she's hi hi Brandon said get us in the
back Brandon a gentleman yeah I mean
sometimes I'm like paying for my own
meals which is watch that was movies the
first thing you bought me other than
that fucking drink it crave cafes pay
for the movie ticket you are yeah you
fucking liar what's your favorite
quality about Brandon he is funny
sometimes are you attracted to Brandon
or are you just bored that's such a
great that's that's hurts but that's a
great question I'm not allowed to come
to the movie by the way which I know
you're pretty bummed out about so I'll
just have to meet you guys after for ice
cream is he romantic I yeah yeah you
would pick me up and shit said that
you're very hardworking and driven oh
man what what is this now that's
adorable that's what are you seeing
other people right now
Wow I mean like that I never met what oh
no you can throw let's get into this now
I'm like not dating anyone else but
you're are you looking up with somebody
else not somebody else but like is
Brandon cadet sex honestly yeah hell
yeah like you want to skip this movie -
Savannah makes you like to subscribe -
yeah David over I don't have a now
Tribune but ASA can we just read you sir
have you seen my kid
ah
