thank you for going to get my car wash
so unless she's doing all these things
for me while she's in town I'll see you
later bye I love you bye mom take care
bye bitch yeah you're really nice
adjacent it's weird it's nice to be
uncomfortable almost makes me think
you're not human
perhaps everyone here loved the house
it's awesome and we got you that soft
bed he's gonna outlive who think you're
gonna outlive Jason we're gonna have sex
big dog low children what is Trisha live
with a bunch of unathletic kids before I
kick you know this is where Trisha lives
huh in a catered community yeah I guess
that makes sense to keep away all the
weirdoes how ironic say you're into
yourself seems like that's the car I
imagine you heard about me I just like
your unwillingness to give fucks
basically your wardrobe in life is like
you've just been on a 13 and a half hour
airplane ride Oprah's speech on the
Golden Globe she killed it she always
kills it you engineer over Watson blog
and she was she saw you like at a party
like she was like David no I dare to
dream and Oprah's watching this right
now what do you throw your Oprah a lot
of people in your life are really famous
fancy rich and important but there's
only one Josh Peck who loves you no
matter what by the way with my car
Jason's mom has never met Josh so we're
gonna kill the poor this is Nash in the
building okay
they're literally trying to set me up
with some chicken Russia they're trying
to give Jonah an arranged marriage in
Russia gosh I know I should marry for
gosh I don't want a Russian girl they
respect your Armenian culture and you
marry a woman there's no way she's stuck
in Russia pepper spray over the house
which is a bad idea it isn't good pepper
spray what they don't know is it's Jason
actually a pepper spray this is how you
do it though you have to do it like
right in the middle to make it easier on
you you'll be an attacker maybe the
attacker you're gonna be harassing Todd
this is a really nice body yeah I'm
talking you alone in the park I hope no
one comes up to talk to me Oh someone's
come out to talk to you oh my god oh my
god my god what does it feel like
well my cameras wet we got to do this
again great job on that sketch you know
that you and David are not in high
school anymore and our grown man
reciting Andy wish you'd like to
subscribe tweet me at David job guys big
announcements
the chief gz2
