lies are you ready to ride let's ride oh
ok ready ok hey you sure you good Liza
do you want to get Thai food no I said I
want Italian
let's get Thai food okay fine Mexican
food do you want that big off-camera
kiss yeah okay so okay hi
you want to get that yeah okay it's a
good option I'm down for fucking Thai -
we drove 40 minutes just for that joke
and now I think we missed our dinner
reservation because we came out here but
was it worth it yeah honestly it felt
like because I don't cuz on the internet
yeah it honestly felt like this like
giant band day that I wrote down if
actually pronounced Phuket Thai and
you're actually swearing ah fuck it I'm
like I do rain dance
without a rain dance but dude you are
netpeak right now lies and I are heading
to Honolulu Zoo which means we're
probably just gonna see a bunch of
pineapples in cages we just drove by
people and I was like is it a good Zoo
and I like
I can't tell they were speaking Hawaiian
or if they just didn't like the zoo I
honestly can't imagine how is it would
be bad so I think we're gonna find out
and here we have some squirrels over
there in that cage is the nuts that the
squirrels either welcome to the world's
first vegans do over here we have
daisies hey guys is this a good Zoo guys
its 2016 but now I thought things would
be different there you have the white
rhino and then you have the black rhino
are you just concluding that he's white
he could be Indian we can't have the
black rhinos be by the white rhinos
because they'll steal from here we have
a stupid ducks who haven't learned how
to swim you have Liza this one got out
of this cage I love how we're at a zoo
and we're only messing with you animals
that are super simple
Liza come here it's you when you don't
shit I wish this wasn't one of those
segregated water fountains because I'm
so thirsty give it to me I'm worth up
there dancing didn't you wear that game
oh my god look like this black rhinos
have you guys seen Madea
oh my god lies a look at that that is
one big penis not the peak these people
are all outside of this booth hey you're
from here no are you just visiting your
first time
time so it's practically home you have a
boyfriend yeah you want to get in the
car and kiss yeah you can just use the
door you don't have to do all that
that's ok let's go you smoke weed yes I
smoke weed I'm looking for my mom I
should go grab me my shirt stay trippy
guys venomoth all right here we go Eliza
no pressure
good good good no lies enough hi Liza
seriously this time just focus on the
stroke okay no wrong stroke hey man
what's your name are you a surfboard er
I'm a surfboard room your surfboard
you've been on here as long as I have
you just become the board what do you
want to know about the ocean are there
secrets to it some things you just don't
see like why they see God you get out
here as far as I am I've been floating
right here for 13 minutes years
what about shots oh they're sharks out
here I don't know what sharks are on the
sharks like a little animals that bite
you know man doesn't call sea dogs hey
how do you feel about sea dogs
well I train them and know all of them
by name what if that names
shark they're all called shark yeah just
so it doesn't get too confusing puts
more waves coming bro is that waterproof
no autumn put your technology away and
grab a jellyfish instead
that's a great song thanks watching
Veronica makes you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik wise and I have
really been enjoying our stay in Hawaii
we're basically Hawaiians at this point
where's my cute little Hawaiian huh
where is my cue you know Hawaii is right
here right here
well it's right Liza who Acapulco who is
that
I look so cute he's playing dead oh wait
okay let's go can you say hi to my
friend Leon she really wants to meet you
friendly oh yeah katal yeah
