the mannequin challenge has been the big
thing on the internet recently so I
thought I'd give it a shot that girl is
a real proudly small world all the
friends know me Tommy what actually
suppose
today we're opening up a box of Japanese
candy okay right now we're trying these
Japanese like these right now we're
trying to me oh we're going to try this
one I think it's called owe me a new
game called donut biscuits you sorry I
mean so many Japanese jokes
alright on Japanese knock come on yo
guys I got some bad news
Trump's president so we're gonna have to
change some things Wow yes like a lot of
good policies right like we don't have
to respect women that's exactly one of
us so you call your girlfriend let her
know
fuck no I'm calling three other girls
what do you put there other girls tell
them they're my slaves now what are you
also gonna do now to trump selectively
I'm gonna riot
you're gonna riot that doesn't make
sense but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna riot
because I feel like as a privileged
white male I have the right to do
whatever I want
you know what else was voted on though
right weed is now legal in California
who's trying weed for the first time I'm
going to try might as well since it's
legal Renee's you got to try wait for
the first time am i what do you expect
it to taste like probably like some dank
ass oh gee Bubba could oh I think I may
have finally found somebody shut up yeah
who um well I don't really want to talk
about it babe you see my diet pills I'm
seriously getting Jason what are you
doing in Gabby's house hey what's up man
my name is Jason Jason you know who I am
we've known each other forever and a
couple days ago we realized we're meant
to be together
I think Gabby this is gonna be hard for
you to believe because you may be in
love I think he's using you people can
fall in love just because you're lazy
with Liza is fake I love Gina I love her
her name is Gabby look you made her cry
she's on the couch right now Gabby Oh
baby stop calling her that you're a
50-year old man literally this baby
that's what I'm saying that's what you
are my baby no Jason that's disgusting I
got a right house Jason get out of the
house get out of here and drop your
towel off at the door Jason that's all
water balls if you watch the vlogs to
have a good time you can stop watching
that because the fun's over here's what
happened Liza and I right now are in
Hawaii and a lot of you guys probably
expected a really fun filled blog
Hawaiian thing when we were planning our
vacation we were choosing what Island to
go to because Hawaii is a bunch of
different islands after hours of
searching we ended up finding this dope
place on Airbnb on the island of Oahu
now it sounds like a brand deal and it's
now
we're mad at you every day so we were
like okay let's go to Oahu let's not go
to the Big Island or the other islands
because this is more important because
this place was so so cool here are some
shots of the place we got nothing yeah
the thing about that place is it was
really expensive it was seven hundred
dollars a night and we were planning to
stay for eight nights you do the math
that totals $5,600 the guy asked us to
pay the money before we showed up which
was very weird but we did it because
we're stupid kids
so we wire transferred him fifty six
hundred dollars to Bank in Sweden for
some reason we thought fellas okay
Airbnb said it was okay to wire transfer
money so we're just like okay we're
gonna do it Airbnb said it was okay so
we showed up to the place we're sitting
outside it was like a 40-minute drive
from the airport the guy who was selling
the house his name was Dan and he wasn't
coming down to the gate to greet us and
I'm screaming dan dan were here a lot
Dan's neighbor came out and he was like
who are you guys looking for
and we're like Dan turns out there's not
a Dan that lives at that building we
ended up calling the actual person that
owns that building and he said that he
was not renting it out to anyone but if
we wanted it it was $4,000 a night so
not only did we not get the play so we
got scammed for $5,000 and that is how
our Hawaii trip is going so far so if
you live in Oahu please give us a place
to stay and if you live in Sweden and
you know dance could be people morale
the story is don't elect Donald Trump as
your president all our stories I got
scammed by an old white guy and the
country's also getting scammed but no
like a vest a lark thanks watching John
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and for all you Hawaiians
out there Aloha and have to loogie
what's Hakka loser what does that mean
it means thank you for watching we begin
we had nothing three shots we were out
of there
there we go sorry I could look at
everybody
that's Bailey our bunny alex is playing
best of Mozart for a bunny
