all right so recently liza was in the
new Madea movie right so we're going to
go around right now and see if she can
get some free stuff using her newfound
stardom oh my god fucking for you did
you love the movie I loved okay I'll see
you later
Jason I was thinking since in the last
five you smoked weed right what if we
make it a series old man tries different
kinds of drugs I still got some cocaine
back yeah are you down I can't do cook
on camera camera you have two kids kids
your boy is ten your girl is seven which
one's your favorite the boy really I
like equally you do is your boy dating
yet no I was 10 years old David got me
started dating me like nine no I start
having sex when I was not looks
different she was my after school
teacher who's your after school teacher
and she's 18 and you were nine years old
how's this true Oh Pizza guys here I
think someone ordered pizza for heat but
he doesn't know and he has to pay for it
did you order pizza order yeah I knew it
someone ordered feeds under your name
and you have to pay for it in cash like
who did I didn't order pizza sir I'm so
sorry it says it's for Heath but I
didn't order pizza I'm sorry sir I can't
I can't pay that I'll pay for he'll pay
for you you're paying for and hold on
what pizza is it
barbecue sauce and pepper mmm like this
you know you got so drunk last night you
forgot you ordered a pizza this morning
I'm so good to myself I knew like hey
I'm gonna be so hungover tomorrow hey
I'm gonna order a pizza but can you
deliver it tomorrow
if it says play money fame I'm gonna
call this guy and give him a piece of my
mind
listen here don't you ever order a pizza
but that was really sweet and thoughtful
thank you so much I really do appreciate
fuck you a random person just bought
heat the pizza and obviously you really
pissed him off cuz he didn't want to pay
for so right now I'm calling Domino's
and I'm gonna order seven pizzas and say
it's the heat I just was on the phone
with Domino's and I ordered seven Zayn
and Toddie come here real quick I just
got off the phone with Domino hosting I
ordered seven speed sets under keep
sniffing oh my god the total for my
pizza is $48 and Zayn told me that's not
enough because he won't freak out so now
I'm gonna add more things to my order
can I do 10 supreme large pizza 100 $64
I'll pay once you get here my name is
Heath
what is it 13 pizzas what's the total
look at the total for the whole week
nobody you know oh my god it's a truck
Oh fucking truck all this bitch right
now who the fuck is doing that small
member Oni I'm gonna kill somebody I
don't have money look seriously please
save it
I will fucking murder you how am I
paying you keep telling me to pay I
don't have money to pay how am I gonna
pay you can't be ordering pizza to my
house I don't I can't I can't afford 13
fucking pizzas David I can't pay for the
cleanup
that's all you David I can't afford this
let me come page thanks sir are you mad
oh my god you took a picture
you're an idiot I didn't order it quit
saying it like I wanted you have to call
Domino's before they actually call the
police oh my god and he took my fucking
picture that's what he was saying can I
have your picture oh my god I thought
you wanted a picture cuz it was funny oh
my god stealing criminy why call the
cops what do I say you should call the
cops no you should tell them that your
friend David ordered 13 boxes of pizza
pulling a joke on you and making you
think of those you fucking dummy as a
prank you ordered me 13 P you're the
best friend
that's a lock thanks Tyson Ali makes you
like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik Liza and I are going on vacation
for a week we're going to
two tickets please you know which one oh
my god it's Liza from the Medea movie
yeah here you go
thank you dude thank you see you later
man Thanks
