how would you feel if I got all of you
guys hypnotized I've ever seen Donnie
Darko no okay
so he gets hypnotized and basically
hypnotism just lets your mind roam
wherever yeah and his mind roam too like
he put his hand in his pants started
jerking off in front of the hypnotist oh
my god I don't know why let's get
hypnotized every night Keith and I
really want the skittles really badly
but there's one problem that they're a
dollar twenty-five but all we have all I
have are singles all I have is bunch of
singles so we're not going to waste a
second single just to get accorded
exactly these are already on the edge so
we're gonna buy one of these $1.00 items
and trying to knock the skittles down I
don't think it's gonna be hard not only
that but we get two for the price of one
watch this watch their budget oh it's so
close one more time there he goes again
come on come on Doritos go go go go go
Oh we just do the end there one more
time here we go here we go I got a good
feeling about mom baby come on
oh one more try
come on numbers well it's literally
hanging on by a thread think about it
we're getting a good deal right we're
getting a good deal because we're
getting two for the price of one exactly
all right come on come on let's go down
a deal we've probably saved a lot of
money crap
ah we got our skills about my bday oh
hey what's your name I'm David nice to
meet you yeah I got to talk to you for a
minute here I'll give you something to
play with
take these keys you can't play with keys
okay forget it come here you should
watch him for a little while you need to
watch your digit yeah for like a couple
days
no no a little bit longer than that how
long do you need me to watch him for
ninety ninety eight months ninety eight
months yeah it's nothing Jason that's
eight years Jesus they're just playing I
think alex is teaching but your foot
okay your foot we've never had kids to
take care of David you have a YouTube
channel that you take care of he's just
like a YouTube channel no he's no time
have you ever taken care of a kid before
okay take care of so exactly when you
come here a little bit here's the thing
about your dad his movie failed and he
needs to go away because all the people
that invested in the movie are looking
for the money
hold on okay you want to know I'm going
to fucking rehab you covered his eyes
not his ears sorry listen I'm going to
fucking read okay this is just between
me and you okay why can you close your
eyes for a minute that's okay it's a
weird family Isis for you this will get
you through for a couple days okay okay
and then come back and get more after no
no no I'll just take this find why the
place to stay for a couple weeks
this means a lot David okay it really
means a lot totally work let's go
what totally work told you they were
idiots James I'm gonna leave my kid baby
you idiot I come on dude what my
straight Jason yeah yeah so in the last
vlog I talked to Scottie and toddy and
toddy was telling me that fatter people
are funnier today I'm joined with Zane
and Ghazi Oh
what is a devourer look it is there
because I'm the fattest and Alize no I
was totally like not gonna do that until
I was driving over and I'm like wait
they're gonna take it the wrong way do
you think fatter people are funnier I
think that it has nothing to do with
your weight obviously but I do think
that people who are uncomfortable with
their bodies overcompensate by trying to
be fun that's why I push my stomach out
every chance that I get I can't come up
with anything so let me just I don't
like when I'm skinny okay you're
starting to sound like toddies my butt
is too perfect what are you guys doing
fucking your box so what are you doing
yeah you got a crack right there yep
that doesn't look chiropractor all right
everybody take pants off bad boxer it's
just my arm take your pants off he must
be an experienced chiropractor that's
areas arctic Strachan hayden makes you
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik lies and i don't have a joke for
the outro so we're gonna ask Alexa if
she has anything Alexa can you tell me a
good joke the electron asked the photon
did you pack your suitcase a photon
responded no I'm traveling light I don't
get it I was never really good at
geography
well that was science
I have all these chips right and I see a
bunch of kids just sitting there and I
go eat should we just give them to the
kids
Heath pulls me to the side and he goes
are you stupid
