Oh y'all little shits Taco Bell's here
my obvious yes is in the trunk this mine
we're gonna pretend he just came from a
really nasty hockey game on his pissed
off action fuck you rep what will happen
out there shit fuck yeah fuck you 42 and
number 42 is just over there he's
fucking my girlfriend what do you mean
you're playing hockey yeah I saw him in
the fucking bleachers he's not even on
the ice no he's the guy we're in the 42
jerseys with him
oh he's has a girlfriend go back there
and you win this game for us what's your
momma say when you couldn't make it
anymore said don't let nobody fuck Betty
but yeah that's kind of specific but
yeah pretty sad what did dad say when
you hung up your skates and you said you
were done for good that said you're a
pussy go out there before somebody
steals fuckin Betty so in the last vlog
Jason made out with an elderly woman
named Mona and a lot of you guys thought
that was really uncomfortable to watch
Mona grew up in a completely different
time where casual sex was completely
okay so when she talks about sex don't
be weirded out just think about your
grandma talking about sex it's perfectly
fine fun fact about Mona this is true
three men have died on top of her while
having sex with her and this trip it's
true that's some pussy to die for how
did they die what was the moment where
they passed away hey baby that sounds so
normal she's like they came and they
died what's the big deal I guess he was
nervous and he just died on top of him
yeah I had to say bril hemorrhage they
bled all over me two of them were
married two of the men were cheating on
their wives with Mona and they died
that's some fast Karma you killed a
bakery man I mean you didn't kill him
but he died on top of you Mona are you
comfortable with people walking around
with costumes like this Mona's like that
reminds me of the bakery man Dom don't
turn Moton
too much you'll probably end up dead my
mother's brother could be my father
oh really don't get that my mother's
brother
can be my father she had sex with her
brother Harry gay
Wow David you hit the jackpot oh yeah he
wants to know how many men you subway
she goes 15 I was a crazy night she was
sleeping with her daughter's boyfriends
no no you are insane
Oh Todd and Scott think that the fatter
you are the funnier you are it's
actually proven if you're fatter you're
funnier no matter what that's about
truth is Jonah Hill we got skinny
you don't want even like the back nobody
likes when you're skinny everyone loves
always fat you're being a good-looking
guy got to be so privileged in life and
now you're throwing it away because you
want to be the funny guy you know what
you're being you're being a celebrity
that makes millions of dollars a year
and complains about not having a regular
life I'm so pretty I just wish I was
funny but I just want to be normal okay
imagine you are Scott huh and you're
funny is that worth it I didn't you look
like Scott he wasn't even saying I was
funny or good-looking imagine like Scott
you just have nothing Keith used to be
pretty big used to be large and we
should thank you was fucking hilarious
now he's lost a lot of weight and he
just looked at as a sex symbol Todd gets
a girlfriend some Tiger she looks fat
she goes you look really funny today can
we just stop this entire you minute just
appreciate the fact that I haven't
looked at the road this entire time and
we're on the highway I'm gonna like this
okay Tom what do you think the crazy
Ollie means we all feel safe all we care
about is trying to get in the block why
on earth did you get this entire limb
off well I wanted to get you guys
something nice or put me in the box
oh my god thank you for being in my life
your watchful voice Jason how much money
you have left this is elastic enjoy this
night where are we even going well we're
just going around the block my limos
very big but my penis is so small I got
this limo because I have no personality
we drive my fing neck you through your
entire glass that Jerry's life excited
Michaela bitch you liked it subscribe to
eat me at david dobrik i want to thank
everyone for letting me post 200 blogs
in a row your 200 vlog my 200th blog
did nothing special for this vlog I
didn't do anything special was kind of
staying Spencer could do something
special I mean you could do it right now
why something that everybody will
remember oh
friend
Oh
