they're caring so much stuff here give
me a hand give me a hip oh thank you we
go ah oh it's been like this I got this
hot chick I got a new girlfriend you got
a just come in coming and you guys get
out of here I need the place finis I
want sex with it you want to use our
players to have sex with someone yeah
just can you guys leave like a couple
hours clear out for like two hours go
shoot something I'm not gonna leave for
two hours so you can have sex with some
ten out of ten babe an hour is this girl
really that worth it you have to kick me
and Alex out of our home she's got like
great is she's and I really like her
she's really nice and she's she's only
here for another day what did she do for
a living I think she's like a
billionaire asam she retired she ratafia
she's she just retired ah she must be
really rich if she's too crazy we can't
give you the place I'm gonna put it in
the blog cuz I think that'd be like kind
of like a turn-on
I already told her that you have a lot
of followers you're gonna want to put
this girl in the blog dude she is a
fucking 10 out of 10
yo Jessica Alba yeah she's like that
Georgia like perfect okay okay is she
coming yeah tastes a little bit who's
that
shit who's this hottie mana mask how old
you are 83 83 told me you were 39 oh are
you Mona I'm 39
oh you're kidding yeah okay yeah no Mona
can you please tell me a real age I
really yeah 39 39 what year were you
born in 1933 okay then you can't be 13
aha - Mona even have sex I'm sorry yeah
she care have sex you know what they
call her Mona right Wow she loves - Mona
let me talk to Alex for a bit and then
we'll decide quite honestly huh she's
like yeah yeah she's ha ha Alex she's
like 80 years old
why don't we time she's like demeanor no
she you don't love them you just want
sex yes yeah see - I love them I love
you no Jason did you hear what she said
she's using you no I'm not using you yes
you are Mona I see right through you
I've met people like you Mona OS you
piece of me no I loved you Mona no sense
say it say it like you mean it
I love you Mona that's a bunch of lies
all you are is a sex machine you're
never going to have
relationship you want someone love you I
will love you what did you want out of
this relationship sex you wanted that's
all you wanted oh god you are young you
may be a slow person to walk but you are
a fast person to break heart and that's
why I need you out of here I am NOT
going to mikonos with you for the
Victoria Secret shoot you can go by
yourself are you trying to get with Mona
yeah never been with a 39 year old she's
not 39 did you even get Mona's consent
to have sex do you want to have sex with
these boys yes she literally just says
yes to everything Mona is the sky green
yes am i hot yes
no what are you supposed to be some
idiot my god yeah your dad's a farmer no
it doesn't hit you could you hook up
with a girl wearing that i hook up with
Zayn wearing this Oh make my chicken
nuggets off show me how people in the
south a fight pretends a is your
girlfriend yes I want to loosen up my
weight maybe but I get all dolled up I
fucking know right no mother fun fact
I've been dating date David you've been
dating David you big fan yourself I wish
I've been dating David - seems like a
good guy I've been dating Liza for about
11 months now I've met both of her
parents she's too scared to go and meet
my parents I'm a scary when they've
asked numerous a lot of times to meet
Liza are you scared that my parents
won't like you yeah why because they see
me in the outros and that's some good
stuff right and then they're gonna see
me and they're gonna say it anything
else to add Liza I'm gonna be like an
in-law anymore series like success in
vacuum makes you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik a bunch of you
guys message us why we didn't dress up
together for Halloween yeah you don't
need to wear a matching silly outfit to
know that you're a cute couple yeah we
kind of just know that we love each
other that's enough for us no but
seriously I really hope you guys had a
happy Halloween you guys celebrated in a
safe way yeah for those you guys
celebrating early now Merry Christmas
Oh
raise your girlie leave the house for a
few hours
what yeah you need to go David what do
you mean I need to go
I'm in it else is gonna have sex Mona
and I'm gonna I'm gonna go in the closet
and watch
