watch out for this guy because he's
helping a giant put on lips
Ellie and I were visiting a college once
we're inside the school right we're
downstairs like in the basement or
whatever this guy lights a cigarette and
a frat brother comes up there was like
you'll put that cigarette out right now
and then Ilya walks up to him and he's
like yo no no no it's cool my dad owns
the place and the dude realize the
cigarette and then the frat brother
comes down again and he's like yo watch
you like that cigarette and he's like yo
what's cool the guys that don't supply
what's up guys today's vlog is gonna be
a little bit different as many of you
guys know I'm from Chicago and the Cubs
happen to be in the World Series for the
first time in 71 years and I happen to
have two good friends that are really
really big Cubs fans so I'm gonna be
surprising my friends Alex and Michael
with two Cubs tickets so the other Alex
one from Chicago I reached out to my
friends at Sea geek which is a ticketing
app and they were really happy to hear
about Michael and Alex's story they have
a really cool app where you can buy
tickets but they honestly just wanted to
help Michael and Alex get to the World
Series I'm telling you this because
these tickets that they got from my
friends are 4,500 dollars each so
obviously I OC geek a lot so if you guys
want to go check out some tickets for
concerts for sporting events whatever
just use my promo code over it you'll
save some money and you'll have a good
time you want to come with Chicago it's
gotten to the point where there's no way
to do this other than just give them the
surprise there's only one other of these
so you get one other person gets the
other no fucking way dude no fucking way
you can't be serious you can't be
serious when Sunday it's the game where
they win that one forever and go crazy
like what oh my god it worked the other
one's going to Michael so even like
we're gonna go go to Community College
so get it together
nuts this is yeah oh shit
this is cool I bought you the car
the card I want to hug you mag is a feel
bad can't believe someone would be this
excited to go to boring baseball game he
doesn't even go do it cuz he's so sad I
want to surprise him with it here are
you kidding me no I'm serious you are
fucking kidding me that kid Mike's
really drunk so we had to pick him up
from his college I actually do want to
film like a bit though follow the
instructions on this and then let me
know it's like a couple instructions
stop stop so I see like stop stop stop
stop you're lying it's fake you know
you're gonna know for sure I'm still
tweaking about you get to throw out the
first pitch to know it's fake so it's
not fake what do you guys keep like hold
it up hold it up show everyone your fake
ticket it's real really stupid that you
think it's real so it's not real no in
Israel hey that's a real fake ticket
it's a really fit that sir is our
success in head I makes you like it
subscribe treat me at david dobrik as
many of us probably know vine is no
longer continuing to be an app and
that's where we started and if it wasn't
provided well really
have a Tesla we wouldn't have we
wouldn't be able to have this yes this
is the most important thing to me yeah I
love my Tesla
first they were so pissed that you were
getting something like that like there
you guys were genuinely pissed you were
always an asshole
