hey wonder the neighbors are fucking
spying on us nerves I can grab yours and
Ronin our fuckin backyard Boudreaux I'm
tired
oh yeah baby
it's a fucking creepy neighbor get him
out of here those fucking fly my drone I
just fucking got that this is bad we
live in a fucking pink hair get to the
neighborhood said David what do what
they said about me what you call me
fucking my little pony what's your fault
yeah I was walking over here you know
what happened for six-year-old kids he's
fucking Lee not to win and they go fags
fucking they go go rich blog it's
fucking not funny David it's probably
fixable dude literally just if you would
oh my god I'm gonna talk to Liza about
this it's Lily this is what happens
gonna get older Jason fucking phone is
cameras everywhere Trey know what it is
know there's cameras there to seduce
David's blog all the time don't fucking
come any closer having a hard time right
now going for me to listen good luck
snazzy second I'm done okay okay you're
trying to mess with possum you try them
up with modulation well I would love you
just fucking fuck yeah you take care my
kids I will we you put them you put them
in your vlog I'm parked in zane and
heath driveway and I literally just got
a ticket oh it's because you're blocking
the sidewalk if people are trying to go
this way and go out to the dead end can
you demonstrate why my car is a problem
I really want to walk to the end of the
street and go sit on my fucking houses
bench you'd have to do this
I'm here with Karina and as you guys
know Karina may or may not have some
daddy issues I thought it'd be a good
idea to bring one of my friends to help
you out a little
this is Jason Jason is actually a father
of two problem with Corinna is that I
don't think she had someone like you
there as a kid okay I think it'd be good
to kind of catch up on all those years I
should that around you're younger no no
no I mean
not really and then how does that affect
your relationships now I'm definitely
like older guys maybe older guys aren't
the best to go after right well maybe
maybe more maybe maybe they are David
but in Corinna's case I think she should
slow down a little bit cuz she is kind
of getting around well maybe yes slow
down with the boys her age maybe speed
it up with maybe an older guy that just
got divorced and whose vine was just
deleted a little specific I'm gonna
leave you guys to be here for a little
bit how long does the session take about
two minutes do you wanna smoke weed no
David I don't smoke weed I have a friend
that might might smoke what's your
friend's name Keith Keith that's awfully
close to your name but with the K I'll
put the chef's necklace and he wants to
know how much the weed is yeah we would
be talking here I think it's like twenty
bucks a gram that's not bad uh for him
where does he live we close here
you want to give me Keith's number so I
can call he's probably not gonna pick up
he doesn't answer random numbers I'm
calling him now he's seriously don't
even what was that huh I think Keith
might've left his phone here that she's
weird give me the quick breakdown I did
a video called cringy fuck boy roasted
and I just roasted the shit out of this
guy who's really rude to media on bumble
which is a dating app obviously it's the
only kind of apps I have you called her
fat you called her what kind of names
did he call you like a bunch of things
I'd call her but it's really weird when
someone else does and now she's going to
interview him and he's coming up to our
house because Gabby doesn't want him
anywhere near her house it is really
scary but that's why I wanted Alex here
and me I can defend you have a
girlfriend
I'm not allowed to why beat someone up
to drive you're letting being like our
buddy yeah I can't help you I have liza
you call eliza
hey babe is it okay this is a video that
I can't believe is actually happening
well each of you guys complement each
other with three different things
cool I like it you see cut into two
right there never mind I'm from Madeira
that's raised a lot I think that's in
John makes you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik guys I'm dumping lies
off at the airport
come on to New York in New York how
about you show everybody at the airport
how your Tesla works with the doors come
oh why is it it's so stupid
don't do it just get yourself doors
is going up I just have to get my bags
you have to get your bags okay get your
bag don't worry I got it why is it you
could have grabbed it from here
close the door show up that's the thing
about friendship is when it's Jason
Jason - what just rocking her to sleep
like her dad did it
