99 which we're right here okay I've
heard Scott tell me yeah Todd came in
today and he was just like ah dude I
hate being good-looking like what Oh me
what do you cast vain-ass you can be the
lead and all Zane is ever gonna be is
just gonna be about you look at my
stomach you show us what happens when
the whole gig is high
yeah this could be like one of those
BuzzFeed videos were like seniors get
high for the first time it's good dad
you have any more cornflakes I think I
ate em all Jason wants fuck more no no
boys I can't I gotta it's my turn on the
neighborhood watch you just keep it down
I can be on my way you know what a
second thought I will have one more bond
with what happens if your kids see this
video of you smoking weed I don't care
like he's almost looked oddly Jason
they're like 12 years old absolutely I'm
gay have your kids ever seen my blogs
yes they have I don't think there's
anything then them though was it just a
swearing you literally just hit a bond
centronia smoke weed yeah so you can do
it I already know what your screenshot
can be
oh man smoke pot and you seriously I did
little crazy right now
the first marijuana overdose I'm being
so honest you know what happened this
fucking dude comes up to me when I was
Daniel I was like I'll call Daniel Coco
go go go and then he came up blade was
like yo I got this gasolina man I took
two hits that I ended up kicking in my
jacket you're smoking gasoline yeah do
that Selena it was it was gasoline er
how'd you know that cuz you said it I
told you here's the plan
would it be okay it's gonna be okay out
I'll sit on the couch for ten minutes
and I'll take my car so you're spending
the night aren't you I think so we're
about 10 minutes into Jason shaking his
head and I think he's gone everywhere in
the Tesla bro fuckin tell David was
guarded you
90 lega oh shit dude I lost my farts if
you hit the bong one more time
it literally cancels it ah you're such a
devil it's been about two hours just
didn't wanna come eat with us because
you wanted to hang out with this new
friend Tom Jason your hair don't dye my
hair brown mohawk why did you dye his
hair he told me to get me higher but
then - because you're 43 and you hang
out with a bunch of 20-somethings fuck
you Gaby fuck you yeah fuck you attitude
I can't think I'm here David I think I
fuck I'm here just like fuckin like you
and like your dumb fucking millennial
friends fake-ass fucking fake right here
I'm still me I'm talking yeah excuse me
I'm talking me tell you something Gaby
all right you know what
you are a fucking entitled talentless
fucking piece of shit I know you're
upset because my vlog this week got more
views than your movie but you can't act
like this Jason come on gonna fucking
hit you in the face
it was a fucking mistake okay why would
you let me do this it's about your
fucking vlog that's all about you have
turned into such a piece of shit or
something get out get out of here
fucking bloody hand butcher hell you
fucking pinhead bitch you - Don you pink
hair babe this is Liza's new toy watch
this is a really folk Alexa how are you
I'm good
I hope you're doing well Alexa said Liza
kiss me right now no I like so that's so
no it's okay don't worry about it that's
great as well like thanks watching
Hannah makes you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik I honestly
think that whole Alexa thing is really
stupid and completely useless and it
doesn't work oh it's stupid and useless
oh uh hey watch this Alexa call my
boyfriend calling Patrick and this kind
of stupid and I think defective
Oh
what's your biggest regret Jay my
biggest regret I'm worried about my
career
as we buy a few times
