oh my god it must be so hot now they're
AC isn't working your officer is the
cool if I smoke in here okay I do this
California camera something man welcome
back to the part in the vault called
controversial topics with Zane and
Scotty yeah okay so you guys both
underage drink right you guys approve of
it oh yeah doing it you were gonna doing
it I'm still doing it baby
have you been drinking since you were 12
glass twister is in bed yeah on Fridays
or something when it's like really chill
in the lunchroom yeah I would sneak a
beer into a water buffalo
one beer it was one arc only bring one
beer so I'll take out the water ball and
it was like the 8 of us I'm like yeah
we'd all go to class like you feel it in
my yeah how do you feel well underage do
I feel right I'm done 100% I think it's
a good idea I think it introduces you to
drinking in a good age okay good
as opposed to say I'm not gonna buy you
fucking beer again come in come actually
huh I haven't seen you in a while I need
to talk okay
I used to be in the vlogs all the time
and used to always call me a slut
Julia's a slut you're the biggest slut I
know yes yeah I know honestly I've
talked to lies about it and I feel
really bad because lies I told me to
stop calling like women sluts I wanted
to apologize to you but I didn't know
how fuck Liza what fuck Liza no call me
a slut more I just like been losing a
bunch of followers I don't want to call
you a slut what if your parents watch
these videos you mean my daddy no stop
saying that all of a sudden his fucking
bitch Corinna just replaces me as a slut
I fucking hate her she's a prude ask
oh hey Crenna your hair looks nice
I wish I had time to do my hair like
that but I'm sure is he's fucking
somebody dudes you know I'm putting a
little warning on this vlog don't watch
the rest of it unless you're over the
age of what 30 this is a stupidest
argument I think I've ever seen in my
entire life
Julia wants to be called the slut more
what our slut test like um you know if
she's a good kisser okay but Julie has a
boyfriend so I don't know okay never
mind who's your boyfriend no that you ho
around yeah how is he your boyfriend we
just look really good trust you're
really mad I'm gonna give you guys lists
of certain situations you're gonna tell
me how you respond to them okay a
teacher gives you an F on a test what do
you do okay there you go
so let's say Dom's at a party this is a
different done this is millionaire Bob
Julia's ready Julia knows he's a
millionaire sorry Oh Julia you actually
have a boyfriend come down Lily just
falling out shooting a softcore porn
what a joke who do you think a bigger
slut is like honestly I don't slushy you
don't slut shame no but right as a
fucking whore
complete seriousness how many guys have
you slept with Julia go wait you guys
both have lists on your phone about how
many guys you've slept with
really I wouldn't want to shake
Hollywood I fucked my teacher less oh my
teachers gotta love Julia go how many 24
24 oh my god teacher Khan says one
teacher Khan says walk okay doesn't say
18 but with my teacher 20 was it 11 last
time I saw you my doctor told me I have
herpes for a week and I got blood work
done in there like oh sorry false alarm
Goswami got herpes but you still a
fucking important I've never actually
slept with a virgin before oh really
well Oliver just pure virgin time you
had chlamydia like six months ago yeah
maybe you can be born or you were dumb
has three kids still tries to convince
girls he's a virgin I adopted at a young
age what that's very shocking spots and
Daniel makes you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik someone sent us a
bunch of these little chocolate drop
things I'm gonna pour analyzes monitor
is RT ready the goal of this you have to
try to swallow all of them okay okay
there we go oh my god swap em off doing
like it from a horror movie
by Maggie
walked in this body
he's drunk looking skinny jeans holy in
the man hey hey hey okay okay I won't do
this there's nothing to your neck
