we won't take a picture together but we
can't because there's no one else inside
the house so we called an uber and we're
going to ask the over guy if you can
take a picture of us we don't need a
ride we just want to float we actually
don't need a ride but can you take a
picture of me and my friend okay you go
yeah okay
I wasn't logged in but this just
happened so watch this no no no no no no
no no no no it's hot if you jump in I'm
gonna shout out your Instagram no way no
no Doug actually jump in don't put your
bindi fish fish Gambas oh my gosh you're
born you had to jump in you idiot no God
it move we stopped in the dirt pile you
have to get that I don't want to go in
there let me see Hugh it's all wet just
through its gonna go right back I don't
like this much how did that happen I do
it that way so earlier you guys saw that
Dom got a stripper pole from a stripper
well today that strippers come in to
pick I hate referring to houses for
priority feel like I'm very named cherry
blossom she walks in a cherry so today
this stripper today the cherry blossom
is coming to pick up her stripper pole
the strippers not coming here Debbie can
you make out with Dom just so I have
something interesting I came too big a
thumbnail I have this image in my head
of you that I can never get out of my
head one time when you guys first moved
in here and I was like just started
hanging out with you guys
Dom came out who was like really sweaty
and we had like he was in his boxers and
many said do I look sweaty
oh fuck it fucking some bitch I go back
to doing you're probably a cool guy but
I just like have that image in my head
of like wallets if I had a dollar for
every time Dom came into my room asking
if I wanted to smoke some drugs I'd have
enough money to pay for his REO Dom
always comes to my room and he's like
did you want to smoke some drugs as if
like I've changed my mind was the last
two hours we're gonna get Scott to ride
this board right we're gonna tell him in
order to do it you got to lean forward
to get it going and then he doesn't know
that there's a controller there's good
lunch to guess I don't not get ready to
put your thing so get even so then put
your your front foot up further go for
it and then just lean forward no he has
the remote in his pocket oh fuck you no
way you did it me i could have seriously
broken my fucking hat no I know you're
just hoping that someone had a bloody
debt so you just use as a thumb they'll
say Nate why when you apply pressure
here it starts moving forward oh I think
you stepped in the wrong area you sure
yeah you Sierra's going yeah it's all in
the flick of the ankles maybe if you
jump out at the same time Oh God you go
I'm not very good I'm actually kind of
been lying to you what do you mean I
haven't been telling you how to actually
do it you see the orange thing yeah you
have to tap your foot right there right
there yes or back here no Todd it's the
remote there's a remote see it's the
remote I think it says your hand no it
didn't set my slowly start going forward
look Oh hopping a little bit quicker
yeah there we Scott do it exactly like
saying there we go I don't think it's
sensing you Oh God there we go Scott use
that now Scott use that oh my god how
about this you hold the remote to the
thing I'm gonna go get the board okay
that's Arctic subject chrisfix you like
it subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else that Eliza what nothing at
all oh she just wants to show everybody
her new Tesla Cup that came with the car
did the cup come with the car what what
did the car come with the cup know that
you can run the route later you can run
it but we just really no picture
