can you get these for the vlog do you
have an idea with them yeah okay yeah at
home okay I'll get them out perfect dude
what was the idea with these to eat them
- what but what was the vlog idea I'm
hanging out with that Vincent Marcus
today he's an incredible impersonalist
impersonator
the first edition run through just a
bunch of your voices okay it's Michael
Caine little Griffin for friendly guy
Stevie Griffin Stuart Gilligan Griffin
we have a Cleveland from Family Guy -
man oh no Joe Joe Swanson is a serious
kind of guy but nobody's he's retarded -
Peter and I return I'm Andy I feel like
I'm shuffling your entire what was the
first voice that you ever knew that you
can do remember my first words for sure
so did it beat what does your family do
for a living they kill they kill they
kill for living large assassins know
they drive over the Cooper so if they
drive for uber then how do they kill
they make such good money they make a
killing the killers are nuber yes they
get in the car and then BOOM money money
you ride that high that you bought a
stripper pole damn you don't have enough
money for rent let alone buying poles to
put in our house is my new side house I
might get girls to come inside and dance
on my charge you guys coming and get
dances you know fuck in the house this
is me usually walking right that's holy
weed here this is me walking it house
was I'm coming here knowing Dom this is
definitely a used stripper pole where'd
you find it some girls came when they
were dancing on it what do you mean they
just came over dancing on we didn't have
this big brought it over and they forgot
they're like okay come pick up my
stripper pole tomorrow yeah that's
actually what is what the fuck happened
woman oh God
except we were jumping like to our downs
like this fuck you're gonna movie that
yeah you can fucking Alex's bed you can
fucking Davis miss Bailey
take her out you can fucking her cage
before you do the stripping you have to
sanitize the pole so you put a little
vodka rub it on the pole right you can
learn a lot from a guy like we literally
left for two hours and this became a
sprint we have to punish ever holding
down how could you even sure that I
would have people leave from boss I look
at it on the bright side we can have
skits where we pretend we're on a bus
blow on my hair the wind on the spot
coming coming coming
hey I just dropped by I was in the
neighborhood the movie the moon detect
about the movie the movie you made and I
promoted you put it on your vlog yeah I
put on my father I was really nice too
you have no problem dude but here's the
thing
um it's not it's not doing now you want
me to shout it out again I don't want to
I already did it I can be annoying if I
double promote the movie well you know
what I won't I won't fucking it out cuz
I mean when you had no followers David
okay become a fucking asshole he wants
me to promote his movie I was gonna go
motherfucker stop stop fucking go wow
you don't like you too much fucking
light to fucking be me
I got fucking kids to feed Alex and you
fucking come at me you fucking throw
across the place fucking dare you
fucking piece of shit millennium it fuck
it out you got a lot of fucking anger
issues out the fuck up fuck up you're
gonna fucking be old someday you'll be
fucking dead your fucking anger problems
when I'm old your fucking deck fucking
hard being old I can't get out of then
the morning my fucking back hurts so
much and you're a fucking piece of shit
I don't want you here giving off that
attitude giving off those vibes if all
you're gonna do is be negative about
everything you have in your life he's
gonna fuck kill anyone get a real job
dress out get a real job I work at
Quiznos that's Jerry's block the
Katzenbach makes you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik so lies and I
gotta try a new thing wherever this
globe lands that's where lies is gonna
go that's gonna be like a little travel
thing ready yeah spinning spinning oh
Jesus
Oh
lyza totally just cracked the globe yeah
I'm causing earthquake in Philippines we
didn't that actually yeah I think that's
to close down
