well you just met me yesterday Alex and
I stopped a domestic abuse situation
like no joke you I like like we were
walking in the Sears and that's why she
was getting hit what were they doing at
fears were leaving Sears and right
outside the entrance a dude is literally
hitting his wife open best clothes best
like he like okay so she was shoes can
you go to him and she's walking and he
came up behind her were like oh he's
gonna hug her he's so cute and he just
starts pounding at the back of her head
we just pulled over right away and then
we were just like hey hey and then the
dude came up to our car and that's the
point where I turned out my camera and
this is what I got what's up turn like
bitch okay no she's not your bitch dude
how the Poland does I don't have a
problem but that's not your bitch I
don't care it's my wife okay but she's
not your bitch is your wife let her
leave my fucking bitch she's cheating me
okay do this at the way to respond now
are you good ma'am do you ride come here
you're beating somebody outside in
public imagine what happens in a house
with that fucking asshole on blast
alright since Heath missed out on the
last commission Heath and I gonna talk
about abortion my god your topics that
you want to talk to me about are
ridiculous all right guys today we're
gonna be talking about rape know I
talked about abortion so much it
literally looks like I'm trying to get
an abortion and getting it like you you
need advice for those which it doesn't
abortion dude no not that not that I'm
having a baby I guess I just bought a
fish and I'm gonna go to the food court
at the mall I'm gonna pretend that was
in my drink and you want to be my drink
that's how I said it sometimes this
blood isn't funny he'll throw in a fake
lap in there maybe get brain surgery mmm
so natural it comes with a fish but you
have to save the fish and put it in a
sanctuary yeah daddy's gonna go ask for
a refill
no I sighs I suspect you are so casual
about it do you normally find fishing
activities to fish in there why would
they care Ellie the most fucking
disgusting place in the world I don't
think Dom understands why it's bad to
hit a woman oh it's terrible
oh now you know it's bad there's a lot
of people coming from the streets right
not because they just like concert can
we go out there and see how many people
you can make out with I don't think they
drank maybe like really drunk amigo it
done fucked up right now are you nervous
no I suppose there was this home like a
smooth operator walks up the elevator
what's so bad
I don't know that wasn't a stick just
like I'm from LA normal Alex over here
thinks that some birds don't even have
legs sure sure what is that get the fuck
out of here go sit down Alex who's out
there why are you taking off your bow up
there just talk to me dude I want to
know who's out there David shut the fuck
up and go hide the kid we don't have
kids would you love kids
Alex stop who is it what is that a
yellow table yeah you've never seen one
dersu what do they do ever since the
Able's came off the shelf in 1936 I've
lost my fucking shit come on man you're
literally just Alex David shut the fuck
up what's just what's going on just
explain to me dude Alex no what are you
doing it how are you bleeding dude what
did you do but you hide the kids did I
hide the what the kids did you hide the
kids we don't have any kid oh we don't I
guess we're just roommates
that's Ray's vlog take sots and Claire
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik
wise and I got a boosted skateboard I
have no idea
that's an electric skateboard Liza has
no idea so she found out how to use it
so she do this on the better way be here
with it
bye come time
why is everybody or what is this a
reunion I felt exactly which fish to get
excuse me could I have sir please get
that one
