show everybody what you've been working
on for a really long time so excited
about it I've been working on it every
day I put a new picture up or dresses
this is it
it's my David trying a couple days ago I
picked up a hitchhiker named dancer and
you guys all seem to really like him and
the vlog did really well because you
guys just really liked it you guys
actually ended up donating a total of
$1000 to dancer not so this is $500 on
each card he needs both of these and why
those thing maybe one would do it I mean
we should test them to see if they work
here's the little catch tall oh my god
do I get money - no but catch tall this
is I don't know where dancer is you're
lying I don't know I have no idea where
he is
so if we don't find him I can keep the
money now okay I'll take us at least 20
minutes we're coming thank you bye here
he is David he's got really nice fashion
for a blind dude you're a little
suspicious now he's actually a huge fan
of your vlogs and he just like goes
around like hoping that you'll pick him
up oh what's your name I wish I could
see you dancer buddy oma how you doing I
owe you guys a song when we get there we
want to hear the best song you got you
guys grew up free shows don't ever go to
Hollywood and start charging for $60 to
go is that you series for free out for
everybody watching really really liked
you and they decide all throwing money
and we got you a $500 Visa gift card
thank you well I like to go to Bank
president thank you I got put in the
back I'm kind of thinking wouldn't it
away you girl you can trust me I'll be
giving it I'm not gonna go buy a bottle
of like what a vial of whiskey baby
maybe some gin Venus some blind people
they they can heckle locate and they can
tell for what I go oh what are you in
love he goes am i in a car we're like
yes you are oh she might end up being my
little personal assistant she don't even
have big clear as daylight I'm sorry I
were to say it
she's one of God's tillis wonders that's
what what's your type in women like what
uh what kind of girls do you go well
byxis in a car
convicted zanac arming God I believe in
God that's a trifecta baby chicks are
believing God I'll marry a Mike in three
weeks
I remember me right yeah I felt magic
that I don't know you as well as I know
David I rode with David uh-huh but I
would like to be David's lifelong friend
what is this
so it's a it's a Model X Tesla do you
want to see how fast it goes
this is Jessa yeah buddy hit it oh whoa
some of us yeah it's really fast this is
the door up here oh my god then feel it
go down see how it's coming down
awesome isn't it this is high check this
is truly a fail less so we told you that
they got you $500 but they actually got
you a thousand so we're going to deposit
a thousand to your account okay they
really liked you it's just like you five
hundred dollars worth adduct you a
thousand dollars right thank you yeah no
problem good you deserve it
Ethan I gave danced with a homeless guy
$1000 today that's fucked up
we gave him what do you mean we give him
a thousand bucks how can you give
somebody you don't even know a thousand
dollars when your friend Heath listen
that's a race vlog thanks watching Jack
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and he also advised that uh
yeah yeah she has something that never
surprise for you guys
we've been planning this for a little
bit we're taking a trip guess where John
the OH
I've go
and as hard as a seat
Oh
come and see
