what do you think about SeaWorld fuck
SeaWorld cuz they kill those animals no
because it's way too overpriced
this is Alex Anna groaning our first
premiere for our own movie that we're in
for like really long time I'm in it yeah
like a really low chock no you're
probably really jealous of all these
teenage girls screaming everywhere right
pedophile huh someone call Chris Hanson
cuz we got a pile of soil over here this
is big mom I give you permission okay
with the pad tomorrow morning okay I big
Nick Turse walked by us and I told him
that Alex is coming to hang out with him
tomorrow I'm so surprised that didn't
raise any red flags
why on earth would Alex come to hang out
yeah what do you think I'm nuts okay
what's up what Jason say I missed it oh
he said it he was getting a shot okay
guys we're gonna target with big Nick
you know what that means handicap this
cow how much less expensive is
everything if you're handicapped it's
same fucking price yeah all right you
know what's the fucking point of being
handicapped is slower than my colleague
okay now you're showing off Vic how you
feel to be driving the Tesla Model X of
shopping carts this is a p90d right Alex
we're gonna throw it on Nick's tab what
tab they jump bro yes you broke in
that's why we're getting a good price
what's the actual discount from what's
the actual fuck the deal ankle disc want
I'll just put this Bluebird the end of
the video video basically Daniel with a
video I hope you want to be in the video
I'm looking for the less comfy toilet
paper so Dom stops uh rubbing is pussy
with it I'm not even kidding right now
do you think you can fit in this and be
a little baby laughs its infant size
that may be too big so let me know how
we're a target right now with Nick and
we're buying this bat and he doesn't
know but in about 12 hours going
straight through his TV Alex from here
it looks like you got the grocery bags
to follow us you can't even see please
respect him say two nice things to him
dude I think you have an average sized
egg which is it come on Alex he's
kidding I know I get sensitive about his
powers come back dude
come back a hurry
that sensitive what are you doing with
that what are you doing with that
I'll go oh my Alex no shut the kid I
told you to say nice things about her
hair come on what's this shit huh big
please say nice things Alex oh no give
me that shit bitch everyone always makes
fun of my fucking TV 7000 to play this
game don't ever break one of my shit
again I took a weird turn
how do you do that you find me a new
puppy TV you did your mom yesterday came
that's at the premiere and she gave us
permission to break your TV
I asked her like do I have to buy him a
new one she's like no information you
fucking dick I invite you here you bring
a fucking Venice in my house your mom
was so nice like your mom I don't give a
fuck
stop saying your mom my mom is not me
you fuck it up honestly probably have to
turn it off and on again and over
because it working
oh you turned on your xbox yeah that'll
power the TV you're never coming over to
yes never inviting you over again or you
i'ma just gonna live with fucking
irrelevant people prove to me that with
my mom's idea that is your own mother
then betray me I didn't really like that
TV but is the only thing I had go for me
we're not buying a new TV because we
already bought you a brand-new TV a
brand new 50s 4k TV it's a happy pray
why you want this yeah no way it's for
you dude it's like your birthday beer
you happy do it Dave way you actually
buy this or did my mom buy this my
brothers do this is way better than sex
make-a-wish heard about your cause yeah
I think in another way what you have to
say to your mom now I just want to say
mom thank you so much for giving me this
opportunity predictive I we a new TV oh
you know I really wanted a new TV I just
didn't know this is how I was going well
that's a very small thanks watching
Jenny makes you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik anything else at
Eliza
I feel I think lies on with everybody to
see that she's in a Teen Vogue article
so if you guys don't know she's in the
Met what are you doing now we're your
best actors in the movie if you had it
built back we're acting in the movie
we're playing sixteen-year-old
douchebags
yeah but you guys aren't like that this
is part of a community
