Kris alarm who are you because I am who
the gabbie show Oh
Alex what Alex guys we went to USC party
and first there was a lot of fun here's
a clip then it got a little more not fun
here's another clip nobody wanted
problems you want to run shit run shit
no no wants to run anything we're all
walking alright so what you learn from
yesterday fighting is always good
no now the best way to resolve oh you
did not learn her now if he's watching
us right now what we have to tell him
pussy ass bitch no and you just please
apologize them just in case he is
watching this if you're out there
watching this I'm sorry for what
happened it shouldn't escalate it to
what it did I'm sorry I got that way you
also shouldn't came at me like a
punk-ass bitch fuck got new protein
powder look fucking rip - dude you would
you would actually bigger than ya holy
fuck nice to have some of the dope body
in this house finally right yeah I want
you get the fuck out Alex come on chill
dear David there can be more than one
guy with a nice body in you fuckin touch
me you're Alex's cool toddy stays here
right Alex Alex no what's wrong you
can't break it and not finish your
character who's gonna clean up the mess
now oh yeah oh that's gonna be hot
yeah you clean it up I'm cleaning stuff
you're what I'm clean why did you bring
so many cuz we need new glasses
I told Alex before we shot down like go
ahead break everything just not the TV
he goes damn you want a new Xbox put
your hands in here ah these two girls
came where my car get me do an
impression of them go oh my god
if I had that call I was sleeping it I
will fuckin mommy asked how much was
this imma save up for that no one wins
the lottery win the lottery it's just a
scam to get Americans to pay money for
stupid things yeah and why did I buy a
ticket this is a true story about dirty
Dom we went to a party one night
together we weren't really friends back
in high school so I don't know how this
hat and we took my mom's car out because
none of us had cars because we were so
young and yes we ended up drinking every
kid did it at that time it doesn't
matter anyway Tom was actually the only
one that didn't drink at the time
doesn't know the driver we're leaving
the party I give him the keys I'm like
Dom do you know how to drive the car I'm
like honestly skin visit I'm licensed
because he's from Serbia or wherever
he's from I'm guessing the cars like
dude can you just shut up leave me alone
puts the car in reverse slams on the gas
it hits the car right behind a huge dent
in both my car and the person's car and
then I'm like Dom what did you do and
he's like nothing it's nothing puts it
in Drive he's out of it three minutes
later we got a call from the person
that's running a party and she's like
you better get back here right now give
me money or I'm calling the police we
took out $500 which is all he had repay
this girl and this is after 30 minutes
and I'm trying to say not going back I'm
not going back
we just was just leave we'll never see
her again yeah the shit goes to school
with us moral the story just don't have
an idiot being the designated driver
because being an idiot is the same thing
as being your honor
debbie has to answer all these questions
honestly or she'll go to prison first
question black or white people
if someone in high school was like hey
Gaby you're stupid and ugly and you saw
him today what would you say you say if
like it was hypothetical I would say hey
how you like me now any like shit I
don't know your nose can get any bigger
when you grow up do you think you'll
stop hanging out with kids that are my
age that's rays lock they shot Detroit
if she liked it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik
guys I'm dropping lice off at the
airport right now she's going to New
York New York so that means all the
girls I texted you guys welcome to come
over now she's gonna be good girls come
over their maids they're gonna come
clean to surprise you
are you getting the place clean yeah
there are girls being shirtless
shirtless they're gonna clean so there's
no shirts on the ground shirtless no
shirts so they're all gonna put it away
we're all gonna put out put them away
they're putting it thank you guys for
watching bye
Ringo smoke toehold join himself not
realizing he was a busta positive haha
