see things happen in real life right
David says hey let me pull out the
camera that was funny and I say thank
you he turns the camera on who do it
just like we did in real life and let me
tell you it's nothing like we did in
real life
Jane's gonna pretend he's a girl you're
at a party right she's laying here but
then you're gonna make your way and
you're gonna make your way to hook up
with Juanita or whatever you're gonna
admit Wong he said why this always got
to be about race it's not breaking
action oh sorry I didn't meet you no
savesies
ha ha pretend like you're at least on my
heart a girl's doing this II Tommy let
him work for you let him get you action
oh sorry my bad thing closer to what
that'd be like a normal girl at a party
okay action yo bitch what's up Oh David
do not play a deaf girl just play a
regular girl that was in the record okay
okay go David can we please keep our
focus is ain't stopping a weird slide
out of it okay action
hi feelin frisky wanna have sex okay
some gay come on Todd oh ma I'm on my
way to the streamys it's an award show
but I find a hitchhiker I don't know if
this is a good idea or a bad idea
oh here he is oh hi shake you're really
friend I wanted to kind of hear more
about how you got to that situation
where I had to pick you up oh okay I'm
home
you're homeless this is a lay-oh about I
don't know five six years ago my second
wife died so I kind of got displaced
after that it wound up here in Hollywood
this friendship train is headed my way I
forgot the other first by the grace of
God you're a neat guy
this isn't I'm not somebody cool elevate
I'm not Syrian army of line I got to go
up the curb so you can't see anything at
all
I got a new tattoo last night is it all
red or what the lightning bolts are red
the planets black and then there's seven
other planets there no I'm kidding way
back before feet were created you for
satyr Pluto concrete for sidewalks all
the molecules lightning is slowed all
the craters on the moon God's hit the
street alight I still think the moon's
made out of cheese one night some chicks
at Anya's and you were still has to move
you it she's sick
what's the worst part about not being
able to see how huge I miss cleavage
cleavage I've told other people the same
thing you know as a matter of fact
you're a neat guy I'd like to see what
you look like or see my cleavage either
way right
oh man you had a deep voice for what I
am linking the raspy there are Telugu
people rose I'm not in Nebraska I've
been driving the wrong way wrong way I'm
cool route of it you know I don't have
cleavage yeah you don't have cleavage I
don't know I mix it up there in a
miniskirt and Cleveland if you have a
miniskirt out I picked you up 20 minutes
ago yeah oh excuse my French
okay you ever hurt my guitar playing
yeah I'm great but no I'm getting Vic
I'm getting at least your humble that's
awesome David is the guy that helped me
on Tuesday you know I don't know we do
it we'll go David said hello yeah
now and the Streamy goes to lies Akashi
I got that's the phrase logs expensive
Natalie makes you like it subscribe
premiere or tweet me to voice sorry
I'm glad when you want to know war like
your girlfriend tweet me an award please
no matter what and every time I step up
in the building every
I just taught Liza that she looks pretty
and she was like pretty wet pretty cute
pretty hot pretty sassy so what kind of
a look at him look at him look at him I
genuinely just wanted to find out like
why he was in that position and I kind
of didn't get to because all he did was
sing but that's okay because we had a
good time
