can my friend impress you guys with some
cool words yo what's up I'm in Delta
alpha Tesla Model X ha you 50 they just
walk right by Nick text me because he
went to go get an MRI to get his like
neck checked out because it was like
what was wrong with it what was wrong
with your neck there's a crevice in my
brain that's 33% of the size it should
be so the fluid in my brain is not going
down to my spine Wow
so obviously that seems pretty scary and
terrifying you mean see bitch yeah okay
scary terrible this is the funny part
make it's this bad news right and he
texts me and he said don't tell anyone
and I'm like dude I totally wouldn't
like that seems pretty bad I'm glad
you're keeping it between us you know
just like bros and he's like okay good
because I want to use it for my
clickbait that's a lip stop David never
responded Keith and I were thinking that
there's gonna be more like self-driving
cars on the road what the driving
lessons for kids are gonna be like it's
like I get in the car alright and where
do you place your hands turn into wrong
you don't touch the steering wheel the
car drives itself
what's your name Oh nice to meet you
that's my girlfriend's name too
this is the size box we brought this is
a big big outside don't pee in my car
okay when we pick you up yeah it's a
Tesla Model X yeah that'll tell no
that's amazing oh my god oh my god
that's really warm she gives it to you
and she goes well that wasn't the milk
update on our situation we couldn't get
the goat in the car because it just
wouldn't go into the trunk so now we're
actually getting two chickens and you
probably wonder why we're getting two
chickens that's because they told us
that if you just get one it'll get
depressed and it'll die which is what
I've been trying to tell Liza so lies if
you're watching this and you want to
text me back sometime now it'd be great
you want to come see the chickens she'll
kill it okay come see the new chicken
this is your new home for the rest of
you live so for the next six hours have
fun they only have two legs how stupid
is that I'll have to like I was just
thinking about like other animals
totally forgot that we have two legs go
prime in the pool now let me what for a
bad porch for a bath okay we realize
that getting animals is a little bit too
cliche now this is my pitch chimpanzees
are only $60,000 yeah but what would be
cooler than that
would be
Dopp ting a baby a real baby you could
adopt a baby for way cheaper than 69 you
can teach it literally to do anything
you want and there's so much easier to
catch okay you and shit yeah that's
later down the line but you returned it
by that yeah of course so on Craigslist
I just search adopt baby that was a
couple results six month old
six month oh yeah ninety nine blocks oh
it's names already Kumaran though oh oh
oh and it's already named Saint would be
the best mother he's just a nice that
impressed feeding the baby it's like I
don't feel like picking up so I just sit
there I'm just like hold you play with a
drink is gonna be the message oh yeah we
had the best playdate ever looking but
yeah mine always yeah he what is that
that's the chicken oh this is season and
everything
yeah lemon pepper I really just said go
have fun with your not do this yeah I
know I had fun with them oh the craziest
thing is I got an egg out of it right
before I kill ah right whoever I
returned oh where did you return him if
he's right there all cooked up back to
God before the show gettin it
that was a chicken Meghan actually
already ended up taking the chickens now
this is sketchy because it literally
looks like yeah well where are they we
Megan it up taking the chickens to
shelter so we're good right
hmm that's raised well I think certainly
makes you like and subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik dude I hope people don't
actually think that I killed that
chicken that was a fake chicken guys and
if anything there's two different
chickens so I only really killed one but
none of the chickens are harmed so
they're all safe they're all roaming
around they're all the what did check
the oven
what do you mean I could check the oven
because there is no poultry that's being
cooked in there what are you doing Thank
You popsicles in the oven yes okay okay
Oh
Oh
down
I don't know why you didn't just go
around this way anyway you have to go
that way oh the popsicles ooh chicken
