how is he so comfortable with pooping in
your house I wish you would use my guest
bathroom also like all my dirty
underwear in there oh hold on this is
you're not you're just up do I just
don't understand why like you've stayed
the size like I grew up I'm twenty year
eighteen how are we not the same size
could you imagine if someone was
actually like this can you just explain
to you I would not disguised I love
Davis viewers think about our short you
are for 18 there's obviously something
wrong obviously something wrong it's
called door visibly dumb fuck I doubt it
I think that we got it I don't
understand shit I'm just glad you get
away with this
how do you get away with pretending to
be at war I just don't understand
there's so many subscribers and they all
promote this kind of bullies what if you
just don't age as fast as the rest of us
you're actually gonna grow to be tall
but it's gonna take you more years right
now you're like what a six year old
tight no I'm like I'm like at 12 year
olds 13 years I didn't know with all the
ones you know cowboy I can't even think
of a clever response just as of use as a
sole putrid so disgusting
it's fucking Oh I just spit all over in
my bed oh my god I'm it's tricky tricky
I'm kidding all right guys to all the
drawers out there watching Nick wants
let you guys know stop shaking it
Emiliano Aldo was here where is she
but far from the United States from me
from Miami in USA so she's in Miami I
feel like I'm third-wheeling right now
this is probably what it feels like I'm
getting out of me and Liza its wayward
I'm trying to get this massage chair to
touch me and it won't touch me
I've ever liked ever heard it's just
ridiculously this is more than $3,000 if
you would lease and my Tesla and I drove
around on curves you'd probably feel
about her we have your Tesla in every
situation policy Hossein look car wash
thank God I just bought a brand new
Tesla earlier when I was here I asked
you if you could say and you're like I
probably do it if he's down I decide
that what would it take for you guys to
kiss a guy a direct shout out in the
next ten videos what's the direct shot
Oh what about me make sure you go
subscribe to Gabi like and subscribe
treat me at David over go subscribe to
me number twenty blogs I'll make out
with him good buddy of ours you'll make
out I'm not stingy I'll do five shots
babes like I'll just do it if I shout
you out in 20 vlogs you'll make our
names what do I need to get something
out of this you get to make out you guys
make out for 15 seconds I'll do a second
that's a make out I'll oh I'm sitting
here like a test subject let the viewers
decide in the comments if that's what
we're gonna do next I wanna shout out to
okay cuz I have to do the make out to I
could literally both a campus and this
still wouldn't happen you know that
right
why cuz I'm not getting anything out of
it zine you're getting a kiss absolutely
not no you are she'll do it how about
this how about this I'll make a good
deal after the 15 second makeout I'll
leave and you guys can finish up paint
finishes during the makeup do you know I
mean people do it's not like checking
your watch this is like a natural human
thing I don't know
I'm David Derek Derek wait why does your
dad hit you what yeah
what if weird assumption no I we went to
the park and we were playing baseball
and I fell
oh you foul so you got the Bruce from
falling no you got mad that I fell so he
beat me
you think you want me to help you find a
new family what kind of a family do you
are that's resolved accepting Katie
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik
anything else add Derek I'm Derek
when I save anybody's out there who
needs a family I am a person
let me know
I'll tell you
being guy we do a 15-second makeout you
and Liza have to do a 15 second makeup
no and that's it we're doing it wrong
YouTube red Nova skin water
