early dinner do you want to see what
happens when you put this upside down on
your skin Dom get in here do is this
okay this dude is it okay that your life
savings is just here are you guys moving
to where we just moved from LA
I'm not Cody Banks is room camera you
bad state when I sex in my bed is
getting recorded it's all supposed to
get a security camera in the corner of
his room he's very paranoid so that'd be
a weird day you know people can just
hack into the camera and then they can
see what you're doing right I don't have
to table my laptop I'll just put tape
over the cameras fucking hack I've
gotten into like multiple security
cameras you've gotten the multiple
Krispy Kremes
put my dog down you're drunk jason spent
like almost $1,000 on the suit he
doesn't know yet alex is sitting next to
us let's buzz aldrin a second man on the
moon Todd goes oh yeah well I'm the
thirty of guy
are you guys going home with each other
tonight yes what's the plan for the rest
of the night I'll just like go back to
my mom's place fuck about actors about
youtubers babies the woman that was all
over your at the parties periscopers mom
same big projects ever makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik but
my dog had you drunk
scott still hanging on to no one time he
was in the blog today
Penn says Skelton come in but then and
then there's cash oh my god
