I'm here with Heath and Heath is driving
in my car we're gonna see if we can pick
up some chicks yeah how are you today
I'm doing one it's off now it's talking
to the car you okay baby
I'm gonna for it I'm gonna try to get
your reaction he's gonna record I'm
actually ok here we go three two oh my
god here's a gun sir read the sign
oh no guns there's obviously no guns
damn dude sigh man society goodbye
losers we're just leaving in our Tesla
please don't crush my friends Tesla
please I can't get girls if this cars
crap thank you so much I don't think
I've ever had so much fun in my life
okay now get our peel box up oh yeah
yeah Siri what's the weather and also
open Oh a she's like that oh oh that's
fucking lame yeah good something mixin
Zane you're adding coke to gum what does
that say he said always a nut you gotta
put a nut in it gum and nuts right now
I'm calm
have you ever had a sugared on it have
you read candied almonds no this is get
hold on alright Mama's gonna try this
before she's a turkey you're gonna try
oh those are almonds nuts and coca-cola
mixed together okay and now what is that
what was that oh my has no idea mama has
to pray before she needs to cook it
computo our friends mama cooking so good
she doesn't want to give any just i
guess mom was in smaller mama what it
tastes like - your daddy's cooking mommy
your son want some chew food i love that
feature food i mean i want to take care
of my kid there you go baby
try some my mama's gone no get that shit
away no no no kids in africa would be
happy to have this he's in everything
like fuck you he just asked me to hang
out and then loki threw in like yeah
she's probably gonna wring your tests
alright hahaha yeah tell me what you
told the tinder girl yesterday that
you're talking to she's super into me so
basically what happened was i was like
hey what's up and she was like hey how
you doing i was like you know not much
my best friend just bought a Tesla yeah
yeah she was like no way and then I was
like yeah you know I pretty much made it
what are you gonna say like right when
you see her when I get there I'm just
gonna be like oh yeah you know my friend
just dropped me off here in his Tesla
you know what I mean and she's just
gonna be stopping two lines and lilius
have been returning my calls all day
little Justin Bieber lies on your back
do you want to eat something yeah okay
have you ever had an apple well you are
try a pelear go try it bite into it with
you can show me your teeth okay here you
go
no chest you're at orange juice it's
really good
exactly like this fruit put in juice
form yeah no jet that's the wrong okay
you know who this is
looks like orange chicken you came from
a foreign country so wash your hands
okay put the soap pockets better make
sure you use the water - okay a lot of
good no no no use the water for your
hands good there we go
no jets that's a race log thanks for
watching Jack makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else to add jet oh hey gimme my
help jet what is it what are you trying
to get oh you want some candy this is
why we have these like it's a stepping
stool it helps you reach your candy so
whatever you want for the top shelf you
can just get it no Jack that's not
Oh
where are you born um on my hunt Siberia
the first time you said it it's not a
totally different what does it mean when
you pronounce it differently probably
I'm high or not right now what are you a
little bit silver Oh is a little bit
sober me
