No yeah no you did so I've noticed that
a lot of youtubers do this when they get
enough support from you guys is that
they go out and they buy their parents a
brand new car so instead of being like
every other youtuber I'm gonna go out
and buy myself a brand new car because
if you really think about who deserves
it more my immigrant parents who came
here from a foreign country risking
everything they had just to better the
lives of their children or me a 20 year
old who post three times a week three
times what I can't do this I can't no
but seriously I'm so thankful at I'm
really bad at expressing thankfulness if
that's a word if I didn't have you guys
watching my videos I would have had to
steal this car and if I had to steal it
but had probably end up in jail so
thanks for watching my videos and
keeping me out of prison
no but enjoy the rest of video I'm
really thankful I just don't know how to
show it okay all right bye bye bye bye
you excited
No what the fuck are we doing if you had
to guess where do you think we're going
probably picking up another stupid
animal
getting your Tesla huh I was honestly
thinking we were getting your Tesla we
are are we yeah
is that really what it yeah no it's not
yes it is you swear to god yeah to all
you people back in high school said I'd
never be anything my friends getting a
test my surprise to you is that I'm
buying myself but you know I'm still
super excited like I'm like real it's
yours not mine
you I bought it for you baby basically
if you guys still don't believe that the
car drives itself oh it's actually
really hard drive it's now Rock Paper
Scissors shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
only the other door open that be where
to shut up ya know ya know you didn't
that's why I wanted you to come here you
got it Tennessee
this is nice yeah press the bar press
the bun this guy's in your car
God what you got it no it's just
somebody else's car she wearing somebody
else's god I just bought her a brand new
car
stop yeah sure you she deserves it
oh it's his car it's my car but I
surprised her that I bought it cuz I've
been wanting it for I'm dating him so
it's basically mine yeah the morning I'm
real tight Cooper I was working my
office in the wing started going up and
I was like yo who's showing off walking
around Best Buy yeah he's like oh my god
who's showing pictures Munich's the look
lies is crying I'm sorry the majority of
this vlog so far has been about Teslas
but here's some other big things Debbie
I made that joke first you did not make
that joke he said being my card I said
world's big so gap dude I totally said
this and I wasn't gonna put in the vlog
cuz I'm like this is really mean but I'm
just gonna say just a Pisgah heavy off
I started downstairs oh my god okay
right in the spot oh shit you're out
look at this Lucan dad
that's ridiculous this is Liza's first
time she's actually parking correctly so
dope dude what's so dope going grocery
shopping with David and Liza you wanna
see Liza makeup on oh boy could I do
with the soap do with this oh good it
didn't dawn on me how excited you would
be about this oh that's why I'm dating
her dude see I'm a douche bag test loner
okay go ma'am does this look like a good
set of apples the one next to my Tesla
key yeah no I don't need any help but I
saw a Model X the Tesla in the parking
lot and I was wondering if you knew
whose it was
yeah that's mine so I was thinking about
getting this one for Hayden
who's he my little boy oh um but instead
I'm just gonna give him the spare key to
my Tesla Model X am i good to pay now
okay with your credit card these
groceries are what forty bucks yeah this
car floor you don't you thank you Oh
that's where he's locked thanks sergeant
Kim makes you like subscribe creamy
activities if you want to be in the
outdoor you're never in order no come on
we're in the house put it out dude
oh you're sorry romantic
