we're doing the double make me laugh
challenge how much more helpless Heath
need for his tattoo you know what's a
better joke than tattoo hoop
25 I haven't opened the toilet in four
months because it just stopped working
so I've been using Zane's bathroom but
apparently Elton just opened it today
and there is something in the toilet I
mean there's something I don't I don't
know
Lucianne explain they said just open it
are there snakes in here dude I swear to
God Alton's shut up this is a prank no
it's not Susie just open it one you can
use in a few to go three Oh No oh my god
what the fuck oh my god well you need to
polish whoo shit is that I don't know I
think it's like back flowing up peak are
these your girlfriends Elton comes out
he's like does anybody need vlog footage
literally this poop emoji amount of
filament so much worse like we know that
your shits combine into a monster we
open it the poop is like smoking a
cigarette what are you guys gonna do the
management company won't fucking do
anything this isn't a management company
you gotta hire the Ghostbusters baby you
guys just have enough did that toilet
for a while I did I knew it didn't work
so I just stopped trying to avoid shower
in there FML Charlie boy look that was
bugs flying out like dogs I got a
wedding bell - we're gonna poke it what
the expression I wouldn't poke it with a
10-foot stick that applies to right now
there is there something alive in there
big man comes out I literally thought
snakes were gonna come out but this was
10 times worse it's really bad
no I'm serious I think you have to call
the police
whatever is in there is like a fugitive
like it's not good how about of these
how can you eat a Hershey's chocolate
melt it and put it on your head to go
scare Scott get it Adam every day
chocolate Oh in nose we were doing that
this guy yeah let's actually go get a
napkin now and wipe it in the pool it's
gonna be a cool clip oh my god oh my god
it's just chocolate dude relax just it's
chocolate chocolate okay
now you're shaking because he's allergic
to chocolate he's hyperventilating
fucking baggage anytime you actually
intentionally want me to be in your vlog
I know it's bullshit well go do the vlog
fuck that Gabi hasn't seen it yet but I
just explained to her all the poop that
was in heats toilet this is my literal
fucking bag even Elton's shit and
maggots worst combination in the entire
fucking world
I'm done charge admission during October
as a haunted house this is disgusting I
didn't really want to bring this up in
the vlog but I actually just got my
wallet stolen and I honestly don't know
how to get it back have you ever had
anything stolen
no but I've stolen things what have you
stolen virginity's yo come on dude you
made Alex dagger this mouse again yes
Liberia that's for your rage did you
have any pets yeah I had a pet wolf oh
yeah yeah both his name
how would you tell him to say kazusa for
sister you know some points I do miss my
Lucia is that it's a small town in
Siberia none of us name on my dog the
time that I'm promised I'll clap my head
what are you gonna go visit uh-oh I
think I'm gonna visit my grandpa
for soccer this video got really shitty
like two months ago that's the race vog
thanks watching Julia make sure you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
so as i mentioned before i got my credit
card in my wallet stolen so if you're
the guy who stole it and you're watching
this I'm coming for you yeah minor he's
coming for Andy who's Leonard what how
do you know the names getting I made
that up but hey whoever stole his wallet
he's coming for you and he's gonna kill
you so you better go buy those shoes
that I wanted but you better go run and
hide because I'm a size 6 you better
just get out of town
you
are you ready alex has a girlfriend Oh
