Bailey come on get out of there Bailey
come on Bailey Bailey 1 2 3 Bailey
around bite dobrik ernst get up oh my
god these are beautiful they never have
bags here though and I always wanted bag
boy can I have this bag yeah oh my god
dude put this ugly mask on and pretend
to be a character this is going to be
one of the most interesting stories I
had a friend once I'm not gonna mention
any names but he was dating a porn star
and I'm like dude you know it's like
really weird and then he's like no it's
actually really cool cuz you know when
you date a regular girl you're scared
that she's cheating on you with someone
else so this way you know that she's
cheating on you with someone else I'm
like dude you realize he's gonna be
having sex with a new guy like every
week and he's like yeah that's the best
part I'm gonna get to travel
he was like excited about why are you so
okay with this he brings very valid
beliefs people are probably gonna think
I'm telling the story about you I wish
do I fucking travel opportunities are
phenomenal so today I press the number
to dial her phone so she can let me into
her building Gabby answers and she's
like hello and I'm like Hello and she's
like is this David and I'm like no like
is this David and I'm like no and then
she asked one more time and I'm like yes
and she's like okay good that's all it
took like there's no like secret
question or just like they say you're
David know your company is this David
just okay welcome back to a new part in
the vlog I like to call controversial
topics with Zayn and Scottie you're like
a game genie no nice probably good yeah
I can see you
explain what abortion is motion is
something that should have happened to
you
whoa just cuz he has freckles are you
pro-choice are you pro-life for abortion
hi I'm baby let's pretend Heath gets a
girl pregnant which is very likely Heath
can take care of it he has the money for
it the girl has the money for it okay
but let's pretend I don't like talking
about it like this is like you about
people we know
imagine Oprah gets pregnant Jesus it's
not make it a black thing doll this
isn't yeah but this is a topic of
controversial conversations with that
boos it vanishes by brandon calvillo you
say you guys are influencers you have
power to do stuff you do nothing a bunch
of it what are our jobs Scotty we're
influencers so why is it that I can't
come to you guys and be like hey let's
talk about something that's
controversial so we can change the youth
in America I can totally do that but I
don't have any intellectual knowledge on
abortion cut back to my first question
what are we we're influencers that's it
we don't need intellect behind our
answers we just influenced Scott what's
a good game that everyone should go
download counter-strike boom it's good a
bad game yeah probably but Scott just
said it in this video that we'll
probably get a couple million views so
you have to go download it right it's
not that we told them to be pro-choice
it's that we got them to start thinking
and now they're gonna go home to their
families gonna be like mom dad and my
pro-choice and pro-life abortions like
what do you offer certain birth attack
an abortion I'm sorry lodged with the
bong in it she's like I saw you doing
videos with Todd now I kid you not she
was like are you smoking weed you don't
have to you don't have to hide it from
him look mom I'm not smoking weed like
it's all for entertainment purposes and
then I put down the phone and hit my
blood there's a joke while I don't smoke
and fucking David it takes a lot of
objects it makes me look like a bitch
expose your friends who smokes david
dobrik boom no i don't
that's areas like thanks Dawson hey but
make sure you like it subscribe tweet me
at David Dover
what lies out what is it why what's
going on do you try to prank me this is
fake poop yeah you gotta fall for it
yeah I thought I was
you
hey guys um we need more double-a
batteries so I send more double-a
batteries
