I'm doing the whisper challenge with
Keith you know you keep smoking weed
it's gonna kill you no it's not that's
just a minute
I will bet you $100 that $3 cannot fit
come on guys let's go damn you got three
bottles you both you author Santa boom
John I'll pay you 100 you don't pay me
one my finance on the conscience a
picture of their first $100 bill he did
it to them you know you guys keep being
greedy I have to like cancel it all
today
off camera that deal was a hundred
dollars he can't just like change up you
can't be pulling strings in shit because
I dunno I would say where did he hear
things like yeah that's a lot of money
for you not for us no well guys guys are
being a little greedy and there was no
contract right babe ah they promised
these kids $100 I got all the three
vials on there and that was theirs not
paying up and making up excuses they
said they want you to just donate it
yeah who's your cousin Herman a Toledo
data to me I don't get enough time in
his blog look how quiet Zayn has been
success on it just I'm trying to find
his side I'm trying I'm trying to pick
it is it okay if they're an F that maker
I'm my own legal guardian I see you
you're a little guard here yes I audited
my parents that you don't have to worry
about him
what are your instagrams I'll put them
in the description you have you dubs Oh
WWD you BBS Jesus was that let me help
instagrams a web site which airs young
underscore Savage great is it actually I
was young underscore Savage those kids
are tearing Zana hobby like it was young
savvy because I bet your girlfriend has
another boyfriend zing god of doors like
I'm gonna have a girl yeah cause you
probably have a boyfriend yeah
well yeah I donated when you don't have
enough money you have to put an extra
like information I asked him if you
wanted to be a football player like if
that was his dream he was like nah son
that ain't a dream it's a reality why
last year though would you say you're
really popular guy a legend okay you say
your legend or an icon right I think
some people would refer to people like
you as delusional it's down the legendre
an icon yeah here's a new drill this is
Dom's bag of drugs right alex is gonna
act like the cop and we're gonna see
what Dom does with the drugs yeah oh who
is it oh my god it's a cop it's cop hi
officer there's nothing going on here so
you can come on in it's just us it's
just such a roommates hanging out oh
that's my roommate probably just taking
out the trash but Gabi's about to get a
nose job oh say it like that not what it
is you're getting an eye job are you
kidding okay
let me show you why watch it here that
watch is one Gabi's getting a nose job
because she has allergies but what I'm
saying is what I have to get this
deviated septum fixed anyways I might as
well get a no-show and while I'm there
might as well get my legs fixed if I get
a nose job will you date me really
awkward you know my roommate Dom yeah
would you date him for what weed and
teen parties I'm good fan I don't
understand why people in LA even buy
weed illegally callipers like the only
state where weed is legal and Dom sells
it illegally she does well that's Razak
thanks tragic Jackie makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik why
is it look you've literally made a worse
mess possible look at that clean it up
dude stop sighs hope you're just
spreading it around you're not even
cleaning it out okay where is the vacuum
dude that's what they're made for
okay good
it's a picture of you and your
girlfriend honestly
