you know like haha
let me see oh my god me Alex you Liza I
made it big this is so typical we would
kick Nick out of the car so fucking dumb
no sorry whoever made this but I look
really fucking stupid
Zayn where are you on this poster
y'all's news exclusive the middle box
you couldn't even see here we can see
you in the big toe so I'm pushing the
car in the back
dirty Dom was fucking a high as fuck and
lifted a broken table over by hey Dom
doesn't even smoke weed dude no change
imma change yeah he's totally done
smoking weed what's that bong up there
in the corner oh that's just the base
that's a fish
what are you puttin it flowers yeah
flowers no that makes no sense that
would be like you want to go get some
pizza that's how bout communicate the
starter place what I'm actually in the
mood for chicken wing I'm in high school
never drank never smoked second he moved
out here completely changed when you
turned me into a sad oh right right put
on you literally look like a Hispanic
Terminator like my Spanish son just
dressed up for Halloween
what if you have a daughter one day and
she sends a nudes oh my god don't even
start
and the guy responds thanks Elise is
play I mean she's all right this is not
yeah I'm a fucking tear that shit up
okay then we have a problem is like oh
thank you so much I appreciate that
whenever's if you catch your daughter
taking a minute I got you're taking it
yeah I'm in a pretty good camera son
asked if she needed like well I get two
juicy fire okay so the juicer part is
worth there I got recognized at the
party and it was like crowded up the
party and then they got pissed about
that so that they're like oh they think
you have followers that you're better
than us and I was like being a smartass
and I was like of course
mojo be ready took it seriously and they
fucking like started yelling at me my
light is they kicked us out sounds that
what happened now let me give you the
extended school part
what they extended skills I love to hear
this bullshit that this I motherfucker
talking about they kick him out of the
house cuz you know a stair house and
Nick gets on one of these type of things
like she abused me she first I never did
that I said they push me down the stairs
no guy I was with at the party decides
to call the police
how would you like next time you want to
party somebody talks shut you wanna have
your dreams and hopes of fucking weed
basil every time I was going to admit
the personnel within the party called
the cops and big Nick I said don't you
close on what you have heroin the shoot
up your fucking face what's the overall
message we can take from this oh well
it'll be a little bit just my bed out of
a party okay let's go to you're
defending these bitches cuz wired a fuck
up oh because back then dirty dumb was
it all work hard he was all let me get
my dick well care if I get a Stevie
oh you think when your YouTube career
dies you'll probably not be single
anymore hard to sex I'll probably be fat
by then they'd probably be fat by then
yeah you think it'd be fat two months
how would you like it if your daughter
sent bad nudes I'm just gonna get my
body she's gonna send back would you
adopt a boy or a girl do you really
think I'd put any child through that you
go to the adoption center they're like
oh no we are out of kids thank you you
come into the adoption center it's like
a locked out everyone is a high by the
wall you look into the rooms and you're
like I guess there's no one here but
then I come in I'm like I'll retweet you
and they go boom come help me film this
outro real quick oh dear I'm sick come
on choking oh dude I feel too crappy
this way Claire knows I like the
accession Alex makes you like subscribe
tweet me at David Ober guys this is
feeling a little bit sick right now so I
think we're going to do the outro with
sign language instead of talking so she
feels about it right I hate you cool
you can talk what'd you just say I mean
I'm sick
lyza just dropped her food in the car
and she's still eating hit the
five-second rule
