Alex hey Alex are you up hey Alex Jesus
dude what are you dreaming about some
other fuckers what the fuck you doing in
my dream David where Alex perfect this
is stupid this isn't gonna work
oh my god it worked this one says please
open on camera - what a weird request
that is the stupidest request how does
that help the letter nah maybe it's like
I guess it like holds holds a ladder ah
whenever David puts you in the vlogs
shirtless I rubbed my pussy - you owe my
dad that ones came in seeing me rub my
pussy to you and then my dad with does
day now what does the trophy sit down
david dobrik best thumb juggler no best
gum juggler
I've been seeing a lot of pepper
challenges on YouTube so I found this
guy in Craigslist he grows his own
peppers he has the Carolina Reaper which
is the world's hottest pepper and a
bunch of other peppers we're driving
like 30 minutes away just to meet the
sky to buy some underground pepper this
is something else problem you eat this
and you'll see what I'm talking about is
this legal why'd you make us mean the
CVS parking lot just so I know you're
not gonna be fake stuff can you sampler
right now I got a pickup like good
happens if you got your eyes after this
do not touch yourself if you touch that
cap touch yourself that juice you
masturbate after touching me
Scott I'm gonna keep recording even if
you have to go to the hospital okay
I don't even like eating home opinion
because they're not spicy enough right
so here Oh could you have milk oh so
what are you gonna do when it gets too
hot I don't think you get it I really
want to see sam and colby do it hey well
actually we gotta go
you're like throwing up already I don't
like the texture I think textures gonna
be the least of your worries one two
three go big bite attack they go yeah oh
my god
you guys know that gang we owe what does
it feel like oh I know it's so sweet
he's just like oh my god you want to
call Cha oh my god the fucking deck you
move eat another one yeah it's like a
double negative it's like doing math if
you just put another one in your mouth
you're good
you know craziest part about all this is
I paid Scott a thousand dollars to do
this Scott got Peyton I just did that
shit for free entertainment value we're
gonna have a word you can turn that blog
off we're gonna have a serious so Gabby
I have a volume like three months and
all of you guys would always comment
like why you thought we were logging and
one of my favorite was was someone
commented she's moving Gabby moved for a
boss on the ice where's uh where's Liza
franchising who I am I'm just in your
girlfriend's house do your parents don't
- don't so mom and dad brother and
sister
what does that even mean my family loves
each other you want to come help me
shoot the outro something no the outro
just a strap it's the video let's put on
my seatbelt
that's your is vlog thanks Roger Chloe
make sure you like it subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik so how the world's
hottest pepper here and I'm gonna have
Carlos try you ready we'll try it oh
yeah cows is a big tough guy so I'm
assuming this is gonna be no problem for
him right Carlos that's not the same
pepper it's about are so hot that's not
it I challenge video
you
Carlos did I feel your beard no don't
touch me Carlos wolf that sorry yeah it
doesn't cut stop looking
