let's get talking you guys we're gonna
go watch a scary movie so if you hear
any like loud screams or anything hi so
this is doc sitting on the porch right
Patti and I went up to the dog right
because it literally looked like it was
sick and it was dying and this lady
comes out and she literally goes he's
like that's my stray dog because that's
my stray dog astron like what is what do
you mean stray dog what does that mean
and she's like well he's not my dog I
don't take care of him but he's on my
leash and he's on my property and I'm
like what is that even me what's been
going on darling why haven't I been the
last one three three Vox spell I think
two or three yet who have even seen it
behind my back another dwarf stop number
all doors really show there's a small
bug world pun intended badger
hide silent he take my car outright and
I'm already nervous because this is what
a snapchat showing do you hit anything
what are you standing there
what is it nothing Keith why are you
know yeah but why are you standing right
then I figure we're just chilling let's
go hang on the other side of my car I
don't like here did you down my car I'm
gonna move if you literally didn't you
at you actually hit it I will pay for
whatever it is I swear
please I'll pay for it Kurt please
largest please don't be upset I'm sorry
I did that you're an idiot fell for it
previously on David's clothes if you
guys aren't like a normal watch of these
vlogs can't be explain to me why I come
here everyday I told David that he's
being a really bad friend and in hurry
guys I said he had to put me in every
vlog two months i-i'll see you later
Gaby you reckon again no why would I
come in walk what do you know we don't
do that anymore it's been two months I
don't care if you were joking Gaby we
made it official we signed a document we
are coming in and part of the vlog it's
a part of every blog comment but from
now on you're not a part of blog so you
don't
you ever say please go honestly better
be fucking joking don't scare me my
neighbors are getting really mad daddy
screaming okay it's okay bye then you
want me bring another fucking table
David no I don't mean to break down
another hook you do Alex Alex what why
do you do that
this is bitch I can't fucking do that
shit anymore why can't you people are
fucking sick of the table breaking
bullshit you watch Gabby we lost that
Korinna chick she went over to fucking
Brendan Taylor's channel she's doing
fucking makeup videos with them Abby
left right here oh this is when Kareena
left since Gabi left this entire thing
just plummeting I don't know what to say
man just get her back in okay what I
can't be doing the table breaking stuff
I can't just leave Oh Alice to Devas
shirt maybe I'm not working out as much
as I used to be working out David maybe
I'm losing the physique the physique
whatever the fuck the word it I have to
stop fucking drinking no hi David Wow in
a while yeah um do you have a kid now
what oh no this is just my fin doll I
get lonely sometimes
oh I've been talking to Alex we've been
crunching some numbers and we kind of
need you back in the blocks mother
fucker I fucking knew it I knew your
blog's would go to shit without me
alright so we've decided to renew your
contract for four months four months
four months okay let's do it
yeah huh yes sir welcome back Gabi huh
got your nose yeah you fucking cunt no I
got word god Damon that's a break from
this shit you know I'm tired of it Deb
you fucking know you
that's a red log thanks Roger Carly make
sure you like and subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else to add Liza
wait Gabby's back yeah Gabby's back ok
Gabby's back then Who am I I mean you're
still Heiser huh oh yeah I am
how'd you find out by checking your
shirt well I check to see if my boobs
were still there oh they're not so I
know I'm Liza
Oh
be really happy until you trust my hand
okay here high-five
