are you excited to have kids yeah what
kind of kids you want American American
people he wants American kids I want my
kid born with the fucking mullet and a
mustache he's got a confederate flag
tattoo already do you want a girl her
boy I want two boys what happens if you
get a girl I know how I treat women yeah
and you don't want somebody to do that
to my daughter
whatever isn't they don't like fishing
they can go live with their mom we can
look so here already planning on getting
a divorce what is this looks like a bag
of glitter it's not a bag of glitter
what is it looks like it is it smells
like a VHS okay VHS shut up are you
kidding me how could you possibly guess
that dude Oh David needs to be a good
dad love the vlogs let me see
building blocks for father involvement
Volume one how did you guess it was a
VHS wait now seriously did you know no
how the fuck yeah an x-ray vision David
yeah but come on you guessed a VHS these
don't even exist anymore but how do you
even play these anymore
open it open it over all right this one
I think it's gonna be like a fork or
something stupid watch this when did you
realize that I was your friend when you
passed me and followers and I learned
that I needed you do you think that
you're using me no how come because
you're my friend
yeah but you just said it's because I
passed you in followers yeah could I
Nate I need you now you need me to why
to get more followers so that's kind of
like using me isn't it
no no cuz we're friends I'm with Heath
Elton and Toddie
and we're going to college
last time I was at USC I put like a girl
in the blog and she contacted me right
away and she's like my dad's a lawyer
you need to delete the blog right away
and I have to take out a part of a blog
this is a true story so I'm really
scared of logging people here know guys
say sorority yeah you seem really scared
on three I just want everyone to scream
out how much money you owe for college
okay one two three go to the frat right
there pretend your daughter's in there
and you have to get her out
excuse me my daughter's in here have you
seen Cindi by any chance I do not know
who Cindy I'm sure this is a pike house
right this is not Pike Mike this next I
need you two to leave this roof we're
just looking for my daughter
George you two leave the auto yeah there
she are you Cindy oh he was looking for
a fake daughter you end up finding the
real shit turn her on she's like that hi
Marissa give us a breakdown where are we
okay this is a sorority house hope shoot
there sorority girls here so be care
force they're really easy to piss off do
not move salad bar where do they have a
really active salad bar it just runs
around the sorority house do not move
salad bar do you guys have a chef at
your sorority yes how do i how do I
apply for that position to be a chef I
don't know how to cook but I will learn
just to get closer to girls what's one
thing that you took away from this
experience I really want to become a
chef why so I can work a tough fucking
Road so you can film this boy I know
what's going on someone went outside and
put grass in a pot in my appointment and
it should be outside in larger
quantities no lies I'm just fake grass
it's just decoration its fee yeah can we
just go shoot the actual real quick
no it's just the eye Joe it's just a
oh you probably feel a lot better if you
just took out the trash go like that
oh that's a dog thanks watching mark
make sure you like it subscribe treating
he had david dobrik and heelside lies
blue
- what for target what do you want
