time for the daily cleaning out Dom's
tablets I miss Stephanie that's like
three years old what is that Jesus Tom
this is basically colored Hawaiian dumb
it's like three years old no this is
seasoning bro but it's seasoned that's
mold no it's not it's like fine wine you
know yes the time you know I can't alex
is home how the bowl of water is inside
the cage Dom feeding Bailey hey Bailey
you want some food what are you
auditioning for from ET number two the
one with the alien yeah I'm gonna play
the alien how does the audition go I
have to walk around like wobble around
like this like and look around wait
Elaine looks like Edie can you walk
through that door in det action Keith
and Zayn want to do gay porn cuz you get
really good rates when you're gay porn I
don't know maybe if like this thing goes
down the drain maybe like it's we're
internet people 300 grand you and Zane
porno he doesn't want to do porn would
say just because he was under a
friendship you wanted to do porn with
Zane for 300 grand no what if she needs
the money okay how how FAR's is gay porn
it's it's sex it's your sex oh no what
do you mean I'm just gonna be like
busted like kissing it who's getting
fucked in the end for 300 K 20 bucks
yeah the next couple seconds of this
video are pretty much gonna resemble a
teenage boy sleepover
there's a big hype about your peepee
like main sigh your pee-pee and he says
it's the most amazing thing ever so now
we all want to kind of see
we just want our reactions when you take
it out party always 100% that can be
modified go right through this thing
give me like no money what does it look
like
just toss okay come on just doing it
hands down the weird thing we're gonna
celebrate our one-year anniversary on
three come on on three yeah they're like
on one just on one just do it go do I
didn't know anacondas exist out here in
LA decided on a name down to three
choices
who is Octavius El Jefe and the Fuhrer
who's just called Junior Alton come show
Scott all right gum the ash is gonna
have to be in the car because I'm
dropping lies off so she can go to a
family reunion
fun fact when Liza groceries family
reunion she never texts me back why is
it that you never text me back my
boyfriend boy cousins your boy cousins
why is it that when you're hanging out
with your cousins you can't text me back
because I'm too busy making up making
crafts with them making passes tub
macaroni family necklaces can you leave
out the part where I was talking about
making out with my uncles you never
talked about making out with your
uncle's I didn't know
oh good yeah don't use that word that's
raised live thanks to us and amber miss
you like it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik like i said what are you gonna
tell your parents when they asked by
your boyfriend and he loves his job at
the zoo I don't work at the zoo
what boy he said boyfriend yeah I do I
love you
you
I'd say I'm gonna know that I actually
do love David and when the camera is off
I kiss him a lot and when the cameras on
I kiss him - they just edits it out and
everything was a joke I don't I don't
make out with my cousins
