this is a toast everybody in the vlogs
big name you should give us the toes
pass it over man alright her the fucking
bride
they keep looking myself in the hammock
jerking off master on that you look
really good houston we have a problem I
look like a fucking idiot need something
from here are we just hanging out really
no Utah Alex say you're not contagious
please do this to you but really what
are you spend that on some boy giving it
to my mom why who gave it to you oh
right my mom said I can do whatever I
want but I want to give it to my mom why
first she buys me clothes she gives me
for
she's my mom that was sweet fired on
what's the most important thing to you
my family really was that all bullshit
for the camera yeah my family and you're
a part of a family cuz that's why I love
you forgotten so sweet sorry I make fun
of you sometimes and I'm sorry out of
yellow you yes are you gonna make a joke
but you kept saying nice things it's
awesome that you opened up like this
dude okay Jonah guys I just came back to
the apartment there aren't sure who's I
don't condone any of this behavior very
no part time is coming up with something
it's a new equation this is crazy
there's something going on for six hours
I think it's really something incredible
oh my god
remember Jonah if anybody in your family
says hi
that means they 100% know your own truth
hi Jonah just spill your guts out are we
telling your parents about the shrooms
or not so if it's a no okay
that's enough Oh Jonah look it's your
sister don't worry I got your back dude
he's really clear no one's on shrooms in
here
you tell me why you were upset when
Jason hooked up with Curtis mom know you
guys do Trisha making baby blah I don't
what do you do for a living my real
boyfriend - yummy
are you saying that you haven't hooked
up with anyone in the past two weeks but
honestly if Jason proposed to you would
you be happy sure sure we're just
friends I don't think friends just come
in people's mouths I don't think you
just coming out of your mouth hey what
we do in our spare time doesn't concern
you subscribe tweet me at David Everage
we have a big announcement to make that
has city's take about you too
ever since a certain thing happened he's
got a life together
I love that problem scheduled for today
