Joe what are you doing it's a food you
want some cooking food yeah I love food
what do you got bacon baked is it fresh
yeah fresh as you could get what do you
mean which we baked Joe who wants to be
a good morning I'm with me okay come on
oh Jesus oh man what's this this one got
out Howard is it how would I we just got
the pig he's in the back over here
chilling it smells like pig in here dude
well no fucking shit is telling it's
gonna st. in shower before it went out
god I hate stupid fucking pigs man yo
dude chill what do you mean I'm talking
about Wilbur back yo you got to start
taking care of Scott Moore his rooms a
mess you can't live like that it's
literally a pigsty
oh you're being a lord about it okay
come here look at this goodness clothes
everywhere I don't even know what this
is what is this see this little you pick
in his room Marvin
right now we're go to the store we're
gonna buy 1,400 pounds of dry ice to see
if they can swim in it now I'm kidding
we're getting a new leash because the
other one was too big we don't know if
we want to eat it tonight or tomorrow
first time having a pig we ate our cats
so now we're getting a pig why we let
Wilbur be out there for a little bit cuz
Zane thinks that he's gonna stand up and
start doing human things yes
he's just gonna get up and just like oh
good for him it's not bad that's bad
Judah he is tearing up that dirt with
his mouth hey will be you hungry buddy I
got ya watch or three slices buddy
saying he's a pig oh you're right he's
gonna owe a lot more than that here you
go what is that I don't know you tell me
ah it's pulled pork are you ready for
what for my new pad what new pen Ben
what it's a pig yeah I know it's a
fucking what a sad home but what's at
home this is where he was gonna get
slaughtered the home he was gonna yeah
and no dude he hasn't eaten since he's
been here which is scary cuz he's
supposed to be eating like a pig you
know
been here either so let's fucking cut
the shit ha ha ha she has hogs that is
the cutest thing I've ever seen you
can't take him back there was another
one he was all black
why don't you want the black what do you
mean when I like the black one so there
was another one but he was all black I
wanted the pink one why'd you say it
like that though there's another one but
he was all black no I bought it oh haha
look no I can pay I know exactly was a
LT what I didn't know you were so good
with pigs dude have you seen his
girlfriends my bad yeah Alice has been
gone for a while right yeah so I got a
new friend ok
see black why was what people thinking
it's black today that's cool Emiliano
might be that's not a fucking pig yeah
you got a fucking pig head yeah oh
so I told Dom like Dom can you please
feed the bunny I come home look at this
there's the bunny in its cage there's
the food and the water is sitting
outside
what's the bunny supposed to do he
disciplined no no you know I didn't put
it in because he always spills it that's
why so you just didn't give it to him
yeah no I just I'm just like he can't
have water keep it keeps falling he has
to learn you coming balconies alice is
there a place for bunny come in the
balcony it's for you for me oh thank you
you wanna fucking bitch did you tell the
fucking Lisa Navas hey we have a giant
fucking cake that Sherlock there's such
a like that makes you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys we ended
up giving him back or at least to a new
loving family where they're not gonna
murder him or eat him or whatever they
do with pigs but I think the most
important oh he's ready who's ready good
the what the pigs up pizza pizza pizza
with cheese no pork just cheese and
bread and sawsan you go Punto
top
yo - oh my god he is look at it we think
he's happy he's drowning ha ha ha
