flush again having five big piece of
shit look at this you're the only one
that shits like that dude that's a
pillow way if that's a pillow then
what's on the bed oh dude oh not again
no no no no no what is it what is that
just to worry about how much chocolate
chocolate oh my god so that's chocolate
no no that's still shit david dobrik
second channel got more subscribers in a
fucking day than my husband two years
Yonex been in college for about one week
and he's already dropping out yeah
taking a gap year that's dropping out
that's what I told my parents I'm just
reading a gap here to see my options and
they're like two years later five years
later be like yeah I'm still testing out
my options once you take a gap you can't
go back or people gonna make fun of you
so let's ego gap you never go back
exactly let me say goodbye to your
hernia for one last time yeah it's right
here
why do they want to remove it just looks
like you're more AB please only use
Denny's or anything I'm like dude that's
that's really girl I thought I already
had to do something with like a pimple
in an ass or something you're like
where's your hernia shirt you're like oh
my god it's beautiful
it was just like I want a hernia that
time goes into surgery and instead of
using anesthesia the doctor just gives
them crack cocaine oh my I stay awake so
you do this hernias cure easy we can
feel it there and like if you like it
you can like you it even more well
actually his hernia is down here Oh
toddy take your shirt off like I'll just
like me just like anybody boom his body
looks better than Alex's just cuz he
pulled the shirt off like that I think
it's looking about how you take your
shirt off
oh my god dude your body looks better
than Alex's yes it's lutely off of my
shirt my sister's like fucking getting
so many people talking her at her high
school cuz they're all like Serena like
we wash your brother
Davis vlogs all the time we fucking love
it how did I know she's your sister she
a dork - baby knew it I don't know
whether just to fake laugh or - fuck you
shit you guys don't even have the same
name probably the truth how do they know
it's a header changer named a big sister
currently my mom's big mom now but Rob's
big dad and then Davis just pussy see
did you see the picture that Zane tags
you in yeah I thought it was really nice
and like oh that's robot originally my
fucking ass
thank you and mentioned you real guys
and I'll see a picture with me say why
didn't you like anything on the toilet
why did you like it like that's real
funny I tweeted the day before and Tijs
and you didn't even reach me or fuck man
okay hold up bitch this is fucking out
of here all y'all fake ass fuck fake
friends fuck out that join you ain't
coming back in here bitch shit goes in
here cuz they don't let fake-ass people
and that's what they call in with big
fake Thank You spark shut up bitch you
ain't coming back in here you not ask me
anything man if you're a little
overreacting to this whole overreacting
just cuz he didn't like being over to me
yeah I'll cut you bitch that's a razor
is my wife the best model of me there
you go you the get free you gotta run
there she gonna do baby that's fake for
a baby that's flavor water I'll brush my
teeth bitch yeah try me bitch you see
what happens yo this is literally all
about an Instagram picture no wait oh my
bad it's a whole lot of tweet oh can you
believe him on believe out ridiculous
let's be the same how you yup that's our
dog thanks magic karlie make sure you
like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik nyan sad wasn't
we do this every time dude we're always
on the beach couch she want to mix it up
yeah I want to mix it up go on that
couch
yeah do this feel so much better yeah
Oh
I hate you
