Zain stop stop sister stop what are you
doing dude I want the orange I'm trying
to move it to the other side so I can
move you're trying to get the orange I
the poop Saint stop dude what the hell
you're so dumb this is what they're for
dude use this you're an idiot
no Zayn I have an infection you want to
see it yeah oh my god is it on your pee
pee
of course it's a miss somehow please one
appropriate action we're happy with his
infection so basically he has an STD on
his leg now what do you have well Mike
why are you excited what disease is it
what are you here come on so what do you
have a disease you don't have an STD no
you know the doctor and have it what is
this it's nothing let's kiss me man
good it bet they give you like lollipop
you are the sofa mething 100% true
honest what do you have no I just have
like an infection in the tattoo some
cream to keep it from turning into mersa
what's mersa final ways yours infected -
I can't tell no his is way worse than
mine you guys should sneak into hospital
when they ask you if you work there just
be like look oh yeah you have any proof
sir do you have a badge please what'd
the doctor say when he saw he was like
how drunk were you and I was like I
actually wasn't
do any other tattoos yeah I have my porn
star diamond that's my favorite on
fucking sending what does that mean send
it however what does it mean send it you
never been like oh I don't know if I
should do it fucking send it do it cuz
we were planning on getting matching
tattoos yeah he's like I don't know what
to get and I was like I don't either
he's like whatever let's just send it
and I was like we're fucking getting
send it we have to guess what Zayn's
drawing what is that a dot Scott's penis
okay guess what this is I don't know
what is that Zing's penis you can hurt
his feelings or anything it's pretty
mine look all cute and I mean his look
Oh a little Spanish boy tell me how not
Spanish you're not a Spanish boy and I'm
gonna prove it to the people that watch
this vlog okay I appreciate that when
you go to the grocery store what do you
get right away
taquitos fuck damn perfect Oh what are
the colors of the American flag
Rojo as
what do you call a baby elephant
Jorge yeah your Spanish okay I really
didn't want to have to do this but I
feel like at this point I kind of have
two guys a lot of youtubers on here make
thousands of dollars a month by
literally doing nothing but doing Q&A
challenges and reacting the videos that
is absolutely insane it blows my mind
that you can make a career off doing
that this is why this is what I really
didn't want to do I'm starting a second
channel where I'm gonna be doing Q&A s
challenges and reacting their videos I
know what you're saying David aren't you
a hypocrite no I'm a businessman no but
seriously I always wanted to start a
second channel where I can goof around
on and be a little less formal than this
my first video goes up tomorrow and it
just means my friend I don't know who
yet but we're gonna be reacting to one
of my older vlogs so it'll be fun go
subscribe to right now it's linked in
the description
okay back to the normal vlog what is it
today what does it say it says dear
David I'll keep this short because well
you probably won't even read this oh my
god put that on that's for you dude it's
perfectly good I shooed it says haha
it's already used okay this is probably
swine flu litterbot
oh well it didn't really come out he
poured it out like an idiot wait if
that's a glitter bomb then what is this
it's like the rock I sent to glitter
bombs Scotty don't be stupid here I'll
open it that's right so big shots and
I'll make sure you like and subscribe
tweeting at david dobrik guys look at
all this P o box stuff it's so cute
they're so funny it's amazing to get
like get stuff from you guys especially
when you guys spend a lot of time on it
and literally all of your handwritten
notes are so so cute and so adorable and
meaningful to us is the best part about
all of it is that so we get to share
with our supplies now oh my god
me
I don't have anymore time for an extra
clip
