that's fun house come on you were
supposed to get the sound in there you
were supposed to hit the video of it oh
okay I did it
yeah why'd you kiss me stupid beep hi
this is story about how I ruined my best
friend's life this is Alex new out if
you guys don't know he was a big sports
player at school he played basketball
football baseball they look he looks
like an athletic guy right Michigan uh
no G for good great sports we were in
the seventh grade we were having a
pinecone fight out like in the backyard
area long story short I threw a pine
cone right at his eye it got infected
and soon he started to get like flu-like
symptoms so he had to go to the doctor I
was in the hospital for like a week and
a half cost us about 10 grand out of
pocket $10,000 for a pine cone shark the
doctor ended up telling him that he got
a staph infection and the staph
infection it ended up eating bone marrow
in his hip so not only does he now need
a hip replacement but he needs extra
bones and weird procedures just so he
can walk straight again they told me
like when they got the infection out I
would be like back to 100% in like six
months and how long has it been six
years fast forward a couple months he's
on crutches and he remained on crutches
for four years when they told him that
this would all be resolved in six months
mr. good college where'd he go Community
College no it's the Community College
he's getting good grades what was your
grades last semester C's C which is good
because that C stand for can't get any
better that's right I feel really bad
for doing that for Alex so right now
right here in front of everyone
I wanted to give them a quick shout out
make sure you guys go follow him on
Twitter consume Addison I'm cured okay
this is my favorite part about this
entire thing Zane put these weights here
so the watermelon isn't fall over
none of the weights are touching the
watermelon you hear that David oh my god
all right thanks for watching and that's
how you make a rubber band ball this is
a tutorial on how to make a rubber band
ball look at Wednesday near Carly or
anyone from a vlogs dies I'm gonna make
sure to use their death has a really
good click page I do
Scottie dies someone's soul comes too
much Scottie I'm vlogging from his
funeral papers like why did you put so
much of Scottie oh I'm at Zane's funeral
with Liza and we're almost kissing in
front of his casket for a better click
but we're so conceited that at your
funeral were like guys we're gonna do
we're gonna kiss I grow up to your
parents like a tenure your dad mhm
man I feel really bad about yourself so
our friend Natalie over there is
babysitting think she doesn't know that
Ilya has this car so we're gonna have
him Park it over there and we're gonna
bet him that he can't go and steal his
own car you get in that car over there
and the keys are and then you drive it I
told you $2,000 Natalie you're gonna get
in on this can we please come in please
come please come
so as lies a nice nine-month anniversary
so I was at the store buying flowers and
some cards and I ran to a really cute
girl in the grocery store isn't she
adorable we ran into each other inside
the store while we were both buying
last-minute anniversary gifts I was
buying these flowers and she pulls up
right behind me as I'm checking him out
so the cashier she's like hold on can I
replace these these are ugly you picked
out dying flowers he was like what you
don't like brown and all's like brown is
big
I thought I was like vintage that's
always a big stretch and Matt makes you
like subscribe tweet me at David Daubert
guys Liza and I just saw Peter and nine
Buffett
yeah we did you know what that means I
was gonna sing me a song yeah no mines
with David and the 9-month I might which
are what
it's been the best time of my life oh hi
he wanted me to mess it up and say the
worst time and then autocorrect myself
in real life I just couldn't I can't lie
for the best time of my life
