I know I was making like I knew I was
gonna eventually like say some words but
like make invited me to his birthday the
other day yeah he didn't even respond I
was trying to respond I just didn't know
how to say no all respect since it's
your birthday do you get like a free
surgery from the hospital brah I have
sir Lord's points number words boys like
every surgery I get you actually ten
thousand miles and I catch him in to get
a really fucking gizzard you have any
cool Hospital stories at one time right
there is nurse she had a theft looking
at okay I'm not I'm awesome told you my
house is haunted
yeah Todd that was me in the closet Oh
give me a best impression of Scott
there's soup on my hands I have to get
it all now give me a best version same
possession of Alex fuck you David fuck
you David
Besson look and swear I best impression
of big Meg oh fuck that pussy so good I
might take so much bigger than my legs
this is a new tattoo Curtis alright
first let's start off with this it's
Cremona which is already dumb as it okay
and then it goes Dante which is mumble
things which is this booth everything
and then it goes to jail cheer feed you
originally wanted to say you wanted to
say Jim Jim and then he just wrote B and
then he got so confused that he wrote a
question mark to you know you're getting
a bad tattoo with a tattoo artist puts
an extra question mark I was ok Corinna
to get a tattoo on her arm like a big
tattoo that says David Plus Liza is
getting a tattoo of someone like on your
bodies of stupidest thing but putting it
on someone else's that's funny
let's do some roleplay cuz I've never
been to hospital so I want to know what
it's like I'm gonna be the nurse and I'm
gonna come up to you and you should talk
to me about all your problems
okay mr. Nick come in um we just got
your test results back and they are
looking very dandy very large like Danny
what my face and your tits I feel so bad
for you you're the one that's sick here
you're sick I'm not getting dick down by
a real man oh yeah good but what if a
girl brings you back hold and the bed
notice is that you're a bad boy what are
you gonna do then I'm gonna do my bad
boys shit dude
what's that makalah dad yeah me like yo
dude I really need this your daughter
has a really nice ass kind of work major
he's gonna be like yeah she does what'd
your mom say about Karina I'm glad she's
like really nice oh wow really sweet
beautiful I'm like mommy's out Thomas
you want me to get you ready I'm Lilly
opening my first p.o box yeah I told
people to send me drives and stuff and
you guys sent me all these drawings
except this guy apparently he can't draw
look guys this is for you too because it
says it
we love Alex David Liza and everybody
else I wonder who this person likes more
little brown girl and David so what is
that damas and brushed his teeth and
fucking months what is it I don't think
I'm like an Xbox IMAX Box pull it up
dude pull it out just a bunch of nice
that's Ray's vlog thanks for watching
Caroline make sure you like and
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
we know how much you love the water
bottle flipping stuff so we're gonna do
some more water bottles and stuff
Wow
no it's literally a flowers but they're
a bunch of cocks on what yeah when we
see is this to it
Oh Peter bunch of penis flowers
