I'll do a prayer that you'll be doing
yeah please cleanse me of all my sins
just do it do it do you do that every
time now I mean you don't understand the
amaz I come out here and be like come
out and you're not hearing I just feel
crazy there's a couple times right a
mountain was like oh and I was like hi
bye see Liza what you're actually from
Cuba no way you're from Cuba
eula the dictator of Cuba's your boy
Fidel Castro slowly but eight don't tell
nobody
how'd you meet him oh haha I'm having a
meet the great if you don't come I'm
shutting off all your water fights here
dude don't do anything I wouldn't do
what do you mean like don't get laid and
don't get stopped Alex I'm gonna break
the stupid fuck Alex dude you're so
overdramatic man for dramatic David you
watch the overdramatic I'll show you
overdramatic no come on drew what are
you doing don't do anything stupid
Alex what is it dude what is this place
shut up David what is this shut the fuck
up are we
Oh what are the shovels for drop the
fuck up hi what's going on dude you're
scaring me what is that Alex Scott
what's done is that although I just
dropped a fire you want to see
overdramatic we are screwed how do we
even fucking get through here dude we're
screwed the wrong fucking way you're
right I should have filed the street
signs we're in the middle nowhere with
the beautiful sunset and worship house
for running out of gas
we're on he does that mean extra fucking
start here in the fucking desert asshole
it's fucking recording me fucking time I
have no service we just called fucking
with your dad and Liza I want to tell
lies I want to let her know that I love
her we die why would I waste one of my
calls on triple-a what am I gonna say
triple-a I'm gonna die I love you too
high summer smash your fucking camera if
you don't fucking stop it's getting dark
fuck all we did call 911 why are you so
angry why are you so anxious fucking
hilarious dude dude it's not fucking
funny how's it not funny driving down
the fucking road doing this bullshit oh
it's fucking drip we're fucking 12 years
old we just got a fucking car
fuck you David okay can he turn his
sirens on so we can like flashing with
something if we see him you won't turn
his sirens on would you have to pay
extra for siren to turn off it's been 40
minute since we call the police now I
think alex is back I told you to stop
fucking driving go on the wrong fuckin
way oh definitely gonna sink in we
fuckin sunkens
I think there's worse things than us not
being able to move right now none of my
snapchat stories are posting we're gonna
make donald's under this how many
fucking 20 fucking nuggets
I mean fucking to make chicken this
ain't no goddamn ad fuck you McDonald's
you're fucking disgusting but I'm ready
for you hahaha
hey I'm David oh yes yes yes I like
thanks watching Jacob make sure you like
it subscribe tweet me at David Oh Burt
guys Liza's a trick for us which is
going to show us now let's see it oh it
didn't plan ha ha ha oh my god it did
land
don't make my dog
