ah do I totally messed up my friend and
also you need a rim job
hi can you come back now yeah
so you're getting kicked out of your
house because I put dry ice in the pool
yeah what are your thoughts we were
fucking asshole like it was dogs yeah
it's done your parents say anything when
they found out they have to move out of
here they said that's hilarious
yeah like literally my mom posted on
Facebook she posted the eviction letter
like know what she was like I'm sorry I
remember this is hilarious and all
they're like you know all the parents
yeah by commenting on it oh my God he's
to find a new place like so dad but but
it looked really cool here's a shot of
Nick using his legs for the last time
what do you mean the fucking last time
I'm literally going to get a check-up
Yeah right
you know where to go do you even have to
stop at the information desk this is
like your second home dude this is my
fucking first home yeah I kind of feel
bad about like all the things that are
wrong with you yeah yeah no like
actually prove it
ah wow you really do feel bad yeah guys
you're the front so I can vlog too oh
fuck no dude fuck you Alex
I'm honestly so much more grateful for
going on doctors apartment with big Nick
just if you saw my mood drop when I
walked in and when he first started
talking about all your problems I was
sad I've never been sad for you I've
never felt like that yo guys were sad so
give this video like I can literally be
shot right now be like hey dude I'm good
yeah but big Nick though back with our
favorite orphan hey give me that good
orphans joke that somebody said to me
why was the orphan bad at baseball why I
was like oh they're like they don't know
we're homing hahaha I told you to change
and you wear a sweater it's all I'm
wearing my fuck I don't give a fucking
shit I give up that look
I was expendable you had before I
thought he was gonna change his pants
and shoot
I'll just go shirtless ha nerdy I don't
give up fucking shit Alex and oh my god
you're not just for the fucking movie on
movie day there's me fucking popcorn all
up on me anyway
st. you make me feel really I would like
a super you look like a Persian designer
beep on my new prank show no it's a new
place a new prank show trust worry about
the human pranks are you think you're
getting taste it's really go go go oh my
god we don't taste someone I didn't get
to do that yeah I'll touch right next to
it let me tell you something every time
i vlog Todd like I've walked had a lot
but it never goes in because he says
something stupid that he does only the
bed pad will just be talking about don't
put that in I regret that no this might
ruin my values connected to the bedroom
and I like a better privacy you sure the
door be quiet please there is no door
just a hallway Todd maybe if you
wouldn't be so wrong don't see it what
door the hallway joy is haughty the new
Corona same Gus is tidy the new Coretta
we all fairies are fixed rushing Bella
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
David Oberg
guys I'm what's in a million subscribers
what do you guess it a million
subscribers he and I are gonna do
something special yeah something we have
been waiting for yeah yeah we in
celebration are going to use our lips
and we're gonna
you
imagine just laying out looking through
the window I'm just seeing everything
