that guy sucks who I'm right fuckin here
Eliza Zayn Scottie Alan and all of them
got an email from their lambs over three
hours after I posted that last vlog and
this is it okay go read it it was
brought to my attention that 1400 pounds
of dry ice were dumped into the pool
today that means that our landlord has
David's notifications okay this is
normally grounds for eviction but myself
and the company will allow you release
the full Philip Stern we have a month
left straight and everyone has a month
they have a month left to live here
because of this dry-ice video this is my
favorite part
sorry for the bad news and best of luck
in your search for a new home yes your
move out everyone wants to buy this
house this is where DVDs enjoy a nice
salad the funny part is your pool
literally looks completely normal like
our pools fine we could swim in it right
now like there's nothing ruin the pool
guys coming next week once he cleans it
it's gonna be clean
that's it splash around here yeah and
boom my hands are fine it's literally
normal water mr. landlord everything's
all fine pools all clean
well guys come in next week it's gonna
be just fine I'll go you just being a
little bit dramatic
all right so Zane Scotty you're
downstairs so we're gonna pretend to
throw our bunny down the balcony and
instead there's gonna be a bunch of
cotton balls clump together we're gonna
throw you Bailey Zane like legit like
seriously please catch him hi here we go
ketchup ketchup it's he okay what's up
what's on your phone no thank you
come in line and if you buy all of our
stuff well let you take a picture even
to a three second video with you what's
your name what is it Llosa and Rose
angeles los angeles north rosa oh so
this is the condom that I found on next
dresser okay so the reason why I keep
this yeah this is my school backpack I'm
thinking to myself like I have hot-ass
teachers if I'm ever just gonna bang one
of the teachers in the classroom
I have to stay strapped ha ha ha you can
find your college sweetheart in college
dude you think so yeah
you know you just gotta tell her that
you have a
badass no that's not it do you care
about personality at all course dude
spark your ass it's part of your
personality how because do your person
yeah and you have a ass okay people have
asses that's your personality I wanna be
with something I can be proud of David
hey you see my girl over there yeah she
has a fat ass yeah but when you have a
baby you got a fast dog hey God you wish
you get hit that ass dog you fuck you
wish dog Nick if you talk up like that
about your wife I'm gonna be really
worried I'm gonna tell my kids yeah okay
I'm gonna yo was good son you see your
mother over there
she got a fat ass and he's gonna be like
hell yeah she does about his own mom yes
my baby's gonna have such a fat ass they
even my kids are gonna be wanted to have
that oh my god Alex look bombs and
neo-nazi Ali made you lose you're my I
got a little crazy roots in that now oh
my god no he looks like actually Han oh
my god it does complete the beef salsa
that series ox accepted Carly makes you
like it subscribe to EBIT fado break
anything else that they think we're
joking dude they think it's all a big
joke yeah yeah
you guys we told you this earlier I
don't think you guys caught on to it I
don't think you believed us but it's
getting kind of serious at this point
and all the outros are shot in the
mirror
Oh
you
okay I think I think DOM is super high
so Alex dressed up as a ghost and we're
gonna scare Alex you ready Wow who's
that it's literally Alex osho's a
mattress ha ha ha what was your favorite
subject in school
obviously not PE you're right banished
Spanish no is that the hot teacher
