you should probably go over there babe
the room with the people here and how do
you manage to look dumber than you know
the only way you can come a few where's
what I bought what's your news
resolution make sure I'm not here for
2019 2018 what are your new year's
resolutions looking like it's funding
for my businesses awesome what do you
want to leave behind in 2017 all the
people I owe money to the country you
know what this watch looks like what it
looks like one of those watches you win
during the crane game okay you're
Jonah's frat house things that we don't
know about Jonah a lot of experience
with women as you told me before so I
feel like things that I really like
about him is he's really charitable like
he lives at home with his family
compliment I've ever heard of Pyla I saw
Nick eating out of the garbage the other
day we saw environmental agree
What's Up daddy listen bud I gotta tell
you something what's up never easy to
say by all the kids in the neighborhood
they fucking hate you
what the fuck really why why why do they
hate on I don't know its personality is
knowing is good no you know now it's a
four-time Super Bowl winning quarterback
for the olive cream
Burton talk to all your hoes joke's on
you can't see my toes belly's so big can
you show us where you sleep you don't
want people to see why you got a girl's
room
spider-man bed what do you spend why
it's like you're like high school bully
into your house no I'm going to
Charlie's room to make this look like
your room Wow nice room Wyatt what you
don't have a bathroom in your room now
we know where the favorite child is
under your bed and he's gonna stalk you
at night the good news is your dad told
the guy in your closet to move out so I
don't think you're fucking Laurie we
should like to subscribe to eat me at
David Ober chicky do you have any New
Year's resolutions
can you put that chair back
bro you mother fucker
