look how weird Liza is filming a video
by yourself what are you doing
practicing for what you're a mini
Olympics they already started are you
coming
swing me is talking about alex ernst I
really think that I'm funny and I know
for a fact Alex fucks his bunny I was
thinking about earlier
think about thing about the benefits of
being a dwarf right yeah so zero no how
often do you change your shirt size
never good pant size never boom dude
that's it that's what I'm saying when do
I get made fun of by David over fyodor
come on
always I'm not making fun of you for
being a dwarf I'm showing you the
benefits so you're not sad the other
year 20 people died on a roller coaster
which you wouldn't be able to get on
dude that's a really good way Dane has a
story about one time he was watching
porn okay one time guys I was watching
porn god I'm talking to like a bunch of
little all right
I was watching porn and I think puffed
up immediately just like it looked like
it looked like an actual thing from
Apple am I gonna it looked like an apple
notification like from the FBI saying
you've been watching child pornography
once you tell me I was watching very
rough hardcore porn and I started
freaking out I literally left my
bathroom with my pants still down
running to his room like what do I do
like I was out to get arrested he's like
he takes my cars like dude what the fuck
is this I'm like I don't know I just
kept on shutting off my phone and as
soon as I turned it on the apple cider
to come up and then the notification
would pop up you're arrested by the idea
and prior to that you didn't watch child
park like 3-4 weeks like - no I do not
watch Tom Moore all the story guys what
does it say all the stories that watch
porn on your computer not on your phone
just don't watch out boys yo Scott big
Knicks out there dude why aren't you
hanging out with him Oh what is it just
small Alex I thought you were good with
stealing guns from people you mean I am
greatest feeling go to scary
ah do it Alex Alex you wanna shout you
whenever I break in the vlogs you're
gonna buy a new one oh I think Jamie is
a new couch potato
okay Ben you're too drunk Alex you're
too much of a now he'll know what the
fuck Nick we're gonna try to break you
come here you like cause a fucking red
fucking please see he's breathing yeah
he must be new here you want to make
some good click bet what click me what
are you doing I'm fucking bleeding
oh ok yeah are you driving me drive you
somewhere
no I'm talking no chill no dude I'm
driving just I'm driving go for it dude
Jong you're driving you need ok no he
needs to drive off no fuck - fucking go
fucking again David Alex move the car so
they can drive dude stop chill seriously
don't line drive what the fuck you guys
are terrible friend you're gonna fucking
let him die listen when Zane drinks a
lot Wednesday drinks a lot he needs to
drive no this is stupidest fucking shit
they've ever heard are you ready to
drive yeah I'm ready put your seatbelt
on ok put your seatbelt on what dude
it just makes him feel better no is he
actually drop yes or no yes it'll sober
him up put the funny wrong with you
people
he's dead Astro you people Liza I'm
ready to the outro outro that was really
quick hey jet how'd you open the door Oh
spider-man let's do the outro have you
ever done the outside before jet Jesus
don't you get all the way over there
he's like thanks Roger melody make sure
you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
dad yet
you
thinking what are you doing mate I think
he's actually trying to boil you fuck yo
relax
