my first legal jigger for sale I'm gonna
enjoy in the water has there been any
outreach since you started vine from the
door community outreach yeah are people
like reaching out to you oh yeah for
sure
no I mean like I'm actually very
well-respected in the door for me would
you be down to live in a door for me
baby fuck no why not cuz I would be live
with a bunch of fucking doors
haha I so I'm touched having a Maserati
right now listen out loud it is really
loud I'm gonna see if I can pick up some
chicks using how loud this car is while
lies is sitting in the car hey baby
what's your name you walk oh Jesus okay
I guess I can't pick up girls while I
sneak up Alex and I are doing a snapchat
Q&A there we go Alex come on Alex stop
stop David take the camera out of my
eyes dude people just don't wear diapers
yeah but dude I just and have fun like
for you have fun with me stop doing this
in the blog David it's a rumor I don't
like that rumor okay take it out I'll go
out okay dog hey hey how about this how
about this I know you're a good-looking
kid
everyone knows you're good looking at it
you probably have Calvin Klein's on look
Calvin what are those diapers Johnny
first why were you wearing tight oh no
oh my god did you seriously leave why
would I did you leave why would I used
to stay inside why I was running to cope
with the trash out I just tell you have
the keys go go in that hallway and go
stand there or something
for what cuz I have to
you know he's gonna be pissed you're
some stupid baby but why are you so
stupid
literally so dumb let's just call him
we'll get your we'll get your phone from
your place and we call our you look
silly doubt you look silly
Hey you were almost so single no one
lies that job Liza you're so friendly
here is gonna help us translate we've
been staying here so there's been taking
care of us and I just feel like we've
been making a huge mess and we've been
really annoying so I just wanted to can
you ask her if we're being annoying or
if we've been bad I was gasps sure mr.
samaras the Delphic condo bang bang boom
z music Ian oh no you know how our sauna
- too short God do by near more I will
be serious Wichita Claude you bought a
ship Galactica Raquel oh god okay close
to the half have a minute out due to my
solo specific amount of customers in
value will die but then what's oil
assault you say nothing's become Helga
oh boy this elegant what are you doing
here well I thought I would come visit
you in the South United States of
America why don't we go outside we could
we can go tomorrow but right now the
Zika virus is out there it's really
dangerous Zika virus
yeah it's spread through mosquitoes it's
really dangerous yeah mosquitoes oh that
is so sad I know all of the mosquitoes
are getting sick
no it's not it's not for the mosquitoes
it's a doily why don't we let them in
come on no it's bad when the infection
No
how are you enjoying your stay in South
America so far well you guys made me
little save why everywhere I look I see
Berber what perfect but what's here and
there but everywhere they don't love
clothes
oh you mean be mean poverty food would
be uh oh my god that's where is the hug
thanks watch it can bill I'll make sure
you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik that's hell
again I got over the Olympic Games and
watch some sports sports sports
you mean like bad thing no looks like if
I sports I have you play play yeah oh
the piano yeah okay they've been looking
I go to Olympics with you under one
condition
okay what's the condition you yeah let
me put my alpaca in the hundred meter
day
you
Brazilians drink so much that they have
a little place for your drink when you
go pee
