what does that say
helga and david i'm gonna give you this
talk because i feel like your parents
aren't here to give it to you okay first
year college dude there's gonna be drugs
no what you have to look out for though
are bullies that's right you have a
fucking blog in the amount part
how old are you young two younger drink
right but if you're in college and
people tempt you it with alcohol and
drugs what do you do yeah well not drugs
not drugs by alcohol you drink you get
fucked up because why what would happen
if you denied it I would look like a
huge bitch in front of the girls I'm
trying to fuck and you want to look
blame in front of your frat brothers I'm
not gonna be a fucking friend
why because braum to love Jesus dude
there's Jesus frats there's a little
Catholic frat
no fucking way are you excited god we
trust' drink the fucking beer bitch oh
no no you're gonna get a lot of homework
right and it's gonna get a whole work no
homework I don't know what that means
listen you're gonna get homework right
but then your frat brother your Jesus
frat brother comes in all of it and he
comes in he's like hey drink this wine
and what do you do you have to finish
your homework oh Jesus I haven't drank a
lot yeah but you have to get homework
done no cuz you got the cross for us bro
did a Homer die on the progress where
Jesus on the cross where's the homework
not on the cross close remember the one
thing I taught you Nick homework always
comes last
drugs and alcohol come first and sex
comes but I never never done we got a P
o box if you're gonna send we just say
it's like herbal medication herbal
medication where'd you do with it what's
a weed yeah
smoke what do you think what do you mean
smoke it I thought we'd was teeth all I
want from the PIO box
I just want drawings and like art to
fill up our walls right cuz Alex punched
a hole in the wall the other bags you
yeah
whatever you I did not okay everyone
gets to ask for one thing for people
from the PIO box damn what do you want
to please you put your thumbs running
out of toothpaste I guess that's
disgusting
sounds like toilet paper
oh yeah a some soap okay yeah toilet
okay the peel box is in a shopping
grocery oh ok i shall also send me the
paper towels i just use it as a total
know why i want paper that big game of
towels no clogging for her fucking
toilet it's happened before
that's how Alex knows Dom wants rent
money for last month
if you're over the head I haven't been
high flood good two hours you know be
good right now maybe to cut back cuz the
last time you smoked us two hours ago
eaten or peel Bob's that'd be great it
was just an easier way for them to catch
you yeah one tracking device that come
here I can break down the door they take
away barely fucking my is the guy
invited to Brazil and my dad told me
that would be a good idea to go with her
so I can see like the rest of the world
and how it's in poverty and how other
people live and we just got to our place
and poverty does not look that ha ha ha
this is the door where you let the Zika
virus in I'm right there that's Machu
Picchu guys what does Machu Picchu is
that really much you read you know it's
just not Rushmore it's that hand
sanitizer put your hand up like that you
want to show our view on our room yeah
follow me to mine this is where Eliza
sleeps yes
guess where I sleep take your shoes and
you're like a job haha one over here to
my poor bathroom
poor bathroom yes on it's
voice-activated
yes and just flush the silent toilet
that's Harry's lockpicks ah check in
make sure you like to subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik and he also add liza
liza
baby yeah become you look at me look at
me put the camera ok yeah what's up
under Statue of Liberty
you
I and that's how that's like what yeah
what is it for six pounds in Brazil no
those are pounds
