loose advice no it's not a bus I really
looks exactly like a bus no it's not a
bus they're saying it's not a bus it's
not a bus there's no way it's not a bus
not on us okay so all week I've been
telling Alex I'm gonna get rid of the
bunny because we just can't take care of
it anymore and he kind of thinks I'm
joking but today invited my friend Dre
who alex has never seen before and he's
gonna pretend he saw a Craigslist ad for
a free bunny and he's gonna come pick it
up and take it away and we're gonna see
how Alex reacts is it cool if I have
this on I just do like internet stuff Oh
YouTube guys yeah it's actually both of
our bunnies so here let me show you
I shouldn't act for job no I put that
for our Craigslist my roommate I just
want to get rid of it yes so that's why
we're like $20 so cute leave right now
okay I know but yeah I know but I've
been talking for a while about this it's
up dude dude listen it's fine no why no
why no why no what's the problem and
then a part of this is fake so I'm just
gonna leave but if you really do get rid
of money dude I'm not ours come on let's
talk about this do we really need the
money so do we need it you don't fucking
took care of it I know I know I know
what age thing else ready I did do I
what made you fucking think those are
good I didn't fucking talk to me any
fucking attention everybody
fuck you come back this fucking
recording yeah yeah
he really like Bailey that's why I
thought
be a good prank but it actually turned
out to be really disgusting I could just
killed his mother
messing with Alex's pet is probably the
worst prank you could possibly pull yeah
family use camo AF right now dude I
can't see him at all and yeah well
I'mI'm 240 hot fucking man I think next
week spring should be a little like mini
coat it's made out of fur and I just
draw eyes it's made out of Bailey next
week's prank you meet up my mom and your
dad so there's a lot of rollercoasters
you can't ride yeah the roller coasters
are good right in many ways because of
my leg problem you have neck problems
yeah
what's your neck problem I don't a call
a problem David
why tell you about the solutions what's
the solution to your neck problem this
is actually interesting because a lot of
people don't get to experience this you
had a make-a-wish walk me through that
process okay so basically like you or
like yo-ho-ho meal with a vacation real
quick in there like I got you do you
have to send them pictures of like your
broken body no you don't have an illness
so I have to send a picture of a penis
yeah they're like damn that's too big
here's a vacation yep neither really
cool though yeah put this part of the
love shout out to make a wish to change
my life how did they surprise you by
saying your wish was granted they give
you like an envelope really and you open
it was like getting accepted to college
yeah I would never know about that
though you can't make another one is
there an organization called make
another wish ah a is in the shower about
throw ice Adam so everyone be quiet what
do you mean everyone be quiet they can't
warns vain they can trust me Zayn watch
out he's got a nice bucket he'll get you
whoa what thank you outs you fucking
asshole that's raised lockpicks watch at
Kelly makes you like subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik
lies and I have a big announcement to
make we're going to Rio no stop making
the pregnant jokes when are you gonna be
pregnant and people are gonna believe
you because you keep making these jokes
David if I wasn't actually pregnant then
explain this this is a battery pack and
it says you have 1 out of 4 battery
remaining and it should say 4 out of 4
we're gonna change the last tight so I
do you know what that means it's it's
probably broken because of peed on it
your wife at
where's your PR because I'm pregnant
you
yeah you want to be a fuck you guys hear
something hilarious just anything take
your time make it laughing if you get in
a car accident and I'll definitely put
it in I have to buzz unless not
I'll just put us in snapchat
