watercolours so in June they just all be
blue guy who does wrong sound effects
for what he's holding
doosh doosh doosh doosh doosh doosh Oh
someone home I couldn't fucking tell her
who doesn't even know how to use a gun
why then why don't you teach him about
why this then why don't you tell me all
you guys everyone call it pretty low ha
ha ha stop don't touch Nick's hair like
that do it good my hair I'll fuck you up
like you can't hit a girl he's not a
girl
what is she not like a meal or feel good
even she's had sex so many times like
she doesn't have organs anyway oh my god
Colonel would you day Nick why is
because he's small good Oh cuz he's a
dwarf so the brother so fucked up gave
it my brains bigger than yours cuz you
dropped out of college I'm going to
college about this if we didn't get
enough common saying you don't want
current in the logs anymore
it's a wrap ahaha I just can't have her
sit on my couch since you guys are
really mean to each other right you guys
have to say three nice things about each
other correcto three nice things about
Nick hey smile good two more good good
current I know Nick say three nice
things about Corona I don't have
anything either look at his big shoes
you know what that means Alex yeah big
socks no no this means he's a big penis
he's bigger shoes in you Alex did I have
bigger shoes in you than me yeah yeah
well it's not always true oh you know
that's actually a dwarf bunny right no
way yeah no chill really that's his like
species name is like a dwarf that was it
yeah it was good woah he's probably
scared of other doors I know he's got
doorphobia feet or phobia keep going
don't we all previously on David's vlog
why do you want to kill the bomb I do I
want to kill the bunny
shitting everywhere David because you
know what I mean Alex I don't know what
that means I'm sorry that it's a bunny
though that's what animals do this you
see what I'm doing
wash your hands yeah I have to wash my
hands every second because I'm the only
one that fucking cleans up after the
motherfucker I'm picking up little
pieces of shit do you want to return the
box what's going on what's going on you
share copies I want that fucking thing
Dom what are you doing given that funny
exactly what deserves what do you mean
what he deserves what is that dude hit
the bunny
no what he apologize David okay I really
hate doing this because I feel like it's
the most boring thing on the planet but
I just want to say thank you for letting
me vlog for the past year and most
importantly thank you for letting me put
a smile on all your faces it means so
much to me when I can go in the mailbox
in the morning and open it and see a big
cheque from YouTube a big a big fan
package from you guys saying you guys
love my videos and you're happy now I
love it I love making me money making
you money
I love making you happy Alex I did a
little throwback to the first ever
clickbait on my channel so I here it is
we're gonna cook him up a little bit
when I throw them in the microwave we're
gonna get them all warm we get way it's
got to be the perfect time now put them
in a little bit like this and I'm gonna
close this a little bit no look at me
perfect that's the perfect thumbnail
bacterias block-based rotten Alex makes
you like to drive tweet me at David Oh
break it all sad Liza yeah I can't do
this anymore
we're failing this is this is fake okay
I don't know how to say how did I change
we've been lying to a lot of you um the
last couple outros they've all been in
the mirror or just girls cuz my stop
I know
ah
you
can I point you guys each in the stomach
just to see like how much soft I'm just
into it for how much what do you mean
I'm gonna starts I know that flax flax
voxbox yeah your fucks now in the dick
