on walking fun like pussy yo guys come
on a fight
now I kind of yeah and I kinda want to
fight yeah fucking bite me you go yeah
Fuzzy's gonna add to problem today
what's gonna be okay dude can you see
this huge spider outside my window who's
fighting look okay okay three days it's
huge
farther prison yeah what why is that
what is okay but where's the spider yeah
you're just like sleep no not to sleep
we're trying something new honey no
we're not yeah yeah no we're not yet oh
this is a hard bed I know I did that on
purpose
we're gonna hard night what is it it's a
free party ready actual party not
handcuffed me I'm coming from a wash Oh
early I know we usually do this late in
the decks of the night but I need you to
do something no oh okay no hey wow who's
gonna help you there in over there did
you sing you you like me you're like I
don't do you still love me do you
who's a nice little sweater that your
nipple oh haha okay alright okay see
it's just this is for your birthday okay
but it's so so far I saw you just like
in the Bible and I'm like god dammit
what if I came in now I just like
started taking off my clothes I'm like
yeah that's really what I was like we're
about to see a wicked horny he's gonna
have a wicked heart right hahaha
it's pin the apple juice because you
can't drink at your birthday
and I'm pregnant and that's a weenie I'm
back man
what'd you do to my poster hey I just I
mean Jesus when they asked him to be
fake making a movie and Brenda just give
his permission to push her in the pool
anytime tonight and Liza I have boobs
and I specified yeah she's a girl so
like she she's telling the truth I just
do it I'm just really glad cretinous in
these vlogs because I used to be the
most made fun of the most torture but
I'm safe now guys guys it's Carina's
birthday party
Karina will always find ie to get a
fucking song wet at a party oh that's it
he's like thanks tragic sad makes you
like to describe tweet me at David Oh
Bert and he off that Liza um wanted to
wish David a happy birthday on camera
because he's a great boyfriend and
inspiration is such a sweet guy
dude look knife or not I would have said
all of that because you're a great guy
who is absolutely perfect and that is
why I like
you
come on
