oh dude out that's just crazy yeah I'll
play it yeah previously on David's part
any of that Alex no no new Alex I think
I'll send ya Jesus Alex fuck you want to
order the house new Alex judas fucking
annoying what is he going to do nous
allons whatever the fuck that was new
Allen's that word
I don't know but bad things in your
bathroom are you fucking serious dude
jesus fucking he's sure losing my
fucking bathroom dick this is fucking
done Alice dude god damn it I'm the only
one that's fucking shirtless around here
he looks good
he'll thanks okay just go let's go get
out Jesus Alex yo what's up Alex Gooden
I hope you still have beef with him how
you doing new Alex stop stop yo stop
stop Alex Alex oh dude what the hell you
okay dude you okay dude that was the
most beautiful goddamn thing I've ever
seen in my entire fucking life
hey I thought you said you were talking
to Alex anymore oh yeah
whoa take a look at fuck I don't know
yeah hi I came into the store the other
day and got one of your tables yeah um
yeah there is a there's an issue with it
um I hope you guys don't have issues
with your tables a lot because mine
yeah it doesn't fucking work yo can I
bring part as a stable Nick you couldn't
break up shake yo what up fuck dude
fuck you get our feeling you make money
in your shitty POW look it's up what's
wrong with him
it smells like fucking shit down smokes
Halloween here denoise because you never
pick a fucking place to eat because you
just want to go get Mexican food cuz
your son a little Hispanic boy fucking
his dedication ah okay
dirty Don held a broken table over my
fucking face and that I got like a
splinter of my eye and I have to go home
for that
what no you're going home to your bitch
I know it's gonna sound weird but new
alex has this like weird sleeping
disorder thing and he sleepwalks into
stupid stuff in his sleep and he
literally tried to shave in his sleep he
got shaving cream oh my bad Elia what
are you gonna use he use literally all
your shaving cream what are you gonna
use to shave someone's here to do come
on hey I know you want to take a shower
you wanna take a shower Dino okay go go
go go
like thanks for watching Kim makes you
like and subscribe
3v at David Ober guys surprise Liza I
have a big surprise for everybody by the
time one of these instead of doing the
outro on the beige couch inside we're
doing the outro on the beige couch
outside this took us 45 minutes yeah did
a whole 40 oh look
Oh
Oh
you
get in the elevator I'm gonna fuck
everybody in shut up what shut up dad
where's your couch in here lies are not
accountant here you know what I'm saying
Oh
