yeah well there's only one thing to do
I'm gonna piss on what you say I just
want someone to make out with you don't
know
what okay this entire year I've
surprised my friends with a bunch of
scary animals so today we decided to do
something really fun and surprise him
with a baby kangaroo that's right yeah I
found it in the parking lot
I'm gonna be Brian's channeling
description below he's gonna be vlogging
this to surprise you do ya I'm gonna put
you in the new year's but it's a baby
kangaroo no no those are cocoa puffs
he's right by you oh my god hey it's not
a pill take your blindfold off brother
what is it baby okay kangaroo closed or
it's just you and the guy in there open
your eyes yeah I start lactating myself
hunting Lin that makes you like to
subscribe tweet we had david dobrik
anything else to add Alex Alex
keep you guys is gonna kill you get out
of the hole oh my god Peter realizes
Scott off
