reward lost dog what kind of a reward is
a lost dog ha you ready sure just saw
you ready why are you recording first it
is it's about to be epic alright so
David's in the apartment right now and
uh I'll be surprised if it what's the
outfit for oh I just thought it would
make it a little bit more emotional good
luck dude Thanks
while
you're nervous hello
that's the friend
just from
Oh
this is a possum murder you got the
whole outfit and everything how do I
know it's you though like it can't be
you you were supposed to come from it is
you oh yeah man whoa whoa branching part
huh
tree tree branch yeah Alex maybe on Tom
the truth Alex Alex
Tom the truth Karen hey come on yeah hey
I'm in the military I don't like that
you have a camera in my face right now
okay but listen I don't think you're in
the military you're not showing your
credentials Hey credentials in
credentials that's just an American flag
have you encountered any like random
people with that outfit on yeah once
people say thank you for your service
yeah no idea what fuck it I'm done
pretending to be an army guy okay we're
gonna take this off okay good luck on
record cuz I'm gonna be shirtless sky
you in the bathroom yeah what are you
doing
can't a common hell it's for a thumbnail
okay okay okay
it's called party buddy hey I know it's
close Jaffe what Jaffe shopping yeah bro
no shopping it's not my hometown friend
is here so I'm gonna do a quick
interview with him what's your here
right
his name's Ilya how many friends did I
have in high school what huh one one
really big group of friends right no no
no have you my Liza yet are you excited
we're so excited you know why well I'm
gonna ask her I asked how I can tell
like this but I'm her boyfriend
shouldn't you tell me run it by me first
you don't think you should run it by me
because I'm her boyfriend first yeah
well cause like you'll tell her you know
yeah but I'm her boyfriend
yes so don't
that's not what that means Nick what
would you do if current I was your
daughter I didn't want to think about
you by god hi oh she's so stressful I
had to be like hey tonight no fucking
you guys won't make a thumbnail I got a
good one what I found his lab with my
booty hanging out the back and he has
his hands on my god come on that'd be
really good no I would get herpes now
when you fuckin gonorrhea gonorrhea is
way less worse than herpes yeah Carina
would know Nick wants to go get Mexican
food because he's Mexican and he has to
advertise oh shut up Nick you're not
proud to be Spanish no I'm just not
prying all I have to do the fucking
wipers I can't tell my ha ha ha ha
Nick yeah how do you say tacos in
Spanish uh how do you say horn Spanish
Lydia
that's a dog thanks watching Hillary it
makes you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik let me off bad liza what I
said do you have anything else to add
the music's too loud the music's too
loud - dick - phones off I said you have
anything else to add what is this well I
have ear plugs in your ear plugs in my I
told you the music was too
does your mom know that you're home did
you surprise your mom yet
oh no I sent her a text I have made it
what
