why is a letter printer paper little
bread the paper Liza
let her print paper oh just let our
print the paper I just want everyone a
little letter printer paper letter
printer paper okay just let her resume
Nick it's so hot
turn that air conditioning on brother
air conditioning is on you're just fat
so you sweat a lot alright now I gotta
go cuz this fucking idiot came over to
my place he's ever gonna go for every
one day bro it's like this is where she
says where oh come on dude yeah but it's
a PG bar where are you I'm at this
parkour place like for parkour and if
you guys don't know parkour is I'm gonna
show you what are you most nervous about
I'm most nervous about yeah talking to
girls no I'm not here okay
step aside step aside hey go whoa whoa
what's wrong think I tore my ACL dude
your ACLs down there oh then I think I
just tore my FA T you're fat
what are you doing what what's on your
nose dude they give you free cocaine
when you come here that's the gig is get
you amped up so you want to do crazy
stunts never would know do this for your
hand so you have a better grip why would
you waste cocaine for better grip done
number one drug dealer in LA meet the
number one drug abuser in hell hey how
was the meeting my drug dealer roommate
dude I was living in there for not even
fucking 10 minutes and I'm fucking late
I'm basically a vlogger what's your
style vlogging um you know it's usually
shot lower as like a first-person yeah
do you ever touch the camera does it
just keep recording
you want any fruits and stuff not do
that I got everything
what about filling breakfast and stuff
you know breakfast lunch dinner good
what what does this mean
that means we're good does it work with
other alcoholics yeah did if you see
another one or you think you see one
just let's try it
these guys I could tell these guys drink
ready watch this yo yo yo hey my friends
are coming to visit can they can they
come over to your place you me what you
askin if they can come to my place yeah
well I guess your place now I was
wondering about your friends over and
like you all the place and now you pay
the bills you can't pay to build this
money nah you ain't a business man this
mine what my easy
what's mom what's mom what my easy how
it's July yeah what's 7 times 7 49
what's the capital of the United States
I don't even know that actually there is
no capital of the United States what oh
man yeah keep doing what you're doing
kids Liza Liza you know the capital
right come here whisper to the cameras
for it to the camera what's the capital
of the United States I'm gonna tape it
in Washington DC I guess it is called
the capital but what is DC stand for
Wyoming that's right that's right dude I
literally thought these shells let you
hang stuff upside down but the box is
upside down
what dude who cares van McDonnell Corona
stupid why wish you guys could feel this
exactly nice cool yeah yeah I graduated
guys 4.0 would you blow for her teacher
see I told you four of them what point
Oh Ultra Clean washable markers well if
they're ultra clean then why have to
wash them again in my room that's a very
big swatch and Alex make sure you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
and he ought to add Liza
you say baby you have something to add
to my wallet from your bank account you
need to pay for this month's rent
try to bring your friends from buh buh
buh B we capitalize the stuff
Eliza no mo it's the landlord and the
Lord says you need to pay me for this
