according hey I drink coke on a warm
summer's day I'll see you later bye-bye
let's yeah
Cody you aren't you want me to hook you
up with Karina he's gonna put in as long
don't say anything dude I think I
already have that covered you do she's
easy right I don't do Scott so guys
don't know me I'm not in the vlogs very
much but I'm here they introduce
yourself because a lot of people don't
know you because you're not in the vlog
that much is a good point I literally
just repeat everything you say listen
listen listen David listen do oh my god
I think I should myself oh my god what
they call you in high school is your
nickname super sleigh super slut wasn't
yeah what they call you in high school I
see you made that up right no no it's
good oh I'm bad oh Jesus today I'm it
did you don't get scared let me try it
again
go I threw out all your weed Wisie can
you come out why oh why is it can't be
that bad oh you want to go to the bars
boy huh ooh I got two bars you got your
ID do we get in
he's 65 million years old what do you
mean we can't get in as long as he's got
a fucking ID 65 million years old I hope
that fuckers got a knocking why did you
dress out like this it's a special
animal planet oh no way yeah
it's just about how animals are
mistreated on Hollywood Boulevard how
are you being serious I'm sorry I've
been drinking so I don't know if you're
seriously Mel we're kidding was messing
around again boo-boo Tyrannosaurus ticks
Wow how you been bringing it down to run
a source takes killing your fame
bringing it down like no one else give
me your best impression of Alex there
you go
Jeannette fucking camera you fucking
pussy scout what you doing Scott what's
so dumb I've made for everything else
house what just happened Nick was on his
phone the entire trying to take a
picture of us for cuddling first of all
I was only on with you little bit ten
years old oh shut up just stop talking
you've lost being productive the guy
sitting behind us entire time and he
stinks Shh phone Nick's taking flash
pictures flash pictures in the movie
theater I am a photographer that needs
to discover an event and then he comes
out what does he say I wasn't here for
this reason most people you know I
usually don't use their phone move years
I'm like yeah for a parent from us
really we have to tell this guy that it
was miss first I watching movies you're
gonna fess how bad this guy won in the
beginning it says don't be on your phone
I was like yeah
phone in that part there's one thing we
can learn from this experience it's not
good David
fuck you you realize you turned your
flash on in a movie theater do you
realize it
well you bet there is I think sriracha
Juliette makes you like this guy TV eyes
david dobrik the all sad liza I make
another bad fun no you're gonna think
we're running out of ideas
I know your house a little Limpy you a
little drunk
