what is this broccoli you like you like
your greens huh yeah I like like green
let's just Rock Lee dude hi this is
donut place where if you look like
you're here for the first time you get a
free to get free donut so then they're
gonna try to look like we're here for
the first time
holy cow those look like doughnuts I've
never had before
is this where you make the donuts yeah
that's oh wow yeah sample sir oh that's
awesome
Wow thank you very good first donut guys
that was the best first owner I've ever
done we'll come back tomorrow friends
look at that shirt says big things are
coming look who's coming to my pot yeah
nice ironic shirt name I'm a bust in and
I'm gonna pretend to be a robber right
and you have to do everything you can to
try to stop me yo give me your water
bottle man I'm thirsty my friends out
there I know but listen Malik I just had
a bad day like I just found David over
vlog like it seriously my bad dude yeah
another water yeah who are you voting
for if you're old enough to vote and
smart enough to know what a ballot is
who would you vote for that is fuck you
oh they're going to college you fuck
you're gonna couch film school it's not
even real dude is realer than dropping
out of college ha ha ha I mean Alex
respect you know what do you mean oh
yeah who brought you 24 pack of water
today Jesus gave birth to you bro so you
could bring that to me bro Nick I'm
efficient free they were stereotyped
ever I have never been to airport to be
on airplane before then how'd you get
into the country
Oh oops empty box oops
Oh USPS Oh like UPS yes what you have
something else to say
hell yeah what do you wanna do do know
there are so many things to do in big
secret what you got look look look there
is better than watching and and that is
crocodile hunting issues and check it
out bunky no that's a horse it's a horse
what did you call me no the thing on a
picture is ours no this is donkey we do
this in my country all the time
show you America you all have so many
doctors in your country nurse are easily
available in my country I was pregnant I
was having baby yeah I rolled on back of
alpaca for a long time to find doctor
guess but alright didn't find doctor I
died look at this it's amazing it's a
phone in there goes oh it's a drinking
well for the girls
no no just a fun Helga oh you look
dashing I'm dashing through the snow
knowing like - oh that's Santa's not
like the British sir yes no oh today
Dave Dave ACMA Clara wants that for Dave
no David David David
guys Liza and I are in New York I'm
terrible I transitions but here we have
her we're here Liza me good video good
movie
we've gone who do you think they're
hiding from the second of the 66th or by
Kibaki what how dude sane
take a picture take a picture any yeah
dude let me see it check it out oh god
this chickens billboard looks exactly
like Liza oh my god
okay I'm pretending to take a picture of
Liza but if I'm gonna zoom in on this
guy oh my god that is terrifying that's
such a cliche like what what are they
even digging for I don't see that any
other city that's Harry's vlog fix
rotten Michelle make sure you like and
subscribe
tweet me I favorite dobrik you know bad
Liza yeah had footie New Yorkers fun
being a toe is a tortoise toes shared an
airport the time I had was bombed okay
Airport plan be careful with it oh you
want to be quiet okay I'll be quiet in
five four three
go get a buddy
