the hydraulics of the Prius I bought
this new costume clear dahm dahm premier
premier career buddy you want to come in
my house you want to check the fridge
see you buy a movie in the frame do you
like that eat it no no stop out you want
the milk you can treat you with your
tiny hands done what is it what is it
boy guys look we can all look stupid
like Heath anybody else I have a vine
everyone make your guesses for how much
this cost go 401 401 364 23 for 23 ah
335 336 OD 5 to 75 Wow he said you're
stupid in your mom stupid you have to
guess how much is all worth we all may
get it he's doing his job snap that's
why he's really keen through 18 what
Steve your jobs on the line you're on a
new show called we fire you if you're
wrong yeah she told oh oh
hey you bet I didn't say extra
protection oh it's just it's for its for
soldier babies for babies and armies no
no no it's for babies that poop more
well they are pooping more cuz they are
in the army that's terrifying I get to
park huh - Park wait you don't Tupac
Bupa singer yeah yes he is hiding in my
village Oh which one is the gold Milkha
no no these are all made by cows make my
cows yeah your cows know how to milk
goats yeah bill go Pierre go please go
do it dude yes BM go do it well root
beer yes I looked for beer you get you
see what I see I get it but it's kind of
stupid you know I try to make bun like
my costume yeah I was but it was bad it
was bad I guess I have a lot of work to
Mountain you mean a lot of work to do
yes the mountain yeah there's a game
called Pokemon go and there's like this
map and you physically have to walk
around to catch pokemon and i'm gonna go
to the lake to catch a bubble search and
Nick's thinking about taking an uber to
go to the lake to catch an imaginary
little Pokemon hey hey what not fucking
imaginary dude what are you gonna do
when you catch the Pokemon oh yes you
can't why not cuz not even real okay
let's go okay good let's go bro if we
can catch listen we're gonna go to the
fucking lady caches one Pokemon I've
been dreaming about catching if we catch
it I will call myself a stupid fucking
dwarf on camera we're about to get label
we get a Pokemon that's not how shot
okay and it's just like a good pok√©mon
we're catching we possibly get the
Bulbasaur yeah could get the book get
the bubbles we need a boat the bubbles
are you fucking idiots I'm sorry I don't
ah to pronounce your fictional
characters wait who's who's playing the
Pokemon game what you guys drove to put
in jail yeah why is that stupid No how'd
you guys get here oh we took the bus Oh
in the caches Pokemon but we've been
here for thirty minutes so we're dipping
out fucking ball the sword okay we're
leaving now
Ceres lock thanks watching Emily makes
you like a subscribe privyet david
dobrik in the off the head liza whoa
what dude what there's a Bulbasaur right
outside
door are you kidding yeah nothing that
stupid game okay good yeah as if there's
a lake outside of my door something a
lake yeah
Bulbasaur is our water pokemon please
don't go everyone is leaving your
feelings
trying to beat
you
fight that banana no oh yeah
