the people locker don't want people to
see you walking alone and just assume
you have no friends first walk free with
code people walking just tell me what
happened last night apparently guys got
super waste this week what I farted is
that what it was
need to go to closer to me and I smelled
out yeah I wanted to push me in the pool
all day yes yeah all night
Jane is your phone on you is your phone
I knew she wanted to push me and I might
guess my phone's on me I don't want to
be pushed in the pool and what does she
do pushes you in look around the pool
when that phone in my pocket I yelled at
Gabby intensely do you fucking caught
fucking
get your show server to buy me a new
phone he was literally emphasis he was
like you're a fucking con tu con oh my
god he said I was the akhmad I bought
the aussolas that was a wait that's
racist the chip was offense his middle
name oh sorry
everything out she's like raises my head
wanna put in the vodka it wasn't just me
- Gabby it was me - everybody was trying
to calm saying down you're like the Oh
chill chill chill just relax like it's
just a prank chotto chotto it was like
st. Gabi's like really sorry and Dave
asleep okay we'll fuck you con he can
die on our first flight together we're
going to San Jose
um I'm super tell ya your pump yeah then
you just roll the window down open oh
this is an airplane many of you guys
know I'm only 19 years old and he to
China convinced me to go out with him
and drink alcohol we don't have to drink
what am I gonna do for my drinking
steady on just like sit there and take a
couple shots or something
here cop-out if I'm well fuck that's
drinking its toughening out at the
19-yard that's just tough hanging out
the bitch what do you do if you're
homeless you talk about do this fucking
awesome you just fucking sleep wherever
you want you know you don't even have a
bedtime you're gonna have a bed you
can't even have a bedtime if you don't
bed oh my god I won isn't a little
twisted though like that some people
don't have a place to sleep and we're
sleeping in a nice hotel tonight doesn't
it suck that you have a bed time pretty
high grass all right break it down give
me an explanation
mister girls found a hotel that we're
staying here for one night of your own
freakin you're up to it and feeling saw
your carpet designs and you had outdoor
designs and some we looked up like
winter every Hotel in San Jose but yeah
oh oh oh you don't don't blame it on her
you probably found the carpet patent
first you're like oh this is the wedding
I applaud that to the fullest like that
is insane my parents aren't home come
over send me your address
nah how about this now this work
like this game I forget am I supposed to
turn no don't turn this way huh
and this is why you guys leave alone
you're gonna have to move back home with
my mom stab you can vanishing me in
front of my friend know each other boy
am i dreamin
you're embarrassing me in front of
privilege I'm not privileged because I'm
white dude Oh white only six point four
pad Nick came with a sticker that's what
are you guys gonna kiss in the vlog we
can do right now you want to record us
yeah for our first kiss yep yeah all
right here we go Nick oh they're gonna
do it Oh got it
yeah yeah we haven't talked about why we
can't make fun of Carina because you
guys make fun of already degrading to
women yeah but he makes money is
degraded doors the doors doors doors
we're doing Doris oh sorry mr. Duquette
all right let's go stupid do this so
offensive to who Carina
Oh feels co-best varies a lot thanks for
watching and remission like a subscribe
creamy at david dobrik anyhow sad Liza
anything else to add Nick yeah what if
you don't know how to do your fucking
time stables you don't belong in fifth
grade
with the good girl
Oh
what's wrong to outro we have to do this
all over again every single time and I
hate it
