ah owned all of mad no I'll fucking back
out what like two really sorry right now
so in the last vlog Alex smashed the
table with the chair right and then Dom
came home and this was his reaction
bottle opener check it out you want a
beer
sick huh what the fuck you guys do to
the table what do you mean it sorry what
do you mean a sorry he doesn't fucking
get it dude I obviously wasn't happy so
he made a so get a new table and that
we're shutting it Huck tables done stood
what up Tom
thanks Howard dumb how you feel about
this brand-new table and I don't have a
place to eat now you don't place it you
can fill it you can still eat on the old
one wait what are you doing dude you're
making a mess hold on hex now God for
sure doesn't know the first thing he
make just made fun of Corinna and he
goes Tom and the vlog wasn't even on a
couple vlogs ago when you were in it and
you were like about to jump off the
balcony or whatever people commented no
no they said that we were too mean deal
so I was wondering if you like clear up
our name nice guys I know they're like
never for sure all right cool
yeah thanks thank you thanks for enough
Nick do you feel like you're made fun of
a lot
I wouldn't address this cuz I don't want
to keep making fun of people you want to
fucking address you know you're gonna do
you try to dress it so you can make fun
people you boss but you're okay with
that obviously like you got a lot of
stars
yes I can make fun of you I guess it was
like I'm sucking sternness challenge I
mean I wouldn't like it is my okay you
know what's really crazy is like he'll
make you come over or he'll come over
there he'll get like a good 5 minutes 6
minutes of footage and then you're
fucking in the right
do you watch the bogging here's like
damn I hung out with that kid for three
hours and I got no subscribers
Alex incur in a mass on bumble read it
read I said oh hi he goes come over your
ha dot dot dot and then he says hope you
didn't believe that you fucking idiot
why are you so mean you just go yet why
you mean I'm tired of being mean to meet
it and now you're gonna be a jerk to me
fuck out why are you gonna be a jerk I'm
keeping your friend to that's on my
friend bye-bye
no no bye daddy ever since Liza's turned
20 years old she keeps telling people
that she's still 19 what do you tell big
boy when you see him
I ask me how old I am and I say I used
to be 19 used to be 19 yeah does that
work
yeah they don't say anything afterwards
I know you're 19 that's awesome yeah it
used to be
Alex baby Liza showing us where the
bananas are yeah bananas Alex they she
did a good job you'll get this we're
deliver that's my kid dude don't talk to
my child like that it's okay okay
you weren't kidding you were a jerk no I
was kidding you're called our weirdo oh
yeah rag yeah
for what the middle one um yeah I guess
what would you get it for ya be nice I'm
not sure if it would go with the cover
is yeah okay alex is leaving for a long
time to Minnesota so you have anything
that can remember you by like a song my
best friend
huh is back home in Minnesota that's
raised Locke thanks for watching Ashley
make sure you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys out to the flight to
catch I don't want him to be late he's
going to Minnesota for a week and a half
so I'm just gonna think about it now
Alex see you later dude John I don't
leave till tonight let's just leave no
get out of here don't leave you get out
of here out David I'm not leaving you
we see
you
you did it dude now you can stop
pretending to be a stupid dog
