Shh why my baby sleeping your baby yeah
people in the South be like do you know
it's here as an orphan no I don't know
how many people go oh my god you guys
dude stupid through this pool girl
really really well I know people from my
hometown sent the video to me and
they're like watch this I was like why
stop what if you're real parents I and
they were like wait we want her back she
seems great give me a quick update on
your life parents so don't have them
lyza there's one space left on aisle
three
let's find it we can do it we can find
it we can park there for our country for
our nation for all countries for America
for United States for the u.s. the USA
the whole same thing there's two now
nevermind this is my caveman friend from
Mesopotamia what she's her name is Kayla
watch cave woman - oh she understands
niggers very well
why is it over here come here look it's
a mirror look a look at their look in
there what no no no it's you Liza don't
you already lied how to do that I can't
seem to finalize it everywhere it's been
about our lives are these two girls DM
me on Twitter saying that they watch the
vlogs that are in the area and they know
where we live because apparently
everyone knows where we live
but we're gonna let them up alex is
gonna pretend to be sleeping and they're
gonna wake him up by being too loud and
then I was gonna come and be extremely
angry and we're gonna see if we can
scare out thanks you're so nice David
you're vlogging yeah Wow honestly
yes holy cow Oh their friends go say hi
we have to make every night with Alex's
sleeping I just drive alex is like a
normal kid like he's fun but when he has
to sleep that's what like all hell
breaks loose
you will italics great you guys are
gonna get to witness our first kiss and
it's gonna be on camera and you guys are
here for it how things good happens it's
ready so far you have to fucking shut
this fucking thing down dude I swear to
fucking god yo dude come on I don't give
a fuck dude I don't give a fuck that
there's people actually I'm sorry I
can't you guys see my boobies are you
kidding me I'm sorry you see my cool
people you broke character in ten
seconds what if an acting agent is
watching this right now please going
back why this I can't be in a movie
can't be anything longer than 10 seconds
you know fuck Jimmy fucking longer than
10 seconds go fuck yourself that's what
I'll fucking say I gave Alex permission
to break anything in the house
he chose the table after the bit was
over which is a stupid thing I
understand the table thing was
absolutely unnecessary yeah you said
whatever I break you're gonna buy a new
one huh and we really need a new Cassidy
that's every block thanks for watching
Ashley and Jessica make sure you like
and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik and the outside
guys why's a nigga potter did you make a
pun yeah look she can't do it in person
guys
oh you like that one
Alex
like I
you
you
Alex I told you no matter how cool they
look you keep going you break the table
table I know I was really interested in
whatever Alex come on
