6969 reminds me of yet father yeah why
well you well your father and I we used
to we used to shop at Target
Alex Nick's looking for food quick Alex
how can Nick be the thumbnail the other
shirt
yeah but not everyone has a good body
like you so they can't just take off
their shirt it's all this an illusion
like I ripped my shirt off and people
just think I have a good body we could
rip off your shirt you'd have a pretty
good body too right whoa holy cow Nick
Alex it work yeah yeah so you're like
one of the only ones with this necklace
yeah only only like it's only one of ten
people have one time so it's you and
then like 13 other people yeah you got a
good rest are brave again let the Lord
Jesus will you let the demons be rid of
your body I want to go home it's okay
buddy
I painted here yeah but I go one of us
I'm not gonna say who but one of us use
the word retarded and apparently that's
super offensive yeah very doesn't and I
can't put in the block doesn't need to
set it and I feel like the way we used
it now is like super jokingly but like
if you seriously mean it like you know I
call you say stupid like that's funny
because it's a joke but if I went hey
stupid that's me
that was really mean yeah but like hey
stupid that was like that's how I
feelings it you were talking to me yeah
I just want to get to the bottom of this
why can't I say the word retard
offensive okay well I think our offense
did another sit down and talk the B
words offensive the effort of the fence
or any work would you would you the
n-word in your vlog no that's offensive
anybody want to show you something watch
cool huh
no no be careful boy ready
ooh cool hi it's a life yeah Scott
you're taking a while we're just gonna
wait in the car okay no we're waiting
for you to get out of the bathroom what
is all this talk about you wanting to
get fake ID there's gonna be fun you
know but like I don't I don't want one
that says I'm 21 I want one that says
I'm like two months away from being 29
why I just feel like it'd be so fun to
try to like convince two dude to like
let me go in like just arguing back and
forth like come on man like I'm almost
there please quick PSA guys Heath is
going on a road trip with Alton they're
gonna be filming a bunch of stuff and
short story short short story short
short short story and to make even
shorter a short story but I'm gonna make
it even shorter he found I going on
crazy road trip they're hitting things
on their bucket list is all gonna be
recorded but they need your money
because Heath is bound to get a couple
duis down the road and that costs a lot
of money there's gonna be Kickstarter
link in the description if you guys can
donate money to heat and Alton and
sponsor this road trip you could really
really appreciated he'll quit smoking if
there's enough money donated right Oh
God I don't really big bathroom what all
right cut it cut it so Jose
why is it you want to go there I don't
know you don't know why I don't know I
don't know either
lyza hasn't even gotten her stuff out of
the car but she went into the dumpster
room so she can fart it wasn't me the
trash wise is making me sloppy joes and
all day she's been talking about her
explosive diarrhea so either she's being
a really cool girlfriend or just
recycling yeah that's a race walk thanks
for watching Sam if you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
add liza liza liza what are you doing
dude
haha
you
you
the HOS wrong with it
go back
