can I see how fast you can write no come
on I'll time you
Wow 2021 that's for next year oh happy
birthday Tom thanks dude what are you
gonna do now that you're 20 I'm gonna
drink a lot of alcohol no Tom that's
next year fuck
they got Alex tonight waiting in this
room so I kinda just been playing I've
been playing fetch with them come here
come here boy come here good it's not
like it's not that we're bored it's that
this is the best thing you can do right
now
come here boy no come here
no over here I hate dogs Alex bring the
bringing the Paul over here no one knows
how to play fetch anymore give me the
ball gimme it get let go let go let go
what is it what are you whispering luck
tell me what is it I think I think that
you're Willie um nice pinks and don't
you what yeah you like me you you that's
incredible
this is the most nature she can get on
Hollywood Boulevard alex is gonna give
away food this isn't for views
Alex don't drop it like a bomb get more
views if I drop it off like like a pop
yeah hurry get out of the house alex is
getting angry is she just told a little
white lie she says to do a snapchat
exact I found what she really was it
Lola Giga yeah Alex come on dude oh my
game is boom boom hope that means point
in Spanish I'll fucking Punto my fucking
house let's go it's ok put away the gun
Zac Effron of all people zac efron out
faster you decide a bullshit about don't
make me fucking come back in here
you live here Alex if you getting fancy
faster ah Dan you're off the truck space
thing
oh my god haha does it taste good
knowing he messed up what's your dad
gonna say about this be happy good but a
little he wouldn't let me have : yeah he
said I couldn't have a comb cuz they
might spill it in the car
well you proved him rock didn't ya look
an hour everyone's gonna see all the
apples you stole from Zane's tree
why's it being in the car pretend to be
you go the sound you make when it comes
out go do good to go 7 was goddamn
volleyballs david Turner don't bounce
that near him he's gonna he's in
destroyed Curtis seriously stop all
eyeball stab her and I'll leave the
volleyball on this is all of all really
doing Barry yeah throw that shit I threw
it with my left hand that's why it looks
so weak Dom do something with it yeah
when you put some weight inside of this
club
like a minute thank God no we don't have
to look at it's a night cap and a gown
Alex like urine on to the balcony this
is great oh boy she's gonna drop Jack
you pussy
will let you in only if you jump later
you gotta show your boobs together
oh that's very psych thanks ratchet
Claire but you like to drive privyet
david dobrik Ennio sad liza mango nada
que le d√©fi alright life has been on
this whole Spanish thing recently where
she just doesn't want to speak English I
was saying please move aside
oh I don't know if you seen the sheriff
on me yeah Cisco no sheriff amia que
necesita endo Cerato no sassy Somoza
Rafa me Tessa picado Tegra no gringos
you
