okay you ready I hope it's like you've
got a lot smarter have a lot more words
you can say now this is the fucking
neighbors roll down the window is it
Christmas sometimes it's good to have
snow so I can ride my couch
c'mon you old away nyan new year has
started make you fucking faggot a
motherfucking subway oh fuck okay what's
your fuckin hands you got cheeto dust I
love it fuck you that's fucking one of
them right there batboy do let me see
your hair you literally have cheated us
try to fucking wash it we're boys why
have you been hiding Trisha from us for
so long I fucking begged you to shoe
with her for fucking six months I said
it all the time get rid of Corinna and
use Trisha what do you want more than
anything in life all right got it why
you bullshitting cuz he's won say like
the cutest things in world oh yeah so
much peace in the world my house you're
gonna sleep over
go outside I'm sleep over david says
it'll be hilarious go to your chicken
wings like with your lives a cuddle it's
like babe we're so fucking rich
I couldn't abuse for a Lambo today we're
rich enough to buy a country Angie makes
you like a subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik max what are your new year's
resolutions I'm gonna be a better son
I'm gonna cut down on my alcoholism and
only have one glass of wine and I had
bets amazed
that's the first piece of mercy Iver
started with is big discontinuity
fucking look that one can be linked in
the description below go by I have two
more days left minutes
