but you guys what you guys one take a
picture of Alex yeah Alex Alex and I are
shooting a movie right now with Brandon
Calvillo and Jason - are we playing or
I'm playing some tutors big teenagers to
do strike teenagers is super fictional
and
I think it's on us yeah I think that
yeah air support yeah I was a filming a
movie exhausted what was the most tiring
part about filming that movie out are
talking talking yeah why so soon
how long do you do this for until my
mood is lifted that's entirely up to you
Oh anything's better up to me question
do you have do you go and that helps you
with your anger management what you'll
fuck yourself David I probably would
refer one we found good way to do this
right Oh
turn within the bar what we party yeah
nah why because I'm a bro I'll give you
20 bucks
actually don't put that in there he
gives you 20 bucks
split really if I can put it in 20 bucks
you can work let's do it I can put it in
yeah oh yeah oh you yeah you know the
news and David domes only popular clique
big news yeah I'll be out here shown in
Los Angeles and we'll the day long trial
fuckin scandalous that kind of made up
for you farting really the party was
invariably that it yeah give you 20
bucks I use behind the entire
why's that during this target sure
pretend like you from a different
country and this is your first time
experiencing target but where am i good
look 30% off shoes 30% on how do you pay
for such things
what do you mean want me to give you a
third of God video tired of my god
is this made from my god a sick girl
cool my country with she saw such an
Casillas she's strata pop good she's
hurting for to ankle she's showing too
much ankle it was Kim let me look what
you're wearing
ah I mean the America it tried to be
American God and what is this latte on
oh it's just lotion makes your skin
smoother Mexican smooth oh yeah in
bottle yeah I'm on natural when my
country will use milk from uncircumcised
bear really bear what is this there are
lots of small people in America no no
that's just a kid shirt it's her kids Oh
kiss yeah that is cry see we don't dress
children in my country they run around
naked naked
Matt cub until age 18 how they look you
guys have bike pumps where you're from
what is bike boom it puts air in the
bike you put air bike yeah no this is
her churning butter butter this is like
your Mexican butter in my cup this is
much easier than in my country nah okay
what is this oh why you see the
subducting ha ha
Oh clean the top with orbit can't help
with orbit right how did I know that
slogan I implore him yes but then he'll
go why are you telling your cart to stay
because in my country if I don't tell my
donkey to stay it will run off and find
other donkey and mate and make baby
donkeys I cannot take down baby don't
look that serious like big sriracha
ganna make sure you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
there ok
yeah is your girlfriend pretty boy
should have here she's not the end yeah
you do outro alone actually can you help
me with the tiger he'll gonna help you
okay under one condition you two
something
for a fair you give me three of your
best
you
you
