lies I think your followers are out
there stick your leg up stick your leg
out Jesse's my friend from back home
Jesse and I go way back Jesse hooked up
with my old roommate Mason that was his
first boyfriend I'm very good for his
first boyfriend Wow congratulations on
your sex change
I've been a vegetarian since I was in
the womb so wait you never had meat your
entire life we why can't you just be a
meat eater having a cry harder if like
an animal got hit by a car than a human
let's say I buy a burger for myself but
I'm too full to eat it so I'm gonna put
it to the side it's dead I paid for it I
bought it but you can eat it no it's
either that or I'm throwing it out with
better than you throw it out okay so now
you're disrespecting the animal no yeah
the Indians at least would know Indians
were respectful exactly here's all the
parts of it and they wouldn't throw the
animal out you didn't kill it the way
that we kill thing that doesn't matter
Jessie it's dead it's over it's over I
had the burger I'm eating of throwing
the burger out Jessie or you can eat it
and save the animal's life
seesee it was like it's dead already
yeah but like spiritually by eating it
you save its life Alice how many animals
have you saved by eating them yeah a lot
yeah how many spirits are in your body I
know a lot but what's the deal would you
want to let me know I just gotta let you
know man I don't want to see that Alex
on the toilet Alex you're here this guy
he wants to see more of you on the
toilet no he did not say that flatter me
are really inspiring your videos make me
laugh now talk about Alex be nice too I
like when you take off your shirt oh I'm
telling you do that cells I honestly
don't know what the vlog but I really
want to vlog around you just cuz I want
people to know that we have
Oh a lot of people are coming up to
Casey to ask for pictures I think I'm
gonna have to act as his manager I just
wanted to take a selfie with Casey and
go for it I'm his manager I'll you yeah
he charges like ten bucks but like I can
okay I just transferred the money can I
do the selfie now yeah
come here can you step in line don't get
too close to cases no no no no no no we
don't touch him do you want some more of
me in his log yes built Ford Tough
no that's that's a saying no it's not a
pond that's okay though Casey give me a
part I don't I don't have a bunny I'm
too much of a chicken Casey what I was
looking for underwear but they only have
ones for hipsters
you're on a roll dude what's your
favorite part about VidCon so far what's
your favorite part about VidCon meet me
know me
everyone saying nice things about Alex
go sure I roll up no I think about Holly
that's the one you're one of us now come
on he's like a fish zoo enum fuck you
push me jeez I don't think you can walk
around with a beer jerry-rigged truck
walk with a beer with a fuck I want
what's your favorite part about VidCon
the fans and fucking Saint fuck
gadget doctor he go by you I just love
them fucking baby Jesus shut the Frick
up I want one song before David leaves
gosh Rach you can't do that why I think
I'm staying with you I'm good my god you
wouldn't got to do it
I swear to God each one these only if no
Suzy I didn't mean to dis one of it
please I fucking love what you did out
there bestories of all have big swatch
and Catherine makes you like to
subscribe treat me at david dobrik any
i'll sad Liza Liza you are you thinking
her back oh my god so sorry about this
towel
to the beach
you
