your turn
gesture you change
your time wow dude
this you is literally amazing I can't
see supposed to be without the joke
that's the joke
fuck you would fuck your vlog when
you're born right or did the doctors say
when you came out they're like damn put
that fucking thing back in real small
baby uh-huh
you are yeah I was dangerously small
house dangerously smile like you had a
gun in your hand when you came out yeah
let you look yeah go fix your calf
muscles move get out of here no stop it
get out of here loser hey get out of
here toxicity end down by Liza door
slams do I see bait for the camera I
asked Alex I'm like Alex let's go
skydiving tomorrow are you kidding me I
need to mentally prepare we're probably
more likely to die on our way to the
skydiving place and actually at the
skydiving place and I wanna go to this
guy Evan okay cool there's a guy
strapped on your back when you jump out
of the plane dude so two people are
gonna die for sure oh I just want to
start doing crazy things dude I'll be a
crazy adventurous dude yeah
drugs are the key no makeup give up your
what my makeup no Liza oh yeah yeah
that's up in your makeup your makeup
came off yeah
enjoy the little thing hey I wanted to
say that I enjoy you as a person I'm by
neck nice everything you say right now
stay crying we go smooth miss carts
rolling really smooth I always get the
bad ones I'm so happy I got it I need it
yeah they're pretty small baby buddy
really
I don't know you're saying I always say
no haystack yeah
oh joy do it that means this one yeah
I'll really wide you ah huh Pfizer stop
come on you you're making a scene lyza
people clean this up
this guy's messing up the aisle yeah
what you looking find my fucking gun
every fucking missus yeah well I'm gonna
get my gun
hello yeah hi hi hi can I get my fuckin
fun with my fucking gun Oh stuff this up
stop stop stop stop stop Alex no David
no give me the chyme yeah what's up I
got three guns one two three bang bang
on that's a tripod guys don't smoke weed
that's the various like thanks for
watching Sam what lies a stop whispering
up whisper like the attention
okay that's the phrase like what that's
a very like thanks for watching Sam fix
you liked it subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys lads I have a big
announcement to make
no not that one from how I were no
longer doing the base coach I chose and
we're spicing it up so we're probably
doing different places maybe even
without Liza maybe with Alex and the
outros who knows what know what we'll
just move it to the chair over there no
we're not moving on to the chair no cuz
of the chair now we're not doing I mean
I got to the us in the chair
alright thanks for watching everybody
you
