scared to shoot let me finish where we
go driver why because I've taught you
well
right shotgun and this is why I love
target supporting the gays
this isn't supporting gauge that's
supporting shitty cookies there's
literally poison in these candles so if
you don't blow them out fast enough they
go all over your cake your who your aunt
this is a life lesson Alex nobody in
California and fruit loops bloopers this
is a serial that didn't make it into the
regular cereal box that's a dope
magazine article about Sean let's say
Alex Alex you're gonna pay for that
yes you know I miss you I just wanna
kiss you lies I just swore and I'm not
gonna put in the garage yeah you keep
that's a swear oh I guess he's a pussy
Sam you want to be on his prank show
don't you feel like there's too many
people that are retired in LA yeah
here's another one
hi mr. Jay Leno
he always inform I'm shitting this is
like my one time alone David you're
right I should come inside this could be
like our thing like Alex's on the
toilets talks okay I'm gonna leave okay
but if you're sad call me back
what either you want to play the word
association game that's the one amber
she's so worried about next chair table
desk my elementary school middle school
high know what school huh what when like
a celebrity dies no one cared to keep up
with like the end days of their life but
as soon as they die everybody starts
tweeting about it he was my inspiration
like Muhammad Ali mama yeah I don't even
know who that was
and then everybody freaks out like I
loved him but didn't you tweet about
Muhammad Ali oh and he died well that's
because he was an inspiration to Manny
yeah
but didn't you just say that you don't
know who he is David he got he was the
greatest fool oops letters that's
literally like it just being fruit
letters loops anyway that's cool all
right keep looking at it let's say how
cool is that
yo are these like handmade shirts yeah
this is us why custom Biot swaggin I'm
swaggin what do they do they take a cool
shirt and they burn it cooler ready to
order
if you watch no I'll give you with a bad
tip that's what our total is 1851 I
suppose you'll cover the rest
thank you that's fog thanks for watching
Kim make sure you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik what sorry I
just get to the end and flow into the
outro music because the Altos are the
best part of the vlog and I get to be a
part of it and I'm so honored and I just
I feel bad for everybody else they don't
get to experience the happiness I
experience
