Oh like does he like boy yeah Alex yeah
cuz he's looking for a girlfriend but
he's looking for a boyfriend
do you or what I'm just asking for a
friend yeah no I mean I don't think he's
looking for boy uh-huh do you want me to
ask ya for a friend boyfriend yeah we
have to talk to you well would you
kissed a B hey what's wrong you've used
oh no no I just well it's just a D and
Alex we're gonna kiss cuz they're like
the two hunks of the vlogs
you're my hunk the fucking lot you're
just the guy dude what you know daddy
was complaining how I come out of the
vlog and I told that that's not true not
true you're in the vlog all he's all the
time look you give bigger he did he's so
hot he's a supermodel he's till he was
like Tarzan so much jealous and then he
pointed in me you're like fuck you
Scotty too much Scotty your little
eating dog poop on a backpack you need
to start making me look smarter in the
vlog because what you come on you're
voting for trouble and you said you were
vegan like two weeks ago you just went
to Buffalo Wild Wings don't put it in a
memo much of the vlog the what the Trump
supporter the vegan
oh my mother loves Trump yeah heard
you're a racist to a Nazi yeah well
that's just being a trump supporter I
don't have specific political views if
you like Trump that's okay
but if you're a vegan if it doesn't
condone um political bend down from yo
Nick today we're gonna get you to hook
up with Kareena on camera
and then liza look-alike
i know it's really what you your
analyzes kid will look like I hope we'll
see likewise I gave birth to me right
and like you'd be in the hospital room
he should probably be live in the thing
like oh it's a boy that's a big black
guy thanks for the other day you're
given you're doing me good tips on how
to pick up girls now I brought Karina
for you to show me that in live Karina
can you pretend you're a girl at a party
yeah
so just accurately stupid good is she
really that stupid or doesn't make her
that stupid in every comment I think
it's a little bit of both what's up yo
we're getting ready to party it's gonna
be crazy o crazy what okay damn you
belong on however Boulevard oh yeah he
fucking Lots me with crazy weekend if I
have hurt please no fucking pennies we
hate them they're fucking useless we
don't want them thanks oh this is how
you make tea yeah see inside there then
you boil it my mom drinks tea yeah but
your mom Papa shops here this is the tea
store tea started oh and these are like
what this is where you put the tea
bagging I still don't understand what
these do the bomb yeah they filter the
smoke through water it's a lot easier on
your throat what smoke
tea you said tea you told us you wanted
to make tea now you're filtering smoke
yeah more like gateway to drugs there's
a what what do you mean the sound goes
Tar Heel okay okay that's it I'm gonna
show you that you're the ghost you're
the ghost yeah that's a Grendon what a
girls don't like that it's just me
that's a race vlog thanks for watching
Stephen makes you like a subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik anything else add Oh
go sighs that has nothing dad y'see
you're not a ghost what oh my god what
happened Eliza
miss you I miss you more every stop
you
all right so alex is back there and he
wants you to go on
