need a plumber you can trust good McCall
come come
hey Jerry yeah I can trust you right
what is that it's funny string funny
sense what's the deal with lampshades
yeah I mean if it's a lamp
why do you want shade ha ha ha what is
that it's a it's uh that prehistoric
weed
yeah it's research it's fossilized weed
it's 2,000 years old
Chinatown fuckin Romeo these
international charges are fucking
outrageous no Alex this is just we're
still in the u.s. yeah bullshit look at
the look around you David yeah you're
right
God brought us a Chinatown ders he's
looking for fireworks this lady just
famous speech about our stereotyping
Chinatown Dom fix it just cause you go
to Chinatown and now legal in California
anymore get some of those fireworks
since you pointed at the exact top I
told us you can't get fired into the oh
listen those fireworks too so stupid I
hate pop rocks yeah they might be my dad
hey what they remind me of my dad oh hi
it's my pop rocks we're here Chinatown
and we're a little bit concerned about
this dog popular myths would suggest
that they're gonna eat it they eat dogs
it's just it's like a racist thing
people say I better warn them there's a
car driver Chuck on in all three of the
back seats down you're not coming I call
all three of back seats and the shotgun
lock the door neighbor I bought Nick's
offering me advice on how to pick up a
girl yeah if you're 21 years or older
there will be drinks involved I have
never experienced this America's 21
years or older you think you'd get drunk
off like like a shot of beer I want to
know because I've never tried it so you
kiss her right and boom that's it she's
in love with you you're in love with her
what's next what's in that little heart
or deer two hearts how many hearts yeah
I'm not he's got one regular person yeah
she's not feeling you and you're feeling
her then it's just sexual harassment and
you know all about that don't you
and when one's a good time to get
married let's just say
this conversations close yeah yeah I
don't want to talk about our my friends
are on divorce training no no but like
they're about to be no no no because
then people in your comments will be
like oh so big names mama say when are
you turning 18 this you can't hook up
with like younger girls anymore I know
so I just gotta just go hard yeah yeah
no pun intended yeah but you're like
naturally fine just stocked up on in
there don't want any okay
I just realized that I could put Dom
smoking weed in this video because he's
illegally aw smoke weed hell yeah this
on the other hand I don't know this is
illegal
oh it sounds like scum what do you think
kids are gonna think Val no fuck off I
let's just be super clear here
I don't indoor smoking at all not
neither of us none of us indoor smoking
here itself day Dom you have to smoke
weed because of your medical condition
right yeah yeah I just have a back
problem Wow how'd you get your permit to
smoke weed you know those things that
they check your near the other doctors
office yeah had a rubber one of those
and they hit me in the head and they're
like did you feel that I'm like yeah and
then they gave me the car what do you
think you're a doctor yep you can smokes
anything any gun really wants it
that's the various vlog thanks for
watching Chloe it makes you like it
subscribe treat me see
there you go good good lovely who can I
choose who's Chloe who can't you see
sounds cute oh so sorry that's a very
long thanks rotten amber makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anyways ever then who's Chloe Chloe I
made a name on post an example oh so you
two aren't Chloe's closed closed closed
Chloe
you
