how is it cowboy oh the session Oh amen
ready go outside to me boy good boy good
boy good boy oh boy why are you staying
on two feet all right come here boy
master day yeah I am an advanced species
that can walk on two legs will you tell
me before we need to tell you whoa what
are your plans for today
probably gonna naked tan a little bit
more naked tan why do you make a tan I
don't know I've been doing it lately I
love it do the neighbors ever peek over
I would hope so yeah
what do you think they or even their
reaction isn't a peek over I don't know
a lot a reaction but I know they'd be
doing would they be doing you know I
know you know what they would be doing
why what is it oh you know probably
closing the blinds have you ever had a
prostitute over like actually that
honestly no I don't pay for sex
you don't pay for but you've had sex
with the prostitute I don't pay for it
look do you ever smoke weed though no
you don't so every it gets me way too
paranoid
what do you mean gets you paranoid like
I start tripping out like I just start
getting like these thought attacks like
that I did too much cocaine I think I'm
gonna die cocaine no huh huh Alex got
something funny then I turn on the
camera
and he stops doing the funny thing cuz
I'm not repeating it is there a terrible
actor yeah well you're a terrible
cameraman your camera should be on more
than huh why okay so what you're
starting a movie no cameras on you
should have seen it what I did in
rehearsals I did great
that's you Alan ha you literally have no
like Alec stop like stop like I'm not
mocking you right now stop seriously why
is that
stop who is that you fucking Jesus
look I'm Alex watch I'm about to be Alex
Alex you're say something to me oh yeah
okay well I don't wanna okay do you have
any that on tape oh but that's how you
are all the time
yeah well it's on tape so don't believe
it yo cool gear that's sick I'll shout
out
some person all right guys let's get
some footage you'll be mean the bigness
is it nice being small
no no assholes like you get a vlog in
make jokes ooh oh okay way to bring that
up that's a sensitive topic you know how
I feel when you make fun of me for
making fun of you how come you and Alex
don't get along too much meaning me
why is he me trying to make a vlog today
he won't even want to be and he said I
don't be your father but I feel like
you're making things up cause you're
jealous of his abs well that's the point
you literally asked him to make out with
you and then when he started doing it
you were like freaked out by it because
you said it's Thomas - yes
a test for what Nick does he was a
statutory rapist and what he made out
with you now it's a big deal oh we
didn't want to just make out with me so
then why are you complaining you called
my butt hurts oh yeah you're right what
did you start saying you I gotta do what
I gotta do to get back in this lock like
don't drugs only budget are you gonna
employ us hidden like a gopher
my parents sold me drugs for many years
you have had so du/dr I'm selling drugs
to my parents for many years guys at
VidCon what do you want people to bring
you a laptop a laptop what the fuck the
kids are like 13 years old an iPod these
snacks like oh this guy's cool no I put
you in the vlog that much these guys
okay oh my god it's the tin can from
Wizard of Oz I'll let you say your guest
who is the more favorite a child Donald
Trump do that Sal chumps star
no no judges I will build a great wall
Donald we're gonna get you out of there
guys I just got on a road trip for two
days without me you went to Vegas
without me yeah you saw boobs yeah but
what happens in Vegas that was made that
was about what happens in Vegas stays in
Vegas
Liza there's a lot of things that's
stayed there oh that makes me feel so
much more comfortable that's a race vlog
thanks for watching mark wish you liked
it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik any other liza
another outro alright go do it again
that's a very far based on similar good
she liked it subscribe tweet you favored
over any on sad liza another
