would you ever put a dildo up here about
Hall oh no no Pete would you uh would
you put a dildo up your butthole no
never do this never do that again
huh you want to hear how her name this
fucking fight was not the epitome of a
social media so zine starts snapchatting
me while I'm on the hoverboard yeah and
his phone died
Todd he decided to snapchat me doing it
too yeah Sam was like what the fuck bro
you saw me on snapchat and then he was
like it's a space or hoverboard
everybody can ride a hoverboard it's not
like you came up with the idea to like
make a video of it and then zan was like
you saw me making the snapchat and then
you go and take my idea and it was
literally just me riding on who the
hunter nothing into this whole huge
fight ending with toddy throwing the
hoverboard at him and threatening to
break his knees and something about his
knife but I'm not talking about his
cousin in a gang you broke your nose in
a game yes you did you like you don't
know me home need weed and munchies
anything helps don't be a douche you
want one of my fries they're munchies
here thanks dude I'm sue I brought you
something to put your mouth on whoo
Karina's here you guys want to do the
thumb now yeah you guys are so weird
but if you don't get some you're not
ready for
jobs I'll tell you that you're not ready
for modern jobs you don't get scary so
closed-minded about this sound this is
Hollywood baby mark thumbnail is the
kids house the thumbnail give me the
kiss when I've been shirtless this old
uh did you want to make a thumbnail dude
I feel like you're just messing around
like I feel like you're not focused yeah
you think this is a fucking joke kiss
fish it's a thumbnail Hollywood baby oh
my god
we got it out how's your mother gonna
feel about that oh my god I forgot I'm
sorry mom I shouldn't be slut shaming
people hey what the fuck
especially with current I think oh yeah
that's a whore that's it oh holy shit
I'm actually starting to smell dog
pissed right now dude that's what it is
Kurenai explain to us this dog piss
thing why does it smell like dog piss
just cuz we're making fun of your smell
doesn't mean yet to make fun of Alex's
penis right Alex yeah 1972 you Korea and
Alex's penis isn't the one that's
stinking up the entire car so don't
blame handle actually maybe it is gonna
shut up shut up you've done enough Alex
I'll I'll sing my favorite song you like
doing me to unite one more you fucking
know I love this all right bye Carina I
got a save trip thing she's leaving for
ten days good don't you think we should
go out there and least hug yeah yeah
ouch I told you super river opposing
people have behalf see you later you
stupid bitch guys thanks planning up oh
I'm so sorry
well that note I'm gonna go come on I
didn't know what's up dude I called you
a mystic name everyone calls me names
sometimes it's not my name what could
somebody plus Dave what Andy I've got
Andy before and I'm not never call you
Andy who oh okay no one's called me Andy
so big deal rub it in my face that I
don't have a second that you're lying to
me I'm not lying to you I just have a
second name like you I don't have a
second name yeah you do you're sane and
Heath you can choose buzzer doesn't like
to do the outro when she's got makeup on
whoa she's angry why what was that show
the world of wind shorts
nope she's wearing shorts everybody we
got it you wearing shorts yeah take him
up oh my god those are long what's on
those shorts how did they get so much
longer what's girls hey I don't know if
people are gonna understand it hopefully
they know I didn't come up with that you
put me up to it no I didn't put you up
it really told me go grab sweatpants I
have this bit we're gonna come up with
the way that people invented pain I say
that's it Freddie's like big Strachan
Alexis makes you like it subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik lice Ellis actually
stuck her finger in a socket with all
this hair sticking out what the heck
what the heck you want it in your socket
the dome on my socket
do you mind me electrifying oh my god
another pun what a shocker
thank you
