yo what's a cool zone try I try to try
to try it what's up pussy guys remember
what this feels like G in your vlog no
how's your sex life going I don't have
one
why it's not sweet a lot really it's my
left hand to yourself ya know if you
were Todd would you masturbate to
yourself to was like I'm not attractive
or Spheeris like dying in like I did it
why do you think you're gonna die
since where someone's excelling graceful
Serena you're so full of yourself
you know she cheated on my my best
friend so you can show off your tits
it's not that hard to figure out that's
not why I have a why do you have a big
hole in your shirt grana easier of a
dealer
oh it's easier oh my god life hack let's
put a whole fucking hole in Alex are
those wheat sacks
fuck yeah right you smoke pot oh yo dude
you smoke weed ha ha I'm a dolphin get
the fuck out do you guys need help ok I
just ask to be nice I was crossing our
fingers that are gonna say no you were
like do you need help I was like oh my
god this thing is I don't even know
these guys gonna do they're like a
little leaf what ok what's going on I
decided that I kind of broke right now
David said you'd help me out and I'm
gonna get a tattoo on my finger it's
gonna say David squab he's paying me a
small of some money just normal block
letters yeah I guess and that's what
they're Oh what did I just do just
promoted my brand for the next couple
years though so thanks you to vote I
can't believe that convinced Karina that
was rough payer for the head tattoo
Journal me see that was honestly
probably the best someday I'm gonna have
a yeah ever yeah okay you want to come
now what do you mean I have a thunder
Alec stop Jenna what are you gonna do
now with your new tattoo are you gonna
show off to other people stupid you are
David like dude I did this and now
you're gonna call me stupid like I'm
stupid honestly that I got the really
good end of the deal because not have
free promotion for the rest of your life
so just don't die on me and I'll get
more subscribers
once again I'm really bad at
transitioning this vlog but Alex and I
are go to Vegas so how are you gonna get
through airport security with those guns
and those explosives in your pocket
everywhere you go here you there offer
to go to a strip club or to have sex
with someone explain to me what this is
all about that's chef I am the Beast a
possible bigger strip club he's what
comes with the biggest strip club in the
world
it was for handling else to play with
400 crores of fire
did they go to college all of them what
is what they work religions you've been
a naughty boy
go go go
whoa whoa already say cheese cheese good
I got it I got it can you take a picture
with my boy I got I got tip Dan only if
you whip him Oh Alex bend over go yeah
yeah all right do with these massage
massage does it end in a like a
different way ha ha ha a really fun trip
David thanks Liza what was your favorite
part I like that much better Bernie's
vlog thanks for watching Sara makes you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys next week I think instead of Carina
I'm gonna convince Liza to get a back
tattoo with my name on it
another one I'm glad you came
Oh
you
you
