oh I heard you got brand-new grills
let's see how they work it's gonna blow
your mind you want using videos on the
phone oh hello
hey Catherine yeah the donation did not
go so we just went to Corinna's how the
best plan would have been if Jason slept
with Corinna's mom so Jason could have
something to hold over Corrine at all
time Jason your own yeah well cut up
your mind this is what happened when we
asked her if she'd have sex with cheese
we had this idea for your mom right yes
we have this friend she's right here
I'll just go in there no morning
actually we're arguing whether or not
you were genuinely into Jason or you
were just playing along for the camera
well I would love to like about two
minutes from now so we're at seascape
and where's where's our other friend
Jason karena where's that friend Jason
look at it I'm not gonna say what
happened on camera at all do not kiss
and tell what happened well what
happened what happened between me and
Corinne his mom is between her and I and
I'm not gonna sit here and and broadcast
therefore everybody on your channel it's
Friday I do have this one this one
remember videos yeah there's some other
ones but those are for me watching me
suck a guy's dick that's right doc
thanks watching Amy makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik Scott
what are you doing for New Year's
