what are you working on magic you want
to want to see a little trick I'm messy
sure yeah tail card all right okay got
it now on it so anyway yeah okay now I'm
gonna make your card appear I love you I
didn't do that shit Crenna you're kind
of like this sauce cuz I'm a one ooh no
cuz you're a one out of ten Alex are you
listening to this
Karina says she's going vegan no no it
has nothing to do with being vegan
you're the biggest idiot in the world
you know what vegan is I'm the biggest
idiot I'm not the one going vegan what
an idiot vegan dude group hey Liza okay
so we just found out current is a vegan
you're vegan you guys comfortable with
riding the elevator with a vegan what's
your number one good plan with women
okay I have 2.9 million followers on
vine what's like the first thing they
say when you tell them that usually get
like a fuck off or like I don't know a
vine is but like occasionally they'll
hold my hand yeah isn't that funny that
we give gave Nick the broken controller
but he still thinks he's playing oh did
you ever have like a make-a-wish yeah
when I was 14 you had a make-a-wish hell
yeah
well what's it did you go on the light
no way you wasted it on that and why did
you get that wish you gotta have some
sort of fucking like y-you got a no
Saddam's STDs yeah huh good
I'm just now realizing only people that
call him names we're fuckin asshole so
will Amy no bully alice is in a panic
just because you had a make-a-wish
doesn't mean you can treat other people
usually believe me okay look I got to
fly to Hawaii for free I get it nice
hey guys be nice to Nick in the comments
so meaning you painting don't lock
yourself why are you famous you're just
reading Alex's comment what you do at
work today
other than ignore my calls whoa this are
you blogging and trying to talk about
your feelings oh my god lucky I they
have an address like one two three four
why if they wouldn't put the three there
would have it in perfect order one two
four yeah one two four three five six
hey hey we made it
actually I've been dating I've been
taking tradewinds you're doing I like
the outfit it matches your hair what did
you get the outfit first or the hair
first ah
nice look I thought this is underwear
what'd you think it was it's a hat I'm
just a pervert oh my god
Liza I thought this was underwear it's a
hat I'm such a pervert I'll just kind of
be on my break show it's a show and
you're on it Alex
what the fuck Alex now okay I'm not a
Rachel I'm on the pressure hey Dom you
want to be on my prank show
fuck you get on set David you're on a
prank show no no no show you think
you're gonna get pranked but really I'm
just gonna be shaving last time into the
outro you didn't have your eyebrows on
in someone commented who's that little
boy sitting next to you in the outro
that's Ray's vlog thanks for watching
Cathy makes you like subscribe 3 me at
david dobrik Wow you literally wearing
my shirt again why not do something
wrong with that girl you gotta get your
own buzzripple
Liza that's my shirt underneath - take
that off what take it off appointed
having a boyfriend then take it huh oh
my that's my shirt - Liza I get it what
I get you take that shirt off and
underneath is gonna be my shirt - why is
it you're predictable it's all oh it's
not sure
whose shirt is that sigh you're sure
just
you
