we fuckin lookin at you piece of fucking
shit Thank You fucking piece of shit
she look at the mirror again wow it's a
good pic water which trip you up I don't
know cuz if I pick that one be still
gonna die out there that one's gonna
miss these two so if I pick that was
gonna feel bad because I don't know we
just have him all day yo she's gonna
grow up to be so hot I mean I guess in
like two years
look when your boss gives you money to
fix the elevator wall but instead you
buy stickers I guess you guys always
saying we're the same thing look Eliza
got me a brand new black shirt yeah
better gets better oh my golly brand new
pants
look up what color are they they're
black you I see you come on yeah once
you put it on are you ready yeah
no come on out no shut up I bet you look
great come here oh yeah stupid oh my
gosh
you look so cute oh I'm in a snapchat
about an hour ago that said if anybody's
near our house let me and Alex know and
we will come get you and bring you
upstairs so we're gonna get up coming
and we're gonna go go now this is a
complete stranger
we've not matter this is either gonna be
really awkward really funny I don't know
she's here she's here
she said I'm here game time you nervous
this is our lucky contestant I'm having
hi Mary how old are you 20 22 Alex how
old are you 27 27 you know what ready to
go oh what a party want me to tell you
yeah actually do you know where we live
oh my god that just shows like how bad
we are at hiding are everywhere and this
is a bathroom this is where alex is
shirtless a lot come on let me close the
store and then you usually just go Alice
can I come in
yeah and then BOOM when you watch the
vlogs do you think alex is stupid or do
you think that he has some intellect
behind his stupid face I think you edit
so
you edited sweet looks too so he looks
do it but you think he's smart alecks
say something smart
David you ever realized like when sales
are going on like stuff is a lot cheaper
it's really good
David how the fuck did you do that Alex
you still haven't showed her your room
sure your room
he loves his room no white boy is
upholstered and everything pretty lights
and stuff that give it give it a little
little world
yes ah oh my god
get the fuck up get out my room out yeah
Alex come on no Danny this is my
favorite fucking poster do a poster dude
it's a poster come on shut the fuck up
David get up hey it's not that bad
no you have to go it's not that he's
just kidding get you no no her shoes are
still here come on hey it's not that bad
Jesus Christ thank you for coming Maggie
did you have fun
it was almost free - how much you pay
worth it what did you learn what did you
don't read my fucking post this is a
driving with Liza at least sitting in
the car with her I'm not really sure why
you gotta fight with me tonight I can't
let you go it's a place for families a
drive Gary no it is
a child is you gonna see ya oh I'm
waiting for a sitting in the car with
Liza wow that's very vog thanks for
watching Mattie it makes you like to
subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys if you
guys didn't know it's liza nice 6-month
bursary so wise why don't you tell them
how much you love dating me so far
husband it's been good guys been pretty
pretty you know average big-time so be
sure yes you know three sure I love
dating david dobrik
good times goodbye
you
