Oh
Oh God there is a coaching
well if you didn't spend all your money
making everything you own our gold you
won't be sleeping on the side oh my god
if the animals for Madagascar
gently-used so far you want to get it so
fucking what so it's fucking stupid
I'm vlogging can I come in you're being
selfish I'm vlogging let me come in what
what is you not letting me come in cuz
I'm blogging Oh why'd you tell me you're
pooping I did I do okay tell everybody
how long you sit on the toilet for my
fucking laser Ghazi I'm dead better have
broken the camera that she washes her
hands okay and I'll be in the show
wait till I see the magical words wait
till I say Kurenai you silly goofball
then come out okay turn it wash your
hands before you got into our house wash
them now already wash that right now
wash your hands this isn't a game it's
actually so gross that I have to wash
your hands now let me get a picture of
you smiling with your washed hands for
the thumbnail dupe up against that cuz
it looks good Oh
Curren are you silly goose look somewhat
decent look I'm not gonna be when you're
scared her and the tiles gonna be dumb
blonde gets it again oh shit that's
something good I did with bitch gets it
again now Tom jump back house when
you're coming back when you're brenes
breath doesn't really come I'm editing
right now this next clip literally looks
like Alex recorded it with his penis
I've no explanation
last time goes how hungry are you but
you're drinking lotion straight out of
the bottle we why I played me a song
where you just found out the girl you
hooked up with was actually sixteen
years old
five play a song where you just woke up
and you found out to give a rash all
over your penis why the fuck would I
sleep at the 16 year old we're not as
young as we used to be yeah this is like
a 10-year reunion Alex aren't I gonna go
do some charity work and I'm bringing my
camera along so people know that we're
doing some charity work I'm supposed to
be dressed like a superhero I look like
a broom though so this is how David
prove he's not a terrible person
put your body where the miracles are it
gets really busy like helping people and
like just committing to all these
charities which is sonar
you got to give back you got to get back
with how to be a good person okay a
cigar talk about abortion what do you
think not talking on my political views
on camera ever why can't we like
actually discuss like smart things I
would probably enhance the brains of the
viewers yeah I'll have them fucking hate
us who are you voting for Trump yeah
walking on it yeah why so once you can
deport any piece of shit you've
literally had the worst attitude all day
know when you're probably missing
something with attitude now fuck you
Dave you little bitch-ass pussy huh yo
how'd you do that don't hit me anymore
because people in the comments are
saying slow down on the hidden because
it looks abusive that's good slow down
oh that's a very Zack thanks watching
Sarah makes you like it subscribe
tweeting yet david dobrik you know sad
liza yeah
you
