blessed and beautiful would have never
made it without you god I love you god I
love you
god I love you I love you who are they
talking about I don't know I love you I
guess one of it
what's up dude hey food
it's my phone oh good 1 2 3 go
bye Alex I miss you see you man fuck
this I'm not really good transitioning
in these vlogs but right now I'm in
Chicago this is my teacher from language
are energized what you teach literature
it's hard to know what you teach and I
don't pay attention give me a little
breakdown of what kind of a student I
was you can focus your you spend 90%
your time arguing with me about why you
should never do work I suppose actually
doing work tell me about that time you
kicked me out of the classroom everybody
else want to study for the final except
for you and you still wanted to grow up
because I didn't need it Ella yeah but I
didn't need it sat next to me because I
wasn't constantly
yeah but you would be nice but that's
where everyone turned in their tests and
then I can't be back in the vlogs with
new Alex Alex say something that only
new Alex would say old Alex sucks that
is something you would say say something
cool I'm picking up my brother from
school right now I haven't seen him in a
couple months
No Swango
at home that's the wrong clip my bad
guys hi Dobie you're still small and
cute where's your sister she's still
bigger and not that cute you're eating
carrots let's jump you need junk food in
your system I just like recording little
kids who's ready for presents you ready
Toby open your eyes a brand new gun open
your eyes what is it it's an iPod okay
open your eyes
it's a gift card so you can download new
songs on her new iPod it's cool right
I'm backing out liyan's still really bad
at stringing these watch together guys
Liza pick me up in the airport such as
fact I'm trying to convince Liza that
it's okay for me to buy a Tesla right
now I'm trying to convince David that if
you buys a Tesla right now you won't
have anything to look forward to what
will you do if you already have a Tesla
what would I do if I already I'd
probably work out more buy that car that
car now okay stop
Alex that's not ice that's a nice no you
got it stop stop stop it step what is
your problem you're panting like a dog
that's pretty like a scratching bad mix
what are you just gonna go straight to
the outdoors and we're gonna talk first
ha yeah whoa I'm kidding okay oh oh why
just stop flies up ah
so how was your day what's good can't do
the our channel thanks for watching Ben
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else to head Liza
oh my dears pretty good
you
