Oh David almost ran at this fire hydrant
the cat is a cone over hissing
Alex I just want you to hang out with me
like old times
fucking wake me up I'm not waking up
what you wanna hang out stop your
fucking big good where'd you just come
from downtown LA what's in here what's
in there
I'll show you only get inside why Cooper
bad yeah the feds are watching Alex get
so insecure when I talk about it screams
now whispering dude honestly your caps
are actually really small fucking
kidding me well like honestly they're
small you're a fucking piece of shit
what
fuck yourself when you're out in public
do you think people say like oh stop
walking around with your small calf
muscles huh no what are you thinking
about right now new exercises for your
calf
yes good log you yeah just see how you
feel about it
hey I'm David I'm really stupid that's
all I'm secure Alice's house that's a
big camera Jake honey comb Davey I'm
stupid look at me wearing a sweater when
it's fucking like 90 degrees outside
what's the update on your orphan
situation I'm still an orphan yeah but I
just got it at a scholarship for $5,000
for being an orphan so oh good so you
get things handed to you cuz you're a
narc is it okay if I make orphan jokes
you know this place are you sure
buttered about meeting over I'm gonna
over my whole life like I don't care so
at this point it's kind of like parties
kind of like yeah everyone's been making
fun of orphans since I was little and I
like use it is not so bad like some
please take my shit think of the orphan
so they like Sierra you're the orphan
okay I'm gonna tase down right now I
don't volunteer to this everybody this
is this is Alan's idea not mine
I'm here we go there's a real taser
ready yep all right here we go whoa that
one's suck your whole fucking body just
like locked aah
so you're saying it was right here where
it hurt ladies and gentlemen makes you
go like it subscribe to allens videos he
did another deed he's the champ oh oh
mother fucker
can I taste it you want to do it why
can't I case you have heart problems
what do you need power problems my ex
girlfriend broke up with me like a year
ago and I'm still not over kuranes
buzzing go get your food go get food
you gonna get your food is a your blow
pop oh my god it is so you're supposed
to suck on on you fucking idiot hee hee
do the thing dude I think I need someone
to smoke a cigarette with yo he if
someone like hit on Corina right now
would you kick their ass
No why not Alexson on Corina so you get
over here and you fuck my girlfriend if
you guys are doing oh look I'm pretty my
girlfriend this oh that because we put
stuff like that in the vlog that's in
what yeah no that's not it oh it's an
it's it I took it out but why is it in
the video what is it what you learn in
school throw circle times ah that's what
the link I'll DVD 12 notes on my channel
yeah I must have him up boobs I doubt it
Oh like I decided to know about boobs so
no comment she's a girl
yeah but she doesn't have good I've
decided that instead of lives and I just
jumping straight into the outro we
talked a little bit and hung out on the
basecoat that's the prettiest vlog
thanks for watching Keenan make sure you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else to add Liza oh hey there
I do it
if you're going in
you
