Alex Alex be the thumbnail perfect Liza
is a quick movie movie trip what's your
quick movie trick for people that want
to put butter in the center of their
popcorn okay
we should eat the popcorn preferably
unbuttered I'm butter straw yeah put the
straw in the center push the popcorn
topping aka butter and it goes straight
down the straw into the center what do
you have not butter on top but butter
every would you ever agree married I
mean probably one day yeah how long you
think it's gonna last I mean till death
do us part right yeah like probably two
years what you have to say to people
that cheat on their wives you're scum
you're a piece of shit and I hope it was
worth it if you have to choose between
cigarettes or toddies body what would
you choose oh man I just rather work
hard you'd rather work hard and keep
smoking patty what would you choose wait
well what would his body look like if it
wasn't like this you know I'm saying
there's got to be like a you guys a
twitch oh god that's fucked up okay
explain what's going on here with your
hair why did you that I don't know would
your girlfriend say about your hair she
said she likes it she says it makes me
look like Justin Bieber really sexy and
we had sex she orgasm more than ever
before but it home Bieber oh my god yeah
do these work on me yeah dude no like
actually yeah oh you're lying yeah yeah
we're all taking a picture but we can't
decide who's gonna take the picture so
we think the ugliest person yeah but
then again he always ends up taking the
picture second is Scott take the picture
Karenin literally told me like seven
days ago that she thought you were hot
David I'll fuck your friend all right
okay Karina oh she wants to hook up with
heat so I just brought her a lot hey I
am I just bought a brand new drone so
I'm gonna try to play around with it a
little bit
I'm on best route to join a little bit
more and then I'm gonna put in the next
log instead I break it down Nikki going
to the hospital tomorrow
give me your chances of survival um well
present I knew it I told you is somebody
good thumbnail Nick if you get cremated
we can put your ashes in a little shot
glass so that would save us a lot of
money
no Princess Leia didn't sleep around
Karina Oh mommy Nick introduce us to
your mom hi do you have anything to say
about Nick that you've never told anyone
before
your flaws are so amazing I'm an old
woman and I just watched them do you get
angry when I make fun of Nick in the
vlogs no because I don't know no no
you're nicer to him than I am Oh mom
calls me dumb shit every day really I
guess you're gonna do dumb shit
this vlog is actually sponsored by big
Nick productions
damn it did you did you see another baby
to have your baby yeah why is it that
beautiful people make ugly babies well
two beautiful people make one ugly baby
together huh so we have half a chance at
making a beautiful baby cuz you're ugly
you're ugly right actually a little
chocolate ready I'm gonna get that my
skin tone no legit chocolate right there
that's my mom no okay here Oh sobs what
why I eat but was a PG version lies is
really bummed out because she thinks the
last outro is terrible
yeah los nachos sucked you're gonna say
sure better is our taste Raj and Laura
miss you like subscribe to V at david
dobrik anything else as I said what
