oh I moved to LA June 4th we're gonna be
hanging out every day every hour every
day every hour dude imagine that with
big neck just hanging out Alex hey what
are you doing
Alex you doing Alex oh my god my god
that is insane oh hey Judas your show oh
my God look how small that pier is yeah
it gets bigger once you get through
though kind of like out his penis
Alex's PST is the same and never gets
bigger you ready you ready are you tired
of walking around and standing well you
can get your chairs right here get your
chance great you have no single riders
really get the fuck away know what's up
now you guys are all 13 yeah do you guys
have any advice for a guy who's looking
for a girlfriend oh look bitches gave
monies every day loyal know what you
take away from those 13 yards well I
fucking hate 13 year olds can you be my
documentary oh yeah
it's about 80 18 what changing the world
you want to eat there no the food's too
tiny and expensive just Eliza I brought
Alex here has a little surprise to him
Alex do you know what we're doing here
yeah if you had to take your gas what
would it be um taking a puppy a puppy
sit down on the floor sit down yeah is
it's gonna be a puppy it's not a puppy
to sit on the far haircut yeah guys
close oh here comes oh my god Alex oh
come on
what's your surgery for I'm getting so I
have like metal and my hips and legs I'm
getting that shit out show off miss TSA
say yeah what is TSA say about that well
I'm like extremely hot so they always do
like Security checks like in the back
except they end up fucking pounding me
oh you got a nice view you probably
haven't seen it the hell it's funny when
you make fun of Gabby but we make fun of
me it's like wow babies making fun of
the disabled person you're fucking
bigger than I read it
get out it was oh c'mon David hey David
open the door if you like boys
oh we're gonna tell everybody me and
Corinne are dating hey open the door for
me and Corinne are dating David son of a
bitch
I've just been really getting into
stuffed animals lately oh yeah so I'm
just trying to get some homes should
pick any of these with the fucker the
extra small they get these it says it
feels like nothing's there which also
isn't the best way to promote kind of
good haha no come on no come on that's
probably broken now I have a fucking kid
it looks so different when I record cuz
all you see is just people's dicks
what do you want Martha thinking of
something something fruity oh shit
what's this what is that bleach Wow look
how cool this is on top of here look at
this what is that I can't see shit
Alex look how cool is it isn't that cool
Wow oh listen to how deep Nick's voice
is now Nick talk what shit yeah just ah
stirone yeah dude it's his new growth
hormones they're just going straight to
his voice Nick really wants to be a
thumbnail there's only one way to go
about this yeah chill
I forgot it makes the thumbnail work
Nick's gonna be the thumbnail I want to
be the thumbnail baby before I had this
violin I let everyone know there's a
pimple developing right here on my mouth
you okay I feel good it's my cake
sriracha Kayla would she like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik I said
something really funny before David did
that so that's ice laughing so hard that
time but yes I do have something to add
David you guys wanna know why hamsters
always get sick
rawr because they cough and then they
try to cover it up but there's dirt and
instead they go like this
my
no son
Oh
Oh
you
