we got ATM has carrots one other thing
I'm a fucking rabbit hey look at this as
llamas made out of weed weed no it's not
that's how I hate this plum has made out
of grass it's gonna be like the smokes
weed she did she did
does it suck it to be a centre Heath
when you wake up in the morning you
commit your first sin of the day are you
like Wow
should have had some orange juice with
that I have an orange juice while I'm
masturbating that makes no sense
Joe what do you do when you first wake
up drink some what about it I just your
nipples yeah Thank You Keith what made
you or made you get your nipples pierced
alcohol Joe I just don't like my nipples
so you don't like your nipples swig on
peer so I wanted to bedazzle I was right
anywhere I had so people know when I'm
pissed people know in your pit that's
the stupidest reason I've ever heard you
okay why is there Vaseline on your bed
were you jerking off you were jerking
off with it no I my legs get it at night
and I slowly move up into the different
portions of my body
hey damn pretend current as a girl that
you want to pick up at a party how do
you approach her it was something nice
this want to make up attendees a guy
that you wanna hook up with go oh yes
you will imagine it's Alex I probably
got my niece around oh yeah hole shit I
had a couple months back I recorded Alex
peeing in a diaper like actually being
in a diaper and I deleted the footage
now I'm trying to convince Alex the
peanut diaper again I'll give you $30 if
you put your diaper right now $50 no no
no money what do you mean no money this
is weird if I do for money
I'll get you unlimited buffalo legs with
dr. pepper actually why are you putting
it on solely you up you put it hot fuck
up it's so fucking this is some weird
shit people jerk off to do
I hope not she don't like people look at
new it on PE David okay I'll close my
eyes and you just look at you that clip
I talked up like a fucking prostitute
why are you so nervous
alright come with me what what's get
fucking pee right now David who I may
because your vlog news went up since the
last time no way the perfect yeah that's
not happening man but you peed a little
bit yeah I feel a little bit
I can't pee a lot right now okay if you
can't pee then poop not either fuck that
good we switched the diapers out alex is
gonna pretend that's the real one Alex
legit just peed in a diaper for the vlog
can you smell it though it's just a
little heat drizzle break that's a fake
diaper and you smoke too much weed it's
pretty well piss on there oh but he did
piss in another one okay cause I just
don't want a pissy diaper on that's what
was that a good prank I mean yeah you
got a reaction from me Donn was really
pissy because that's a race vlog thanks
for watchin Charlie makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else a visor yeah why are we on
the beige couch or we do something with
the computer again or something all the
screens on but I doubt were actually
using yeah we're making an outro dude
all these Flyers to just do this hey
watch how you talk to my boyfriend yeah
hey guys guys guys guys guys are you
guys just pretend fighting just for the
outro
yeah well did this take us way too long
to come up with I think so ha ha ha
ah no no
