stupid fucking say something I for sure
what a conceited llama how do you take a
selfie come out with me dude you always
sleeping no now will you come out with
me
no come on Alex no dude you can't buy my
friendship I have over gone but Alex and
I did a favor for current of the other
day and in return she said she was gonna
clean my room so tomorrow is coming in
to clean my room the problem is my room
doesn't need to be cleaned so Alex now
you're gonna have some fun whoops now
let's bring her in you have to clean the
gun up - I don't know this is
and all that shit off - and you're still
gonna have to blow me after now that I
want you to blow me or anything Alex
wants to make it very clear that him and
Corinne are not dating
we're not dead we're just hooking up
okay that's better I guess yeah
currently said you sign yeah kiss
Kareena no come on I'll give you two
dollars I'll give you $3 no $10 this
thank you for shopping sign is fading
away in the most convenient way possible
thank you for shopping Linds oh my god
Alex Alex is it here no way yes
wicka-wicka-wicka-wicka wish Alex what
are you doing
no no point no not quite quick quick oh
damn what you wish for still in the back
of my goddamn help you daddy's here guys
so we're gonna drive around for the
buh-bye zoom did honey knows that's
gross oh I already looks like you're
zoomed in on my nose anyway daddy had a
date today it was away I had a second
date you're kidding I somehow tricked
somebody into hanging out with me for a
second time would you say a couple shout
out anyway secret you shout about right
yeah you know you remind me of my
grandma she's always the one videotaping
and taking pictures of all the family
reunions the birthday is the concerts I
always say grandma you're never in these
egos cuz I'm Owen always recording
nobody ever records me I
like you're my grandma oh haha we have
four minutes I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
fry one because you're probably not even
gonna eat the ice cream I want it so bad
I've never wanted anything more my life
how about a nice family or friends that
like you well that did bother I wish I
can use you as my thumbnail but there's
already so much that happened this vlog
Alex kiss Karina and there's a llama on
my flight oh yeah I think so
that's a very sloth fixed routes and
John make sure you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else I
do may not be okay I look like a pretty
good panda you do pretty coats and
skirts in the legacies
