just like really good like you're
shaking over Oh straight up in the
kneecap
just stop you're way better than just a
slut on david dobrik vlogs this guy
definitely isn't getting his concept Oh
Heath knows his song and sign language
wait don't
Wow he loves me death he loves the death
Allen told me if I link his channel in
my YouTube video I can shoot it with a
paintball ground whenever I want
he told me it's about five hours ago
we've been waiting Jesus sorry he's out
there tanning we're gonna get him
Oh
Oh are you good I think he's puking you
feel good
Oh wonder that dude mean I feel so weird
wow those get bad real quick no this is
red what are you feeling right now 100 I
find out okay it's just literally it's
like shine you told me to do this yeah
okay
okay I forgot you okay go we were gonna
do this kennel any times yet okay yeah
so one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten ten let's not badly till
11:00 hi but as promised please go check
out his channel give him some love group
some thumbs up maybe subscribe if
they're okay videos we have to think you
know tune in next time for when I shoot
Alan with a real gun oh no - shout outs
come on David thinks this is really
funny but I said homeless people are
really blessed because they have bigger
homes than anybody because the world is
their home I don't I don't know what's
so funny about it
hi Gabi this is over with
hi Gabi you um play Simon Says all right
Simon Says put your left hand on your
head okay Simon Says smile be a slot Oh
Simon didn't say so the game is so it's
called say anything okay okay
so basically it'll be we go back and
forth you'll be like bear pokemon door
don't wait don't touch me but keep
telling me what's gone what is wrong
with you okay ready go hoodie Gabi Pig
you're here Gabi I really got a pig how
many times do you workout with your
trainer five times a week
how many times are you actually working
out week you're having sex with your
trainer Gabi's having sex with her
trainer can I put that in though oh I'm
gonna get obvious is a joke so I have to
lie to my audience
don't look at me don't look poor girl
yeah she's not before bed Eliza hello
yeah now I'm not busy I by Gabi you play
it you know
hey what's wrong nothing what do you
look so stressed and unhappy oh my god
are you just at Gabby's yeah Oh coming
oh that's today's vlog they Strachan geo
makes you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik and they also add like an
outro a funny outro please I would love
to add that great we're I'm FM love we
have nothing to work with guys do you
realize that we sit on the same base
couch against the same white wall I said
this in the last outro thing that we
tried before and David does not
appreciate it so here he goes again go
ahead and lift up the finger and tell
him thank you for watching as it is like
watching
you
