Alex and I have been driving on the
airport for like 25 minutes now looking
for Dom I don't know what to do what do
you what should we do I think we should
do that thing other thing oh man I wish
I had some weed
me too that's gonna hunger hey Dom likes
for you to track a kid shampooed smells
bad fierce what does it smell like well
when my daddy says grab my balls
what yeah but now I get rashes cuz I
don't get I don't clean up that well
scrub daddy this reminds me of good
smelling shampoo if Alex and I are
picking up stain from the airport right
now I did get a little up beautiful
what a little beautiful here what do I
have a little up beautiful whats up
beautiful not much other you made sayin
how is your flying dude I'm so drunk
right now
I got to the airport God God forbid I
grow my beard out just a tiny bit
fucking they look at my ID and I'm the
random fucking search they go won't they
go 1 2 3 10 10 10 to be on the fucking
tail deal don't fucking get me excited
make that fucking hit then he can't lick
his lips like this or I can he's getting
a moist for you okay I got it that's
fine I won't like my ladies collected
yeah yeah won't like my list let me just
freshen up a little bit no there's that
quick pack you guys want to see a magic
trick
yeah all right here's a metric Tic Tacs
right there's none none in here nothing
nothing nothing in here there's no tic
tacs nothing
now watch if I say the magic words ready
come down here magical words whoa
to fix that she's really crazy yeah
they're in there how do you think I did
that I don't know black magic I'm having
a good day I'm having a good day I'm
having a good day
and there goes
- ha take care no promises no jumbo I'd
rather see this advisor the reason are
vlogging together isn't organic anymore
is because our vlogs used to be
organically hanging out and now it's
like fuck I need to get footage the
night before my vlog let me get
something quick and now it's not real no
it's not that it's not real that it's
not preferred like I prefer to hang out
someone else but I think Liza's busy
right now saying eat her off at some
Club he's joking but it hurts her that's
too true people probably think we're
kidding with all this stuff but we're
not red vests serious literally totally
in the vlog one thing you wish you could
change about yourself about me yeah um I
feel like I volunteer too much I read
that somewhere I thought I was the
funniest joke
one time when Eliza and David first
started dating I spent a sold 20 minutes
convincing Eliza that David told me once
anybody was gay and I always do that
shit just a mess of people and then I
forgot to tell her that I was applying
so like six hours later she brings it up
again she's like this has been eating
away at me
today's brought to you by fake
friendship and forced presence by Gabby
limit yourself to sleeping with one guy
tonight okay boom what's up beige couch
welcome to my apartment what are we
about to do notch always ends up being
analyzed this place for some reason I am
sufficiently okay oh no why because it's
a fag was what it's a fine cause what do
you mean it was a fight cause it was no
it is not okay no I see why you went
over there that's your buddies walk they
shot - Monica makes you like uh
subscribe three me at david dobrik
anything else I have Isaac oh my god was
that supposed to be fake gee you must
feel
I could be chasin
my time would be wasted
