pretend that TV right there is a girl
and you like her you why don't you want
to take her home
don't the Turner are on first talk
bastard like what's your deal it's your
fucking hurry right now David I want to
see him
yeah heat this soda me addicted to
cigarettes by the time we get there so
it's okay it's gonna hate me for that
one
why that's mean wow I do you think it's
mean I wish people addictions not a joke
you're addicted to masturbating dude why
don't you get with that fuckin I'm not
putting that in a bar but you are yeah I
know
water vodka vodka last girl you kissed
what was her name what what was her name
Alex last girl you kissed was her name
what's her name though Denise shut the
fuck up David owes to me you shut the
fuck all your mom's the knees you touch
my dragon then I'm gonna fucking break
your dragon land don't you fucking touch
it don't shoot I'll fucking kill you
I'll kiss your mom again you better not
poop sort of dumb bitch don't you
fucking dare touch my mother
Alex Alex what are you doing Alex grow
up grow up what's this don't you do it
can you be in my documentary is that
cool it's just about giving counterfeit
money to people thank you poster sale
six dollars I'll give you 20 bucks for
this poster sale sign Boulevard by
posters I'm sorry after business that
was put your name on a grain of rice
people on Menace Boulevard will charge
you for literally the stupidest thing 20
bucks
dolphin 20 bucks want to see a piece of
licorice
10 bucks is a discount is he too busy
licorice 20 bucks
what'd you do today Gabby who's we
who can't be in the vod's right now she
even made a mess of a suitcase to
pretend like she was a friend over if
you guys aren't like a normal watcher
these vlogs
Gabey explain to me why I come here
every day I told David that he was being
a really bad friend and I said he has to
put me in every blog for two months and
we're like what we're like a month now I
have no idea I don't want to box where
is this not true when you go to
sleepover with your friend right and you
guys are both brushing your teeth and
you guys are brushing your teeth next to
each other
do you not brush your teeth longer just
to show them that you have better
hygiene
I've never you've never had a sleepover
with a friend but honestly I wish all my
friends were like this I would just let
me come over for 20 minutes and vlog
well they don't need you because you
actually go over there and he how them
Oh cuz I like him yeah yeah bye Gaby
thanks for letting me blog with you you
know acting staff makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik any
otherwise why do you always end the
blogs
Eliza's all the outros are at Liza's
they're always on the beige couch I
can't end up with Alex Alex isn't funny
and he's stupid he's talentless it sucks
ending it with Alex Alex trucks yeah
Alex trucks i-5 fuck's your problem
