David hurry up we gotta go Thank You
Candace how much work I have this okay I
have this they're both black shirts
another won't do another option okay I
have this oh oh I like that one like
that yeah
Hey what happened
my dad gave me a bunch of cocaine she's
drinking several men drinking a disease
or upper lips medication used to treat a
disease
and that's some hot water right Gabi are
you a lot of smoke inside the auditorium
yes she walks away back to her what are
you doing
he's watching us let me try today I go
hi
it's like we're gonna do right now like
we can't tattoo hi zoo animals oh my god
do that whatever bull SAP upset I'm an
asset you want to be in the vlog that's
all she gets
yeah were you making our out - there was
just one little girl lauda c-13
'if a hundred percent got the best care
dude I got a smokers emergency mug cuz I
love coffee but yo on the backsides got
an ashtray let's talk about how Cory
shear bulked up just for the vine holy
cow that is like the size of somebody's
penis not mine
Gabi said she has a song for me and now
we're not I wish you would tell me
Travis Anna pork it sucks washing your
hands at hotels but they have
complimentary silk bars
it's amazing these things were great
wait David
that's the so far you are so silly yeah
I'm recording the gal expire give it
games I like you you're cool but no it's
always hey you're the gonna hate gays
come on eat game this is the best day of
my life
oh my god it's riding with us wait can
we say hi they're kicking us out kidding
good why why to the right all right
believe me here look at the picture oh
thank you to spider monkey book also
looking queuing there Spanky do that
look like eat move it I've got a
cigarette though I am right and iron a
vine competition to see who makes the
best line and this is our lives
why exelon Sentaro right and these
things right here look at these these
are snack bars overpriced super
expensive how much is the water liza a
water is $8 david we're gonna teach you
how to get free water there's a sensor
in here and if you move anything from
the minibar for 25 seconds then you're
gonna get charged come on we broke the
glass without some well we gotta get
charged oh that's a very large thanks
for watching dakota make sure you like
subscribe tweet me at david open your
eyes please this is what Liza did to me
this weekend she poked me in the eye I'm
sorry
huh I am sorry I was just poking fun at
you not yet I guess
the
