keep not his two muscles we're all going
to charity thing because we love free
food they give the food to the homeless
people that's know it's for the Red
Cross you know there's a red carpet oh
can I record in here it's for my
documentary all right yeah
have you ever murdered anyone I guessed
it right didn't I
I hit the nail mahat yeah yes let me
tell you something I just want time
about the charity we're going to you
know we're actually good JT yeah oh I
got got a raggedy Hoss we're going there
Christmas friend funny though what is
humming Debbie baby you can call her
stupid though just kidding multitasking
they bitch they loan cry talk all the
time say a bitch they don't know
seriously I have a start-up on each one
how old do you think I am whatever was
on Sage when I was you son my son is
about your age okay this is actually a
hit shoe dog I call it my son he's four
years old the dog here he's about your
age my jovial fella written kind of
depressed right now he's depressed he's
depressed why because he was the only
chick magnet now his company with Bernie
Sanders
okay are we
we're talking while my son Julian forgot
our dog
I call it my son but you know what I
mean he's always Julia Gabby's are in
Sofia Gabi's okay he already knows what
kind of a person Jeff is uber driver
wasn't even the uber driver knows to
make economy in the ball to be due Carly
met one party
why is it so dark in here I came in here
to vlog and it's honestly so dark we're
probably gonna take our business
elsewhere
oh it's too bright oh nice try though I
don't want to be next to that truck you
can be part of the documentary though
what documentary it's one I'm making for
school to school project
you haven't school what do you mean I'm
not in school he's in school what what
do you mean for what for some filming's
unit United filming you're an orphan
yeah no way I've got an orphan since I
was five he's got really big really oh
you guys I used to say that like
jokingly say that you don't get a lot of
you guys were pissed because we bought
that Mouse and we let him go and you
said he was a domesticated Mouse which
she was not here's a feeder Mouse so
he's about to get eaten by a snake so we
gave him a chance at life he fucking bit
me
he bit Alex so what we did is we bought
a snake and we gave the mouse a
20-minute head start and then let the
snake go right after so technically we
saved him and became a bigger chance for
the 20 minutes of David see you gonna go
busy boyfriend in Florida
what boyfriend in Florida my friend in
Florida it's a joke right Alex dealer
boyfriend no do you know I don't have a
boyfriend I was just a joke Alex tell
her you were kidding
Alex tell her it's not true it's not
true no tell her like you mean it dude
like you mean it dude no everybody gonna
miss most about me let me guess
my kiss is know when you put Vicks
VapoRub under my nose and then you kiss
it
no do you remember that I guess you're
kissing me shiver just thinking about
that that's a videos off base you're
watching Mallory makes you like a
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
Alex I'll see you later I'm going to
Florida ah bye dude yeah
wait who is driving the car
Oh
