how's Coachella Scotty all right
someone's a little Molly bout where you
do mouth not in doing yeah I can tell
because your reflexes are slower catch
this you worked at toddler with red hair
Wow and I'm like do you is your hair red
because you work here and I'm like yeah
I love my job stop my partner here you
never give me a fucking thing you said
gets hit by a parking meter how would
you get hit by one of these right dude
so i'm keiko in florida me and my mom
went inside and I thought the cookie for
complimentary stations of eating one
she's like honey nostra dog I mean fuck
who thought they were for Alex I wear a
pet cone we just learned these mice are
used for snakes to bean right these mice
snakes eat them yeah yeah so what we're
gonna do we're not which one do you
think deserves a second chance
all the girls love baklava one bat well
don't know they're 4 bucks yeah Wow we
should literally buy all of them could
you imagine by Oliver I returned to my
oh is this him like is this him in real
life you put him on your shirt no it's
not oh it's his ex-girlfriend so now
it's probably awkward wearing that shirt
dude you really have to clean your car
why dude there's a fucking Mausam we
were kicked out of in and out
I don't think it was because of him I
think was because me thank you bye
no it was in our burger and we felt
really weird shake it she came up for
fat as you guys can have a picture and
Scott goes yeah with the mouse Scott
already feels replaced yes yes yeah he's
home
please home doesn't even care he's so
spoiled
who cares about Sharon Stone who knew
this mouse has a share in the film's ban
we basically saved his life he was about
to begin by snake everyday we basically
buy a rod and we show him around a
Hollywood and we feed into a snake and
we're very popular for saving animals we
reserve the right to refuse service to
anyone so he had to be here buddy the
moment we've all not wanted to wait for
all right little best friends going home
the thing about our best friend is he's
the most important thing to us and we
need him forever so we're gonna think
about him as long as we can bye buddy
David yeah you guys were all pray bye
buddy thank you for the memories bye
buddy
hope you find you down Gaby said she has
something to show me what is it hey
Shawn
what is it not my fan mail I get this
adorable painting I can't wait to hang
it well Ned oh my god so he's got fan
mail in my field box is a weird that I
let your last match in here just like
that mad it wasn't like a weird thing
was it like a weird like a monkey thing
you know that was I told you what that
was before I'm sure you did it what is
it that's rubbing my boyfriend in high
school he gave it to me you cannot have
a boyfriend in high school you never had
a boyfriend give you a box of matches he
ever said when I remember in my darkest
days just light it and know that he's
there but how could you possibly have a
match leftover then what was the match
for is it actually anything special I
just like stole a bunch of them Russia
you steal yo what's up guys I'm gonna go
ahead and take the reigns right now and
the thunderstorms Hey
we did a video on my channel the baby's
gonna be linked in the description I
haven't seen it yet she hasn't seen it
yet we have an entity yet but if it's
anything like my other videos it's
probably gonna be really terrific you're
gonna say terrible you boldly with that
one nice very sock thanks for watching
Lauren makes you like subscribe dreamy
at david dobrik
a lot of you guys thought lies and I
were in a kiss something else dad good
what would a lot of you guys thought
that Gabe and I were gonna kiss because
it's 4:20 and that's that right this
isn't like a winter solstice the moon
isn't aligned yet you guys shouldn't
have such high expectations haha
