it's like ridiculously nice outside
right now so I'm going to show everyone
how to ruin a perfectly good day hi it's
that easy
how is everything
I don't know everything's pretty good
what does that even I said no you're in
there you can scare it over that's all
Wow way to go buddy did you get her
number
go go go dude Alex go get her number
go get him Alex Alex stop flirting stop
it
oh that's that's gross I don't like hair
play I've made David promise that I
would be the vlogs every vlog for the
next two months since he's been such a
bad friend lately two months so this is
this is my punishment literally like
going to prison a lot of people in the
blogs have been commenting that their
mom Spinks and a lot what would you do
if your mom spanked you know both what
would you do if your mom spanked you
about this baby all the time
is it cuz you're misbehaving or cuz
you're ugly no what do you look for in
boys I never had answered this question
funny you don't have to answer it funny
just what do you look for in a guy I
literally don't look for anything if a
boy shows me attention I'm like oh my
god would you date a fan literally
turned off forever I said that this is
wrong caught up I just wanna like talk
about desperation inanimate objects are
rejecting me now right that was a lot of
questions are we good that exile All
Right see you later Gaby
bye bye this vlogs gonna be mostly me
and David because books are David and I
because we're not go to Coachella why do
we want to go tell the David go -
Penelope's beat all the tracks Liza and
I are working on a video for her channel
yeah it's not out yet we're here are
some sneak peeks have you noticed that
everyone in California is just gorgeous
actually seriously they have like
perfect bodies that's how I know you
belong here oh because there needs to be
someone to break that stereotype what
Wow why people can't make a beat out of
anything
what do you mean white people can make a
beat out of anything eyes and that's
what I knew that it was time to be a
white person who can make up beat out of
anything
finished perfect you did make a bead out
of anything all right we just used these
beats for my video and I don't know what
to do with them she's gonna go beat
somebody with it
are you throwing them out yeah all right
wait Liza Liza don't drop them don't
drop up wrap it hard that's Rene's walk
thanks watching Lindsey makes you like
subscribe tweeting a favorite dobrik
anything else add like um yeah what are
you doing here I was just helping him
with the outro you
okay well I'm here so who do you think
you are oh you didn't um I'm his
girlfriend um I'm his girlfriend
I don't think so thank God I'm not in
this did you are you all right you look
really good thank you
you're good looking going to thank you
but no I mean like you have a good
person out you're funny her needs to do
Vicki I really appreciate about we can
talk like that I'm sorry do you really
keep too long yeah you're pretty cute
fun time
