you don't have a simply yeah I got fat
injection so that it doesn't the Badger
can see from here to my butt what's a
fan Jack you think that's back from your
belly and put in your butt now you see a
badge actions but it went through my
crap dude I think I just backed up into
somebody sorry are you okay I had no
idea is everybody okay Jesus Christ
blood on your hands
what happened oh hi guys so every time
we go to vardhan's house all he does is
talked about the pink pony that I have
in a bunch of my videos and I figure
that's about time I surprised him with
the pink breast this is Christmas time I
have a little surprise for you today
leave this room it's very messy
go to hide in their room
Jonah let's pull it out we ran into some
problems
hi guys come on out
don't open til I said to open your eyes
it's okay if you're embarrassed you're
the only one that can that can get on
them because you're small horse squeals
and dies you go Eric enjoy your Armenian
holiday I never even asked you I'm sort
of partial to Flag Day yeah cuz I have
some money now and I don't get late
Jason that's your only problem I love
hanging out with you but put your
stomach through a lot this past year
there was so intensive to make a hat
just to prove to people that's how you
know you're some hot water when you how
to print something on a hat to show
everybody that you're a different person
one girl in your life that got away not
away yeah unfortunately none of them
Trisha Paytas
he really makes extra Jason realize I
don't know my my friend his friend never
called me after and then all that we sum
up a lot like not even plug he would
just come over at like 1:00 in the
morning early no more questions about of
the was good and I wasn't podcasting
yeah so I was like going on this girl I
really like tonight it was not me and I
was like I know that you are this one of
the group because he was banging all
these other people I was banging all
these other people finally not about on
it you want to be with Jason now you
gotta break up with your boyfriend thing
it's not a thing if you're fucking crazy
let's get some code Chris I see Sabrina
miss you like subscribe to it yeah David
or everybody already left town for
Christmas all I have is cheeky now I
don't really even out try dia so I'm
just gonna have cheeky say whatever she
was anything else bad cheeky yeah that
was a crazy
guys the reindeer that you saw at the
beginning of the video is in my reindeer
but it's Scotts reindeer and it's gonna
be these music videos so go subscribe
this channel cuz the music video comes
out tomorrow
