hope to my humble boobs I am actually
preparing my father David house girl
coach all in the morning so I never go
visit his drug dealer so he has enough
Maui for the weekend
dude shut the fuck house is a cable
they're just watch out man anything oh
my god you should have warned a man can
we can sue those guys go all over Monday
saying dude this guy told me oh I will
fuck you up I will do it's so scared you
got back from presents I almost wonder
where I was at it's got locked up where
customers sad that you were missing I
had some good doing what selling
medicine
howsomever bought medicine from down
about Tylenol months oh this is the
first time we're seeing hours drive Alex
you scared come on let's go apart car
boy don't she isn't a goth Liza Charles
looks guy I don't look I'm literally
wearing a red lipstick yeah sad red
lipstick yeah but what you're saying is
that you feel like I don't hang out with
you because I hang out flies are too
much Sachin I don't think that you hang
out flies are too much I think that in
your time away from Liza you don't
prioritize me could it be that maybe I
found lies and I realized wow there's
some girls out there that are actually
cool
you look really sad when i zoom into
your face when i zoom in let me try
well you look really sad too do I really
how was it the jungle book yeah it was
why are you jokester I know I'm gonna
have put your glasses back I want you
just put it back come back come back
let me see isn't it maybe this one I
guess I'll just keep on yeah let's go oh
this is driving with Liza let's go
lyza nya grocery star Ralph's free
spring Liza I'm not going to freeze
frame everything you - yeah great prices
on spirits a spirit oh my god
Oh party spirit you really want to get
down there yeah why cuz I'm crying for
what do you be you wanted some
strawberries no babe they're white oh oh
you want being part of the dark side
right yes please you have to answer some
questions okay do you like the dark huh
this can be your life do you want this
to be your life yes wait it's already a
part of your life yeah the light turns
on them no way why wouldn't you tell me
before we start blogging that I look
like an amoeba
you know what I mean bus turn into
though right frogs
dude amoeba is bacteria oh dude you just
gonna be better than a tadpole yes
that's what it was
wait you're not gonna use this cuz it
makes you look so stupid right yes
that's one of this wait you're editing
this that's the videos outro make sure
that today's life takes for a chick
Karen wish you liked subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik anything else to add
liza like five more seconds because this
vlogs only four minutes and 15 seconds
long
