what's your favorite thing to do
together blog establishing shot IKEA
free spring I think you're in the corner
and i straight-up thought I was a soccer
ball
IKEA taught me a lot of things you can
do it all yourself you don't have to
give a dream don't reach for it give go
go boy
I can't the cannon it looked like it was
gonna suck me up you do it you do it
yeah oh is this good eggs Austin yeah
yeah hey like sex up there see it's hard
it's hard that's near the gum my liver
yeah I got let me see
got it thanks let's go one Andy's home
but you can't get back to your shelf oh
I get it
three times once upon a time there were
these two people we'll just call them
mmm David and Gaby well they hung out
all the time he would text her every day
and say what are you doing let's hang
out come over knock on my door we're
going target adventures we would go to
screenings together and then one day
Gaby introduced David to this crow named
Liza and then they never talked to her
again the end what yeah I'm coming Liza
wants me home
if you later Rob I have a good one
that's the pun I hate when people I
could do this for funds orange you glad
that this is a grapefruit are you
serious
oh I just saw the psychic twins and they
told me that I'm gonna get married and
have two kids you just saw him and I
told you that okay so what we learn from
this the psychic twins are liars
where'd you said that I said on purpose
dude is the crazy that you three are
going to Coachella and I'm not do drugs
and you won't be able to vlog it knock
knock who's there
onion onion who on you glad I didn't say
something else other than onion on you
are you gonna do pot at Coachella I'm
gonna do potassium somebody bring lies
are back we are having a hard time you
already got a lot of time I did nothing
a lot up I didn't get any this is some
arguing about who gets to do this fine
this is a no you wanna see how these
things are tied up man you know you just
gotta be free to be free it's a big I
haven't made that up not you so it
doesn't matter dude
stop stop guy dude everything in here is
frozen
oh so annoying I got the biggest
headache right now maybe she just taking
advil dude that'll help you with your
headache I just want the headache to a
legally sane let him do the pun when
they analyze I make a plan of the
grocery circle lies and I are doing a
live Q&A on my statue right now we're
gonna open the questions we're gonna
answer right away
what bearson Gresham was hey guys it's
David oh boy oh boy is your favorite
thing about each other
her hair your nostrils her hair and her
nostrils you're off hmm nostril hater a
lot of famous couples hybrid their names
would you guys be live adored Aiza
probably stupid a couple what do you
guys do as a cheesy couple like pizza
are you dating
Liza and if so how high 30 days lock
thanks for watching Ashley but she like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik and
Iniesta ahead like haha ah where's our
was I in your finger zone yeah
