what is the movie award we have the
famous nominated for a VNA she's
nominated for a YouTube actor award on
David watch what about he he was invited
but you can't smoke in there so give
ever in the bad news the whole vlog
things just not working out for me I
leave tomorrow I'm moving back to
Florida how long you moving back for for
10 days oh man I'm just going to hang
out family
um why go shooting fishing go shooting
your family no heat shoots his family
before I like didn't care about smoking
but now he's super serious about
everything yeah
Tom Tom tell me new champ I'm smoking
see this is my last one how are you
this sauce look dude I got a pack in the
truck Zayn told me that you want to help
me with the rack Zayn told me that he
wanted us selfie with the rock earlier
and he literally kept saying a rock a
rock Carly do you want a selfie with a
pebble damn Daniel guys can I get you
guys in my vlog real quick um how many
times you're gonna have to be the damn
Daniel thing can you do it one more time
Daniel oh we're on the red carpet for
literally an hour and the only guy I got
was the damn Daniel Dravot of the year
did you tell them who else is who Xena
jaws from David over small hey guys no
no coxswain the judge not the raw guys
that's the rock that's not the right
that's a rock that's alright Oh
yeah I'm the captain hook of showers
light sabers light sabers get you
lightsabers limit that dressed all of it
I don't know if my feelers but all off
lights I want to forget anybody allies
and I just saw chef Ryan Reynolds was
sitting here in Seoul tonight and this
is his popcorn trash I've tried what
does it taste like what does it taste
like Deadpool do it what just getting
ready to say I love my parents I just
got off the phone with them and that's
the first thing that came out you get a
haircut I don't know you know hey
Carly's been you guys are my TV oh my
god you guys see that
hi to the camera
I turn the camera
what's wrong with your face right now
what's wrong with your face
no what's going on Liza yeah I think you
may be put toilet paper on your face on
accident Andy what mm-hmm
picking up Alex from the airport it's
kinda like picking up your dry cleaning
it's like really cool and useful the
first day but then like the second day
it's kind of like yeah I should probably
take it back now uber for a cutie pie
look people got so pissed and I said
you're moving you're going to see your
girlfriend Alaska does he really have a
girlfriend does he really have a
girlfriend are you guys dog since you've
been gone I should give you some updates
uh uh he quit smoking bra brand new
shoes cuz I'm gonna start balding dude
we can ball together I don't wanna cry
what no ball in basketball oh look you
hear that my Luther King died no fucking
way
yeah Jesus one of your friends told me
that uh you let your dog lick peanut
butter off your balls yeah what friend
told you that uh what are your friends
for me yeah okay there's no way they
could have saw that I had to Renee's
walk thanks for watching Seth makes you
like subscribe three me at david dobrik
Alex I'm in the aisle Stan give one kid
for the children go one tip to the
children
don't put your tip in chill shit I don't
know oh oh
