I really really screwed up I don't even
have a funny intro quick warning before
the video starts if you guys don't like
q and a's don't watch the rest of this
video hey guys I screwed up big-time
I deleted on my vlog footage it was an
accident I was stupid I'm gonna recap
everything that happened so you really
don't miss anything
we all went to Universal Studios Harry
Potter world Gabi started twerking which
totally could have been a thumbnail
heathrow shirt that said Hufflepuff on
it and he's like Hufflepuff pop you know
you know if heath Megan had a really
high voice Scotty wasn't in the vlog so
technically it was just like a normal
vlog day to recover for this vlog time
I'm gonna do a quick Q&A I hate Q&A with
all my life but I'm gonna do it cuz I'm
desperate right now
I want to answer the question seriously
though because if I joke around then you
don't get the answers the questions that
you guys wanted okay here we go first of
all let me address this question why
don't you make your vlogs longer I
cannot make my vlogs longer I record for
like 50 minutes a day I put it into four
minutes in 20 seconds you can't go
longer than four minutes cuz it would be
super boring and I know some of you guys
don't care but I care I'm not parking
okay all my vlog footage got deleted
no one cares how was the first time you
saw Liza it was awesome it was cool we
met in a party there's pizza there's
alcohol but we couldn't drink alcohol so
we bonded over not being able to drink
the alcohol are you and Liza actually
dating are you kidding me yes we're
dating we've been dating since November
28th I have no idea how that isn't
obvious enough yet but that's okay
whatever am i a dog or a cat person
neither I'm large dogs hamburgers cats
the only person I'm okay with his Alex
but that's just because I take Clara ten
around him guilty pleasure deleting my
vlog footage who inspired you make vlogs
it actually lies out lies that a camera
and I looked at and I'm like this is
really cool I like watching myself I
know it sounds really weird I mean it
doesn't sound weird just like me being
conceited but that's what got me going
into vlogs pet peeve I don't have a pet
name peeve I used to have pet bunnies
but they weren't named peeve what is
Liza and yours ship name probably
Titanic
how long has Zane hated gays I don't
know what vlogs you're watching kid some
of your favorite youtubers 100% my
favorite youtuber is Casey nice tat if
you guys don't know you guys have to
check them out best vlogs on YouTube
this Liza jealous about you being in
love with Alex I really hope it doesn't
get in the way of our relationship but I
do think that there's a little jealousy
where is that girl that steals your
vines I think Abby's at home right now
I'm not sure how do you see yourself in
10 years at least 50 pounds heavier a
lot of you guys are asking me if you
guys could be Alex's new girlfriend
guys Alex is super easy literally
lightpost can date Alex I once again I'm
sorry for delay in the footage I'm gonna
try to not make that happen again
but now I'm going to continue the rest
of the vlog like it was supposed to this
is the next day I don't know how much
time is left but yeah let's see you guys
later bye bye
motherfucker looks so disgusting can you
guys give me some good relationship
advice date someone who's a little
different than you so that you guys have
cool stuff to talk about so she's like a
really smart thing
good night hey a lot of the people that
watch these vlogs are really young so
they have no idea where babies come from
you actually have to reveal where they
come from
show them know she has a stork in her
pants when you guys have your own kids
one day what are you guys gonna name
them Excalibur cuz I'm gonna pull them
out myself what if it's a girl
Picabo I still David's camera so Dave's
been wanting to do a dream sequence in
the vlogs and doesn't want to pay for
the iMovie effect so I figured out a
homemade way to do it now we're gonna
enter David's dream are we in my dream
yeah
where are you the girl of eugene's
that's ever days like thanks watching
Danielle makes you like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik i mean you know
sad eyes you look here in the hospital
bed what's your condition
you
whoa
