hey what's up a year-round speaker right
you're scaring me drink away the blog
yeah did you really want to be scared
yeah I asked you to so I said thanks
when I got scared I was up
Thanks so it's heats birthday today we
brought Liza's birthday cake here
because we're on a budget and we can't
fight heat some new cake don't come out
here
we'll call you out yo happy birthday to
your birthday to you happy birthday to
come out Sekhmet up what you wish for
more cigs
oh my god I can't even put this on the
thumbnail gooo probably will scare away
kids this is to Heath may have at least
two more years left with all that
smoking you guys and what are you
drinking David water Cheers
look special I know what's going on my
fucking neck man
how old are you actually thinks I'm like
37 I'm 23 how would you think you're
gonna be next year dad those are weird
thighs those are the he hates gays socks
collection you saleable at Target of
alpha target I wish people commented he
hates gays on my Instagram
oh god what first that's how I gotta
tattoo first the CK wait want to seek a
stamp for Thank You Lee come on killer
what does that even mean it's art gang
yeah it's your gang we run a game when
we're like 1718 and how many of you guys
have that tattoo to us so that's not
much of a game but we're so gay baby
what are you guys doing the game just
hate dicks beat up people there why are
you roommates with Zane Len we beat him
up oh this is really easy to beat up
I respect you not me it's got a good one
going it starts smoking three months ago
and now it's like he doesn't even exist
guys Liza's in a bad mood yeah David
because it's not like poop in your
apartment
Liza we just slept your apartment yeah
remember Marie in this elevator and I
called you beautiful and you're like
that's not going on the vlog because no
I knew you were dating yeah it was just
like a little sign to me in the blog
domain being you knew what we were
talking about but not everybody knows
cuz the secrets out that you're pregnant
yeah I gotta get some deodorant which
one's your favorite oh yeah you do
didn't you run out like three weeks ago
no I actually haven't run out yeah yeah
I think I'm literally a different person
in everything on social media what do
you mean on my vines and a three year
old and then on your vlogs all right
sorry I could say that based on my bike
okay barkins do me a favor and answer my
DMS and pay me to predict bark fence oh
that is a bark that's what they taste
like
unless you DM me and pay me to promote
your product why is it will cook you on
look that cookie says it's just sugar
that could be good get it get it get
giving it these are good I don't know
they could be what right a lot
oh my god is that shit that was a waste
of money
that's my next vlog they start to Casey
with what you guys got done through the
other guys don't have to buy yourself
anything else to add game dick ask
yourself that question that was a good
one I'm gonna use this one
