I want to come talk to you wanna shower
yeah just what you want it looks like
any figure that I was gonna be got a
life they were fight yeah let's go where
Carly space analysis no one's ever seen
my purse it is a table fall there's no
one never know
is it actually yeah I was only $20 so
this is me and Zeta meet when my first
started look how good he looks
oh man Zayn let's go we gotta go coming
Jesus
Zayn geez look up what was that dude
what is this thing there's no way is
that Oh surprise Kylie oh yeah it's like
every Saturday actually so this is how
you have sex why do you have a tanner
one that was that one out in the Sun
more this one has a spray tan feel like
I when you catch them texting oh come on
dude I don't like being scared next time
for dead walking first and maybe he'll
scare me I'm calling because in my
ticket I'm trying to get it figured out
they hired viewers chicken the world to
do the little like greeting but
automated greeting I can't understand
what she's saying
she says to press some button and I
don't know what Biden she saw me
depressed otherwise press you what did
you say to my like bless you why can't
they hire the envelop entry girl to do
that part lies is not here right now I'm
gonna pull a prank on her when she gets
back Liza loves drinking milk and she
loves farmers more than anything I'm
gonna take
we hate lies there's a break it's a
prank it's just a prank break I wrote
that there ya know it's a joke so stupid
this is do disclose on fucking yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
whereas bracket faster than I ever have
how does it feel Oh amazing it feels
like the highest I've ever been alright
that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching Jordan make sure you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik I
mean y'all said Liza
coming from
