I smoke too much crystal what's
Christophe it's the girl that you met on
time pussy back yeah put that in there
I actually just put it in the value so
stressed out because I don't have my
eyebrows on and you're recording me you
don't like I don't like but I put in
like I don't like it my eyes are tearing
up your eyes will turn on my bad you gay
yeah when we're recording and doing
stuff like this I literally keep going
until you go there go I gotta stop ha ha
ha so you're cool with like me making
fun of your voice all right
have you seen a couple of the vlogs so
you know what heat does right have you
considered taking up smoking because of
it Meghan fuck out of my house Megan
stop see ya
stop yeah go but for me 200 feet Mary
Kay no just putting down and spongebob
turned into a clown is no good
through who in it ripped his pants no
same they got free ice wow it's like
feeding sugar cubes to a horse here yeah
Sierra can I put you my documentary yeah
sure
cool she said okay now we're gonna trash
on as you can't sue me
pleasant challenge is twelve legs in six
minutes and I'm honest on you can't wipe
your face you can't wipe your hands
you can't drink anything give it a few
ways you get a free t-shirt and bragging
rights did you really try to someone
bragging rights like it was like you
used to be like I won the Blazers having
sweet talks with a camera all right
about hottest wings this guy's crazy for
eating this sauce hell yeah 3 2 1 come
on babies oh my god Alex for something
your eyes wipe your eyes my god damn
that's a fly in like three hours it
wasn't that hot it's like I'm crying
because you guys are so stable from this
is my final conversation with Alex
before he departs to go see his
girlfriend in Alaska I'm not going to
Alaska where you guard that was a fake
is left of her though all of my laughs
are fake dude big deal so am i I was ask
you this question what are you gonna
miss most about me oh and I always say
the same goddamn thing you're kissing Oh
what do you want to be when you're older
35 what
35 35 years old have you ever thought
about I don't know what I want to say
because I don't assign rude
one paddy training okay I'm sorry I know
you're gonna go like that what's the
problem with potty training that gets
you like nervous about it I don't know
I'm just like I'm not ready to be like
hey I did it you know it's not that I
want you to get potty trained
it's more of that I want you to clean up
your diaper see if anybody's gonna have
diapers laying around his fucking dog
the only reason that when I've diapers
lying around is because the girl he just
had sex with forgot to take oh Jesus no
that's a Renee's vlog thanks Watson
Daisy makes you like a subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik Alex you know a
couple days ago we were standing the
elevator and I told you that you were my
best friend and then I said I was
kidding mm-hmm I actually meant it
really I'm gonna miss you dude miss you
too buddy
ever say fight Thanks hey whitter ha ha
April Fool Alex
against you
damn it treats you
