oh my god the elevators out of order
well rearrange it and put it in order
you had bronchitis he gave it to me nah
are you sure wasn't the cigarette your
fucking cigarettes oh oh but you're
Maddie how you gonna act if you meet
like a follower that like really likes
your stuff I'm honestly thinking about
just bringing a carton and passing out
six elephants you get cigarettes in
unison I'm waivers cuz they're underage
you'd land an underage kid smoke oh yeah
that's all husband's for a moment say
every fucking comment is just why do you
hate gays you're a homophobe stop
smoking stop drinking I started smoking
because of you Scottie told me that you
change his ringtone for me I'm gonna
hear it now it better be special this is
it let's see it
ahaha what's the picture do you like it
why don't you take that picture today
we're gonna combine a subway sandwich
and a chipotle burrito Chipotle burrito
to Subway sandwich you really just
wanted to be here I wanted to be in the
vlog Scotty just went and got two
sandwiches just the bread just there's
nothing inside and it was only five
dollars each no neither bread no meat no
veggie is that a bad deal so we're gonna
take the mixture call a
which sucks you guys his idea what the
subway was really dumb if you're gonna
mix Chipotle you got to mix it with
something good if you really wanted
something good you get like a little bit
of a chipotle sauce on it
oh this is basketball we let it cool is
your helmet I was walking like this
sure basketball is my favorite sport I
like the way to dribble up and down the
court come on I keep it so fresh on the
microphone I like no interruption when
the game is okay I like scrambler to
take me to the room yeah favorite place
is the alley oop I like to pick it wrong
I like to get thing going it's
basketball
fuck why are you opposed to being a
couple like are you embarrassed we're
talking being a couple that we're just
talking about going to the gym as a
couple like seriously are you
embarrassed of me like I don't
understand what it is because I'm
overweight if I got a gym member you
hate her cuz she's fat Jesus first of
all gave you not fat I've thrown away so
many opportunities for you like I could
have an amazing eye and I threw it away
because of you I drew an amazing guy
that's what got me by the talent for her
in a bad mood huh David said that women
who can't see same thing as men what
Gaby's been a bad girl you're the right
to remain silent anything you want to
say you can say it's Alex in bed later
when you guys are cuddling hey stop I
know you guys would love it if I had to
stay here
she has a good point grab a bottle of
alcohol and hold it like you're about to
drink and go it's right there there
right that shit's people not even woven
up hold it she's not old enough to drink
but he's holding alcohol didn't we are
there no this is the his first time I
never drank in my life yeah see you want
to hold it hold it give it them ha ha ha
have you ever drank alcohol Alex how old
are you
right so when was your first beer
thought about 3 years ago yeah he's he's
not okay no it's no secret handshake
gonna be a part of it I just wanted all
beavers okay I hired that guy about five
minutes ago to say he wants gummy bears
that's Renee's vlog thanks for watching
Molly makes you like subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik where is she hi I've
been searching everywhere and I can't
seem to find
Rolly Rolly Rolly Rolly
you
