our lives at the grocery store she
doesn't know that I'm here now I'm gonna
get her was really
oh it's national puppy day so Alex and I
are going to a place where apparently
they give you puppies spinning more
circles oh that's amazing Alex you
haven't had this many wieners around you
since last night talk about total sauce
want a treat boy
treat treat boys good boy Alex right now
is putting his hand on a Batmobile and
the person that keeps him the longest on
the car gets to go to the premiere of
the new Batman movie coincidentally I'm
here and Alex has been standing here for
four hours of 20 minutes yeah if there's
no prize there's just embarrassing
themselves no I'm good three two one Wow
can you see a few prizes one here you
say for what it could be yeah ladies
Alex ended up winning a GoPro for and I
think a couple days ago he returned his
GoPro for cuz we hate hit right here you
see a real winner walking with his
brand-new GoPro for what was that I kept
my hands I'm a Batmobile for four and a
half hours for a GoPro fuckin for to
celebrate Alex now go to college
it's a little too quiet maybe
everybody's studying or studying were
you guys smoking weed now they're
studying oh yeah I have an emergency so
glad I got a whole view it was a huge
fire all the doors are locked
okay you're gonna save us this guy's
about to go use the bathroom
good luck dude no problem we got nicer
since last time
can I interview you guys yeah he's
looking for a new girlfriend right yeah
but I'm looking for the girlfriend it's
best fit so would any of you guys want
to participate in being his girlfriend
what is that what does that require
probably a lot of kisses right sorry I
like a lot of kisses of those like
videos no this is just a picture run
blood picked up with only time oh god
you're crazy
you got it oh my name we didn't have
champagne weird yes look at this
building right here okay a kid in my
frat was fucking a girl on the very top
and there's a huge crowd watching
honestly I'm not kidding that's just
custom probably really nervous other it
is what's he doing why is he seeing you
shirt up what to do push-ups he's
definitely doing push-ups
Alex what's going on baby you must not
know I mean you're working must not know
about me I can have another sister I
know my sister oh you got in Liza have
fun your sorority story drops so quick
let me try to push each other into the
bush can we do this
hey guys see that stupid I'm gonna be
relationship that's everyday dog thanks
for watching Jasmine makes you like and
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik oh
there's open anything else at Hell there
why do you Liza oh now you have
something to have gosh ups and downs I
tired out would you do anything for me
buy a big diamond ring for me would you
get down on your knees for me
you
