shot here you know Sam we're just
chillin her Walmart he's got a brand new
hat he thinks he's a fireman we're about
to what get oh my god you okay dude all
right now so like whatever I say just
disregard it completely yes damn daubers
really funny
whoa I turned it on you I've never seen
you actually make fun of me yes Bravo
good job dude but you're actually really
funny I'd say that's really flattering
but it's coming from you so really
doesn't mean much Oh David don't work
makes a bomb has big Nick joke back at
it again hey spongebob back now that
you're back you want to just start off
with some quick puns
what do something with that do something
with that what is it that just do
something with it hey David I can't read
it it's too far
mushy I'm trying to make fun okay what's
the pond I need to go get a cart wheel I
don't just use it uh looks like it I got
you a cart wheel get it cuz the cart did
a cartwheel did you see that
so let's say I have to me uh-huh let's
say I lose this tomato Oh No okay then I
have an extra one yeah
what would you call it uh I don't know I
don't know a spare I guess he was like
that was a stretch you like it that's
pretty bad right she's cute so she gets
away with this I doesn't have a common
thing but honestly what do you do
together what do you do to get hair like
that and that forms into a 6-pack I can
see everybody in the comic definitely
wanna see Joe more what if Joe replaces
Alex I could see that and can you think
you can replace Alex Oh
shots fired said Alex doesn't do
anything I was gonna do the Alex would
never do that you're so cool Joe Wow we
loved oh we loved Joe we love Joe we
love Joe we love Joe dude what the fuck
why was your door lock I was laying down
watching uh Netflix what kind of a movie
was it um really good like people think
your name is Keith no I know everybody
fucks it up all the time I get I get
Keith Health ugly oh my god Luke like
Alex why didn't you tell us you got a
nerf Brandi oh okay this was a while ago
hey guys thanks for watching make sure
to tweet me at David Dover can I take my
spot first let me say what's up guys can
we show you a joke there you go hmm
I'm young nice right good thank you guys
Joe is the improved version of you it's
not worth dragging you around when
there's a better-looking version have
you seen this just have you seen this
Chester Joe show Alex your chest Erica
see I don't think he believes us check
this out
like geez check this out was
don't know if you a lot of drinkies in
public a boys do I drink some brewskis
with the presence oh good that reminds
me of like home this is on us go go go
go go her parents are right there - oh
God dude some people just don't give a
damn appears for those better days a lot
thanks for watching David makes you like
to subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else dad my best friend yeah I
think what Louis I'm sorry kid
what
you
