ready yeah God let's see it up probably
need a little more alcohol delete that
part we're gonna do it again and make it
look like it was my first time okay here
we go
Billy don't delete that that's just to
boy
delete that would delete it really don't
delete it fucking - if you put that
fucking shit delete that fuck delete
that Oh
first try baby what's on your foot break
it down I got poison oak and then my
poison oak turn to an infection oh that
is horrible
not ever squirting they're not big
enough then go back into the poison oak
gonna new get a new batch only if you
get this you get the kiss heat on the
mouth do it it's a win-win if you get
bottled stun kisses oh my god oh my god
that just what I'm so nauseous I'm about
to throw up don't look like a homophobe
now it wasn't that bad
No why you turned out his message I'll
get back I look better than I still feel
it you kiss I feel his tongue on my
tongue still and what's wrong with this
tongue yeah Oh cuz I fuckin hate of
Jesus as you why do you look pretty
silly the fact that you just made out
with a dude and you still hate gays oh I
never is just like self-knowledge is
like double the you hated gays oh my god
never hated gays if I can't believe you
just admit that you hated gays I didn't
admit it then watch this I hated gays
hated gays oh he's gay I actually kind
of feel bad cuz I never put Scottie in
the vlog so Scottie
this is your big day I'm putting the box
for at least 45 seconds yeah he's what
he's Antonio man Japan uh what a plumber
oh my god dude they fucking have it do
it what is it it's a new one that just
came out with the flip top box it wore
row flip-top cigarettes home I gotta get
them oh my god he I've never seen such
broken dreams you okay but I can just
make another one tonight
watchers poop outside in the bushes like
you normally do huh-oh said you don't
poop in the bushes I'm surprising Alex
I'm gonna take him to one of his best
friend's house Alex doesn't know what
friend it is yet but you're coming keep
your eyes covered come on come on I keep
going for if you go far too much keep
him close
stop peeking you excited okay ready open
your eyes
surprise fuck I had like a funny idea
where you do were like I would like fuck
this shit out of us hmm that's for a
youtube idea yeah he's so vulgar right
he's like you think he's like seven
years old but that when he opens his
mouth it's just like what's going on who
the fuck you think you're talking to do
whoa yo Nick Stobbs
pick on someone your own size Ian loads
ice and I know my bad I wrapped my
camera in aluminum up wearing a paper
bag
it's so cute he made a camera out of ten
point but today I'm here with David
Goldberg and Allison's my good friend
UPS say hi I'm not your fucking friend
maybe when you grow up
age-wise yeah how what do you want to
become I want to become a youtuber but
let's just what's one of your favorite
pickup lines when you see a girl is your
ask for a longer because I would oh my
butt
nice what do you think your friend hugh
janus
i don't know what's the name hugh janus
yeah yeah we're interviewing this guy do
you want to be in the interview are you
guys talented I mean he's all of the
negative just as much talent as Nick
what's up that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching Kendra makes you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else at outs we just hung out
with big Nick don't expect me to talk to
you the rest of
