guy are really going no no don't get
these don't get these they're really bad
for you why they're like unavoidable
what do you mean want to apologize first
vlog I said you weren't gonna keep doing
this you did I did say that
wow what a scumbag yeah you also told me
a kiss Gabi though so you just come back
home I bet it's kind of gross yeah that
one was juicy perfect so my dad text me
David's vlogs are those on YouTube or
some others type of social media wanted
to see if he was funny don't understand
why he has so many followers mm-hmm I
think he's seen really he's not happy so
now that your dad talks for you gonna
are you gonna quit smoking adrenaline
stressing me out I really need a
cigarette
this is a season two or something right
yeah it's a season two I wanted to get a
new character you can be that guy that's
in the vlogs too much oh look that's
where you're peeing right now right yeah
you're sure - pink bathrooms right there
Scott Ian you don't have to do
everything he does to be in the vlog you
just start taking it down and you're
still out of the vlogs there's only
thinking about no you should've see him
dude he's already been here for like ten
seconds really yeah yeah I'm in the boat
you saw what it's season 2 dude
but oh my god same time almost I'm
almost halfway - how much you do you
know you have a drinking problem when
you tape your beer to your hand those
are kids I don't drop it just in case
she's in case you just sit just in case
so I don't drop it
yeah there we go he's hurt he drunk all
right fuck you that's why I needed to
tame it I still like this marble yeah
what do you want he'll deign spot No
good good show me the least we know
we're talking about dang this is good
you want to show other people and see if
there's honey can we show you a joke
yeah go do not tell me you from power
shit yang okay that was a good point
oh yes I'm with him right now we're
smoking yo pass me joy
ha ha I don't do that yeah I know
they're passing joint yeah stupid idiots
peace wonder if should get rid of the
beer I'll getting rid of it I'm going
clean shave hey I don't know he's
talking about his beard you selfish dog
Wow just cuz you can't grow one bitches
man okay hi Zane Zink it's so weird
right before dawn right when he's on
camera yeah nothing to me over like all
out always good look at it is one day of
work Heath who are you calling
Aboriginal is in Australia when did you
have your first kiss
shut the fuck up why you haven't had
your first kiss yeah no oh wait no you
had on what was that your first kiss on
the blog you said you fucking did yo Dom
people wandering in the vlogs what do
you do for a living someone commented
like is he a drug dealer and I'm like
spot-on but if I don't want to tell him
that what would I talk I sell medicine
I'm a healer what do you heal having
troubles live that's it for today's frog
that's it for today's vlog Mishu
like tweet me at david del rey thanks
for watching Brandon okay I thought I
was doing this
yeah that's it for today's vlog make
sure you like subscribe for me at David
small break yeah thanks charging
breathing Expo can watch and Brendon I
was about to say but you don't let me
finish it I cock it up I know but I'm
still gonna be your things bridge
whether it is a lockpick sriracha
Brandon makes you like subscribe drink a
favorite Oh Burt anything else a test
um fact that 12 times ago I said it
takes us 12 times to fucking do this and
now we're here
