nobody but me I see for y'all to keep
falling out every motherfucking day
that's why you ended up and anything
I'll be in this bitch Oh usually what I
was saying hey they get in fights and I
try my best to stay out of it because I
don't want to make any sudden movements
or noises because they get really mad at
me talk about my motherfuckin security
okay we may fight sometimes we may get
along this guy right here is my fucking
best friend wait let's do something with
this uh orange tree make like an orange
pun
okay well do something with like the
bananas bananas oh look it's an orange
tree ooh big deal you caught me spying
on Liza not like I'm trying to be like
her in every way shape or form she's an
amazing person aren't you
orange you glad I'm not trying to be
like Liza I don't know if it's just me
but I think girly has like an unhealthy
obsession with me Liza what's the secret
to amazing eyebrows well it's an art
David is it Crayola there's like colored
pencil chips I feel oh my god I'm sorry
I'm so Carly no I'm not gonna copy Liza
what do you mean don't you think your
eyebrows are kind of the same at this
point no what do you mean kid I can't do
it anymore you can't be in the bogs
anyway why cuz my parents started
watching the blog my mom texted me like
freaking out like saying like she she
thinks I'm like going down like the
wrong path you can still be in the vlogs
but if you just stop doing drugs and
smoking alright yeah that's what I have
to do um so you see you done with
smoking and and all that with drinking
smoking everything okay cool awesome mom
if you're you're out there watching I
just want you to know your your little
boys done with all the
the drinking the smoking perfect got it
that's a wrap on heat guys sweet you
worked hard buddy deserve it if there's
something in my eye tonight well it's a
really big night hey which I it I wanted
this oh my god Sam and Gabby are you
kidding me you know what are you guys
doing she's canceling ah hi are you guys
dating Gabby and I we've been a thing
for a while me and Dane no never are you
kidding me
butterflies like you've you ever had
butterflies in your stomach or someone
that's how I feel right now he's
disgusting he's a horrible human being
he smells bad her smell it's like
running through the flowers basically
what I'm trying to say is that's fucking
ugly not I'm so fuckin luli I'm in love
with her
hey I'm gonna grab a pic buy anything I
can eat oh yeah I'm starving let's go Oh
Liza you want gummy yeah did Liza steal
my best friend from me uh I don't know
could I lose 20 pounds did I steal David
from Daddy
no did I buy a boyfriend do I pay David
to date yeah all right David never puts
anything batteries on the box
always something guys every time what
about something that's a little bit
weird you always say like you
so true quad if we hadn't at this walk
it would look a lot different I bet you
he's doing that right now it's recording
I'm so so amazing oh hi Tommy is it all
right now right now we see we see oh you
did hitting me look at that way oh no
open the door open the door wait hold on
I'm confused who is editing these wait
who am I talking to this looks cool can
I be one of these hey guys my name's
Scotty Symetra for today's vlog thanks
for watching Megan makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else at Eliza it's the
hundredth blog you guys wanted to see
lies the night kiss so it's the hunt
vlog and Liza is here I I probably
picked off a lot of people
it's like you're
what
we even know you
but I'll be
