yeah I'm gonna go to say and have to
poop first you want to come that yeah
thanks for coming Alex anytime your
thigh is really one Xena and Gabi are
moving in together
oh do I not tell me at what do you miss
be a poor man yes this bathrooms perfect
curry doesn't have a mirror so you don't
have to be sad when you wake up and see
yourself this one has a selfie beer it's
just called mirrors Gabi that was a nice
place but there are two showers and
that's two more than you normally use
class baby dick in the last vlog I want
people to call me okay I don't want to
be called baby dick what are you gonna
be called monster dip his dick was
aborted that's how bad that's how small
you can't put that in the blog yeah you
came out of it I'm not for a choice man
that's myself whoa sheep Keith likes
abortion nice no guys everyone do you
like the foreperson this guy sucks
fuck Dolphy them hates homeless people
gay people and aborted I get an abortion
otherwise people would know bitch dude a
fun game
is it fun game the worst they are is it
better so uh Cosmetics alright it's too
late makeup now if you are late please
come in quietly oh yeah now hey you're
like really late okay I do
I got so sweaty during my man thing I
was supposed to be yeah yeah oh my god
you had seven beers how are you planning
to get home
what did you drive I drove you drove
let's drive you know fuckin dee dee dee
dude what does that mean
this is need a jump drive you know
people in the vlogs have been saying
that you're just smoking for the vlogs
you don't actually like smoking
nah dude I do it all the time ro what do
you mean it's why I am do like all the
time all the time dude for shit and
cigarettes but I was smoking in the
first one so I feel obligated to do it
oh she keep smoking in the block the
people want in you're right oh my god
oh yeah yeah at least I'm in sparking
and you start smoking why'd you cuz he's
makes it look so cool what does that
mean to you guys alright what way you
can play dominoes
hey no no no what was I mean you guys
hey thanks guys
yeah you know Jesus Christ Alex want to
come hang out picnic well I don't have a
picnic why don't you run have a picnic I
just don't want to help bigness just a
little bit too come on no I'll give you
a belly rub there's better be one good
fucking belly oh my god now do a flip
that's ridiculous
thank God you brought another one we
were running out I'm nervous
what don't hit your head
ooh oh my god it's like seeing a giraffe
in person Oh
stops oh no it stopped yeah oh do you
know where Nick is do that annoy Nick
Nick oh Jesus yo Nick versus you with a
lie but we haven't been able to big ah
like we used to
hey Meg stop you're gonna turn him on
again it goes there's a white ghost
we're in my room all right that's a
Razak thanks for watching Cassie it
makes you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik I mean I'm sad Alex
anything else add okay our charming uh
Lucy I can explain
