do your parents know like what you do
about my drinking problem
yeah and your smoking problem I don't
think they know to the extent what is
what is this it's like a different kind
of cigarette that is it's an incensed
chlamydia is such a beautiful name it's
my little baby girl her name is Chloe
yeah okay what's the challenge I hold
your song over the pool and go like this
all right hold on on the food for hug
one-handed oh my god actually got ha ha
ha I was good my heart just stopped yeah
that was really good
oh you got me dirty periscoping about
everyone just saw that happen like fresh
pizza I can't get depressed cooking it
up yeah Keith who pees like that in
their own backyard there's literally a
bathroom right thanks complaining
because it's Pizza sturdy man sigh I
mean you can make it free it's ok I mean
I wouldn't win my I wouldn't mind
totally kidding I'm totally kidding you
know she said hold on one second sir sir
your pizza's been on its way 30 minutes
late we don't wanna get you in trouble
sir so we're covering who you work for
so why'd it take you so long ganger huh
are you done yes I'm gonna weed now you
were smoking I'm jab oh yeah yeah you
want to hit though yeah what do you have
to say to other competing pizza
companies like Pizza Hut breaking news
Keef is back at it again Keith go to a
bathroom dude
hey Zane what's going on dude trying to
take a pic for PIC to cheesy picture
when you come home late at night and
your friends are sleeping and you trying
to pass a room without waking them up
how dare you Alex can't do it they'd
hold him back yeah no biggie try to be
happy oh my god oh are you bummed out
that you weren't in the last vlog you're
fine then what is this
why'd you hit me like that if you don't
care about being in the vlog
what excuse need an excuse for what he's
lazy
no good don't do nothing always hanging
out a talking trash oh I'm calling you
out bitch yeah I can idle all cancer
from here you talking shiny i'ma live
longer than you I'm not pumping it away
you pump it away nag booty short I can
see your thunder thighs Darcy right now
he has a funnel he has a good probably
better shape than you better shape what
makes a leak emotionally not physically
I can see that from here we gonna end up
doing 50 laps you best effort you want
to hit the poorest quick we're gonna do
this I'm no baby we swimming we doing
waterworks I'm talking underwater no
breathing apparatus loose
you're making a lot of poop jokes lately
yeah okay I dating me I've kind of
loosened up yeah that's a four days vlog
thanks for watching Mike makes you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys guess who has a million subscribers
on YouTube really funny really pretty
amazing girl one of my favorites Liza
morning
buddy ever wonder we
when you come up
