this looks good oh dude how are you
think you're doing we're trying to get
some beer you're not old enough to drink
sorry we got four you want - yeah -
please
thanks same
no puns tonight heist was that fun
without fun
just don't make puns you want anything
fun is that why you're raising your
eyebrows behind the camera because you
want to make puns no ha ha you ready
Liza I've never heard of this before
me neither looks like an off-brand
target we're gonna check it out Liza try
that try their iPads I love it okay
works really well let me try mine wow
you're just better
it's the thinner like what they have
dude these are awesome one may even say
this box you want those tools yeah
Darrell yeah use this there we go
I got it stop sleeping and this pot
you're not
no it's pops just goes laughing yeah ah
you're on a break so where we wake up
fires my new vlog yeah Oh a murder cam
murder cam you know it was a prank
Hey Oh
and a camera that's actually not that
big of a difference it's not that big of
a difference this was super lame that
was definitely like I went from Vegas to
another year in Vegas
and one for 1976 of Vegas in 1983 that's
not another year but okay that's kind of
grabs oh damn he caught you so you're
the catcher stubble guard you know walk
out the other door when we're leaving
something someone who thinks you're a
really cool friend it's just me so
hopped in do you exercise every day
every day hmm
so I shouldn't even try right I feel
like people actually think I'm mean to
you it's all jokes with Gabby right
Gabby okay so I haven't hung out David
in a really long time and I miss him
because we used to hang out all the time
who's be buddies and finally he's like
you know let's go to Target so I'm like
oh this is great so you comment this
yeah I get in the car and as soon as I
get in the car
lyza text em that says come over and
then I had to get out of the car okay
there's a little more to her Instagram
was hackers worried
thanks for watching Andy makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else to subtract we're laughing
so this flows into the outro
