I feel like every time I walk in you're
always in the process of putting on
clothes I'm gonna do not watch Heidi
hold on I'm just gonna prove this you
hey daddy what's up man honestly what is
this what what do you ever in on your
board is something wrong if I look on
your board right now
what will your board say yeah does
actually fucking shit fuck it's like
yeah he wants me to show you how to open
a Quran how do you open a karana from
Minnesota no way are you kidding me
Obama's beer whoever beer you look like
Thor why look look
looks like Thor was always Thor what's
wrong with homeless people dude
nothing's Oh make me out to be some
fucking homeless man hater come on yo
Zayn
he hates homeless people I think you
should give me his role in the vlog
since he hates homeless people I need
more time and he's a homeless person
hater so I should be in your vlogs we
just were fucking two and now you hate
homeless people it's not like that
fucking wrong yeah yeah what are you
wearing Deena's make me out to be a bad
person Yeah right I don't even want to
go to this thing anymore heath looks
like he just came out time machine from
Las Vegas about seven years ago
fuck yeah he pretend I'm a cop right now
okay yo man are you selling coke out
here no I'm a cop told you cops out here
cookie are you excited about going to
see a movie hey Tara knows you would you
wish for less nose hair
okay how high can you go my dear mother
well you look pretty high like that what
fuck it or like that I'm your boyfriend
yeah be gonna open your present in your
purse opened only every other one in our
bargain this is the best day of my life
Brandon is a your mom yeah Wow hi
Brandon's mom poor woman for giving
birth to Brennen yeah I know oh look at
this
am I allowed to film this no is that a
is that a solid now okay thank you
I don't know it just kind of sounds
weird when you want to say one do voice
up out of disneys at the time you want
to do boy stuff I said let's go hang out
be boys together and do boys shop oh you
wanna do it behind the building yeah
yeah do you wanna do boy stuff with us
boy stuff yeah I don't know it's hey it
sounds weird but I can get even weirder
if you wanted to how your youtube videos
gone crappy really she's at least she
admits to it same saying do that thing
where you Fernan all of it and everyone
gets uncomfortable Scott what have you
been up to since we're at the party no
why I'm his manager now you don't record
anything he does without my approval
I usually never record him so I guess
it's fine Gaby yo hey
my man I didn't know you shoot that guys
hey we're leaving this is just kind of
weird you have to pay Zayn yeah for what
you guys are roommates at least you can
do is do each other favors put that away
easy let him do it for free why shut up
Todd can you explain to me where this is
from
that's my drill that's is that's his
troop worse where's jewel what do you
mean damn it change rules rule drool
drool today's vlog thanks for watchin
Alex makes you like to subscribe cleany
at David dollar any outside guys I
totally forgot what do you mean this is
Krypton
still here
Oh
I do if you leave
