how do you let Jonah use your audit card
yeah why does your I'm so blond and
gorgeous that over this is blind both
hot and see who has sex better with this
painter Corinna holy cow 36 count size
dick
no sorry minute ah yes wife has got it
going on us a beautiful Wow
you know it's awesome though you know re
extract doesn't have to 20 year old
roommates who wants to live by
themselves in this 3 million dollar haul
I can tell your ex-wife got this read
before the divorce after the divorce
with the boy you must think I'm stupid
did you have to get a custom mic to get
it that long
mimics rap around 50 throws that's the
kind of person David is he calls me
today he facetimes me yeah I pick up the
phone and he goes what with my kids
what's wrong with David what did you do
those videos that you showed me I'm
proud of you for them okay all right
come here they suck so we're making Arab
jokes cuz he's Aaron do you want to hear
one how does a Muslim close the door it
slams it enjoy your day we know we made
a lot better David you didn't tell me
you're friends with Carlton from The
Fresh Prince of bel-air fucking nuts oh
great I know what you want for christmas
how about a membership to 24-hour
fitness I keep your eyes closed keep
your eyes closed one out snowflakes in
your eyes in three two one
Merry Christmas dude holy shit
our just now it smells good I like a
good job what do you do for a living
other than YouTube I heard about that
what do you do you can naked never done
anything well okay that's the between
you two I just said you know that you
know what do you like about Jason super
hot super talented super why are you
sure how many fingers
that's watching Reggie makes you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik jason
where are you going quality time with my
family for the next two weeks I will be
I was gonna shout you out but that's
okay I guess if you have to spend some
time with your family then that'll be
good
is that my fucking suitcase that one
yours yes
