big sour patch kids aren't gonna sour
patch adults you literally almost puked
what hi Jeff
it doesn't talk alright bring down for
me what you have to do yeah what your
job is right now
she literally holds a sign up and holds
it back and I put my stuff in my back
this is so disgusting there's a weird
habit I was so weird it was so weird
they had little thirteen-year-old girls
carrying things for us that doesn't make
sense
Kristen was wearing these shoes and Zayn
goes when you have to dress up but you
have to fight the gladiators that's a
house heated blankets what David David
huh
what are you doing nothing that's a
heated blink yeah good actor Oh whoo
that was really what's up yo chill be
careful she has a boyfriend it's
official so I got it I got to step up my
client you haven't been in these for a
long time what have you been up to
working out while my yeah new job what
time okay Liza gonna get these huh what
you trying to beef into Liza you ain't
yogurt or frozen yogurt we have frozen
you three frozen yogurt if I was in
yogurt you awesome
yeah they've eight cups of frozen yogurt
oh well probably no it's a new segment
called David and Alex go to college
we're looking for a girlfriend these two
can be his girlfriends oh no no oh but
that's not gonna stop Alex wait I want
to interview Kai interview are you sure
I've heard college people are friendly
in college guys I want to give everyone
a tour of like college but like everyone
goes to school except us
so basically we're the only ones that
find this amusing we've been here for 45
minutes now no sign of a girlfriend well
you can come in he's just looking for a
girlfriend do you I do you want to be a
girlfriend people what about people in
that room you want a boyfriend
where are you taking us right now dude
take it everybody to our frat um this is
our first frat party Alex really yeah
let me guess we have to jump over a
fence before we get there everyone say
we love Alex
whoa Alex no no it's that easy what do
you guys have to say about student loans
don't have any thunder Leah damn you
have rich parents yeah hell yeah
oh you're flirting links college dude
hey would you would you date him if you
had to what you date him no oh my god
Wow College leave each to just when you
got to get me better
well you got really close I've drives
that chlamydia he should have made this
more about himself
other than that issues we should be like
a joke about how long he didn't Haley
kind of like made a reference to the
kind of deserves to be a little selfish
but he has to be a scumbag and talk
about his shoes why do you want audition
to be an Apple employee because I only
use Apple products okay what's your
favorite apple product Samsung Galaxy no
no no that's not an apple product you
know what an apple product is no no
that's an apple can you just stop can I
finish my pear are you eating my Apple
yeah well that's just bananas no your
real alibi why it's pretty great right
good let you eat my entire Apple aren't
you glad share I'm sorry I gotta go
that's a potatoes walk thanks for
watching Molly it makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik Liza
Apple
