thanks for pushing me in I mean I hate
to be in your blog yeah I'm not even mad
yeah everyone in the vlog has been
wondering if you're dating Karina
oh absolutely fucking not why she's
fucking disgusting
why should disgusting I went touch
Karina with a seven-foot poll numbers
baby coming up what about me at all the
jobs I'm not getting off the job socket
here yeah what do you mean I'm broke
David he and Scotty oh my god she's here
she waved to me could be my new
girlfriend license after was a joke liza
liza liza that was the bravest thing
anyone has ever done
oh my god this is no jumping I'm Liza
Lucas oh my god can I say a little brown
girl with big - you know you're painting
with big dreams hey that's it Ben go go
where it's a bad whites are you sure I
think she can't make any more jokes
she's freaking out don't wake me to do
so country's on it out why's it just say
something funny something buddy no
Oh bananas oh no I would find them
appealing anyone go poor feels like imma
have to kill off your character in the
vlogs David I'm sorry because I can't be
buddy wife if you can't produce good
content I can't keep you around so
you're gonna kill me
yes no don't tell people stop telling
people why cuz it's bad find out on next
week's episode of David yeah what are
you doing
holy cow scaring you are you practicing
pegs for next year's LA Marathon how
long we've been practicing yeah today
yes I saw the other day long as I can do
this next oh this guy's doing a marathon
I'm nice today yeah today yo I lied to
him shit I tried Huggies I can't hit
because funny mmm you're gonna put him
back though
yeah we should do the fun at our place
no no it looks good we did it yeah I'll
put it back now with the surface stop
dude stop stop it's a blog Alex so be a
fuck-boy cat what a fuck be a fuck-boy
cat we're gonna get food what are you up
to that's freaking me I really just
expected something about cigarettes get
over it okay I'm sorry what are you
doing later I think he's hungry come
here no no no no he's hungry he oh this
one really hit home with me so comment
on your Instagram
I let me let me hear it you looked hella
hot now all you do is drink and smoke
and David's vlogs you're fat and ugly
and your hair looks like shit Jesus do
you agree with that it's rough right I
mean portions
well portions do you agree way uh you
looked hella hot Gaby tell us about your
new friend
well this is Barry Styles Barry Styles
hi Barry
hey guys where're you from Barry
Nantucket why'd you come here well yeah
I said you need to be stuff you and time
now yeah
bring it down oh wow
Gabby yeah how much is that does it come
with an order of fries that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Ashley
it makes you like a subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik anything else add guys
we have nothing that we have no we have
no outer ideas do you realize that you
need to think of an outro three times a
week for the rest of your life three
times a week say it takes seven a year
