ouch I was Taco Bell it was really good
I was a fair fire what do you like I
like that it's a pigeon it's a pigeon
it's 335 and if you guys remember from
last vlog
she gave me shit for being it that's out
30 hey stupid Oh who's in bed till 3 me
yeah who would kid so I can light
everybody you're the one that's in bed
till 3 banana Joe ok let's make
everybody paranoid eat of goddamn banana
I was not even gonna make a joke out of
bananas and make a joke about what you
did like just a fruit it's not even that
gross I don't care why people like a big
deal out of it joke about that you
brought it up so you made your own joke
cuz you were trying to visit your just
about bananas because we all know why
why what's wrong with bananas all the
potassium why would you be
self-conscious about potassium are you
self-conscious about the potassium
Karina so since you've been here in LA
how many guys have you hooked up with so
far zero man no get the fuck away from
this place is ginormous mom mom no Alex
Alex you didn't come here with your mom
it's just us
oh that's what current is gonna do to
you if you misbehave Jesus Christ
what's wrong there's way too many people
here get the fuck
Oh
new camera this means you can smoke it
at nighttime now me know what actually
died
so everything am i right he gets too
many girls what is he gonna do ah todd
todd todd i don't wanna be a part oh you
a little pity party
britney really likes me but sarah just
wants to keep fucking me and they're
like leila like i don't even know what
to do with her i just like fucking or
sometimes my betty party not you have a
bigger problem in smoking weed um yeah
weeds gonna fix your problem loser loser
who says loosen people who don't smoke
weed or losers how many times you throw
up because of like poisoning to your
body so like alcohol or weed or
cigarettes or mouth what oh fuck yeah so
this girl's snapchats me she's like hey
are you the guy that smokes in david's
vlogs I think I found your snapchat and
then she's like I started smoking
because of you see like I feel really
bad like I don't want people like
smoking and shit like because I do it
like you know doing like it's a no I
don't you quit no I did I quit a couple
days ago you quit a couple days ago yeah
I haven't had a cigarette and probably
and couple days no oh we just got subway
huh and now we're going this way oh man
where do you find all your jokes that
way some people are having a hard time
believing that we're dating we're dating
so we're gonna do this to help you guys
believe if we weren't dating could I do
this
Wow if we weren't dating could I do this
no way aren't you glad I did it if we
weren't dating could I do this what if
we weren't dating could I do this
all right go huh nice boom
so that's pretty sad it's full and now
you know they were dating bigger equals
true that's a 4 days walk thanks for
watching Viviana makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik i
think i'll sad as a yes Jimmy kiss you
cheated today
