oh my god Alex you actually really good
we're gonna water you've been playing
pretty hard surfaces pics on Instagram
saying lies and I were dating we circled
all the November 28 on all the calendars
and in the last vlog Liza said she was
pregnant so everyone thought that was
there two days but no that's just when
we started dating we've been keeping you
from you for three months feel special
yo you shouldn't that's right because
we've been dating for three months signs
flickering liza when do you think it's
gonna die probably these two this is
driving with Liza
we're going to casco for the first time
ever cause Karina has a plan card oh my
god oh fuck dude she said you got a
boner yesterday when you hog bear was
that true any human contact
we're gonna be reading some mean
comments
Vivian Margie said stop touching each
other's dicks Leah Kailyn says fucking
fat piece of shit
pathetic lowlife cunt died all these
comments are about you this is my rose
Kelly says David pee sitting down
hundred percent do if I'm in my own
house always pee sitting up much easier
I don't do you pee sitting up no never
oh shit not a bitch Barker says I'm
trying to think of a creative insult but
the work name on it I just run a comment
to myself but now a lot of it I want
like this with the camera like
acknowledging the comment but I've even
read a scare that favors what if you
scare somebody else oh I think that's
gonna jam easel elevator so the lawyer
don't fucking work watch this is called
soup this is the Dorf serve I know
what's it every serve of yours is the
dwarf service you're gonna tell the log
that we're dating
well maybe a couple months maybe we just
want money right here at sex last night
teachers only a professor to you
I put the professor he also says to
write yeah
I had a great time with my cat watching
that yeah he really doesn't mal
yeah we went to the Grammys last night
how was it Gabby oh she's doing well
she's getting like hell
oh this is a grandma joke oh you goo so
what you call an egg that's turned up I
don't do it
Liza don't do it no Liza wow that was
intense they say Oh chef Reggie wait
where's your hand if you're drunk
oh yeah
through guys
little fuck dude I'm trying to make the
vlog about me because I hurt my knees
and you guys are stealing all the
attention away from me Oh tell your
vlogs but I monster is a four days Bob
thanks for watching Giuliana makes you
like subscribe tweeting hat david dobrik
Alex no Alex you have anything else add
you can open someone who is this who is
this no David it's that one
Oh
