mrs. wish everyone you well my crushes
like July is my favorite one oh but then
we had to fill one for July so we could
put you on this
alright boys we got room for one more
fun boy yeah but you got what it takes
man bun that's all I got that's all I
need
fuck boy fuck boy yeah we'll watch this
sudden oh I can share I got mad that no
new my man
so this yeah watch the other group
let's get you a sideboard man yep first
girl that comes up to you you tell her
you tell her you're mine and I'm yours
I'm gonna get you a side war I'm good
dude you forgot to put on your shoes hey
guys this guy forgot to put on his shoes
what's it let's make fun of him I say
where we going
she's not even here
Alex finished your car break down on the
way here
ya head ELISA car let's get here you're
after wife ELISA car Junior that star
there that story you're not lies I don't
do that Daniel watches the vlogs and she
wanted me to shadow her Instagram and I
can kind of feel for a more steering
search would be your shadow does it feel
you guys are finally about to work a
real job
I'm coming through this this is it
important to wash your hands um no you
don't need to wash it
why would you want to get soap on the
pizza you don't get stuff on it could
you give me a brownie sure sure
so you don't even work here
how much is that it's freako are you
sure that was okay then what's your
favorite part about working at Qdoba
know what those parts is the people they
gave me joy hey come on I didn't even
ask you if you wanted to it oh my god
okay yeah you got what I'm Maddie
what do you look for in a boy black
shorts black shorts what kind of a shirt
none oh my dog Alex these are blue
shorts I feel like you and Alex should
share a hug and if any feelings develop
during the hug we'll know right
mmm what are you feeling um feeling a
boner
Shh Lorena when you're cleaning Alex's
room remember you're gonna find a lot of
diapers I don't okay I'm sorry dude I
refuse
what are they damn it TV you know that's
where we eat dude are you like this just
learning like a potty-trained dude who's
gonna teach me ha but YouTube YouTube
not gonna teach me that I'll teach you
I'll teach you can you put in the effort
to get potty - yes I'll teach you that
that's all I want
okay so I ever wanted okay it's
Valentine's Day if there's one rule
about Valentine's Day is if you're going
to get your Valentine something make
sure it's chocolate and flowers if
there's an ad if it's one flower -
flowers just get her flower I brought
you a chocolate
ah you candies on sound yeah hot sale it
doesn't end there I got you flowers
flowers wait where are you gonna put it
to be right yeah here we go boy yeah
yeah great now I gotta clean that up
that's probably a clogged the drain yes
the vanities either got me all these fun
things with notes on them but I actually
can't read cursive actually isn't a jerk
behind it but I just literally can't
read cursive
that's a nice hug thanks for watching
final make sure you like subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik um at this point it's
pretty obvious but if you still haven't
caught on we're just gonna let you know
um so on three lies already okay one two
three
we're day
ah
