you want to be in the vodka state
Chipotle socks on hey my job
previously fucking kidding me are you
kidding dude it's heading back to your
car you guys link to description I'm
gonna be tied in currency to channel did
you give Todd a shout-out for catching
them in your car yeah I'm gonna do
something really fucked up you can't use
it what do you mean you're fucking my
ass who are you no no she's not taking
it off I want to use me that's fine but
I'm protecting this girl at all cost
I'll shot both of these guys sit on my
line
let me know exactly what you want that
way I can bring it to you Christmas
board I know then we'll be alone because
his family hates trying to go ahead and
ask him the question all right you ever
had a dick in your ass of us ask him
what do you want for christmas
you think it's I what's up guys for the
actual house from Drake and Josh is for
sale right now I'm gonna blindfold Josh
put him in the car and I'm gonna drive
through the house without telling Joran
you're stressing me out Josh put the
blindfold on Josh put the blindfold on
you guys exit the car we're here I've
never been shot with a paintball gun to
the dick let's go ahead and we're at the
Drake & Josh house are we catch with
Meghan catch with Meghan here this is
where I'm sure we played some sort of
trick on Walter you've never been inside
why I lived here my entire but it's not
it's not like the actual house it was a
show did you know that was the house as
soon as I realized who the fuck I'm
dealing with I was reading some things
about this house and apparently there
are five bedrooms and we had to share
the fucking Attic exactly thanks a lot
mom and dad when you guys moved off the
college that's the news channels really
paying well this real great Josh come on
we gotta go to the movies we'll be late
okay let's go to the premiere if I'm
late again I'm gonna get fired fired
Lucy wish you like to subscribe to eat
me at david dobrik guys leave the
description below I'm gonna leave
Chris's channel Jason's channel and
josh's channel so make sure you go
subscribe for all them down there Josh
gets a shout out to yes senior
Tesla and I gave my body over to Trisha
Paytas and let her have her way with me
you let her do that anywhere yeah I know
it was fucking great
well pretty sure that secures your
Streamy for next year
