yes I love these nacho cheese no it's my
cheese it's a no-brainer
well yeah it's bread bread doesn't have
brains let's get out of here this start
stupid nice I like the way you think not
you bread that's that bright these are
the cutest candies are shaped like
cherries they're modeled after my
ex-boyfriend we've just been hanging out
and Gabi just keeps eating these chips
it is disgust
a bad day gets up Heiser come on just
now no more candy please we have to go
hi Gabi phew work it out dirty Saints
bathroom is not only didn't miss his
toothbrush once but twice that's
disgusting
dry sense of humor as far as characters
going to vlog am I like the alcohol hey
you okay with Scotty being the alcoholic
and you'd be the smoker
well I'm talk--i holic I'm the drinker
you're the smoker whoa happy both death
JD obviously every time you've never
seen me I was drinking there we go every
single fucking time man every time I've
seen me please drinking too so people
comment on my videos they're like it
seems like you leave Scotty out of your
videos purposes like he's like a black
sheet what you don't want them in your
videos i toddy what were we talking
about okay oh the jacuzzi now we didn't
bring our swimsuits I have extra trunks
what are you an elephant ah yeah right
you hi fuckin stoned in coop you can get
high off cigarettes yeah if you smoke
enough okay he can I go on car shopping
today but I think we're stopping for
some gas oh let me guess I'm getting
drugs cigarettes
I don't know why you bought a new pack
of cigarettes when you can just smoke
those those are my empties what do you
mean you've been gadding them for like a
week no though I spoke those two days
ago
we just drank a little bit of alcohol to
the test drive the test drive pretty
blue car drives drunk really well
actually so we're probably gonna get it
thank you for letting us drink by the
way he gets fired I just got done buying
the car whoo how's it Tessa he's a
cigarette I I can't believe I let me buy
a school bus dude it's in great shape to
go screw your honor
hey why don't you stick up for yourself
this room David Oh boohoo why don't you
make room for good job Oh Liza clean up
your act
Oh do you consider yourself more of a
spongebob or Squidward square why what
hi guys where we going what you think
target okay at that target edition thing
no I'm not doing that
look at this crackhead god losing all
his teeth Oh grow up
Liza Matt come out here oh hey Matt what
about the other guys
screech Alan away oh yeah guys can you
wait wait you guys - are you okay
I didn't know that was in a GI but you
already knows that I see what you did
there sweetie sweetie can you take your
glasses off maybe you won't so I won't
go near ear you anymore
sorry first off you hit my eye not my
ear you're mouthing off to me right now
yeah I'm scared who I I don't know what
this is going okay it's getting out of
hand
yeah get it out of hand this river well
this what is it oh you're not old enough
to drink hold an alcohol oh oh you're
not old enough
yeah what do you pee yourself in your
sleep
hmm fuck you guys finance originates
blog thanks for watching Sabrina who
makes you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik ending us that boys girls
toddlers tiaras do one of those targeted
trips yeah what
Oh
unicorns and wizard sleeves and blinds
to make believe pirate
