I don't get he's doing the splits and
his right foot is on the pant yes but
where is his left foot sighs it's just
what is he balancing on the edge of the
billboard it doesn't even look real I'm
gonna believe that's a panda any more
lies it's just a cartoon what pose not
real so this girl that watch the vlogs
Ariana ordered us pizza
we're completely surprised we don't know
what's gonna is looking for a tip that's
just really hunger he's gonna eat it
pepperoni yeah Thank You Ariana for
selling us a pizza I think it's about
time I get a peel back so so you guys
don't send more stuff to her door since
people know where we live you know what
that means right
maybe one day a girlfriend's gonna show
up at your doorstep how's the pizza Alex
it's good but I could show you some ice
cream what you guys that hey guys I
didn't post a Q&A this week because I
edited it and overall kind of suck but
yeah here are the clips from it where
was your first kiss it was in an
elementary school a couple weeks ago a
lot of you guys have asked me if I have
a messy room as you can tell I
definitely don't have a messy room
these shittiest people on earth have
messy rooms a lot of you guys are always
wondering if my videos are scripted my
videos are not scripted what would you
do for a Klondike bar I'm just gonna
store in just me I guess buying that
yeah it's just ice cream and doing crazy
things for ice cream I mean it's gotta
go Gabi and Carly are about to walk
through that door any second now we're
gonna scare the Japanese is out of that
this is fright this is an exact replica
of Gabby's face so wait till she sees it
on someone else okay
no Syria that's awesome
dogs yeah awesome fuck you I just shit
my pants
whoa the fact that you're not 21 makes
this all you can fucking drive us
everywhere yeah I got am David
Barrow please don't don't Eliza wire
don't dear Eliza I tried it then I made
you pay for myself oh I also tell her
guys it's Saturday night in Hollywood
and guess where we going we're going
we're party are they gonna drink at this
party no I'm 19 David okay so what are
you gonna do for fun drink yeah what if
they don't let us into the party
I think sorry looking friendly I don't
know anybody here
everybody's in the city everyone yeah so
everyone just gets in yeah okay sure you
ready let's go I just don't think this
is a real party
wait like where are the drinks happening
yeah why did I bring me what's going on
this chick is so full of herself it's a
fiesta celebration center in May 5th but
she's taken holy the a because it's her
fifties she looks like the world
revolves around her 5 for $1 oh wow Oh
what okay
I doubt it's gonna work but okay one two
three four five you have I can have a
dollar yeah I got the dollar cause if
you're only getting five to Timothy no I
gave you five can I have the dollar
anyway it's not for adults I'd give it
five so I get a dollar right Oh what we
gotta leave out what is it for today's
vlog thanks for watching jig makes your
life subscribe tweeting at david dobrik
i think how sad
what is that
yolo say no no isolate yourself and just
roll solo be careful oh you wanna look
low
