you want on fucking new Alex said to me
what's dude he fucking said it what are
you doing dude
I don't know I were about to pick up
Gabi to go to Target and since Gabi
doesn't know Ilya or Alex really Lilly's
gonna go sit down at the end of the
street and he's gonna look really like
what do you're gonna look sketch like
weird like yeah he's gonna look really
sketchy he's gonna stop the car and
we're just gonna try to freak out Gabi
and he's gonna get it I don't know we'll
play it by ear we don't know over to it
improv brah but just remember to be
really weird really get it I'm tired of
checking every crevice to see well
you're gonna have another friend yeah
doors broken Matt are you okay all that
I didn't mean right some I please please
man I don't where are you going window
okay I'm just in the car ticket where do
you need to go I can't tell you like
it's not I did like like a little bit of
drugs okay listen if you want to take
somewhere you have to like tell us where
you're going I want you because you're
freaking out the fuck out I feel like
you're gonna pull out a fucking gun
reside I've known on me I don't know
that I'm sorry what did you say are you
okay do you do go to a hospital no
definitely a hospital it's for you
you don't want to know what I did I need
to be somewhere please man where do you
need to be I'll tell you where to go
please dude I can't get a taxi how many
fucking money why I really uncomfortable
David okay I'm so sorry like you're not
telling us anything you're freaking me
the fuck out like if I feel like we're
like fucking harboring a fucking
fugitive or something I'm not even
joking I'm so uncomfortable
Hey okay I'm not of I'll tell you I'm
not a few right what did you do that you
can't tell us about I can't like it if I
tell you you won't fucking drive me can
you just please drive me we're gonna
drive you don't know okay come on please
can you call maneuver yeah where do you
need to go I can't like it I never won't
take me where I'm going please now we're
not fucking thanking you for your going
are you kidding me please go straight
Hey oh my god I don't know David no I
need to get out please please okay like
ever get out look at the guy yeah
Gaby I'm sorry like it's not blood
please say yeah no no please yeah sorry
I didn't mean to be bad but it is so
scared I thought you were gonna get hurt
you would pick up a fucking stranger on
the street told that in the video yeah
no checking in at all eyes already gone
we never know baby you just ask that
questions rhetorical
yo girl and next time why is this always
see ya
Jason draw like dick
there no I don't want it here oh here
comes the airplane first class right so
Davy you know how you've been asleep in
that coma for ten years yeah you know
those stocks you invested in yeah look
what I gotcha
what oh no no no no no no not that one
hey no no no no why not this one what
this one
yeah the fucking go-kart
can we record the movie well that's it
for today's vlog thanks for watching
Hayley makes you like subscribe tweet me
at David Ober anything out that Alex no
no new Alex anything I'll said yeah
Jesus Alex sucking on my titties like
you wanted me calling me all the time
that bombs
check out my Chrissy behind it's fine
all of the time
let's sex on the beaches what else is in
the teaches of peaches huh
