what are you what are you looking for I
have ever stopped persona fuck my bet is
man
right now as you can see we're on our
way to the continent of Africa pretty
crazy right this isn't my camera this is
Davis so I just realized I accidentally
took David's camera with me so I'm
texting
and I drop the camera down I'm recording
this with my phone his Liza accident
took my camera on the plane with her and
she gave me coordinates that she's gonna
throw it out the window and I can catch
it okay I'm gonna drop the camera now I
don't want you gonna dab it you don't
wipe it it sure you got oh okay oh god
you put this in your mouth during school
already I really has everybody has it
when you need a sad is this when you
were younger but that's not you right
cuz you know this would you pay for it
looks like dropout is just for the
picture my face might hurt our belly
button like David know at that tree
watch me actually nail great whoa yeah I
never get dumped a to branding
everything got me look like a porn star
what does that mean dudes in the ass do
you a dragon tattoo yeah where's that
mean Scott what are you doing
music features you've never done the
Clorox challenge saying I'm gonna do it
cut oh my god her carrots make it look
like he's actually drinking it oh my god
are you stupid
come on dub has you guys thinking log
into his TV stay on sad apple juice
apple juice why are you mixing on coke
it's strong publishers I make sure you
keep treating the questions for Sunday
for the Q&A it's gonna be dope but
that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching Ashley makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else at out oh no no no no hey
a new Alex not old hallux anyhow dad
yo hey Alex Alex stop stop do it Alex
hey listen listen okay okay okay you you
named the outro song what after song do
you out to be Oh Sweet Caroline but no
oh I don't know I like that what about
you what do you think we Caroline by
Neil Diamond oh good Alex Alex
it does
say so
