so you know how you like our embarrass
to our Huggies check this out
for men it's for men it's like fucking
sick I do like that a lot but I don't
need them so I'll put them back I guess
I can do that I can put what no I'll do
it
this is passenger with Liza on the
runway send you to Miami to get products
I brought tutorial with Liza what do you
death to do face first you have to burn
off your eyebrows done no you'll be born
without them David okay you put on your
makeup do you think about things to help
you like get inspired yes what Vincent
van Gogh because it's like a painting
yeah who do you think use more paint
Vincent been gone as paintings or you on
your face did you have eyebrows yeah yes
eyebrows pin me I'm with Scott Ian's and
we'll be playing some charades real
quick tired of you guys cheating no shut
up
I'm gonna kiss you with that I'm trying
to go it was only really like hard that
same time good penis oh I got that a
little bit late I'm focusing but you're
right in later look at me I sock the
a321 you're supposed to eat it and
swallow it immediately after you turn
your okay so my god
No are you good
okay oh my god is eyes are bloodshot
rolling on Scotty looks like you got
stung by no you can spit so he if you
think you could actually swallow it I
think so she's mine
oh there he goes yeah so uh that's two
two salad Keith what do you have to say
too cocky yourself to go I was wrong
okay
my friend's name is Ernie get ready I'm
doing Hollywood my mom your birthday how
old are you turning 14 14 but that's
enough to kiss Alex I already made so
many jokes about him it's annoying as
hell
we can look a lot different you don't
win the gold medal at the Olympics so
you become the gold medal go kiss him
Louie dance if I kiss I think that's
what he's waiting for
oh he wants you to hold his hand I mean
I have a kiss gonna you can leave your
friends behind because if your friends
don't dance and they if they don't
answer they ain't no friends of mine
oh oh he's shaking it you want you to
shake it as you kiss him you're all
about finding a girlfriend when the one
that you've wanted us right here Alex I
wish her just act the way he acts when
the cameras off it hurts my feelings
really okay it's off completely
see-through in the ass I keep like
bending over completely to tie anything
Alex has been walking behind you the
entire time Lucky's pretending like he
doesn't hear us the beauty out Gabi have
you ever been there alex is staring at
your fast
whoa whoa Alex calm down you know how
much I love
is going that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching Alyssa makes you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
a lot of tweets the other day asking if
alex is only shirtless when he's in the
vlogs and i want to let you guys know if
that's true so here we go Alex yeah
what's up dude enough blogging are ya
now now
