all black outfit man you lookin awesome
fucking jeez panties on sounds like it's
your sister's panties It's Showtime baby
I really don't want to Jason - J nasty
the Nash man or as I'd like to call him
my human punching bag you are my right
hand man my go-to guy every day I wake
up and strive to find a new way to
torture and salt or pretty foods - I
have a lot of last few man but behind
this abuse body of Jason's is the
compassion in German man I've got money
on this crazy journey
Jason is always pushing before keeping
me in line and having fun he loves to
make everyone laugh and his smile is
infectious you are one great new Jason
and I don't think we tell you how to
bounce so today I wanted to get you
something that I know you've been
wanting never being honest have needed
for a long time it's been a long time
coming I love you dude I think I speak
on behalf of all of us by saying thank
you for all that you do and always being
there for us here's to Jason
you guys go first all right come on out
guys I mean it's really nice I know the
inside is really nice oh look there's
the Wi-Fi password it's actually a
bigger surprise this is actually part of
a brand beyond to promote these cascades
you have to actually do I was gonna get
you wine but it was a lot more expensive
yeah what did you rent it not a big they
don't let you return did you like my
actual note to you though my assistant
wrote it
we should put wheels on the bottom and
launch you into the pool this is dead
cheeky
how does it feel feel like I'm home it
falls through the ground people working
the flooring is common or just ask you
later Zayn was nice knowing you you know
I was actually gonna give him my
youtube-channel to miss you buddy have a
good time what it looks like how when
girls go to the bathroom together too
late lies ahead it goes you say hey
girls I'm gonna die you come in let me
try it
this is like when Saddam Hussein was
overthrown that's here in silence
watching Zoey makes you like it
subscribe to a David over Zane what's
going on dude
