hey thanks the next room I'll to show
you is the living room it's a rhythm
fuck is this shit yeah
happens all the time I Alex if you won
the Powerball what would you spend it on
girlfriend what I'd buy a lot of stuff
looks and I are both at USC right now
this is both of our first times being at
a thing at a school that's a student
what's up dude it's awesome you only see
those in the movies this door is alarm
hey take it easy
just me he's a good guy a good gesture
Alex and I are leaving USC earlier
because the guy came up does with a pen
and paper and he asked us to fill out a
survey I don't even know how to write
and I don't even know what a survey is
he does know what a survey is I don't
know we're doing at a school mom what's
up you're like a woodpecker or like a
hummingbird a stupid one did are you
embarrassing yeah why don't you pick on
someone your own dimension what does it
do oh it says that there's 11 buds in
here so 11 I'm in total frenzy 11 of my
best friends are in here what's the test
button
oh that's if you want to do mathematics
arithmetic dude this is the sexiest view
I've ever seen in my life
remember when I spanked you up here we
got the bruises it's masive yeah dude
everyone's always commenting where is
Mason where is Mason well what's dirty
Downton today dirty I'm just making some
fake IDs for people today you know it's
Mesa getting a fake ID no he's getting
no no I was 21
yeah so what's this he's getting a
premie getting an idea that makes him
look 80 I want Mason back in the vlogs
ah people I guess like from the vlogs or
shittier so you live in the art
community right do people date other
people are you guys just date paintings
Oh
six seven eight ah yeah that dance is
fresh look new do you like that uh yeah
when you get a job working at a store
but you can't keep your balance nice
welcome to bow street no guys that's a
whip when you have a friend named Jay
and other people don't know yes so
they're like j.crew j KU j KU fountain
coming out to La Brea I think your mom's
pussy squirt like a fountain oh he's
probably right about that dude you know
how my back I'll have your back
yeah Scott you suck dude you're bad
friend
Oh yo don't touch my friends got like
that I was what are you doing oh come on
you know right for me come on hey but he
didn't I'll buy you a new one
oh you did enough no outside won't even
give me a signed one it wasn't signed
dude that just you you what is this you
wrote that with marker no I did not
what do you want me to do make this up
to you Alex dickerer what no backrub
dude i Alaskan gr 245 and she told me
that if she doesn't get here by 2:45
she'll buy me Taco Bell but if she gets
here before 2:45 I are Yogurtland so I'm
gonna make sure that doesn't happen cuz
I love Taco Bell right now it's about to
turn 244 right yes 244 there she is
40-foot like a minute to get to the end
of the hallway to my house and what do I
lose because I lost this battle me yo
girl and you have 15 seconds that's a
wrong apartment
to a 32:45 she got here like 240 and
she's like taking your time down the
hallway talking shit and then boom you
only Taco Bell you lost I didn't miss
anyone was living here but you know you
wanna I forgot to do an outro but thanks
for watching ariana makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik and I
have something else to add well Alex
does so I'm gonna turn to that now
alright one more thing make sure you
guys go check out Alex's video we made
it on his channel I'm gonna link in the
description it's really funny go check
it out ok
yeah thank God you give me attitude
buddy
