there she is my little sunshine my
little sack of shit what Alex you
spilled the cheese that's all in this
room dude
do next when I stuff my stupid ass Jesus
bed over over yeah stop pushing my
cheese's oh don't get on earth that's it
run little bitch no I didn't need it I
didn't mean it Hey look at your face
it's all right you look like a little
kid from a Christmas story after coming
out playing with snowmen okay I'll now
you're playing an intense game of ping
pong these are the highlights oh my god
I end up losing town and I lost $30 and
probably two gallons of sweat
I also hope this teddy bear looks like a
store just open and all the toys are
coming back into place but it's gonna
get very tired
how the heck is this supposed to keep my
head warm hey guys today lies they're
gonna be doing a gallon challenge we can
find milk so we found the next thing
that was white we found awesome bleach
we're gonna drink in we're gonna see how
much we can drink as it can we get these
nerf bullets here we go got the
wheelchair I know
yeah Nick push Alex you don't get all
the fun stuff
hey man and my son hit that joint we're
gonna drop you off all right here I'm
just gonna save you for your sins
I don't care I'll chop him off repented
we'll see you later after you save
yourself on your son
oh you've repented your sins walk my
child oh my god oh my god
right Jesus Christ shit you can walk
it's a miracle he witnessed it Oh
everybody see the bikini selfie I posted
Ted I saw it yep nobody wanted Tommy I
look good not gonna lie to you Gaby like
gallons deep you're not even worth that
price really daddy Gaby and Alex don't
you guys need is for your new kid I'm
not having a kid my mom watches these
vlogs don't put that shit in right I'm
not gonna put it on I'm not having a kid
we're having a baby
no we're not a big deal huh it's not a
big to go you saying it's not a big deal
isn't gonna make it go away having a
baby made you stupider I didn't have a
baby
Debbie's obviously pregnant oh my god no
she's not she posted bikini picture
today yeah I was talking in real and it
was photoshopped but that part it's not
Photoshop it was Photoshop yep zoom in
on the picture this baby you through the
skin to use my dad watches this ha ha ha
I'm a poor all this powder stuff until
Isis mouth let's do it let's do it
three two wait what are you doing with
it so I'll well Oh quick thumbnail oh my
god designs so bad why
cheerio Oh cry because I'm your friend
let me see mom lose it
kiss up drooling Oh David I told you to
buy pads while we were ha ha that's it
for today's vlog thanks for watching
Jackie miss shoot like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
at out yeah can you put kids pop song at
the end of this one it's been no one
listens to kids by listen a kid about
cookout with yipping i watch me nae nae
okay now watch me whip whip watch me nae
nae mami - now watch me whip whip it
watch me nae nae okay now watch me whip
whip watch
