someone asked if these vlogs are
scripted these vlogs are scripted mmm
shit whoo these blogs are not scripted
that was a close one
it's probably the sexiest rainbow I've
ever seen in my entire life I'd date
that rainbow probably the boyfriend eyes
and I gonna be wingmen wait woman Eliza
we have to say wingman because women
don't get anything done you Kimmy we're
cooking Alex and I are about to go on a
walk
Alex ready man Alex you ready I'm gonna
put this on first put this on first
remember what happened last time just
walking him having a good time what are
you doing al Alex Alex hey stop that man
stop it stop it
we got him which item we should lock do
oh no no that's just a joke a joke we're
gonna good jump rings
I'm shame it's almost got a smashing
askew
after that incident Alex find out that
it's best to stay on the leash and I run
away from me correct yes good are you
still looking for a girlfriend yeah
should I get our waiter can you be
Alex's girlfriend have you ever had a
boyfriend as cute as Alex oh wow oh my
god dude uber boater yes
snog on his aim heats because they got a
ping-pong table and if there's ever any
reason to hang out Dan Heath it's
because they have a ping-pong table yep
are we using zani for their ping pong
table Oh does a bear shit in the forest
yo-yo oh how do you dance if you just
see a girl you kind of press out the
club pretend Aaron's the girl you're
trying to impress pretend there's a girl
oh shit oh shit oh oh my god okay
I already feel gross for doing it this
is a dude's close on part to the return
it was a big big world one people people
bigger pushing each other to the limits
we were learning quicker Oh guys who
remembers this same fruit is ready
what's up draw chill chill fights like
that so we're gonna squirt him with ink
scrotum ah that's the joke yeah you're
the best server ever thank you I know
touches me politics just like things put
this for years my huh have you actually
been doing that Oh smells finger smells
like the back way let me smell your
fingers
that's the back of his throat okay no
eyes are you ready to go yep Jesus
Christ
what did you take your makeup off oh
nice scarf loose here what are you a
girl can have you you yeah you guys
smoke pot that's it thanks yeah way to
rip my ticket now we can't go see the
movie that's for James Bond thanks for
watching Patrick makes you like
subscribe tweeting and saving over and
he else to add my two best friends
we're spongebob August Patrick F is the
fan to do that together us play the rest
of the song in the outro yeah probably
do some Bon Jovi
