this place isn't big enough for the both
of us let's have a showdown where that
tumbleweed come from Gabi come here give
me a hug before you go give me for about
four days
yeah All Right see you later hey hey
hold on I got your nose love the truck
boys it's right yes fucking Europe me
daddy
right here right am i fuckin - o Keeffe
is a better girl than most girls are you
ever gonna break character
Oh love ya subscribe and like everything
where does it do it's it's closed on
watch
thank you we were the dudes of clothes
on out of order Billy right or gonna
make it guys
Gabi's facetiming me hey Gabi what's up
I'm here Liza I'm gonna give lives of
your nose right now okay okay don't lie
sighs your nose okay we're leaving
Target thank fucking good man David do
not swear around I'm gonna go see movie
so like two hours I wanna be gone
uh-huh do I can't what I
there's no pets allowed house ruff ruff
ruff ruff ruff ruff ruff ruff you heard
me I'll be back soon have fun up there
oh god don't do anything I wouldn't do
okay so I shouldn't get laid yeah don't
get laid guys Megan hasn't been in the
vlogs for like four weeks but she's in
description for all of them because I'm
too lazy to change it Joey how's your
dog is it dead yet yeah my roommates and
I are getting hungry the audience are
like just put the film on already shut
the fuck up Jason talk come on I can
record in the movie theater area because
it was basically like a club and it was
super exclusive like they wouldn't let
anybody take their phones out or cameras
obviously but um between me nua
Tupac still life so I was walking down
Hollywood Boulevard
yeah be double-oh-seven like James Bond
yeah the real one I was like you're
double-oh-seven easy okay and I had the
the poster about that my double-sided
poster on me like can you sign this and
he did what yeah oh my god is that
authentic did you get authenticated not
yet should I know it looks legit to me
that's so sick dude we're to freakin go
you think you know what
well sure
what's that um you get angry and you're
turning into the hog slowly yeah welcome
to today's auditions are you ready no
okay well we'd have to begin because we
have a tight schedule okay ready and go
every Nev this is a commercial for M&M
size that we're gonna need you be a
little more enthusiastic let's put that
down and try again and go taste the
rainbow
no that's skittles food why do you think
you're gonna be fit for this role
another one did you came to my house
state your hype Texas 5 feet tall state
your name one more time Texas life just
state your name not the state go Texas
life no obviously can't do the state
your name thing just give me an amp just
give me your name are you doing what is
that what is this listen no okay listen
just just state your name just state it
what is that
now come ha ha ha ha let's have it today
so hug thanks for watching Kaelyn makes
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anything else to add liza you
okay what I was just trying to give you
an outro song do you have some no I like
the way you think
let you go
gonna live
