this views beautiful do the only now
make it better probably like a coke that
I can share a real friend a fucking
girlfriend make this shit better let's
get the fuck out of here dude What's
Wrong dude okay what do you mean I'm so
hungry
oh my stepmom sucks
why is what are you me together they
only different meatballs I am
your diet you want to get that I get
that too
that's too much
David God he's a fork but use a fork
sorry
I think so much lies I think she got a
rug
I'm just waiting for the red sign are
signe you had cold drinks
that's gonna be a cold winter 2013 15
this SP wet you got something he wear a
fever B's way is he in there I got off
those wagon beetles are getting more and
more complicated every day would you let
him play with your balls geez look how
they ruin the car with that bumper
sticker God not as dumb as that guy with
the handicap sticker fucking idiot oh
wow he's clever he'd always put that in
your mouth makes me cool what do you
mean kind of like cigarettes me okay I
think you all have your neighbors
Debbie look it's the movie you're out no
it's a documentary about my lifetime now
let's go under maybe you can see out
there scared
Bukit office every what you think in the
movie it was stall grows with so good
you know what else is so gross the fact
that I ever knows she's a goodbye to
your mother cream if you in your fucking
day Oh Jethro these a dirge give him to
homeless person see that's a giant fuck
you to the homeless question she cooped
us to the homey vibe right Debbie I
already out of this vlog there's only
two minutes and 20 seconds long so
you'll fill this you up yeah so feel
free to be as slutty as you want
that's Julius thing so what are you
gonna do try one of these ways what are
you I use them as paper weights no
they're for my read what what we've
notepad my life is gonna tempt a gum
trick I mean your girl so hey no one's
expecting anything from women everywhere
I go
oh my god that was terrible
body motion she's passing gas ago why's
your question like like that do it yes I
love reason you know you need a
healthier version to see oh no don't eat
too much in blonde no wanna be right out
laughing it's ha ha yeah what Alex
laughs ha ha ha
can't be what are you gonna do for
Valentine's Day oh maybe hang out with
Alex have a fucking chance and that's it
for today's vlog thanks for watching
Jordan makes you like subscribe tweet
bad david dobrik anything out that
positive night bad ha okay that'll work
bye masala
yeah
