now is you ready to go freeze any tall
trees what do you what do you mean
what's out well there's no reason really
bud
Toby who's your favorite sister aster
Sarah it's tough right because they both
suck I asked her tell me about your
YouTube channel what do you guys do on
there
on your YouTube channel do you guys
compete and who can post source video or
is that just how like ends up being
doesn't focus the balls are hard to
focus on even though it's all about that
with that uh about what
so we're sick I'm balls you told us
before no I dude I didn't stop I think I
just realized you know the basement I'm
like brother most spoiled kid Oracle
Tyler I'll talk about Mike's mom real
quick ok so 70 she grows Larry page's
what the fuck man there's a lot of
cocaine so she got into really fast like
a minute you could shoot anything but
there was something or do mother lon
and then Michael came out Mike okay oh
look out barfi is he is a result of
cocaine and Stephan david dobrik who you
know he oh my god David
give me a minute yeah we've gone in a
straight line squawk squawk like this
like this why why filming there ya go
nice way to use the wall Illya is a
girlfriend
she looks dude she looks cold she's
probably freezing sorry babe yo guys
this is a nicest remember Teresa what's
up sup see I'm checking on I'm just
letting you know your taxi you're good
thanks you want to be a badass kid
yeah oh my god Ilya what the fuck it's
not the cutting ruffling my word that
party dude Donald Trump how they such a
small dick that's why he writes his name
is such big fine Alex I think your
channel needs viagra or just a sex to
your truck I don't know Ellie about a
homeless woman food and I'm recording
this a hundred but not just for the
views yeah
Oh Merry Christmas marriages Happy New
Year guys makes you guys like and
subscribe for all these good deeds that
I'm doing I'm gonna miss you guys thanks
for driving to the airport if you guys
want guys guys I just got off my flight
I was on Spirit Airlines
I think someone's asked us before I'm
not sure but why would you name an
airline after something that you become
when you die sounds like a bunch of poop
lot I didn't know the flight from bitch
feel and at the same time as me bitch
what's up bad
you got on accutane yeah like no he's
blushing what'd you get for Christmas uh
Santa gave me some gift cards has not
retail ELYX yeah
this is dude that Santa gave me some
gift card Alex Santa's not real I'm not
gonna go over this with you again he's
that real dude yeah whatever you just
closed minded and I was in 19 years old
and you still believe in Santa Claus you
shut up
what would you shut up the moment of
truth seeing if damn fucked up our house
smells like fish yeah what the hell's
going on
I honestly can't tell if you make fish
everyday or if you a little pond
officious swimming around the living
room it's ones like shit near guys I
know this was short but that's because I
was getting on my flight and I was
thinking about Alex that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Dominic
make sure you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else at alex is
sleeping but he said something really
inspirational every time i wake him up
watch Alex wake up Alex Alex wake up
dude see something inspirational
subscribe to this YouTube channel
because uh he doesn't make boring videos
like a lot of other fucking boring
motherfuckers on this website Wow Wow
that was weird
another
