so I'm at the movie theater now I'm
going to teach you guys how to get free
popcorn a hundred percent of the time in
movie theaters a large popcorn is the
one that has free refills so all you
have to do is be on the lookout boom
booyah large popcorn bag after you get
the bag and want to rip it a little bit
take a big rip in it
this way you can ask for a brand new bag
so you don't have to use the same old
disgusting bag I'm a racecar but with a
new bag
go away right back up a lot
Brande fucking news where is it where is
it Mia where is it
oh here it is Tobey open your present
what does it say thank you to my
favorite sibling love love David Wow
what is your say it says Santa's not
real and then it says kind of love David
what is your say your adopted not really
but whatever I love David no that's not
how it goes
because you're adopted period not really
but whatever
love David sugar you're headed off so
this is like one of your favorite things
in the office right
are you actually alright stop Dave Dave
Dave come on dude father for my dad
right there for my dad you bought these
scissors your bad fucking swear to God I
will fucking hit you in the face David I
will fuck you up I swear to God I know
like your thing in your head like I'm
gonna doing that I'm gonna buy a new one
don't do it
what yeah mr. latrek I don't want to
miss the big C kidding
the taxi driver what a guy oh we found a
lot of fireworks from when we were
younger so it's it's time it's time
right Don yeah
damn could you at least act like you've
a personality huh this same firework
decapitated a person really oh I think
it's over there's only one way to tell
I'm gonna smell it I think that wasn't
in my I probably didn't going down so
because he's Asian he barely has them
come on how poorly shaved it is this
looks like one of those topics that
you've seen those dog commercials in the
danger love
oh shit
probably ocean currents minute you stuff
play with put it backwards cage getting
annoying Nick thank you but I said maybe
a little smell better everything counter
with your trash oh what the fuck dude
you got to eat your vegetables
Mayers fucking pay $110 to get in this
bitch the good speed spell
today's vlog thanks for watching
Samantha make sure you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik ask me a
question Sarah feels - pass me that ball
of course there's always something off
that have you ever gotten your whole
spill good oh my fucking god no
mugger
ah
the kids are good to go
