my sister wanted something crazy and
nuts for Christmas so imagine the look
on her face when I show her I got her
this watch okay Esther you know how you
want something crazy and that's for
Christmas
well I got you this open it which iPhone
is it open it
Wow isn't that cool isn't it not there
she is when she does laundry where
Mike's house right now basically we just
like picking on Mike and pretending
we're in love with his mom but I'm not
pretending we're in love with his mom
why are you promoting what are you like
it's you that gets provoked the most
you're poking him I don't anybody's
provoking anybody I think we're just in
love Michael why can't I be with your
mom Nick is making a snapchat for Mike's
mom Nick what's the name I'm Chris Knapp
chat Mike's mom 69
this is video Michael and I made like
three years ago and we're just showing
his mom we little firework in his room
and this is it you know really feeds
almost on fire
Sarah was there Sarah made us do it
what's next is it video Mike having sex
I'm just like having sex
just when I wish everyone a Merry
Christmas for my favorite sibling to you
guys after I don't know what you guys
came in here Toby Toby I want to wish
you Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
everyone
I love you Merry Christmas okay
hello wasn't done I wasn't fucking done
yet Merry Christmas
can you not eat at least for this shot
of the video Gabby merry Christmas to
everybody out there who wants to
celebrate with their families my
Christmas Happy New Year no you can look
at the camera oh it's not bad it's okay
yeah that's why getting fired soon enjoy
your holidays if you're not Christian
you're Jewish happy uh god I just want
to wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy
Hanukkah happy Kwanzaa all of that and
you know hope you have a good time with
your family this David what the fuck
dude yeah my bad anyways guys like I
would say ma'am just get thirty thousand
every Christmas for you peace yeah Merry
Christmas a Happy New Year I love
Christmas for the crystal oh ma where'd
you even kid you blows out of your
pocket are you gonna make it funny no
it's whatever you it's whatever you're
not gonna edit me and make me do say
something stupid
no I'm sayin Josie this is my we got
this visit to something very cuz it's Oh
Merry Christmas that's it you don't
carry Christmas guys hey guys it's me
Alex and I make really funny pines yeah
it can be nice go
Merry Christmas oh dear it's the
holidays Happy Hanukkah guy's license
been trying to use this joke for the
past month so here it is Liza it's not
Hanukkah oh do right do right Merry
Christmas guys David it's kind of crazy
how you flew all the way down here just
so you get this footage for your vlog
thanks I really just needed help with
this poem I'm writing do you have a word
that rhymes with lice nice when I go get
something to eat you look thin like
paper thin Merry Christmas
he says not gonna put it down there dude
come on hey fucking kidding me
don't wanna laugh
