what do you do to get a rockin hot bod
you got a rockin hot bod just say that
that's it but that bit ties yourself
yeah go ahead try you got a rockin hot
bod don't lie to yourself this is a dad
who really like Star Wars alright son so
this year for Christmas you can go see
Star Wars or Whedon you need some
presents like always
I don't like stars comedies you got the
presents this year alright your present
is Jason your tastes are potty look it's
The Container Store you take myself it's
dull never seen someone so excited about
a container to play in business
oho they still are Joe they must watch
the vlogs now $100 under well why don't
you just say we have no fucking sales
here how old is your bunny a year funny
David it's a dog I'm not from here
middle-aged okay we have my knees whores
and pizza oh goodness
wow it looks like you and you have a UTI
do it again yeah lose something by Fetty
WAP do Fetty WAP or kidding Kendrick
Lamar
yeah you want to go kidnap that little
kid how much come on yeah exactly
I wish for 25 cents damn it I wish for
another dollar no Alice oh my god dude
um ik Alice it doesn't work like that
he's stealing people's wishes he's
stealing people's wishes everyone look
least my wish came through a couple
Christmas gifts
I hid let me see what you get uh here's
here's what huh let's see it what is
this ah the notebook Alex I've already
seen this dude but I'll see I'll see the
other Christmas guest this is cool
thanks Alex I'll see the other guest
come here Alex hey listen just cuz I
don't like Alex for being mad enough an
apple this is your Gish what's your
Instagram by the way oh shit you can
follow me on instagram hasn't happened
in a while is just stupid white shit on
my face yeah I thought I was just come
from Dom oh I thought it's goodbye come
this is sweater maybe the way of a bitch
ah
makes you look cute so you said I look
like a bitch alright David
have a good flight I see Alex thanks for
driving me to go go have fun ok dude I
think you're supposed to get on the
flight oh why do we fit Steve I don't
know
oh Jesus Christ it's embarrassing to be
around it but it's fun to watch yeah I
told her I'm showing my Christmas cards
in my room aren't you saying is that
like this Christmas gotta do it you're
fucking sick Dom doesn't have a driver's
license but a couple weeks we got a fake
ID he doesn't use it for alcohol he just
used it to drive did you write this no
what does it say I like dick in the butt
not whatever withdraw honest remember
dude don't kiss any underage girls so be
really hard for him though cuz this
motto is if she's old enough to pee
she's holding up her Mickey I probably
chose one of the most suspicious backs
come to the airport with that's a
hundred percent because I like the
attention
now it's honestly so suspicious that
during the flight I was scared to sit
back that I was gonna fucking I asked
for today's vlog thanks for watching
Jordan make sure you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik heading out bad
look they're so new to this or stupid i
have to make this binary kick don't you
hate it when you're sober
McDonald's is so gross look
I'm trying to get one man in the city
where I
