we're China answered this party put the
doors lock so we're having a hard time
what should we do look David you know I
don't want to be that black guy yeah I
never wanted to be that black guy but I
think today I'm gonna have to be you
gonna jump over it the only rat I see
here is you top model and no idea with
you you look so beautiful
I love can understand her even though
she says two English words in every
sentence come on new car not mine but no
Josh yes it's Josh's we're here cuz it's
very Dawn's baptism today I'm glad
you're gonna let David disrespect one of
the most important days of your life I
accept you motherfuckers in my life you
doing so well without bring that fucking
gun you liked it better when you had no
but they're too busy seconds of mistakes
oh is that real oh my god are you
fucking kidding me
are you giving him head back there are
you fucking joking Karina is this real
what the fuck yo are you guys serious
right in front of my salad come the
bangbus no thanks fucking polka-dotted
ochio terrific now live on the scene
reporting on what happened in the get
closer to the fire put your hand in
there so you can fucking loggers in the
fucking car no you already came in the
car too far to what dude
its head in the back to your car you can
do that yes a lot it was real that was
real wait that was actually a Jason that
was reached has not letting me use any
of it that was 100% real no it was no
Todd that's like do we get in my room
there's some special privileges when
you're doing it in my car that's like a
robber robbing somebody's house and be
like you can't call the cops did you
blow job in the door if you didn't get
this shit hey babe babe listen maybe
just like in the bathroom at the bar
mitzva wait we're going back to town can
I blow jumping back in the fucking car
if they're all my friends were in the
car yeah Todd are you high I didn't know
that was real
deny the blowjob so it's not it's fake
anyways yeah right argument if you guys
think it's fake you're all dumbass this
is the face we see after what just
happened this is for Brandon that's
watching Amy miss you like a subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys linked in
description I'm going to leave tide and
current as YouTube channels and all
their social media is by far they're
both my favorite creators I love right
now he's you know Randy fucking right in
your living room
