Wow
pretty cool of you for kissing good
morning Liza Liza Liza Liza my god Liza
my God where is she Liza oh look I know
you were here
that bed you did it good Liza party oh
thank god
much better much easier this is driving
with Liza
me
I just got a haircut yes it's true I got
a haircut yesterday way to take a
fucking spotlight from me David Alex you
want one of these are two of these
how many is enough fucking up our
friendship people are actually starting
to believe it I mean it's true but like
I don't want people to actually know it
okay it's it's really annoying and I'm
getting so many comments
yeah always like that I do okay you're
belongs not supposed to autistic guys
watch this inception it's the cart and
inside it is another car and inside that
is a milk cart ten dr. crane I have to
come up with a pun right now dude that
was so cheesy man just go and go man go
Alex will pin you on that one or this
one um this one that no one kind of
smells it's some house it's a bin dude
how Becky see I told you god I've been
in there for so long
onion onion onion and yup onion onion
onion cutie cutie yeah will you turn me
on yeah say cheese okay
sorry you're sexy that's David nice
icebreaker did you know this targets 24
hours 24 hours huh we could stay here
till the break of dawn pal flies at the
airport I'm gonna miss her hey don't
forget my other suitcase I'm gonna miss
you too bye David that's just that
doesn't feel left out would you actually
visiting my place cluttering my ficus
morning your ficus no I just always
wanted to say that whenever I leave town
this guy's license plate makes it look
like a bus my God look at that boat
David stop playing around goodbye David
bomb
ding Merry Christmas I please god I used
him for the ride to the airport
oh I think it's recording is that fine
ah yeah thanks Arbor Day May Alex yeah
there's a camera on my bed oh come on
daddy and I are gonna play a quick game
of how much we know each other and ask
other questions and we write down the
answers want to see if we get the same
thing
what's your favorite food so he's gonna
write down his favorite food um I try to
guess coming up my oh yeah yeah you're
right on your favorite food all right
yeah okay um he'll be camera on chard on
three one two three I see your show oh
boy we're not playing this you're not
putting this you ready to die bitch oh
now what Jack that's it for today's vlog
thanks for watching glory make sure you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
i have a new game idea so before adding
this vlog alex is gonna guess how long
this vlog is and I'm gonna guess how
long this value is if you get it right I
have to blow you and if I get it right
you have to blow me I take your guess
417 okay my guess is 440 dude what the
fuck
you can't just voiceover like that rules
are rules buddy I guess you're right
you
