Alex hurry up we're gonna be late five
minutes Jesus Christ dude don't give me
fucking attitude hurry up what is that
what is this god dammit out parking in
LA is impossible is a little trick on
how to park anywhere you want if it's
permit parking only just take an old
receipt take your gum out put it on the
back of the receipt and put it right up
there now looks like you got a permit we
good look at that I look like just like
any other car okay now I sound pretty
confident about that but that's actually
my first time doing that and if it works
I'll be very happy it's been like a good
40 minutes so I'm a little nervous to
see my car stolen okay I think my genius
idea did not work at all or maybe just
someone left me a love note on my car
yay $64 they awarded me $64 for basis in
the fucking creative tt is rocking up in
that garage would have been like 700,000
so I think I made a pretty good deal
with this stupid idea doesn't work Dougy
now I have to go somewhere else which
allows me to give you my second tip of
partying in LA when you have to park
somewhere you don't want to pay for the
meter all you do is put your old parking
ticket under the windshield so it looks
like you just got one and there's no way
you're a second you look at this view oh
shit oh you can see my car getting towed
it didn't work guys hi guys moment of
truth
hey what's good see I told you work I
just saved two dollars turn around
facing the wall and then when the music
breaks down you know and Taylor Swift
goes that's when your guys are gonna
turn around and that's when the
musically is gonna really start has been
here
this is so weirdly insig and it wasn't
planned at all
you know what I'd love about school
zones the children yeah and like how
flex slow they make you drive so gives
you a longer time to look at the kids
why does it smell like poop in here
oh I stepped in poop where'd you step in
poop my bathroom you have a dog I know
look at this lost dog poster oh yeah I
swear this is the sexiest lost dog I've
ever seen in my life
oh shit that's the sweater day softest
thing in the world it was literally like
touching baseball how would you know
what touching a babies bottoms like I
don't you're the one that always talks
about how soft their great purse is but
what if you're not a mermaid that's a
really fucking cool car it's not yeah
it's not thankful
what do you mean is it smoke cigarettes
David does it why does it smoke
cigarettes no then it's not a cool car
okay I guess sure I'm sure write down
the star real quick
Oh silly blues Allah will poop in there
hopefully that was your cue hey hey
what's up what's up why the blank stares
let her forgot my camera to see I was
recording is that fine you guys are
fucking strange I'll see you guys later
okay do spicy chicken - like sandwich
battle Charlie rue the milkshake Felicia
gasps place horrible normal geek OOP it
was me so I have to premium you put on
ot That's not me but if you got an order
for Donald Trump that I'm in Thanks oh
you do yeah nice what is that oh yeah hi
dog
oh wow okay hi that's it for today's
vlog thanks for watching Amanda makes
you like subscribe to me at David over
anything else add guys yeah maybe the
fact that I'm the one holding the camera
