come on Alex oh my gosh so know you're
like a little kid get in the fucking car
right Oh
it cracked under the pressure cuz this
heat is so cute can you just push the
fucking meaning leg every time we want
to try to get a fucking bind up you got
shit to do I told him to push the
meeting better alright we'll visit
thanks man
cabbie improv dance go twinkle twinkle
little star how I wonder how we got so
far not coming to my improv show you
didn't talk about it I thought you just
knew why would I know
because you like me yeah hit it twice Oh
gross so you're not gonna go no I was
just kidding they said you're really
funny
ah thanks Gabi I think it's a sold-out
show has anyone seen my fall I don't
even think I'm in the right planes
what's up who's that so on the snow yeah
it's no one lies on oh man you coward
Liza it's no one mr. Wade yo this is the
threesome we've been waiting for dude
I'm Bella Julia oh there she is
hey Liza can you please close the door
I'm good thank you what's parole oh
jesus that most crazy thing a Muslim oh
good
how old's Elmo Elmo gets drunk blasts
open your mouth let's go coming around
okay okay no need it this is the first
time we're gonna library this is this
could be a big deal guys we may be able
to read some books for the first time
well now read maybe get the audio books
is nothing right I oh well they didn't
have any fucking movies so that's
pointless eyes what's wrong with her wow
you guys and I'm not gonna lies clomidia
yo Joe I don't have my phone I'm gonna
call it yeah hey where are you oh it's
in the car thank God you guys were I get
stockings no no the good bananas are
bottom row yeah
I've actually got who I don't get that
that's the dumbest thing you could
possibly ever buy 25 bucks wanna get
three of them grab some veggies
motherfuckers you oh la see you Manila
by the flowers that's so unlike you
it is no different all toys do you know
where I can find just some of the toys
Neverhood Jesus Christ you're killing in
guess what this guy's name is what are
you blonde do you understand I'm
vlogging yoo-hoo hey listen blog this is
you that's my name my mom didn't name
you net yeah see the wheel we still
don't believe it there's probably more
letters to it but unfortunately man this
is how you get right here this is you
yeah we go upright improv but now this
time we're watching it not doing it we
found out we suck so we're just gonna
give that a pass for now
yeah
okay we don't know what that was that's
it for today's vlog thanks for watching
and that makes you like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik anything else
that sassy out don't go in here what's
in there not going there but fucking
worry about don't go in there let me see
move to get out Alex move Alex what the
fuck what's in there oh just garbage I'm
on a boat a.m. just go inside and i got
a nautical themed pashmina afghan i'm
the king of the world on a boat like leo
if you own the show
