no way where are we right now Gabby um
gate to where a gate through our Warner
Brothers Gaby's doing something really
cool that we don't get to be a part of
but we're her plus two
it's ridiculous that Khan's going out of
business and I have to take over because
I'm so much fun here it's kind of nice
David we're just I know we're here to
all play video games have fun but let's
switch to Jack Phillips
I want to be in your YouTube videos why
because if I want 47 people to see me
I'll go somewhere else no recording I
didn't know what's up supposedly you're
blogging supposing to me which I'll do
that yeah I'm gonna put that in to here
and say that yeah really good they're
better than yours
that doesn't take much dude Longview
campus yeah oh here for grant oh man get
some free shit how badly do you want to
beat the shit out here when Gabby's on
her period
girls are on their period they have
Krampus
free promo you should put some clothes
on heat the hosts ago Scottie have
another forever come on already gave you
working out I'll make you quit
it's the road okay the quality on this
camera is fucking ecstatic extravagant
oh my god I was just stretching my
Nouveau when life hands you lemons I'm
gonna pass you this ball without hitting
the pool ready
Scottie let me hear your best voice dude
will you take it from me oh where I'm
going
Oh
miss me when I'm gone huh yeah what is
that smell
I don't know dude maybe something from
outside and maybe crabbing wood knocks
David do you think there's a little
available for filming I don't know I I
think there's a lot Jesus Christ Julia
get this bitch off the couch no no no
what follows the gonna son that's just
like the persona you play on my boss now
you're actually a spot like I don't want
some things whatever I'll see you later
where are you going oh you want to do a
quick interview I don't know just for
fun memories are you guys from where are
you from where's your accent from
oh you're Russian we're Russian - right
now oh my god that we're always our
servers last name
whoo Liza happy where I don't know David
Matthew whoo who's your favorite person
hang out
Aled can we stop talking about Alex yeah
you have to kill one person who would it
be
Alex fine pulley great John huh
sexually kill Alex sexually Jesus Christ
Liza
what's your ride in an amusement park
who is one person that you hate hanging
out with good me oh yeah me too if I
hate that guy god damn it what happens
then you saw like a big brother and a
little brother fighting Hey
I just trust the big brother let's take
David yo how you doing okay unleash your
inner fuck boy guy some guys just want
to say pray for Syria you're like you
have head lice that's it for today's
vlog thanks for watching faith us like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
and do you guys have anything else dad
guess you get it on our face and you get
a little fucking power out so my man I
don't care what's in your hair
no it's on your mind I used to say I
wanna die before am
