wiser can you close that door open yeah
that one no not that one that one
alright guys it's Alex hey Alex
what are you doing at the airport what a
coincidence seeing Alex see when I'm
picking up at ocean Alex picking up Alex
you kiss your mom Alex to kiss your dad
Alex since you've been gone
we got a new pad Freddie I'm just gonna
give thumbs campus yo guys from what Dom
just got do you guys think that he's
into himself or that he's into himself
these are stickers of my head what are
you gonna use him for damn I'm gonna put
them on things for what this is how you
get girls you're probably well you're
gonna go to elementary schools and put
them on their lockers and hope that one
of you tells you you're fucking sick
dude Oh Gaby's why don't go okay I'm
gonna close the door they sent you voice
messages dude to motivate you to come
ready listen listen
wait is it cause like we call not to
yeah it's all about to go you asked me
mother they're gonna let me make the
voice message to dude oh dude I don't
think I'm eccentric don't look actually
I should that one by one
yeah actually said that remember you
don't even know I did oh fuck fuck
Alison Nina Reiser where's Alex he's not
here hey he's gonna probably gonna stop
by later maybe later yeah oh you come
back with him what all right I will
we're doing McDonald's no you just
promoted McDonald's here by McDonald's
McDonald's guys David you might as well
be throwing cigarettes if you're gonna
promote McDonald's
well cigarettes are good for you so I
would I not promote
everybody go buy some cigarettes because
we my your family pack of cigarettes
make sure everyone's smoking for the
holidays it's a good thing to do be
really addicted to cigarettes with all
of this
I love being addicted to cigarettes AJ
so annoying when people are like
cigarettes kill yeah cigarettes kill why
no no
you're boring and make it fun now we're
totally kidding you don't have to have
your own cigarettes
you can borrow someone buy cigarettes
good on ya yeah guys ready Keith is
gonna kiss you alright really quick
let's me kisses I don't know why he's
acting like this you're happy every
single day no I I swear to god you want
to kiss me like on the lips yeah David I
kiss you on the lips every day by force
and I always put on my cheek and you
always turn my hat force don't make me
look like a that word I don't to say it
but a ref it was for filming if I'm
gonna be on my page by the way guy said
David come on sorry I'm ready oh my god
wait y'all fire yeah and go did you pee
yourself oh it's for your vine I got wet
yeah right from the water okay fucking
peed myself
so what hey can you well this one second
yep hahaha hey what about Alex Alex ass
thing what Z guys guys Alice she's ass
toasted put your banana peel on the
blanket like that it's disgusting
dude oh sorry it's okay
okay damn it guys where we got it now
Chris you tell us we're going to the
Hollywood Christmas break don't lie
we're going to liquor store so Chris can
get drinks and then we're going to go to
the Hollywood fruit that's something
someone says I can't make friends my
friends coming something was your friend
I want a wife so bad actually
yeah then she came funny he's friendly
how much how much for him right now I
want to take him home okay Bernie you're
honestly - disgusting you're who - my
life can you not send nudes while we're
at the parade the officers stop horsing
around
sent a big fans and a TMZ I seen all
your stuff I'm naughty boys you're here
for a parade you giant penises I got to
see Karina I didn't pull my pants down
Liza where's Alex hey no no no no wait
wait wait
he's right here laughing out with me
why's that
Oh can I come too no no no oh fuck big
idea this is like a double day except
where do you know that Julia's gonna end
up putting out favor that's your best
response I mean of course like no do you
like what is that cheap fur how much was
that mmm 20 bucks well that's really
sheep a lot of you guys are probably
wondering how to get your first kiss
such they haven't helped you guys put
this is our cars ready we have to
pretend like we've never kissed before
ya know um I'd say uh
things are moving pretty much don't you
I that's it for today's vlog thanks for
watching Natalie make sure you like it
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else to add all right you guys
don't you mean anything else to ask
please hold it the right way Julia Julia
never went to with school she just suck
dick all our life
Jason waterfall
I
