Samantha what you mean you don't wanna
be in my pot shit yo what's up this is
actually the first vine party like of
its kind how long is it gonna last six
seconds why don't you just fucking play
line with my jokes okay say it again I
wonder how long it's gonna last six
seconds I stole your joke you were ready
to say it hope there's a lot of sigh
boards right Nick I can't ride side
boards
oh well that's shitty way to depress me
what did you get Alex I won this it's
one two last ones in existence along
Megan have you been hooking up with
other guys behind his back what are you
gonna say to that big Nick's quick
update on everything in your life oh
that was good be honest with me I
already gave I already gave you my
husband how much are you like obsessed
with me right now be honest so much oh
my god stop you're making me blush
what do you have to say about your your
success so far that's it you are really
good with your time with you happy oh
I'm never funded
sure yo Alice earth and I reporting here
for big live live picnic live any fuckin
abuse this is what happens at
brennentaylor
I make shitty life what an honest guy I
didn't know but I think he gets my
breath birthday Make A Wish my vlogs to
get more views oh it's so cute tag a
friend so they see this is Dobek here
whoa slow just open right here hey Matt
Matt I hear his pathetic voice but I
can't see that fuck about Wow how do you
feel about mapping the right out of the
air
I'm not ashamed of that at all ah what
about you Heath I've had three meatballs
and a couple of major drinks so I feel
fine Jason aren't you a little old for
temporary tattoos this is are you trying
to impress your kids whoa I can't
believe I caught that on tape oh my god
is that it alien moped oh that's one of
those like polar eclipses or something
no no Julia what are you doing
Oh sexy Oh placing people julia has to
be like a slut and everyone I might like
every time I put the camera I've never
met you before
what Jesus cry need a little nervous I'm
nervous I think I might throw up I'm not
very physically active but every time
before thout I got you Scotty staff
we're under person I'm touching first
what support house it should definitely
be backwards
Julia every scene a pretty fucking scene
boy that's six pizzas who's putting
that's not going on my tab
I ain't texted me this morning is like
we're having a cookout oh yeah here's
the cook here's the cookout after P so
come in ha you have a lot of wine in
your mouth
I love cover my mouth your bottle what
gum uh he'll let you jump in here every
time we have to I don't trap you in here
get the fuck back in here we have to put
this fire out dude David Jesus waters
that hold me think do we put this fire
out get it out of the state go no you
need to stay away from our feets and go
back where you belong to nature yeah
Gaby stick it to all oh my gosh look at
this little ant oh why did you do that
it had so many nieces and nephews so I
called everybody to this meeting today
to discuss where did I see that raise
your hand please where you do personal
bathroom god girls are not funny yeah
girls are Allan candid camera recording
you officer I'm recording you oh oh yeah
Megan oh Jesus
she showed her tips so well but I'm only
gonna put the part where you shake your
ass I'm not putting that party
bugles are they clean
why is it you want a coke yes all right
hold on yeah here daddy hi that's it for
today's vlog thanks for watching Roger
make sure you like subscribe thank you
watch David but I just wanna say - frog
make sure to subscribe so you get shit
ever be Taiji double D's making me go
all the people on the screen oh please
down lid making keys go
