feel like if I pull this I'll pull up a
blonde white guy what yeah why so think
your little nuts
Oh where's your coat from Alex where we
gone ah
we're like 30 minutes late for the
double-oh-seven premiere real ah to
record the movie um as long as you don't
absolutely not debbie has a celebrity
crush area yeah little fucking lost
weight lose it I know but who is it I
fucking do actually okay so gavi's been
freaking out about this guy that played
Neville on Harry Potter and it's not a
chance I have to go to right now in my
life you're still really hot no he's
behind you okay so I've really been
fangirling for a solid two out like
literally shaking spilling my fucking
drink over this guy I think he's Matthew
Lewis I'm like telling everybody no
amazing and you like surface
comprehension they're just rude
it's just some Dirac how do you feel
having just some dude
I'll take me good this Harry
potter-themed maybe come for the joke
what do you get when you sleep with a
wizard Gordian lovey oh so now you get
Hogwarts what no one laughs now it's
where we going
don't you fucking out I don't know ok
does that spy watch what does it do
flies on you no way spice this button
right here actually gets me footage of
you in the shadows a camera Alex you
know I don't shower
who wouldn't watch it if you look super
southern right now thanks man Oh going
you don't have a pocket that's a little
obnoxiously big don't you think yeah we
get it you make videos Eric what's up
dude no over here Eric Eric what the
fuck
first to Alex through fear finally
what's better than one hours no era
fucking literally normally I don't do
this but if it means a lot
this is why I quit college guys this is
what about you what you do out
ah you are my boy no oh you're other bad
what do they have you know it's like
probably diarrhea you gotta wait here
for your burrito right yeah yeah cool
house let's go here we'll follow us
fuck you Brandon Alex and I really
really had a fun time this has been one
of the best nights of my life day
Totti where we going we go to the
restroom and we're going to see who has
to be your dick Liza you can stay here
we already know you're the biggest dick
sure
save it what are you doing do you guys
know which one you guys want cuz I think
these two are it we should get the
stocking for you cuz I'm Alex no cuz
you're an asshole I have a when your
Brussels sprout up in your bout to go
hang out with BAE
shaved Brussels yeah got them in it a
shiho's your level pistachios I'm not
sure if I'm the only one I have no idea
what the fuck these things are sorry
ma'am
that's just a joke say a limited time
only how much time do I have left is it
four days five thanks for watching this
event shut the fuck up
make sure you like to subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik anything else to add I
think I said everything
