go give them a hug while your butt naked
kill go gun and run go go good girl how
is it why are you back here ah Jesus
Christ
hi guys Jonah has a girl over in my room
right now I told him that there's no way
that I was gonna come in this time but
that's because Jason's been hiding in
the bathroom for 30 minutes and he's
gonna pop out and scare him are you sure
it's getting smaller guys wanna stop in
my Bank in Santa Claus decided to dress
up as the elf today Santa Claus heard a
burglar downstairs one of the oh my god
I don't smoke anymore I don't drink you
have no content to film with me you
can't talk about a film in a week what
and hope that I relapse by that yeah we
have something for you okay oh my
freaking God is one of your best of
jokes listen listen listen
was it yes he's right here
oh the funniest guy on YouTube where we
show a similar bird would you like to
sit on my lap be able to get you a job
admission good mining tiny little helper
of Santa Claus come on in Santa spray
not exactly barred on mrs. Claus is at
home this is my side she rode in on here
and from the Clarence coupe what is it
like hook it up with Santa Claus I mean
let's just say the only place he comes
down the chimney
oh you on the street made you what
you'll fucking dick underneath the
fucking sway when I have access to
everyone's house in the entire world
well Corona has the keys to every
fucking man in North America how did you
deliver all those presents in one night
oh I just take a ton of adderall and
fucking go that's watching ass with make
sure you like subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else to add Todd
no say the joke do we do a different one
I want to sit over my log you wanna save
it for your vlog wait a second time
don't you want people to hear it though
out
that's that's that's it was this way oh
shit we're in a bad neighborhood
