hey do you wanna fuck I've a list I
can't just get rice krispies treats out
loud what are we about to do we're about
to do pumpkin carving challenge if it
sounds shitty it's because it is shitty
it's not shitty well you know the
pumpkin mess everywhere dude what up
bitch Jews are on everything you fucking
ass oh you can't swim that's so cute so
happy clothes on oh it splashed me dude
I get a little water on my face
Scottie ended up getting pushed in the
pool three times so go on a shout shake
it out I'm gonna stab him but that's
gonna be on his channel so go check that
out too
we're here to help oh thank god I need
it where you go no I can't be look at
this in case you don't know how to hold
your phone they give you this bike
handlebars and you can FaceTime people
by using the handlebar you're blowing
Mason I'll chew it like you're blowing
me you better not people on me dude I'm
not gonna see you for a while
shit man I have fun don't do anything I
wouldn't do and there's a little there's
a lot of things that I would do so you
know hey last time what's your Instagram
buddy you deserve this all of me on
instagram and alice is dropping me off
at the airport to go to New York are you
actually crying no yes
what are you gonna miss most about me oh
absolutely fucking nothing you were just
crying in the fucking hallway Alex
crying fucking tears of joy yeah car
December radio show Alex Hangouts
improvised sure no round daily I'm gonna
miss you
what the fuck was that dude ICF I want a
good ah what hi Alice left me it's gonna
be a long lonely flight only there was
like someone's super cool to come fly
with me
uh-huh damnit I really wanted someone
super cool becomes over three well how
this airport's the bomb David you can't
see that why can give the airport a big
ego David look let me see
Liza thank you can you give it to Alex
for me what I keep leaving my bag places
but I gotta stop doing that cuz it looks
super suspicious and I'm at an airport
sometimes a bag isn't just a bag you
hear that buddy
you're gonna be a stop
yo guys I don't know if it's just me but
I think our plane is ginormous it takes
up the whole state of Illinois David
what's wrong what'd you say thanks Bob
is heavy just got the New York I love
all these welcoming signs just leaving
New York don't let go quick fun fact
about New York one in 21 people here are
millionaires and then there's Liza and
that who are fuckin a billionaire
we get it you smoke you know what I did
I did this we're from LA you Oprah Liza
so how are you don't do this it's only
reversal this towel rack warms up your
towels is PJ's long it was kind of short
just because we were on the plane the
entire time so they wouldn't let film
cuz Liza couldn't get through the metal
detector cause she got something in a
vagina but um thanks for watching
agreement coos I hope I said the name
correctly like I subscribed tweet me at
david dobrik you got it it's coins oh
thank god let's go play some games
close
