kids like I can't see shit okay I'll be
right let you grab the lighter I mean
the elevator no hater please we did you
smoke Oh
battery the same assault charge that Dom
gets when he hangs out with girls you
know you're at your lowest point in your
life
cheddar cheese balls they have fake
security camera fool your family to
thinking you're safe when you're
actually fucked hi can I get a number
ten I also can't read so I'm hoping that
just in affect my decision with the
number 10 so can I get to number 10
hello what do you think that says yeah
we should probably go back to school
what uh I ride that thing yeah honey get
off first you ready come write it okay
guys
was that okay that's it you want to come
in we're filming a video
no come on we take off our shirts you
have an H debate you still look 85 it's
great yeah bye daddy
yeah bye dad see it oh look at all the
little kids playing baseball with those
tasks yeah actually they look pretty
tight
sike
give me some dirty beatboxing right now
oh that's really clean give me something
dirty
Wow that ending threw me off I think
that was a stretch that was nothing a
stretch David come here what come here
well head come here OOP always touch
another thing cuz I like my hey Liza you
still thirsty enjoy some bitch shoes wet
well you ruined the pond by if people
were like squirrels this home will be
sold what a cocky asshole I want you to
come away with me
I'd love to let's go
Scottie where'd you get that Gabby Shaw
mask since I driving with lies up part
two
and David's vlogs stay away I couldn't
fight it I let you be knighted
and it is No
you
is so small oh no slay it look is that
good
please no bills over 20 what if you're a
bill that's just turned 21 you can't
order I think he has a good one was this
no refills once you leave the store no
no no you want to go to stardollars
coffee okay it makes sense
haha Wow - and one candle in there hey
James live by a little bit lower toddy
sure yeah there we go
I rub his dick this is off camera
obviously okay okay perfect good time
okay that's it for today's vlog verses
oh my god I'm not putting that in I
don't know how to edit probably gonna be
stuck in there
thank you for today's vlog make sure you
like to subscribe thanks for watching
Cody the husky tweet me at david dobrik
vaginal sex with Randall's and anal sex
is grandmas
you
