for the wrong doggystyle by also I come
that was worth getting this toilet
smells disgusting someone had a little
pre-show shit lives in a pineapple under
the sea Gabby
this is the exit oh all right
oh it's not an exit
read it stuff we don't go to school
we're buyers Carrie what's in the bag
like your underwear
no man we're missing what don't talk
like that he's red okay see really yes
my bad
are you okay zadie Yuki help him out oh
that's it the song dogs make some now
yeah yeah all right well we already got
the thumbnail so I was like it's Annika
actually it out you guys laters shut
sure the door by Carina maybe you should
have a fun personality with like hanging
out with you right oh what the fuck
ah Carina you actually look better with
that on thank God you guys added another
TV though cuz it was really fucking
terrible just - Scotty say something
racist black people have assessees
nothing cuz I'm Scotty and I'm a shitty
fucking person in my brain suckers yeah
you voiceover me god
you don't know what we use right there
oh holy shit it is for it is for that I
really like that that is awesome
it kind of makes me uncomfortable if you
don't have a girlfriend and you have
that that will make me a little
uncomfortable
she has best friends yeah I was gonna
say hi silly oh give me that kiss bye
Corinna give me that kiss psych you ugly
as fuck bitch only Scotty gets kisses
enough Zipporah
oh god babe you were supposed to go so
close where you could like cut it open
look like you're actually gonna do it oh
my god okay so because we saw those
burritos okay that phasing everybody oh
you're such a bitch
yeah Justine I thought good I love you
I'll see you later where are we going
Corina the stripclub
succeeded gonna we're not going to your
work we're going to Buffalo albums I'm
not working in it's not really denied my
my water right I mean grana why are your
pants ripped you don't want people to
think I have daddy issues okay why'd you
look directly into the camera when you
said that cuz she has daddy issues David
I'm hoping my dad's watching
flu shots today no thank you I don't
drink so from now on I'm gonna shove the
most active people that I see on my
Twitter Instagram snapchat vine Facebook
and if I see you my notifications a lot
I'm gonna shout you out and put you
right at the outro where I like and my
vlogs I'll show you how I do when i post
someone's day on my bathroom and now
it's 5 a.m. and i wrote asleep because
it pussy's but fear my notifications
there's a chance you're gonna shout out
yeah go follow me and all those things
cool see you back I'm gonna let down on
this vlog thanks for watching today's
vlog make sure you like and subscribe
and we have to and twit me at david
dobrik and follow me
Oh
