oh no Alex just a joke I got my I love
needles
yeah sure done I'm ready to go Alex
why'd you close the door dude Alex
what's bothering you why are you closing
every door I don't know are you crying
is it your boxers is it cuz they're
still poopy from last night your fucking
dare tell don't you fucking do better
Liza
yeah we should have a pillow fight go go
go
yo do you have a pen Liza
those are tennis balls why don't you use
your head ha ha oh my god this is a
freestyle bike Straight Outta Compton
bike named razor is it just me or is
kind of cold man have you seen this it's
just a stupid bone why would dogs fall
for this I've been fucking real you
shoot that ball one more time you're
banned from Target yeah what up bitch
come back tomorrow come back tomorrow
lies and I are gonna try the new
Halloween Burger King whopper cuz it
looks fucking scary and disgusting so
English second up here hi can I get two
of the African American Halloween
whoppers I wouldn't have the Halloween
whopper to know what you want the
Halloween whopper new Burger King who it
is new Burger King who it is
hi can we get two african-american
whoppers please I'm back to African
American whoppers please oh we don't
have
why because it's racist no I'm not sure
why do you have the Caucasian ones okay
you're Caucasian ones sorry the white
ones the White Walkers can I have a
whopper dipped in chocolate so I feel
like I'm eating the black whopper
Chipotle Mexican Grill where them grills
that you said Greg said girl my English
mother
yeah I said I just wanted to stop by and
tell you we don't want to be friends
with you anymore
bye Gaby wish that's it it was an
average time maybe if you'd stop using
us for my funny blogs
it's annoying big Gaby I got your nose I
got it would we do with you know my nose
Gaby you can tired of it you can't smell
seriously good stop no breathe David oh
it's not funny Liza Gaby it's just under
bad it's just a nose it's my nose David
give it to me here as I Eliza this is
our cue a about the other letters of the
alphabet
what's your favorite continent that's
also uh I won't catch it
oh they said kind of it what are you put
in the suitcase other than luggage big
Nick I'm gonna keep it as a take to make
a light bulb one Thomas Edison Thomas I
was it Emma Clyde well hey good Noah
didn't he just took the idea and took
credit for it oh just like your vines
yes leave it on a big trick I'm gonna
miss her a lot I got me
oh good thumbnail motherfuckers huh no
but that's it for the vibration like to
subscribe tweet me at David Dover that's
what it is um yeah
anything else dad because you're leaving
oh I'm sorry that your views are gonna
go down so far because I'm not gonna be
here but I'll be back to your visa
unless you
wrong-o my dick oh yes ha so cute
oh you so much my views aren't going
down just yet
