okay so you went in the back your phone
is cracked and you told them I'll give
you a handjob if you give it to me for
free yeah I paid $32 for the case are
you serious yeah shit you need me to fix
your file okay so big Nick just sent me
this saying we out here that's him right
outside our place and now we're gonna
pull a prank on Roberta start yelling
and pretended like we fucking hate him
yeah he's right out there in general
easy okay here we go
no down next probably gonna be here soon
ah fucking damn it what I'm gonna get
the fucking bag dude I can't fucking
stand Nick dude I'm tired of this
bullshit ah why did you let him come
over David I didn't fucking let him come
over I'm gonna go outside to the leasing
office and sort this out this beats
anything just think of the fucking
hallway you're so lazy
take off the trash I didn't want to why
can't I just leave it there Alex yeah
yeah you're right it does look pretty
fucking disgusting you guys ready
target briefs way the scare jump go I
don't have a freeze frame but Alex does
you can't restrain me later
no not in real life in editing hi Alice
we'll be back okay Oh witch for
Halloween because I'm magical no cuz
your ugly ass puck magically ugly holy
Liza what kind of candy is that what I
know what kind of candy look what look
Oh
David have you tried a cocoa bender
David David David David Lord you can
dress up as a Gabby show ha ha ha good
luck finding your apples now Liza we
were for our day
David wunderbar is it do you like butt
stuff
no like anything but sigh oh so you like
bad stuff no anything but stuff not
stuff I hate stuff Liza what are you
getting God ever been meaning to buy
some chocolate would somebody say
chocolate
what's your favorite roller coaster to
rise on Peter
all right she let me do magic oh um
follow me on Instagram
it's app are you gonna keep that in oh
yeah okay cool look okay I wouldn't get
an Instagram shoutout whoa yeah all
right later guys right now I'm going to
zan heats new place my first time going
it's supposed to be a pimp-ass fucking
place so I'm fucking excited you have a
fans dude oh my god shit
oh you guys haven't seen my house yet
dude that's how you know you made it
when you have a fucking fence come on
hurry up oh where the dog goes you have
a dog you have two dogs and a dog that's
what happens when you make it big on
vine the cage they give you dogs funded
by dogs holy shit we haven't we haven't
made accounts for them yet but fuck is
this our pool no that's not we got a hot
tub right there we gave her a little
area right there we holy shit you guys
are fucking living the life to pluck DVD
what's up
Karina what are you watching this girl
has a camel toe are you watching your
own videos yeah if you ever want to feel
like a fucking douchebag just get one of
these what a talented kid sign him up
holy cow it's nuts why is he putting my
dick on her nut bread what's up why did
I back you cuz you bucking a suck I
brought the back in just for that pun
Gabi how'd you get your own face on
these dolls I hired one of those sexy
mates to clean up the apartment but they
sent me this bitch that's it for today's
vlog makes you like to subscribe tweet
me at david dobrik and actually tweet me
cuz none of you fuckers ever tweet me
and it's a problem anything off that
Gaby four plus six
oh I get anything else to add
