you know that moment when you're out
partying really late and then you wake
up and you're in a stranger's bed and
then you wake up reducing your energy I
feel about our first sold-out show
that's crazy
thank you for coming see I'm at the
improv show chin that went home but you
should probably take a less pick it up
Zayn one two three to the fold
oh my god young your mum don't fucking
roll ah yeah she good time by Lana's mom
yeah man what you got for that fuck
brahh wise and I our own idea I came
here sir with Alex but unfortunately
because of this time we love pets but
they can't shop at IKEA we can get in so
this time we didn't bring Alex and now
we're getting in actually French my
entire department we're here boy
just these yeah I'll see you later
no it's to help you masturbate Liza oh
you'll be playing a game with these
keyboards make you look like you're so
busy go watch what are you working on
what okay well that's a huge shower
where you belong so wiesen I have a
surprise tell them David are you ready
hi this is the hint you guys see it
we're buying a TV she's pregnant oh my
god Liza look dream come true we're on
MTV
so I think I think you're doing it wrong
that's okay though break this plate
they have winter gear winter gear oh I
guess we've been kicked you guys big
Nick made it
he has merchandise now in all the IKEA
stores so many big Nick really that's
awesome good for him
hey why is a nice rack am i right and
they're only what five dollars can we
leave now please Jesus so we would take
here and David buys a huge TV stand that
barely fits in my car you can tell the
truth it's a crib varkids side all day
let's go let's go
we got a pickup God kid never leaves his
stoop what the hell does that mean don't
worry about it I hate that guy what's
wrong with you wait I'm trying to clear
my weight okay so just to be clear what
drug are you on is a medicine but it's
medicine is a prescription medication
for migraine called heroin as people
have like water by their pageant when
they're going to bed debbie has
chick-fil-a sauce just in case she gets
really thirsty I redesigned my room this
is Debbie's first time seeing that - so
here we go say something really funny -
suck I got your nose guys that's it for
the vlog today it was a little short but
one is it not sure
I'm gonna teach other sandwiches that's
what I was gonna say thanks so much like
me jinx jinx again Oh
synchronization we can have the one sets
