you're Alex you remember you asked if
Brandon can come over I don't know maybe
he waits for I don't know that was there
man yeah he's excited Brandon don't make
I can't throw at the camera let's try to
get I'm sorry yeah yeah you know let's
go to chick-fil-a what excuse me you
want me to pick up these girl yes I do
hi cookie that was great
hi oh my god we're at this place and
Gabby's about to be picked out by her
boyfriend or her sorry her OkCupid date
which is like another word for tinder I
don't fucking know what it is
so I'm gonna be third-wheeling until I
get home where children can we get can
we get a ride home
we're also volumous is that okay yo
Gabby use a man bun this guy's like this
guy's our keeper sister this car
that's perfect is this four of us okay
let's go let's join our crazy kids
Netflix and chill
Gabby and I are going where we going gab
e radio interview they're gonna radio
awesome on our new hit single Gabby and
I couldn't figure out anything funny to
say to that so in the meantime follow
Dom's Instagram at the leftovers what
Gabby had way too much of no hay for
shitty Viner Gabby
yeah Gabby Gabby oops I'm really excited
to be on TV ha
Gabby I don't know you've done this
interview before this is a little sexist
I've noticed that every time there's a
bathroom and unipi the girls bathroom is
always two steps closer than the boys
bathroom and that's in every situation
right Gabi you've never noticed that
that's because of the batch of soap at
pop lock and drop it
that's disgusting
how much a sense of that when I put in
the floor hard yeah yeah yeah no no wow
that's cool yes and you are over here
thanks to me and there's a green screen
so you can put dicks behind us in
staffing
we only drink Fiji though this is your
chance right here say something funny go
oh he's so weak this shirt is so cheesy
help me look like a dude's big poop
Chris hold the door for me we talked
about this thank you for bitches first
oh who else would ride those if you're
not a miner why would you what do you
say have a good night oh no this is
student project enhancer at USC yeah you
go to USC
fuck yeah baby
see you at the game yeah fuck the
Trojans were both waiting do a thumbnail
do thumbnail go
Gavi your social school
I love it I get more views Thank You
Gabby I mention for the block makes you
like subscribe Twiggy and david dobrik
normally people opting to say but I
think X
follow me
