I want to leave but Alex s away for the
chorus even though it's on his phone
love the colonies love the police I'm at
improv and Alex and Dana in here so it's
easy to say it's gonna be one of the
best fucking improv classes in the world
there's things watching us what do you
have to tell them right now I miss you I
love you
all right now the cameras off it turned
it off oh yeah we all see you
your boss those terrific that's it don't
go - go go go go go no not that with the
garage my doors broken so I was thinking
in so you just had to see in the
backseat instead of hopping over and
coming to the from the Y I look like a
fucking over driver Alex pretty sexy one
you ask me that's not the sound a camel
supposed to make what would taste better
with cream cheese Club crackers or ribs
I don't think you can eat Club crackers
if you're chlamydia it's look they have
clementines this is a rather people from
Hollywood Boulevard come and pick their
outfits for the day that's cool costume
you think I should get that's a tiger
dude I know what a lion be saying why
you always lying Oh alex is the clown
this is the type of stuff the kids in my
neighborhood would get and this is what
my mom would get me if you're watching
this mom you just went over well that
makes absolutely no fucking sense
because it's hot dog and that's a
giraffe
what what what's wrong good whose kids
here oh yeah
what's wrong forgot to feed my cats
again cut damn it
those are giraffes Alex do this costume
lets you dress up as a baby
so that's fucking dope it's intense
Alex what reptile are you really scared
of names
what fish you turn into what you turn
this Nick when you get scared Pizza Hut
I think it's time to upgrade how about
pizza apartments what are you writing
David is cute are you prepared to E
David askew David is a cunt yeah Alice
you're a dick I listen for today's vlog
we should get to know Rick like a
subscribe and there's his dick hot dick
cause the late-night be yo dick got HIV
my dick place of the double feature
screen yo dick went straight to DVD
