just like me my bad except my dad would
use a belt so Nick how long have you
guys known each other it's not really
how long we've known each other we just
go we have so much in common yeah I can
see that you guys look cute together
gee she's reflect Who I am inside what
do you think's funnier honestly it's
really horrible to say girls can't play
video games whoa
let's go girls can only maybe cook whoa
um and please my back next gonna show us
how to decline my show you know look you
go get the crunchy
or Google started well I just kind of
transition to
wow that's pretty good actually we're
gonna drop you off at home I did
don't call me dad dad it's weird making
out with you if you call me Dad why is
this version of Alex coming with us
I want the other one fucking idiot how's
that trashcan ordering through Donald
true happening over Daniel bacon with
Donald Trump Donald Trump holy fucking
shit
I don't even know this to be in fucking
water look at this that's we here what
oh here look at that that's so no I
fucking hate doing the laundry now is
the laundry yes
oh man damn such a dick I'm such an
asshole dude but you gotta clean it up
cuz there's water everywhere i dude yeah
this view is literally gorgeous holy
shit is that DOM
when you get a raise we need to make a
good thumbnail Mason and dad we're gonna
help us out hey guys well just like
we're gonna make I'll be right here
don't touch my lips daddy horse out for
all my blocks I told you guys a little
make one
oh I'm sure this is what you sobbing huh
baron damn look at this thing got new
fogging camera and I'm gonna be just
like David and it looks like a VHS oh uh
it's really not like that one no are you
doing about that piece of shit he thinks
this camera is gonna replace his lack of
creativity David getting wrong this is
our friend he's a fry man there's a way
there's a way oh my god a shark
you were the shark the entire time for
it do you even know you know you know
it's really funny is our roommates
Instagram you should follow him at exam
SS that was interrupted because you
could have learned his initiative why is
that here my was a wench who's a lunch
bitch it's like oh no I've seen a show a
press Jana if you can see it in there
whoa look Oh literally it's like inside
Oh God
oh yeah that's it for the vlog today
makes you like and subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik i'm almost up alright
that's perfect I can't even put that in
because some dumb ass is gonna comment
do be really peer in the elevator no
fuckin shitty I've been getting dirty
money Jordan Belfort second penny stocks
while i'm flipping these birds sitting
on Ciroc trip i'm up with the word
