so you know how Alex walks down this
corner and then I try to scare him when
I shot the camera over there well now I
was walking down the corner and guess
who tried to scare me
big Nick big fuckin Nick okay so I want
to see youtubers queuing and today it
was like a binders cue they literally I
think I got stupid I strum have you ever
seen a Q&A dude what like I'm so stupid
right now I just got done watching a
YouTube Q&A someone in the comments that
they wanted the Zoey 101 theme song to
be on our show this week I think I got
the next best thing I saw in Malibu just
doing stupid shit and I Drive by a very
popular school this is a school aka Zoey
101 school so PC yet this is PTA so I
pull up to the gate cuz there's a gate
for visitors and he's like who are you
visiting
and I'm like my friend Zoey and he's
like Zoey 101 I'm like yeah and he's
like okay just don't do anything stupid
look at this where's Zoey 101 play
tennis that's or a week at about if
there's ever an episode Rizzoli
complains about her fucking school
bullshit bullshit bullshit look at that
so that's where the Pete like that's
where the thing was like the original
logo and then I took the middle of it
and then all that shebang bang that's
how I know though I get the fuck out of
here Gaby Oh
my grandma your grandma was here
Oh ready we're get all those kitties hot
and cold sandwiches what about water
David we with what I'm alone what Imola
one tired stand fighter hi
15:49 are they nuts Oh
expected item on belt what does that
mean dude we just put that all guys
table and then you realize my belt was
there shot a mountain Dew for paying me
a hundred dollars to walk down Hollywood
Boulevard just holding it out that's it
walk the script yeah you want some stop
bad dog what's your Instagram my
favorite
hey boys the magician David and Alex
don't like when we throw parties but
they fucking come home after work
throwing a party and they make high
that's every day it makes you like and
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik and
guess what
i finally posted a vine today so did
eliza on Liza's page and what else
oh you're such a cabbage I mean Savage
