I could throw at you Alex where do
babies come from you serious yeah they
come from the fucking store for t-shirts
for 9.99 that's like a t-shirt for $8
all right I'll switch show you a
question what does ATM stand for at the
moment yes very good that's where you
can get cash at the moment oh look now
I'm on TV thank you you mean you made my
Hollywood dreams come true I'll feed you
only get one shot right here this one
yey-hey he's interrupting you hold on no
kick his ass I'll be right back I know
the real Sam we're gonna be s'mores did
you make these that's more bakery got it
that's awesome
oh wow an Xbox 360 customer I want to
this is like the condom of the
air-conditioning because I can't change
the finest 69 you're working out Corona
DS Kurland don't be a pussy
Wow shit when I was in the third grade I
thought that I was hey his horses really
likes me no yeah that was in the third
grade it's gonna use the elevator
until the Fire Nation attacked shoutout
then and not go
nice nice nice what a happy bunch and
the dancing man are reunited
I bet she's pretty fly establishing shot
how about it's going in and out me to me
are you an astronaut is this for
Halloween are you gonna be okay Gigi and
I are actually from the future and just
to prove to you we're gonna show you how
in sync we are ready we finished another
snowboard it must be cold in there shit
what's that kids Instagram I don't know
all right well that's it for the vlog
wish you'd like to subscribe between me
at david dobrik is it better he's dead
but it's still recording it's the record
that's the battery that's a something go
go
