why are you tease looks like they're
under construction all right guys it's
time for a big neck growth session
against Jason Nash featuring big Nick
friend to Dora Diego whatever we're
gonna go visit Joan at the hospital now
he's been there since yesterday yet to
spend the night because his injuries
were actually pretty serious from the
jump I'm talking about oh my god oh my
god do you look like you would look at
home yeah dude my phone's dying can I
can I unplug this so I can comes in
she's like he's fat lining I mean I'll
just walk out of the crane
I mean dr. Watson these egg dude he's
like you're so lucky I'm like yeah I
know Jake but I have one bad news I'm
like what it's a complete idiot finally
going home after 22 hours and there we
go we go okay perfect
okay guys I just left Todd's house but
Jason just texted me saying Todd and
Kareena are hooking up in the bathroom
so I got to go back Jason called me said
there is an emergency snitched on you
can't sleep they're having sex in the
bathroom they're fucking in the bathroom
in sex I just pictured David outside the
door of the care exclusive dating what's
the gossip what's the word I work for it
out David's long shit you're the fuckin
shitty intern that you mean
after you're done having sex and sneaks
in here and just like feels the tub and
starts masturbating
so we're all gonna Chicago for New
Year's and Jonah's always been wanting
to go to Chicago and he's never been but
I figured since he ended up in the
hospital because of my vlog the other
day I would surprise him with the trip
to Chicago so I'm gonna pay for his trip
to come with us to Chicago that's about
it so let's do it
to celebrate Jonah's life Vardhan will
now play the Armenian national anthem
do you actually go to class for clarinet
and that's amazing is your teacher the
first deaf clarinet teacher
cover your eyes cover your eyes he says
like we're not supposed to do it is
bitch okay back up a little okay let me
get up a fucking drop I just be gentle
I'm just you put on your legs I'm cookie
what's that what's that right there
though maybe a gift card don't think I
didn't get you surprised either come on
buddy
that's rockin stretching Rachel makes
you legs subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys is a bunch of Christmas
stuff linked in description below like
this right here look at that it's
hardness in the hair and what's better
than tied in a Santa has anything yes to
anything but Todd really needs the money
right now so go buy
so I'm interacting with a real-life
trade so much it was like Oh
