alex is really stingy about his popcorn
but I think we found a solution Captain
Jack swallows
from Chicago are you from let's have a
conversation I can't I gotta keep moving
life's all about moving and that's that
route of passing out mixtapes he's
probably an Instagram or vine errs we'll
never have that
why does he have a seatbelt on I want to
see a chicken Janet's a buffalo I'll
link for be eco-friendly and reusing the
napkins we appreciate it
we're gonna do our toilets been broken
for the past couple day so what happens
when Alex shits as he shits in this bag
and when he's done shitting in it we
just tossed it over give it this name
Zayn ready
and Zayn eats it cuz he doesn't have any
food so basically it's a win-win thanks
Dana enjoy that shit you little bitch
enjoy that shit in the bag stupid we got
him maybe you should get a gift card at
Target and eat real food yo her calves
are fucking amazing she is a fucking
sexiest calf muscles I've ever seen in
my life what's going on when you want
views on your periscope when you bang on
buckets long enough to forget English
all generations generation that is the
cutest puppy I think I've ever seen this
is what happens when David gets
recognized kiss cam hey Pitt the way
she's learning how to karate this is her
first lesson and that's cool look at
this moment I just captured man I wish
my family would let me stay with them go
fuck we walked yeah play that shit beso
bitch pretend like we know where we're
going
bridge has taken to mean I know okay we
actually ended up getting in but they're
not playing any good fucking movies
David what are you doing all right guys
that's it for the vlog Lee she like and
subscribe fuck is on your chest Alex who
is this person that commented for me to
be in the water okay so I was just
listening to Mozart but really the way
he's danced I could put in any song and
watch watch I'm coming
okay so we've crossed the street already
but alex is still back there jamming out
what is wrong with this kid
I better wait for that okay take a nap
okay get off that it's staying to get
the washing machine off the fucking yeah
what floor I'm sorry I turned you on so
much Mason's pupils open your eyes okay
the one on the left is smaller than the
one on the right whatever I do I'm gonna
turn the lights off okay you probably
can't see right now but the one on the
right is much bigger than the one on the
left right now watch armitron lights
nuts
and that's it for the vlog make sure you
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik leave a comment tell me Mason
needs to go to the hospital and yeah
that's about it
