how pretty is view and I get to share
with one of my best friends wait wait
Chris go Chris damn it Alex this week is
in here but Alex's cousin from Miami is
here
this is him that's good our burritos are
huge our parking area small just like
Alex's dick what I'm not Alex I'm Alex's
cousin from my end we're gonna improv
class you know what that means
for everyone what pap smears you know I
don't like you guys where you guys from
Chicago you know what I like you I hate
him I love you say you love me thank you
did he say I love you that shirt is
fucking dough what are you a miner
he got like a week before the condom for
me you should shout out your vlog
Channel yeah I love my kid guy this is
my kid by the way no it is it oh come on
he's so cute this mirror that you know
you know the mirror is there right
someone drives their car in here an
accident they can turn it on the aisles
okay my neighbor is being a little
cheese ball
who's that down plus side wait before
you get him what's your Instagram
wait throw outside follow me on
instagram at I'm here dude have you been
smoking again last name is homeless I'm
John
holy fuck dude that was actually kind of
scary right there yes can you please
don't get it right now getting impatient
it's already there okay we're gonna go
guys friends okay your pants you like
that yeah dude fuck yet so that was
fucking hilarious I didn't I didn't
fucking hear one goddamn word you said
dude Alex was flirting with a girl
flight forty fucking minutes for the
girl so he goes oh well you're Mexican
right and she goes no I'm Spanish he
said yeah Spain is in Mexico
fuck you that and then exchange numbers
which is insane but I look over and I
was gonna go get Alex and I was like no
you know what they're exchanging numbers
I'm gonna let it go twenty minutes later
they're still exchanging numbers so I go
over there they're looking at pictures
of Huskies on her phone like what the
fuck I fucking love dogs David like you
don't get it well my time doesn't even
happen like why are you know it's not
the new sy board thank you dude did you
watch porn hub dude you know breaking
news are you guys dating are you guys
dating right here Peter Peter and the
gabbie show old enough still scary movie
I'll lane you see a celebrity a - swear
to God
what are you doing
hey awesome the book acting jobs in TV
and film
dude just says you have to be good at
second dig thank God whisper around I
don't even know what that capacity can
you stop oh my god that was fucking
insane
alright this is for the volume ish you
like subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
and subscribe to this channel because on
this channel we actually give a fuck
about content
