what starts with the letter F and the
letters uck fuck oh my god
guys I'll address something a lot of
people in the comments think that Gabby
and I are dating basically we're not yes
we're better friends than we used to be
before but that's a hundred percent just
because she had 500k on YouTube so it's
good to have a friend like her I can
I think it's recording Alex hey how much
for one of these no just the paper we're
gonna pass the paper was on sale though
I beam tonight I don't know it's just
ever since I started that biodegradable
diet oh we're gonna get you fucking out
of there I got you follow me I don't
know right now quick shots in and out go
I can't all you have to do is just give
me a blowjob and afterwards you'll be
able to burp
you're so right look how low it is lower
than my self-esteem am i right oh you're
a scared little bitch the keys and now
I'm not letting you in Oh guys come out
as a joke was it Chuck see how does it
feel getting scared yeah I was pretty
scared too right well if she keeps
acting the way she is there's no way in
hell she's gonna get the petrified wood
collection mhm
actually smells like shits I hope Tom
enough shit food for all of us it'd be
real shitty if he didn't it was nice
hanging out with you
see ya I'll see you tomorrow yeah
alright see ya
Alex someone said please hit the Quan in
your blog it would be a blessing follow
me let's agree met where's the knife 1 7
success what does it do that's
everything it can help you fuck bitches
I mean I'm pretty good in its house for
like aids in chlamydia well into that
sink
let me get situated here we go ready
boom baby
yo the only thing you can ride that guy
for $89 and easy just like Alex's sister
that's so fun
you're the one that told me that Alex I
am are you ready to steal everything
that's it for today's vlog make sure you
like and subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik Alex what song
should I use from outro what do you mean
by Justin Bieber I'm not gonna do it
justice
