this definitely is a host daycare dear
skinny people if you have a thigh gap
like this are you even skinny Gabby is a
thigh gap like this well I'd like to
touch each other because they're sexy do
you steal that joke okay just like all
our other vibes Gabby oh you know what
that means right then I'm a fucking liar
so you're telling me all I need to do is
make one shitty video week and post a
couple of eyes and I go on of these yeah
Gabby she's in the bathroom I told her
I'm leaving I'm sure I set up the camera
and that I'm gonna scare a real
I hope I hope you only being over there
thank you like new you didn't leave
what do you open and shut that door you
thought I said but David still in here
haha rooftop chilling with the one and
only dirty down oh shit it's me am I
sure that you know what is your
Instagram that's good Matt if you're new
to California we have these things
called petting palm trees is basically
there's palm trees laying around behind
a gate so they don't attack you and you
can come up to them and be gentle and
you can pet them this one's a quiet one
ah okay gammy where we gone all right
we're just gonna call shark fucking
ground shotgun oh it was Alex I'm so
sick of you come on shotgun I'm a lady
Rosa Parks is a lazy lazy fun
I rose if you're watching this you
weren't lazy you know who plucked this
pillar this close to my car
alex is trying to tell me centered in
highlights of my to think okay I want to
see you do it again eat the dirt again
eat the dirt go it looks exactly the
same as dirt from your time oh my god
this is golfer you the guy that eats
dirt this was supposed to be a target
edition featuring the cabbage Oh kevie
you hadn't add it to the entire time
we're together I had no target edition
today there's Alex though now let's do
something funny oh it's on the target
it's on the target target pays for
everything thank you just a couple of
fresh ladies for Alex and I walk fast oh
my god it's the gabbie show before some
days honey you got a MOS odd david
dobrik yeah make me sorry I stopped you
know Spanish paid off man I'm gonna I
love this
it's actually in English and they make
you say races would you do for a
Klondike bar go I know I probably just
fucking pay for it this is where all the
Viners get their little boards you get
anyone ha will you get one for free
right if you say you're a minor
how much
Katie oh that's much let's just grab how
much were there
750 okay
hey miss Vyner oh you're amazing you
have so funny
haha you know James is this your mean
greet oh my god this is my bubblegum
hell yeah you can watch and make math
actually makes it in front of you and
then sell it to you
we ask nice I will never forgive you for
this oh fuck bamboo I love that Batman
costume
it's just like a rave Alex wanted me to
make those last part of the vlog so I
just did that look I think maybe
David's penis one hey this is your small
penis but guess which one not this one
cuz you're saving it for later
exactly hi that's it for the body makes
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik ah oh I hate when people
vandalize but this I like that you guys
are the best I love you guys thanks what
about
