in case of fire do not use elevator use
stairs yo motherfucker bowling erased
I'll be okay too much fire over here
using the stairs
okay this is round two of how angry a
house gets when I open the door when
he's recording about
that's a brand-new shirt saying well how
didn't you at least try to catch it
hey Ali went to ours hey you guys want
to come up at Party High where we going
oh by the way this is chris chris is the
man if you want to get into parties
nightclubs north korea he can get you in
it when you can't decide whether they
get a burrito or a nice car so you get a
burrito that was good right Chris were
you the one the Corolla fuckin record at
the party I apologize but fuck I was Vox
gonna be so short because of that I'm
sorry firefighters operation more like
firefighters masturbation because we
like Jacob off right I was tell him tell
them which we like Jack oh yeah dude I
was recording
look at these fucking tacos did you get
tacos too you want to make a bet that
everyone in there is gonna order in and
out
yeah what's your biggest fear I told you
yesterday rectangles triangles why are
you looking at me like that
you betcha
does this guy look like a bitch right
now I'm like yeah yeah with this smile
like there you go
does he look like a face no all right
thanks man oh yeah I still think you
look like a bitch wait wait wait wait
wait does this guy right here look like
a bitch yes but everyone's been asking
is what's your Instagram I think it's
all follow me on instagram at sorry the
vlog was so short the past couple of
days I was doing some unrecorded stuff
if that makes sense she like subscribe
and follow me on twitter at david dobrik
a big dope right now it's 251 which
means it's time for my late night pump
luckily for ma'am
money's the motivation money's the
conversation you all vacation we get in
place so will paycation I did it for the
fam whatever we do yeah it's the life I
chose undersides in the dark one cloud
and we got it cooking like a one who
finally finish let's see 257 I'm gonna
be one big motherfucker
