on do we got to go I gotta look fabulous
Alex come on dude
Alex come on Alex
hey bitch what the fuck I'm gonna Zayn
huge fight right now and basically my
parents think that every time I record
Heath he's actually annoyed that I'm
recording him and I can't explain them
as a character that he plays so I'm
gonna prove to you that he only pretends
to be recorded brand now all right like
I said this is Elijah the Zane and he
you can never just fucking hang out you
think you're legit every time you like
when I act like yeah I'll for real I
think you actually like super annoying
about joking I know I tell them they
don't believe me
oh no seriously just tell them I fuckin
shit on my face bro that fucking shit
do you see it look at my bread though
look it almost five your vote for Trump
no need okay let's hear
what youtubers do that yeah what
youtubers act like fucking idiots and
said he's going back upstairs well both
vegans do check and today's your you
guys have to be immature but I called it
you have to kill white people it's
extremely racist we should kill everyone
equally I'm sick of this shit
alex is recording a new hit single yeah
but it's okay I'm gonna I'm gonna give
you the behind-the-scenes look yeah
that's actually really doe yeah it's
just your head no no you don't look cute
it's just it's just cool let's try and
see how access she's it's Oh Alex you
take this food came a little way too
seriously do all of them say something
eat shit instead no boy you should do
shot yourself out on to it all Alex you
down with the computer I need it back I
need it back give me it
gotta add in my video yo what the fuck
dude what actually that's kind of cute
thanks man ain't nothing but the truth
it's 2:40 which means it's time for my
late night huh
ah crap it's locked yeah well maybe next
time
it's locked dude it's I tried to flocked
maybe we'll get it next time
okay that's it for today's vlog makes
you like subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik all
stay inside all day and did nothing I
thought you fellas like your wife's the
hook and Gloria's might never you're a
pussy fuck you all minutes you got
assistance up to kick off this party
looks wack let's take it back to
straight hip-hop and started from
scratch I'm not a lady just check up
everybody get back
