do an intro for my vlog yeah it's a
camera show exceeding oh my god you're
on this camera here in my hair you cut
your hair David yeah I didn't someone
else did Oh yo Heath what's up you know
how you said you really don't like
sharks yeah I bought one stop stop
fucking stop ha ha ha hey guys where we
going right now we're going to improv
class improv fast quick improv class
Alex 2+2 before he's ready guys fucking
good
it's a nice day
I scan run - all the way over there
watch ready go wow you got there quick
whoa Alex now I'm back over here Wow
super fast guy hey hey oh shit he's
taking a photo of me dude I'm too famous
would you like to buy some crack kids
David course he wants Fred ran out of
touch with you don't be a battery
advertisement your Twitter handle Oh
where we go Alex is checking himself out
got a string on me fucking yeah dude let
him buy them yeah he always uses the
string excuse Alex this song playing
Anna it's good but this this is my jam
it's my jam this is one of a jelly so
here if you can't reach anything at the
top they have this all you do is take it
and you kind of koala thing up and you
pick it up from the top good work see
you dudes forgot something Alex forgot
the kiss see man I love you you opened
that so quick everyone's gonna know this
was fake Alex welcome Susanna nothing in
this vlog today I'm gonna have to play
this game with Liza I guess she's very
ready okay shake yeah well you fuckin
looked at it um Justin Bieber's
underwear Calvin Klein yes wait dude
blowing your nose are you stupid
um Cinderella this swung around a penis
blowjob
oh wait really no sweeping um oh you put
this on your eyes mascara I'm done
I'm glad let's just go to Gabi's Wisie
mattress on the elevator
yeah right now we at Gabby's we bout to
get super yeah whatever that means
Oh Debbie Debbie just kidding I know
Jesus thank God Liza and I are boarders
fuck when we needed a hangout cup no but
seriously get the fuck out what
seriously into my head just Christ what
the fuck was that all about
this place blows it was I thinking I
would be today your charger I got it it
was nice
Liza Liza Liza Oh Carl uber money's the
motivation money's the conversation you
all vacation we getting paid so we'll
play occasion I did
