you're not wearing a shoe thing where
are those right now I'm heading to
Gabi's I'm taking the stairs to my car
because then I wanna take the elevator
because I notice there's a vitamin water
that's 26 grams of sugar and I'm not
okay with that
seeing Gabby not good huh I don't know
we can I had she I'm better looking I
hate having ugly friends Wow Gabby she
still looks the same
oh look at this congrat
oh this put my name on but it's not cool
how good do I look in it it's actually
showing a lot of your acne and scarring
and I really do that I have weird five
o'clock chances are like seven I can't
help there Alex where we going
we haven't had energy like that from
Alex for a couple days dude don't touch
picture frames oh I get it
it looks like you're in the picture Alex
eat eat ass also you stir it up yeah it
says don't count on it well that's
clearly wrong
really you're right
does he that my sources say now come on
show me what happens
if you make this shot I have to give you
a blowjob and if you miss it you have to
give me a blowjob go both balls if you
guys miss I have to give you both of
those
No Oh Oh
that's so creative straight out of
condom
yo look at this well this is look at
this touch the start I know eat in or
take out this is a McDonald's the kids
here - so - excuse me Alex rice kind of
picture please
alex ernst alex earth's come on just one
picture okay thanks for talking as mr.
Ernst your game what's on same shirt
take a guess everyone guys to broadcast
boom people having sex weeds yeah you
ever know I'd never noticed this people
kissing bent over oh no shit Wow ya
better burn this year support some moral
lacking let's discuss in school your
pervert she means she's definitely under
a machine this means I thought this
means that like I can have sex if I want
yeah if you if you want you can do it no
this means you should be working to do
it Xavier can there's no way Xavier can
have sex
this right here is actually the exact
same a little contraption they use this
realizes that Cody
I have here at the Museum
Nickelodeon my roommates home hey there
he is dude I miss him so much
no I haven't he said how was your trip
dude it's a great man oh you look great
fucking hideous yeah dude you should
really sell yourself out right now
that's funny
what's your what's your Twitter I just
follow up so many bitches that they're
just like you know what I made this air
mattress we're just gonna tear you down
gotta bad girl we're all gonna pitch in
so we can have better sex and they all
just pitched in school that's you your
mom just sent that in down yo Mason
since you've been gone you know how her
room was messy right yeah it was really
messy yeah check this out you clean the
room
no absolutely not that's it for the
Vagos kind of short make sure you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik and
yeah that's about it and you know good
luck charlie
