okay now here's the closer on the
starter said he forgot something but
that's just because he's going around
the building and he's going to try to
scare me like that
I know his fucking tricks
nobody will ever know cuz I'm deleting
it
ouch my foot ate
Superman plus it's good no microwaves
fuck out of here
that's where I want to pee get it it's
the song goes be did you see anyone
peeing David no doesn't make any fucking
sense
finally right now there's so many people
hey ha ha this is David Joe quick dog
and I'm steve-o man what's your favorite
part about being best friends me I said
best friends are you worried friends
I don't know I only go to self cuz you
go to stuff that means you only gotta
places because you like me oh not really
let's meet you friendship true
friendship girls is sponsored nuts it
monster brings me drink monster Wow look
how the pictures you John
Bill Cosby my stepdad Eleanor Rigby that
guy from Transformers Oh Cinderella
probably Cinderella it's ok though we
laughed argue oh my god it's a math lab
oh no he's he's painting he's painting
because a meth lab
was there oh he's peeping he's peeping
through the window
ah Rafi pants I don't know how we got
rid of Plato enough anyway which is
captain is we were going to a bar we
didn't know we were doing aidid and
we're nineteen pink on the bar and I
pull out my ID and you say is like 1996
you just turned 21
and I'm like yeah that means like I have
fun 1996 means I'm 19 years old so I
don't know what he was on but shout outs
all math teachers the ones you told that
you wouldn't use Mac in the future that
was that guy any fuck job this is where
they used to hold the aspect back in the
day oh dude I let the enemy oh that's
really safe are we alright what he's
gonna say is we're not a target big
surprise big change up in our lives
right now come on dude give me thumping
at least give me some anger yeah I like
your hair thanks man
you're my blog now just because I liked
your hair look yeah yeah dude love when
people like my hair and put me in their
blog holy what's fuckin happen all the
time
Alex you're 19 what are they gonna say
when they find out
hey we're recording each other ha ha ha
ha ha ha what is what he said who's
doing that with the lights Oh
Nosferatu I got my sweat band Alex got a
skateboard I got my longboard and we're
ready to swag at the skateboard I'm
gonna write a fucking skateboard by the
way David that's ok glasses a shitty
fridge just kinda hot arrive as times 2
so I'll be writing it for the both of us
here's a bar that we could never get
into two more years I just turned 19
I'll be here two years it's ready guys
can be fun ok like I like this la is one
of the most la places I know hands man
I feel kind of bad for Alex to see the
Sanada ride a longboard or skateboard
but this is he's kind of ridiculous look
how far he is
oh my god I don't know if I'm more
impressed in my camera for zooming in
that far for Alex being that fun I think
I found out so slow I think it's because
he doesn't have a headband so all the
sweats just going his feet and he gets
really stale and he just stay on the
right word there is Alex how was it why
should you stop why
I say for the blog makes you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik and i
guess we'll see you later
no problem yeah black lap yo we gotta
work on our gunshot lenses we end the
vlog now
