what is that straight out of Compton you
want to go what if we get shot make a
pretty cool blog Alex where we going we
just left target David forgot to make an
intro to target so he wanted me to sale
it we're going to target but I don't
want to lie to anybody we just left
target okay we just left target but
you're about to see everything we did a
target we didn't target
you're gonna have to weep really yeah
whoa sir did you see that
it's the vintage Alex yeah do come on
this is what I like to call though what
are you doing
shot works what watery mind doing my
mouth joy your mouth dry
Oh God cute cat right now we're seeing
an early screening of we're not seeing
anything right now David we're in a
parking lot Straight Outta Compton don't
know the words why you always got to do
the easy word son Jay and I are here
we're about to record the full movie
Straight Outta Compton
these cameras set up everywhere stay
tuned again go closing everybody under
Gabi show has breast implants question
mark question mark exclamation boy girl
just know people about that you can
never keep a secret it was I'm not
posting it I'm gonna edit it down and
don't put it in there that you're gonna
edit it out so that it's obvious that is
true I'm not gonna I'm just gonna edit
it out there's any note like no talk of
your breast implants alright that's it
for the why I Drive Mason off at the
airport make sure you like subscribe and
tweet me at david dobrik see you later
buddy hey man I fucking miss you but
I'll miss you I love you I had a lot of
fun fucking bitch
God thank the fucking Lord he's go hey
okay that's weird
see man I miss you
fucking pussy
