alright dude this place is the best what
the fuck he just gonna touch my fucking
balls like that with your dry hands
sorry
fun time well we know who they didn't
name these out there you tan and Kern
are so cute they are so show a sofa dorm
Todd go with us it's Chicago why are you
saying like that I can get mad no you do
care okay stop saying you don't care can
you come please yes oh so you don't care
so he can come with me to Chicago and
you won't be mad okay let's go see
cabana 3000 I bought this after their
fight they had this made up for a lot of
arguing toddler guys save yourselves I'm
gonna have sex with him
you wanna be my Valentine oh you want to
buy some crack surprising me oh yeah
we've been roommates for a while yeah I
love you like a brother I got you
something dude
enjoy your people cut out what do you
think he's one of the cardboard cutout
pitbulls $8,000 yeah you're not allowed
to get a pimple cart on the United
States hi you got to import them from
Taiwan
what does it mean you guys are both Jews
you guys say that a lot these are
fearful people what are you guys scared
of they exterminated six million Jews at
one point so that tends to stick around
seems just like a regular person like
it's weird for you to like yeah but if
shit went down Jason and I would be
giving each other the just in case you
guys are hooking up as you were walking
down the hall this is hi imagine oh my
god
five four three two fire three two one
shoot
three years makes him a Navy SEAL
touching like that makes you like to
subscribe to yeah David over Carly can
you do something for my lay down lay
down
did you know if you pretend to shake
salt in your mouth it's gonna feel like
you're actually eating salt what do you
just pretend like you're shaking salt on
your mouth like shake it yeah shake it
now yeah
we wife sister loves you so much David
oh my liver my sisters
