oh look at this I love parade everyone's
dressed up wearing cool thing these are
absolutely amazing
give me a favorite sing a song on the
piano as a fewer Todd you got some daddy
issues will come and bring me some
tissues you can come right in my space
truth is on a fuck this guy always makes
me pay 20 bucks that guy right there
that can charge for 20 bucks every time
are you serious bucks no way I got this
they're gonna talk to him wait why is
his shirt off why is this shirt I don't
know
oh he's going to tuck them it's going to
talk that he's going to talk to me no no
no oh he's killing the guy Jesus Christ
you fucking killed it oh no what are you
doing fringe free that's fucking great
okay good job tits I've ever seen in my
life who Anna you flash them the ass
I've been waiting three two one go
Curtis boobs three two one go
can I do my nigga in my reaction shot
what the hell is going oh my god those
are really bad
trying to buy myself on my own camera
really he wants a camera he's gonna ask
the pro for like like eight months
there's Thanksgiving and it's gonna be
Christmas time so I got something for
you okay
I'm gonna bring it in okay in three two
one
it's a taco 12:00 it's good stuff
they're soft tacos make sure you count
all 12 of them all right or in there now
you can buy more tacos
and you're filming Tegan makes you like
subscribe tweet me at David but guys
it's Cyber Monday versus 35% off is
gonna be linked to description well what
is it Josh yeah they're all blur me just
for money signs
hey you guys
