Alex shut up dude stop doing that
welcome to a very boring David oh boy
yes but you know I'm making millions me
David hurry up I'm like if I keep
looking at myself and I end up jerking
off to myself I'm Adam you ready
probably pick up but yeah we're going to
target I'm gonna we gonna bomb the best
balls in the world welcome playing with
balls damn apparently you know we don't
share the same enthusiasm
this is it Alex passes to me and go oh
this target has bag boys look at this
Lewis are you the bag boy can I have a
bag thank you
shaking by shaking oh and I'm the one
shaking let's go Yotam shut the fuck up
so cool
so perfect time to introduce my my
roommates say hi that's weird my face
that's our dick roommate hi I was just
wondering do you guys have any to does
for sale she's just I put my dick in
that car I put my dick inside of the
person driving that car I put my dick
inside the car awesome place here oh
there's David himself David so we've
been watching David grow up since he was
just a little bitty baby and we actually
have we have a painting here David when
he was a baby child and well I gotta
tell you not much has changed in this
area you know okay I told you don't make
fun of me like that on my flaws no on my
way to my deejaying gig
got some groupies in the back oh my gosh
you guys have to check out this view
it's beautiful
forget bad haha grab you is it real
right now I'm hitting the big mix to
make a youtube video I don't really want
to but his mom's paying me to be friends
with him so I gotta do it I guess it's
uh I know this is the pizza guy no it's
just me man that's such a disappointment
I'll see you later dude they're on I see
you bitch
he always does this to me it's obvious
that you're a really busy boy hey Kobe
on Sunday you gotta eat ass suck dick
suck dick on Monday that's why though oh
that's what that's you you definitely
put that part in explain it explain
Jason what up posting Adaline means
buzzing Julie means like making a violin
Jesus
oh dude is your name Jason yeah what's
up it's funny next time I ask you to
talk why don't you keep your mouth shut
I'm on your pizza sucked too hey guys
thanks for watching make sure you give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe to
Davie for more everyday blog life of him
and other Viners mainly me and leave in
the comments below what was your
favorite part and if this is something
that you would like to see more of I'm
gonna start posting Monday Wednesday and
Friday those will be my posting day so
those are good days to pose
