this is it this is my first vlog I don't
know how long this is gonna last but I'm
gonna give it a shot but I'm gonna do
something don't do it you have to do it
now yeah
yes do you still think I come in so what
if I was looking flog now that's a
listen my first vlog dude oh it's a vlog
yeah
look here though don't look at the
screen cuz it looks really weird say
something I like to look at the screen
because I know but it's not me buddy
when do you not look pretty that's what
I meant that David just hit me well
there was no screens in your life you'd
still not you're ready oh he's a smooth
boy I know oh my god ouch you guys look
so much alike it was your dream beach to
go biking with you guys I'm gonna feel
like I'm followed again psych we don't
know how to ride bikes
now we're gonna Michels cuz apparently
she got a really cute dog so yeah we
gotta check that out see if it's really
cute I love your dad we're meeting up
with our friends of Michelle and Paige
right now I don't know oh it's my vlog
now guess what guys I blog now I'm a
youtuber now are you drinking yeah
this is about fun fact the Roosevelt is
haunted by um by Marilyn Monroe's ghost
it's like a old la tale
okay okay what's up guys so we're at
Hooters right now and I just wanted to
point out this really Americans kids eat
free all day Sunday
this is how David dances that's on it
now we're gonna get to find out if
Michelle's dog is actually the cutest
thing in the world
oh goodness okay this is how small this
dog actually is look at this look at
this this is how small it is but this is
real I swear look this is a real thing
oh my goodness and it Lily can't walk
her out cuz this shirts too big look
watch watch how I make all my dishes my
dad so they're gonna be preparing on
dish that I like it's called a puppy and
we're gonna do with puppy basically
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna cook
him up a little bit we're gonna throw
them in the microwave we're gonna get
them all warm we get wait it's got to be
the perfect thumb now put it put put
them in a little bit like this yeah now
I'm gonna close this a little bit okay
now look at me perfect that's the
perfect thumb now I'm gonna go because
I'm gonna go play with the puppy but
until I see you guys tomorrow thanks for
being here for my first four spot
