what's up guys david here and today
we're gonna be pranking michelle again
because last week is just too much fun
she was a good sport about it basically
we're gonna have my friend Zane here
dress up as a rapper I'm gonna be all
like shut the fuck up or we're gonna
invite her over and we're gonna hope
everything goes all right you know oh
yeah oh fucking scary guys cuz you
playing guitar too loudly no Mason this
is fucking you man your fucking mouth
off over last night fuckin mouth off I
mean it's always like bitching at us how
it's a race is going to dance do they're
covering that they're coming the pilot
yes is your yeah no it's not gonna open
it's all kind of be Jesus fuck we wanna
sell the fucking ground
put the fuck is up next
okay I fucking hate you guys they
tricked me they did not want to hang out
with no shaker I am shaking I'm it's
doing the fucking cabinet not your
friends but you know who is my friends
you guys if you like subscribe and share
the video
what's up guys hope you liked the video
please do not try to reenact this at
home we just moved in so we don't have
silverware or anything that can be used
to hurt Zane when he came in as a robber
cuz if Michelle would have freaked out
too much she could have grabbed a knife
and just stabbed someone so we don't
want that so yeah don't reenact this but
I do like and you know subscribe and
stuff yeah oh god looking at her
