what's up guys our roommate Michelle is
out we're gonna pull a little prank on
her basically a heaviest wig that my
friend gave me and Michelle is gonna be
going out with Lera tonight and what
we're gonna do is we're gonna have a
letter come back with Michelle after
we're all ready I'm gonna dress up as a
girl and I'm gonna be in Michelle's bed
in her room we're not allowed in there
but we movie I'm gonna be you know
sucking his dick so basically I'm going
to put this out with cameras in the
living room down the hall and then in
her room it'll
so this is how David's gonna look when
she walks into the door and about two
three minutes this gets a lot of action
but I dare a lot of foreplay we're
actually doing it too just so it's
really really yes we have you may have
to play the part
yeah he's not here you win oh well this
is a parking lot or something what's
going on are you serious are you really
having a girl in my fucking room get the
fuck out get the fuck out that room shut
up man shut up you broke my fucking
light
no oh girl
