so you guys had the icon crew that's
your company what's not a company oh
you're not a company we're an enterprise
your enterprise what's the difference
between your company and enterprise you
know what situation your family would be
hilarious and you have like your first
sporting event doing the sweating his
mom comes up to him like Black Friday
which means it's time for our annual
ear-piercing don't think I need to hold
the teddy bear
ready one more we're out of here what do
you mean you sure you don't go there let
me out I'll take the bear down the next
little bit of footage you're gonna see
is from all these guys super super
hammered super plaster if you're younger
kid and you see the stuff come on over
here with your finger to your nose get
your finger in the bar cuz you're in bad
shape got dinner you've got to give me a
kiss on camera no problem let's not
you're mad really are
you're not focus I join a burrs hey guys
love the drunk is here you got a tattoo
right here what does it say discipline
what does that mean you like subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys all merch
is 35% of
where they go knows everyone here on
bats all
