yeah everyone did do the blow you said
you didn't have cold no I don't want you
guys thinking that I actually do cocaine
and then I always have cocaine it's not
true it's just a bit the David somehow
likes to fucking do every time he sees
me told you that I'm not gonna be a part
of this bit because I don't to be
portrayed like that sweat pants I've
heard rumors that you once slept with a
guy and it was four years ago in New
York who told you the guy wasn't someone
with silver hair no why would that
matter be honest with us dude if you
slept with a guy I'll be fucking honest
with you I will be honestly I've never
had a gay experience he's getting all
red because I'm so close to because he's
horny assholes like you're not even
fucking listen you had sex with the guy
and that's okay dude I'll show you the
guy he's not that cute all right guys
this next part in the vlog is some
footage that didn't have permission to
you but I finally have permission for it
and here it is Carina you had sex with
Todd yesterday for the first time
Kareena is it romantic you know how like
usually people listen to songs when
they're together
one time I was by Todd's room and I
heard this song that goes like this are
you slept with him yesterday what
happened in Jason's Lodge
first part of the sexes and I look up
and it's just David fucking touch if
Todd is watching this right now what
would he have to tell him what's going
on what's going on who's this Corina did
we not just have a conversation
literally a day ago what are you two in
back at Todd's bed okay everybody has
their weekdays
a lot more complicated cause mom's
friend keeps bringing snacks Armenian
snacks is the most Armenian thing you'll
ever see she's just pulling him out of
her car like you always walk into my
house make fun of my family and fucking
leave you're an asshole
that's all touching Cassidy makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at David dies
it's the moment none of you guys have
been waiting for but I have
my God we're all in Chicago for the
Chicago show I've put in less than three
days so go buy tickets it's linked to
the description right now
