yeah are you are you high it's the
pastor's son $400 on a sweater one
fuckin Pig yesterday so he just he has a
rule that when he goes to church all the
money he has in his pocket he donates I
was like oh so you were trying to blow
it all real quick stole money from the
church fucking no I won big people gotta
fucking think I have money right now for
some reason and you're sick because he
had too much dick in your ass last night
currently don't smile you did too like
they have dessert
hey hold my camera
well here for a reason right now it
saves birthday that's not important
stop doing that Dom love is attention
nobody pays attention to correct I do
you what's wrong with you priest boy my
name jam
how much was your brand new lottery
$33,000
are you fucking time does it say oh yeah
you're an idiot o'clock seamless isn't
is there a lot it's a lot that's a good
was the sex after $50,000 watch this sex
after would have to be just like now you
see the thing is I see it as an
investment supposed to invest in a house
and now I can't do that anymore why look
it's not my hand right so dumbass
friends how much it was please go sell
out girl
forty-eight thousand four hundred forty
one days are you why does it okay
hey why did you stop I took the money
out of my bank and I put money is
$11,000 see it's a lot right 85% no will
you buy this watch you get one more try
a light you turn it back a little bit
you come back
that's all good something Gretchen makes
you like subscribe tweet me at David
over I'm gonna leave Scott and Heath
linked in the description below
Scott you always seem so sad when you're
right here
