you entire constantly bickering it's not
stop fighting yeah I got a lot of trash
back okay if I film I have a youtube
channel was attached to my wife's didn't
I guess she was hungry I was all reality
show were seen aliens sure when you need
a green card there's some knocking
coming from your truck there's nothing
in the channel reason I couldn't put any
luggage back there's because there's
someone back there that's I guess for 25
minutes ago I got texting please help me
I am suffocating dying holding in almost
panicking why were you saying you didn't
want to marry me stayed in the trunk if
you couldn't breathe there's this tiny
he's fucking crack in the truck did you
see a little bendy straw so I text David
15 times I'm not getting the fucking
text back Bob Hope Airport next 27
minutes away see my hopeless body
dragged on the
this is a chick-fil-a like all the way
to college the other day with you and
you were the biggest deal on campus by
far know by far yeah it was super cute
yeah what's that Megan I get the fifth
time they said it Josh was like then one
guys literally in my hair goes I'm like
word and he's like oh you too good for
that is this just a random building or
is this a store in his jacket that it's
so called
if Osama bin Laden on our YouTube
channel oh it is quick baby guess where
I'm hiding in parenthesis location
reveal hi guys the boys and I are about
to go to a bar and at this bar the
bouncers kids are big fans of the vlog
so we're gonna have the bouncer from the
bar kick out Matt King for being too
yeah tell me overlapping yelling and
everything I've been the one telling
Todd to be quiet this interior loud to
them at I mean we were all please bring
up the security cameras and you will see
that I was not causing any more I can't
get to the cameras right now a little
busy right now
anything odd was the one making all the
ruckus you were making the WorkKeys you
were adding it on to it the entire time
Jason you know what I don't want to
London I don't want to go to Boston to
be honest you were the one that started
the clapping I did not Jason started the
clapping who started the clapping if
we're being honest Matt you were the
last Jason you're lying to my face right
now let's go inside a Biogen jack which
you like and subscribe pre me at david
dobrik guys all weekend long no
clickbait merch is going to be 15%
