Jacek give us a speech come on Jason
I felt like we just entered Scotts
dreams
we're backstage at the live show what
occur to do Corinne it was like oh I
gotta go out and film the crowd
Scott's performing at our live show
again last time we perform he killed it
and I killed I need to kill the mood his
career her and I made all the penises
she's ever slept with there's a fan that
through her actual leg on stage
talk about breaking a leg huh geez
before a shout right now I thought about
the girl who had thyroid cancer oh that
means is fire kids are dancing with a
leg you don't throw your leg up onstage
if you're not cool your situation
doesn't my impression of atad when he's
dressed just come here this is the one
roommate who doesn't like to have any
other stuff touch that being said oh
damn I need to take a nap hi excuse me
I'm the sexy RA from down the hall where
the party sir
that makes you feel worse coming home
just 60 people in your dorm or when they
all leave and you walk in the way
full-blown panic who's in my room what
is going on here be quiet I want the
update what happened when she came out I
wasn't out there she came outside and
she yelled she was like we can hear you
look at all these cheesy signs with a
college degree
some stranger things
Oh reality TV producers that would
fucking kill for that moment Brandon
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
David Arbor Thank You New York and
Boston for the show great we're gonna
see you guys in Chicago next into the
girl who threw her leg on stage thank
you so much for finally helping me get a
leg up on my performance Scott's been
waiting a really long time to say that
my
got a little chicken right here oh yeah
just hit that up pop / drone on you -
you got a little chicken behind you
