Zayn's mom in the morning I made you
your favorite donut hamburger alright
guys the way la works is anybody in a
nice car has probably been on some kind
of a TV show we're gonna put that theory
to the test Jason's gonna ask what
they've been hot and then we're gonna
see what show they say right here
Mercedes Mercedes go hey what's up man
that's a nice car look familiar
what do you been on come on look how
complicated the songs are she does it
feel weird to be learning size 26 Hey
Baby why don't you go sit down and I'll
tell you what McDonald had on his farm
fuzzy-wuzzy you just came here cuz your
phone was stolen what's on your phone
that's so valuable
my nudes your nudes yeah Alex what are
you doing you're on what packing the
main player just asked you for good luck
Carina it's called a high five Chickie's
birthday yesterday did you go to the
strip club
no no cuz you went the year before and
you can't go two years in a row right
yeah yeah you get lucky last night you
find a lucky man you know I'm Yuki I'm
sorry
I know you don't remember this but
you're responsible for killing Osama bin
Laden they erased your memory that's
what they said you are the leader of
SEAL Team six your codename was big mop
and when you killed him everyone said
the area has been cleaned excuse me you
don't remember this it's coming back
point you in the face as hard as you can
see gets out of a drought in three two
one go oh you okay this is why I use a
fucking door what's going on your son an
iPhone app you know I'm not good with
money
got a discipline your kids it's got some
stuff on is your family call him Jonah
now yeah yeah his real name is Nick but
he looks like Jonah Hill so we call it
Jonah this is Jonah David Oh bleep
t-shirt
okay well then why'd you order one I'm
going to Gabi's right now to do an outro
but she has a tinder date over so I'm
not really supposed to put him in the
vlog I don't know what that means I'm
gonna go put him in fun what's going on
who are you
this isn't cool dude this is a cool man
you know I'm private yeah how about this
how about this I have an idea I'll black
out his face and yours no one will know
about your private relationships where
did you meet the gabbie show is this
your third date together Gabi
usually they dip by the first amazing
service watching areata makes you like a
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
everybody in Chicago there's still
tickets left for the live show guess
what Gabi's coming here before I'm sorry
before I'm gonna do single right mystery
man you can't give a thumbs up you're
blacked out there we go
have you heard the joke mom I don't like
the donuts with the holes in it that's
okay sweetie just eat the donut and
leave the hole on the side
