did you ever hear about Jude Law his
baby found Molly on the ground are you
serious yeah real Molly yeah what
happened to the baby I had the best
fucking day of his life but it is true
Jonah had a fun idea is gonna go down to
the bottom and we're gonna throw a
watermelon we're gonna see if you can
catch it from the sixth floor he have a
fun idea or did you have a fuck three
one here comes the milk three two one
drop are you guys working on a rap right
now yeah this is how it works bro we in
the studio this is the studio like past
that line here in the lair yeah
expensive all this equipment
um I mean DOM probably stole it rappers
like a rap about coming up yeah yeah you
guys probably got a rap about coming
down ever since you guys moved out of
your parents house it's just been a mess
this doesn't work out what snack always
go back to vlogging yeah just make
videos with you until something works
they're not making videos with you guys
so we're gonna be making videos together
for long this is Brandon's mom okay
please be nice now that your mom's here
I have the perfect thing to bring her
into the family
and do it for a very long time
terrifying I'm never scared than you are
don't do it we walked by this giant
mirror right and both Todd and Kern ago
oh my house that you can see the people
on the friend group brother beckons you
pointed at it you realize okay so
there's this guy who hit me up saying
that he really wants to propose to his
girlfriend turns out him and his girl
really enjoy watching the vlog so we
thought what better place to propose to
your girlfriend inside our apartment and
this is how we surprised her this is the
house come on we're doing this thing
where where I'm folding people and we're
putting an animal on top of them and you
have to guess what the animal are you
down you are this is the an already baby
we're gonna put that on there and you're
gonna what do you think it is it feels
like a toad it's not moving that much
for some reason take your blindfold off
and then you're gonna tell me what it is
and three two one go
I wasn't recording we gotta do it again
guys
that's all for watching Alex what she
huh huh how'd you know I was watching I
don't know I've no idea you knew I was
watching hey by the way we're getting
rid of this marriage
guys at the end of the week to buy this
first we're getting rid of the good news
is one lucky person who buys this merch
you shouldn't get to keep our bunny
Bailey forever because we don't want him
Wow oh we don't want her here you go
she starts wearing this every day
