which is what's going on you have a cold
fucking syllable kale makes the best
bananas your little monster baby bottle
cha-cha cha-cha-cha
you've never done any of this no I'm
sure your stomach is fucking gigantic I
can't watch yeah sure let's but watch
this right here we go not that bad
shaky come on what do you mean by that
most cutest aggressive thing I've ever
seen this is where Chiqui keeps like
I'll remember that how much time has
gone out your taco none of your fucking
business what do you do when you go out
every night what's the end goal I never
do it you're networking networking I
never knew that putting your penis
inside someone who's called Nellie how
old are you now 26
how about age David it's when his body
finally quits
my body won't quit your body won't quit
what's the end goal what's going on
kendall Jenner we're settled down in a
mansion in Calabasas you don't want to
do that I want to be the fucking pretty
man boy arm can you picture kendall
Jenner
yeah I did
and married a success yeah you were the
pretty boy to bring home a new girl
every night but somehow it always ends
up being Corinna Todd every night's like
I'm gonna stay in I'm gonna watch change
your things and I'm goin faster makes
you like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys it's officially official
we're all having a live show in Chicago
for Thanksgiving it's gonna be on Black
Friday the tickets are in the
description below go buy some right in
the house Dan's gonna be there I'm gonna
be there Jason's gonna be there Todd's
gonna be there Chris gonna be there well
probably
