you'll check this up okay shut up with
all this cash you owe me some of this
yeah some of it's mine don't put that in
because but then we'd have to pay Jack
our manager show everybody how our split
is for the podcast this would be that's
David told me yeah and then this would
be me and then yeah that's never go
anywhere this is what some people that
watch my videos to imagine my house
looks like all the time
paparazzi came up to Trisha and the
paparazzi was like what do you think of
the Logan Paul situation for some reason
Trista thought that if she told
paparazzi not to put something in the
video they weren't gonna put it in the
video
there's an article about their rap video
that I'm in okay that they wrote me into
okay oh man
they changed Jason's quote that we made
up
don't worry is hella neutral we are so
excited to be releasing an official rap
song for our listeners and can't wait to
hear feedback moving forward like I are
you make me sound even less cool what's
up guys so Jason has been dating his new
girlfriend Trisha for about a week now
I've gotten to the point where it's time
to introduce Trisha to his kids now this
is a big deal because this is Jason's
first real relationship ever since he
got a divorce with his wife so a couple
hours before it's time for them to meet
Jason was really really really nervous
you start being pouty you have a little
bit of sympathy I'm not saying that in a
mean way I'm saying are you done being
patty like are you okay I thought how
you say that okay well are you okay is
how you say that not are you done being
a bitch is really tearing us apart at
home oh she's great she's fine hey
dealing with you on top of the kids and
Trisha it's like it's like a third
entity it's impossible to deal with but
you know who is here first right why do
it you got it are you sure I don't know
you're gonna try this car off a bridge
aren't you I'm gonna stay here okay keep
your phone on okay yeah cuz I was gonna
turn it off this is a one in a million
chance and a lot of people gonna get to
watch it a lot of people watch your
family
oh my god here they are get out here
there
she didn't know whether to hug um she's
really nervous I wasn't supposed to say
that why if you wanted that zip line
Trisha can buy it for you six ten
thousand dollars Trisha is that a
problem no Trisha wanted to give you
guys this you don't smoke you quit Yeah
right I'm gonna go ruining Maddie but
you like to subscribe tweeting at david
dobrik when are you going to introduce
Corinna to your kids
