is anybody want to eat okay I was
thinking your mom's pussy and you're
sitting here saying you wanna tell me
what you just that tell everybody what
you just said flowers have got me
aroused before some flowers up there
these are really cool like a florist and
well that embarrassing it was only one
time I got fucking yeah fucking flower
aroused me a little bit did you get a
poner just told me to not put any of
this in because he does two on sexual
harassment charges from a tulip cuz
you're a d g your husband had open-heart
surgery yeah and it went well no oh wait
what nope guys in my last vlog I pulled
a trick on Zane where I had him hand
beers to trick-or-treaters and then I
had their parents come and be really
upset at saying well after we did it -
Zane we actually ended up doing it to
Jason and this is how that one happy
Halloween that's a joke totally no it's
a joke it's a joke you're all there no
continue 13 years old is my idea
together idea we're not gonna give him
the beer what didn't you just pick up
dear
no I we're not we're gonna do we're
gonna let them leave with it or open it
right Bailey I expect that from him he's
young but you know oldest man are you
serious this is a prank are you fucking
serious dude it's the prank it's a prank
you get my kids beer no it's
I apologize it's like a fucking miracle
horse it's a joy it was it was a stupid
gag that he no it was a good gag that he
pulled on you you know you always see
that he's always on so we came up they
came up they said hi and they're like
I'll go say hi cuz I'm a fan so I see
him up and I knocked and he comes out
and in one second he goes hey hey let's
do this thing for old people I just
walked into my apartment and you're just
sitting here what are you doing here
waiting for my friend
we're doing magic tricks with dolls who
invited you guys here my friend has been
talking to Nick Jones owner and he
invited us over and then I'm Alex he was
in here earlier he's in the other room
right now with brandy are they hooking
up to all wrong room bro job who let
that sex in my room jewelry from color
to have sex with me she had sex with
Donna in there looking for you guys cuz
I assume Don's having sex in his own bed
and then I walk in and I see two people
making I'm like oops sorry wrong room
and then I'm like wait this is my room
you even signed the consent form
Jonah was in love with you here to sleep
with this guy sexual immortality
Jonah's losing his mind
everyone's lesson around here do what
chanting do you have to say to get rid
of a demon Jody makes you like it
subscribe tweeting yet david dobrik guys
Scott wrote a new song Scott sing this
out baby
no she won't stick this technique does
link to description below is gonna be
our new podcast I talked about spending
a million dollars on something whether
or not it was a good idea Satan but like
david dobrik version
