Johanna just told us that he's actually
OB and I don't believe it for a second
so Curtin is looking at all that weight
machine you mean a scale it's because
you are into each one like it's between
120 and 370 he's obese by light if teen
pounds that's it like we having this is
the cutest thing I've ever seen guys
what are you guys doing guys trying to
have your kids talk to each other don't
touch it down where are we going
stop looking at towels we got jokes to
make it this is a target edition and
besides this is dry humor you know what
David
fuck you I'm throwing in the towel watch
it playing games
James Hey look I'm the gabbie show your
book is sold out it's awesome no we
already used them all for what a
fireplace these costumes are cool but
this one's incredible I was real tired
after a long day of work and so my mom
was tired was a pun how'd it go well I
would have told her mom wine this wine
please Kyle have it have it
Malita your knees are bruised yeah
that's because I was doing jog I'm doing
yoga doing yoga we're at this guy's
house had a really big dick oh my god
David my favorite restaurant rock-hard
no no Carmelita that says hard rock oh
sorry Carmelita is a little dick Lexi
relax
I mean dyslexic and I've been a
prostitute before Lena if you're ever
looking for uber as these are the guys
to go in these are the rumors much more
colorful than before well it's just to
let people know that it's a new
Brotherhood because I had a gram of
heroin in my asshole and I have to get
it over right away I'm going to jump in
what the fuck is this shit
no it's an umbrella oh and I'm Brandon
it's when it rains you put it right so
in the main piece on me I can't fucking
rock the pier right oh look at this
David two men working on one hole it
reminds me of last night Carmelita look
at that it's samseong
that's the name of the Korean boy
yesterday Katie makes you like a
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
if both of these guys make this basket
right now all halloween merch is 20% off
the whole week am i right Jason take a
step back real quick just take one step
just step on his dinner hi guys in three
two one
shoot I already said that's 20% off so
how about it's a great side note I'll
definitely write back looks like a
cheerleader just got out of practice
it's a fucking tough loss today
