all right so Jonah tased me earlier so
it's time to get him back before I leave
real quick everybody hug could join up
for my own for my montage go goodbye bye
unless you do we just got on our flight
and Dom goes
it smells like vagina on here there's an
older man that gave me the dirtiest look
but he's like oh and I'm like sorry
that's my friend and he's like no no no
no he's right he did smells like vagina
guys now that we're in New York let's
walk out that door in a really cool way
he used to live here but he moved to LA
and now he's a big-time actor have you
seen anything yeah we watch a lot of
porn I guess are you married yeah is it
a really good mood and then you go
through so are you married he goes yeah
I'm on the 16th floor and on this truck
it says jump here New York is such a
feel-good place Scott would love it here
this is a place of business do not knock
no exceptions police will be called
dancing you're so extra that you make
too much money nice for taught to be any
use on my channel you need figure Todd
is good use in my channel this is my
first time on a private jet
they got me that's it I couldn't go on a
private jet so guess what I did
I bought a private jet and I put all my
friends on a private jet I'm gonna smoke
that blood inside here we told the
flight attendants that we have one
problematic friend and we asked them if
they can guess who it is
like what I did today a real pilot goes
the planes going Breivik's you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
the vlog isn't actually over but if you
flew on a private jet and you didn't
make a montage did you really fly on a
private jet
okay I know you the guy with the mop
David Ortega else come on you're missing
the party
