I can't believe they named a store after
your wife's decision to leave you okay
yeah 2.6 million dollar house $150,000
car hang on beautiful girlfriend maybe
the most talented woman in America do
kids ever believe you at school I know
my speech you were supposed to say yes
and I'll just pretend things are gonna
get better because you got a cool cool
friend that can do this okay
we just picked up scent from a party the
second we got in the car we got a flat
now Jonah's trying to fix it I
understand that your car's busted but I
have a beautiful car right there and he
needs to be driven I did but I didn't
five minutes yeah we're gonna be part no
fuck you guys bro don't fucking leave me
here bro tornado is your fat ass that
bus of the car that you were sitting on
it the police are you Jonah you're
arrested for being a dumbass don't help
it this is something he has to learn how
to do by himself
throwing out the cop pulls up he's like
Jonah you see that you broke your tire
gonna need a rescue set like a
requirement for people working on cars
like you people that work on cars not on
belts I understand the bikes crazy nuts
so much filming look how we ready to go
here you know to be on camera just
flipping in there
one time sin was logged in on his
Facebook right and Tom went in on the
Facebook and he made the biggest
coming-out message like a paragraph ah
God forgot to tell Zayn that it was his
job and same woke up the next morning
with like 50 texts from his family
saying you're so strong like you really
like just put himself on three two one
go
not bad fucking maniac on top of that
and Trump yeah in three two one go oh my
god oh hush and Desiree make sure you
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys we'd like to thank everybody
that's bought our merch that's amazing
and I too would like to thank everybody
who bought my merch okay go for it Tim
anybody else no that's it
anybody want some popcorn hold on hold
on life sighs something to say
