this is what a girl looks like that's
these are tied the next morning when she
comes out of his room I Sophie I don't
know if Scot just came back from an
African tribe or from Bonnaroo Jesus
Christ that's got this guy's hot didn't
have sex really you know how I could
tell that they weren't gonna have sex
right away because they went it to
Todd's room and Todd texted nude I don't
know what I have to do what do i do
right now if she wasn't just throwing
herself on top of right away I just
listened to everything words are here
our conversation was like a little
stilted he's like do you like okay we
have sex now weird he had the girl in
here and the door was open I was baffled
yes it was like his parents were home or
something okay so this is girl named
Adriana and she watches the vlogs and
hopefully she's a big fan fortunately
she got into a car accident yesterday
he's been in the hospital for over a
night now was just too long so we're
coming we're going to give her some
merch and because that's gonna make the
pain go dude so we're gonna come and fix
all her bruises with some Jason - merch
gonna see Jason ship merch and she's
probably gonna fall into a coma what's
your name
are you healthy yeah okay well then
we're not here to see you
we've all been waiting for
come on get up give me a hug this is
what big Nick looks like all the time
that's how you know it's depressing try
the world's hottest pepper okay well we
brought you a little something something
is for when you're uh that's that
Colombian good kush coke your mom's
coming your mouth we're good we're good
David's vlogs this is the Jason masher
actually you're probably the only person
in the world that has this no one's
buying this if you need more let me know
this is all the food you have left
there's no more you think you have it
then try being me motherfucker
you look good I thought it's gonna be a
lot worse listen she's in pain there's
no time to hit on her right now you're
like you look beautiful when you get out
of here how about me and you go for a
drink you don't do drugs your brother's
the crack head of the family that's
amazing you guys go out and smoke a
blunt outside teach you a lesson this is
what happens when you do drugs every day
you want to be like a no you're in a
much better spot doctor came up to me
and thanked me what he said he said
you're so funny in those 15 minutes we
actually see that she's gotten actually
from what I heard it was really fucking
hard I always wonder what that was
working on by his computer over there
because he works all day the other day
he finally showed me he spent a couple
hours editing a video to make it look
like he's hanging out with Justin Bieber
hired actors and the whole thing should
still lie to his friends from back home
and make himself seem cooler I don't
even know this is the video Justin
Bieber left the club
that's the stupidest videos in my life
some kids from our school and they're
like yo she actually hanging out beaver
and I literally responded to all of them
like are you dumb watching max but you
like to subscribe to tweet me at david
dobrik as before i go i got to show you
guys just in case Todd wants to
masturbate on the go he got this little
guy alright guys real quick LinkedIn
descriptions gonna be our brand new
podcast jason tells us all about a sex
party he just went to in hollywood it
was a crazy drug experience so go listen
to it
