Oh time come hold my camera I'll kick
your friends ass holy shit
not in front of my salad Jonah has a
brand new girl over which means I have
to try to get her on camera and
interview her you guys need me in here
you guys fuck officers a good question
phone spy can activate a second let me
come in for a second even alex is here
we're about to see a fat man get laid
we're gonna go live right now we're
gonna speak to the lucky or some would
say luckily what do you hope happens
next that you guys get out of here
oh okay getting out of here come on oh
wait Alex you've instead huh I can't
believe you're showering for your day
when your date is right there
that's okay so long story short a couple
months ago Gabi told me that you'd
really want a flying squirrel or a sugar
glider as a path so if you're looking
for a couple months I finally found Gabi
her very own sugar glider hi come on
quick it'll be quick the bite will be
quick open some I know who's that is
that my door I'm opening my eyes I'm
opening man you can't join you oh no
it's a flying squirrel now his own
company of marsupial t-shirt I'm not
here for a regular day of hanging out
with you Gabi you never are have you
ever been here in the past three years
told you the deal I thought we were just
chatting like we normally do you play
game like is it fuzzy no is it slimy no
no I'm saying we can't play that cuter
than scary I don't know find out
it's a flying squirrel it's yours no
it's not yes
you're lying he's a sugar glider right
and sugar gliders are from Australia do
you like it jump jump do it jump on more
time one of the smartest girls that I
know it's a lake just the biggest woman
that told me the glider gave me all that
glider needs attention every day or will
become depressed watching Raven makes
you like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik anything off bad guys it's not
actually a huge penis I just have a
shirt in there to make it look like a no
seriously let me check this I'm sure in
here I tricked you so what'd you guys do
what'd you guys have sex fuck yeah this
is awkward
