oh my god is that up in that and your
pants are you just happy to see me
banana I had a really good month last
month how much money did you make last
month $40,000 $40,000 what does that
make you think makes me think about
sometimes I always say something about
Corinna Lisa's like that isn't current
inspiring $40,000 really inspiring I
really like the steps he took to get to
where you're at you know one step up the
ladder each time they're Dom's you're
not you give it to me okay yeah it's
actually from are you serious these are
my shoes yeah these your shoes remember
you got them from American Eagle Todd I
bet you've been like we have something
serious to say though the landlord came
to us and it's gotten to a point where
he's only allowing us to keep one of you
guys around which one of you makes him
more money who brings in the more most
views
well why it has an Instagram with a lot
of followers in that's no excuse
it looks like it's settled Wyatt you're
here to stay Charlie you're gonna have
to go because your instagrams not good
enough I picked a surprise in your bag
the lights off do something funny when
the lights turned back on one two three
go three two people choose to hang out
with what did you want to be when you're
older I mean when I was really young I
want to be like a bad but I think every
kid wanted to be a vet I wanted to be a
cop every police sorry sighs did you
want to be when you grew up I want to be
a cop with no character cops you know
we're both your parents are police
officers yeah well they weren't like I
don't think they were official cops
thing they say were mob crops what
happened so were they police officers
police academy I think they ended up
dropping out those two are dirty Dom
make sure to keep our tradition in the
family study something but not all the
way just when you are almost finished
quit fucking what is your grandparents
do for a living oh my grandpa he was a
wizard we'll see you later lock the door
behind us okay okay bye dude bye dude oh
wait wait
Duke's a dog oh shit you're right you
two we're gonna see who's the fastest
because Karina you're talking crap about
Jonah we're just gonna pretend like he
didn't notice it oh my god
we're here icing Jonah's elbow right now
because of that Stein he's so bad oh
pretty fucking with you oh you are hey
that's no way to treat family I'm sorry
about this Achtung sauce in Georgia
makes you like to subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik anything else to add Scott
well you're really generous you're
giving your shout out to an entire state
Georgia yeah
I do where you do really I would like
fuck this shit out about
