I just got pulled over I don't know how
fast I was going but this isn't good
this isn't hello hi hi need your license
registration police license
authorization yes
my name's Kat oh okay Jason and I have a
surprise for you for everything you've
done for us and for everything you've
been through we're gonna blindfold you
we're gonna bring the surprise in here
that's why you came here today you
fucking bitch you promised that the walk
bro I swear to fucking god
big Nick opens his eyes Chase is gonna
put his ass in his face this is a very
stupid idea
put your head forward and just feel it
no it's up it's above you it's okay take
the bike off Jason first took off his
pants it goes when it's fat I felt
something it's right above you so you're
gonna want to reach and you open your
eyes we're here for a very important day
today we're gonna get Jonah way
Jonah actually we have a surprise for
you Michelle Obama is on FaceTime you
wish you Wow see someone over Michelle's
ovaries like ah let me see the phone
make sure you ask her her name Dom never
done you can't get laid tonight that you
have dolled out for true love on three
use protection 1 2 3 use protection
first of all we want to thank all you at
USC for welcoming us tonight oh here is
a virgin that's not necessarily true
we've got somebody here we have one
directive tonight we will sixteen is
coming together with the dobrik one or
one reason only to get this man
motherfucking live
bro we're trying to get our friend to
lose his virginity you got any tips wait
which one this one right here this is
him so we're no magician Bob are you
typing for Joan right now what's going
on what's going on she said really
well I'm pretty chubby I'm just letting
you know so I don't catfished and I
started typing well I'm chubby Jonah
oh my god you are so why then did it
happen you like and subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik guys our podcast is
gonna be linked on the description go
check it out I'm gonna tell a story this
week because Chris's parents are out
there and my desk is there but I didn't
know they were there cuz my headphones
are on and I've been farting all after
guys this weekend only all clickbait
merch is 20% off you don't even need to
enter code so go buy them it's gonna be
linked in description below
