you haven't been initiated yeah how much
would it take for you to have sex with
Jonah $3,000 I don't know I don't know
if I want to fuck her in there all right
I'll have sex with you oh my god give my
firstborn
Jonah's penis is really small you just
told us just come and tell us how big
Jonah's penises Kenny what how's his
penis show me your boobs to go Shaun
housekeeper cheeky is about to come over
and we're gonna pull a little joke on
her it's nothing serious and I'm sure
she's gonna have a lot of fun with this
just keep in mind or this entire time
it's full improv from her she's gonna
have no idea what we're about to do to
her no idea Kiki we need to talk to you
about something serious you're not just
a housekeeper are you no it's not funny
we found something cheeky yeah just we
all trusted you don't look at us like
that don't just be laughing I'm gonna
show you what this is okay and you're
gonna explain yourself
what's that what is that chicken yeah
don't act like you don't know what it is
what is it what is this pure pure you
test it already you already tested it
Jason we tested it enough no you're
crazy
who's your boss it's an El Chapo cheeky
a bullshit
do I look like I do cocaine if you don't
pretend like you don't speak English
dying in the street because come on run
with the dogs no no no oh my god
it's locked in such a care and make sure
you like and subscribe tweet me at David
chicky here
