if your name is Jonah then what's my
name my name jack your dog is literally
pooping everywhere look at that it comes
off brownies Jason going to school here
you go dude you thought your dog's poop
is literally everywhere look at that two
kids
poor kids were having their seventh
birthday party and one of them just got
an a on their science test and the only
thing that God as a present was Jason's
asshole this type of a boner because he
likes the attention you do have a boner
and Scott would know cuz he's been your
friend the longest and I've sucked on it
we were just in here sucking each other
off David comes over big deal we just
suck each other off and not fucking
college look at his phone on his phone
he's editing a picture of me and him and
he's got that in his pants
you know Todd's only into himself you
think it's rock hard right now I don't
you fucking touch it yeah why don't you
touch me I'm not gonna put me touching
it on camera I'm gonna touch it with my
finger has agreed to play game with B
which is pretty it's pretty advanced
fucking quickly basically we're gonna be
playing a trivia game for every question
he gets right he makes $30 but for every
question he gets wrong he gets shot with
a paintball gun it's amazing I uh
this is so about how many continents are
there what through ten and you said 13
what black woman refused to give up her
seat on a bus Rosa Parks who is the
current vice president of the United
States
are you serious yes Jonah come on the
president of the country the United
States but it was Obama a month ago this
is a trivia game and you didn't know the
fucking President of the United States
how do you think this is gonna get
better for you my fucking boyfriend then
what month is Black History Month
February every month Black History Month
nigga what is the name of the closest
star to the earth oh my god Jonah come
on ready two one
I'm kidding I'm not gonna shoot you Oh
that's why I just won $180 on the david
dobrik show that really makes you like
it subscribe tweet me at that's it there
goes the money train my gosh I apply to
Starbucks right away
we're at the movie theater and we're
gonna try to sneak in it didn't work
