Hollywood Boulevard night hey Dre you
know these guys come on blacks you think
I know every black guy Jason two days in
a row you're wearing the same stuff yeah
I got a whole thing I'm doing you have a
grease stain on your shirt yeah so what
no one's just fuck you either that's the
thing that you're doing in workout
clothes or two days in a row so I'm
always thinking about working out do
clean there's literally ketchup on your
pants and you look at Gabby what do you
see do you see a happy person
fuck no exactly you have me ex-boyfriend
she had last year how many none that's
the problem
I mean you wouldn't want to date a 50
year old guy would you recently she got
a nose job
he's been complaining about her nose for
a while now no you've been oh is that a
good thing the other day you came up to
me and you said let's kick it up a notch
yeah take it up sucking a bitch David
yeah today we're gonna take it up a
notch
we're gonna use these chills and we're
gonna wax off your chest hair oh you
motherfucker what's done is we actually
gonna be like in three two one go
to clean up every time this happened so
I can imagine when you spray tom was
like Jace is there he would have fought
you
it's gone too far there are limits there
are limits and you are pushing aa cream
sauce and cat makes you like to
subscribe to eat me at David Dover ready
for the outro David what's with the
helmet Jason well I'm prepared for
anything physical you may have coming my
way
what if it's mental Mitchell I can take
that
hey guys on a serious note our buddy
Casey nice dad is doing something really
cool he's helping raise funds for the
victims and the families of the Vegas
shootings gonna be linked in the
description for the GoFundMe please go
donate whatever you can even if it's a
dollar two dollars whatever you want and
if you guys don't have any money to
donate then just tweet out the GoFundMe
link with the hashtag love army Las
Vegas anything helps guys bye bye
