hey Reptar and sphinx Jesus like Drake
and Josh when he wasn't invited the
wedding we're in the car and he's gonna
sing some songs
okay go know how much they cost more
than I should have faced Jesus Heath
you're on a budget so I didn't get all
six bottom are you serious you called me
last month about not being able to
afford Ram yeah cuz I bought the group
what's the point of oh are you tired of
not getting arrested
let it be fun that's thought it'd be
edgy it is it's cool I think nobody else
has a girl because I do like a for the
reason because it's a conversation
starter yeah it's like this hey nice to
meet you what the fuck cuz I'm pretty
convinced that Dom doesn't actually have
any real parents your parents know that
you moved out or do they they do they
just think that you've been gone for a
really long time what do your parents do
for a living
your dad's a rock star so your dad's
unemployed there is a situation we have
a top you got a hanging from the
basketball hoop under it I have a grill
in canola oil we're gonna try to light
Todd on fire who's in the canola oil in
the pinata is Jason's eight-year-old
daughter Charlie but I'm more nervous
about the propane tank next to the pot
yeah no fucking shit
you've done fucking skate how dare you
not think of that thank God heat this
here and he's fuckin outdoorsy and races
I mean your togs into this that's that
kind of breathe it's danger that idea
here is that that is a pinata doll of
Todd Smith that's true what will be
better
what would hung a real live human being
up there or not hanging want to do this
but you're forcing my motherfucking
hands
somewhere Muhammad's your fucking Slovak
ass
your son is about to blow this item to
take the propane tank out you can't stop
me I move back Josh you speak Slovak
what'd she say I was Hungarian for hell
yeah good luck sunlight he thought fire
in five
I'm stuck didn't do it now cuz I
wouldn't killed me it would've just
annoyed you we got a stripper pole now
Jonah's gonna do the sexiest stripped
its ever gonna jump from the TV back to
the pole - five four three - ah -
Stephanie wish you liked it subscribe to
tweet me at David Dover guys Josh and I
have merged yeah says David exacts on
the back hey I'm vlogging on the front
how amazing is it now that we have
merged that we share together this is a
step up in your life or a step down in
your life no this is a whole body
experience is one big step down oh my
god Jason watch out
