you do a lot of drugs though this little
game where I do all these drugs and
you've never tried them it's the biggest
line of bullshit
and I've heard who's the audience gonna
believe this cute innocent boy have you
deported first by that far down why
don't you go post your YouTube video to
your three subscribers you know I know
you weren't adopted because no one would
watch you guys okay you're the type of
guy to eat an entire cake and blame it
on your imaginary friend for your
birthday I wanted to bring you a pet but
I was scared your parents we're gonna
make it into scored on your friends
aren't the only thing that are imaginary
so are your dreams of ever becoming a
successful youtuber Shiki had everything
million-dollar mansions fast cars she
dated Tony Romo quarterback of the
Dallas County no what has worth drugs
rush to it all the way now she has to
clean houses you wrote a song about the
cocaine addiction
and sometimes I put it in my butt I've
never known all these things about
cheeky why are you hiding this no she
saved my life once how she gave me the
light really yeah what were you choking
on every time I see you just making fun
of me yeah you Lily what's gonna balloon
pushes Jack Reed who's Jack Reed my
manager that takes 15% of all my brand
deals which is fair it'd be fair if I
got some brand new have you have you
guys seen any brand meals recently met
you this is Todd's manager well it's a
percentage you take of Todd's deals Todd
isn't gonna be big Nick big Nick doesn't
have a manager so Jack and Brandon go
ahead and fight for him right now
they're announcing all the nominees and
all of a sudden Scott's face was on the
board John that's look at each other
like it's not me
there's three different cups here you
can choose one so you can win option
number one a Carolina Reaper peppers
amazing is I think you did this last
week this is why I didn't collab with
you last week that's because I didn't
want to eat the pepper no good news good
news because option number two was to
one I'll make you a deal you can go
again if you go again you don't get to
money you've got the all three it's your
choice you don't have to take funny
really funny cuz I just became a hundred
dollars richer
Hawkins watching is about makes you like
it subscribe tweet me at David Ober God
Jason look at that number one dad huh oh
no this is Scott so let's go yeah I have
a mug it's number seven million five
hundred and thirty five thousand six
hundred fourteen asshole deadbeat dad
Jesus Christ yet how do they fit all
that on a mark it's not on a bug it's
all my divorce paper also tell me is he
good at clarinet
