that's my nasal spray would you a cup
with last night nobody you said you had
a prostitute over a prostitute she
wasn't a prostitute her name is Cindy
she's actually really insane is a you
Matt is a you I knew from the second I
saw it wasn't Todd's condom you know why
because Todd doesn't work dildos full of
cocaine you get home and he has a box of
a hundred dildos this is my Becca card
that lets me stay in the country they
said in lives there's thing that I look
really depressed in me back I cannot
milk anymore goes to the game system
acts 5 there's one time you guys were
talking to prostitutes right yes no last
time in Vegas these three girls came up
to us they were like who are you guys
where are you guys staying and we're
like oh we're saying at the Palms we're
here for David's birthday
we're like showing pictures in our room
and they were just like you guys want us
like come up and just have some fun it's
hot
Todd looks at like the main girl goes
yeah how much and the girl just like her
face just like drop there she goes fuck
you it walks away so then that the girls
come back to Todd and I and they say
look that was really rude for you to
assume that yeah but we're $400 I just
picked up Jason from his house he was
late cuz he was babysitting his kids
while his ex-wife was on a date with her
new boyfriend can life Jason what point
does God go I've done enough what do you
think is a bigger penis
you are her new boyfriend probably him
do you think that she's ever said this
well in bed with you're so much better
than Jason do you think she said that
like that's a way to turn him off she
says that to him and he go
yeah no shit but on the bright side I'm
sure that your wife is jealous of you
for hooking up with some 20 year olds
from time to time I don't know I don't
know she cares that was a joke she
definitely we just told Matt we were to
tell later we're all going to Japan and
you can't come because we couldn't get
extra tickets when are you going next
week your wine you know that I've been
wanting to go to Japan for so long I've
been saying this for months you guys are
going for fun and it never crossed your
mind Oh
clues the ones fun guy part of our group
who's always wanted to go to Japan yeah
Jason's coming what are you gonna do
gonna go over to Tokyo Kyoto all of it
can't come that's the most frustrating
part of this conversation I will buy my
own ticket limited space on the box
limited space on the bus like I just
don't feel left out of stuff because I'm
holding if I get left out I'm just gonna
have fun yeah give me your ticket Matt
just email them at this is a prank at
gmail.com
your favorite food one two three
to be honest you guys don't even look
like brothers oh they were teaching sex
ed in my school uh-huh and the teacher
told me I would have to get the fuck out
cuz I don't have to learn that shit what
did you say back to her and then III
told her to fuck off that's watching my
I miss you like a subscribe tweet me at
David though but guys Todd and I are
leaving Las Vegas casino took a bunch of
my money and Todd took a bunch of
virginity so
that didn't sound like you're putting
that in but it's all you're bringing
that it didn't even laugh after that
that was not fucking going
