we're here with Jonah we're finally
gonna get to meet his family if my dad
doesn't really like you doesn't like me
doesn't make the way you Frank what do
you hunt okay no more questions how do
you feel about Jonah's room being so
dirty every day I clean five times I
tired my right jokes you want to be
that's nothing as Nick have girls over
does he do it yeah that's awesome good
for you you want to see it one time
before I die
friends it's cool no not really
like a hundred people to my birthday
yeah so it was nearly nobody that came
not even one person one girl came she
gave me a present
she's like I'm getting the fuck out of
you ha ha ha you smoke weed yeah of
course Jase is making pasta and this is
how he checks is the Parmesan cheese is
good he licks his finger this is what he
does he goes like that and they put this
figure in an elixir who does that it's
not your parmesan cheese we are
an effect that I saw I can't imagine
what you do behind closed doors probably
stick your cock into this oh yeah
because we're picking up I'll Drive you
drive over black people that's fucking
simple math you can put this on the vlog
I'm fucking liberal dude I fucking vote
for Mac Peking is crying you're going in
a $160,000 car into a bad neighborhood
you're gonna have the black I Drive are
you gonna have the white guy drive to
buy drugs what you gonna do come on
Jenna can take punches really well no
I'm not punching Jonah no fucking
this is for all the black people three
two one go on top of Jonah it's that
goes let me know if you need me to jump
in that's vodka crossing Darby makes you
like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys once again our podcast is
gonna be linked in the description below
we have a new episode out and Charlie
has a little message forever yes she
does
I'm 16 oh my god
