watch this next person walk through that
door is a virgin a couple days ago there
was an earthquake that hit Los Angeles
so I started recording seconds after it
hit things quick those my father who
does second whistle now see that sir
does that happen everybody freaked out
okay we're like safety what's going
David go straight first fucking cared
anything toys was like this this
earthquake prompted talk about the San
Andreas Fault which is a huge
continental fault that's due to rupture
any second and when it does it's gonna
cause serious damage to the West Coast
this conversation about the fault
led to Brannon and I arguing about how
he would react if the San Andreas follow
us to actually rupture I fucking know if
the San Andreas Fault were to rupture
you'd be the biggest pussy out of all of
us actually I want to see how you would
actually react if the San Andreas Fault
Wester up sure and this is how I work in
the - and Brandon comes over at night
we're gonna have police officers pull up
and walk up to the house from here the
police here and come up to the door and
tell everybody that they're evacuating
the neighborhood LAPD everyone's going
to leave the house mountain to make sure
that Brandon believes that this is all
real we hired 20 extras to play the
parts of neighbors exiting their homes
and then just when we thought we were
ready Brandon called with some really
bad news he just canceled his date
tonight so of course I have to call his
day and make sure that she can't still
not yeah are you going on a date with
Brandon the night you do me a favor and
not go on that date and now finally we
were ready to do the price
oh my god this is real baby what do they
say this is fake who's what David is a
speaking of work Jason where are you
going Jason Jason Jason okay get in the
car in the car be leaving get in the car
we have to the vaults rush are you in
the car fast and we're not doing it
they're getting in my fucking closet
what is going on where are we going I'm
going to see Mike get my fucking brother
do it it's dangerous to be on the right
gotta go just my fucking brother you
need to calm down sir I'm not gonna do
anything when you're screaming hollering
like this would just calm down
oh my god are you okay police come up to
your fuck to your apartment and said no
we're not going back there
we're not cool I'm not staying
fucking how I'm gonna fucking hit you
let me out of the house stranden I'm
gonna fucking hit you let me out of my
house I need to get out of here I'm not
staying fucking house I'm gonna go
outside on the fucking Street good yeah
because fucking cops just came to
rehearse up the fucking fault line has
ruptured
cops say to leave and then they said if
he's gonna fucking arrest me if I get a
random get on the phones your mom right
now and you tell her that this is the
prank fucking I called your relatives I
called everybody emotion was a prank I'm
so sorry
there's there's your limits this right
now is dope who are those people out
there they're all extras we hired like
20 extras is to pack their cars to look
like they're leaving
everyone say Brandis a pussy that's how
you know you got a good prank is when
the guy fucking that was that was
brilliant but I'm gonna fucking kill you
thanks for coming up I called your date
and I said cancel on him and she's like
why I'm like just do it so I didn't just
salamis you like and subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik dad what's going on dude
I lost my hat dude oh no oh it's hat
dude stupid you know what dude dinner's
on me oh my god
oh my god
