we're at a party where it's fucked up -
three guys dressed up as icon security
guys realistically if DOM and Seth were
to get in the fight would you have their
back it gives me more followers we're
dating
really intense game is one-to-one right
now
I bring up shaking Josh a lot a lot yeah
I was thinking about this this is
serious question who do you think has
made more money after anything Josh Mir
you check out this wheat look it's in a
case you can use it to magnify it so you
can see the wheat and then you can also
smell the weed right here why do people
get so intrigued by this that makes no
sense why would you use that for weed
I can really see what's beautiful what's
up guys - Trisha and Jason went on a
little vacation against Las Vegas
they're only gonna be gone for a little
less than a day but that's ok because he
left his room online so we got Kristen
from Ohio who's an amazing artist we
hope and she's gonna pick this entire
wall Jason you sure should have no idea
that I'm inside their room right now
getting away
wow that painting away - what oh my god
oh my god that is so guys this is super
realistic oh we made sure to draw
Jason's saggy ball sack Jason looks like
me what is your fucking ABS on you David
god dammit good to make the realistic
perfect I think this is my favorite wall
so far and I loved my wall you asked you
think so yeah I love it
your reactions are so monotone yeah this
is great I like this okay let's go oh my
I'm gonna roll luck or next week when
they were insulting just ten grand on
this didn't you yeah you thought you
could leave without me and and not reap
though get the scripts guys just tell
you painted something on the wall one
surprise just to make it really
realistic Jason it's your ball sack like
kid-friendly it has like a daycare vibe
to icing Mariana she like subscribe to
me at david dobrik for the outdoor today
i'm going to be doing a fire trail light
that candle on fire
this is a sick hotel better redbull no
stop game is a dick move huh okay forget
it
yeah 1300 hours for these so stupid let
me try mom oh yeah I look sick yeah I'll
give you 1,500
