Jason's daughter is asleep right now but
I really need flock footage so I think
it's time to tell her I'm sorry I'm
sorry joy
I'm sorry are you serious right now
serious my wife is he actually not real
we're all surprising Esmeralda firkins
in Paris there's no idea we're here her
sister set the son
you honor my blog who wants to eat the
world's hottest pepper what's with the
black band then I recently Trey what is
this your new book oh my god Gabi you
know what this calls for
because Gabi's book just came out linked
in the description there's gotta be my
new merge to sign up Oh Gabi I already
found a type of Gabi Hannah is a
web-based comedian quickly you won't
believe this dude you're in Gabi's new
book yeah it's an illustration called
how many girls that taught sleep with
last month my kids and I are trying to
get something to eat tonight thank you
so much
we really appreciate it thank you so
much thank you well kids let's go get
some dinner let's go get in the car
damn we just went to USC and we pretend
there's a Lea's birthday so I can
finally hook up with the girls he hasn't
hooked up with the girl cuz he hasn't
looked up with a girl for four years
she's broken up with his axe and this is
what happened when he almost made out
with
Oh cow dude what is this thing is this
your new car yeah I paid off all my
YouTube money all the truth college ruse
there you go
oh my god fuck you I'm gonna be guessing
childhood TV show theme song so I'm
gonna play it we're gonna guess the
peeps I'll see how it goes
let's go that's logic let's make sure
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys linked in the description
below is gonna be our podcast yes called
views check it out guys we're talking
about a range of subjects that's amazing
the good news is it's all audio so you
don't even have to see Jason's face who
wrote this book Louie CK
