oh my God look at my pony yeah how's
your finals good good Karina are you
doing good in school yeah yeah who put
that horse there hey guys look there's
two whores in my apartment the only
reason we I don't know why but it looks
like he's about to pee doesn't it oh my
god he's peeing oh my god I was right
help this is probably the most Hollywood
Boulevard thing you'll ever see in your
life look at all these people and then
you see Todd as walking is the book
before you start vlogging Karina you are
a nanny
yeah cause we agreed it was a nanny and
the baby was sucking their thumb like
this curtain was like no you have to
suck it like this
I'm actually very impressed with your
videos good yeah even Jason I said that
and Jason has a lot to say about you
like you deserve your following you're
very nice to your followers you take
selfies go ahead Tom what are you doing
tell Todd that you slept with his mom
what the fuck dude if he's up with my
mom then one side of the bed is you
sleep on your own Siri what's my name
we're gonna give you the Carolina Reaper
pepper while you eat it we're gonna wax
your chest I'm gonna go to the airport
early let's do it's gonna be real quick
two lakhs trips coming up in five
what's in your eyes do you mind you were
supposed to eat it okay guys stop come
on with my merchants come on now is not
a good time to baptize yourself can I
keep his shoes and his wife back there
myself in the pool second I was payable
to Heidi mom we gotta go see you later
Andrea miss you'd like to subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys have some
big news for it I have some big news for
everybody
the big news is all clickbait merch is
20% off on the website you don't even
need a promo code it's linked in
description go check it out
