what's up guys I have a delivery driver
coming over right now and I'm gonna
invite her inside and ask for a very
important question I'm babysitting right
now and I need help changing the baby's
diaper and I'm wondering if you can help
you change the diaper no you know how to
change the diaper okay thank God because
this is Tana by the way Philo youtuber
she said the n-word ones she's not
saying it anymore on camera just
recently went on a date they were in a
dressing room I don't know why they were
trusted room together but Jason was
getting changed and Jason thought that
there was a spark in the air Jason leans
in for a kiss
you're not giving all the information
tenez 19 years old now that I know are
like I wouldn't even want to they're
here for the party
oh you have a new weapon sir no weapons
no drugs no drugs sir no no no nothing
then what the fuck you doing this party
mode where you know that there's a lot
of controversy surrounding her at some
times like all the time constantly
drama-filled poor Arliss what I thought
would be fun is I wanted to see what Dom
would say about her if he didn't know
that she was standing in the room right
next door Oh she'll survive do you think
ten of photoshop's are pictures I could
tell she photoshopped her face there her
boobs Oh
photo stop stalking everything bro are
you serious yeah Tana is that true
Tom now that tan is here does she
Photoshop her pictures oh yeah
absolutely
she photos housecleaner crying VidCon
Zoo
you've seen her cry at VidCon why was
she leaving your hotel room do you like
her what about her apology to the unwary
that was probably one of the most
foolish responses I've loved every hired
ray Irish are you Brandon back your
son's a pussy the daughter I always
wanted that's what he said when Brandon
and Jason started hanging out did you
think that they were having sex
yeah he's Mexican he came from Mexico my
father understood exactly everywhere
they said how do you think that you've
gotten you're following my tips
forget about your ass okay so you had a
bathing suit Brandi okay seven you
$17,000 Jason what did you have to do to
make $17,000 because it works for any of
my followers because I feel like we
spelled truth serum in the Carina
internet besides like our group actually
under like work for their followers no
mercy our group just you through this
month what why
how dare you I made him the man that he
is - I'll have you know Corinna this was
David watching Drake & Josh ten years
ago the fat one he's funny and he will
be mine because I think Jake makes you
like it subscribe to beat me at David
over as many of you guys know I may be
getting deported but chi-chi's worrying
that we can do it Cherie she's got my
back you got my back you say yes do you
have my best
