you keep messing with me you keep
fucking with all of us I'm gonna make a
phone call I'll call immigration what
are you gonna do from immigration I'm
gonna tell them you're here and you're
gonna be gone they haven't come get you
they're gonna have immigration
department yeah right so you better do
everything we say like for example put
me in the entire vlog today all right go
ahead and call him I got some next-level
shit I'm about to break down on your ass
I'm in the bug anybody's in here we go
we're coming back from a party we're
probably the first ones to decide to
leave and I had to pull Jason out cuz he
was having too much of a good time
fuckin thank God for David pulled me out
fucked up tonight cuz you told me to get
fucked up he's knows how to show me a
good time there wasn't there was the
coke in this pocket that shows you a
good time he's friend the coke in his
pocket crazy you've done so much that I
was speaking to you yeah yeah I'm gonna
remove him with him I'm gonna remain
with him who are you moving in with the
coca jeez you're gonna be okay yeah I'll
be great I'm gonna tell my kids so you
came here because you have a surprise
for us get out which house but it's not
seeking your honors you know that
message in English we don't know what
that is it a nice surprise or a bad
surprise yes sir this is so price that
either sounded like bastard pad what is
it 3 2 1
that's you all three of these guys
excluding Jason put how much money they
have in their bank accounts on these
pieces of paper and now I'm gonna guess
what bank account belongs to what person
all these are bullshit one guy wrote
zero one guy wrote one country lien
dollar and someone wrote 200,000 yen
zero naked dobrik just asks you to eat a
Carolina Reaper pepper yes this is
something that I would jump at the
opportunity so this is Kevin this is
Scott's brother Evans gonna try the
Carolina Reaper pepper very very bad
idea mom approved it was actually mom's
idea
three two one go
oh my god watching Raven makes you like
to subscribe to yeah David Ober getting
LSAT guys like I do have a youtube
channel go go for it backslash jason
nash comedy everybody you toss you
backslash Tommy Smith cool are you
serious mine's youtube.com slash
you got my name out didn't ya real quick
I'm gonna link my podcast in description
below go listen to it I reveal a lot of
secrets there
