I'm just not down right now like to be
honest I'm tired I've had a long long
day maybe just save it for tomorrow I
why don't we take a short break from the
door jokes I'm trying something new
straight-up weird for you to pee with
your diaper
not a diaper it's padded underwear your
attempts of fitting in with the kids
gravity China these are the diapers I
don't wait what's going on what's with
the new way you look like cookie from
Ned's Declassified why is everyone
dressed like this why are you dressing
your friends are becoming entreprenuer
every time I have flour and cut it up
into those lines it's the craziest thing
our lines
David's line big Nick I've always cared
about you the most
remember when you got that surgery and I
was the first person to call you yeah
because you want to see if I was dead to
you that you'd click be yeah but I still
called you
fuck let me got puncher than that
Randy keeps going I want to go back in
there kick his ass if we went back in
there a little big up Brandon there's
the guy and Brandon would be like let's
do it tomorrow
we don't think Brandon would do if you
went back choke him out
fight to the death better there's no
reason to live you if I ever decide to
leave America because I'm a decorous
epyon I can't come back into the country
so I need help how do I get back into
the country are you coming to do like
tunnels watch folks out cheeky how did
you get into America she goes like not
okay did you sneak in really okay that's
all we need thank you for coming back
cheeky you didn't know but I've been
working with immigration they promised
me to let me stay if I turn you in I'm
probably gonna get deported suing and I
want to let you guys know it's been a
wild ride if I have to take you guys to
court with me would you guys testify
thank God nothing weirds happening nice
normal night okay singing
okay now that you've been deported
welcome to your home country's rocky
your brothers and sisters that you have
not known this is me to bathroom on
niner and this is Craig imagine I
blindfold you and I put this guy on top
of you yeah a giant gorilla and you're
just guessing what it is watching Katie
makes you like it subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik
I said I really don't have legal
citizenship here in America I think I'm
gonna have to marry cheeky is that okay
cheeky yes
