do you have anything the first yeah you
can help yourself to anything you want
except the ketchup it's mine you serious
have a coke dealer here he said hey he
just pulled a prank on me he said he was
buying coke but it was just these follow
me what do you mean follow you ever
since you got that pimp on you know
really think that's growing on your body
is that pimple I don't want to say the
same thinks that when you say siblings
it's referring to your younger brother
or sisters are not so much a younger
brother sister sibling your sibling is
your brother or sister no matter what
age they are he's 45 years old trunks
okay swim trunks nice speed up let me
show you something tell me alright swim
trunks swim trunks speedo and just when
you thought it was over this is Brandon
and Brier they've been hooking up for a
couple months now how long did it take
before you guys started having sex
that's 30 miles idea was it
you are the first girl we're gonna do it
the first time and then we didn't what
happens me
Brandon was on his period was it the
best sex of your life thank you
we're gonna go on Hollywood Boulevard
yabbies gonna pretend she's pregnant and
we're finding out the gender of their
baby if you haven't seen a gender reveal
video this is it what's gonna happen is
they're gonna figure out that their baby
is a girl Jason's gonna lose his mind
because he doesn't want a girl we're
gonna see how people were pregnant
outfit before we do the actual pink ball
I told you soon we should practice and
he's like why this is why we met out
here on Hollywood Boulevard two years
ago in this spot he is three months
pregnant today we're gonna find out the
sex of our first boy it's pink it's a
girl and if it's blue it's a boy
they wanted a boy you can't control
whether it's a good control she could
have made it happen sooner
Jenny chromosomes that made in a girl oh
really are you serious right now you let
me come out anyone embarrassed me with a
girl out here told you something I
needed a boarder get sick of this shit
Jews and I'm fuckin done good go get out
of here
Gaby come on baby so uncomfortable I
don't even know how to end it I kind of
just watching Rory make sure you like
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else to add fat yeah check this
out okay Scott's getting too comfortable
now I have blackmail on you from inside
my house look at that oh my
