three-two-one whip Alex now you like
keeping this a secret but what
superpowers did you get when you became
a door when the radioactive spider bit
you what I'm really good at slapping the
fuck ugly face an extremely bad jokes I
have never seen somebody down in
somebody's shadow as good as either you
found somebody in Chicago who is just as
broke as you and when he climbed to the
top you fucking hung on it we're at USC
right now we're gonna try to get into
this frat party for Brandon I it's gonna
be easy all we have to do is watch it
Kenny Jason is gonna be a lot tougher
just like freshmen turns and he goes you
know what that guy's not associated with
the bus at all can I get two rooms we'd
love to help you out today do you work
here to be honest I don't work here I'm
part of a mental institution say we're
having a danger in here
maybe gonna get deported I'm not from
here it's not born yo no soy citizen why
are you laughing
La Migra Kampf I mean no no Slovakia oh
you a me let me yeah and it's looking
that Donald Trump is probably gonna have
me deported very soon because he's
ending Becca and that's what's holding
me here in this country and it's very
serious and I don't know cheeky if you
have any idea of what I'm talking about
right now you understand a little bit
that's very sad but I have no idea what
you're saying
the US citizen oh Jesus he needs you for
my citizenship I never thought I'd have
to say this
Chiqui what do you do when ice comes to
the door here Jason pretend your eyes
immigrations also called ice it's me I'm
not the citizen oh you oh really yeah
mr. ice man we build our entire
organization on races that's nice
watching Lilia makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik guys
link to the description is gonna be my
merch website we're all weekend long
every merch item is 15% off and I know
what you're thinking why did you
discontinue Scottie merch well I did it
so I can make room for the new Scottie
Meyers come on out guys
jane-anne got a new shirt - boom
