that's strike that's Josh and it's all
love people back together again we're
all good that's amazing okay so what
anyway
oh fuck you fuck me you look mom never
even liked you she's not our mom was
okay so if you watched my vlogs you know
that I loved two things and that's
blindfolding my friends and putting
animals on top of them and then there's
my crazy obsession with Jake and Josh
I've been begging Josh to have him come
over with Drake and it finally happened
and this is the footage of how all my
dreams came true I have a pretty
important surprise for David Josh asked
to borrow it that's how you got my
camera it's gonna hold my card on my
heart you're gonna be doing exactly what
we need you to do on the floor blog
think of everything you've done with all
that together and in my equal to this
brand new car I don't know why
I'm disgusted Jason I just saw the
trailer for one of your older movies JC
goes yeah and on goes camera works not
good man children all but it kind of all
the comments on the trailer maybe I'm
just the only one and then I look in the
comments that everyone's like who shot
this the fucking guinea pig why you
didn't like the fucking camera work Dom
cuz it's not going in and out like this
make some chicken and eat it raw and
we're regretting getting the puppy be
honest with me
what's the difference between having
kids and having a puppy would you trade
both of your kids in for a puppy no no
not at this point it's got a pretty good
Instagram following going so Charlie
which kid do you think your dad likes
the most
watching Gustavo I make sure you like
and subscribe treat me yeah David over
it guys I'm gonna like Josh's channel in
the description below and there you can
see the official Drake & Josh reunion
and then make sure to tune in next week
where I surprise Josh with Oprah
seriously no don't joke about ya my best
boys are back in town me hanging out
with Drake and Josh
yo Meghan sucks right guys also like the
description is gonna be the too much
Scottie merch there's only 24 hours that
it's gonna be available before we take
it off the site forever and in honor of
that all too much Scottie more it's
gonna be 20% off for the next 24 hours
so click the link in the description
below and go check out this year
