okay someone hit 69 he is wearing
Karina's Murr I understand that we have
to take it down because Calvin Klein
didn't want it out the book guys it's
not that special you don't have to break
into my house but I don't like the
police are coming
my legs are shaking my legs are shaking
oh my god this is legit I'm David I'm
just a vlogger but he's in my house
who's in your what'd he do with the
night thought he could have heard me I
don't know told the cop and I'm a
vlogger and he goes Jesus Christ okay if
you're actually this much of a crazy
idiot I may have to call you back to
being my box full time that's his that
is the brushes his that gun probably
scared you guys my bed I mean he went on
my couch it's a dope couch well it looks
like he tried to set up my security
system that's kind of ironic nothing
happened here which pisses me off
because this is my roommate Alex's room
and he deserves some stuff happen to him
we can invite him back in and sleep on
my roommates that you guys find my
friends we'd know oh good yeah there's
no such thing oh it is good then I don't
have to hide the coke either you want
him to go to jail for breaking into your
house or not it's very simple I mean a
person what's that grinders yeah there's
no
maybe I killed them I killed him with my
bare arms thank you yeah this must be a
separate call for Jason that's a bad
joke I know hey if breaking in the
houses doesn't work out anymore you can
always join the dirty gang next time if
you want to come over to shooting the
attacks I buddy hope you find your dad
do people buy your March yeah I get
sales you just have a lot of relatives
numerous comes out your mom groups out
with all your family members burger
Jason would yes what's ours
would you like Chiba cheese with Jason
like cheese on the burger
can I call my lifeline hi it's the
million dollar question are you serious
oh my god okay okay okay do I want
cheese on it
no cheese no cheese don't know cheese
okay she says yes okay is that your
final answer you want to lock it in yes
that's my final answer lock it in
yes I would like cheese on it we ought
to get weighed down to get on this
private jet that's how much heath weighs
Smith is that
we're not actually going to Vegas we're
going to Oregon
I Serbs lock through stretching Ava
makes you like to subscribe tweeting yet
david dobrik guys todd leaving a croatia
for the next eight days which means
scott you're the new todd i don't have
to be me anymore
