do you know where CBS oh my God look
who's dropping off Trisha no way Trisha
look how big his truck is that's not
just a friend she wants to be part of
the Balch squad I thought you were
exclusive with don't care if she fucks
around how do you feel about that she's
got pretty good taste and I don't know
this is your girlfriend you're supposed
to say you know some girl just now you
would have pulled up with a hot girl in
a car you're dating Jason you obviously
have a bad sense of who's hotter we got
a brand new apartment for the next two
months because the new ones being like
redone so I'm going to surprise
everybody the brand-new apartment is
that kind of a surprise but Michelle are
you ready I'm about to show you the
brand-new apartment for the first time
and this is a brand-new apartment oh my
god it's like you your universe it's
like someone in India try to recreate
this at Jason when he's in the Tesla
she's right this is that first day begin
a brand-new apart so we got to break it
second day and doing this kind of shit
it wouldn't be a party without some 30
down whatever she liked to subscribe to
where you want to punch me in the neck
Joe's putting canola oil all over can we
see how fast you can run
I also go for go for
