why's I need help please help me where
is she Oh - what's up guys so as many of
you guys know there's a huge fight in
Las Vegas this weekend between Conor
McGregor and Floyd Mayweather my friends
like any other front group in America
have non-stop been talking about this
play unfortunately they obviously can't
buy tickets to it because tickets go
from anywhere to two to $100,000 each so
I called my friends that see keek and
they immediately jump to the cause and
bought me and all my friends tickets to
the fights unique is an app where you
can find and buy tickets to literally
anything I'm gonna leave them linked in
description below so please go show them
some love and use my promo code dobrik
for $20 off your next it's time to
surprise the boys with the invite to the
fight why is this gonna help me by
pouring all these gummy bears on top of
them in a bathtub and inside all the
gummy bears is gonna be this invite
what's your arms on you're gonna guess
what it is okay my arms out yeah like
that okay it's coming soon okay so just
get ready for just a bunch of lies in
the mouth it's nothing bad eriell down
in the morning with lion Charlie tell me
what you think is on you three two one
how did that get there
like it was me handing it over to you No
shut the fuck up your life
joke this is real
yeah the lights for us in three two one
oh wow he does not care this is exactly
why I never put Scott in these
situations he's not scared of anything
he just doesn't move and then you gotta
read the note what is this you hated
these I'm going back for you guys I need
that for my fucking mental health David
we're not putting a fucking blindfold on
we don't need to do blindfold crazy
around you
hey let's do a bit where we like talk to
each other something you gotta throw in
a fucking bathtub I know what explosives
just already goes driving I'm just no
one wants to do it this is serious PTSD
from doing these too often do nice
things with me and then I'll do fucking
awful things
say come for it I'm sorry hey that
that's a good fucking deal it's just my
old room here you go open these they're
tight for all her fucking miseries open
the envelopes
it's real with alex ernst and then with
casey nice day are we taking private jet
for one night well I'm so fucking cool
man you're like construction Loulou
makes you like and subscribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys we don't have a lot of
time for this outro so we're gonna have
to make it quick I'm a slut I'm old yes
Davida matchsticks Hey
