Tad's in the shower right now I'm gonna
hide in this closet and scare him when
he comes to hell
chickie why were you in the closet tried
doing that intro a couple times this is
what happened one of the time knows that
he's getting scared pretty so don t
forget some guys you guys are all the
dirty games I've never seen four dumber
he bought a balcony you guys have
parents or anybody that Dom said a year
he's gonna let me drop out do you see
the dirty gang in ten years where do I
sit well 3/4 of you are gonna be in
prison yeah this woman's having sex
she's pushed up to the glass look at
this look at all dirty game coming over
why'd you dye your hair don't know I
feel like I was looking too good so I
had to fuck it up somehow how's it been
sleeping with her every night huh dude I
wake up in the middle of the night
there's like four shits on the floor
hits everywhere I can't go anywhere
without stepping in pissed that's why I
said you shouldn't have gotten a dog no
that's my girlfriend Kristen oh she's so
stupid she thinks a basketballs another
dog that's a good idea in case in the
middle than that you're gonna attack by
sports equipment we're here with William
we're gonna prank his parents there's
not much more to it let's just see how
it goes hi how worried is this your son
yeah I just caught him smoking marijuana
in front of my house down the street
mom are you sure I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry oh I'm sure he was with another
boy yes I'm positive ma'am I caught him
red-handed
the other thing that's the problem is my
wife she's bi and I don't know where she
is right now and I don't have a car so
she's wandering the neighborhood cuz we
just moved in and I'm trying to teach
her how to you know learn to see where
she's walking because she can't see
these guys come out they go that's my
camera I was taking some pictures of my
wife in a bikini
why well she's just cause she's blind
doesn't mean she's not sexy you know
what I mean I've got a daughter she's a
ginger and they also made fun of her
they called her sesame chicken and I
thought that was pretty rude too
unfortunately the main problem is this
dildo collection that I have is I make
glass dildo there of rock stars John
Mayer Keith Urban and now they destroyed
it six or seven of the dildos you know
how hard it is to get John Mayer's cock
sighs I had to have seven different
groupies go in there and mold it and
then you put it in the oven that's what
I have to do but with rock stars dilled
that weren't penises ma'am ma'am we're
just kidding no but he was actually
smoking weed legendary drinking Josh
nectar Josh Peck is at my house right
now I'm gonna tell him that I can't find
my phone so he has to call it and then
he's gonna realize that my ringtone is
the drinking Josh Dean can you do me a
favor and help me find my phone real
quick
response in chachi make sure you like
and subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys there's only 24 hours left to enter
the contest where your name could be
tattooed on time and if you don't get on
Todd's body that way then don't worry
cuz there's plenty of other ways to get
on Todd's body like literally just show
up to his house
you think he looks cute do you want to
capture this moment you diving this gym
like this fucking nuts bro Jesus man
