oh my god aliens they don't know me
familiar less like two days ago Asahi
it's a polar it clear the boys and I are
going to play golf right now you guys
don't know what golf is all about get
involved in the hole do pull over I'm
gonna be the shit on hey baby I haven't
seen a fine ass lady like you in ages
I don't know if you got a boyfriend but
I'm pretty single I look at this guy
fucking cock blocking me man I was
trying to pick that woman up you come on
cock blocks you get all the pussy huh
tiger with chinos wife a long time ago
yeah it's horrible man it's all for two
yeah here's a golfer what do you think
of that gee what it is okay all right
are you ever gonna move back to Vern no
I want some rich and famous when you're
rich and famous yeah the bummer so
you're never moving back here I know Tom
ever ends up in jail you're gonna bail
Matt Galland or if you ever go to jail
you can call me then we will immediately
go to David and borrow money this
YouTube thing doesn't work out anymore
where do you see yourself having a hot
actress in the games your fallback or
something more difficult and successful
than you're already doing that's like
being a teacher and being like hey if
the CCG doesn't work out what do you
want to be in the teacher goes I don't
know probably a billionaire man it feels
so good to just sit back and relax final
dessert Jesus Christ
oh hey Todd wondering if you could come
speak to my class we're having an
assembly about peeking in - it's past
five o'clock go get ready your
caretakers come and pick you up
we have seen you in one horse up on so
how does it feel to be the Internet's
best looking lesbian
Oh
going on in your guy off Scott you don't
want to be here right now god nice hair
what color isn't me more attention
cheese
yes need more attention blue Otis yeah
hey it's Liza the world's most
overweight in India who do making dumb
faces would make you so much money haha
here's a dumb face he never makes a
single dollar have all these
firecrackers were going to hide a B now
let me see your biggest file in three
two one
ha ha ha you're on a show I have cameras
man alex is a hidden camera right here
has been referred you to dr. frankic
date is done we were all surprised and I
hope there'll be more testimonial
bastard that was crazy he told me he was
going to bring ya d Howard like whoa so
that I'm far as the YouTube experience
first time we were talking and we were
sending each other Craigslist postings
for a new apartment we shared the same
insights of what we wanted in the apalis
what's going on we could down dude Eric
shut the fuck up if I go fucking around
you're fucking going down fucking with
Alex no you're fucking going down with
me
you motherfuckers know who the fuck I am
Alex what is that Alex
oh my god it worked
knocking fucking Lou come if you like
and subscribe to read me at david dobrik
guys it's now time for the moment you've
all been waiting for
iPod go ahead and show them in three two
one state wrong guy we had an idea one
lucky person that orders the merger the
next 72 hours is going to get their name
tattooed on top so go ahead and start
buying the bird so like it's going to be
in the description pool home where you
already look exactly like what my
parents told me to avoid I should burn
out you see your penis again yeah yeah
