check us out ready oh are you writing a
book about picnics
really this is a colouring book what can
you possibly write about picnic their
son has sex in my apartment with I did I
told you when do you like you told her
was my mom always make fun of me right
for being a virgin you really make fun
of me like she's like there has been a
version still pussy and you guys shut up
you've been hooking up with a Spain guys
like that's a huge ring holy cow where's
that ring from yeah well you got that
for your 20 year mark that's our big
annex territory money's going right yeah
that's my big new graphics yeah Radames
decided to throw a party today after
we've told them numerous amount of times
not to throw on Alexson I thought it
would be a funny idea to call the police
on us we are the police they're about to
walk upstairs and bus stop no one at the
party knows that the cops are coming
other than me Jason and Alex they're
going to go in the party to rest down
and then just for kicks they're also
going to arrest Matt King comics are
looking for Georgie dog buried I'm not
sounds I'm calm down shut it off
Jennifer dirty John you go with Georgie
don't ya whoa whoa you know you're
kidding what kind of other quarter I'm
recording man
so was that not yeah we're looking for
Matt wait who's Matt not what did you do
with it
you bought the oh I bought the alcohol
that's the words okay hold enjoy why the
fuck you guys arrested you need me a
grand this gentleman Matt here move
against the wall please
you didn't fucking bring any fucking
alcohol damn it shut the fuck up
walking gender met didn't buy any Elka
Tom I'm not gonna lie I really expected
this from you one day I'm surprised that
it's not going online at all
watch your head down hold on are you
good yeah I'll tell you that oh my god
ok I'm filming a different case I don't
associate with dirty doll I don't even
say that like I'm at a dirty Dom part
I'm here for my friend Alex and date
alex has a bunny I really wanted to see
you know how I'm being it's heightened
associated that I bought your for this
horse Matt you didn't do anything how
long is it going for well three hours
and total is possibly ready for believe
it's weird I do we meet you guys in that
yeah yeah just me over the taking up
your comfortably really Bayless I'll
give you this I don't even like pugs
we're talking about that on camera
because I just like I don't Matt what do
we do all you want to get there do we
call your parents who do we call no
that's all you know you have a logo I
want you to get a lawyer because I don't
want to be part of the situations you
brought the alcohol I did not bring the
alcohol you had beer in the back of your
call Matt do not raise your voice with
me right now you are embarrassing me in
front of these fake police officers okay
cough car oh my god I'm so sorry are you
know Jesus and prank bitch is that what
you think is going on I can't leave
Guinea arrested with dirty bomb you're
actually scared when I was upstairs I'm
like okay it's a joke when I want to I
saw the car online okay maybe there's a
power shut up at first I thought like oh
this is bacon they're strippers and then
they didn't change their we're walking
out to the hallway so on the striptease
bed go for it my boy goes to jail I'll
go to jail
Kathy stayed upstairs in the apartment
well I know was it really when tom went
quiet I'm like oh my god
dirty Don has been destroyed the worst
prank you've ever done you mean it's a
minute right
waiting on a lockpick - Kaelyn makes you
like to subscribe tweet me at David
Dorfman and Hugh deal right now I'm
gonna flip this coin okay and it said
when I've had you only in tricking Josh
reference and if it lands on tails I owe
you a shout-out yeah yes dude outside
here goes got them come on
oh I landed on ad and it stink to
another coin yeah he had a quick
reminder link to the description is
Jason eyes podcast on the last episode
we talked about me trying to kiss lies
that are in the Teen Choice Awards and
now hard it was on me go check it out
it's down there say cheese yeah smile
