picking a canary like this you're like
mother and son big Nick and I are like
father and son I did a video where
you're like best friends for life don't
remember after watching you did that you
did about trance for life don't you want
a video
no he's just got here and he hasn't seen
the brand-new wall yet so I have to show
look at the law oh my god yeah
so sick I love that he was going to draw
my penis on here too but I wouldn't sit
on the wall David no no this is the one
thing that could cock block Todd there
was nothing on this earth they could get
in the way of Todd closing a deal with a
girl except this I'm ready Todd never
listen I just put the snake here I think
he's going to come in to clean and we're
going to hide in the closet see how she
reacts how she actually reacted here you
won't be coming back
I'll go on to the zoo right now I cannot
wait to see the monkeys they remind me a
toddler goofy nope a masturbator you're
gonna be the oldest person to do Ariel I
think there's like a hundred ten year
old turtle there so often you're like
hey I know you
I got a schooling I'm not actually going
to the zoo I'm just going to shop it we
visit like the bear exhibit being just
terrified I write it down in my notepad
ha ha ha scared of the hair generally
they would talk to one of your keepers
like hey I put on my checkbook who
closes the zoo at 5:00 p.m. all the
animals are in they're off the clock
drinking see you there all cheering
David David I fell in the gorilla cage
no Jason I pushed you
I know your best hour here no for
business our way no it's not in our
country we have showers you can just go
back home run another channel I took I
saw a baker oh my god and our YouTube is
gonna be a number you'll do I in the
shout out
long story short jason has this woman
that he's been talking to that he's
completely in love with she's his age
and he just completely obsessed with her
and she's coming over right now and I'm
gonna get to talk to her jason has been
raving about you before you came in here
it was like he's never met a girl in his
life like that's the way he talks about
you it's nice to see that he's that he's
found someone that he wants to marry and
why are you so weird right now i quick
question was really sandy this is Danny
Laurie sandy what are you doing you you
are super attractive I'll be honest
you're way out of his League it's all
nice whatever but in here you could quit
the act like more like a quick little
date that you're doing or just like you
haven't got apparently I'm table to talk
to them are you single
yeah very thing my friend is single over
here something about like older women
have so much more knowledge in it asking
how old you guys are at that rude how
old are you guys 16 is outsourced you
know take them away and then you're
gonna go on Kate and now I'm going to
just be like you're worried you're gonna
be like I'm hanging out with Sandy and
be like I was you're saying
hahahahahaha gangster always watching my
comics you'd like to subscribe tweet me
at david dobrik any not bad guy
yes how about a musical okay forget the
words babies day but Amber's gonna be
alright
what is we are you're a fuckin lived in
the trashcan and you really want to be
Navarro
