hey I'm your pregnant belly Negus what
did it hello Liz you fuck how you got
twin I can't be on camera
yeah ejecting a veggie remember a
fucking subway where you heard of it oh
I never worked a job every Romi job I
work is fucking your mom oh hey I don't
look like a fucking 6-inch subway your
sperm cell paging me brother your mom
knows that my sperm cell looks like oh
my mom doesn't slug and a lesbian oh no
bitch whenever there was a woman ha ha
ha Ryan's back and we're going to do
something - Jonah once again Jonah's
gonna sit in the tub and we're in a
blindfolded and instead of pouring
animals on him we're going to pour
quicker Oh Johnny and then when I picked
the blindfold off you'll see if there's
a giant snake sitting her head Jonah
wears the shirt not today but I got
ready for this tiny thing
oh the feel on him a shower and wash oh
that's got I'm kidding are you sure
people want you to what is wrong with
you you want to see what we dump time
feels quicker oh yeah I'm like it's
digging into my skin ok so todd has
decided to leave for the entire night to
go back to his parents place I decided
that would be a fun idea to repaint part
of his room and to do this I called on
my artist friends Malcolm to help my
dream become a reality not what's been
hard I work on the painting I haven't
seen yet before anything happens I'm
going to leave all his links in
description he's a dope artist go check
him out go trim some was just a big
penis on the wall
I'll never go see you for the first time
oh my god Oh
me and Todd and we're having sex to
generate the power I feel like brings
girls home really are you having sex
with David over down there like the
yamen needs economy yeah seems all right
well I met just the artist
you're gonna give you credit but this is
what I want to know for I'm really happy
that I live very far away from okay
watch the door
oh my god not really particularly weird
you would I think the symbolism behind
this is me taking advantage of all my
friends and now I can afford a Tesla I
really thought you were going to
surprise me with an animal it turns out
you did oh I just all you got to do it
right in front of myself cause you want
me to leave you my room for a week yeah
my entire apartment is it's a big mural
of Julie major doing different poses
I paint every wall and it's just my
penis cuz so long I goes around entire
wall I would I'll just I haven't been
completely honest with you I lost my
door before I left I unlocked your door
after you asked there's no fuckin trust
here I'm sorry you can't tell by his
outfit yeah there's something leaner on
the fucking water and not much you hate
people go on in your room did something
for you because we've been buddies for
such a long time ready to see your
brand-new room 3 2 1 surprise we're back
you're in the front
beautiful oh yeah get that hustle you
got the beautiful sign now it's great
huh cool and somehow when girls come
over we gonna get laid I love for you
pay me to rob McKee and seems like I'm
not gonna move it after exhausting
swatch and Danielle makes you like to
subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
anything else dad Scott oh yeah what am
I here it's just because I was happy you
finally put a shirt on
