Jesus dude these are disgusting I know
there's not like fucking pussy did you
have to compare the smell to your
fingers
Jason is really really good at being the
guy that could stop in traffic like oh
my god I really pissed this guy off I
shot you then you cut me off back there
I was I wasn't gonna cut me off right
there I got it all recorded a little hot
shot shit and your fucking fancy sports
car let me tell you something I work for
a goddamn living I don't suck daddy's
dick all day
i'ma call the police sir I'm called upon
hearing from me
what guys got his girlfriend a brand-new
puppy before he surprises his girlfriend
on his channel I'm gonna surprise my
girlfriend on my channel with his
girlfriend's puppy well you're about to
see is it yours but I want to show you
okay Kristen no but you can see it's a
puppy the quickest puppy got where are
you titling with video probably
surprising David's girlfriend Liza Koshi
with my girlfriend's new puppy I'm glad
we have a new member of the vlog family
start putting tiny animals on her paper
to the wall Harley and Bruce are coming
over I'm gonna make Carly lay down I'm
the blind folder she thinks that I'm
gonna be surprising her with Scotts
brand new puppy but instead of the puppy
Brian brought one of his good friends
the alligator here and Brian is also
going to be blogging so you can find it
on his channel in the link in
description below lead on is David's
vlogs pillows available on Sandra Darko
closed door bridge oh great that's not
going to look oh my god look
it almost fits your hands I swear on my
life oh I'm never doing this shit again
this is a test that's Carly's hand you
pull more chicks than our homeboy over
here this is a prized possession our
jewel like this is obviously the best
looking friend ever right hates right
there that is like yeah your prized
possession I'm a piece of shit when
we're out they look at him first no
that's not true
no they do I see you with so many girls
it's incredible right Scott yeah for the
next part of our blog we blindfolded our
friends put them in a bathtub then
surrounded them by a giant lizard and
alligator and dumped a couple hundred
super worms on top of that this is how
that all Underdown your dimes most lit
front yeah yes are blind told you oh boy
you're gonna put you in the tub all
right hold on bro what bro what's that
you used to skate don't make any noise
oh no
Oh parents today I've never seen like a
drill in my life
John wears a shirt I'm sure the
neighborhood sure to the camera you're
good oh there we go
Alex it was a joke Alex Alex the whole
fucking thing bro
Alan just throw this thing trying to get
that you know that group bad dog pick
something marked which you like and
subscribe to read me at david dobrik i
tune in next week where i put a big
blood sucking parasite on Todd straight
oh that I know your mom was going to
visit again yeah nigger like that makes
you are there
Oh real quick guys in the description
you can find the podcast where Jason I
talk about how he lost $80,000 so go
listen to that what happens in the bus
you get like superpower even a greater
dumbass alligator machine-gun
