Todd since you're 26 I was like into the
seventh grade when you were a senior and
I so so so old jason has a tender day
coming over right now and as usual I
gotta make sure she's the right fit for
Jason so you two met on tinder how old
are you 28 now do you know how old Jason
is 44 do you know how many kids he has
here's two have you ever been married
Jason has Jason what was it what was it
about her that turned you on
she was the only one that's like Jason's
ex-wife is actually 77 years old he's
bilingual yeah I love you I can't wait
to go out to dinner today howling oh
mama song come home Jojo it's so nice to
meet you I was there a little bit
nervous he's saying I really hope the
buttons on my shirt can hold me together
is there a chance you guys will come
back here tonight so if I were to sit
and wait on this couch this is the
sexiest guy in our house she was kidding
okay she was kidding yeah Jason can you
come here that's a little torn by the
comment or she said that he's not
attractive she's here I swear to god no
I had no idea dad was gonna be here I
swear it on my kids ha she must have
been kidding she was kidding were you
kidding
oh my god I don't know why this is so
adorable why have we never thought of
this before I can do that the thing is
like I'm not really sober right now so I
felt like I was flying looks like he's
the biggest bully on the kindergarten
yard what's up pussy welcome to
kindergarten fucking take your pepperoni
Jason I just got the confidence is our
first time in the city hey block there
is that the main man what's up this is
your grandmother's house hi missus I'm
David nice to meet right over there that
is the Compton Court now that's a
courthouse yeah we moved over here
specifically so we wouldn't have to
travel is where I'm making constant seem
like it's a bad place but honestly so
far it's not at all if I'm 100% honest
as clean as my apartment which maybe
doesn't say much don't disrespect
compliment first haircut never cut hair
not always seen a barbershop but he
doesn't work here we just pulled him off
the street oh yeah serious yeah that's
not good cracks like crazy you see the
video where Seth made out with him I
mean I recognize we made it man
white folks you hear in there you know
what they say about a guy with big
scissors right cops come to meet you and
then while they're here the right well
since we're here we might as well see if
you have any warrants out kendrick lamar
on the biggest deal here thanks for
coming back to cops and david not
forgetting your route mavar we toast the
room my tests I didn't bring in it's
more the cops you were they give me a
speeding ticket if I was speeding well
if we got pull it over right now yeah
you're probably just get a warning how
cool it that me and Ray would get around
yeah yeah expecting the line make sure
you like and subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik a bunch of you guys have been
given this a bunch of nicknames and i
have to say my favorite definitely is a
three musketeers there's four of us
alright
just a quick reminder down in the
description below you can find our
podcast we've already made over ten
episodes awesome show we love doing it
and it really pays my bills guys yes
even though I take 70% of the revenue in
description below
