losing my virginity to her was like the
best experience of my whole life really
I remember it like it was last night Wow
bullshit wait it was well I used to work
in an insane asylum
my friends they had a band and they
played for the patients one night yeah
so all the patients are they're dancing
they're dancing to my friends music
whatever it is one guy back inside knows
he's like too cool forever is very cool
he's too cool for everybody and you kind
of think that legs guys not crazy at all
he's like the one guy that shouldn't be
in here at one point during the show
starts walking up to my friend's dad
like this he goes yes where Eliza's
right now into this huge beehive and
this guy's gonna come and remove the be
high then when the beehive is removed
we're going to relocate it to Jacob he's
on your neck you've got your neck back
use on that cotton and I'm gonna cut you
okay the hotel attention oh there was no
video bunch of BC our lives and
properties I was going to kill him he
was like an astronaut Liza I'm Buzz
Lightyear to infinity and beyond you
look a little Taiwanese boy like picks
fruit I'm like a big tail would you like
some guava haha I'm hoping to do
anything I mean if you want to put
tarantulas on Jason yeah down
fuck you gear you texted me after saying
you got basically mug yeah I got robbed
bro Lily right where you live at why
because I was shooting a prank video
respective picnic reason next time
you're in a fight dude you got to call
me yeah Lily I got to come record a dog
he was like hey I seen you on the
Instagram hold you'll come around you're
legal solution all they saw your videos
yeah I beat you up too it makes getting
is ass being my emergent like where'd
you get that much where can people find
that and join that cause my story that's
so unfortunate that thing that got in
the fight use my promo code a swoop in
for 10% off buggy dig we're going to
leave the room you're gonna stay here
and see Todd's penis I'm in a report
back to us alright
josh is galloping I'm you just you
actually show me your penis show me your
penis I don't fucking sauna it's like
bigger than mine why do people want and
I have a son I see penises all fucking
man
okay that's around yourself more though
what I've seen my son's penis I'm an old
man walking out of oil
they'll be didn't feel weird showing me
his penis that's all I'm saying your
ten-year-old son Robbie has a bigger
penis than cotton or Onancock Todd
what's on your ten-year-old photo huge
penis giant are you serious yeah I mean
god bless them yeah I'm happy I'm so
happy for him I am you ready know what
though diesels a great guys great for
the pool mine when did you first realize
your side of Athena why would he came
out what are the doctor would actually
pulled it out with his guys Oh music
okay ten toes ten fingers in one
gigantic fucking monster pop I got a
weird for every time I was at my park
and I saw my dad Connie so big penis
skips a generation in your family yeah
maybe we should keep it out of the vlog
because he's starting middle school soon
and I don't want people to call him
names why people called names yeah I
need to walk into school and be known as
big dick dude
gonna be real fun we're gonna get in the
way of being 300-pound guys three to
show oh my god could you get it drives
on expect watching Eric wish you liked
it subscribe tweet me at david dobrik
guys brace yourself Todd's merch is
coming through ago yeah yeah
the
he's gotta be oh my god there we go I
just see my neighbors and the other
beekeepers on the other side boys in
white oh my god dude they're all coming
Jason they're all coming out of you
David this is where you go hey CJ I just
caught him smoking marijuana in front of
my house down the street
