everybody make out with me now Emily
thanks for what you really don't make
out with anybody dude I swear to God
what you fucking put fireworks in my
room tonight don't you do it I won't
talk to you I'm not going to talk to you
ever again
I will cut all fucking friendships if
you had will shoot with you anymore what
fucking podcast about duh okay it's not
anything that I be mad at you that much
I wouldn't be able to live anymore
why what's up guys it's 2:00 a.m. on
right outside Jesus room and I'm gonna
light a firework
hi Jason smooth the fuck dude you put on
her oh just okay thank you
let's just get four million views
available get something from Hardware we
do shit right condom oh that's hard
that's what I use I told you like this I
make it your school bases tape the wall
based on it again I'm gonna hold on it
and boom hold on
oh I'm just talking serious brother
fucking god oh my fucking god
fuck you dude I get some fucking Oh
hahaha like that no no it was it did I
think some of the times it by I just by
the number of girls
you've hooked up with in the lot I wanna
know where it can't be private I've been
trying to pry this out of him for a
while my favorite foods I'll do this by
the numbers on TV is mother fucker she's
been 36 thanks oh you actually thought
about now ah Jesus Christ I was a
prepared
like an equal to all the numbers and all
right that's enough okay does that mean
if you guys now I need to call that now
that we've all hold applied a bunch of
numbers together cool I want to give you
some date advice basically when you're
with a girl right go cry at the dinner
table because your legs don't touch the
ground these all seem oddly specific
shut up rather than a book somewhere
okay I don't know that sounds a little
strange what's the book called it's
called big nigga autobiography okay oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
god what is rip that it's just the end
of a broomstick grasp it firmly with
your hand I feels like a big old stick
and there's probably something at the
end of it I'm gonna hear your battle
through
we got put it off oh yeah
I say zonkers awesome Jennifer miss you
like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys got something really cool to
show everybody go for Josh quick great
back back here and I'm ready to learn
how to steal everyone's money by selling
the machine work
you have to choose right now to kiosk
your Tod what do you want I did five
years of Spanish like comedy almost shot
gimme the leche papi you know the
negative ever in the milk - oh no no no
husband outside I'll be like excuse me
mr. cheeky and today you know now can I
go back to Jackie
