vignette can you tell everybody why you
call me right now just talking to my mom
on the phone did you know the David on
the weekends donates his time to kids in
me no he does but their names are dumb
and fucking big Nick misses topic you
have a great laugh oh there's good all
right David's a really good boy I really
do love them I can't wait to be a
stepdad you know what I'm talking about
I know it is weird it's weird how like
clothes for Marco Rubio yes what was he
campaigning for who is sending a named
president the US Senate and president
and now you work for dirty Dom yes I
know right now are you guys dating yes
we're dating
really what about us Jason are
officially dating yeah yeah no yeah
they're covering her legs for the answer
the next year or so
oh so you're only gonna have to close a
deal it has to be a boyfriend/girlfriend
kiss dance dance kiss kiss kiss okay
fuck you some respect my girlfriend okay
she's been with the Baltimore Ravens the
entire team what's the toughest part
about working with dom jay-z walked in
here right now and i was like i want to
work with you guys what would you say if
Kanye West came up to you and was like
hey I work for me he's like I really
missed you it was really weird
oh wow it feels good oh she's coming
here she told us about your penis not
your penis but I'm literally gonna be
monetize from that sure so just like
most most of the time bottoms will do it
before they they bought them so that it
relaxes the bottoms like people that
have sex and the percent of for anal
beads
you put this whole people in like the
sensation of the popping when it's baby
pulls out these can fit in someone's
butt holes in you what you're doing from
size so you would work where should I
start a tiny boy obviously I'm not gay
but I really want to put these in a
bottle like this feels really nice he's
like yeah I know I just used that one 5
mm Dylan wish you like subscribe to me
at david dobrik guys since you have all
been asking for it for the next 7 days
only I'm gonna be in your vlog tell no
but to put Scottie merchants back on
sale baby dolphin
how long have you guys been best friends
for
