that's the cat I love hater you're a
fucking pussy bro I love you work for
that
what's up guys welcome back to me trying
to kill my friend Trey I made the steak
firework that doesn't blow up but it
just looks like it's about to blow I'm
going to tape it to my friends hands I'm
going to see how many of them actually
think I would blow up their hands no no
we have a special treat for you today
where's your shirt today know a lot of
people like to my last video I thought
we'd bring you back and this time we try
a little joke on you we've been too
scared to try on anybody else are you
guys going to light my hair oh fuck
who's gonna what's gonna happen making
out with these wrong we're going to
taste this flick to your hand okay
oh my god oh my god up in here oh he
knows where is dynamite intention
why were you about to jump off the
balcony I'm like it I'm gonna jump in or
it's gonna explode I get PTSD now
welcome to the vlog jokes to the kitchen
he cuts his hands off what's going
through your mind he's got to join the
fucking dealers or you got here I was
like I haven't been watching a lot of
vlogs recently I'm like dude then you're
gonna be so surprised when you see Jason
with two missing front teeth and he go
are you serious yeah as if it's like a
believable thing doesn't even freak out
he was just like oh no way that's cool
even I use both teeth well you're gonna
help me get it off yeah I'll help you I
guess once I do that I can't fucking but
they're okay and you fucking vacuum tape
someone's together oh this is so fucked
up Oh dumb come on that's good I'll pull
it off
you Oh what did you think about heart
attack you're all fucking listening
thank you
this nice guy out of a place it's like a
really really healthy vegan place and a
set of four looks exactly like Chipotle
but it's not the Consol vegetable and I
go up to Jason and I go hey this looks a
lot like Chipotle except for idiot I
don't want an employee's comes over a
Jason goes hey my buddy over here think
you guys are a team look what do you do
well I would you say that no different
than when you told that waitress and I
went to buy cocaine because you actually
want to go buy cocaine and you called
these guys idiot okay I'm gonna
blindfold you you're not because they
connected because I usually need ransom
I know you want to do that so give you
it after our prophet hood we all want to
enter work angle oh okay now David just
told us it wasn't really my work but it
was the real firework God dies and we're
all this cycle fuck I would never put
you guys in danger
safety is my number-one fire that last
part of that was kicked in we didn't
know that the footwork is gonna be so
big got went down and see you get down
and get that guns like what what I knew
is fucking exhausting tossing Ruth makes
you like to subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys i got new merch what is it
no mana is your goddamn black ass our
basic black assembler to the scripts for
my watch yeah before you're kind of a
bitch check it and see
damn it mr. Shah
what is he getting at Lex come on it was
a prank like it was a joke dude
seriously packing your bags Davis day
looks like I said oh are you do it I'll
see you later
