oh yeah Alex sandwiches it's open its
open dude go oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
sick an empty Lamborghini oh my bad dog
thank goodness because over here we go
three two one time
it's a lot more causes disappeared leave
it no yeah baby
making power boom like oh I wanted to
talk to you about all the jokes you've
been making your videos about me yeah
yes kind of my biggest fear don't say
one boob in my hands - mumble in your
hand squeeze squeeze do it over six
three two one sounds like what can you
do with this gives you a crime away
because this one's up - alright here we
go no one to think of one thing that you
pick up when you wake up in the morning
dirty-ass kinda big or small just a
difficult move you'll be thinking of it
yeah if I can make this thing appears
you're thinking of without a present
yeah I really got three 1s who you
thinking of oh shit
I've been staying at our apartment for a
couple days what's up with that why have
you been doing that are you paying right
so many no I let my homies live
rent-free
yeah you can't let people live rent-free
if you're living rent-free then where do
you see your little squad being in ten
years probably like Empire State
Building
they're jail talk to em parks and now
it's and I are here to give you a little
bit of a throwback
don't touch me sorry
we can I say the magical words which I
said her and I used to leave goofball
trying to wash your hands before you
enter out all right now wash your hands
this isn't a game I let me get a picture
of your smiling Oh Corrine are you silly
goose this is why we can't have nice
things anymore Corrine we're not nice
today anyway puke is all over the place
I can't keep puking places current
you're a silly good as in my last vlog
my roommate Dom made out with Brandon
and the quest to find out if he'd
bisexual he ended up telling us that
Brandon isn't his type so he still
doesn't know whether or not he likes
boys so today I decided invite Lindsay
over who has an ex-boyfriend who was
bisexual and hopefully he's going to
convince and determine whether or not
diamonds gay a lot of people in the
comments are saying that Dom you're
bisexual you yourself don't know yet
because Brandon is too ugly for you to
realize if you're gay or not
yeah just keep digging that tonight's
deeper heart they're going to help us
figure out if our roommates gay are you
gay and bisexual okay you have a good
date ah yes definitely okay Alex
definitely is a yes I knew it Larry can
I want to get in I definitely gay yeah
exam 3 oligo really good I'll have to
talk on this huh groaning you're so
jealous I don't give a shit girl fuck
you want your gaydar doesn't go off with
Brandon I don't know some gay I mean the
guy hasn't fucked me yet so I'm not sure
I'm just saying I'm not sure what's
going on here
Brandon is this how you hit on kai I
mean I don't know if I'm gay I mean a
guy is actually the best maker otter
I've ever made our maker
Oh fair enough oh ah oh my god this is
like an episode of real world I can't
believe this you like the ex-girlfriend
watching you feeling right now
my lips are tingling yes
let's turn tingling because you're
falling in love it's because your body
is trying to fight off the chlamydia did
you like making out with him more or me
more on this guy he's cool yeah you're
real piece of shit OK ROCK confession
Kim if you like it - tribe tweet me at
david dobrik guys how does living in New
York for a couple days and I'm gonna
miss him so much busy for other people
is there anything start I'm leaving - I
know go throw that in the car
hello and you do under those sheep that
literally just get scared and just fall
over
