wait Greenwich shops don't ever fucking
shush me again I do what the fuck I want
okay current I'm taking away your
Instagram shout-out I'm not going to say
who but I know one of your guests so you
two are going to kiss they're going to
figure out what kind of you're secretly
gay we have no problem with we just want
to know what are the other gay
well well know by the kid if you want to
prove that you're not gay and go ahead
and kiss I told everyone I was gentle
what dirty dogs gay already gone today
very few actually Jenna never made off a
guy like you like me you know find out
until you can't really do it and act it
wasn't that bad very good long time I
thought David with the game I thought it
was gay I thought I would pick if you
want to make out with Brandon and such
as TV today I don't believe you I think
the girl he likes guys you just have to
stand there yes what is it bullshit me
because I would what tell me tell me how
I look I can't get a fucking girl and
now I can't get you change man yeah more
like fucking heartbreaker if you're
taking this no I'm not faking it like
I'll fucking know I just kissed that mom
like no it's like I always have sex of
growth and I feel like there's never no
like emotional connection you have an
emotional connection with Brandon no not
Brandon that's the acuter guy we're the
first male to get rejected by $30
anything to get ridiculous haha I'll let
you kiss me again just to make sure it's
your great career are you serious oh my
god I got a enter that in right after
top and pen and made out but they're
completely unrelated I wanted a picture
looks like current of the homophobe got
numerous like I deliver a garbage bag
how typical mom is something at the door
I think it's just garbage oh it's big
Nick Moore dad is garbage that's a new
haircut I kind of like it a little sure
I'm turn about out of it yeah Mase is
that your life story I totally copied
this prank from Facebook but I really
really want to do it that's going to
call Jason to the bedroom and either say
that he have to film a Q&A with him
during the Q&A I'm going to be there and
I'm gonna be shooting Jason with this
toy gun that doesn't do anything but
make this salad all it does is make
while on fake shooting Jason Scott's
going to be sitting in the back with a
real airsoft gun shooting dude it's all
red you are here are you out of your
fucking gun your stupid question to sit
down Jesus you guys will deputy
guards'll is the next car that you like
to get that time
what's a bus ha ha ha you see it again
before fucking shit that's when we first
introduced it I never would have done
that if David didn't make me fuck
and there's our dressing like C makes
you like it subscribe baby at baby
anything I shouldn't say what they yeah
I never liked you bacon Empire
