I want you to do me a favor and just
smile with the biggest smile you have
fucking ma T David yeah those are
illegal well I know and I mean so are
prostitutes yes
but everybody's are way worse how about
you stick around tonight we just make
drinking Jack references you used to
sweat a lot I saw an episode where
you're a news anchor and you were
sweating a lot I feel like we should be
passing came to my wife no longer be a
man have you ever looked up to someone
and ended up at their wedding I wasn't
it Oprah's wedding remember our
excitedly row and josh is coming over
for the first time you are - yeah how
did you look up to as a kid what did you
watch in your head spaceship
imagine being with the bunny Looney
dudes everybody host lavake elizabethan
big body really - a big party for me we
just met this kid named Jack he watches
the vlog faithfully and his dad is a
criminal defense attorney so we're going
to have Jason go up to his house and
talk to his dad and tell him that he
caught Jack smoking weed on his property
is that bad did he do your son here was
outside it from my house with a couple
of his friends smoking right
and I didn't want to bust them I didn't
want to bring them over here but no
anything else
we also scraping in microprogram what
wait what we whispers of two boys who we
would like they tell me their names now
don't make a brand don't make them right
foot that will fix whatever was damage
to your house I hope so sir because it's
a it's a big dick on my front door are
you kidding
stuff falls on it there are you kidding
me the big penis big balls the hair on
the balls coming out of it I'll tell you
that will drive the penis that you put
on my front door where my young daughter
who's in a wheelchair at all God well we
have a decisional child in our family
well maybe that's why it's acting out I
don't know they had all kind of stuff
they had Bates there's are enough are
you kidding me homie all kinds of names
like pussy and are you kidding me are
you kidding the level of fan support and
I'll definitely take care of all your
cool damages and everything I give you
my cards they're to be different your
thumbs anyone yeah god I wanted him to
at least be able to talk to him eye to
eye yeah I mean but at the same time I
wanted a fucking kill sorry lucky I just
went from zero to hero because saying if
you take this shot you gonna grow I'm
fine I just know I'm going to throw up I
go
no way no way you're lying
your body you're lying you're lying I
know you're lying I don't like that what
was the point taken if you're just
throwing a backup if it's log haha yes I
can hook up with my friend hmos emotion
oh my god why did you do that
look if just your entire jaw goes I want
to be Leonardo DiCaprio for Halloween I
see a billboard I see that billboard I
want to climb it if you are kind of
there for you could you get climbing a
flight of stairs right now you can't
climb available I'm gonna fucking miss
what about traffic hold on you can't
come on hey how on earth did you hit on
your ugly worthy hits on the Billboard
are you kidding me how the fuck did you
get up there holy nice mooning or
Nigeria boxing stalking Tegan makes you
like a subscribe tweet me at david
dobrik guys I have some big news for
everybody
Todd go ahead and show him baby I got
too much baby I got numerous but Todd's
gonna pretend tisha not only did I get
new merch but three of you that buy this
in the next 72 hours are going to be
surprised by me and another person from
the vlog coming to your house and hand
delivering the merch to you and who
knows maybe you'll see me too
hopefully not because the beard is
horrified
are you got girls right away or my
instantly as I get it down I know how my
body works for those of you who are so
confused by this contest make sure you
read all of this
