yeah I didn't realize today was show up
late to David's house day I can't yell
at me with that haircut
with the lack of Erica Oh what the fuck
is that a gardener I don't what are you
feeling you look the worst ever awful
bad leave an episode in my hair I'm not
one to talk oh I'm trying to prove here
oh you're pulling that rich guys shit
what are you breathe the supreme fucking
we'll have it work that I'm Rich's fuck
I don't care how I am sir put it up no
that's not good at all I think a lot of
people don't have hair like this anymore
and I think it's kind of cool people
don't have smallpox anymore but it's for
good reason you guys watch one of my
previous vlog to try to sneak in the
movie theater and didn't work well we're
back and we're going to try to do it
again--that's ah here goes nothing
yeah yeah was just nothing like you
times vision and their work we're trying
to bump out if we wanted to be kicked
off yeah like a gazelle right now clear
okay sorry a couple days ago we put
chi-chi's merch up for sale and we told
you that the proceeds will go to cheeky
christmas here he's from fan joy Chris
go ahead and tell us how much she keep
getting okay followers a grand total old
exact and grand
oh my can I reach it on Mary's GQ I
don't even know very yeah it was like I
have something to show you if you want
to sit on the back it just seems like a
bad setup for something we made these
shirts with you right and people really
enjoyed the shirts they really liked
them which anything like a barometer
Landis don't forget my pony yeah
people liked it so much we wanted to get
you a gift yeah well I'm gonna need you
to close your eyes and you open your
eyes what's in your hand is yours okay
just from everyone that watches the
videos we all got you a little guy here
we go chief Maya cheek open your eyes oh
it's $10,000 undies on it it's for you
but I was hmm it's real money it's yours
to give me so that is it okay so yeah
you've been helping us a lot it is
asleep I say it doesn't much you like it
thank you do you want to keep it Oh Jake
is from all of us it's from everybody
watches the video that's an ounce David
yes but one looks giving em a detailed
everybody that watches the video looks
so sweet you do which is what I mean -
okay to me
is gonna spit the ntfs obeys like an
Oscar speech people out there we're
going to come back to work or going to
work here the MSM you know saw her first
leading with hundred hahaha I think
you're going to spend the money on me so
much good morning Lauren yes k just a
little kid overthinking this this yes
getting your boobies up does she love
all you guys but she has a really
special guy that's the rat let's give
the money back to did dr. exhausting
fussing Tory makes you like it subscribe
tweet me at david dobrik guys josh has
officially started his own YouTube
channel I'm gonna be linked in the
description below so go check it out
because it's going to be great but in
return for me link in the description
below josh has agreed to tell me one big
secret about drinking job alright yeah
what do you want to know why didn't you
invite Jake to your wedding
hahaha
all right
Alex lets us stay here because you have
to watch this bunny while he's in
Minnesota let me show you what that's
just turn the house in terror you want
to ask me
oh yeah Popeye
