hi sorry are you having a break right
now they interrupting your day off I go
back to Sun Tanning okay now we're
talking about ideas that we can do for
the vlog just can go I thought we'd do a
bit where I dress up as an old guy and I
walk around I interact with people I'm
like you mean the bit called David
sloshed yes I think it's like Todd
coming up to me would be like hey you
should get like the most gorgeous person
dresses up as an old guy ended up
looking younger
thanks flag haven't seen as many options
on some spots relationship what are you
going to name your kid ain't about you
Todd what are you gonna name your kids
stuff to think of 29 times I was hooking
up in with that painting on the wall
here to stare you know that's what
coming over to my place which was bad in
my last vlog and fast text me after 40
minutes of being late he's like yo man I
got to remind you my dad's black so
we're running late yeah you know about
right for sure what do you tease other
people tight I don't judge that mean how
do color people arrive later at places
like wise every time I come on your
house baby I get stopped by the cops
last thing I pulled over for black on a
Friday do you ever get pulled over for
being just being black well I got pulled
over coming over here yeah and what do
they say when they pull you over here
the jail yeah yeah I mean you get pulled
over more cuz you're black oh yeah
exhibit Elliot do it how you doesn't
know I know where David when you're
walking to tell you like oh gosh
surprise my siblings are saying they
have a surprise for me and I'm pretty
sure it's just silly string so I made
sure that I got a surprise for them to
thank you good
don't get dinner with my family in
Boston and went up dinner with my dad
and he made the worst joke of all time
you need Jim's chowder that's one of the
things on the menu a seafood restaurant
everyone orders my dad goes last and he
goes I'll have a couple of John's
childhood my cat in the way just goes
mean Jim's chowder she goes no okay the
chowder I think no I'd like to have
Jim's brother John all right and he goes
you don't get the joke what's up guys so
about two weeks ago Todd had a video
where he said he was going to give up
drinking and recently we went to Chicago
and I had a really really good job
so I decided would be a fun idea to mesh
those two videos together and show you
guys how much fun Todd had in Chicago
okay let's get this going we talked
about drinking a lot if you want to cut
down on my drinking yeah my mom come on
come on let's go come on this week's a
Thursday I try to stop three times what
a guy did you lie to me I will fucking
wife I'm gonna try to continue not the
transferor maybe want to because I
drowned no I'm not gonna for denial you
know put the drink down fry see how it
goes
I have general influence of French ah
what was dad to do karate over 21
James responded came to town with my
fucking Tom baby
Jesus Thailand by God because it was a
brand you're having fun you're feeling
by hot is daring Brandon's basically to
make out yes LLL fulfill the power I
pretend like making out great it isn't
great I've done oh sorry boxing talking
can make she like to subscribe to eat me
at david dobrik guys there's only one
day left to buy the cheeky merch to help
her out and it doesn't matter if I'm
staying right in front of her because
she just doesn't speak English this is
that right to yet
Tom's brother is meeting my brother and
it's really bad Bob's brother is trying
to snatch the food out of my brother's
hands exactly like real life
