quit texting my cheeks already good
Scout you're better you're going to be
in the vlog yeah tell me more about your
relationship where did you guys first
meet Coachella we've already done this
people who I want to know more could
have changed he didn't change we still
met in the same spot Kristen when you
first met Scott what attracted you a
friend Todd what's the most embarrassing
story about Todd I'm not tough I just
want to talk about Todd Thomas blog I'd
get in here and lay next to Kristen I
don't like Scott in his role a cop did
you think Kristen be much better content
I don't worry I'm going to ask you two
questions to worry now's not a good time
come back come back one how do you get
in here so quickly what do you put it to
get in here so quick are you constantly
haha how was high school huh it was
fuckin shitty man why it's how about
racism my school was actually kind of
races I feel I feel so empowered now
that I can say the millions of people
you know just doing right over here it's
not where I go to school
oh it's got he'll go high I'll go high
you bleep that out why because fuck oh
girl
when you're going back to Carlos fuckin
never never never let me tell you so
right now see you guys dropped out
village dropped out credit cops dropped
out all three monumental legend I mean
you're like first my courier you want to
go cobbler yeah you think critter was
super javi what happened I got in are
probably if I didn't know that
courageously brown like I probably
would've done it like in the beginning
when I heard micronized it never is
asleep Corona you told me you had sex
like 15 guys in high school what did UFC
touch that just like it's a kiss late
but you're gonna change the fact that
you fuck your teacher though honestly I
don't be real I kind of just Ukraine
anymore like a friend now but back then
I did wanna hook up with Chris you'll
want to be asking well brother so some
of the best DJs in the world guys have
been asking me this for a really long
time but I finally got it it's Shakey's
merch baby oh really good hahaha
so good oh my god I haven't been
blacking and why in Spanish and English
you sure you had two Spanish right oh my
thing what if it just says I hate white
people
okay the Spanish is right make sure the
English is right - yes we can do it -
this way yeah you want him right yeah I
know what cheeky doesn't know about
these shirt since I told everyone around
us and all her family members that the
profit that this shirt generates in one
week is going straight into chi-chi's
pot one week from today depending on how
many shirts you guys buy I'm going to
surprise her with that amount in
cash on Wednesday thankfully cheeky
doesn't speak English and she definitely
doesn't watch my video so it's going to
be a lot of fun it's time to go
surprising nosotros tenemos una product
e so press are you nervous yeah okay
cheeky this is a surprise that we got
for you use fibers to clean the windows
live in America dreamy now thank you
baby thank you talking talking Donna I'm
actually like subscribe tweet me at
David they're over ganging up to have
you have your housekeeper come preschool
for me okay good are you actually know
the sarcasm sarcasm not star cast
