why are you making that face say your
idea face yeah I've seen on the internet
people getting pictures of their pets
with Santa at first I was like we should
have our hamster ad take a picture with
Santa and then I was like that's a great
waiting it just kicked right out of the
wall and asked to please never come back
so that I was like what if we take one
of our dogs to get a picture with Santa
which dog do we pick let's see doesn't
act right in public is way too wild and
then there's me I've already prepaid lot
tickets to go get a picture taken with
Santa sounds like some prince or
whatever but I don't know like if
they're gonna let us have it just be
with the dog or maybe if we're to be in
it I don't know we'll see what they say
I'm like really hoping that they let us
do this because Kermit is a wonderful
dog and because he's been a middle child
all year he deserves to get a picture
with Santa wouldn't you say so Julia
he's just been me no he didn't he just
picked me can you be a really good boy
even though I don't think that they
allow dogs in this mall but like if they
do as he talks and them all all the time
yeah that's the thing it's like Southern
California it says no dogs here and then
you see like 70 people with their dogs
so with the try Carmen the bride Santa
I'm down some cash well some are
wildfires here in Southern California so
we are going to be wearing these masks
as we go out I'm actually dead serious
it's actually like really really bad
almost everyone that's out we don't have
to evacuate here we're so far enough
away from the fires but the air quality
is absolute trash
we're gonna meet Santa you wanna meet
Santa you don't get to your meet sinner
no good to you haven't been able to play
outside all day air quality's bad take
me to see Santa please
kermin you need to stop for anything
anyway where is this boy even
appointment with Santa well Kermit the
other letter
all right we have tickets oh cool this
is Kermit he wants to meet sooner really
bad
my job is here
yes your man hear me
oh boy could be you wanna go did you did
you ask it what you running from Chris
what did you ask for it was gay I am
excited about thanks very Christmas
thank you
oh my god he looks so handsome
it was like so easy and painless
the view Kermit care we took you the
Volga
hey buddy Sena these pictures I don't
know if you can tell but like me it's
Santa like we got real close to you I
think it's a very intimate picture wisp
antenna san is pulling the moves dude
did I just get cooked by Santa or never
use the word fucking sanam
sant√© cooked me not click mate
I'm just so glad that they let us do
we do yeah you just scared us at that
ball I think you were just thrown of all
of us no nice dude looks good
you wanna stay out of the vlog I don't
know a couple I'm working on it out do
you make youtube videos yeah yeah what's
your channel
Joey Bloggs disease Joey's vlogs with a
Z nice to meet you Joey vlog
nice to meet you Joey yeah take care
alright so there
I love that bitch
sprinkle really everyone wants me I do
right yeah anyway were you filming
I was you wanna be in the vlog I'll put
you if you want yeah he can you all
mention me I'm gonna mention you in the
walk yeah alright yeah you got it
I'm talking to professional youtuber yes
I don't want to bug our cause of it
alright since he gave us his consent we
put Joey plugs you for Joey Bloggs in
the video guys if you go follow Joey
Bloggs make sure that you very kind and
supportive of him he's just started
okay you don't breathe too much air
either it's funny when you go to the
mall and you meet Santa and you're an
adult and he talks you like he's just
aren't you hot Oh God
so that's why are this fandom like I
like magic and believing to come I get
to break character just because I'm 31
at the mall with my dog also no one
pointed out peace he's stopped that's
why you didn't get to meet Santa whoa
Kermit you want to talk to Grandma
Carmen I texted our picture of Grandma
are you guys jealous yeah teaching you
didn't get to meet Santa cuz you're
naughty this thing is made out of
plastic the best part of snow clubs is
when Christmas is over you smash them on
the ground
no like I just texted it to her like
with no context whatever it is so no he
said that some lady with two giant Great
Danes was in there earlier and was a
fucking dick about it they made it seem
like as soon as we walked in there they
you could tell Santa looked at Kermit
like oh fuck here we go again Kermit was
really good so they didn't mind you
can't after tip toeing my total for this
one picture with Santa and the snow
globe was like almost $80 look look it's
quality it's basically a water bottle
should we hang one up on the tree yes
was that fun yeah what did you ask for
did you ask for your sister to go away
she annoys me really good boy yeah yeah
healthy you enjoyed Kermit meeting Santa
we really are sort of limited and the
things that we can do today the entire
405 is basically shut down we're
surrounded by wild fires all around Los
Angeles and in Los Angeles I'm hoping
that everyone stays safe the air quality
is terrible
sucks to go outside we are limited in
things that we can do today but I hope
that you enjoyed this video of mice
theorem it finally getting to meet Santa
huh maybe someday if the other two
learned to behave for an act right they
can meet say I feel like when Mark was
just like 15 he could meet since you're
never gonna meet sin but yeah that's it
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out every Wednesday / Thursday I
spent $80 on the fish stop stepping on
my laptop all right I'll see you guys
next week bye
