gourmet gonna hear a whole video water
the blood my friends thank you for
letting me make my fuck show shit last
week it was really fun and I'm also
sorry but I'm not that sorry anyway so
this week I wanted to talk about
something that I'm really bad at which
is lying and I think a lot of you
already knew that but it doesn't change
the fact that I wish that I could lie
about a lot of things I think it would
just make a lot of my life easier if I
could just tell a lie most of it just
stems from being terrified of Authority
I'm scared of getting in trouble so
without further ado here are some things
that I wish that I could lie about so
that if ever my answer changes you know
I'm lying first thing that I wish that I
could lie about is my phone number
whenever someone asked me for my phone
number I always give out my real phone
number I can never lie and give them a
fake number I've seen a million girls
pull the trick where they like yeah sure
about 4 1 5 and then itself your number
at all I can never do that I always give
up exactly my real number all the time
and it's created a lot of problems for
me I've told people in the past I can't
give you my phone number because that's
my way around being like well if I gave
you a phone number it would definitely
be my real phone number I wish that I
could live on my phone number every once
in a while you know past Jenna it would
have been really nice those like few
times you could have just thrown in a
different digit at the end I'm terrified
of that scenario when they type it in
their phone right there and then they're
like all right I'm gonna call you right
now you're holding your phone you're
like ah it's not cup it's not coming
through for some reason I'm terrified of
having that confrontation so I always
just give out my real phone number and I
wish that I didn't do that because it's
terrible the next thing I wish I could
lie about happens when you like break
something and someone asks you how you
broke it I can never seem to lie about
that for example I've broken a phone in
the past where you drop it in some water
you know you break something in a way
that's not covered for them to fix it or
give you a new one like when I dropped
my phone in some water and I bring it in
to the Apple store they go did this get
wet Julian's will give me like yeah I
got a really wet it's soaking wet just
fully submerged in water uh it's wet and
they go well sorry miss it's not covered
so you're just gonna have to buy a new
phone I can I just say that it didn't
get wet why did I have to
got wet I don't know I just wished I
could like that I feel too bad I have to
tell the truth why say it just ran over
with my car by accident why didn't I say
I just got struck by lightning I've seen
plenty of other people get away with
lying about how something broke and then
it completely benefits them too honest
could've saved myself a lot of money
just like a couple lives the next thing
that I wish I could lie about is what
actually started this entire video back
where I'm from a service dog is like a
seeing-eye dog or something like that it
helps maybe a disabled person but here
in California apparently you can just
apply online and make your dog a service
dog and then take your dog literally
anywhere it's not uncommon for a lot of
people to have their dogs everywhere all
the time and they're all service animals
or therapy dogs I've had so many friends
and people tell me oh you should just go
online and register your dogs and
service dogs so that then you can take
them everywhere because you can't take
them in some places and there's a plenty
time so I've accidentally brought one of
them into a place that is not dog
friendly and someone is like is that a
service animal and I'll say no no go get
the fuck out with your dog he can't be
in here I'm like damn it should've just
said he was a service animal because
then they don't even ask for your
paperwork apparently they just say ok
how could she keep going I wish I could
lie and say that they were therapy dogs
but I just can't do it because it's just
it makes me feel too bad man to people
that actually have therapy dogs or
service dogs I feel like the biggest
jackass even though I know everyone
around me is cheating that system and
just registering their dogs as therapy
dogs I just can't do it I wish that I
could and I also think it would be awful
for me to lie about because sometimes
when we're out in the world and Kermit
gets a little bored he'll just start
crying for no reason he look
cuz he just wants to be doing something
so I imagined in my head even if I
registered them as therapy dogs and I
was taking them into places where
they're not supposed to be unless
they're therapy dogs what would you
think if you saw a person's therapy dog
crying oh I'm sorry miss is that a
therapy dog yes he is okay why is he
crying it helps relieve my stress when
he's around I'm not afraid to be
emotional anymore cuz I'm like reminded
that it's okay to cry
you know like bullshit bull-fucking-shit
none of you have ever been to California
before there's people with their service
dogs the therapy dogs walking all over
the place and their dogs are not therapy
dogs and you can tell I saw a dog pee in
an airport just on the ground because
the therapy dog doesn't need to be in
that like little crate or whatever they
just get to run all over the airport and
that that dog just squatted and piss in
the middle of the floor and I made eye
contact with everybody sitting around me
like did anybody else just see that dog
just pee and the owner just walked over
and picked her up and then went and sat
down therapy dog my ass but I wish I
could lie about it I think it'd be
pretty fun sometimes another thing that
I wish I could lie about that has to do
with the dogs is when I'm at the vet and
the vet asks me oh do you feed them any
people food well yeah I mean sometimes
we just feed them like deli me like some
chicken like turkey I know for a fact
that by saying yes to that question I'm
just gonna get a lecture for the next 10
minutes about why I shouldn't feed my
dog people food I know that marbles is
almost eight years old I know this drill
just say no just say you don't ever feed
them anything that a human could
possibly consume to just avoid this
entire conversation I can't lie I don't
need to hear the lecture I know the
lecture just reminds me of this special
that I watched one time with a lady with
two monkeys and no other family and she
just kept feeding the monkey spaghetti
and the vet was like lady you got to
stop feeding your monkey spaghetti and
then it cuts to the monkeys just like
screaming and pounding on their table
and she's like I don't know how to say
no to them they just watched the Getty
for dinner they eat whatever I'm eating
and he's like you're giving him diabetes
and she's like I feel so bad and then it
cuts to the monkeys just eating
spaghetti the marinara sauce and
throwing it at the
if it looks like absolute hell so no I
did not create that scenario missus vet
lady but yeah sometimes feeding some
people food okay could be worse the next
thing that I wish that I could lie about
is when somebody says that they like
something I wish that I could just lie
and sort of agree with them and make
everything nice instead of just
violently arguing and disagreeing with
them
for example if someone's like man
eggplant is just my favorite vegetable
and instead of just me saying like oh
that's nice like I like cucumbers
I just am like eggplant in the fuck is
wrong with oh my god no I wish that I
could just say like oh yeah I plant a
bomb dude bomb it's something that I
know that I need to work on maybe I
don't need to lie but I don't need to
violently argue with someone when they
say they don't like something I honestly
just wish that I could lie and say that
I smoked a ton of weed so people
wouldn't stop asking me to explain
myself and then just look weed you want
some weed no I appreciate the offer just
know I don't I don't smoke well why you
don't smoke like why not I wish I could
just be like I'm like so high before I
came here and then I got high again in
the bathroom so I'm good I can never
ever ever lie to a police officer or a
cop ever never have been able to never
will I just can't do it one time I got
pulled over for speeding wasn't speeding
that much but I was definitely speeding
I totally could have just said oh you
know I'm I'm just on my way to school
like super sorry my bad oh my mom's mad
my curfew was five minutes ago money and
trouble what do I do I sit there both my
hands on the wheel of my license and
registration ma'am why are you speeding
I'm really sorry I was listening to our
Kelly's world's greatest and it was just
getting me so hyped up that I just I
went so fast I didn't realize how fast I
was going he gave me a $300 speeding
ticket why couldn't I have said anything
else no I had to tell the whole truth
and nothing but the truth so help my
fuckin consequences for doing so that
started the do not playlist in the car I
can no longer listen to that song when
I'm in the car because I will get in
trouble if I listen to it it just gets
me so fucking hyped up can't even drive
the speed limit when I hear it treasure
by Bruno Mars
that list can't listen to it in the car
don't stop believin by journeys on that
list you're singing with your eyes
closed which is not good for driving at
all so instead of having to lie I just
created a do not playlist and the last
thing that I wish I could lie about is
thinking that this isn't a good look I
think this is a good look I think that
we should make this a thing I can't even
lie I think this is cool it's like a
beard for girl shut up it's a girl beard
I really like it here I come here I come
here's my therapy dog correct and that's
not to ever demean the people that
actually have therapy or service dogs
and those are real purposes I admire you
respect to you and love you but some of
you guys are fucking lying alright make
sure you subscribe to my channel I put
out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday and let me know some things
that you wish that you could lie about
because I can't be the only person
that's over here telling all the truths
that there are alright see you guys next
week bye what to take last off
