hi friends this week honestly I am
having one of those days where I just
don't have anything to say when in doubt
just have fun and make yourself laugh by
right this was also super requested on
my Facebook ever since I did the touch
my body challenge with Julian people
have been requesting the what's in my
mouth challenge was called touch my body
oh ok don't do that weird square smile
no poop oh yeah no we're not gonna be
insane we can't go off limits like that
this isn't prank vs. prank he's going
for it
alright alright are you laughing already
thought laughing no I swear to God what
is it too much
hey sounds like fire yeah it's a used
bench it's used
what is this horrifying open your mouth
is it clicking is it flash yes that is
so hot you're super flashlight yeah I
forgot I was on the high power setting
so it was getting hot it like burnt up
your chicken you can't touch it put it
in your mouth taste chewed did you chew
this what is this is if something is it
a peach toy is it a 5 out of energy
yeah that's peach chew her favorite toy
he loves us so we're all right Julie put
it in my mouth
God fuck my song it's like hard and
furry
I don't like it it's a sweatshirt I know
it's not don't eat it
that's a sweatshirt it's not so much
your tie other things have ties this you
ties yes oh this a shoe yeah is it my
boot yeah you put my boot in my mouth
are you fucking insane
good guess Julian I walk around in those
like on the ground
that's nest such as the ground Bob what
do you think it was there for huh style
you don't use it to watch this book you
walk out this portion this part never
touches the ground that's why I thought
I was clean enough to put your mouth
Oh Open Sesame oh my god what the hell's
wrong yeah Choki can you not shove it in
my mouth I was mad sorry
agree ah it's like a dog to treat oh
that literally tastes like when their
breath is the worst that's what it
tastes like
Nick you disgust me
gaze like a Rubik's Cube what the fuck
do we have a Rubik's Cube either fuck it
how did you know that because it's like
hardened square and there's other
squares about it we have a Rubik's key
no this is not gonna turn into you
solving the Rubik's Cube oh yeah yeah I
have an appointment next year to be God
makes an appointment years in advance I
do know like a pedicure like can I come
like next February hey it already is you
just really tapped me on the other
shoulder my inhaler
email this is my inhaler you asshole you
can't lie if I guess it right no don't
cock it did you cock it did you do that
yeah
you wasted you wasted it you even
inhaler ever cover your eyes
stomp stomp did you say stop scar open
up uh but ah it's your job Yui yeah yeah
it's used it was on the floor another
room there's pee on it boy just roast me
while you're applying boy
wait don't roast yourself already you
gotta open your mouth for this one it's
a liquid okay what you're gonna pour it
into my mouth
Oh business you sign is frosty you have
any idea the mental preparation you need
to have before you take one of those oh
my god I was like pure cayenne and
echinacea for those who have never done
that I was like all over my tongue and
my gums fuck that
and I heard it and as soon as it hit my
tongue I knew I was fucked I just got
blasted think you just got sinus tool
and you put my heel in my map just lick
it lick it I just open your mouth yeah
move it out so I can get to your mouth
open up we're playing a game that's
Benjamin yeah ah it doesn't taste like
it's still okay no this thing's good for
like 20 years okay the wrong oh these
things are oh you see
but we compared it is it our dog's
collar necklace yeah I am a parrot let's
go why did it stab me oh my god oh my
god that's like said Donnelly in my
mouth tastes like Christmas tree girl
like that is so pungent yeah I have
Benjamite and pine tree in my mouth
sounds like a nice symphony of scent oh
my god what the fuck is that it's wet
that's gross isn't it vegetable so much
less harm baby open up all the way you
have to open up seriously
it's like a work you know open you
swallow the green pea I don't know open
up higher please you have to over the
lyre open up all the way I didn't get it
please me to guess the paint yes hey hey
tip your head back a little
ah she's due for hot sauce hot sauce
that's good
you nasty mmm uh-huh that's like perfume
it's not perfume and I don't know why it
smells good but it does yeah you say
that's sick but what are you Toni O's
with those yeah put it in your mouth put
any more right now no you know I won you
put yeast on I'm out those fuck up at
least I won Wow
all right see you guys next week make
sure you subscribe to my channel I put
out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday Julian there's also a vlog
channel twitch channel podcast channel
radio show on Sirius XM it's one every
Friday
there's last place you can find me I had
fun and you guys requested it so I hope
that you liked it come my mouth tastes
disgusting and nasty so it's just like
when we started she didn't like this
video just go fucking ham on that thumbs
down please don't no hurt my feeling
good
