ha Brad I've done a video like this in
the past where I had my dogs try
different dog treats and I also ate them
with them I'm not gonna do that ever
again someone suggested on my Facebook
this week that I have them try fruits
and vegetables which seems like a great
idea because why not don't worry I'm not
going to feed them anything that's
dangerous for them dogs can eat all
these things they may just not like them
very much you guys want to try some
fruits vegetables German Swedish
Japanese Americans try dog candy peachy
okay it's what are you doing you can't
you're a date started some peppers I'm
not gonna lie I bought some of these
pre-cut because I didn't feel like
cutting them up vegetables there you go
red pepper dogs try red peppers you guys
are supposed to eat fruits and
vegetables remember when you were in the
wild and your wolves and you couldn't
always catch a whole chicken and cook it
for yourself
well peach eat it good try baby yeah
you're very open I like your style I
debated calling this whole video will
peach eat it because she will eat
anything including your shoes and your
underwear sick levels giving it a shiver
slash bury it karma gives it a yawn
peach gives it fun texture let's go
straight into some Brussels sprout ha
rubble you want Brussels sprout just
give you a little leaf see if you eat
that he go perm will eat eat it good
girl he go
karma gave it a yawn marble gave it a
shiver he's just staring at me
peach gives it I'd rather chew my leg
how about some fun Oh Roo the love my
ticket is fun ticket meaning me she's
eating it Kermit gives an 8 don't let it
touch me or I'll kill it
miles is giving it a nap yeah are you
eating in his butt let's try some tomato
okay
Kermit do you care did you believe your
salad how about some apple marks
giving peaches old tomato herbarium
really not fans of Apple cauliflower
here you go my ball made Christmas well
mmm I will take that I miss kissing it a
I will eat it if you hold it for me
good boy bud yeah like cauliflower this
ain't bad not too bad I'm not really
sure what he's doing it doesn't look
like he's eating it
looks a lot like he's chewing it and
spitting it Fiji you want me to hold
your so you can do it she's doing the
same thing she's shooting it apart
spitting it good mommy gonna feed me
vegetables here's the mess it's not a
toy it is it's a cauliflower toy lettuce
all right I will join the team my wall
marble scoff oh my god
no lettuce huh had it here have some
more cauliflower yeah you're making a
mess on your face lemon you just don't
like it
is it sour why would you like it you
don't like it well you're getting an app
for everything today all right I got a
mixture of red beets butternut squash
and yams I know that you guys like yams
Kurt it's very excited with this you
want this want this you guys don't want
it why don't you just say so you don't
have to be rude about it
ungrateful you guys could never chopped
up a sweet potato yourself
and you know it so far so good Oh looks
like you guys are really getting all of
your nutrients in let's try a bean
sprout because why not peach will eat it
up a Kermit Kermit where's he going
hey bud peach he's just kidding it ain't
no good it's me well Pete is your rabbit
peachy you get most open-minded after
this we're going to play we'll kermis
wear it so laughs wear it watermelon
eMobile welcome Rumple like snorts and
looks at it every time yeah there you go
bud
good buddy big buddy do you like it
Oh ker we found one that you like mmm
it's like pinning it to the floor
do you think grow please mommy can get
it boy mmm Oh current Oh God
she eats like such a lady like she's
making such a mess because like on his
chest it's a bad that I could watch
Kermit eat watermelon like all day would
you like the watermelon buck yeah here
you go be some cabbage Wow good stuff so
no one the cabbage oh you're gonna cry
you want mom come on I know you're
sensitive guy and you just want
watermelon huh for those of you that are
concerned about Kermit's well-being
don't worry he'll just cry if you don't
say good morning to him got you some
jicama it's fun huh me UI hey come up
Big Momma really handsome every time
permit
okay Oh everybody how about a berry okay
you choose no Kermit if you were in the
wild you would have to eat this to
survive or else you would fucking die
rubble wait what yeah take the blueberry
thank you for joining us it's so nice to
see you
you know I don't know what's going on
with you it's like you you're in this
for watermelon and you got it and now
you're just tapping out that's not how
this works you have to try foods don't
you watch the videos where people try
candy and stuff what's your deal you
have to try you're not even trying your
sister's trying all right why don't we
try something a little more familiar to
you guys it's grass it's wheatgrass yeah
you want to smell it
you want pee in it because the internet
likes doing this here's a cucumber what
was just kinda terrified all right
here's an eggplant Oh Oh my bowl which
one's worse like both I'm jumping on
marble they're vegetables who hurt you
Kermit looks like a human baby I can
conclusively say that the only one of
these dogs that could have ever survived
in the wild is peach because Alicia is
curious as to what food is permit and
marbles just you wouldn't last a day
unless you found a person to befriend
you don't have enough teeth to even kill
anything
so I mean you didn't have me here Oh
fucked they were ungrateful I feel like
they should you know at least give me a
kiss
marble would file this under a traumatic
experience
Kermit files it under stressful and
peaches just here for a good time
yeah make sure you subscribe to my
channel put out new videos every
Wednesday slash Thursday I'll see you
guys next week if you have a big dog I
bet they'll eat lots of things like a
grateful dog know what you guys can
clean it up got cleaned up yourselves
then take out the garbage maybe empty
the dishwasher once in a while just
saying you're just sittin on a
strawberry well it's sad
dogs are not scared by to come feet
what's this
she's like us akiko-san ma'am
