why did you guys shoot this on your
phone yeah we are shooting on the phone
this week I really wanted to do
something fun for the sake of being fun
and funny and laughing PewDiePie
actually just uploaded this in this
channel today there's an app called face
swap live that's been going around
that's been cracking me the fuck up just
switches your face or put somebody
else's face on your face just lots of
faces so I wanted to make like a
challenge tag guess what everyone's tag
tag you're it I touched you tag I like
to do everything with you because you
have a magical lab your lab makes me
laugh
alright let's face whap okay uh-huh
really quick I just want to oh yeah you
look horrifying he was human fuck but
you know here's I hear if you kiss
someone you trade faces with them what
what are you thinking about Oh what the
huh you're horrified Jack he's on Faison
you look so hot like if that was a
person I would make it my wife I'll meet
you at bridge tonight oh my god my
favorite color is eggs oh my god oh my
god did it did it did it did it did it
my name is mr. Marvel's what happened
here I the too late now to say sorry
daddy I'm just chilling Cedar Rapids
ha ha ha ha ha what up peeps welcome
back to another child video what up
peeps well the years are coming and they
don't sound good and it knows I've got
in it you would like French Montana why
are you laughing I'm doing snapchat you
smart you boy oh my god here's five
dollars go buy your whole family house I
change what time is it
major Keeler go buy your mom a house go
buy your mom a house go buy your whole
family houses go blow some money for the
fuck of it talking about the jury the
jury is another one another one
Oh God not another Family Guy hey guys
it's me Goro
welcome back to my channel
is how I imagine pregnancy works hi me
Wayne get born here's of you guys me
Shane today we're gonna try some poison
hands of you guys me Shane oh my god
haha this is terrified hey what's up you
guys since I get a comment like every
single vlog I make that I sound like
Jonah Hill I'm just Johnny I was into
red papa bless and now finally a ledger
you let a stripper trap you people say
it look like my mom so mom this one's
for you
hi I'm the Debbie Machine don't we look
like I'm just all well Debbie in a big
world surprise Satan just do it just do
it
somebody needs to eat the words are you
smiling yeah I'm smiling
don't stop touching me dad come here dad
no can I have a dollar I know I need to
go to the soda machine finally open yeah
dad they're open my god dad
I can't see Molly what dance
I want Drake to murder my vagina did I
stutter Amanda yeah what are you doing
in my house oh my god that's terrifying
get out oh my god Ryan you guys lost
lamb hey guys alright oh my god hey can
you smell well if you could you would
smell what The Rock is cooking ie
pancakes a lot come to my concert bitch
better have my money I love my family
oh my ha ha where do you keep end
chicken someone kill me this is me
making my dreams come true aliens thanks
Obama
where's Michelle I can't find Michelle
to me sir appealing it's just wondering
if you wanted to go outside in the yard
and shoot some of the moose I was a
common browse my name is Pierre huh
it's not a tumor look at my pecs hello
everyone my name is Tyler Oakley so
today I'm just gonna talk about my new
glasses
I got him Custom Fit I have a podcast
called psychobabble I should listen to
it I've done a lot of work for The
Trevor Project hello I'm Rob just
kidding it's me don't do it to me like
we're your eyes God don't asking for
channel region what's coming out of your
nose
hey dingleberry oh my god where's
Colleen Julia oh my god this is me as me
okay
I'm Jen I'm Jenna hey I'm a cool guy
I hear people like me a lot yeah I am
jiff pong boy toy boom boom boom boom
boom super bass why are you scissors
don't on Nicki Minaj huh don't you too
papa are you a female pilot yes Amelia
Earhart no look just kidding I yeah
you nasty I had fun did you yeah make
sure you subscribe to my channel I put
out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday and thanks Julian for doing
that with me that's really fun and
everyone that's made this PE pie made it
filled Franco made one but fucking
pretty genius yeah if you haven't done
it do it fucking makes me laugh cuz I
want to see exams selfish and like
laughter mm-hmm
to Shane again hey guys okay oh no no
I'm so good
hazel you guys the one with the face it
was like literally horrifying like I'm
liquid I'll see you guys next week bye
