hey this week's video is pretty stupid
not as stupid as last week who did that
I don't know that mean and it's also
filled with really terrible jokes so if
you're not into that then you've been
warned
okay hello dad's of America thank you
for staying I was playing a word game on
my phone recently and it gives you word
comparisons you know like you taking the
SATs like skateboard is to a boy as an
Apple is to a blank and I kept getting
them wrong
and I thought I was pretty good then
like I did all right on the SATs so I
made this video to prove to myself that
I am okay at work comparisons and that
that game can suck it so without further
ado here is why this is like that models
are like blankets get off me you're too
hot private golf courses are like crepes
there's easier ways to do this but fuck
it you're rich and itunes giftcard is
like your dad's opinion they're both
worth ten dollars and I don't need
either of them zebras are like those
electric scooters and grocery stores for
disabled people why can't I ride you
success is like a public bathroom you
need a key to get in and that key is
made of Dove soap another one food plate
out yes
spinach is like toilet paper it's
something you regularly buy but never
actually get to eat the Sun is like a
penis hole they're both there every day
but you never look directly at them
tattoos are like horseshoes do we need
them no but fuck it nail it into your
body theme parks are like playing video
games with your mom it's better without
your mom protein shakes are like
milkshakes oh wait they're not okay car
way better politicians are like the DMV
owned by the government and a mess
inside British people are like
audiobooks pleasant to listen to but I'm
not gonna go brag to my friend that I
did one so uncalled for
sorry Facebook videos are like walking
into someone else's office and stealing
your paycheck dental dams are like phone
books you know they exist but who
actually uses them dental dams are like
unicorns I've never seen one in person
either dental dams are like actual dams
boo you're blocking all the fun for the
Beavers college football players are
like artists you might be talented but
not enough to get paid for it
artists are like mixtapes nobody wants
your shit your mixtape is like BuzzFeed
here's a list of ten reasons why it's
not fire fight me walking your dog is
like tipping someone when you could take
out food what did they do to deserve it
being really hairy is like having a dog
before you're ready to have one your
only choices are to just rock it or
painfully get rid of it
microphones are like boyfriends you
speak into them and you never get
anything out
people are like pizza - cannibals your
girlfriend is like kale you massage it
dress it up and you're still not even
sure if you like it - a shallow person
people are like birthday cards you're
nice but I only like you if you have
money on the inside my college education
is like lipliner
I have you I don't use you and when I
put you on it looks like I have a dirty
mustache
loudly praising Jesus is like smelling
your hand you do it in public
it's a little weird medical students are
like hookers overworked underpaid and in
close quarters with sick people every
day
Mortal Kombat is like a sad threesome
you get tired just tag your friend in
candles are like felons they'll both
burn your house down felons are like
orca whales they're trapped but they can
still kill you orca whales are like
zebras why can't I ride you CrossFit is
like cross it cross it Crocs are like
couches they're comfortable but I'm not
gonna bring them to the club your period
is like the airport full of delays and
grow the attitudes uncalled for
sorry blowjobs are like being a garbage
man it's a job but I don't really want
to do it going to the movies alone is
like drinking alone I'm alone being
alone is like a dog barking I wish this
would stop a dog barking is like a
sweatshop I know it's wrong and that I
should do something about it but I'm
probably not going to right now small
talk is like someone else's baby I don't
give a fuck hedges are like apples I'm
gonna cut you opening up the front
camera on snapchat is like being asked
at the grocery store to donate to
starving children I didn't expect to be
depressed but now I am lipstick is like
a dress that you like you can always put
it on and wear it but it will always
look better on Beyonce life is like a
neck pillow comfortable for a little
while and then violently uncomfortable
without warning TV remotes are like
absent fathers
they or they need you the word gluteus
maximus is like Calvin Klein sounds
fancy but at the end of the day you're
just talking about your ass delivery is
like your best friend except your best
friend doesn't bring you any food
Andy sucks your best friend is like a
giraffe it's really funny when he falls
down giraffes are like people that drive
monster trucks
somebody's overcompensating liking the
Kardashians is like Fight Club we don't
talk about it dick pics are like museum
exhibits why do you think I want to
touch you so badly
I don't sex is like cardio I'm too tired
for this the mailman coming to your
house on a Sunday is like a blockbuster
movie store hi what are you doing here a
rectum is like riding a unicycle down
the street
you're an asshole dinner at your parents
house is like bad sex I'm not coming
your improv show is like souffle I can't
make it your kids piano recital is like
the apocalypse I am absolutely not gonna
be there life is like yoga you can never
win at it tinder is like a dog collar
you can use it but it's still made for
dogs
your cousin is like Justin Bieber I
watched you grow up and you're kind of
hot now and I feel kind of weird about
it
penises are like paintings sometimes
they're just gonna be crooked babies are
like she had the Lear's if you drop them
they break red carpets are like Buffalo
Bill from Silence of the Lambs we want
to know who you're wearing outlets are
like a pie your grandma just made stop
sticking your finger in there cheating
on your diet is like Shakira hips don't
lie no they do not
and lastly laughing at really bad jokes
is like emptying the dishwasher when no
one asks you to thank you I really
appreciate it
did you laugh even one time did I get
you one time no not at all nothing fine
so there you go that's why this is like
that and if you like this make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out
reviews every Wednesday slash Thursday
and if you hated it I don't fucking
blame you because who the fuck brought
these boos stock go woo I did I'm fired
bye
