hi friends I'm getting drunk today I
don't always get drunk but when I do
it's today one of the top requested
things for me to do is do Pinterest
fails to which I'm like you don't know
if you're gonna fail or not but if you
get drunk you significantly increase
your chances of family so I'm gonna get
drunk and make some Christmas Pinterest
things my gift to you is the gift of me
being drunk and ratchet as fuck okay I
found its internet or so the first thing
that we're gonna make while we're drunk
obviously some food duh clearly I found
this picture on Pinterest of some bitch
making like a fucking swirly ass shit
I'm gonna make it way more Christmassy
because this bitch just fucking hate
Santa I don't know if you know this but
I'm American by real got an ally hand
but well how did it help me by sheriff a
hahnemann whole fucking colorful ass
cuts your ol ass cookie dough I'm gonna
roll it into a tootsie roll cotton candy
sweet low
let me see you suck your own dick this
is gross this turns into a sea creature
there's a cookie is it like giant slabs
of beef we'll see how that comes out
they were to make this bowl I think the
biggest thing is that they're all
touching we can just take this it burns
I'm gonna go ahead say this Pinterest
craft does not work beautiful let's
check on our cookies this is a flash
vomit pool of fucking Christmas where do
you get off my next craft is like grab
some Scrabble pieces I'm going to craft
this and that makes them they cool out
of them I'm gonna be 100% honest with
you I just else it for real
I slept her makeup off I'm gonna put it
back on I saw this thing on Pinterest
where this girl she said let's no cut
out the excess real quick I just say to
make it more professional-looking
beautiful beautiful where's my ribbon I
need ribbon and I will glue it to the
back of it so that you can hang it up
baby the fake snow on top of it
there you go hit it just you know all
right the next Pinterest thing that I
came across had like a inspirational
message on wanna be I wrote something
meaningful on there fuck your cracked
that's a lot of glitter
should I get a pink dress I'm literally
pouring it out because I'm so angry at
your Pinterest posts all right so this
next special ornament looks like
somebody took their hand and they just
wrap their own ornament open here right
I thought it was open you take your
paint I'm going to take it and you put
it on your ornament like that oh my god
so cute already and since all these
pictures have eyes you just like get
them eyes this is the homeland security
of Christmases we get it you're watching
us all right for my next Pinterest craft
I was like so inspired by this message
oh my god first step put your letters
where you want second step get some
spray paint that you feel like they
don't want you to have Dove soap didn't
say joy it says fuck so I wanted to
spread this through the holiday cheer so
I saw this adorable twilit paper roll
dresses a snowman and I was like what a
fucking waste of a toilet paper all JK
I'm gonna do it
I orange need orange don't fuck it up to
carry that he's got buttons he's got a
scarf here you go y'all this is what
Pinter says your toilet paper should
look like that looks like fucking lead
poisoning in your vagina it to me
doesn't look right this is a Murray
alright so I saw a beautiful wreath on
Pinterest and I was like I can do that
but I don't want to get my hot glue gun
cuz I feel like I'm gonna hurt myself I
feel like if we just coat the whole
thing in glue it's gonna work great
alright we're gonna need hot glue I'm
gonna do like a hot glue layer of things
but oh my god
so beautiful make sure that you really
really
oh when you do this we got this girl
that's like my brother is so much better
than me failure gender role God basic um
so I did my best to recreate that
Pinterest wreath I just took some blue
and then some more glue it Merry
Christmas
he's your wreath and for my last
Pinterest recreation I'm going to make
my entire refrigerator into a snowman
which looks like she just took like some
ribbon and put it on the refrigerator
like this and then she took the eyes and
put them on there like this a mouth and
nose and then her refrigerator looked
like this yeah alright thank you so much
for hanging out with me while I'm drunk
for Christmas video for you because last
week I made an angry video this week and
made a drug videos all you guys ever
want to see for me up against a stronger
angry I'm sorry that those are really
good recreations I feel like I nailed it
I did I nailed that I'm sorry I'm not
sorry I nailed it off of me make sure
you subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every Wednesday / Thursday the
next two weeks the videos will be extras
and then obviously you guys in 2016
thank you for watching
Merry Christmas / Hanukkah by ryoga's
Han and I will see you guys later bye
that's a pizza
