hey gas is my friend gaps and we're both
in mad realistic relationships so really
so we wanted to make a song free about
it because why not kind of love
something it's kind of right we're gonna
play it for you
what do great for real love man is not
like the fairy tale at all there's no
Prince Eric let me save you from the sea
which just a cool guy
split my rent fee like you clean up dog
poop everyday really like that you eat
things out of the refrigerator actually
replace them we're gonna get married
someday do you want to wait till
fiscally responsible that's hot
I mean a flowers are a diamond on my
hand Oh cuz when you bring me coffee
babe I know you understand what it way
you two of the dishes after I cook your
favorite meals chick you're not the lice
cuz I'm in there the Tao I know I love
is real oh love is real
oh where love is real slow where love is
real realistic love Oh find about the
dumbest stuff like all that we ever had
kids we took a bit Disney we would carry
them and not push them in strollers so
many strollers it's all like annoying
this is good exercise for everyone I
asked you for a kitten every day you
never say no we only ever say Navy
you're the best we have each other I'm
fine friends not because we don't trust
each other but we just want to know
where we are when we're coming home my
best friend lost boys deciphered dots
are on top of each other I understand
that sometimes you need to microwave
things for science
I appreciate your research and you like
to open things for me because I have
really weak murder so thank you
I don't need a flowers or diamond on my
hand but when you bring me coffee babe I
know you understand when you do the
dishes after I cook your favorite meal
pasta turn out the lights cuz I'm in bed
the towel I know our love is real I
think oh I'm is real realest ho when I
was real
Oh what love is real realistic love oh
here's the list of things that you did
that impressed me play the refrigerator
like you shrugged it you remember that
one pair of leggings I found a nickel
the dryer you air dried them I don't
even do that for me so sweet you got me
a bath bomb for my birthday
awful gift you let me win in Mario Kart
and I'm terrible it took like 20 minutes
it was like really really sweet
you vacuum you plug to my Cuomo sleeping
so I can check sets apart lose Twitter
in the morning sighs with all Pat's
carry everything ever even though I have
arms also can't really sweet again I
want you to change a channel but the
remotes on my side you reach over me get
the remote and change the Jim that's my
life right
you brought us delivery one time will be
reinvent too lazy get up and and I think
my personal favorite was one time you
were sleeping you sneezed yourself awake
true story and it's probably the most
adorable thing in the world
yep I don't need no flowers overtime in
on my tan cuz when you bring me coffee
baby I know you understand why you do
the dishes after I cook your favorite
meal turn out the lights cuz I'm and
then that's how I know what I love is
real so real
Oh
love is real oh my love is real
Oh loves real realistic love oh yeah um
hope you like that will fuckin change
pace because why not
I'm if your watch what Jason we're
filming you're watching this right now
and actually in Japan oh wow here and I
all saved our weary arm I thank you so
much to Gabe's for coming I will link
all of her stuff in my description gab
sings and she's really rad and she's my
friend so thank you for doing that with
me is really all the same right now
you're Janet stunning fun but yeah make
sure you subscribe to my channel I put
out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday hey you know what it is when I
get back next week I'll upload a vlog of
cool stuff they did in Japan hopefully
and thanks this song about me it was all
you have you and half J said hey Dad
Jason Derulo my friend is Jason's Rula
what on the other person the song yeah
oh I mean you guys I'm sorry alright
guys see you next week five friends have
a good week say bye-bye
you
