hey Jenna there's something different
about you yeah I got a irony hairband
I've been in a particular really trolly
mood lately how unlike you Jenna I know
and I've been deeply inspired by a vine
account that likes to read cats on a
scale of 1 to 10 so I took these two
things and put them together and came up
with a way to troll all of you yesterday
on my facebook I asked you to send me
pictures of your pets so that I control
them
disclaimer though I am gonna say some
fucked up things about your pets but
it's all good fun okay I love animals
you know that you know me okay it's for
jokes
God line up a big fans doing new things
on my channel so why not just fucking
throw another thing in there my
repertoire of things that I like to do
troll people's pets
this is irate your pets you put your dog
in the pie face game I'm gonna rate this
prisoner out of 10 he's a happy prisoner
Stockholm Syndrome out of 10 they said I
could be anything so I became a main
course and I'm damn delicious out of 10
ladies are you a shark or a banana split
shark Nana slit shitty costume out of 10
look at that penis vagina alright that
penis vagina still has poop on it out of
10 is this a dog or a furry black dildo
hiding he didn't deal dog out of 10 your
horse's name Harley awesome dead horse
out of 10 I hope your dogs are driving
to the dentist because
gingivitis out of 10 dr. Phelan Stein
huh what is he a gynecologist
you don't wear blush on your eyes idiot
go back to medical school out of 10 you
want to Netflix and chill no out of 10
witness to an actual murder out of 10
look book is that scarf you have room FC
store fake entrepreneur out of 10 are
they feeding each other like Birds cool
vomit games out of 10 does your dog know
that other countries exists that's
racist sexist offensive say you're sorry
out of ten but caving
ah zero out of ten open your fucking
eyes for a picture god nice man bun
sterling last time I checked you're not
supposed to put your eyelashes and your
eyebrows in it trying too hard out of
ten
you forgot your helmet irresponsible out
of ten now let's take a break and rate
some pictures that can only be described
in kittens inspired by kittens form is
that a chicken nugget in a straight
jacket
I need more ketchup out of ten what's
really on the other side of the glory
hole thirsty for dick out of ten he
looks like he's gonna blast off good out
of ten hey everybody look it's laser
Satan laser out of Satan your mom put up
cobwebs in one corner of the house nice
fucking awareness out of 10 grizzly is a
boy could have fooled me where is your
penis out of 10 your face looks like
it's buffering you need a seeing-eye cat
cats make horrible service animals out
of ten first of all I know you bought
that scarf from that other dog's Etsy
store second of all don't act like
you've never seen a penis before out of
ten you're supposed to dance on that
thing get your casserole body off of
that of ten cats er roll sick witch
burn it out of ten Oh her name is
nibbles you can't nibble without top
teeth out of ten
fake hey squish Chihuahuas shouldn't eat
other Chihuahuas cannibal out of ten
this is your bubble this is your bubble
on cat drugs out of ten
cheddar alcoholic out of ten poor shape
too long wrong for his eyes raus off
fleek out of ten he doesn't even have
any lashes on either fuckin boom I can't
tell where its body like starts or ends
liquid body out of ten nope out of ten
another solid penis vagina vagina out of
ten nice crop top is it so you don't pee
on yourself it pees on itself out of ten
women a vain ass duck out of ten get out
of the bathroom nice try mochi why don't
you watch a tutorial every once in a
while out of ten what a terrible way to
kill yourself Joey get some help out of
ten oh cool a dog tornado fuck it all
out of ten
I got nothing out of ten see I hope
you're happy with how I rated your pets
because you know somebody's got to give
it to him straight and tell him how it
is you guys like this maybe I'll do
another one in the future next week I'm
going to be in Japan but there will
still be a video on my
channel and the week after that I'll
show you blog ball cool things I did
while I was in Tokyo so I hope you have
a great week I'll see you guys next week
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday 10 out of 10 beautiful face
what wow you're beautiful 9 out of 10
penis vagina
