peachie welcome to the mildly annoyed
family I've made two of those videos in
the past with my boys peaches like over
a year old and I never made one with her
and I mildly annoy her every day and she
mildly annoys me back right yeah I was
gonna save that video because I'm going
to going to New York this weekend and
then in November I'm going to Tokyo this
weekend though they're revealing my wax
figure at Madame Tussauds if you didn't
know that was happening it's in New York
City it's gonna be in Times Square so if
you want to go and hang out with my wax
figure that's a thing that exists oh my
god I know that these videos are really
stupid and I've already done two of them
so if this isn't for you that's totally
cool but I really just want to annoy my
dogs because it is like my favorite
thing in the world to do so no apologies
come on that harmonica and marbles that
thing he does with his chin maybe laughs
and you know it it made me laugh so hard
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out new videos every Wednesday I
hope this video made you laugh for like
three seconds because they all make me
laugh and I'm awfully selfish because
I'm in this to make me look good works
yeah thanks John good John I steal it I
did that's the trick when she yawns you
got a squeeze there just alone there's a
gentle squeeze and also side note I just
found out today that Kermit like
thoroughly enjoys sitting in plastic
bags so I'm gonna go bye
