today I'm Jenna
I'm 29 years old uh actually can you
start that over
um hi I'm Jenna and I am on level 29 of
length I am NOT not addicted to the
Elder Scrolls the video game the first
video game I've ever liked because it's
a lot like real life I tried playing on
their video games in the past they don't
have the same depth they make me feel
nothing but the Elder Scrolls just it
makes me feel so special like every day
I just wake up and have a reason to live
you know one of the first things I like
to do in the morning after I wake up and
I brush my teeth and stuff is I take my
my little elder scrolls pin and I just I
put it on to remind me to just scroll my
little heart out you know these girls
ain't loyal
mmm it's an Elder Scrolls junk so I'm
not Jewish but I really like how Jewish
people have like a mezuzah and it has a
little prayer in it and stuff so this is
like my mezuzah for elder scrolls it's
like the opening thing and it's on the
box and do I want to put it up here but
you know right here for right now but
this is this is like my Meza elder
scrolls yeah I mean I've recently lost
my job at CPS which would be a really
bad thing
um but it was a blessing in disguise
because now I just get to play elder
scrolls all day every day I've been
playing 24/7 non-stop for months and I
checked my progress and it says I'm only
60% done with the game so I have 40%
left
isn't that amazing I mean it started out
harmless I just like to play Grand Theft
Auto and she would get on my case all
the time so I thought if I could get her
a game she would get into video games as
well a friend of mine recommended I
should get her a story game so I went
and got her Elder Scrolls now it's like
I don't even know her
hey hey babe have you done anything all
day
I leveled up today no no I mean like in
real life
well I also dyed my outfit look isn't it
great
no I don't I don't like it and did you
spend 25 bucks in Microsoft Points I got
a notification Jenna I talked to you
about this you can't be doing that you
don't have a job yes I did I got an ice
horse you spent 25 bucks on a fake horse
yeah it's an ice horse the flea course
click horse assembl√©
oh my god Jenna you haven't eaten
anything all day again have you
oh thanks for inviting me I'll just eat
some of it Jenna
that's not you that's a character
alright alright I'll eat some of this
too you need to get a job Jenna this is
seriously too much I already told you I
have a job in woodworking you know that
I just wish that I could live there you
know like that was my life I got to wake
up every day and just do quests I just
think it's what I'm meant to do in life
you know for the amount of time she
plays that game she's not even that good
at it anytime she plays
player-versus-player online she just
dies the whole time so she's just a
story mode 90% of the time it's
ridiculous see what I mean yeah Cheers
the weekend yes we can
yeah yes so I've been like
do we really have to listen I'm gonna
I mean raise your hand if you have a
problem listening to this they know 3x1
selfish they're just me yeah our
friendship with Jenna has really changed
just because you know try to try and
catch up and then halfway through her
story I realized that she's not talking
about real life you know we're really
trying we left out of so much we don't
want to end our friendship but we can't
help her she won't help herself um I
don't know I'm just done
Derek is my soon-to-be husband not my
boyfriend Julian derek is like we're
getting married
ah Derek and I met because I you know
took off all my clothes and I was
dancing on the fountain like in the
middle of town just going crazy and
living life and Derek was there and we
just started talking and we just really
hit it off Derek Derek yeah
Derek is fucking 13 in real life I mean
I feel like I'm going crazy they're
getting married she bought a wedding
dress
I mean I'm mad like I don't even know
what to say I just I just want my
girlfriend back how is your sister by
the way
tell her I said hi fuck are you talking
to Derek Meetup hey fuck you Derek do a
piece 13 year-old get a light she
doesn't even know you don't even know
the kid he's a kid
fuck you Derek ah Jenna's getting
married to Derek today oh my god are you
kidding it's Hayley this is good for you
this is good for you I'm doing this
because I love you I'm trying to help
okay this is gonna be good doing this
for you
things are definitely getting better she
still plays and she did marry Derek but
I got her a Nintendo DS so we can play
games together like Mario Kart and stuff
I mean she's terrible but hey at least
we're playing together I don't think she
will ever stop but I'm proud of her for
her progress I still scroll I mean you
know me but I have learned to manage my
addiction a little better I've learned
that you can't just scroll all day and
not drink water so that's something good
that's come out of this I went to the
hospital for dehydration have it more
under control now I think the people in
my guild are a little mad at me like
Jenna where are you in a zoo but I've
learned that life is about balance so
I'm doing that the best that I can and I
know I'll live with this every day and
struggle but I'm working on it and just
looking forward to having a more
balanced life so it's better I'm better
I'm doing better I think I'm doing
better
it's there flea under control now it
feels like we have our lives back
just lucky that I have you more gonna
help you shocking Derek I mean you too
it's good we're good
not gonna apologize for it because the
last true life that I made was about my
actual life being addicted to leggings
and this is equally as true as the last
one I'm addicted to Elder Scrolls you
already knew that I need to give a big
huge thank you to Jason and gabs for
coming over and being in that video true
story
Jason is actually the actual person that
got me addicted to elder scrolls so you
can all thank Jason for my actual
addiction but make sure you subscribe to
my channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday and this video is just about
my real life so pray for me hopefully if
you like a video game even if it's not
this one this video can at least make
you feel normal because you know
sometimes it's just your real actual
life and then this life is like I don't
know what this is I don't know how to do
this but all right I'll see you guys
next week say bye agreement real MVP
though is that guy at the fountain that
was actually looking at me being naked
so thanks to you too sir have a good day
