eg why are you eating right now it's not
at a time conference since you guys let
me make a 12 minute rant about avocados
last week that no one wanted and no one
asked for typical Jeff I decided that
this week I wanted to do something that
has been requested a lot in case you
guys haven't seen the first one
oftentimes when you asked me to do
challenges I'll take like a bunch of
them and mash them up into one thing
called a challenge mashup if I don't
think that they should be like their own
whole video but it doesn't make people
request them any less so I wanted to
take a bunch of challenges some that I
made up some that I found on the
internet during weird internet time and
a couple of popular ones that you guys
have been requesting so hopefully this
will make those of you happy that
requests this and then I post some shit
about avocados as you guys also know I'm
really good at collaborating with other
youtubers which is why I thought I'd
take a break from collaborating with
youtubers and have a very special guest
join me here she is Kylie Jenner
everyone yay you look so beautiful
Kylie and I just did a video together it
was on her app or we had Kermit and
Norman meet each other and to evening
tweets about them
Kylie you were so lovely thank you one
of the most repressive challenges that I
get is the bean boozled challenge
everyone's done it I'm not gonna explain
it
Kylie are you ready I'm ready but you're
not popcorn or rotten egg you ready mmm
Kylie thank you for coming so much I
hope you get better Cockburn why'd you
get popcorn baby yeah nice peach or barf
oh my god Pisco pussy fuck of Bart's
tastes like oh my god oh we're not very
hot oh my god got peach how do they do
that I could smell it coming out of your
mouth I was like hot alright lime or
lawn clippings chance was long cocoa
bean boozled man got one I think I've
got lawn clippings
do you think what as long as they're
supposed to say like grass
he's fun I'm underwhelmed where's look
Harry products every flavor I'm still
like reeling from barf
what kind of bark like what did you
throw us like soup like chicken soup
yeah Tyler you're killing it berry blue
or toothpaste
I got Barry Tara Barry are you dawdling
we're seeing jellybean sorry how's their
your two days special kind of gets like
minty just tastes like mint
everyone makes this game so dramatic
this is what you guys wanted to see
fucking stupid licorice or skunk spray
okay this one I'm actually scared of
yeah this one might be brutal skunk
spray discussing oh no oh my god I got
skunk spray liquorice it smells like
disgusting oh my god Oh Kylie Oh Kermit
get away from it
really yeah I hate that so far there's
been nothing but Pleasant I mean all
right let's just pick one tutti frutti
or stinky socks not how the game works
all right 2013 oh this smells like sweat
first do coconut or baby wipes cuz
that's Pleasant way yeah she's like so
oh yeah I got so elicits mild juicy pear
or booger was a booger tastes like mm I
got parents getting worse no no no get
the Darwin I get to breathe are you
sorry you nasty caramel corn or moldy
cheese we haven't done in chocolate
pudding or canned dog food or chocolate
pudding or canned dog food
please chocolate oh oh
wah no what the fuck is this
that one was fucked I mean dog food and
that tastes worse than dog food last one
moldy cheese or caramel four okay go I
don't know get out I need a good one to
wash that down that's enough enough
you guys are fucked up you guys are
trolls that's how the cinnamon challenge
started you guys just want people to
fucking Gaghan throw up on camera
they're sick and fucked up well I mean I
didn't get that many bad ones so I
thought that was great
on the contrary I got all the bad ones
and I hated every second of that my next
very special guest is one of my favorite
people on the Internet currently which
is the why the fuck you limey Milo is I
hmm
yay I don't know his name but thank you
for coming and love your vines we're
gonna play what's that smell challenge I
have my three items why the fuck you
lyin are you ready I am right thing
number one right no that's a chemical
Emin time yeah item number two okay
smell hmm I get one more whip yeah is
that triple sec no nasal spray it is not
nasal spray what is it
it's guacamole you why does that smell
my mind is fucking things up now I don't
remember three ready yeah is it so yeah
there's a cleaning product of any kind
Oh chili pepper know what it's a like a
dog to doesn't I like chili pepper it
off it does you got one out of three yes
all right
I remember one terrible sense of smell
so let's see smell her up it smell like
anything
yeah it's not anything it sounds like
baby lives baby wipes are they yes so it
keeps smiling more with Tamsin alright
baby wipes is your guess that is
incorrect
what is it it is Mak makeup but you
might be wearing it which means what do
you mean Mak makeup it's just a it's
like a little big thing I've ever heard
like a circle thing and it has makeup in
it concealer yeah maybe I was supposed
to smell concealer yeah do you know how
this game works Julian yeah you're
supposed to guess where you're smiling
you ready sure that smells like glue or
nail polish or something close it's a
dog nail polish no you were close
it's a sharpie maybe some other sharpie
as I did yeah I made a hot shit huh
Freddie
I've made a noise and I was trying to
like push the smell into your face
push the smell I can't say the word that
I don't give it away is what it sounds
like
smells like nutritional yeast
whoa fucking way too close it's Vegemite
that's technically rough all right we'll
give you a half a point thank you for
coming why the fuck you lyin you won yay
our next challenge alright my next
special guest is Julianne the girls
because I want to play a challenge that
I invented because it's fucked up it's
called which parent do you like better
and we're gonna have our dog spit and
then we're gonna call them and see who
they go to that side of three
it's game is rigged I'm gonna do all
three of them at once okay
yeah so for our last and final challenge
I like to watch a thing called stocking
tug-of-war on YouTube where you both put
your face and a pair of stockings and
then tug-of-war like that we don't have
a bunch of people shooting us so we're
both gonna hold their own in blobbies oh
so we didn't run yeah the ground here
you try and get to the other side of the
kitchen or hurry yeah they not see you
Oh
all right look I did not expect that to
her as much as it did my mouth tastes
like butt my face hurts
oh that tastes like barf
I think you won you lost the beanBoozled
but you won this what's that smell you
won the stocking I won the dog parenting
though so I say it's a tie
whoever's taller gets the final winning
bullshit since we can't do a tiebreaker
this guy is the way there oh my god
you're the fucking winner oh yeah I hope
that those of you that asked me to do
challenges all the time like this video
so that give you like a few challenges
even some that don't exist it made me
laugh really hard to do the favorite
parent challenge so yeah that's pretty
fucked up play it with your kids don't
don't make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday / Thursday say goodbye peach
oh she's so pretty yeah this is who you
meant to come to know you're a favorite
parent challenge tag your friend to do
it everyone that's fun it's a great
challenge because everyone's feelings
get hurt
nah never again shit is disgusting you
guys are fucked
alright bye
