Thank You a love Jesus oh thank you
I've been gearing up for a very busy
fall traveling a lot in the fall all
over the place so I might be coming
today to hug you but haven't had much of
a summer and I haven't done anything
summery until the other day and I don't
usually put vlogs on this channel I put
them on my vlog Channel but like I'm not
scared to do different things and do
what makes me happy I've kind of been
trying to lay low this month a little
bit so I can have a little bit of summer
time and I realized the other day the
most summery thing that I did was go for
a bike ride I bought myself a bike for
the first time since I was like 12 years
old and it's awesome but as soon as I
left the house on my bike I was like oh
I really missed the dogs and I feel bad
that I'm outside having such a good time
without them so I wanted to figure out a
way that the dogs could join me I saw
this ridiculous like child carriage for
the back of a bike and just decided that
I was in fashion it to fit the dogs in
it and we've done a couple of trial runs
and it's really ridiculous especially
cuz I look like a like a crazy dog lady
and so this week I really just wanted to
enjoy my summer time with my dogs and
just showing you some of it because I
don't do that very often Wow good yawn
so I wanted to show you this awesome
thing that I spent my money dollars on
so we bought this like children's
carriage that you hook up to your bike
here that's where you would strap in
your children well we put a blanket and
a bed in here we tried originally to
strap them to these straps but that
gives them too much room to sort of like
put their hands down here they're like
manic they want to just like jump out
and put their hands on the ground so we
took their car harnesses
we attach them to this bar that runs
across the back find you they do make
these for dogs
in particular I'm impatient and I want
to win now and if it rains or if it's a
little bit chilly you can close this up
it's meant to fit a human baby so why
isn't it safe for your dogs I'm going to
go grab the dogs and show you how I put
them in their little adventure pod all
my fanny pack all ready for the
adventure we did wait until it got a
little cooler it's very hot right now
it's important not to let your dog
overheat BC okay Iggy's first yeah well
Peters like ready you do see that she
jumps right in yeah he said it was our
first time the other day and we weren't
quite sure how he liked it it was a
little weird like they tend to stand up
in there because they're really excited
and marvel Lakes its back where was a
good boy you're just too excited huh
yeah you like going for a bike ride
little guys guys look out
okay marble are you ready this is my
life all day every day this was like a
little over $200 I'm sure that you could
find these ones on Craigslist or
anything like that
I mean if they don't use it that much or
just give it to a baby right just goes
like that
and now I'm gonna get drill into tighten
it as hard as you can so that you guys
don't go flooding are you guys excited
well we're gonna do all the fun things
and hopefully get some really cool shots
with the dogs in their new little toy
all right Jenna perspective yeah oh my
god
vlogging and biking exactly the worst
thing I've ever done hey guys so
ridiculous some people spend their money
and good thing I put my money on a
carriage so I can bike with my dog
because why not
my eyelashes are seriously watering
marble just keeps barking every tuck
that he sees like a small little
five-pound jerk like in a bike carriage
the thing says I don't take you
seriously quite like you being in a bike
of Carey
you guys happy is so happy permit it's
fun you like it
Carmen always cries during fun you're
fun crier when she's like moving all
around in there you can like feel it
like on the bike like pulling me back be
Wiggly in there huh we came a few
neighborhoods over cuz it's really quiet
over here it's really nice and there's
lots of people that were like staring at
them like oh my god you guys are awfully
cute in there what I wanted to do some
day is like trick this thing out with
lights and then go fairly red hey guys
maybe I come in how do you have to make
everything so dramatic buddy
see I hope that you liked this vlog I
never get to do vlogs I usually post
vlogs on my vlog channel about I really
wanted to vlog this because it is so
much fun and anytime that I get to spend
with my dogs that I wouldn't usually I
will take it and love it and yeah it's
not exercise for them but they're having
a good time and you don't have to be
stuck in the house right you look girl
but make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday / Thursday you ever fashioned
something fun for your dogs we did at me
or put it on my fucking Facebook page or
something because I really liked it
oh yeah alright see you guys next week
bye hey buddy guys all right now
I'm over
