this video might go really poorly or it
could go like way awesome pretty sure
it's gonna go awesome come on
pranking myself right now cuz I'm making
oatmeal huh priorities though so for any
of you that watched Jillian's vlogs you
know that he pranks me a fair amount and
I always fall for it because I'm pretty
gullible and also just I'm easy to trick
that's really clean well like II fight
and something that's requested a lot for
me to do is to prank Julian back but I
am so bad at pranks I try you know
without a camera on and just fail
miserably every single time so what I
wanted to do joined went to the gym
right now and mind you you know I'm
gonna need 10 minutes to eat some
oatmeal here so like he's gonna be gone
like an hour I'm just gonna try and like
booby-trap the whole house so then when
he comes home I can prank him really
fucking good because I already know that
I'm really good at pranks so he's just
gonna not even know what hit him I
googled some stuff like I'm just gonna
make dudes what I have and we're gonna
see what the fuck happens you know what
I mean
I'm gonna booby-trap the house now bye
so we don't have one of those little
sprayer things but this guy goes on
spray like that oh yeah so I'm just
gonna do this real quick yes that will
show him now naturally I'm gonna do a
bunch of stuff to the toilets in the
bathroom because that's I really prank
somebody we don't have any saran wrap
but I do have some aluminum foil this is
gonna show Julian I am not to be messed
with just finish this bathroom this is
like some next-level shit ready hey and
not only did I wrap the seat but it also
wrapped underneath the seat which will
definitely fool him and also the garbage
can and toilet paper roll and the soap
and the sink and bolt said to candles I
mean he can still enjoy that but I mean
this is shaping up to be pretty fucking
I bet if you asked me so they did in the
bedroom
good luck sleeping on your side of the
bed Julie
right right and also good luck using the
bidet no one uses fucker got you oh yeah
and it's extra hot right now
Caden is the air conditioning ha ha ha
so the next thing I'm going to do is
tape everything on a desk down because I
read that that was a good prank so I'm
going to do that my final prank the
camera up there and I'm gonna leave the
door open but the dogs go around so and
Julian comes home it seems like the
house got broken into and I got murdered
but I'm also gonna put this egg on the
door so that it falls on him when he
comes in yes Julian going down I'm
watching Julian I'm fine friends so I
can see when he comes home so I can pull
up the perfect timing I just thought
that Julian's obviously home sorry good
we're gonna get dead
so dad
all right you're rolling it and swearing
on humans into coal leg
Wow oh my god you you it's Jamal
well I mean still going wait till you
see what else I did to break you and get
you back
come comfort she could good luck getting
any work done
oh my god you could just take everything
what no it's what I pray to you as a
prank doing this is a prank always
perfectly good pretty you didn't believe
that I was dead
well it was a strong scent of ketchup
but maybe you were dead on another style
Oh instead Jillian you didn't even think
for a second I was dead the dogs have
installed the dogs they're not even hear
the door open gave me the honest honest
like
here so what do you go the bathroom or
anything oh god yeah oh you got me good
yeah yeah feel do you feel pretty dope
rain I feel praying Oh like are you
throwing some chicken in the st. Jude
Edie is this think at all like it uh
just use this thing
Oh got ya oh great is prego
got ya oh just kidding the dogs aren't
gone the dogs are in here also
good luck sleeping in your side of the
bed got you this is the time frame
Julian are you HOT
what oh my god why'd you do that damn it
yeah you feeling hot cuz got you good
luck using the bidet cuz guy every day
not a day goes by we don't the day oh so
near Lynne never done that goodbye guy
yo is this you're getting me back from
Franco didn't you yeah I mean I said I
did pretty good man you know all things
considered trolling a sign babe when I
saw the door open as legitimately got
scared I'm looking into my face in the
car but I got legitimately scared I'm
just upset that egg didn't fall on him
but guy yeah yeah you got me saw some
bloody gun
I'm dead actually I did this whole video
from the grave I mean are you gonna
think twice about pranking me since I
got you so bad well you don't just have
the term peasant
you're noting poison Julian we're gonna
need a call Dateline or some shit to
solve this crime what no lick it last
break the dogs eat ketchup and then poop
bread ha ha got you thanks I'm a master
