hey guys I already do my life but you
guys have been requesting that my dogs
draw their lives so here their lives
first up is mr. marbles hi my name is
Charles Franklin marbles and I hate the
world when I was born I actually tried
to kill my dog parents remember a human
came and at first I wanted her to die
but then I realized that she fed me and
then she was alright every morning I
wake up and I want him to die and one
time a piece of food fell out of my
mouth and tried to kill me so I killed
it with my mouth I liked to kill things
by barking at them and running away I'm
really fast
plus I have four teeth and they're all
really sharp and lethal German Shepherd
next stories to bark at me until one
time I barked so hard at him that he
died another time I met this baby and he
was fidgeting all around and it smelled
weird so I barked at it and it died when
I go to the doctor for everyone's safety
because I'm a dangerous killer they
wrapped me up in a burrito while they
cut my fingernails otherwise they'd all
definitely be dead the only thing I
don't want to die is my bear I love him
I'm a home Rabb sexual okay man but I
also like girl rabbits sometimes I have
sex with my brother while he case is off
into the distance my sister is a bitch
and can die and that's my life pretty
great although I'd be much better if
everyone died and it was just me
hello and fairman I was born in a swamp
and I was so wet so I go very fast you
may have heard the Bigfoot Yeti
Sasquatch other legendary monsters well
it wasn't any monsters in with me as
them babies I grew so I'm big from
kidding so water damn big spirit foot
one day the swamp ran out of chicken so
I had to befriend a human that had
chicken her name is Jenna I don't even
really like her she just has chicken she
gives me food protection and lots of
warfare and I give her napping sometimes
she tries to touch me and act like we're
friends and they have to bite her and
remind her that this is business
arrangement plus human Jenna makes me
live with my arch-nemesis yeah TRT ow
it's strangled my neck and if I had
thumbs I would burn it one time humans
in a clothes closet door on me and it
gave me Swamp flashback of no chicken
and I pooped everywhere fun humans on
the floor take that this proof to me
that you mention is not to be trusted
and I follow her every move ducking
behind her wing to strike steal all of
her chicken coins and move back to the
swamp my humanik got another sermon
named Paige I hate patients and nurses
and thinks everything is that game it's
not them game you got so greedy and
sleeps with her legs open and the other
thing I do not like is when people on
the internet tell me I look like Snoop
Dogg's you make fun of my voice I cannot
wait to go back to swamp and get so
watered and huge and hurt internet back
that's my in life
hello ladies
oh you guys that's awfully sweet thank
you well that was a little ridiculous
but you guys kept asking for it so I
made it for you and yeah I'm kind of a
hot mess right now cuz I'm going freak
on like raw now but make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday say bye buddy
yeah see you guys next week and if
you're going to VidCon I'll see you
there right Wheaton you're gonna give us
Heon good I did a good impression of you
those good good y'all good y'all good
cool good smiling clean good smelling
all right see you guys next week bye did
you like drawing your life litchi that
hand was yours that orange fleece with
flowers hun it was your hand wasn't it I
know it's a good hand okay but look
