oh sorry fucking rough work
hi friends so I've seen a lot of these
on YouTube other people doing the yoga
challenge I'm a big fan of Gena and
Jessie's as always relationship goals
and joy Graceffa
Alfie's well like everybody has done
this we're gonna do the yoga challenge
and I'm concerned for our bodies but
like every time I watch one it looks
really fun because I want to laugh and
have fun and spend time with going whoa
that was sweet zero to sway real quick
disclaimer I'm not like the most
flexible but I try hard
yeah and I'm kind of chubby right now so
good luck to you cut it up mmm pizza I'm
ready are you ready yeah I'm ready
do yoga I'm dad dad dad dad daddy
backwards seahorses right so I feed you
to be together not lean more more you
gotta hurt your back oh my god arch your
back like a swan okay go my teaching
lean Marteen Marteen Lamar don't worry
about so much bigger than you it'll look
like love we're doing it look like fuck
I can't win because you gonna give me a
countdown you can't just start leading
three two one Lee kid we're different
size doesn't work all right we call it
lifts ss Bucks are like different
heights well we're gonna love Baba
hi easy fucking next was this yoga I'm
gonna win at it alright this is called
dog out dog
oh look oh oh okay Julia okay
sorry okay good okay look I'm like
quickly getting out of breath okay so
can you bend your body like that I don't
know I'm gonna try Julian you don't know
unless you try
hey this is not the gross dude to the
party so you ready yeah I'm nervous
is this right
yes I'll hand your feet here look no no
no just give me one second ah you gotta
stay stable towards your head there you
go oh this fucking person feels weird
and pathetic
ah are you doing it yeah sort of are we
okay really were you good oh yeah let's
call this the fuck by hip flexors
peaches not involve you you have to hold
my hands oh dang it fuck my hip flexors
are going to seize in like three seconds
come on - fuck my hip flex on my back
hurt she wants to yoga dog pose lounge
hey your legs I think I'm supposed to be
the girl book Oh make your hands move be
touching that you can do are you do you
like you're moving out Palacios is great
yeah
give me a beer it looks like I'm kind of
like choking you in you're upside down
PG okay you ready yeah you got a lower
I'm as I'm bending baby that lower wall
right uh-huh
yes you're pulling my shoulders without
pushing on us you just love turtles
turtle heart turtle
try look way too high up on my back
market right okay you Jesus I'm not
Jesus you're the one that's just fucking
chillin touch your feet or something you
know uh-oh she grabs her ankles listen
touch your feet or something
you're like angles touch your feet or
something you don't like ankles
still love babe we're not going anywhere
grab my shoulders okay if it tipped me
back not trying let him try harder try
more so my legs end up being straight
yes but that's crazy
what look how far away I am Betty the
fuck you are understand I can't just
bend them like this no I can't do
anything no I can smart approaches if
you should dream it you can do it ah
more weight on your shoulders almost
over my head oh you're like doing a head
ski that's what I keep telling you okay
I got this Tommy yeah thanks okay got
myself yeah
I feel good
No feels good for me though you're gonna
have to get your feet in the position
that I can sit on that's just straight
veg
hello you just like a chump oh no no
jumping horrible dorsiflexion just
jumping land are you ready ready for I
don't know babe only out fuck you're
supposed to what are we supposed to do
well there we go there we go
you have to pay flip flat oh my legs
we got this Dylan lap on my inner thigh
I can't do that yes you can oh I can't
do the pain - who's he doing doing me a
joke yeah it's Joe okay okay ready yeah
we're your hands go hold on sit up so
Zen and yoga oh my fucking god
why'd you lay on top in the gravity I
need to take when you take my shirt down
oh my fucking god out we work for you
got titties in a faster one more time
do I need it right if you fuckin ballin
okay okay oh yeah I did it
you got a like 69 meet in the air I'm
gonna put my hands on your legs and then
you're gonna let me go I'm gonna kick my
legs up okay oh yes not wait wait long
so where do your legs need to go you
need to bend down 769 you just pop again
I'm just Betsy 69 oh yeah believe that
only knock more balance each other out
can you imagine if you were like hey
King take a picture of my boyfriend
we're just gonna do some echo yoga over
there and then you just saw that what's
this one follow scorpion dog good day
out fucking back this is called double
crabs done yes tops I give you job -
you're gonna catch my legs oh yeah what
would be your gig this is called fuck
chair come on just sit back but not your
leg video you
and do it straight back oh my god no oh
there we go
oh no pictures of leg up move your feet
to my butt
they're straight dad Reina straight edge
yeah yeah guys it's a chair all along on
a readjust how long can you hold that
for I've never done one Tyra you guys
changed I know I can do I can't let you
my legs like with a second before I fall
so follow me yeah okay okay I'm up where
are you all right so you gotta give me a
minute because Julian landed on my head
that like hit me know who's feel so bad
it's not broken
I already broke it one time I know what
it feels like to break your nose I did
oh you did fuck up my hair so can you
please fix it oh we got some vegetable
stir-fry your car
these real good you smashed my whole
head like fucking Goro I don't want to
end like that I want to do something
that we can do that's fun where nobody
is at risk of getting hurt alright for
our last and final pose without my nose
breaking yes yeah okay yeah we're doing
it yeah it's probably like my least
favorite challenge ever it was really
fun and then it was really not fun yeah
you know the challenge is too real it's
too much like life man it is it's a
little too humbling make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday last Thursday and
hopefully next week I won't hurt myself
or give her or get alright I'll see you
guys next week
PG don't oh my god she's trying to eat
this you nasty bye
you
