you know whenever I sit at this table
great things always happen it has been a
hot second since I made a drunk video
and it's like the most requested thing
when I ask my face look what you guys
want to see for me it's like you'll get
drunk get drunk and there's a time and a
place for it and guess what that place
is now in that time is now like my
favorite suggestion ever was magic
tricks I'm a huge fan of magic even if a
shitty kid is doing it I think it's
always entertaining so I went to a magic
store I got a bunch of shit and I'm
gonna get drunk and perform some magic
tricks for you because is that not
fucking entertainment are you not
entertained I'm gonna get drunk and I
will come back drunk magic here it comes
I wish for all of you to think that I
don't get drunk you got to see how much
I actually drank this is a lot of wine
it's a lot of wine this is my passive
hat I am now a magician because I've now
put on top of that you're welcome I'm
welcome everyone's welcome
abracadabra ronita my watch it's getting
look it oh my god what is this empty
flower pot I want some flowers can I get
some flowers in my dick yes you can when
lagari a love Yosa I feel like it just
gives me the truth
Gavi and what yo sup this is for you I'm
not Jenna anymore I'm David Blaine and
I'm doing trick magic and I'm gonna be
serious and stuff it's just like some
magic like I'm so serious extreme magic
do you have a handkerchief oh okay good
I'm glad you do
alright I'm gonna turn it into a
different handkerchief so you have a red
whoa what the fuck whoa how'd you even
do that oh my god David Blaine fuck me
I feel like this video might be a lot of
revealing magic secrets which I feel no
remorse about it's a physical trick
Harry Potter except me and deer squad
here's a rope that's totally normal
Julian inspect it to make sure it's a
number of its normal this rope is
totally non magic look at Oh are you
know shot this is your brain on drugs
this is rain not on drugs
nice magic fucking bulb just bind it to
my magic magic castle hire me now that
you're warmed up get ready for this
rematch look it
oh there's nothing in it there's
literally nothing good story Jenna what
do you do oh just wait I'm a magician
Oh I open the top thing and then yeah
bitches I mean you should be pretty
impressed are you not entertained watch
closely because we're gonna see will
blow your mind I Love Lucy yes okay for
my next trick I need my assistant now as
tight as you can
how will I ever get out of this oh my
god am i under arrest
did you swallow it an actual Houdini
holy shit this is how people get out of
jail it was basically a tutorial I
taught you how to get out of jail you
just like wiggle your arms up just like
I'm prepping for my next trick just like
shut the fuck up oh my god ha ha I wish
I could screw this light bulb into an
outlet but I'm too tired
what should I do I should just put it on
my head holy Sh
it's the actual devil fucking I have an
idea my idea is that they even blame
this like a big fat fucking dick that's
too far Janet uh okay blue yellow black
orange got it
I need my magic assistant I will
remember what colors are here you just
uh yeah go ahead
just fuck him up okay challenge accepted
this is black this is orange blue and
yellow magic yeah I didn't read the
instructions for this magic trick
because I feel like it at least that was
honest
there's nothing realer than like an
honest magician I got three balls
holy shit yeah I know Penn & Teller go
fuck yourselves little bit shit get here
zip up here
Oh
oh my god Jenna what what the fuck where
that even come from
I don't know Jenna excuse me fuck boy
are you busy or wha anyway somehow the
magic lost your card is this your ID no
just in case you didn't think any of
that was cool you're in the bud of
skepticism that's fine watch this bitch
oh my god oh my god how she even doing
that Oh a literal magic hey guys we get
it make sure that you subscribe to my
channel because you know sometimes I
just can't like fuck the fuck up and
like to keep it all the way real hope
you like my magic shakes cuz you
requested them holy shit how do you get
over there I don't know see you next
week back ectopy
