there we go yay someone was in the video
so this has been a series on my channel
for some time now what a girl's Blanc
means so many that I'm gonna make it its
own like playlist on my channel so you
guys can know what everything means all
at once no matter how many of them I
make you guys keep requesting more with
different topics that's cool with me cuz
I know everything clearly you want to
know everything to your thirst for
knowledge is unquenchable thirst for
dick is unquenchable it has been
requested that I doing what a girl's
eyelashes mean because with Kim
Kardashian being our current queen of
pop culture and influencing us all to be
extra hairy in all the right places
eyelashes and what you do with them say
a lot about you as a person if you're
new here good luck because you're not
gonna know what the fuck's going on but
without further ado here is what your
eyelashes need natural eyelashes with
nothing on them mean whenever I go
places like this people ask me are you
sick you don't look good no I'm not sick
this is just what my face looks like
also that's rude
or it means I save 15% of more on dates
by switching to natural lashes and when
I do go out dates the only thing getting
naked or my lashes natural eyelashes on
someone that uses Latisse or any other
growth serum means my eyelashes groups
so long I'm so excited I mean yeah they
grew long but they also grew really
weird but I'm in denial about that just
as much as I'm in denial about the fact
that I'm gonna put this on my eyelashes
every day for the rest of my life my
eyelashes would literally fail a drug
test
they're basically drug addicts these are
the things I need to survive food water
shelter and my fucking Latisse if I have
my Lutece they're gonna go back down to
their regular size you think Lance
Armstrong won seven Tour de France tours
by being natural no put Latisse all over
his legs and he put it in his Camelback
can't wear a camera back in the Tour de
France
guy really wasn't natural eyelashes with
lots of eyeshadow on means that's not
how this works
that's not how any of this works stop
doing this take four seconds and put on
some mascara because you look fucking
crazy I know you think you look like
Khaleesi but you look like you dipped
your face in a pile of cocaine a regular
coat of mascara means and while I don't
look down anymore and you thought
defibrillators are the only thing that
brought people back from the dead
clear plus if there's a zombie
apocalypse I can just take my mascara
off and then they'll think I'm one of
them next levels that'll be pressed
floppy mascara means I have more
important priorities other than my
external appearance I likely use my
brain for a living or it means I got
ready on a train in hot-air balloons
that I invented my blog is called when
altitude meets solitude join me on my
quest for exploration
mascara on your top and bottom natural
lashes mean this looks great on some
people I'm not one of those people damn
you incest the ancestors for making my
face all fucked up so I can't pull this
off say that 10 times fast incest the
ancestors its ste ancestors
okay mad at me it's history clumpy
you're too much mascara or what I like
to call scary hairy lashes mean I'm the
type of person that doesn't know when to
stop when I go to Italian restaurants
and they asked me if I'd like some fresh
grated Parmesan cheese on my pasta
everyone around me has finished their
meal before I tell the waiter to stop I
get free refills on other people's
popcorn
I'm also banned from the DMV apparently
it's frowned upon to change your license
picture every time you change your
facebook picture I can't go back there I
can't vote a brown mascara means I'm a
blonde I'm a redhead or black is just so
harsh it's just not gonna go with my
artisanal handcrafted crocheted tank top
it also means I have a bush downstairs
ended upstairs friends call me triple
bush blue mascara means this is trendy
like every five years
and it's just as weird everytime blue
mascara essentially means I have a
terrible memory any other color of
mascara means fuck you dead you don't
even know me hates you eyelash
extensions mean it took me like two
hours only a harder $50 to get these
individual hairs glued onto my eyes I
can't really touch him or get him wet or
like put anything on them do anything to
him and they fall out so like II I need
to get them done twice a month so like
it cost me three hundred dollars a month
to have them but doesn't matter like I
picked up an extra shift
so I mean hashtag worth it I dropped out
of college natural looking fake
eyelashes means I woke up like this
these aren't fake they're real they're
mine I look like this every day I'm
better than you I also like to assert my
dominance over you on social media by
telling everyone that I'm better than
you
that was a cat I basically be peeing all
over everyone this is also what many
guys think wearing no makeup looks like
listen this isn't no makeup when there's
no makeup your boner will be scared
feather fake lashes mean I'm a fucking
bird you know who these look good on
birds and garbage cans actually just
garbage cans those weird paper cutout
lashes mean hey guys welcome to my fairy
tutorial do you wake up every day just
lying to be a fairy flying through the
forest me too if you want to see how I
achieved this not remotely flattering
look at all keep watching top and bottom
lashes mean what oh yeah sorry I'm okay
I know I'm good I just can't blink or
else my eyes are gonna get stuck
together this is just about the most
uncomfortable thing ever invented but
looks good is this beauty am i doing the
beauty flashers that are falling off
mean I'm drunk
I fell asleep drunk with my lashes on
and woke up or if you never fucking do
this right close enough or it means you
mean Jessica is that a pretty fat well
time ridiculously stacked lashes mean yo
I heard you like lashes so I put some
lashes on your lashes Thanks
it also means I bought this shirt from
the Kardashian eBay store it's just like
subtle enough to bring like attention to
your eyes but it's not like too much you
might I mean it's pretty it also means
if you add a little wind you get Tiffany
Pollard aka I Love New York
and lastly since we're completely
obsessed with longer thicker fuller
better lashes the future of lashes are
hey I'm Jenna oh sorry hi I'm Jenna
these are everything got my level basics
so yeah that's what your eyelashes mean
clearly I just know everything so
hopefully you found this video helpful
for yourself or for other people so that
you can just know all about them just
from my eyelashes make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday / Thursday I love
me oh I love me do they know I love me I
left way too hard at myself by myself
