oh hello there friend I asked you guys
on Facebook what you wanted to see and
as you know sometimes I actually do make
the things that you wanna see and not
just what Jenna wants to make selfish
selfish and someone suggested that I eat
dog treats or dog food with my dogs this
month is the dog's birthday month marble
says June 5th peach was June 15th and
Kermit is on June 28th so I want to do
something fun special because it's your
birthday huh I went to a pet store I got
a bunch of food that's human greed and
I'm gonna eat it with them and see what
we like right thank you for the person
that suggested this because this is
gonna get gross and fucking weird I
thank you I mean fuck you we're gonna
break the truth out scale of 1 to 10 I'm
gonna rate them and then each dog will
rate that because marbles is very picky
and he only likes certain things ok here
we go guys this I was feeling this is
gonna take a long time to shoot this
video we're gonna start with some fruta
bowls which are like banana pumpkin
flavored you guys want your own marble
I'm gonna bite mine in half for you girl
bye hmm go go who dropped their peach
rates it a negative 4 because she threw
it off of the chair I'm it's gonna go
ahead and rate it at 3 I think I think
he likes that
Oh marbles is gonna rate it a barrier
because he looks like he's about to bury
his I'm gonna rate it like a 4 tastes
like banana cardboard guys what the fuck
it has a very bizarre aftertaste you
guys tasting that you taste another tube
oh let's move on to pop tato chips oh
shit I just opened it like a whiff of
shit
potato chips guys yeah mmm oh that's
gross it tastes like like a dried up
lipstick marbles is rating this up area
also 0 from marbles 3 from Kermit and 1
from peach don't want eat their potato
chips not for people okay
this is bacon flavor with real yogurt
mmm nothing says treat quite like bacon
and yogurt peachy come get you
yeah it's food it looks like a
Mentos oh my god I like melt I'm him
aside from the pungent disgusting yogurt
flavor in the beginning the bacon is
pretty good it's like an after-dinner
mint right guys
oh mama likes oh that's like a five from
marvel bags all around right yeah they
weren't like crazy excited for it but
like Marvel in it which means it's
decent I'm gonna give it five that's
pretty good I feel like there's some
grown adults that would eat that I don't
know what the fuck this is but it says
grass-fed Moo I don't like the way it
sounds
it looks like some sort of jerky okay
everyone get your bravery on oh no no no
I really don't like fifty is like beef
that's like wrapped in seaweed and then
like laid out to dry and like a really
hot Sun oh I'm like that what do you
guys like that you guys gave us six you
gave it a five I even egative two ships
fucking great so the guys said that
these were like chocolate mint biscuits
there's some for you eat it oh no not so
hot huh guys what always very fun I
fucking know Scarface zero zero zero I'm
gonna give it a zero two I'm gonna
how about some Malibu dog kitchen vegan
peanut power I don't know what about
this says peanut power
these look like nasty doodoo sticks here
you go guys
I don't know if you can hear that I've
tastes like almost nothing I don't know
how they can get away with saying peanut
power when it doesn't even taste like
peanuts my why would you give this a
zero is that this so 2 2 and 0
mine gets a zero definitely because the
title is misleading it tastes nothing
like peanuts it only tastes like shit
let's move on now oh this is how you
know that they like it when they're
already getting excited
sit so this is some chicken cutlets made
with brushed on benefits this one is the
energy style
it's like slimy Oh Kermit Oh Kermit
skinning it at 10 Kermit is giving it a
10 mmm it has all of the texture of a
jerky and all of the flavor of like a
poopy diaper mm-hmm uh-uh there's no
salt or flavor so it just tastes like
fish
it tastes like nasty dry fish that's
hands on run except for you yeah I'll
give it a negative 30 to balance out
just how nasty it
oh you breath is so bad perfect let's
try this delicious pupcake
I think this is for dogs bigger than you
but would you like to try and lick the
frosting no I just want a burp on it
that's how it's gonna be so tasty
it's sweetie peach you know like your
sweet it was look if you open the
package of oatmeal and then just pour it
in your mouth that's what it tastes okay
except drier I think marbles gives it
like a four he liked that he's looking
for more crema gives a zero peach gives
it a zero how about some of this organic
oven big dog treats blueberry flavors
you guys like blueberries you guys even
blueberry all they look like teddy bears
mmm I'm just like a crack crack holidays
are legette protein fat fiber moisture
what is moisture it's not like how wet
it makes you when you eat it uh-huh
she's not eating it she left it on crumb
its tail picture doesn't like sweet
things don't leave it on his tail
these are 10,000 pen pen I'm not gonna
feed any more of these to them because
these are people treats okay this
products main selling point is that it's
only has one ingredient which is G's -
which I'm like why wouldn't you just buy
some cheese it tastes like cheese like
gross nasty hard cheese put cheese
that's really good - I'm gonna keep
those for later I get cheese please @n
it was good ten ten ten
all of them with these two right here we
could have a fuckin picnic I'm good shit
my guys
wimzie's are like little dental brushes
for your dog it should be delicious I
don't even want to breathe the air
that's coming out of this bag it smells
like hot diarrhea while someone is
mowing the lawn
all right if I could move it bobble
gives it a zero he has a lot of dogs
bark I mean it looks pretty shitty it
looks like bird food you like it
each take it into mouth just take a
couple look a person barb
it likes legit tastes like something buy
at Whole Foods what it's not a dog for
you it's a Jana treat right now but
crumb it okay let's give it a nine a
nine a nine and a zero now onto some
real shit you guys ready for a real shit
you want the chicken just smells like a
like a porta potty at Coachella
okay feeding instructions this formula
is designed for adult maintenance oh
that's me oh yeah you guys like that
yeah I instantly regret all that just
like the worst day I know that you like
it and suck come on you know Chipotle is
better than that like you could probably
dip your nails in there and take off
your nail polish I gave a fucking
negative 10
this is fucking disgusting they give it
ten ten ten you guys want some beef to
go with your chicken just like some some
rice and beef at least this looks like
food oh you guys like that the most all
right here you go
I'm not bad at all like that's amazing I
would eat that for dinner you guys say
ten okay that shit was good you guys
want to finish that after this I think
our winners where this dog bar was
delicious these cheese things were
delicious blueberry cookies were
delicious don't ever eat any fucking
chicken in a can ever because you will
regret it anything that looks like papal
food probably tastes like fucking people
food yeah let's do that though from now
on only feed you guys things I'll eat it
you guys like bullies sixth up she's
never gonna put that in my mouth I mean
this wasn't really a review so I don't
know why you'd ever find this helpful
but at least for me it was good to
experience what dog treats taste like
some of them are really gross and some
were fucking great this is your favorite
video ever huh
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday are you serious yeah see you
guys next week and someday in the future
we'll do Jenna's ratchet dog salon but
happy birthday it's all three of my
dog's swag goals on fleek you ready
