oh yeah my god we are in Lisbon Portugal
right now in case you're like we both
have to because oh it's gonna be so hard
in any moment the cleaner could just
walk into their front door she just
walks that we hope I do not disturb
silent they just keep walking in like if
you don't want to be disturbed put the
Do Not Disturb sign up and we'll ignore
it we are here in Lisbon Portugal for
web summit so we will see you guys
tomorrow for that but today since we
have limited capabilities because we are
in another country I thought it'd be fun
to sit down and react to some more
compilation videos because after the
first one I was flooded with tweets
people saying you didn't react to this
one you missed this one you missed this
one so this feels like perfect week to
go back and make sure that we watch all
the ones that you want us to watch
because I know there are some good ones
do the bends anyways are you ready I
feel like we should be a little bit
quiet because there are other people
that are here I feel like I have an
understanding of what this might be but
this just says Kermit robbing himself
against soap compilation it's almost
good they just literally chopped every
moment but he just put his face near the
soap I mean this is a this style that
some of these videos are in are so funny
right that was pretty good I mean they
literally just chopped
every time that Kermit put his face here
this up which I I appreciate and I also
respect the next one is jenna Marbles
jacksFilms this is just the back of
orange I understood gets funny that this
video is seven minutes long like have me
and him beef back and forth in our video
for a total of seven minutes I think so
I respect you and your compilation crap
you can't do that which one of Jenna's
dogs do you hate the least dude that's
too hard it's like trying to pick my
least favorite Transformers movie on
garbage okay I did not see that what a
little shit
whoo try not to be too loud because
we're in a small hotel thing but like
Sunday's here klondike's here jack right
here just choke them all out who do you
think would tap first Sunday Klondike or
Jack Sunday little bitch I need to not
comment on this view because it's
between you and him oh really because
you took a picture with someone that
said that Jack's home songs are better
remember that they snuck that sign out
just me Nick so you took that look all
right lrc Julian being nasty for four
minutes Julian being nasty I'm sorry I'm
sorry but that shit's Jess I like having
the worst time watching this like it's
so gross it's like all the grossest
parts of you just condensed in before
it's so nasty so just all the parts of
me
I smell on four because you were making
me give you a perm bleach basically was
getting in my nose and mouth bleach very
different but the same totally different
chemical concept which I took chemistry
at high school please which is apartment
yeah it just keeps on for different man
times it's different in your face no no
the texture and the color are the same
thing no not at all I mean that was very
profound what you just said but no does
this give you any moment of like pause
or remorse and be like wow I really am
gross to my girlfriend all the time you
know when you walk into your like your
trophy room and you're looking at all
your accomplishments and you see your
name on all those plaques and you're
reliving the glory days and you're like
damn I did all that that's the feeling I
have right now that's how I feel
this is like torture like maybe to some
people this is funny but for me to watch
this is torture so you know what if you
think about it it's just it's the
intricacies that make it's so beautiful
just epitome of thinking outside the box
I forgot that you done that why do you
have to be nasty while we're doing this
the culprit behind all of these moments
are you giving me the opportunity and
the end the tools to be this nasty
somewhere deep down inside me I think
you really like nasty Julian never once
in my life have I just like never once
in my adult life have I just decided to
spit on to the floor of the house that
we live in now that just happened you
can't even see her look at the smile on
your face I mean it's it's palpable I
smile is palpable
girl no my knuckles Oh
doing something we were watching
something and put wrinkles Joe Kermit
salmon compilation it was just a saying
Carmen San Francisco weird like took
them on it to peace so he hopped up in
some like business area like peed in
their only Bush jennamarbles extreme
close-up compilations my god honestly
this neat this reminds me that the world
needs another Hillary video they just do
you need to get that wig on and look at
54 camera angles in the room you need we
need the Hillary back like look at all
these angles right here are you kidding
me sleepyhead just out of nowhere this
storyteller of our generation another
one climb climb climb climb climb climb
run I think students are really tired
from never getting to sit
we leave that shot in the video that
wasn't an outtake Julian hated filming
this video because it was so loud
however like intense the move bang
sounds were 50 times worse for me
because I had the headset on monitoring
the audio I'm amazed at how much work
that is to go through all my videos and
find close up moments we know how much
you guys have wanted us to watch this Oh
for those of you that haven't seen it
you present ptolemaida soft all
screaming in popular songs
I know I shouldn't someone click on her
thinking it was that music video and
then that happened that's like the worst
click they ever we got one more I think
it's at least in the same style as Jenna
annoying her dogs for two minutes
straight
Jenna's dogs struggling to survive oh my
god and so dark I just I deeply
appreciate the caption compilation
videos is like one of my new favorite
genres Trisha Paytas showery to tanah
mojo crying you guys really fuck like
your next level I'm glad we did this
I know you guys wanted us to react to a
few more of those videos because we did
not in the first video so I hope you're
happy now cuz I know a lot of you worked
very hard on them it would take me a
week to edit those why don't we show
them the view let's give him a little
room tour
the thing alright we're gonna go we're
gonna go hang out hang out outside and
beautiful Lisbon look at where we is
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out a video every Wednesday /
Thursday thank you guys for those who
that made those compilation videos
they're really amazing it's really nasty
get away from me
