yeah my best friend he really very well
they love you oh thank you PG always
gets to be in the videos because she's
the only dog that wants to you guys are
lazy so a couple months ago I made a
video called I suck at video games and
for those of you that liked it you
really liked it and Felicity the don't
keep shit about video games sorry but
I'm gonna do that again because it's
really fun for me
so I want to do that again with a bunch
of different games because Julian plays
video games we have a bunch of these
games some of them fucking don't look
like they're gonna be fine but we'll see
good yawn but so yeah I wanted to make a
I suck at video games part two because
it's fucking fun I know I know it's very
exciting anyway do you will play okay
boo boo Julian got this game I don't
know why it looks like you just go down
rollercoasters
so we'll see if it's gonna be freakin
fun but we don't know how pretty fucking
wait why did this year you do not have
to steer on a roller coaster ever
okay now we're having a seizure am I
supposed to be doing anything I'm
literally not even touching it and we're
right
roller coaster so this game sucks i
unlock new levels you've been up okay so
if you fall off and kill everyone I'm
Jew unlock Miller Moses fuck everyone
hate my friends good oh I did something
good yes yes here let's die here good
fuckin a meets with somebody had a
grenade with God we're riding it in
different dimensions me tweet I'm sick
of her condescending on me
this game fuckin sucks yeah bitch here
we go can you please turn around I'm
sick of you looking back at me yes bitch
bye turn around oh my god stop looking
at me this isn't about you right
stupid dick we we he should we move be
like exploded out whoa whoa whoa fuck I
can't wait to buy tickets
fucking kill a whole family and my
friends yeah we're dying we're dying
it's great he kids where you come to
this roller coaster park when we get to
capitated and here we guys five friends
I didn't like you anyways I give scream
ride a fucking negative five out of ten
because it can literally play itself and
I don't know how I know those people and
I want them to get away from me so
literally the worst game I've ever
played I would rather play hunger strike
the video game how do I set destination
destination I have to get this thing all
the way over there guys so it's work how
come I can't go to my shit you're all
yeah but I want to go inside of it I
want to see what's in there do we have
snacks in there I'm fucking hungry man
do I get to play this game or is this
just called watch me go through a
wormhole for tennis look how pretty it
is out what's that is that my home
planet
how is my destiny to stand here and
watch somebody fucking blow it up is
that what this game is who's that I want
that through my friend well who's this
well can i play with him why can't I
talk to him well okay look at this man
yeah how come he's not respecting me for
doing that
oh somebody just valeted their ship real
too close to me I don't like it do like
P Diddy or something in there is this
the VMAs here I am come fuck with me
high pony dance with me hello have you
seen my hair so super fleek Oh escapes
socks huh we're on a picnic wait Allah
give me what did i do my friend oh okay
hey I like this can I go up there I want
to go to that planet thank you what was
everyone why am I getting shot at how do
I shoot my gun oh yeah how do I get back
on how do I get back on how did you
burned how to get burned oh no I did I'm
sorry I forgot where my dad I don't know
dad dad here I come come on fuck you old
bitch
like this ride how come I can't go
anywhere if there's a mall or anything
fun
I'm sure it's getting real just go back
you gonna die you will die today in your
crotch huh
Hiroko so damn big-ass dick I give
destiny like a negative 4 out of 10
because like it was so dumb and I don't
know nobody wants to dance with me so
why would I ever play that I wouldn't
neither should be oh yeah Marina let's
go to the Yas Marina 90% of video games
are just sitting here waiting to play a
video game this is awful
I'm driving a Mazda fucking Ford I mean
if this is all it takes to be a
professional race car driver and pretty
sure as you get a new job because I'm
crushing it
don't touch me fucking asshole go zero
to demolition derby real quick bitch
fuck out of my way
whoo I'm winning but they're losers
I can't go fast at all this is the
fastest I can go Anna bruh it's probably
cuz I'm driving a fucking Mazda slick
driving to the doctor's 500 is the idiot
see do you have to like light a cigar to
drive that car a Lamborghini just drive
it up for the Hollywood Hills in my
Lamborghini
it's like Mario Kart for people that get
boners from cars yeah
these bitches keep coming from wall to
wall all right when do I get like a like
a banana peel die you're gone let's give
these people what they paid for my
driver sucks I blame him he has bad
instincts nobody fucking with me ain't
nobody fucking with me oh what a way to
sightsee huh
okay I'm pretty sure I'm doing much
better this way
there's no jumps or anything like
instead of buying this game with your
money dollars you should just get a job
and then drive to it I give this game a
fucking negative 10 out of 10 because
there's no banana peels and there's no
jumps and it's fucking stupid
so I don't know why you'd ever play it
who should I be the test your might
tower cuz you like have to chop shit I
really like it should I be ooh sounds
like an appetizer like at a Mexican
restaurant focus your might oh it's
focus yah score oh you big bitch you
good for you
you and your little regular arms and
your t-rex arms yeah look at my ponytail
I think or should I have a voice that
doesn't match his body at all hey guys
it's me Goro oh shit oh my god my hand
oh hey guys it's me Goro and I'm here on
a brick pile on a right a tough my mind
I'm gonna focus my mind oh it's so
focused and hey yeah it's me girl um I
don't know but I like that along with
having small arms coming out of his
abdomen he also has extra shoulders on
those are how okay but he has two sets
of shoulders how come he only has one
set of nipples fuck me and I'm gonna get
lit
hey guys it's me Goro welcome my channel
okay I'm gonna show you how to chop this
platinum bust in half cuz i'm like
texting my might right now oh no I died
sorry for that last time I went to Italy
to mention really quick but I'm back now
okay know so here's my tutorial I'm
gonna focus all my might right honest
Adam boss right here my ponytails on
fleek fuck yes oh my hand oh my god I'm
being taken over by a demon spirit out
my head fall hey guys so it's me Goro
yeah I just can't figure out how to
focus my might okay well I'm gonna live
by the words of the secret shit I wasn't
even ready
Kokomo welcome back to my channel it's
me Carl
so I went to another dimension for a
little bit but I'm back now shit umm ok
see me one second I gotta pick up my
Oregon cuz they got hooked out of my
bodies the real tutorial this time this
is the real tutorial yeah it's me girl
this guy's not even close so sorry guys
I can't show you how to kill that thing
because I got electrocuted so I gotta go
bye thanks for visiting my channel I'm
Goro even though all I played was that
part of Mortal Kombat I read Mortal
Kombat like a fucking a 9 out of 10
because I liked Goro's channel yeah so I
mean all those games really sucked and I
sucked at all of them and I'm glad that
some of you guys like video games like
this and after the last video you guys
told us that we should make a twitch
channel that you would watch it so we
did that and I'm gonna link it in the
description down below just in case you
have watches for me suck at video games
do you mind
will you pick a spot and sit in it well
naughty I hope that you liked this video
if you like video games because I know
just watching it just makes you so happy
and
it's not frustrating though oh not least
Jana I don't feel any of that
I know just you're watching me be so
good and then you take notes and you're
like how can I'm gonna be back in
alright make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday / Thursday I'll see you guys
next week and - love you if you don't
subscribe I'll find you and cut you I
look at a candle bye ah oh my god
what's it doing okay bye
