hello and welcome to blind date
adventures this week's episode to new
strangers going on a blind date
this is blind date adventures sup my
name's BJ stands for banana Joey got
that nickname in college for eating the
most bananas while getting a blowjob how
much am I getting paid for this again
my name is muck I'm sorry what did I
stutter I said my name is mop does that
mock like a joke
mock-mock-mock how old are you I'm 27 I
just turned 18 you don't really look 18
what have you ever had a serious
girlfriend
oh I mean one time I held a girl's hand
while we were playing a drinking game so
it was pretty serious because I wanted
to win I'm undefeated in drinking games
yeah for like three years but he was
always on the road doing gigs and he was
really just going in one direction and I
was going in another he's Harry Styles
you might have heard of him you dated
Harry Styles when you were 15 did you
even hear me why would you ask that I
said I did plus he gave me this bracelet
and there's the only one in the world
like it that's definitive proof okay I
miss you Harry what do you like to do in
your free time
three words porn drinking with my bros
tea with grandma playing pick-up
basketball with my Bros in Mortal Kombat
in real life I'm sorry did you say
getting tea with Grandma yeah it is that
your grandma ah my grandma your grandma
anybody's grandma does really matter I
just I like to you and all the grandmas
so you know I don't understand promise I
like to make Beauty videos you can
subscribe I also like to make fun of
poor people's makeup you can subscribe
for that too and I also like to dance
like way better than anyone like way
better than anyone so you want to show
us
some of those dance moves okay okay
that'll be $75 I'm not giving out
lessons for free this isn't a charity
what's your biggest fear in life
probably losing a drinking game and um
you know maybe that my dad will never
accept me as a man oh thank you
oh I'm sorry dad I love you I represent
back yeah yeah oh he never said back I'm
sorry okay becoming poor like you
although that'll never happen also
growing old old people are gross
have you ever seen your grandma I wish I
hadn't seen mine I fucking hate her
she's gross what do you look for in a
girl
big tits doesn't talk very much minimal
daddy issues even more minimal dad okay
well to start he's got to be six seven
but if he's not six seven he could be
any other head it really doesn't matter
he just needs to play a sport I gonna be
like rugby and really hurting each other
I want him to die in games so are you
ready to meet your blind date oh I'm
ready yeah
but I mean it better be Nile or Zayn
Malik cuz if it's not I'm gonna be
pissed
now it's time for the blind dates to
meet their blind dates let's see how the
blind date goes blind date hi um I'm BJ
Penn mom nice to meet you oh you're like
Oh way more to action I thought you'd be
really I'm so jealous of your tits oh
all these you can barely see them oh you
must have spent a long time in your hair
yeah I did must be really hot you can
totally like put it off if you want oh
my god really I'm sweating like a pig
thank you so much you can totally take
off your hat too if you're really hot
really I was trying to impress you look
nice Bob really hot it's nothing that
great of a hat take it off looks way
better Thanks
so you're very real facial hair yeah
it's all natural isn't it great is yours
natural - I'm Josh you not everyday I
hide behind this mouse pizza - oh my god
you don't have to hide
don't be the real you
oh my god now I can see you I bet your
dad would love you just the way you are
if you show them your true self now you
can wipe mine off you're the most
beautiful name I've ever seen you're
like the most beautiful woman I've ever
seen but you're such a babe do you wanna
fuck the shit out of you yeah I want you
to rip off my shirt you want pink
slammin ass call me Mommy
so cheetah hmm I have no idea what just
happened what the fuck was that tune in
next week for more blind date adventures
on blind date adventures blind date
adventures
what China what was that you guys been
requesting on my facebook for like weeks
now to have boy Jenna and MOC go on a
blind date so instead of making that I
just made something else so this is your
fault I blame you you did this came out
a little weird but then again so does
everything that I do so make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out videos
every Wednesday very level
