Wow everyone give a very warm welcome to
Shea Jocelyn for a clubbing yay yay I'm
so nervous and excited to be here why
did you make that cuz I don't want you a
channel since the day I was born
we're all we're so fucking old I've been
watching you since before I started
making YouTube videos so you know that
I'm really excited I'm really nervous
and I really hope that I don't say
anything racist or offensive stop Shay
and I have been friends for a while but
we've never made a video together
no let's just let's just make some weird
shit I want to get so fucking weird that
you guys leave I want to get so fucking
we're that you guys leave we might just
need a little more time to me so today
we are going to be playing with
headphones and listening to what are we
doing we all want to use the speech
jammer app because Julian was using it
and I was fucking dying laughing I want
to do own a speech jam but like song
lyrics the speech Jim is when you're
trying to talk but it won't like you
because it's playing your voice or so
yeah delays it in dear headphones I feel
like we should try it out so we know
what we're getting ourselves okay hi my
name is shizz yeah hi my name is Shayna
my name is Shane hi my name is Jenna and
say hi my name is Jenna I'm gonna go
really well I want you to read a song we
can take each other's songs okay you're
gonna give me something like 89 words
energy I want you to read a saga we've
been singing all day oh no what she that
camera dolly she pad
I think it'd be fun we can sing some
songs some youtubers song to the actual
songs I gotta practice his voice yeah yo
Kevin down so make a money on bondo take
seconds oh okay I would just like
everybody to know that Cameron dalas she
bad at lyrics was already in my history
she bad she bad she knows she bad she
bad bad money my feisty island zone
where I got I got this monitor body eyes
awesome
a body con finite system rolling pizza
party is going up I want your fridge
overnight too bad she can't be suitable
yeah am i rich yet and my Cameron dalas
yet all right I'm gonna give you a song
that I just showed you recently it just
felt smile your dick I don't text your
bed it's like a boy smell for my grandma
what the fuck is you doing who the fuck
is is you did you do dad my girls
already John cousin need them put me up
on your ass so much why are you coming
home 5:00 in the morning
something's going on can I smell yo dick
he was on the dance ridin with a
stripper holding the diamond do you
floss and Hardy was shinin everything
she dragged you by and fuck and where'd
you miss a little I can't do it I
wouldn't hang out with this girl who is
oh you wanted a new bitch - fuck you is
that fine don't but don't but don't fuck
ours then you try to fuck mine you keep
telling me you ain't touch her
but you keep some telling me said done
fucked her
please shit so I got out of that nothing
no idea what you're saying I want to
give you some shadows blog with me
Fox fuck with me fuck with me bitch -
won't be me okay you know it does smell
like a boss you grow bags you can't tell
me you have the king of the boyfriend
tag talk with you box fuck I did perfect
chain you're dead I'm so proud this is
Ricky Dillon ordinary
but
you just crushed it
like I can't do anything better than
that
you got one last chance all right can
you stop I don't know any like lyrics
like you you just slave my fucking body
we're gonna keep the YouTuber thing
going alright another youtuber song
since we don't want to get sued you have
super woman's hashtag late gotta blow
this out of the park okay you gotta bail
last my friend Johnny started like love
of my ass would tweet about life and
it's hard and all my god we live in free
you didn't know reg sing drama queens
with your friends but girl you don't
want a crown on your head legs you OMG
mu ridiculous Casal OMG LOL oh my lo you
are serious Oh Angie lol you gotta stand
there
ridiculous without a loss something love
tucking in that gun every time you walk
around those laughs oMG Allah
you gotta sound like you just collect
this house oMG go allows I'm sound like
us as well
I think we're done yeah I think the
winner should be judged by how much
sweat they have on their show been a key
where's shit Thank You Shane for coming
and someday we'll make like a real
videos you need to get out of the
fucking way you just get out of now this
is like the first time like we knew it
was gonna be bloody we knew it was gonna
hurt and it was gonna be kind of
regretful but we had to get it out of
the way and then the next time we're
gonna bring in toys we're gonna get
crazy we're gonna be fisting it's gonna
be nuts
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out new videos videos every
Wednesday Black Thursday and you can
subscribe subscribe to my friends shames
channel I know you know who he is you
can buy it I hate my selfie she's got a
podcast called Seamus Jane with Shane in
France oh you just put out an app called
corny Christ Tony gradua basically his
dog and he just would be usually play
his dog and he runs around stuff and
it's really fun I like that
the other yeah Shane is just bad look I
like she's a like Shane five bike
I love you guys thanks for watching I
think dogs hope you guys like this video
and also on Shane's Channel we recorded
a video of us watching some fart foreign
so if you'd like to see that head over
to Shane's channel try Alevi fans by
fancy news week
