copyrighted music I'm always putting
copyrighted music in my videos and never
getting in trouble for it haha copy
written music guys welcome back to my
channel Oh super duper highly requested
on my last video community to a current
favorites and simple DIY video this week
I know most of you are on a budget
aren't we all like especially you so I'm
going to show you how to make some easy
things and also my current favorite so
just keep watching okay know that you're
already watching but just keep watching
if you're watching right now but just
keep watching so since the weather is
getting warmer my new current favorite
is this cute easy updo that literally
takes minutes to do it is perfect for a
girl on the go all you're gonna need is
these virgin $12,000.00 hair extensions
a teasing comb dry shampoo hairspray
hairspray hairbrush coconut oil Moroccan
oil all you maizing move Tommy hair ties
a clip your hands and a smile so first
you're going to coat your hair with some
of the products and then brush it and
then put in the oils and spray dry
shampoo and Beach spray and then curl
your hair section by section it's okay
if it's not like super curly you just
want like the essence of curl and then
you're gonna take your teasing comb and
you tease up all your hair and then set
it with hairspray and then you're gonna
take your extensions one by one god I'm
such a nerd and you're gonna section off
your hair and you're going to clip each
extension in upside down and you're
gonna keep doing that all over your
entire head because $12,000 gets you an
awful lot of fucking hair so you better
put it all in your head now tease the
top of your head and set it with
hairspray I'm gonna clip up the top part
your hair in the name for the recipe
hair and a messy bun just pull out some
loose strands and voila
beautiful carefree updo that literally
took you just minutes so perfect for
every day I could just stop very basic
bitch I wanted to accessorize a little
bit more so I paired it with a solid
gold headband but they don't sell in the
stores you can find it I'm sure you use
like rope or something and kept things
simple with these diamond Tiffany
earrings you can get them at like your
local Tiffany's they're out like corners
of like places my current makeup
obsession has been like no makeup
whatsoever at all except for this
hundred dollar bronzer that you can't
even buy anywhere but oh my god is to
die for like look how perfect this looks
it's amazing and there you go those are
my current favorites for my hair and
makeup I absolutely love this look it's
so simple and casual can do it every
single day just completely obsessed
let's move on to easy DIY so basically
the whole world right now is going
through a giant drought so what better
DIY then to make your own water so easy
first gonna take a big glass carafe and
fill it up with water then heat up a pot
and then pour the water into the pot and
gently whisk the watermen he's the
masher to mash the water until boiled
and traits are the boiling water into a
glass bowl put the bowl in the microwave
for two minutes and then take the bowl I
have a shallow pan with truffle oil with
the water into the pan and then bake for
three minutes take the water out
transfer into a Tupperware container the
Tupperware container in the freezer to
sleep no seriously I'm sleeping wake up
the next morning take your top we're out
of the freezer and voila - delicious
homemade water that saves the planet my
next simple DIY for summer is to make
your own bikini bikinis can be expensive
so don't pay that make your own all
you're gonna use one new bikini top and
a brand new t-shirt either spot to cut
up cut out new fabric for the top and
just hot glue it into place you don't
even need that much hot glue because of
hot glue waterproof so it stays really
well and just get some paint and just
paint on a brand new design the design I
chose this blobs then just dab a little
more hot glue and you can start adding
accessories like this chain then just
cover the whole thing in hot glue then
just keep adding whatever accessories
you want on top of it then hit them with
a hammer there you have it your very own
homemade bikini it's like way cuter and
cooler than like any store-bought bikini
ever and it's amazing and perfect for my
last huge DIY I went to the store and I
got a ton of wood oh my god like so much
wood looks so heavy and this old door
and they sanded down the wood and then I
stained the wood and I hammered it all
together and then I drilled it all
together
voila this gorgeous dining room table
that I made all by myself I know it
might look hard but I promise you it's
like super cheap and easy it's perfect
so there you guys have it and current
favorites and some simple DIYs that you
guys can do at hope you guys enjoyed the
study alright I'll see you next time bye
hi my name is Jenna and I need to go to
troll rehab because I can't stop
trolling true life I can't stop trolling
no disrespect for the DIY ador style or
beauty community just like to troll a
little bit and though also really though
I was watching some DIYs I was like I
can't do any of that I don't know what
you're talking about
I gave do any of that so I just made a
video that I think she exists it's just
you know my fucking favorites and sub D
how maybe it's just me maybe I'm the one
they can't do this shit but fuck man I'm
just like I can't stop trolling and I
think I need help just the first step in
getting help is admitting that you have
a problem I have a problem with trolling
alright make sure you subscribe to our
channel infinitive is every Wednesday /
Thursday / come on you know what I'm
gonna upload it sometime in there okay
just between Wednesday and Thursday not
Tuesday and not Friday same page all
right I mean now that my hair is like
super fleet and liked it up and I'm like
I look really hot I'm gonna go I'm like
be hot because I'm just so hot alright
see you guys next week bye friends
peachie go say goodbye bye guys they
said bye
okay
