Jenna we're even are you even we're even
are you I'm just sitting against a blank
wall
we got a purple light that's all what
yeah purple light yeah it goes all
different colors fucking future we're
living in it so I have made a bunch of
these videos what a girls blank means
and I realize that I've never done one
for all of my guys out there are all of
you ladies out there that want to know
what a guys blank means so I decided now
is a great time to start including the
guys in this magical series I have going
because I know everything about
everything you can see it hanging up on
the wall says I have a PhD in everything
I decided that for my first topic was
going to be what a guy's facial hair
means and not to be insensitive to
genders here ladies can have facial hair
too ok I see you Kathy Bates but for the
sake of a title let's just say what a
guy's facial hair means game cool with
that ok because your facial hair serves
as a source of self-expression like your
hair or your clothes and the way that
you wear your facial hair can say a lot
about you as a person so without further
ado here is what a guy's facial hair
means a guy that's clean-shaven means
I'm 12 or it means I'm 11 or it means
I'm 9 okay stop it
or it means I hate my boss and my job
but I'm a slave to corporate America
that that the last row the burned
building gum I told you it's gonna be
cake or it means my face might be smooth
but I make up for it with my hairy dick
and my swamp ass a five o'clock shadow
means five o'clock shadow you mean happy
hour shadow it also means no Kathy I
can't swing by the store on my way home
and get a rotisserie chicken you've been
home all day can't you do it and your
parents have been in town for three
weeks what are they leaving shut the
kids up oh yeah can I get the mozzarella
sticks and two Jager bombs yeah two one
for now and one for now
Thanks stubble means my Twitter bio
reads as follows
actor artists philanthropists self me
mine ah
it also means I need to keep a little
bit of hair on my face because if I
don't have any people keep trying to
lure me into their cars with candy kind
of look like a baby in the face you know
what I mean it's also representative of
how I treat all of my relationships
unattended to a regular mustache means
without this you would never recognize
me
it also means I like my women like I
like my beer in my mouth in Mexico
domestic is fuck it also means I have
unreasonably strong forearms dad
strength the eighth wonder of the world
a creepy mustache means I'm winning at
puberty or it means oh can I pay for
this massage in Bitcoin or it means I'm
gonna go back to school and become the
clown kids love clowns I love kids kids
love me a Hitler mustache means I'm
Hitler you sure you can't have those
anymore a curl the mustache means I
don't wear ties I only wear wooden bow
ties or it means I have a vintage camera
tattooed on my outer thigh but when you
look at it from the side it looks like a
raptor high-fiving David Hasselhoff it's
rad
and also any variation of a long
mustache means I deliver things to
people on my bike
also my bike was your bike you should
get a better luck next time or it means
oh you like my mustache it goes really
well with my privilege a pencil-thin
mustache means more pennies vivace Allah
mantra Daum son Kamala PMMA farm comb
jellies mmm Mon fromage me Akula votre
France bukkake did a goatee means son
this here is your penis or it means
to be three years to learn how to do
that right a man no dad a chinstrap
beard means I use my chinstrap for
safety in case that trip over all this
pussy I'm gonna strap my chin right into
that pussy mom can I rent this month
try to save money cuz pussy ain't free
right mom a full Manchu means ha ha I'm
a villain a soul patch means I sold all
of my livingroom furniture for this
leather vest worth it
it also means I'm banned from three
hardrock locations
it also means I have the mullet
equivalent for facial hair business
everywhere else except the party right
here dad aggressive sideburns mean I
can't play music sing or be dead like
Elvis but I can have his sideburns or it
means the only reason I grow these out
is to piss you off a long chin beard
means I'm not on my motorcycle or
carrying my helmet everyone still knows
how hard I ride it also means I love
metal death metal do metal and death and
roll and Christian metal and ice cream
my likes include my concealed carry
dating your mom and valet parking my
dislikes scissors a way over style beard
means my facial hair is the only thing I
have control over in my life or it means
I'm feeling impulsive but I can't afford
a tattoo so give me some lightning or it
means I'm Guy Fieri a super long beard
means if I've had it for a long time I'm
Santa if I just screw it it's my
instability beard no seriously I'm like
going through some really weird shit
right now
like a fucking loose cannon ha it also
means why go to get food when you could
just go to my beard all kinds of stuff
in there just like a pantry Apache or
spotty beard that doesn't grow in all
the way means I've always wanted to grow
facial hair and now that I can I can't a
neckbeard means I'm Amish I'm Jonah Hill
or they said I could become anything so
I became the shaft of the penis
okay sorry sorry
and lastly a beard with a shaved neck
means I'm a billionaire
fuck off so yeah that's what a guy's
facial hair means uh just because I know
fucking everything so hopefully this
helps you when you meet a guy or you are
a guy and you just wanted to know what
your facial hair said about you now you
know thanks Jenna you're welcome make
sure you subscribe to my channel I put
out new videos every Wednesday slash
Larry's a slash you know in those
general two days so everybody calm down
yawn I was also on an episode of hey USA
with me Murray I'll put the links in the
description so you can check that out it
was really fucking awesome time we went
to Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg Tennessee
and the fun ensued where you look great
it melted
I got an Apple watch and it just keeps
telling me to stand up so I'm a sheeple
