hello there are you between the ages of
0 and 17 kindly click away and have a
great day are you 18 and over and can
vote in the United States well hello
there new BFF I'm Hillary Clinton and I
recently announced via social media that
I'm running for president in 2016 I know
how important the younger demographic is
that's why I wanted to make this video
just for you you little ad D consumers
of media so that you can get a better
idea just how amazing I am before any of
you sexist individuals point out the
obvious
how can she run for president without
leaving her kitchen I decided to go
ahead and film this video from my
kitchen which is better than yours you
see I'm just like you
hard-working American have millions of
dollars and I care about you you're
African American I care about you you're
an immigrant I care about you your
middle class I care about you you're the
homosexual I care about you you're an
african-american immigrant middle class
homosexual because I'm just like you
I even like all the same things that you
do I love the vines Deez Nuts got in I'm
friends with Oprah I'm a regular on the
tweeter totter just like you notice me
senpais l 5 seconds of summer sin pals
notice me oh that was quick sin pals
noticed me I love updating my snapchat
with snippets of my daily life hello
snapchat
selphie sure still touch my hair and
went to fucking Yale I pay attention to
popular culture look here's me doing the
Kylie Jenner lip challenge oh it didn't
work because I don't suck just like you
I'm constantly updating my facebook to
connect with the people that worship me
George Clooney and Meryl Streep are
coming over for dinner tonight
hashtag going up on a Tuesday I watch
all the same television shows as you
like house of cards I just love that
Claire underwood right former President
Bill Clinton don't speak I didn't ask
you to speak go practice your saxophone
haha I'm always updating my Instagram
with pictures of me just being a regular
person this is me laughing notice the
absence of cavities I know your
insurance doesn't cover dental but mine
sure does what niggas that's insecure
ones I like to keep up to date with all
the latest dance crazes watch me whip
watch me nae nae my bank account has
more digits than your phone number my
book hard choices is all about the hard
choices I've had to make throughout my
career but you know what the real hard
choices Kobe beef or lobster for dinner
am i right middle class ha ha to be more
relatable to a younger generation here's
something I've been working on for all
of you young people out there yo I never
fuss way they never fucked drink
let me be your president I was running
through this 6 with my votes that's what
you should give me ha I'm just like you
young people here's a video of me doing
a popular YouTube challenge Oh women's
rights ah I'm the champion for women's
rights so you see I'm just like you
young people you should let me run your
country here's my campaign
get on the Twitter hashtag I am Hillary
Clinton what swimming if you're watching
this channel you have a sense of humor
keep it that way anyways at least my
hair it's leaked so subscribe
