Hey so it's been a long time since since
November since I've made any sort of
drunk video and I know on my Facebook
people have been requesting drunk sex ed
for a really long time I just got to
figure it out it's just kind of got bad
juju written a Humphrey but someone
suggested that I make a drunk
infomercial so I was like you know who I
love on YouTube is fucking bunny
graveyard girl she does all of these as
seen on TV reviews a lot of them are
really shitty like a lot of them I
genuinely going to the store and want to
try and although bunny has done like all
of these basically like actual reviews I
really just wanted to fucking get drunk
and try some fucking as seen on tv shit
so I got what I could find this isn't
really like a Jenner's drunk art school
or a tutorial it's kind of like a drug
review which I've never done which I'm
excited about
I like eating things I've never done
before so I'm gonna get drunk and I'm
gonna fucking play with some as seen on
tv shit it's fucking shadow to you buddy
graveyard girl you might pay dough you
might pay okay BAE okay I see you don't
do it it's affordable champagne so first
thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put on a
festive outfit I would like a three-way
hug show that is many versatile styles
and looks okay close your eyes let's
review the looks hoodie I mean I looked
a lot like an uncircumcised penis casual
is like your your cowl-neck dick and
then off the show this is professional
Oh
hire me so give it a three out of ten
this is how you know you're drunk you're
wearing a 3-way poncho that is a phantom
saucer the illusion that's out of this
world oh I can't wait to have it that's
it and some instructions in a weird car
that north
I'm gonna read this for like three
seconds like unless it says put it in
your hand have a great time I don't have
time for it there's strain oh my god oh
it's magic at all this the scam you're
telling me you guys fit this little
fucking hair through a pinhole all right
here's the the magic phantom saucer
guess what I'm fuckin too drunk to make
this be magic there you go Criss Angel
you're welcome all I know is I'm too
lazy to ever be a magician like fuck my
review of the phantom saucer is like
zero out of zero because fuck you blushy
magic max there's a straw and a weird
fucking spoon for you to eat you dick
whoa the fuck is this magic freezer
cubes made in China place magic freezer
cubes into freezer and breathe
completely no I wanna ain't nobody got
time to make a slushy in six hours like
Omega slushie in my blender a great
slushy magic like a zero out of zero
also because like understand the fuck
you're doing
good work Thanks ha Hughes let's try
some fucking hot Hughes yeah my current
hair color is called my hairdresser has
been in Europe helpful hands wear a
towel la la la la la your hair should be
for your products oh good fucking luck
bitch for a light mist of primer what I
don't have that that didn't work at all
I mean alright I guess it's like pretty
dope now you're gonna go my level hair
my review of hot fuse is like a like a 4
out of 10 girl hey if your mom says no
hot goose is fuck yeah it's just chalk
bitch night vision so it gives you a
in picture of some traffic and like oh
it's all glaring and reflective okay I'm
sitting in front of a light that's
relatively reflective so let's see nope
still sucks these things suck zero out
of zero fuck off my favorite commercial
in television is the guy that holds this
up to his ear goes ah I'm very excited
ah it's in my ear doesn't feel right I
don't like it I fucking hate it
oh okay so when do I see what it's
vacuumed out of my ear never it's not
like I didn't take this apart Oh
again I get that product too fucking
negative five out of zero fuck off next
thing we got some squishy sand this is
really awesome
I get squishy sand like a ten out of ten
this is really fun and awesome secret
color
oh girl put it on like a headband you
know no one will see this invisible
string in your head I'm sorry just had a
seizure of how ridiculous that was but
okay does this look natural to you yes
would you fuck me yes look Bay yeah and
no one can tell it's so fucking natural
like this is literally the most natural
fucking hairdo
I've ever seen in my life
so the next product I want to review is
the pedegg my feet are little gross only
because I'm been wearing these black
flip-flops I'm like cheese creating my
feet terrifying I don't like this this
could get really dangerous really fast I
give the pedegg original a 0 out of
fuckin negative 50 because what the fuck
I was desperately searching for the
pedegg power thing that you can get but
the best I can do is micro petty ah
power sanding my toes okay
it just ate my toes and this would be
right at all you can literally see these
dust particles flying off which means
that this is a great thing stuck on my
linking
it's okay except that ruin my pedicure
that I gave myself so I'm gonna give it
a fuck off out of fucking to juggle
bubbles
let's do help why don't you just stay
orange colored winter gloves I have
these ate some shit fill out and wear
your bubbles Annie's shit
alright take your shit and then like
blow shit touch it with your hands and
finger it and blow it all around got it
okay alright wrap things up can I get
some help as to how I juggled the
bubbles oh you have to wiggle Oh after
you blow the bubbles you have to jerk
them off into your hand what's in it for
me though
what juggle bubbles zero all I do right
now is play with my squishy sand which
is probably one of the only positive
things that I bought but on the rest of
this shit terrifying a shitty useless
and fuck off except for my three-way
macho that is hope you guys like this
video and if you ever want me to review
anything else ever drunk just let me
know make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday such you know
