hi friends ah so I need to be a hundred
percent honest with you I already shot a
video today and it's never gonna see the
light of day because it was an awesome
Kim Kardashian contouring tutorial all
on my Kylie Jenner lip tutorial and it
turned out black facie so as I was
shooting it I was like oh my god I can't
do anything with this this is fucking
offensive sometimes you know you have an
idea that you want to do and it compel
blackface II so then you just gotta do
something else and that was not my
intention at all I thought it was gonna
be perfect I thought it'll look like a
painting but I didn't know you did not
you look like this I did I looked like
the moon emojis fat emoji is black yeah
yeah that moon emoji is like this so I
got one of these I just got my nails
done like gel manicure all the time and
I was thought one of these little lights
in the store the other day and I was
like damn dude I wish I could fucking do
my own gel nails so I bought one and
it's actually pretty dope like I did
mine after made an accent Oh blackface
video I was like alright Julian get over
here so I'm going to doing fucking nails
today so you've gotten your nails done
before I've gotten them like cleaned and
cut yes Amanda Manning yeah yeah make
your manicure I have not gotten colors
nor gels nor any of whatever glitter gel
as I see so I'm super disappointed
because from my what a girl's nails me
and I had those like big long tips that
I wanted to put on you if you like these
nails
maybe someday I'll give you some
beautiful acrylics well I think that
would blow your mind but we'll stir up
slow but I've seen other girls do their
boyfriends nails like paint them I
haven't seen anyone give their boyfriend
a gel manicure this is the new thing as
noir acrylic gel manicure tag tag you're
it and we set up a little camera here so
that you can see a nice glial cam
I've got some nail glitters and some
jewels I've got some blue and purple gel
polish I just really want to make you
look fleek the fuck fleek them the fuck
out please
oh I came here to get my nails fleet and
I intend on leaving out
Jenna's ratchet nail salon so the first
step in you doing your nails is you
gotta put these gel eye pads on whoops
it's part of the experience they go on
your eyes so that you you're relaxed my
eyes have nothing to do with anything
okay overnight you need me to open this
carry Johnny's ratchet salon we're
really good at service work just how
many eyes on my eyes oh look this is the
opposite of relaxing no it feels oh you
know this feels like like I went to a
sushi dinner and put the food on my face
we don't need a file my nails are kept
I'm kept I mean there's a bunch push
back the cuticle orchid no no I don't I
just push back he feels a little bit
what no I don't even know what you just
said but it's fine my name is Jim like
be push back your cuticles okay whatever
it's just a little bit do you think I'll
just put this remover on it literally
dissolves your skin away that's
comforting okay just let it like sit for
a second and then all your skin will
yawn oh my nails on your cuticle okay
you just you just said the words all
your skin will be gone so does that feel
good that feels as good as it could when
someone's stabbing at your nails back
natural day is coming they're gonna be
fucking the jump off it's a conversation
starter a grown man with like glittery
nails wouldn't you want to talk to them
I'm just gonna go to work and sit at my
desk with hands in my pocket like no you
know you should do is go to your desk
and type as loud as you can
this is just that that's clear there's
no even yell possibly it's a base polish
so you put a little bit of this on so
then your nails are like ready for the
color stop moving them all around
my nails were ready for the color my
nails ready for everything you gotta
hold them there until it beeps no not
that night leave your thumb out is it
fun or what what what it's what lay your
hand flat lay your hand flat all right
now my nails are done tanning so now
this is what is his downtime that whoa
dumb hurry let's go
so unflexible one for this it feels good
no you're so relaxed I'm good inside the
lines you gotta need to leave me a tip
oh my god of time there wow oh my god
was it a thin coat didn't tell me
anything about this this hurts I was
supposed to a thin goal but I said it
too thick so then it hurt do you want to
be hot no okay me your middle finger no
you're looking so bad what a week I
can't you're gonna have to figure it out
I'm not flexible enough for I'm getting
like a few people don't move stop don't
do that don't smell it that's good no it
does it it does Julian we just did is
called huffing not good for you are you
even trying to stay inside way yes it
takes a lot of work to get fleet you
missed a spot
no I didn't I don't know how the glitter
works but I'm just assuming that if you
dump it on here it'll stick oh my god
okay move your finger no no not too much
you can make a mess mess it was a
fucking bomb your nails look better than
my nails go with it get in there nice
and deep lie do ah hurts whoa you're
gonna do that hi oh my god wait I want a
flower okay take the gel things off my
face yeah go ahead
police relaxing thing I've ever done and
it's just coming nail polish everyone
what you did Giuliana you said it I said
it no you said you did and you lied put
a key in there Oh got it back in the
but not a tanning salon a bloodbath down
there stop coughing this is a lot all
right it's like done all right you gotta
fucking put it please oh that one just
committed to it you know what do they
don't pet me with your weird hands don't
don't
I'm trying to focus oh those ones are on
there huh they fleek oh fuck they really
are don't do that don't do that don't
pick them off oh my god you really did
my mouth
yeah and these should last for like two
weeks nice job Thanks I mean they're a
little bumpy in places because you're
moving your fat fingers all around Wow
all you need to do now is put like 700
rings on and take a bunch of Instagram
pictures and then I have like an
Instagram career right after yeah these
are Julian's nails you can flee how was
your first experience with gel nails it
was good I mean there's literally
glitter everywhere and cemented onto my
nails so it's a good thing I don't have
work in the morning a way to do this
nail with all the gems in it I'm gonna
call it zoo zoo zoo when I come in and I
want that I'm just gonna say hey do zoo
and you either gonna appreciate my
services that are you can get out I
can't get out make sure guys subscribe
to my channel but out new videos every
Wednesday / Thursday sometimes when you
make a video that doesn't come out right
yous gonna fucking give your boyfriend
instead of gel nails fuck yeah alright
I'll see you guys it's a boy boy I'm
gonna do my nails yours looks so good
please I want to do mine I know
