you put in your weird badge on me so I
think since I started on YouTube but
it's been requested
yeah good yelling for me to do a gaming
video because it was like all the rage
for a while people to make like a gaming
channel I never went that far while ago
truly an uploaded video of me playing
destiny and just crying laughing because
I'm so bad at video games and so we got
a game capture thing and I really just
wanted to try and place the new games
because I don't play any of these brand
new that know me I play iPad games like
hardcore
but like video games no I don't really
play them at all ever
I like I'm really bad like I'm pretty
sure that Julian's reaction everyone's
reaction to me like stop it to me
playing video games just like a mixture
of anger and hatred and laughing and
since you guys let me make everything is
glued last week I figured that I would
do something that was a little less
lucky not that much luckier but like a
little less lucky let's do it I want to
place the fuckin game spin it's gonna be
weird help me pick I was ginger giant
James with freckles okay he looks so hot
oh I don't fuck with you Jane how do I
guess I'm done okay but I want to be
done well now let me just add a couple
of things real quick I want to read this
on time
Julian look what's the point of this
okay how do I grab some cash the zombies
can't get to the ATM all they can how do
i how do I beat him up I'm trying I
don't know how to beat him all I know
how to do somersault now he's just
showing me a bird what kind of game is
this all I can do is somersault
fuck with me fuck with me I dare you
just got lit but like how do you fight
them I don't have any weapons well it
didn't tell me where to go
I'm pressing every button that there is
and all I can do is somersault all right
well I'm a July everybody
my hair is on fleek okay we're here Mike
supposed to be it's hard for me to pay
attention and where to go when I'm just
getting attacked by zombies I don't
think induce somersault away ex a then X
what's it fixed why wait what's okay X
Oh I'm grinding into your apartment I
have an apartment because I'm grinding
how would to love you hey pretty you
dick skip sucks yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah fuck yeah why what am I supposed to
help do all right we'll help me
understand what I'm grinding please wait
what what happened okay I'm going to the
marker I just want to grind
they just make this game but just called
grinding that's cute
I give sunset overdrive a fucking zero
out of zero sucks begin with oh no I'll
give it a 1 out of 10 because you can
grind and that's the only thing I want
to do look I'm in an office I'm in
somebody's office it's too many like
joysticks to move my head I know but
it's still it's too much we will have
you dead
good job killing this office oh I got a
camera alright so I should just look
through here wait why can't I use that
what is this how do I reload what's in
sufficient energy how do I get more
energy I'm gonna find it with my camp
there's some kid talking shit scenario
he just disappeared
well how do I grind
why am I drunk right oh I got promoted
okay so why would I play good when I
still play bad and get promoted yeah I'm
not good at these games were you're the
guy can you rate each other like uber
drivers no that's stupid you should be
able to you should be able to rate each
other okay I want to free these fish but
I can show you down where I'm going up
these stairs I'm gonna sit in this chair
oh yes why don't I just use that why do
I even bother with my gun I think is
sick irate call of duty like a 2 out of
10 it's not fun I don't recommend it
like a free ruff had to get a day job
that's what he would look like go to a
clothes store I don't see any stores I
can't flip or do anything stupid now
what do I do
hey I don't know how to see can't do
anything stuff to see if it works I
didn't know is about yeah am I stuck
how do I go backwards I think I'll get
in the fucking car
I'm lost I sit just says go to a clothes
store oh yeah I forgot I forgot
oh I'm following that yellow thing oh
shit get up riff-raff
fuck how come I can't do any job
oh is that like the my out of body view
it just went okay since then views yeah
that way whose game is so boring
well I want I just gotta go get some
clothes to it I can't turn this either
just retrace my steps all right okay
where's the store good parking spot
oh I just figured out how to kick
perfect okay what do you know please
that's it that was my objective this
game sucks
yeah how you get so icy out of jail you
so fresh out of jail though yes I'm here
to terrify you look out bitch here I go
yeah not like this guy kicks right why
can't I go over there I want to go over
there finally wanna swim in I kick it
out
Julian help me fuck I'm really good how
can you talk to anybody by
don't worry I got what just started
playing music for me my dad I did not it
oh no no my motorcycle all right give me
like ten fucking minutes while I run to
somewhere cool game sucks it's like I'm
James Bond my car is now both my car is
about alright fucking GTA 5 is more fun
than like the other ones
I'll give it a 3 out of 10 because I'm
taking off seven points cuz you have to
run everywhere and it takes like ten
fucking minutes over be weird don't make
it weird
just act natural good yeah I fucking
suck at video games and if you guys like
this video maybe I'll do something else
in the future like this and if you don't
then let's just pretend this doesn't
happen
alright sound good okay make sure you
subscribe to my channel because if you
don't I'll find you and cut you alright
I'll see you guys Thanks I like doing
fun things that have fun for the fun
time cuz I like the fun bye
