everything is glue everything is glue
don't believe me I'll show you that
everything is glue Jeff what are you go
don't just listen okay this is Kermit
the turned into thermic loose caboose
clue glue stick peach is a week and now
she is on page page who glue glue stick
these are booze but will be moobs noobs
nudes glue glue Sethe you are my friend
and you're on the Internet
net net Newt glue stick Marvel likes the
buckle on the chicken that he gobbles
wall-e wobbles bobbles Paul's pills
booze pues glue stick my name is Jenna
and you know it smells bad Hannah Hannah
who are hallway hooker ho ha you go Glen
Glen sweat plug red blue new club ten
benzene bends Denzel Washington
everything is new and everyone is new
and if you place all together then you
get Krazy Glue Tony with your hands you
should get a GU tensile when I go to
SeaWorld and Free Willy sham music glue
isn't new kazoo gun Old Men gimme guys
blue goo bluey Griffon seppuku hero to
Khepri Sun and Cape pins glue gun go
into the Congo and see guerilla goon you
can staple tape so buckle stick hammer
nail glue draw a face cut it out fluid
on new face everything is going everyone
is here with we all stick together love
each other then we glue on a room with a
boom nice to meet you how are you what
size is your shoes you chew it's a true
feat my dog's lots of food how many good
manner for you I like the Red Sox but
not the blue I could turn anything into
glue why are you doing this channel Oh
Doris brushes my boyfriend's name is
Julian this is Ryan Higa
beauty Pig Booga Tyler okay it's glue
music
Shane Douglas the fine news Kings view I
just see I just glue - we all do
I love Blue's Clues thanks Obama goose
is your person a girl yes
they may in the study with a ruse a game
of Kouga wash your hands lot so you
don't get the boost it want to go on
vacation how about Peru like the movie
anchorman with Christina Applegate don't
stop and smell the roses you should stop
and smell the game just kidding Joel
sniff glue because you are goo don't
sniff to yourself
rule number one no smelling people rule
number two is glue I got an award in
college for being Galu I am doing you
are goo boom but in boob zip again why
have sex with Lube when you could use
being what's brown is sticky
a brown glue stick around the world in
80 days on my air glue stick we aren't
humans for gubins in the Milky Way
galaxy ooh the blue naver's the horse
head nebula look over there
Halley's come gusta it only comes once
in a blue goo the moon is made of cheese
which is also known as good this videos
on glue - everything is glue and
everyone is glue Jon what the fuck is
this it's good you're fired
you're fucking fire dead nose come fuck
have you ever gotten a word stuck in
your head
subscribe glue isn't new kazoo gun old
then Jimmy guy blue goo bluey Griffin
seppuku we're already Khepri sonic cape
in yoga go into the Congo and seek
