haha yeah wareameye didn't know you
don't like challenges make sure that you
click away now three two one five basics
okay hi friends so I was watching Gina
and Jessi boyfriend for his girlfriend's
channel and they did something called
the conjoined twins channel and then
Ricky Dillon did it recently and I was
fucking dying and if ever a challenge
like really makes me laugh out loud all
I want to do is that challenge so you
basically get a shirt into pants and
then you fit yourself and another person
in them and then just do fucked up shit
sorry for having a little shit on a
bottom my fucking channel lately sorry
not sorry
so the first thing you're gonna need is
a bag Oh natural day is coming
wait you're big this is Julian name is
Fredrick he's not praying oh yeah my
name is Julian Jeana and Jesse made like
a sandwich Ricky and can just like
fucking surrounds around Oh juggle so we
got some cool stuff that I think we're
gonna have some fun with I think so dude
yes okay okay all right this is really
more the dad that I'm like really
excited but here's on fleek David love
you literally came Jimmy ate this but
it's scary that we're gonna do some
jumping jacks we all wanna practice
there is no warm already
we've not yet I'm like seriously King
joke so I do shits other side those two
girls that were born like this like how
do they find like shirtless but you know
rubbing your neck yeah I know he's we
are bad
next next anybody wants like some cardio
I'm like yeah this is not a joke okay so
we got is baseball yeah how about I fish
to you now oh honey why is walking
harder than everything sweaty all right
we're gonna do some lunges
now that we're good in suede I'm like
sweating on you yeah you
oh it's too half of that well you hope
you go home all right now those are you
good yeah we're going to the website to
bless that strong side okay oh wait
you did the wrong one all right so go
back now we got a picture mistake okay
well do you even know how to even really
skew even less
even does even what even are you even
doing even George dude fuck at roots I'm
like this special twin look you sat on
my bill to corn and I didn't get any new
cheese no you got doing one peel though
it's a challenge okay well you're like
coloring too much of the morning I'm
just trying to get a good grip on it so
you don't scratch it off face collective
face even please dropping it on the
ground you're such an animal
Oh fucking finish this I'm hungry I
won't work your fucking giant mirror
fingers I wish I wasn't half man we
should become a centaur after this okay
your fat fingers in the milk for my
family or our fat finger and that's not
my finger your have yoga oh yeah well I
don't want your calf anymore I don't
want it that should be a break let's go
back there and do a display I'm not the
one laying on my front fucking tool am i
fine you and your front would bid that
one
rich Bridget
you see that car trip let's put our hair
together look sweaty your kids like a
wet eat it no go it's all good you good
you look hot
actual torture oh my god my brain so go
ahead
Julian thank you for doing the convened
to inch allenge with me those look the
sweatiest thing ever a lot of fun this
is good to hide fun to see I hope that
we did the challenge justice I think we
still are pampered yeah see you next
week make sure you subscribe to be as
ever with me / Thursday peach get your
bad drop of everything Yahoo - I die I
love you bye
