I got no time your mom is the only thing
that I like okay so I know that this
video is now the third video in a row
that I've made just sitting here and
that that bore some of you but um I have
something on my mind and for those of
you that know me when I have something
on my mind I can't do anything but get
it off of my mind I need to just get it
out of my body and out of my life or
else it will just haunt me forever it's
a it's a catharsis for me okay I have to
get it off of my chest I'm gonna fucking
talk shit right now I'm gonna talk all
the shit that I want to talk and if you
don't like those videos you can click
away now and I'll see you next week and
I will miss you love you kisses bye but
get the fuck out because I need to be
fucking real as dick right now look I've
talked about things that I hate people
that I hate etc etc but I haven't
explicitly talked about some of my pet
peeves because there hasn't really been
an opportunity for me to there's one
thing that's really making me super
fucking angry that I want to talk about
and then I'm gonna put a couple of other
things under that umbrella so that we
can fucking hold the umbrella and let it
go in the wind and have it be the end of
it because I've had enough so the reason
why I wanted to make this video is
because I happen to follow a female
athlete who I really like I adore her
and I'm not gonna say who it is
don't even fucking try but her fucking
hair is everywhere she puts it up in
this like sloppy ass fucking ponytail
and it just gets everywhere and it it
like it
ARC's me to my core when people do not
have a hairstyle that is appropriate for
what the fuck they're doing every time I
stay here I just want to rip her fucking
hair and dip and do that shit back into
a ponytail
and say bitch stop it stop doing this to
your hair and your face and your life
and I need you to fucking not can you
not swimmers their hairstyle is
functional as fuck it's just in a rubber
cap like I give a fuck I'm gonna go swim
with my friends and race them that makes
sense I played college softball okay
we're not allowed to have our hair down
and just fucking dick around blowing our
hair in the wind
if you ever missed a play because your
hair was in your face bitch you're
benched go have a seat on the fucking
bitch that's enough of you in your hair
you're fucking cut bitch get off the
team or you can go fucking join the
cheerleading squad
they're over there not even the good
cheerleaders you can go join your church
school fucking cheerleading squad
because the good cheerleaders their hair
is on fleek it's up high it's in those
little curls out of their face because
they're flipping and their life depends
on them being able to see the ground and
spot their landing they can't have
fucking tendrils coming down in their
face like when UFC fighters are in the
ring and they're fucking fighting each
other and one dude just has like a bunch
of hair that he doesn't get braided he
doesn't put it in a fucking ponytail I
don't understand and he's just over
there then he gets knocked around he's
brushing his hair off of his face I hope
that you get knocked out I hope that
today is your last day on this earth
because if you are like literally
fighting someone to the death you could
die in theory in the middle of a fucking
Octagon in the UFC and you're letting
your hair get in your face I have no
fucking time or patience for you and
your fucking hairstyle I've had enough
there's a reason why in some sports
people have it braided cornrowed
ponytail pigtails I don't care anything
get it off your fucking face when I go
to the gym sometimes and you see girls
on a fucking treadmill with their hair
down unless you're Jay G gorgeous who is
my fucking queen and can do anything
that she fucking wants I'm gonna press
emergency stop and your treadmill so
that you fucking go flying I hate you
let me tell you how serious this is I
cannot even sit down and eat something
without putting my hair up that's how
serious I am about eating eating as far
as I'm concerned as a fucking bull
contact sport I face the food contact I
can't have my hair in the way I don't
understand how people with their hair
all in their face don't get hurt you
should get hurt don't teach you a
fucking lesson
I don't know how girls eat with their
hair down anyways every time like when
my hair was longer everything won't like
lean over to eat it would just get my
food that's disgusting why are you doing
that and then when someone's like Oh
whose hair is this it's not mine yes it
is bitch your hair was touching the food
the entire time I know you don't cook
with that hair either I had to put my
hair up to cook he does a light on
fucking fire I know
don't cook without hair stop playing
this is a public service announcement
for you to stop sucking and having your
hair all over everyone's fucking life
get your fuckin life together the next
thing that is a pet peeve of mine is
when other people try and zip up like my
sweatshirt or my jacket first of all
it's not yours it's mine
get your fucking hand off of my zipper
maybe I wanted it to be unzipped pretty
sure I'm not five and or don't have any
fucking hands I have two hands I can zip
it myself and if I want to I will I'll
let you know if I lose my hands in a
fucking American Horror Story fucking
accident then I'll need your help to zip
up my fucking jacket but even then not
really it just gets wooden ones fuck you
when I was in middle school this fucking
punk-ass kid came up to me my winter
coat
he was like let me zip up your jacket
like no no I'm good he's like no let me
zip it up for you so he zips it up and
it zipped my lip into the jacket it was
stuck in there and then without even as
well uh and then without anything you
just ripped it back down oh it was
bleeding everywhere it was fucking
miserable fucking that's the last time
I'll ever let anybody set anything up
for me you're gonna catch somebody's
dick or face or fucking nipples you're
gonna catch somebody something in a
zipper if you keep zipping up things for
people very intimate thing two zip
someone else jack it up in my opinion
it's like a trust exercise it's
horrifying
the next thing that is a pet peeve of
mine is fucking wire hangers they don't
fucking work
you're a dude picking up your collared
shirts from the laundromat I'm sure they
work fucking fine and that's why there's
a million of them everywhere all the
time
but if you're a girl I did not own
probably a single garment that will stay
on a wire hanger just doesn't work plus
they're wrong they just don't feel right
and I'm not gonna make any abortion
jokes here you can do that in the
comments okay
fucking appropriate inoffensive Jim I'm
sorry Jonah the next thing that is a pet
peeve of mine and I need to fucking
preface this real quick I don't give a
fuck what you do with your face in your
makeup but the most part I think that
anyone that just tries is doing a good
job
at least you tried but I do have a
fucking pet peeve that makes me
absolutely crazy and it's two parts the
first part is if you are going to wear
an entire face full of makeup you
already went through all the fucking
work and then you don't put any makeup
on your eyebrows you need to go ahead
and fucking not if you do not like fix
them and like make them look like
they're made up with the rest of your
face we can't be friends I'm sorry
because I can't be friends with a
fucking crazy person because that's what
you look like insane the next part of
that though is when girl wears tons of
eyeshadow and no mascara is actually
like light colored eyeshadow and it gets
on the tops of your lashes and then it
makes your eyelashes just look like
these powdery little fucking spider legs
I can't
I'd like I almost want to just keep some
mascara in my pants for when I see
someone like that so I'm just going in
your face just give me your fucking face
really quick hmm how hard was that like
someone flowered you in the face like
they antiqued you that's what you look
like
it's not right oh I feel like when
you're a little girl you first learned
how to put on like lip gloss and blush
and mascara I don't know what fucking
person taught you to just be like bloop
bloop done o girl fall my eyeshadow is
on fleek no it's not your face is dead
to me and my last pet peeve that I'm
going to talk about today because I'm
getting really fucking angry like I'm
sweating I cannot stand when people
demand that the word gif is pronounced
jiff here's why it is not pronounced
jiff think of the peanut butter jiff
what's it spelled with a fucking J what
is gift spelled with a G why is Jiffy
Lube pronounced Jiffy Lube and not give
you Lube because those are J's get this
belt with the G you said good good ah
it's not fucking like rocket science I
can't stand when I hear people say no
it's it's jiff it's Tiffany Jim is it
Jeff pretty sure it's fucking gift let's
think about the word gift shall we G IFT
gift now take the T off gift oh my
fucking god it's like we just buggin
went to college together except we
didn't because we were saying jiff
didn't go anywhere Jim huh I heard it in
my toilet cuz that's where my brain is
why do you think my name is Jenna and
not Jenna cuz it's spelled with a J not
a G oh I need a fucking go take an ice
bath because I'm I'm sweating I'm so
angry that's what I wanted to fucking
talk about we need to end jiff all right
P jiff
say GF 3 times in a mirror and I'll come
out fucking pop out and punch you in the
face that's all I wanted to say and I'm
sorry for those of you that don't like
these videos and for those of you that
came here for tits make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday slash fucking to
come out on Thursday right everybody get
off my dick just trying to make my butt
look like a new butt aren't if you ever
tried and it tastes a really long
fucking time ok girl you know you want
this dad I just threw my phone because I
fucking got it fix your fucking hair
bitch
