oh well it's miss Sara I'm here put that
there heck you guys like my new rainbow
blanket pillows so I've actually made
two of these videos in the past with
hip-hop chop me part 1 & 2 yes I know
that some of its raps some of them you
don't even consider to be rappers
alright you can get it sure we all get
it alright but every video needs a title
so just allow me to fit everything under
some umbrella the we can call a video
okay I think you know point is as in
those two previous videos I feel like
rap and hip-hop you know flak for
objectifying women glorifying violence
and money and sex and blah blah blah
but I just feel like I've learned a lot
of things from rapid hip-hop that I
would have learned otherwise I love it
so much it is my favorite genre of music
so I just wanted to share with you all
the positive things that I have learned
from rap and hip-hop it gave me a much
better outlook on life as a whole you
know what I'm saying dude knowledge okay
so without further ado here is the third
part to what hip-hop taught me pitbull
taught me that he is in fact Superman
Janet how is pitbull Superman
well because look up in the sky it's a
bird it's a plane not it's just pitbull
ain't a damn thing changed air for
pitbull is Superman no pitbull is Clark
head and meet a worldwide Superman does
that for mine fuck yeah my mind is like
I've learned from lots of rappers that I
already know like Iggy Azalea Charli XCX
in their song I'm so fancy you already
know that makes me feel really good when
someone tells me that I already know
because it's just one less thing for me
to learn I already know thank you that
makes you feel great and
in the loop I feel very much in the loop
what I am told you already know first
Kanye taught me I could go ham it's
delicious and I can go it but then Jason
Derulo taught me that hot damn it
I can go ham sandwich I think I have an
idea of what that means but what other
sandwiches can I go can I go meatball
sub
can I go grilled cheese can I go
pastrami or is that too far just want to
make sure I can know which sandwiches I
can go because very excited about the
possibilities of going sandwiches a lot
of sandwiches and I like going Bobby
shmurda taught me that although I am
allowed to dance to the shmurda dance
I'm likely not able to request it at a
club hey will you play hot and would not
try to be disrespectful I just want to
do the dance me promise I won't sing to
it
also here's a hack for requesting this
song will you please play the explicit
version of my head up course Brown
taught me one of the most important
lessons ever and it's that these hoes
ain't loyal I was over here having hoes
do my taxes my landlord was a hug I was
just trusting hoes all over the place
and it was a big mistake and I just
didn't realize that they weren't loyal I
thought that they were gave him the
benefit of dads big fucking mistake I
went skydiving with a hoe on my back she
was like my instructor she fucking
pulled the ripcord we're fucking we're
actually both dead 2 Chainz taught me
that if something doesn't rhyme just
force it to Ford or or ER problem solved
pay me 2 Chainz also taught me not to
let angry uptight white women boss me
around when debating marijuana issues
that ho ain't oil you already know I
think that's appropriate there Tinashe
taught me that she loves to get to on
which according to the second definition
in urban
dictionary means drinking alcohol and
smoking weed at the same time therefore
if so facto Tinashe gave us a way to
pick up girls excuse me miss I heard
that you love alcohol in marijuana and I
happen to have both of those things
would you like to get to UM maybe we
could you know hold hands later
uh sure taught me that he doesn't mind
if I dance on the pole because that
don't make me a hoe and to go get that
money my only question to that is like
what if I'm like a day shift stripper
and I'm really not even that good at it
or like what if I don't even make that
much money do you still not mind or do I
have to be like a really good stripper
also I'm just like a little bit confused
oh sure wants us to believe that he
dates a stripper at least you're giving
us hope though I appreciate you giving
us hope that someday you're going to
pick me up in your ari after work after
birthday shipped by the airport trey
songz taught me that he invented sex I
call your bluff Trey Songz also taught
me that he's fucking me tonight
challenge accepted
k camp taught me to be careful if you
are a financially dependent bitch
because it's nothing to cut that bitch
off so what I took away from this is
just don't be a bitch because you know
no one ever said it ain't nothing to cut
off that charming lovely young lady that
reminds me of Michelle Obama in a classy
kind of way ah or you could stay a bitch
and just get a job and be financially
independent so I mean you have a couple
of choices but if you're a bitch living
off of K camps money it ain't nothing to
cut you off
race Drummond taught me to stay in my
lane ho now although I don't identify as
a hoe I was getting paranoid about
switching lanes so I decided I would
take heed to this advice
and just stay in the right lane like I'm
not moving and I will not pass because I
just don't I don't want to be told to
stay in my lane so I'm not going to
I just want there to be no question in
anyone's mind Jenna's in her Lane I just
think it'd be really intimidating to
have someone your exchanger lane home
like I'm really sorry I got my blinker
on my mom went back there right now okay
sorry race Drummond also taught me that
h2o and lean are the same thing that
means I am fucked up drink a lot of
water I think we all drink a lot of
water 50 cent taught me to go shorty we
don't party like it's your birthday oh
man I cannot wait to go out to lunch
with my mom and then lay in my bed and
watch Netflix alone
Jeremih taught me that I have a body
like the summer thank you because you
were the first person to compliment me
for being sweaty
riff-raff taught me that if I'm looking
to dine and I want to take my helicopter
there then I can just valet the chopper
on top of the Red Lobster which was like
really good to know because it's not
like Red Lobster really lets everybody
fucking know that you can valet
helicopters there I mean it's really
hard to find a restaurant that lets you
drive your helicopter there and then eat
cheddar biscuits Drake taught me to be
wary of the size of your rings because
he would pinkie swear you but his pinky
ring is too big what I'm taking away
from that is that you should also be
wary of people that have giant pinkie
rings because I'm not sure if you're
untrustworthy or if it's just that you
have big jewelry on your pinkie so if
you want to be a trustworthy person you
want a pinkie swear you know maybe just
like take the size your pinkie ring down
a little bit like spread it out for
other fingers a little bit unrelated but
Katy Perry taught me that if you get
your nails done all japanesey
apparently that offends no one because
tits oh dude I really like your nails
they're like super Jap and easy getting
our nails done all Jeff and easy
seems fucking questionable and also
unrelated the end of the song bitch I'm
Madonna I learned that you can in fact
play a cello with a saw what that sounds
like I don't know you play a child with
a sock so I'm impressed
that's what hip-hop taught me since 2013
the last time I posted one and yeah I
just really like these videos because I
just learned something and I hope that
you learned something too it's just my
favorite music that exists I'm just
forever thankful for the things that
I've learned because I mean I'd be kind
of fucked right now he's surrounded by
hoes that I can't trust I wouldn't I
wouldn't even know that Trey Songz was
fucking me tonight I wouldn't even know
who invented sex it's a pretty important
fact to know and I'll see you guys next
week make sure you subscribe to my
channel he's a wizard Wow Kermit picture
a pillow look how cute he is
that's not right it's me pitbull Kudo
