hey guys welcome back to my channel so
it's been highly requested that I do a
Kylie Jenner lip tutorial because Kylie
has some killer lips that everyone wants
right now for those of us with little
lips that don't want to get injections
or anything like that I have a tutorial
for you to make your lips look big and
fall like Kylie first you're gonna want
to start with a bare face no makeup and
then you're just gonna want to shave
your entire face this will make your
face super shiny our lips are gonna be
matte so with the contrast of the shiny
of your face they'll stand out more
naturally the next thing you're gonna
want to do is exfoliate regular lip
scrubs don't give me the results I want
so I like to use kitty litter I just
take some and rub it into my lips as
hard as I can it works amazing and it's
organic then we need to hydrate our lips
but I want something that's gonna bring
more circulation and pump them up so I
get a jalapeno and I take up seeds and I
rub them directly onto my lip and I mix
it with my chapstick it should burn a
ton and then after he's done with that
get more things that burn cinnamon it
works really great to get all that blood
moving into your lips to make them look
fuller it might be painful but it's
totally worth it in the end then I like
to just put straight acid on my lips it
feels super awful but no pain no gain
right then you're going to want to take
an ice cube and rub your lips with them
until they're completely numb
so that you can burn them and not feel
it as much amazing right now's the time
my routine when I like to get a little
bit more aggressive take something that
you can fix your lips into and just suck
on it as hard as you can I know it looks
silly but it really gives great results
act natural bit is coming and don't even
worry that leaves red marks on your face
that's what concealers for the next
thing you can do is if you have friends
and this is totally optional because I
know plenty you don't have any crap just
to have some
like we punch you in the mouth it's
really not even that painful I swear if
you really want to go the extra mile
have your friends suck your lips for you
like essentially give you a lip hickey
it feels so weird but it looks so great
now your lips are so much fuller and
ready for makeup I'm going to take this
neutral lip liner and just lightly draw
a second pair of lips all the way around
my lips you want to focus on over
drawing the top and the bottom not the
side you're not trying to look like
Miranda sings fill the rest of your lips
in and then it's time for my secret
trick take a glue stick and go all over
the liner that you just apply it
literally makes your lip color last all
day make sure that you let the glue dry
with your mouth open otherwise your lips
will get stuck together you won't be
able to suck anyone stand you're going
to take a matte lipstick and fill
everything in and then line it again and
then set it with some chopped and then
you're going to go over your liner and
then refill your lips in and then you're
going to set it again with some chalk
and then you're going to take some of
this concealer and clean up all your
edges and then you're gonna line them
again and then set them again with chalk
and then you can them clean up your
edges on the top and then you're going
to fill in your lips again and then
you're gonna line them again then you
take some of this matte lipstick and
then fill them in again and then you're
going to set them with chalk then you're
going to take this weight eyeliner
pencil and go all around the outside of
your lips to highlight that music this
highlighter and put around the top of
your lip and right in the center of your
bottle and then you just line them again
voila beautiful pillowy
Kylie Jenner inspired lips no one will
ever be able to tell that they're not
your real lips ever gonna be like oh my
god you're let's look so good
I know did you get in Jackson like now
I'm just really good at makeup alright
help you enjoyed this tutorial bye um
happy toy 15 looks like my new year's
resolution was not giving up being a
troll Oh baby I want to suck your lips
oh that was the weirdest fucking feeling
thing I've ever felt I think it was
weird for me actually no probably
weirder for you yeah this is no shade at
Kylie I love your lips Kylie teach us
her ways because I don't think I did
this right
Oh mocks gotta go are you done mock like
welcome back we haven't seen you since
September no I was there been doing
really important things can't tell you
though you're back to brunette
it's my unnatural color I wanted to go
back to it mmm well congratulations
congratulations on your clown lips
they're not clown lips this looks
natural and delicate unnatural that's
what's natural
this mobile easy bye make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday MOC you look
beautiful - thank you I gotta go shot
your lashes you're welcome
oh we're welcome you just did us a favor
welcome you're welcome
you were raised this video physically
hurt my lips alright I'll see
next week I'm gonna go ice my face out
oh dude oh hey guys Gina tutorial pretty
big on the tutorial scene
