oh thank you oh you still biting me okay
yeah okay so this is my second week of
extras hanging out with my family and
stuff for the holidays so I wanted to
make you a nice little extras video so
here's the part two of the extras
there's one from last week because one
this week and then I'll be back in 2015
with new videos so I can have family
time too okay okay
yukine what I hope you guys like these
extras - there's they're not always like
blueberries are outtakes some of its
just like extra shit that I couldn't fit
in the video so some of its a little bit
fuckery especially the parts with my mom
keep a real page I'll see you guys next
week in 2015 we might PG says don't do
that make sure you subscribe my channel
reviews every Wednesday I hope everyone
has a really good New Year's I don't see
you next week and I love you forever I
know some of you guys like these videos
more than my regular videos so if you
like extras Merry Christmas - oh you're
gonna bring it let's see you guys later
bye
she can't be some baby okay lose the wig
together the egg whooping shit don't
need your resources that will this clay
for like almost nothing that I can just
throw it around you create whatever okay
that's not right just create whatever I
want table that allows me to make such
okay it's not right it doesn't look
right
i sued eyedrops asked rappers basic
bitches drink PSL basic bitches drink
PSL and dammit painting
I'm very basic I got be my best I'm bad
at painting ballet basic I can't even
trust you to do one thing oh I was just
trying to get rid of something this fall
out in the most professional way
oh my god
say something in French come on get off
I'm annoyed you just said my name is
every morning you shouldn't eat that
Rochester from Rochester New York State
LA Vatican it does not where it's lately
you like not easy to di la vie a we
super family posted a beggar next up le
chien in crete an exon Canadian you know
a Parisian accent and the Canadian
an accent in French wait because he's
like go back and cheese homo you said my
name is Jeff Morey
and Jim the full-mouth and I teach you
drive the special bus does it with their
feet you know why that's not more
impressive because if they're already
using their feet for other things doing
they make them is the least impressive
those things what's the most impressive
probably pull-ups much with it about
Christina she's touching me she's
touching she's touching me have you seen
that it's me everybody Debbie here to
have a fun time with the video machine
because I'm a fabulous Sheen here I
can't look out for my French oh my god
the Bell and the beast and then the
castle is Debbie a Casti guys next week
highlight your brow bone
alright this No
let's hear your lips you want to do your
lips put that in my mouth that is what
she said why why do you like breathing
like you're an earthquake because I am I
am in a natural disaster of face did we
didn't see cat as an outsider where did
you get some pack of tickets again you
got a bunch of parking tickets any power
you gonna have to pull over
have you arrested is there a light on
any kind of that why is it cops pull
yogya end of the lights endo Charlie Dan
is dead so the whole thing's been so I
just left it there and walked away I'm
Debbie haha I live by my own rules my
name is Debbie and just a little Debbie
in a big we'll just a little W the big
girl just over here doing Goyal's
stuff like a couple of coils on me just
some banana bread but only too much cuz
we're saying if it's a man okay
the umbrella you gotta feed the banana
bed for your brother okay it won't be a
little piglet and uncle Tommy I haven't
been Shawn cause brandy you have to do
that well you made that
alright I feel weird you know that you
have a like dude screams in pain cries
oh this was fun
do you like Jenna's ratchet salon I love
Jenna's right so I'm so lucky that I
live in it no I can do this anytime I
want
yeah any time you just want to get weird
and like other girls that it is yeah
cousin I didn't what girl yeah do it
good so you gonna drown the picture with
Leeza told me he's gonna get my pussy I
know you looked round and in turn up cuz
it looks so insane don't know Jonathan
it's wet
/ I'm firm you know what here to save
you
key job oh my god double zero Keisha do
you wanna go turfy looking so real thank
you
