this is peaches boyfriend buzz ah hey
buzz
paint you like your boyfriend yeah you
say I just wanna stay out past my
bedtime you go boys yeah you guys just
like each other cuz you're blondes I
made a video of extras of like the
entire year of like funny stuff that
happened and these videos say forever
and ever ever to make because I don't
know if you've ever tried to go through
a year's worth of footage but it's
pretty difficult but I made you like a
nice little extras video because this
week and next week I'm going to be
spending some time with my family
and hope everyone has a really happy
holiday and a happy new years and there
will be one video after this of some
more extras and then I'll be back 2015
right PG it's her first Christmas ever
you're such a big girl now yes my first
person is very exciting it won't bite
you about it your dick alright I'll see
you guys next week and then with a new
video in 2015 and love you forever make
sure you subscribe to my channel photo
reviews every Wednesday this is gonna be
Yelp on a Wednesday holy shit it's like
the fifth time in 2014 and actually
uploaded it in the winstead here's to
hoping next year a little bit more on
time yes half out next page right I'll
see you guys next week bye you're so
sweet that's fuckin animal cruelty hope
you enjoy your time in jail
yes Jana Kermit's Chinese body is
nowhere the permit
no make sure you start with has a nice
closed ended presents for him Jen is
drunk art school it makes sense the way
that you do your makeup to put like on
your foundation suffers I don't
understand makeup artists that do your
eyes and then do your foundation the
makes zero fucking sense to me okay
called your fucking foundation you got
do your foundation first so that you
have a layer to do the rest of your
foundation and makeup on it's like if
you do the foundation of your house
laughs that makes zero sense and that's
why they pay engineers to build houses
and not makeup artists all right so
learning from our previous mistakes shop
me noisy and in no sense I'm Jenna I now
on you can call me mark
so ridiculous sorry I'm gonna die as a
sneeze your fucking sneeze you sound
like a mouse let's see Mouse Jillian
yeah you nights out of life who is such
a good sport Wells like why didn't
Marvel's rival baubles are you on the
piano he lives in Uruguay and I just
locked my dogs in my room because
they're being unbelievable shit Bev's
just come be in my art school that I
could paint all the wall
good god she's like you know what yeah
look do it just do it
and then we need look uni big it takes
the next we're trying to pull of
whatever the fuck these balloons come
out like we know three balloons three
balloons to lose three balloons or took
one bullet two bullets of it just over
bloah don't under blow that's weird
I feed that back that's not right cut it
with your mouth oh did it you did it
I mean he'll if he lives in uruguay
uruguay yeah worth I was saying earlier
by the way like if I never got married
we're fighting round like a big party
like I don't wanna I don't like I spend
money on flowers I'm just gonna sit
around make a bunch of balloon shit be
like fuck you guys funky friends and
family it's a pumpkin spice lot no way
bitch ah God
lovin shit me tip I'm sorry I'm really
fucking good at this I'm basically a
natural I hope that I've taught me
everything that you need to know both
balloon er I just like blow it up then
just like twist and pull everything just
like twist it around with your mind and
your hands and then just squidge it into
some
that you think looks cool and then
everyone how can I pay you
that's the coolants in reverse and
you're like yeah I know right by my
price is just increased because you
thought it was cool so you know this
this is the new the new shit in balloon
art it's called aren't you fuck and it
costs 10 billion dollars to have me a
birthday party so if you'd like to hire
me I mean I'll make one of these maybe
but at least up in Raunak Kaul oh my god
would say that okay like Jimmy I said
that they make their planes smell like
pumpkins but shut the fuck up I also
emailed United Airlines and demanded
they make their planes shaped like
pumpkins crap oh that is nothing yeah
that's the future it's a pump it's on a
lollipop oh yeah organs yeah but like
what is your poop like
look like creepy fog a couple of drops
with your penis with your penis okay
what look you penis we were just helping
her get up with your penis
