nice necklace yeah thanks it's the core
to my speakers anything's the necklace
if you put it around your neck
so I asked on my facebook what you guys
wanted to see and then I wanted to do
another drunk art school because for
those of you that have never gotten
drunk and then watched yourselves on
camera it's like a magical epiphany
moment of like your true unfiltered self
so I highly recommend it to anyone I've
also been dabbling with the idea that I
would expand drunk art school to drunk
school if there's any subjects that you
would like me to cover in my school just
let me know and if this is your first
time joining me in my drunk art school
I've already painted and done balloon
art so you can catch up at any time
because I'm get to go to art school and
I want to learn about stuff I'm not done
learning
I don't just get drunk and do nothing I
get drunk and then do fucking awesome
shit stuff if there's any school topics
that you would like me to cover drunk
just leave them in the comments and I
will look at them and I will further our
education to get there someone suggested
on Facebook cursive handwriting which is
a frontrunner also science one of the
most requested mediums for drunk art
painting is a smoking do this man but I
bought this big block of clay I think
that's a good step I got some tools like
I don't know what the fuck these are but
they love a sharp your future self be
very well I'll have a PhD in drug drunk
art I'm gonna be drunk and I'm gonna
come back - drunk art school
if you go on YouTube and you look up
Disney power our that's what I did and I
staying along hey Jenna hi Jenna
so first thing you're gonna do you're
gonna open you clay
just wrapping the bag is trapped in the
trap house so I really want to make an
innie human body right because that
seems super artistic I've got some tools
okay let's just make some fucking let's
make some cuts and see what happens okay
I'm like that much oh my god so we need
to take like most of it and turn it into
a torso fail a lot of clay and a lot of
liquid courage you know wish I had
something more appropriate to cut this
with but I just do not does the girl at
the art store was like oh what are you
baking girls like I don't know yeah she
was little here's some basic stuff to
get you ready no I totally need like
serious and shit will it with my mind oh
my god weren't believe in your dreams
I'm seriously out of breath from doing
that and I'm like sweating sculpting may
not be my thing because it feels like
cardio part of the team okay so I guess
some techniques here are make sure it
looks like a body like I almost needed
superflat just now to be sort of like
round okay that's a weird the cretan
torso I haven't quite decided on the
gender all I know is that ideally I
would like to have some boobs but we'll
just see because I also kind of want a
dick
who says that
equals male and boobs equal fucking
female nobody like it can just be
whatever you want but I just want to be
sexy a trick that I learned is that if
you just take your hands and you're like
pet it like a like a cat that doesn't
love you you're like one of me is happy
as fuck I'm dying whatever these tools
are but they sell you they're not that
expensive but you know what what works
way better it is 100% free
gravity oh god like blow me art at
school it doesn't look right and more
you work with it the more it used to get
smooth and it just seems like a
never-ending cycle of abuse what if we
smooth from the bottom up oh you know we
should make the legs next I think so
take like oh god you smell like shit
once you create a little crevice okay
Oh dreams come true I'm not just trying
to make legs I want to be a base so if
we can't make legs
oh let's think of something that could
be initiate that song like oh let's make
a fucking let's being a mermaid tail hmm
some genius just gonna shape the butt
over here if I'm gonna steal okay I'm
exaggerating
I just want Pete and clay got everywhere
it looks beautiful okay more tips
because we're like we didn't need Taco
Bell we did a little bit I mean we need
some fucking cheeseburgers not like that
many still have our finger sort of
that's what we want the body type to
look like
really you know we totally love french
fries it's not your business let's give
it some scallops
it's a CT okay I'm deciding right now
whether I want to make the arms or the
head you know cuz they're both like we
got two beefy ass arms here move in
there because we need extra for the
genitals anyways the only way I know how
to make anything round like someone
you're a kid and they'll like do this
and you're like I did it like you know
fuck you mermaid huh I guess we at to
the tail I feel like I've seen stuff in
art museums that look just like this and
you're like I don't get it am I supposed
to get it and your art teachers like
oh it's amazing it's just like so wrong
your head is too small and if your body
can't hold your head up then maybe you
should grow a new body I'd your head get
so big oh just like a lot of compliments
people just want to have sex with me
perfect I'm gonna use the tool for the
first time yeah that's where your mouth
is gonna go because your mouth is not
inverted that's horrifying this is how
you make boobs when you're sculpting you
can do that where you want you're in the
lady now
the illness e6 egg which a problem when
you got like Tyrannosaurus Rex arms she
doesn't like to listen I mean this is a
celebration of all genders it's like my
mermaid could titty fuck herself or his
self if you go like this and you just
turn like the torso a little bit this
way and like fucked up you're like what
are you looking at I don't know you just
do that now all of a sudden it's art
you're being perverted it's not even
like that just moving it it's your head
up it's gonna fall off this is my
sculpture of the human body nude etc
there's one last finishing touch and it
was requested on the Internet
I don't want you to think that those of
you that after a volcano this week we're
being ignored because I turned my
sculpture into volcano for the purpose
of learning this is how volcanoes work
science a science am i right boobs Anna
dick so I'm not an expert all right but
like I really did a great job in
creating like just something that means
something to people it means a lot it
means sculpture make sure you subscribe
to my channel I put
I suck at sculpting oh ha oh don't throw
up on me ooh
ok that's coming off weird so you guys
tics I'm gonna go clean up this
weirdness okay
