hey guys welcome back to my channel this
week I really wanted to make a video
about some girl life hacks that I think
that everyone should know so hopefully
find it helpful my first life hack is
you know you have to get up early in the
morning go to bed with a full face of
makeup on then that way when you wake up
you'll have like most of the makeup left
on and all you have to do is just go
over some of it and you know what it
would ever be able to tell and you just
save yourself so much time and so much
easier all right my next girl hack is to
untangle your hair the easy way so you
basically just want to rip it out of
your head as hard as you can and even
then if it's not cooperating you tried
verbally abusing it you know you could
tell it to die and stuff like that and
you Brecon it
exactly to my next trick is that you run
out of deodorant all you need to do is
just spray perfume all over yourself and
then make sure the rest of the day you
don't move your arms at all and then if
you see anybody else during the day and
they start to notice that something
smells just act like you don't know what
they're talking about and then
and I'm some out I mean this trick has
saved my life literally so many times a
next pact is for when you don't have
time to get a spray tan
don't worry just put your tan on all the
places that are visible from whatever
shirt you're wearing no one will ever be
able to tell because you look tan
everywhere but do not let anyone see you
naked unless they really know you as a
person you are running really late and
don't have time to pick anything for
breakfast just eat a big giant gulp of
air Society tells women they should be
thought anyways even plus you can take
it on the go and it tastes great like it
tastes amazing so it's really cheap and
easy and fast when you're on the go I've
ever forget to brush your teeth maybe
you're on a walk of shame just take your
shirt and brush your teeth with that as
good as brushing your teeth I swear it's
amazing and if you ever forget to put on
lipstick you don't have any with you
just bite your lips as hard as you can
like if you can draw a blood that's even
better because blood is rather than
super in right now but it looks great it
seriously just brings out your natural
coloring in your face your eyes it's
amazing my next trick is that you really
want to wear that dress later to a party
but you just don't want to show you your
legs at all you should try pants
if you wear them every single day you
really never have to shave again it's
such a lifesaver a great trick for
organizing your socks and underwear is
just in a pile and then just smash them
in your drawer it's hard to get and then
if it doesn't close just push harder
whenever you're painting your nails and
you don't want to wait for them to dry
you can just blow them to dry with your
mind like really hard concentrate and
then if they get up just tell
people that it's part of the design
because you know not caring is super
super trendy right now
my next life hack is like how a bunch of
necklaces that are in a knot they've
gotten tangled don't try and untangle
them like gently carefully just pull
them as hard as you can and like whip
them around because eventually they'll
just break themselves loose it usually
works every time but if doesn't then
just put on a new necklace and bonus it
also works great with cords if you're
having a hard time deciding what you
want to do for Halloween this year just
remember the color makeup application
and totally outweigh the need for a
costume so just start with something
simple and basic like weight face if you
tell people you're a ghost or that
you're Michael Jackson or they'll ghost
that Michael Jackson is totally up to
you but Wow
happy Halloween so yeah those are the
life hacks that I have for you guys this
week
I hope that you found them helpful
guys next time
I have been in such a trolli mood lately
nothing against the beauty and style
community but I just thought there was a
little bit of room for fuckery in there
that's all so those were my super
helpful life hacks some I may or may not
have actually done on more than one
occasion definitely guilty of necklaces
and faked in and ripping my hair out of
my head
yeah Luigi doing so my girl monitored he
has eyebrows no she's gonna get
something like the Instagram picture
everyone's been requesting because she's
so little in blind that I just give it
to my brother it's safe yeah peachy
peaches
you look just like your mommy oh yes
we're BFFs now huh good eyebrows good
eyebrows yes you're so pretty you my
little girl aren't you mm-hmm my I love
you all right to make sure you subscribe
to our channel we put up new movies
every Wednesday I hope you she's a
daddy's girl I hope you enjoyed my life
hacks and found them helpful and troll
troll troll okay so you guys this week
bye
