so I realized from last night's
uploading of this are this that many of
you were not a fan of the dog porn that
I casually threw into the video
understandable understandable many
people were requesting that I'm at least
a PG version which is what I've made for
you
oh no it's less funny there's nothing
funny happening in it which is sad but
for those of you that wanted a this are
this PG version without dog porn and
inbreeding that's why I made for you
because there's no reason not to you
know
I know I had a creative vision of just
making something a little bit fuckery
but I can understand why you'd be like
Jenna can you just cut this shit out and
I'd be like all right so I've never done
this I've never uploaded like an edit of
a video before but I did it for you so
here's this R this PG version okay tell
me with everything on you are in luck
because I am of service and full grown
that you wait yes the car follow me
outside a man van that says free chicken
king - something else and this idea
different yes
this yes your mommy she gives us they'll
be next to her but yes no do not bite
mommy she has the chicken oh yes yes
yeah I'm dead don't bark he'll spray you
with them on the bottle then he takes
good fight and daddy he shakes his
fingers in your face we don't got much
to learn patience where we eat me a
small anger sermon HIV puppies so that's
how I got so many next I even have a
neck on my back you get what's left on
or so you can growl there it's not make
sure you want that yourself or else you
will dry out the nut process where we am
hope and here and here and here and here
and here
sometimes you get them trapper but you
can put wherever you want me say because
I baby yes yes you do this like this and
the side that says I'm deaf I guess up
yeah offices and yard where we run in
rally cuz I'm soaked affairs okay pink
vest and now this is Erin yeah humans
trying to sleep in the tail so you have
to take up as much space as impossible
that's this aren't bad things one can
enjoy then you want little baby is can
enjoy beer it is
every unwanted anywhere you want singing
Puccini you mean trying the desert they
ask and this are they upset by best and
there's art thanks for telling me with
everything moving the time page they so
good we're brother and sister
I love you page
