hello Tony aren't they just a baby
thank you my name is peg I need someone
to tell me with everything on you are
black because I am I'm staring with them
over on thank you
wait can I trust you miss the car follow
me outside an invalid says spring
chicken king to something else and this
idea differently Allison is that this
yes your mommy she gives up so be nice
to her yes no do not wait mommy she has
the chicken oh this yeah I'm dead don't
bark I'll spray you with the water
bottle then he's gonna bite them daddy
he shakes his fingers in your face but I
got much to learn Paige that's where we
need to be a small anger therapy
tracking puppies so that's how I got so
many next I even have a neck on my back
you get what's left over so you can
crown or it's nice so nice
make sure you watch it yourself or else
you will dry out the neck problem
this is where we am pooped and here and
here and here and here and here okay
sometimes you get them Tramp out you can
put where everyone is very excited
because I am iam yes yes you do
this is undecided yes I guess I'm yes of
the offices and yard where we run in
rally because I'm so Cabarrus that's in
now this is Erin bet he almost try to
sleep in in tail so you have to take up
as much space as impossible yes yes just
like there something out that's the fuck
that is our best this I'm - see what -
chewing things looking children can
chalk this yeah anything you want little
baby is can actually be an idiot yes
every on one eye one eye being
everywhere you want Owen is thinking and
hold the chin a you mean China yes
aren't they ask and this are there is
like this and this aren't that I'm sure
this is okay you mean brother let me ask
you one question page I do think we have
so we're the most and I was so we and
breathing page in breathing okay I love
you page
I mean I just sat here and watched it -
did I just make a video about dog in
Brady hi my name is Jenna and I shot dog
for you today her it has been humping
peach like non-stop and of course today
while I was trying to film him pumping
her he does eight billion other times a
day he just you know he got cold feet
clammed up couldn't perform and it was
the most frustrating day ever to see
like come on help your sister
you can do it big boy that was one of
the most requested videos ever since
Julian got peach was to make a this
arthas and it came out in Brede
sometimes I just keep it so real that I
even know how real I'm keeping it that's
really real he's showing her everything
and then you know having sex with her
because that's how Italian grounds were
made and every other purebred dog you
guys have sex with your cousins and
stuff um could have gotten weirder toned
it back a little bit it's still fucking
weird
it's so weird no regrets ready Cara Mia
I mean I suppose if you just take out
the weird like sex scenes it's an
adorable video usually when you guys
request things I take like half of it
and then I felt with the rest of it so
that's what it did make sure you
subscribe to our channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday I'll see you guys
next week
how was your first day of porn it was
like bollocks clubs it could be you know
got some chicken
she'll knock on blades goodbye
