hi I'm Jenna and that long nice to meet
you do you really British save some
makeup for the rest of humanity where
are you from I'm from LA born and bred
here real la girl what about you I'm
from upstate New York
cool whore ass piece of shit you even
smell poor so Jenna what do you do for a
living suck dicks for money I work in
marketing what do you do mamaan oh you
wish you look like me honey her face
looks like shit she smells like shit on
what a piece of shit chew that gum bitch
to get rid of the taste of all those
dicks in your mouth those earrings are
really cute oh thank you oh I really
like your necklace
I bet that thing is solid gold it's
solid gold like seventy thousand dollars
probably look really good on you oh you
think they don't touch it don't catch it
so Jenna be a little boyfriend no I
don't have a boyfriend me oh yeah but I
mean it's like really complicated
because he like lives in Uruguay oh
that's sucks
yeah thanks God those lashes are
probably real they're like blowing me
away oh my god no they're not
is that coffee yeah it's a pumpkin spice
latte no way bitch you drink PSL yeah I
believe I didn't spawn a PSL drinker
that's amazing I live off that shit when
I was born I didn't even get breastfed I
just drink Purcell's oh my god yeah I
drank so many PSL but I blacked out I'm
right now all right fuck why it sounds
like PS ow
my favorite thing to do is to go home
like my PSL candle to my sugar-free PSL
gum drink my PS L put my PS l bubbles
into my bag get in the bath and drown
and wake up in a spice pumpkin like
Cinderella when I told you I could never
boyfriend I lied because it's psi oh my
god I suck your boy head off like every
day oh my god
I wrote to United Airlines 70 times cuz
I demanded that they make their plane
smell like PSL cuz I'm allergic to
Regular Air shut the fuck up one time I
was on a United flight and I demanded
they shaped their planes like pumpkins
and they arrested and detained me like a
terrorist like some kind of terrorist it
was a brilliant idea now I'm on the
no-fly list those fuckin racists when I
die I want to get cremated and sprinkled
into a pumpkin spice latte so I can be
it forever until someone drinks Mary oh
my god my urine is like straight PSL
like you could drink it oh my god really
okay but what is your poop like girl oh
I'm in like eight hundred thousand
dollars worth of debt because all I do
is IKEA sells like hundred times a day
like I'm gonna be in debt until forever
I've been wanted by the IRS for years
now honey I could serve some serious
jail time it's hardcore yeah
it's so worth it is so worth it doesn't
make it one is myl√®ne any food for like
six beer I like to freeze it and I'm
like lick it like a salt like like a
horse oh my god it is I'm so fun we're
basically like best friends I know we're
basically like best friends I love you I
love you bitch
damn bitch yourself they love that
pumpkin spice dough if you know what I
mean I didn't really like it that much
just not really my thing but apparently
it's cracked everyone else I don't think
anyone ever wants to drink pumpkin spice
anything in the middle of June so how
the tables have turned if you are a
pumpkin spice latte drinker I promise
you there are many friends to be made
because of your love of pumpkin spice
lattes there's so many things the
lotions and the fucking the gum like it
makes me feel weird on the inside I get
why you like it though it's tasty and
fun and fall and more some people take
it to the next level if you're a next
level person consider this video and
intervention right Kermie you see bye
honeys and make sure you subscribe to
our channel I put how to views every
Wednesday I am I wearing this shirt or
are you wearing this shirt I wish that I
could have MOC here to say goodbye but
mocking you to go to bed early so mom
could get up early and go to work she
triangle wake up MOC MOC are you in
sleep oh my was very excited hello mum
mark you say bye bye mark say bye Oh
mark say bye okay buddy
