you mean everyday I changed my space
hooker hair I am now actually AM Silver
Fox
so I've done so many of these in the
past then what you make it means what
your nails mean what your hair means
would you brought me and shoes like
fucking you name it act on it and
everyone has been asking me for what
your eyebrows mean because they say an
awful lot about you whether or not you
admit it to yourself
so since I'm a fucking genius I'm gonna
make it exist for you my friends because
last week I got really weird and thank
you for letting me get that diarrhea out
of my brain
eyebrows have become some really prime
real estate on your face think of them
as like the Beverly Hills of your face
okay they're important features other
important features include your eyes
they're like the New York City in your
face
they're always light and bright and
exciting need a lot of focus your lips
are the Las Vegas of your face they're
sexy and sexual your cheeks aren't like
Chicago coz they're pretty cool and your
chin nose and forehead are like the
Idaho of your face because no one gives
a fuck about them that being said the
shape of your eyebrows can completely
change the rest of your face and it is
simple geometry they shouldn't be that
easy to fuck up take a pencil and put it
on your nose they should start here and
here and on your iris they should arch
there within those guidelines you can
jazz them up all kinds of different ways
and it says a lot about you as a person
so I'm gonna go through those things
right now
eyebrows with nothing in them mean I
woke up like this now can you please
strain around because my eyebrows are
naked and need to get dressed don't look
no closure edge natural looking eyebrows
mean I'm such a natural beauty like I
just like to enhance my features and let
all of my natural beauty shine through I
see my Instagram looks like all selfies
for a bit straight across eyebrows mean
I have no emotions I also hate my dad
yes you can copy my math
I really need handwriting sad eyebrows
me cuz guys I'm drunk two different
eyebrows me guys have drunk or it means
I'm just a regular person and eyebrows
are really kind of difficult to get the
same eyebrows your sisters not twins
eyebrows that are too close together
mean uh uh uh perfect
it also looks great if you cross your
eyes eyebrows get lonely too they need
friends this just means that my eyebrows
are lonely and they need each other
eyebrows that are too far apart mean I
don't worry where are you who am i what
are we doing and I drink so much
caffeine I forgot I was doing half way
through uh you know what else is this
far apart by nipples square eyebrows me
and I like to do this with a stencil
because I love staying within the lines
clean lines are my favorite just like
the lines when you're drunk square and
overdrawn means
guitar you better feed them before they
fly away oh my god they think oh they're
leaving oh my god you gotta feed them
feed them ok good say where you are
peaked eyebrows mean I'm a witch and I'm
cooking a love spell for you to keep it
up do up coordinates I peaked in high
school or it means I like to take my
sexual frustration out on my eyebrows
eyebrows that are too thin mean I put my
birthday on eHarmony but not my picture
anything about me really cuz I just
can't commit to that I also can only eat
food that's gluten-free nut-free
dairy-free lactose free grass fed grass
free non GMO non h2o and only cooked in
a facility where there's no people you
know my field office leaves eyebrows
that are too high up mean I'm so
surprised and excited about everything
or it means I'm on drugs or it means
look how much space I put between my
eyes and my eyebrows are so much room
for activities do like guacamole vessel
love lucy' eyebrows that are too low
means where your eyebrows even supposed
to look like again
CAIR do you care I don't care I eat a
lot of sausage weird sperm shaped
eyebrows mean I'm in middle school I
just figured out how to tweeze my
eyebrows I did this all by myself
can't you tell they're never gonna grow
back right if you're an adult it means
I'm on met bushy unkept eyebrows mean
I'm so bold and high fashion full of
bushy brows are everything honey just
wait till you see the pubes I'm packing
downstairs especially on my asshole
bleached eyebrows mean I'm a
forward-thinking makeup artist or I'm
insane a unibrow means you can laugh at
me all you want now but I'm going to be
a dictator someday I'm gonna fucking
kill you so you better be nice to me or
my baby Northwest too far these eyebrows
mean and the least racist way possible
let's go get some troops tattooed
eyebrows mean look man I was desperate
these think just will not grow and yes I
researched it for months before I did it
and yes I fucking hate them and yes I
still put makeup on them every single
day tattooed words for eyebrows mean
I've been to prison for arson and
attempted murder no eyebrows mean warp
speed ahead large in a generation
and lastly eyebrows on fleek or on point
mean we need Beach finna get croak
eyebrows on fleek
the fuck so yeah that's what your
eyebrows me so since you guys gave me
the Liberty to do whatever I wanted last
week I did what you bought it this week
because I'm a people pleaser right thank
you of knowing me you don't saving yes
you are are your eyebrows on fleek -
fuck I'll link that video in the
description for those of you that don't
follow mine at all
it was a hot minute ago that's where
your eyebrows means I know everything
I'm your fucking girl sensei my name is
Jenna make sure you want that your
cerumen make sure you subscribe to our
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday say bye peach yeah make sure
you check out our blog channel in the
podcast and all that in the description
below and I love you I'll see you guys
next week okay my god
