so usually when I upload something super
super weird that no one ever asks for I
don't like explain it I just upload it I
really want to just give a little
explanation before I get to the weird
part of this video because I want you to
be in on the joke so for those of you
that maybe don't follow me that closely
on Twitter or like the podcast or
anything like that you probably have no
idea what is Sara meth going to grow
means I was reading YouTube comments and
as I often do and I got to this one
comment and for some reason I just had
the fucking giggles that day but it said
is Kermit spelled see er M et and that's
not the first time I've seen it either
I've seen see er MIT I've seen it all is
Kermit they talk to themselves in the
brain see erm et Kermit going to grow
and for some reason I just started dying
fucking laughing I could not get it out
of my head but those funniest thing I've
ever heard like I get asked all the time
is he full-grown and see a baby
Greyhound what is he but for some reason
it just fucking hit me writing my giggle
dick and so it turned into this like
whole voice of like hello I've been
watching this channel for some time now
getting very concerned and just started
going to grow have you been watering
your sermons have you been taking care
of your sermon I'm very concerned
ever since then anyone that follows me
and other things probably knows is
Kermit these sermons going to
and I've been meaning to make this video
for quite some time
and it did and it came out weird so for
those of you that like weird shit this
one's for you here's how to care for
your servant or is servant going to grow
those you're gonna don't like these and
fuck you I get to do weird shit every
once in a while get off my dick what
environment should I keep my answer me
again you should keep your answer
methods temperature boiling and then
chop that onion
Tatia in in hothouse in an hot climate
if you want your instrument to grow you
should go out there here multiple times
per day you can use an watering can or
let it drink water is still there man
should get plenty of water but you'll
never be except marriage because Hermes
cannot swim this much work they're
serious runs mostly on chicken make sure
you feed your serum your plotting lines
of chicken or else you will not grow
your serum yep needs lots of sunshine so
that it can end well he didn't want the
experimenting African grow as big as an
elephant every sermon gets gored you can
get him a friend I got my sermons and
friend and K H is in sermon being page
if you put your sermonettes
together you can laugh at our retard
head they are and marvel is a small
English ser man through sermons gets a
nextstep then call him neck up make
get plenty of exercise or else they will
actually tell each other
Sarah Matthews lots of sleep around they
will not cross their mats will try to
lick your pants II do not like cerements
licked your panties it does not help
them grow salmon's are selfish and bad
because it makes them grow spammers are
not hot enough
covered them in - please - Sarah Trixie
you can laugh at them so that they can
grow found these guidelines you're
scaring me as well growl just kidding
the fell ground mm-hmm sorry note sorry
I have no explanation it's just why I
wanted to make so I made it it's a thing
that's on the Internet forever yay make
sure you subscribe to our channel photos
news every Wednesday / Thursday ish all
right I'm gonna go like it's just so
weird being trapped inside my brain it's
just a weird ass fucking place thank you
for letting me put it out in the world
sometimes and I know that when I do
stuff like this some of you really
fucking hate it so I'm really sorry I'll
see you next week or you can watch my
vlog Channel or watch the podcasts if
you want less weird shit those are the
like weird shit yeah skin on my dick
we're on each other's Deacs takes on the
dad I gotta go
this is weird
