okay for those of you that follow me on
Twitter and Instagram you probably know
that Julian was getting a puppy this
past weekend and I'm dying to show you
her and it's very exciting she's an
Italian Greyhound just like Kermit so
without further ado I'm gonna show you
the baby she's very sleepy tired this is
peach this is Julian's baby girl and I'm
gonna show you some clips of her from
when we got her and her first couple
days here she's a wily little baby she's
like teething so she bites a lot and for
those of you that don't like vlogs or
stuff about my real life I'm just fuckin
bi this is why I haven't really been on
the Internet the last few days because
this little one is taking up an awful
lot of time and energy aren't you her
teeth are like little fucking razors you
know who did you look kids very much
this is the baby and this is Kermit
so Kermit like he really likes her like
there they play a lot outside together
it's like the weirdest thing in the
world to watch your baby have a baby if
that makes any sense like he's just so
patient with her like he's always been
the baby he's always been the needy like
little one and then he's just so sweet
and patient with her but this one I like
the baby I tolerate her but that's about
it
him and Carmen are like best friends for
life and they do everything together I
think eventually when she gets out of
her face where she's just biting
everything that marbles might like her a
little more
take it easy down there she's teething
like a cuts on me everywhere cuz she's
just she'll jump and like attack you and
bite you she was like biting his tail
and like his butt and like he's gotten
to the point where he'll let her do it
for a little while and then if she like
steps on his eyes and stuff then he'll
then he'll growl it but you've been very
patient and you need extra attention
because you're super third wheel now huh
but I want to show you some clips of her
from the first few days because she's
completely adorable I just wanted to
show you the baby so from now on when
you're like hoo fuck is that
you'll know it's just peach you know you
have so many toys and get you like
fingers the most do you guys want a
sister or a minute you're getting a
sister on me but you're always gonna be
mommy's baby okay yeah you're my baby
boy I love you so much it's gonna be fun
I promise okay I will say no excited no
I don't like girls they certainly don't
want another cookie it's okay like
forever to find pants where today that's
all just to find bands each come home
here's your dad guys me hi
IBG peach I'm going to get a job
my Bibles is in timeouts it's not quite
ready you got to calm your energy marble
calm your energy marble all right are
you ready marble are you ready
can you be a nice boy marbles like not
interested
fuck you oh my god I know I know I know
cricket Kermit loves her I'm Julian are
you going on a long long life journey
with your new best friend Kermit she's
not ready for all that like that oh she
tuckered herself out the baby girl oh I
like I can't get over how good she is
and how bad Kermit was when I got him he
was so bad careful she's eating the
Christmas yeah okay they're going the
wrong get legs peach are you going to
end growl the first time she's like
gotten tired and she's falling asleep on
me is this your dream come too
Oh jealous girl oh my god I can't handle
it
are you sleeping on your brother they're
gonna cuddle together because they're
both so hot system Revis
peach knows how to walk
oh we got a big dog coming up but uh we
just took her out and she didn't know
how to walk she was just standing there
but now but now she's uh yeah she was
like she was looking at Julian like I
don't get it like where are we going
Julian's walking the Italians I'm
walking I'm walking the angry
90 90 he choose it who is that because
like who's that I want to see who this
peach
oh they're like high-fiving good yeah
you just like the worm huh older they
get cups on me there it goes it's our
first time trying to ride in the car
seat it's looking a little dramatic
peach first car ride yeah we're doing it
we're doing it every time we don't know
where peaches there's this one spot that
we always check because oh no peach
thank you for letting me hold you for
the video
we can introduce you to the internet
friends that's what we've been doing for
the last few days and sorry I haven't
been tweeting or Instagram or anything
on YouTube really except for just making
sure this one doesn't go to the bathroom
everywhere she peed in their car bed she
just squatted and pissed in it and ruin
the Raipur
the boys are just like what what is it
doing and their whole seat was just
covered in pee you happy I'm very happy
I'm happy
yeah and for anyone that wants to watch
the whole video of us getting her and
not Julie you uploaded much yeah I just
wanted this week to just introduce you
to her so that you knew she was I know
so because it's just where we are also
as people adjusting to having a new
little wolf pack member she's a handful
seriously a handful oh my god say make
sure you subscribe to my channel put on
new beers every Winston then you just
want to see where your daddy's going oh
my goodness okay you guys you days week
Oh baby's group that's my mouth out
