oops the return of jar dole is good
energy thanks dude welcome to Jenna's
ratchets the lawn this week on Jenna's
ratchet salon which I just invented is
the thing I am just gonna do some
to Hannah Hart's face if you don't know
who we an artist I don't know what
you're doing with your life so you need
to figure out your internet I need your
hair give me that hair though so Jenna
what are we doing first we're just gonna
put some foundation on you and don't
worry that it doesn't match your skin
tone because we're just gonna do it
that's just why I don't worry about it
shoots Jenna's ratchet salon we don't do
things like worrying about eyes it looks
like I just played in the dirt yep
welcome to the dream my vision for
Hannah is to just put as much makeup on
her as I can yeah that's it that's all
yeah so much makeup that tomorrow when I
wake up I live my face off the pillow
and a whole other faces they're staring
back at me it's right now this might
look a little extreme but don't worry
wait a minute now I'm just in drag
what the don't worry about it don't
question my technique everyone knows
that I'm like the best makeup artist in
the world I tell you my plan of the Apes
auditions not happening taste it this is
why I don't get paid money to do this I
might poke your eye out I've never felt
more beautiful you look like a
ventriloquist puppet hi everyone you
have to keep your mouth Hart and I can't
wait to get in your pants
magic and this is why I always have
orange in my hair because it's just
makeup now your skin looks is orange is
mine what's fun about Jenna's active
line after a while your vision starts to
get just a little bit blurry as if
there's a nice haze of powdery film 100
yeah I've never seen my eyes they always
have makeup on my contacts I put it
there let's give you some of this foam
I gotta like poop so your tear ducts
don't like clogged yeah drive up like
Ryan Seacrest yeah we're gonna give
Hannah a nice black smoky eye have you
ever had a smoky eye yeah well I haven't
Jenna and I don't know if I will after
this either how honest is you what if
you look at yourself you're like oh my
god I'm so hot I mean that would just be
how I wake up every day oh my god I
actually think I am kind of starting to
look hot at VidCon I put that pink
lipstick on you and I'm gonna use in
this video for shadowy you looked it
like goes really good it looks dope not
like six kids ready gotta find out
you're gonna Sam is Hannah jr. Hannah
the third favorite baby best not going
to do your eyeliner this the most
difficult parts of Jenna's four
attributes belong okay close rastmouse
I'm the get legs god it feel really
intense it's the nose contouring yeah I
didn't know it's contrary do you ever do
Halloween makeup yeah kinds of makeup
here try this ratchet baby salon I can
make it look like Groot you know we're
going with one look great you know thank
you
all right look up it's about to get more
now it's the weird part
just a weird part feels like weird
things it's gonna get weirder than this
what yep this was the weird part yeah is
this the part where it feels like it's
tickling my gums and also the inside of
my head yeah cool great look up uh don't
move it makes me clench my butt oh I
think it got a little in there hmm
oh man just like weird feelings it
literally really does make me clutch my
battle to do girl get smoked oh
wait do I look like maybe I'm in kabuki
yes oh wait what's kabuki um an ancient
form of Japanese theater arts
so we're doing it these are really big
as what she said
minor fairing to my goals I have two
options for your brows okay we have
powder highbrow or lowbrow fart jokes
it feels like my eyelid is wearing a hat
is it poking you are those it feel sexy
it looks sexy look at that are your eyes
so open right now oh my god that's so
funny because my eye feels the opposite
about fit it feels like this eye is shut
and also that like besides wearing away
would feel like a pirate
how do people drive with these things
yeah I feel draw this one said you don't
look drunk you look great this is trying
out just I wanted to welcome the genes--
rental salon I'm like we're making you
into a ten plus ten plus you're at 20 I
started off at a ten right you did it
though that's all flashback to how I
originally look oh here at Jenna's
ratchet salon we also do muscles we all
because that part out people like
bananas are not bad nothing thank you
business obviously nothing happened it's
getting weird over here don't worry
today might be a little weird right now
but they're gonna get great Jesus Christ
don't worry they're going they're gonna
get great don't question greatness I was
with you all the way right now I'm you
gotta trust I'm having my first shred of
doubt see the trick is first to make
them outrageous they gotta and then you
make them not this is my forehead each
other it's like I had ABS on my head hey
guys oh here we go Duke we thought our
dicks work do you think I can pick up
chicks looking like this yeah I don't
know I think if we go to a gay bar
people definitely think of
I get so hot oh you know stress it's
like peppermint that's the color that
inspired this whole look this baby pink
with a smokey eye it's very five years
ago wait you look just like me
hey girls it's me Hey I mean hello I
would totally have sex with me right now
don't want fits me to do me me dude you
look sick from the side hey Jimmy did
that girl wait how do I drink if I have
lipstick on you just do it yeah that
must be how you can always tell which
drink is yours
there it is this is where you guys can't
even tell I lifted up my shirt this
looks like a sacrificial Celtic symbol
hey Jenna it's me Tiffany let's find the
boys oh my god Thank You Jenna's ratchet
salon Sunday will you give me a makeover
yeah yeah okay guys it's frantic why
didn't my makeover give you a speech of
benefit I remember I said hey guys very
good uh yes
it also feels good but like it seriously
looks like stubble feels so right we
didn't get it make sure you subscribe to
my channel put on the business level is
it get
get yep that's so politely yeah
 you I'm like all the universe
Jenna that's like that's great yeah
by Dubai bye
