if you tell anyone I'll fucking kill you
or maybe to get off the pill I'm getting
so fat everywhere oh you can't wear that
won't trust up at all oh my god no I do
not eat diet fine I mean a fake profile
and friend of my ex just so I could see
what he's doing
wait that's a lot of people how many
people have you had sex with
I can't drink tonight I think I'm
pregnant are you going to species bridal
shower I mean I would go except they're
family fucking sucks one time I was
letting my boyfriend do anal and I
pooped all over his dick Jenny you have
something there - oh my god yeah we're
like right on your finger yeah you do
look fat not sorry did he get it out
no still there in here let me just get
it out did you want your hair to look
ratty because it's like really ratty in
the back there oh yeah how long is it in
there you'll even tell me you're gonna
be so mad at me I fucking suck man
boyfriend last night came your fault
you're not texting him tonight fine we
should both get pregnant at the same
time so that our kids can be like best
friends
I'll start trying if you start trying I
know you're like one of my best friends
- she thinks really best friends so
typical I said this guy than I'm talking
to a picture of me naked with my face in
it and he's my boss I'm sleeping with my
boss and he's the principal of the
school that I teach at yeah he's married
but he's not like that Mary do you know
you're like queen
I know right it's so fun you like squirt
the water everywhere he's just like what
do you expect to happen I told you to
break up with him like two years ago
he's horrible I can't believe Amanda's
mom got her a new hot tub so nice yeah I
painted it fuck that bitch
I really can't drink tonight I'm taking
antibiotics for that thing that guy you
me oh my god don't make me laugh I have
to move stop stop I totally have to fake
it with him sometimes this is so sweaty
they might break up with them why do you
drink I think I'm pregnant I logged on
to his Instagram he's been sending
shirtless d-ends to like hos and no we
broke up like three years ago but he
should still want me I really like my
boyfriend but he can only have sex when
he's watching gay porn I'm getting
really sick of it I like him but I don't
think he's like the one so it's only a
matter of time before just break up with
him I'm obsessed with this crawl on
Instagram my gay really obsession
watching lesbian porn my gay I love you
but like I would never make out with you
I just want a pizza yeah she invited me
to her wedding woman I already have katy
perry tickets at night oh my god one of
my boobs is totally bigger than the
other one time I mean I was my cousin
well only because I didn't know that
cousins event that you were like related
okay innie or outie nipples any nipples
yeah those are things that you would
only tell your best friend that was the
most requested video that you guys
suggested on my facebook a couple weeks
ago so I just what I hadn't made it
happen it could have gotten a lot worse
than that trust me
I wrote some shit that I cut out cuz
they're too far maybe someday I'll
record them and then you can laugh for
those of you that like slightly
offensive jokes we can get real together
yeah make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday and thanks for the suggestion
I had fun making this and also the
triumphant return of mock mock think our
thanks
I have a public service announcement
there's no longer man crush Monday
it's MOC crush Monday I can't fucking I
can't handle it
I can do it I love your flower crown
like you look so many thanks I picked
them myself
yeah from the neighbor's yard Oh MOC um
I really like you were a brunette last
time and you're a blonde now this looks
really nice on you yeah I mean not
everyone can pull it off so cuz I'll do
it cuz I can we're done we're done okay
for those of you who are gonna say shit
about my to top this thing totally fits
great and my boobs are so perfect that I
didn't have to pull it up at once I dare
you to try to find a spot where I pulled
it up I didn't they stay mark doesn't
have bad outfits I'm done with this
