who did who did i GG why I'm a gives a
Lea and first thing first I'm the
realest at the whole world fell at our
does that so I just arrived here from
Tokyo and I took the fast thing which is
actually like a particularly nice ride
as opposed to some of the other ways you
might get here to 4th of July public
holidays coming up soon I don't know
what you thinking like Iggy what do you
know about an American holiday because
you're a nosy and all that it's no
workers though because I've been living
here for like two years so I think I
know how to throw sick Barbie you know
what I mean
so I'm gonna show you what to do for you
July 4th holiday so you can be all
festive hopefully you'll have the day
off and you don't have to go to work
what what what
working on my sheet yet and hopefully
you get to spend it with your mates and
your family and you won't be like alone
like no money no family 16 in the middle
of Miami like I was once Oh Darko time
for me it's really dark and hard not
gonna lie I'm pretty fucking rich and
hot so first things first the best time
the happier Bobby is a novel and for
those of you who don't know what the
elbow is it's like right when the Sun
like kids out of your arm Gigi why we're
gonna decorate all table heads I got
this nice tablecloth active like
American if you just want to decorate
your entire party with things that
scream like patriotism and independence
to like this kangaroo here hey Deb's
cheeky little buggers a beauty history
for you Americans actually wrote on the
backs of kangaroos while they were
fighting for their independence so I
mean they're actually quite festive next
thing we're gonna put on table
koalas because if you look close enough
at the American
Legg there's actually koalas on it right
to make everything feel extra festive
we're gonna put some Aussie flags there
similar to the United States of America
flags except I don't know they're just
like a little more decorative you know
people will automatically see like oh
it's an Aussie flag but it looks so much
like American so just they'll get it you
know yeah yeah merica who did who did
Gigi this would be like a really festive
bag to bring you're gonna need some food
to feed your guests mine's actually in
there right now so I'm gonna pull it out
are you what I'm cooking nice and ready
nice American cheezles my favorite
crisps you put them on your fingers like
this think about America yeah America's
a sick culture cut is good next oh it's
another great American food Vegemite
I've heard that all the kids growing up
in America they love to eat Vegemite
sandwiches so no Bobby would be complete
without Vegemite everyone loves it
lastly for dessert we got some Tim Tams
I was a little hungry earlier though I
just went ahead and ate some but there's
still enough in there to feed like one
and a half people now we need to just
get our meat overhead I've invited my
mate Ariana Grande Ariana likes to sit
on the lap now your skill you drink mate
I didn't come here to fuck spiders too
much up you can't you a little right I'm
ahead move your bed find the fucking
Huntsman alright well that's it I'm out
you do ba that's how you draw a real
American Bobby have a good fourth of
July and then I'll see you guys any
dreams
jiae's may fuck you do up yeah yeah okay
I'm it sorry but my Australian accents
so good it's fucking hard but I love it
more than whole world how much you love
a geek a smash ow
excuse you ariana make sure you
subscribe to my channel put on two views
every Wednesday also just news for those
of you that don't follow me on Twitter
and like that I'm going to be hosting a
serious XM the YouTube 15 on hits 1
starting July 11th it's going to be at 6
p.m. on Fridays and I'm basically just
going to be counting down the most
emerging and popular music on YouTube
every single week so if you have a XM
radio or if you don't fucking get it so
that we can listen together I'm going to
be hosting that show so I'm very excited
like it's gonna be dope what's my butt
alright say see you guys next week bye
bye flap back our boat
