oh well I dyed my hair purple because
why wouldn't you dye your hair purple I
just want to say a quick thank you to
all of you that wrote me very very very
nice things after my last video my 200th
video I love all you guys so much and it
means the world to me for those of you
that follow me on Twitter I told you
this week's video is gonna be really
stupid and I wasn't lying
I got a ukulele his name is Kevin and I
got him a week ago and if you would like
to watch a really stupid video and some
really less than mediocre ukulele
playing then keep watching so I want to
explain to you this song every time
marbles would jump off the couch me and
Julian started screaming at him rebel no
Bibles outie is that what you live boy
rebel no cuz it looks like he's gonna
jump off and commit suicide so we have
like all these clips of him jumping off
the couch and I decided that it made me
laugh too hard to just upload it to my
vlog channel so I wanted to write marble
a little song on Kevin so here is marble
don't do it every time we're hanging out
and mom was on the couch I could see
they're thinking about the perfect time
to jump off the warmth I feel so lost
marble you're gonna be fine cuz I just
went to the kitchen to get some water
I wouldn't believe you for long well she
would just calm down to his round around
so for him I wrote this song marbles for
you marble don't do it
well don't do it so much to live for
we jump a little t22 aside marble don't
do it so much to live for my will don't
do it so my show is for well and no it
seems odd to sing a song to your dog but
you could sing it to your cat or better
answer friend or dead either way it's
never bad to tell someone that's sad
well it might sound funny if you sing it
to your bunny but not if your bunny was
your one true honey BAE animals that
feeling - you got a feeling that I love
you if you don't turn the blues cuz
that's bad for me don't do it dude so
much to live for
marbles don't do it don't commit suicide
from the cow yeah
well his name is marble any six years
old and he's the love of my life and
he's a ship tomorrow and if he died I
would cry cuz he's the end of my he's so
little and handsome life without him
would let well he's not the brightest
but that's okay with me cuz he shines
allowed to see my heart so please don't
drop little man let me get you with my
hands and hold you real tight till you
feel alright which you would stupid on
the couch marble we could cut ties with
all the lies juban live in it it's like
you play and if you do not wanna see
your mom again I would try to understand
yes
I would understand yeah
and I really can't but I wanna stay
and we drive I would understand yeah
yeah when I would miss you my bowl
Marvel still doing
offices you like that song are you gonna
think twice about jumping out the couch
and committing suicide you have so much
to live for
marbles also hates Kevin there's
probably the stupidest video I've ever
made I don't care because I wanted it to
exist they make sure you subscribe to
our Channel and put on TV every
Wednesday and for those of you that are
gonna be a VidCon I'm waving like
now-ish bye bye bye bye it's for the
song Kevin
come in Thanks
