oh they kid like you so I've been to
quite a few bars and clubs in my
lifetime I always without fail see some
group of white girls doing the following
dances so I just wanted to make it a
thing that existed it just compiled all
of drunk white girls moves together
sometimes I definitely do some of these
when I've had more than enough drinks so
don't worry and making fun of me as much
as I'm making fun of you here is how to
dance like a white girl just in case you
ever wanted to know or maybe you're one
of these people and this is what you
look like
consider this an intervention
drinking my drink
oh my god yeah Clark
oh fuck this bitch when you need a few
pairs on the box
yes I can it be done what do you need
what do you need
hurry up
big thanks to Julian for being in this
video with me Julian what is your name
Madeline petal how do you spell it mo
cute oh my god Julian is a good sport
alright come you see make sure you
subscribe to our channel I put out a
video every Wednesday you can be a white
girl and dance just don't dance like a
white girl how many times have you seen
someone go like this though why can't I
on the bar don't do this at people that
are working in nightlife thanks love the
world I'll see you guys next week bye
and stare mat going to end growl my name
is now on I basically invented dancing
moq
dance it's like my name my middle name
is da n but it's pronounced dance I'm
good I'm good stop hating
