it's an airplane so anyone that knows me
or has ever met my dogs knows that I'm
like really good at dog parenting I've
never had any dogs before marbles and
Kermit and they both just scream very
experienced dog owner hey you're so
well-behaved I would describe my dog
parenting style as selfish as in like me
selfish like I just want love and
affection so for all of you don't
parents out there here's my tutorial on
how to parent your dog really really
really good when you first get a new dog
make sure that they know their place
bare the dog and you're the boss a
little baby puppy okay you're gonna
learn where to sleep you have to sleep
in the crate cuz you're a dog you can
sleep in the bed yes again make sure you
work hard to teach them where the
bathroom is so they don't piss and
everywhere when they have an accident in
the house let them know that you're not
happy is that your poop it's okay I
forgive you everybody has accidents yeah
at least you don't poop it pee on me
like babies too make sure you feed them
a high-quality organic dog food what do
you guys want for breakfast my chicken
yeah or bacon one eggs hi yeah can I get
a chicken Caesar salad and hold on sorry
this must split the filet tonight any
feeling more like asking - alright yeah
can I also get a few tuna please you
know what Rodgers maple then you guys
can have dessert make sure your dog gets
plenty of exercise all right walk each
other
don't let your small dog become a noisy
Barker make sure they know when it's
okay to bark come on when you walk your
dog they should be by your side and not
walking you can get the picture they
know what the word no means and when
they're doing something you don't want
them to do no come on no make sure to
bathe them regularly ah mistake bath
make sure your dog's wear their collars
at all times you're naked you're naked
yeah make sure that they mastered the
life-saving commands like sit come and
stay before teaching them any tricks are
we stay folks
I will cut bottle Cup when driving with
your dogs in the car make sure that
they're under control Kermit remember
your dogs are not your babies only give
them praise when it's appropriate good
food good ears eyes look at those addy
when you barked earlier you barked
whistles Wow yeah wise don't be fooled
by gimmicky overpriced dog products that
you don't need $55 for a heated cat bed
worth it we know cat perch didn't worth
it and lastly make sure that your dog is
socialized so that they don't freak out
when they see other dogs so as you can
see I'm pretty much like an expert which
is why I have the most well-behaved dogs
in the world in all seriousness though
it's really hard being a dog period
because all you want to do is spoil them
rotten but sometimes that just makes you
just rotten right level so no I'm not
the only one that lets their dog just
get away with fuckery sometimes because
it's very hard to discipline me when I
love you so much oh good burp endless
praise endless alright so make sure you
subscribe to our trailer boundaries
every Wednesday ok you can ask bacon
yeah all right day see you next week
yeah bye
ok now no barking Oh
