hello I'm just eating some Raisinets
across the world I'm actually right now
in Bali because I went to YouTube he
invested in Singapore and we did that
who's amazing and then I'm going to
Sydney so I had a little time in between
so I came to Bali and it's beautiful and
amazing and the people that I met in
Singapore were some of the nicest people
that they have ever met in my life like
ever and I'm always so happy to go to
Sydney and hang out with all my
Australian friends I'm living fucking
tomorrow for Sydney so I will see you
guys like in a day so this week's video
I just wanted to show you guys what I've
been doing across the world from where
are we Lucas market for some things
place is great just like wandering
looking for cool things like that hat
John passage of the world on top of the
building of the boat
I just realized that I'm also terrified
of heights Gary bervin can't go to the
pool because that's what guests only and
we can't go to the Skydeck because we
will get wet good
and above in the sky
Singapore I'm about to come see you and
hug you in London and outside it in like
a lovely place and I'm gonna be in there
in a couple minutes away
wait what do you think of the city it's
amazing a fucking awesome
like sweating now we're going to fall
leaving Singapore a couple of oils life
is packed like super fucking fat need to
pay extra for our bag I save all my fan
stuff and everything so you gotta do
suitcases to try to town and we filled
it with all the bad stuff and then they
charge us bad extra money like we could
have brought somebody else to volunteer
as a person Oh in here lady just let it
cowboy something else it was a monkey so
I see everyone Sydney okay couple of oil
walking around Bali wrong where do you
want to go down movies
so there's a breakfast in Bali it's
gotten to fate at all
and now Rome is going to help a mango
soup
we've been eating salaah fruit snake
fruit like the entire time here in our
church I've never eaten a mango seeds so
that's what we're doing that legs row I
tried to like pull it apart like an
orange it didn't get nowhere looks like
a seat it's so good I'm gonna eat mine
like this oh oh let's not trouble the
shuttle bus juju Romans are mystical
books look who just got here i waked
out.you Bali big w Bali so I actually
did tell this story on the plane when we
were like coming to Bali but it got cut
off because we're actually fucking took
off so I save all my fans stuff so I had
to get an extra suitcase while I was in
Singapore it's only found one and we're
in like Chinatown like bartering for
this fucking suitcase so we go in there
and we're like how much is this one he's
like 175 it roams like mmm I don't know
I think fucking 45 and he's like 140
she's like how about $10 like she's
fucking like such a ballbuster like not
taking any shit from the students he
just starts laughing at us and I'm just
standing there like whatever like the
price of the price I'll just pay for it
like can we leave like whatever in
bronze like no no no I can't and I'll
count down so we finally get this
fucking suitcase
after he's like laughing at us we're in
the middle of Chinatown we've no fucking
clue where we were like that same time
Rome lost her wallet and then we found
it like the cab driver brought it back
to us so we get this fucking suitcase
and it's in like this packed like a
little story trying to tell
who's like racks and racks and racks of
like clothes and like everything you can
imagine and so I like in my head was
like oh I wanna like wheel this out of
here there's like tons of people walking
you try it out like it's just gonna be
weird if I fucking look it in the middle
of everyone like it's rolling they know
so I was like you know what I'll do I'll
fucking lift it up pick it up over my
head and carry it that way so we're like
thank you bye Rome's got her back during
to me and I just lift this giant ass
suitcase up over my head and start
walking back up and yeah it's enormous
and and everything you started falling
off all the racks behind me it was just
like laughing she's like Jenna put it
down and I'm like no no like a few years
only I already committed to this I got a
funny I don't want to admit defeat like
I want to just keep going like I got it
it's okay and the guy's going miss miss
me just put it down put it down like no
no it's a gag and then I just screamed I
don't want to make it weird even though
I was doing everything in my power to
make it as weird as possible so we just
keep saying I wanna make it with holes
come baby I see oh she came up to over
to the mountains and what
you look the happiest day of my life you
know picking his balls lizard
it's just freaking out copra Alocasia
evening okay did you get your dinner
know what please jump in there so much
to live for
like you like thinking I'd always doing
it in this house I mokey look my phone
just like they told us not to get for
I would like
I'm standing by
taquitos and I'm hands in my pockets
with this this monkey just jumps up
we're trying to feel like you know great
jumps on my leg he jumps on my hand like
right here and just bites the dick I
don't know he look at that he just bit
the absolute dick out of right hand and
I'm just glad he didn't like break the
skin where I did get a bunch of shots so
instead of that thanks thanks monkey
I have souvenir now motherfucker yeah
well well I was telling that story a
little of these two are doing touching
some poke like our waiter last night he
was rubbing his nipples and then looking
his fingers who's serving people their
food here at the elephant safari to see
the elephant so these are blue
we're gonna go feed the elements so I'm
gonna blow
Oh
that's what we're not doing when we
choose not to ride the elephants because
it might get weird
Ellis selfie we're told that the most
expensive type of coffee is a mist cat
that's the most expensive type of coffee
that there is cat poop I'll show you so
in the poo coffee yes you did Google
Kitty stuff and now we're gonna like
walk down where you'd see like the
terraced Gardens but I can see it
right
movie or King Kong it's not even real
life it looks so amazing make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday I'm making this
video it's Tuesday for you and it's
worth it for me I'm in the future your
house and guys next week look he's bite
no fuck but I miss you guys I love you
and that sweet guy will make a real
video this week I just wanted to show
you cool awesome stuff to make its you
later bye selfies Jacob okay that's
enough of that but
