oh girl I think this is by far the most
festive hair and makeup I've ever had
for a video do you wanna know me don't
mind my dry shampoo then they say hair
like white and my roots look sad so I
made a video three years ago called what
Disney movie is choppy and I focused
heavily on the traditional Disney
Princesses but ever since then this has
been one of the most requested videos
for me to do because there's been
several movies that have come out in the
last few years and I want to focus on a
couple of the newer movies and some of
the old plots because for the most part
everyone like when frozen and brave and
all that she came out blue like you
didn't talk about this because this is
the best fucking movie ever and I love
frozen but you know what if you're gonna
get offended by the holes I'm about to
poke in that shit and you can just close
your ears and your eyes and get off the
internet because this is not the place
for you my friend
the first movie that I want to talk
about is frozen frozen is a wonderful
epic amazing movie that everyone loves
but there are some things that I would
like to point out there just a little
bit fucked up first of all frozen taught
me that if you like almost kill your
sibling when your little kids a way to
go about handling that situation it's
just a fucking eraser memory
you should just go fucking hide in a
room for your entire life and don't
fucking tell anybody
like let's just hush-hush and we're
gonna erase this child's memory of it so
we don't have to deal with this ever
again the next thing the frozen taught
me is that again gingers no freckles
it's just not true
Disney I mean it's just fucking not
genetically possible and I'm waiting for
you to put as much time and effort into
animating some motherfucking freckles as
you do with hair the next thing the
frozen taught me I have to give kudos
Disney here that this is like the first
movie that they've ever made where a
girl meets a fucking dude after like two
days
yay happily ever after knot it didn't
work out he wasn't a fucking good guy he
was a bad dude but can I just say one
thing that at some point in your life
maybe you have or you absolutely will
have a family member a loved one a
friend who is dating somebody that they
fucking love that you know is all that
all that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
bad but you know what you do you don't
fucking tell them that they can't be
with them because you know what happens
then they just fucking give you the
finger and then you're out you get in
that shit Elsa you fucking cock block
you're just hating on your hot ginger
sister because she is getting attention
from dudes and all you can do is sit in
your room and play with your ice hands
that bitch needs to mind her business
cuz you know what else I could have done
she could have been like hey if you
really like this dude like why didn't
you just like date him for six months or
something and if you still wanna marry
him then you guys can you married but no
she just rape said no was a bitch about
it she wasn't even like semi supportive
she was oh booj the next thing that
frozen taught me is that if you have
like really semi dangerous powers that
could kill people when they get anywhere
near you cuz you can't control them you
know you shouldn't sit down and have a
conversation with people so that they
understand or try and harness them you
should just be reckless with your
fucking powers and let people sit
outside your quarantine door and ask you
incessantly if you want to build a
fucking snowman bitch sit down have a
conversation with your sister tell them
the deal and then go build a fucking
snowman get over yourself you're a
selfish selfish bitch pull the page on
the fucking x-men's handbook go to find
Xavier go to x-men school and learn how
to handle your shit okay it's just not
acceptable to like kill people with your
hands and then be like oops I guess I'm
just gonna run away ah go die anybody
Elsa irresponsible the next thing that
frozen taught me is that if you want to
throw a giant temper tantrum you want to
run away from your problems instead of
like explaining them to people it's cool
as long as you build yourself a giant
fucking ice bitch castle and you send
like a really dope song while you're
doing it and then everyone forgets there
being like a really moody bitch you're
like alice is awesome good for you
let it go like fucking dear Elsa clearly
the cold does bother you anyway because
when it gets cold you turn into a
fucking bitch the cold means that I'm on
my period that's what that song fucking
called it was gonna be you for Halloween
for us on the movie because I saw that
you look just like me but I don't want
to fucking be a bitch for Halloween even
though you have a cool dress and I
thought that your hands made ice and
snow now dresses would you get that from
the next movie I want to talk about is
brave brave was probably the most
misleading marketed advertised movie
I've ever seen I thought it was gonna be
a chi chick fuckin Robin Hood because
all this show is her like archery hair
that's not what happens at all no what
happens in brave is that she's supposed
to get in the fucking arranged marriage
because that's fucking culturally
accurate at the time she doesn't want to
so her mom tells her you have to get
married she says no I'm a fucking bitch
with no freckles I don't have red hair
it's not even possible so what am I
gonna do I'm gonna wander into the
forest and find a fucking witch that'll
give me some shit that'll make my mom
say that I don't have to do what she
says stereotypical Disney piece-of-shit
princess I'm sorry
you are fucking just as bad as all the
rest of them you go to a witch you get
some shit to disobey your parents then
she gives her mom some fucking cake
that'll make her tell her that she
doesn't have to get fucking married but
what happens or mom turns into a bear
and then the rest of the movie is them
like hanging out her mom's a bear and
they're trying to under the moral of
that story
don't turn your mom into a bear love
your mother I don't even know like the
real story
go to bed don't fucking disobey your
parents and then weird shit like this
won't fucking happen don't trust fucking
witches because they say that they're a
fucking witch and they're gonna give you
some crazy-ass cake you're on a feed to
someone that's poisoning them that's
wrong you should go to jail at least go
to juvie for that result like attempted
bear murder I'm your mom Fantasia and
Alice in Wonderland taught me that drugs
are very powerful things and I'm just
going to stay over here and have nothing
to do with that I'll watch the stuff
that comes out of your brain while
you're on drugs but yeah Aladdin taught
me that if you're not a prince just lie
and say that you are fake it until you
make it to debt pussy alright everything
ends up okay in the end and that girl
will forgive you because she's the dumb
bitch they'll taught me to never judge a
book by it's cover then what the fuck is
a cover for because a beast is a beast
honey and you are after his castle and
money bitch you are a gold digger
you are the Kim Kardashian of
motherfucking Disney Princesses fucking
Mulan yeah when I made the last video
everyone was like you didn't talk about
Milan the general gist of Milan is this
place in China they're getting taken
over whatever they're at war the men in
China get drafted lawns a girl and the
only person from her family that can go
fight in the war is her elderly father
so Mulan just pretends to be a dude and
goes into the war for her father now in
the story the original like poem they
never reveal them Alonza chick she stays
a dude but in the movie they're like oh
your girl yay celebration it's
completely fucking ridiculous like Mulan
basically taught me you know what sucks
the law so you know what you should just
do break it and then you're above the
law because you're a good fucking person
so laws don't a fucking apply to you
that's what Mulan taught me like I'm
sorry but it what is it year 500 or some
dick in China ain't nobody got time for
you and your needs Mulan your debts was
to go into the fucking war no exceptions
Plus this movie doesn't make me feel any
sort of like girl-power feelings like I
don't know what you guys are fucking
talking about this girl literally had to
become a man in order to do the plot of
the movie so you're telling me if I want
a job or if I want to do something in
life the answer is to just fucking chop
your hair off and pretend you're a dude
where's the girl power yeah yeah yeah
shit in that the only other thing I have
to say about the Little Mermaid that I
didn't say in the last video is dear
Ariel how in the hell when you spread
your little legs and you come out of the
ocean are you wearing a fucking sequined
gown how it's sparkling water and
sequins don't mix it doesn't work and
lastly and this Phil doesn't fucking
change ever no matter how many years go
by and the weirder it gets but
apparently the prerequisite for all of
your dreams coming true is your
motherfucking parents need to be dead as
fuck why are all of our parents dead so
yeah that's part two of what Disney
movies taught me I'm sure there's more
but I mostly just want to do a dress
frozen and brave because you guys seem
to think that those movies have no
bullshit in them cock-blocking house
ginger fucking no freckle having bitches
you say make sure you subscribe to our
channel good on TVs every Wednesday here
so handsome
what would your Disney story be like
once upon a time it was a Kermit there
love chicken and then he traveled very
very far across the kitchen and he went
and begged his mom for chicken and
guardian yeah what a good story no good
story hey I'll see you guys next week
bye
