to this rich hair salon so this week I
really wanted to have fun and do a
challenge so instead of just doing one
challenge I wanted to do a bunch of
challenges and hopefully most of them
are relatively self-explanatory ain't
nobody got time to fucking sit around
explain it with dick we're doing so you
don't know what we're doing you can find
it on the YouTube machine someone else
has done it
especially Melissa these Gina and Jesse
from boyfriend vs. girlfriend except for
the ones that aren't challenges in which
case they're nowhere fuckery you guys
are always complaining that I never
collaborated with anyone else and I know
how much you hate Julian so luckily
Julian is not gonna be in this week's
video it's going to be Kate Upton or
slew of other very special guests we're
you served the cotton ball challenge you
got a scooped his dick and his dick
while you're blindfolded and then see
how many dicks you got do it let's not
LS that all right don't pull my hair
back I'm so glad that I did my hair and
makeup Thank You Kate Upton hey five
scoops really big but I bet that I have
one one three yes all right that's gonna
be tough to beat from what I've seen
this dick be hard dope that's what you
said
okay go one scoop it up there's not a
baby two scoops Kate you're so crushing
it right now
get in good work gonna get it I can't
tell you you know I can't tell you five
scoops here comes with this scoop is
gonna be the biggest one yet legs get
legs by four that's - I guess what is
one just one three it's like the price
is right you can bid under it but not
over what okay Price is Right yes Kate
Upton box next challenge
my next very special guest is Chloe from
vine right Chloe
would you like to play chubby bunny
chubby clue one I know I stop chubby
bunny
you gotta know once at first
chubby bunny chubby bunny chubby bunny
all right Remax real quick I mean bunny
chubby bunny 1 5 seconds left
Oh
and our last very special guest father I
really don't even know who this is but
this picture I've been crying laughing
at basically I'm gonna take this Cool
Whip and I'm gonna try to just flick it
in around
I have it in my mouth and then spit in
the cup let's say we got to get to like
the Stars Challenge Sean let's go there
you go
look at this fucking trooper Jesus for
Jenna and her whipped cream covered face
fucking an epic challenge matchup
because one challenge is enough I would
like to thank all my very special guests
today Kate Upton Miley Cyrus Chloe from
vine and whoever the fuck this is
and make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put on the views every
Wednesday lunch Thursday if you do any
of the challenges in this video fucking
tag me or tweet at me cuz it for me or
her or Miley yeah okay it'll just be so
confused if you did this cool hwhip
challenge that you decided to Kate
outfit and you really look alright see
you guys next scene bye I'd really have
had enough for know I really had enough
nope No
