geminate ha I have made a few of these
in the past I made what a girl's hair
means what a girl's makeup needs what a
girl's nails mean and this has been the
most requested video along those lines
for what something needs and it's what a
girl's shoes mean because there's lots
of different types of shoes there's all
kinds and they all speak to different
parts of your personality and I wear
like all of these so don't worry I'm
insulting myself as much as I am anyone
else so here is what a girl's shoes me
sneakers mean I'm so acted like you tell
how active I am I'm burning so many
calories just like wearing my sneakers
I'd like to wear them just like to walk
around like the Pinkberry liked it some
Froyo you know most people only get like
two toppings but I'm gonna get like all
the toppings because I've been so good
this week like I only ate like asparagus
for like days flip-flops mean it's so
hot oh and I also loved an obscure
--tz-- my feet like sometimes get really
dirty from my flip-flops it's not my
feet it's my flip-flops and sometimes I
flip-flops really dirty but it's on my
feet heel flip flops and wedge mean I'm
going somewhere formal but it's also hot
but I also need to be casual and it also
means I can't walk on grass because if I
do I'm gonna roll my ankle and break it
but it doesn't matter because there's no
grass in Vegas or cava or Dubai or
daddy's yacht white tennis shoes mean
I'm going to Disneyland with my kids on
a Saturday hoping for all Sun and no
lines don't worry honey we can totally
breastfeed Tommy while we're reading a
line for spaceman and don't forget your
visor or else you're not getting a
churro or white tennis shoes me I'm a
cheerleader I practice my low kicks me a
cheer geared towards and pain in my ass
white tennis shoes also means daddy's
that bartlett's how this weekend Crocs
mean I enjoy bizarre tan lines and
having my feet get wet like all the time
I like wearing them so much but when the
tread goes
on I just fall down when anything is
slippery they're like giant hard feet
condoms with holes in them they're like
rap video hoes condoms your feet kitten
heels mean oh I just saved burrito
already addressed that but my thighs are
chafing so I mean I tried cowboy boots
mean if you're not from a southern see
ideas on bars for a living for free and
then I get kicked out for dancing on
bars for a living for free you guys want
to see Kenny Chesney this weekend cuz I
heard that he's play at the Texas I come
a supper
bugs mean these are actually quite
comfortable shoes or I just want to be
comfy because they've class today I'm a
PR major with a minor and sucking hockey
bench players dicks big jugs mean I've
actually been to Australia and I can't
tell which of these stores are selling
real ups and fake ups I'm a tourist
riding boots mean if you're near horse
it means you're going to ride a horse if
you're not near a horse it means I'm
gonna ride your dick thigh high boots
mean I'm like four drinks away from
putting your dick in my mouth but not my
vagina
toe shoes mean I love rock climbing and
strengthening the arch of my foot like a
lot of feeling the ground I'm also
available on a Craigslist later to fuck
you in your wife but also my pitbull
Newfoundland Blue Ridge back mix needs
to come with us and please bring full
bladders clear stripper heels mean I'm
at work right now or I'm available for
work right now name your price or I
don't know how to act right platform
heels mean this is the point of my week
where I start drinking or if you play
your cards right you might see one of
the hidden creases of my ass tonight
through my shorts a close toe pump means
I am so classy and sophisticated an
obnoxious colored clothes so pump means
my daddy owns like one and a half used
mostly used car dealerships and like
three legs of the bowling alley like you
should be so lucky to buy me some
takeout lobster plus we have a timeshare
in Tampa a strappy open-toed shoes
I heard Mario Lopez gonna be at the club
tonight mmm look who's getting pregnant
he leaves mean I'm on my way to fuck
your bitch or I'm 9 or both
roller blades or roller skates mean I
want everyone in Miami to see my ass
us.i a low heel means I'm kind of
insecure about being the tall girl but I
wanted to sound like I dressed up
tonight I don't know what to do with my
long legs what a burden you guys are
thought lucky you can wear heels ah
being barefoot means get some fucking
shoes and lastly timberlands on a girl
mean bad bitch alert bad bitch contest
you in first place so yeah that's what a
girl shoes mean because I'm just all
knowing of everything and this video
made so much sense
hey make sure you subscribe to our
Channel put our two views every
Wednesday / Thursday I was can you say I
arrived you that was a good I love you
good boy
okay back back ratchet hair doe Jana you
can come to my ratchet ass lotta time
bye bye
