girl you looking like a snack hey you
didn't drop my lunch pocket
you looking last night was the streamys
I'm like literally having a spiritual
mental emotional physical like hangover
like I'm drained I'm tired
it's like going to prom on a Tuesday and
then we the next day I'd be like I have
school today except you don't get to eat
or drink or dance or yeah no food no
alcohol no like your glass of water you
just have to dress up and sit the fuck
down
yeah but I want to do something pretty
chill today so hope you guys don't mind
that but Shane has actually made this
video on his channel which is how I
start like all of my videos now just
Shane has done the song nothing but
respect for my creator of the year
stopping her he reacted to some
compilation videos of him I think my
like the ones that I've seen that exist
of me or us is like not quite ashamed
just bring different brand yeah they're
a little different
stop going to snack right I'll stop once
he leaves there so we're going to react
to some compilations of us I'm really
excited about this okay so the top one
that comes up is Hirata's Jenna's hell
yeah combination
yeah I feel like in this video you can
see the progression of hell yeah - hell
yeah and it just gets worse and worse it
can I tell you how difficult it is to
watch this and not say hell yes you can
try not to hell yeah oh yeah it's also
like kind of embarrassing to watch a
compilation of you saying something over
it cuz it shows you how many times you
actually said it yeah I feel obnoxious
am i obnoxious don't know what this is
this is our twitch stream Julian was
playing don't starve and I decided to go
upstairs and get my Urban Decay electric
palette and start mixing together the
two green colors - green-screen the key
out my face in the shape of whiskers and
nose like a cat this is you interrupting
me this that part was just interrupting
Julian with hell yeah
you're like who's jennamarbles and
someone said them that video I'd be like
fuck that girl oh god oh my god so this
is totally where you started imitating
Shane Dawson when you have Shane's face
it's like next level
I discovered my head and Tom yeah have
you ever said it to Shane in person yeah
their face
yeah cuz of you guys like the hell yeah
videos it's embarrassing how many times
we've imitated Shane Dawson if you add
up the amount of times we've done that
on camera he's given us like three
videos worth of content probably thank
you change for the content Thank You
Shane this video is sponsored by shan
shan con flash aim to order some poison
Jen and Jillian best morning's moment is
their best and funniest moments I'm
telling you because a misspelled moments
I feel like a lot of people know but
some people are still genuinely confused
why I say that I have a basketball game
it's that stupid vine from years ago
that kid saying my name is Troy I have a
basketball game tomorrow I'm like a
little kid like I'll start saying
something you're doing something and
then I can't stop yeah I know you're
like a parrot it's him a parrot I'm a
snack this is so embarrassing how many
times I've said like there's two minutes
of footage of me saying I have a
basketball game Toria and you've never
went to a bath
nothing I just landed and I have a
basketball game you blatantly
interrupting me while blogging because
you want to do it Dean
that's an infix what I'm Jenna what do
you do for a living it's like you forget
give nothing to say so that's like your
default it's like you're a fucking
squeeze toy that says one thing over
okay literally like a boss and we're
fighting I like to run I like it because
I do have a basketball game tomorrow so
that was a good luck you don't have a
basket you've literally never ever had a
basketball game today or tomorrow after
all this talk you have to play a
basketball game at some point like my
compilations aren't like Jenna falling
down or like Jenna breaking something
it's like just saying the same shit over
and over every few months it's a new
thing
yeah that's true in ten years you put
all those videos together any getting a
little bit naughty message if you play
it backwards with your demon voice say
you're spelling out a ten year long
sentence from the Illuminati otech World
Order sick this is Jenna scream laughing
compilation which mind you I never
laughed like this until I met you Babji
yeah
I lied I lied you are one of the only
things that makes me scream laughs
except for a semester I'm sorry this is
the most meta thing I've ever done we're
watching a video
Jenna's Julianne compilation I really do
say your name like that
Julianne in Rome messing with you
what the fuck Julian what it's just a
note see Rome says Julian just like how
I say Julie to carry their own ugly hole
periscope sticker and then you know she
does we honestly I've never met a person
where I like have that same hate like a
sibling like you know and you just like
hate your sibling that's how me and mom
get sometimes look your hair okay I'm
gonna let one of Julian's secrets out
into the open this is like the peak of
you getting Brazilian blowouts I want to
get back to Julian gets Brazilian
blowouts when his hair is long enough it
looks beautiful and gorgeous
Julian soul mates without like the
cutest thing I've ever seen rhpc just
jumping
the mildly good pumpkin videos were
probably one my favorite to ever make
because we couldn't stop laughing you
know time it's like one long insect on
YouTube subscribe okay but let's not
glaze over the fact that this is one of
the most painful things that I don't
think I've ever filmed was doing spider
it hurts so bad
okay this is literally gonna make me
fucking cry it's just like really sweet
music and then all of your memories ow
Carnac crying for no reason compilation
this is the content I signed up for just
to say if you think that this
compilation shows Kermit crying for no
reason
you should try just living with him just
one day it's like one day if we were to
just like attach on the mic to Kermit
and record for one single day maybe we
should let's get him a tiny loss and
lock him up for 24 hours people leave me
comments all the time you like dogs
can't be dramatic I'm like you do not
know karmic I feel like this video is
like a good idea of what it feels like
to live yeah it's like a preview he says
he wanted a bigger one with a window so
annoying sitting on the bed facing the
other way crying into the air for no
reason it's watch Julian coughing name
any movie starring Julia Roberts
yeah Miss Congeniality no that's the
other one name any other movie star to
clear for her gross
this is a compilation of you not knowing
that at Princeton Julia Roberts and
Republican this is not Julia Roberts
that is Julia Roberts so some of my
favorite compilations are Julian's fire
segues from the podcast it's happened
before where when I don't know but it
happens that's weird
because I read the skim and I didn't
mean anything about it that question
else is comforting those what ring video
doorbell you can also over here
it says if you watch the genuine podcast
you get a free trial at texture calm
like a genuinely mad at you like half of
these you're genuinely just out for it
like just like I think I was so blown
away last week when Luke packed his bags
but I was even more blown away when he
packed his bags and his bag wasn't a
five star bag oh yeah it's like
all right so a lot of other youtubers
have these like so and so annoying so
and so for two minutes straight
I have jenna Marbles annoying her dogs
for two minutes straight I'm ready guys
she's going off into space wish him good
luck blast off in 3 2 1 and like slow it
down I'm genuinely gonna steal that
because right like watching this I'm so
disappointed in myself that I didn't
slow that clip down and cut it is
incredibly affected you're so immune to
how much you annoy them that you don't
even notice it oh my god it's not even
like I feel like I'm giving I'm giving
birth actually don't worry thing I love
how emotionally insecure Carmen is
that's how I interpret its head comment
dude it's so powerful when they cut the
audience
I know edit these things like it's it's
funny and creative in like ways that I
never thought to make videos I know well
I mean you know how much work it is to
go through footage hours and hours hours
of footage to find like a certain part
but then they'll crop it and zoom it in
it's fucking amazing that was really fun
though like I love fun watching those
it's really nice to sit back everyone so
well and be entertained
like when we googled think dive or like
what is Kinz say backwards this is
really fun and I also just want to say
thank you to those people that make
these types of videos I genuinely enjoy
watching them I think anyone that puts
videos on the internet would like to
watch funny compilations it's fun it's
really funny this was a complete
pleasure and joy to do I had a lot of
fun so make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out a boozy Wednesday
slash Thursday I want me to shut the
fuck up Oh see you guys next week don't
call me a sack again so hot get it away
from me
laying them off you'll sit next to you
unsubscribe my name is Elvis thank you
for watching thank you for watching Sons
