hi hi I wanted to wear my Forever Lazy
for this video because I wanted it to be
like we're having a sleepover over hang
out together but I can't I'm not even a
lie I'm getting really hot this girl she
borrowed my Forever Lazy broke the
zipper now it's just a forever fucking
onesie sweatshirt anyways I've made one
of these videos before or I tell you
some embarrassing stories you guys like
the last one and it's been requested a
bunch for me to make another one but
like the last one these aren't like some
horrific events they're sort of just
things that are pretty embarrassing to
me at least
especially in hindsight these aren't all
gonna be embarrassing stories some of
them are just gonna be stories so if
we're like sitting around having a
sleepover these are the stories that I
would tell you so let's look at
sleepovers storytime I'm ready are you
ready do you snack need some water you
okay okay first story my brother is a
fucking shithead he was like 14 and I
was like 12 and so I was like wearing
deodorant and stuff I would put my
deodorant on my armpits and I remember
one time my brother said to me uh you
know you need to put together right on
your knee pits too and I'm like my knee
pits like the thick just behind my knees
like on my legs and he's like yeah their
pits too if you're gonna sweat and it's
gonna be gross like you got a particular
on your knee pits and then I remember my
mom came into my room and was like what
are you doing I'm like I'm putting her
on my knee pits mom Debbie told me I
have to they get sweaty and smelly and
you gotta you got what people don't do
that it was like fucking Devin you jerk
for like four or five months I was put
into it on my armpits and my knee pits I
have this friend Libby when I was
growing up and we used to do like
everything together I think it was
before we actually went into first grade
we were hanging out at this school
playing the playground and we're with
her mom fucking dicking around going on
the slide and his swings like whee yeah
maybe yeah Jenna whoo so we went over to
the fence and we found these fucking
balloons and we're like why would
someone just leave these perfectly
amazing balloons here so we started
blowing him up or like haha we love
balloons kids fucking yeah and then her
mom came over and just her fucking her
face went white cause she grabbed our
balloons and I'm like why'd you take our
balloons we're just added
she's like those aren't balloons and I
you know didn't think twice about it
until I turned into an adult and I
realized that we were blowing up used
condoms for real so not only is that the
most disgusting thing I've ever done as
a child I think but yeah I've done that
and let's never talk about this again
this is my next story as you can imagine
I was a relatively imaginative child and
I like to spend a lot of my time just
off in my own little lala land in my
brain just doing Jenna stuff like I was
just a fucking weird-ass kid I was
running around my backyard pretending
that I was a buffalo like a water
buffalo like a big one I was like
snorting and grunting and running around
like I'm the puffle oh no here's my herd
come on herd and like there's no one
else with me I'm playing alone so I just
get fucking all into my Buffalo
character Lee I'm just going apeshit
I'm Buffalo and I ran full force in my
stampede of imaginary Buffalo into the
back of my mom's Honda like her car and
I smashed her tail it open I just
remember her running out me being like
Oh something out in the way of her herd
like oh no and she was like Jenna you
just smashed my taillight open on my car
you could see the wires and the lights
hanging out and my head was fine I was
just sort of like oh mom I got the guy I
gotta get back to my game like he would
understand the other Buffalo they need
me I'm their leader
that's pretty fucking embarrassing that
as a child I was so committed to my
imagination that not even a car is gonna
stop me from leading my fellow water
buffalo to whatever the fuck we were
doing all right next sorry I really
don't like this topic you guys always
asked for me to make a video about
periods and it is just not my thing but
I do want to tell you what I thought I
think it was like 11 or 12 I knew that
it was a thing to anticipate that it was
coming but even when I got it I've
literally thought that when you get it
it's just one time like you just like
bleed a little and then you're like oh
I'm looking
now we when I got my period it didn't
stop I was like I think I'm dying
Alea it's like two days it's like vagina
cancer it was very disappointing it was
the worst day ever when I realized that
this happens more than once I thought it
was like a like Halley's Comet or
something you know what happens once in
your life and then you're officially a
human no it happens often
I hate growing up this is like horrible
and I can't believe that I'm gonna admit
this to you right now I used to work at
a day camp in Boston and I was the
administrative assistant in the office
clearly someone's house pet bird not
like a sparrow or something was like a
little parakeet like a little yellow
bird flew into the Great Hall like
windows that it just knocked itself out
fell to the ground so the kids were like
teenagers they come running to the
office with this bird that's like
unconscious and then like Jan you're
Janet can we save the bird still alive
like can we keep them in the office and
have a be an office bird and I'm like
yeah sure I mean why not that sounds fun
I like birds we put them in this black
box that you keep papers in didn't have
a top kids put like grass and leaves and
shit in there and the birds just sort of
like half waking up but still laying
down and I'm getting ready to go home
and like what do I do with this bird
like all the kids got on the bus they
went home and I guess I got to take him
home right I can't leave him here
overnight so I take the box to put it in
the car I Drive home everything's fine I
get to my house and take the box out
with a bird in it he's been totally fine
and wake up it's not freaking I was just
fucking laying there being an
unconscious bird but he's like blinking
so I go to take the box into my house
and this motherfucker wakes up and just
fucking flies like - it's like a
chain-link fence like a few feet away
from me and I was just like oh fuck like
this bird's gonna fucking fly away like
I got ketchup so like really carefully
put the Box down like I gotta catch this
motherfucking bird and I go like this to
grab him and he flies up to a power line
and I'm like fuck like he's always in
the trees like he's bought so fucking
get away and then before you know it
like two minutes later he's just gone he
just flies into Boston it's
wilderness I had this sort of like moral
dilemma of what I'm gonna do so of
course my first instinct is to go to the
pet store and see if there's is some
bird there that could possibly pass off
as his bird that the kids got and there
just wasn't they were all green and they
didn't look right they were gonna know
for sure
so the next day I went into camp and
everyone was like Jana Jana where's the
office bird and I was like you know what
guys I'm really sorry but the office
birds he died in his sleep last night
and everyone was like oh that's a sad
like you know at least she tried to take
care of him and I was like yeah hmm
that's the worst lie I've ever told and
at least I came clear like I just
fucking I had a giant weight lifted off
of my cautious to rectify the fact that
I let this fucking Houdini bird get out
of my fucking car I went to the pet
store and I promised the kids I would
get them another office bird and I named
of Donnie that's pretty embarrassing I
let a bird go and then I lied to
children about it dying all right my
last story it was not me that was
embarrassed so there's this fucking kid
named Brandon like second grade or
something just not the brightest fucking
bulb in the box me and a bunch of my
girlfriends were sitting around holding
a dictionary and like looking up bad
words you know we're just fucking
looking up like bitch and stuff like
that we're over there just like giggling
and this kid Brandon comes up and he
goes give me that really all right and
uh so he starts like looking in the bees
and we're like what are you looking for
I mean we already looked up bitch like
like what are you looking for boobs and
and he just looks up and goes vagina I'm
looking for vagina and we start bugging
dying laughing but oh oh are you looking
for vagina good luck finding vagina
Brandon and when you find vagina
please tell us what vaginas mean I don't
know what a vagina is but vagina
so yeah those
are some more embarrassing stories /
just regular stories for storytime
primitive stories yeah you say sometimes
when I jump up onto the bed I
underestimate how high it is and I just
hit the side and fall down right so make
sure you subscribe to our channel you
put out new videos every Wednesday /
Thursday but at least it's there do know
how much I love you this much get this
forever dick off me
