so if you thought that I was gonna make
a high quality video this week you're
wrong again it's never gonna happen this
shouldn't even be a video this shouldn't
even be fucking content but it is cuz I
can't fucking get over it first things
first though you'll have to excuse all
my lights because my light is broken you
have one job can you suck at it piece of
shit
you suck how thy light so I went to
Target and God the next best thing which
is a pile of flashlights so this is how
I will be lighting my video so
professional mm-hmm and then when I got
sick of shopping for flashlights
I got this today's Mutant Ninja Turtle
projector nightlight you plug it in and
then it fucking projects dick on your
ceiling projects do that's my ceiling
and this is still op so being festive I
did not invent this Julian I invent this
but the only reason why I know how
effective it is is because Julian does
it to me all the fucking time it's the
slow blink when you're talking to
someone and whatever they just said was
so dumb or couldn't really even form a
response just blink
very slowly at them to convey how done
what they just said was it's like how
you laugh at funny jokes you just slow
blink at not funny jokes and it's so
insulting like is the most insulting way
to respond to someone ever so I wanted
to share it with you so that you can
insult all the people that you care
about and your life or don't care about
alright so without further ado here is
how to do the slow blink etc which for
number rock group doesn't sing or play
music Mount Rushmore
why do teenage girls hang out nod
numbers because they can't even what
breed of dog does the best magic tricks
of labra Cadabra door what is this no
mani for breakfast snowflakes
why did the boy drop his ice-cream
because he got hit by a bus what did one
lawyer say to another lawyer
we're both lawyers get here get here get
here get legs get here
so that's how you slow blink it's
extremely effective it really works
really really well
and if you have a friend that you like
to slow link with and it turns into a
game of fuckery get here get legs good
legs and legs get legs skinnier yeah and
then everyone that's around you is like
what the fuck is wrong with those people
just live life zero fucks I was one
piece of hair that's like super unruly
just like your whole head that was her
somebody got into a bunch of chicken and
now he's feeling very heavy and full
like a balloon cuz you're a piggy and
you weren't supposed to eat that make
sure you're subscribed to my channel I
put on to do is every Wednesday and
sorry about all my lights and sorry for
being a mess and it sorry for making a
video about slope legs I hope you like
it go slow break your friends bye
