hi there I'm Jenna I'm also Jenna and
I'm Jenna too
we're all the same person how does that
word got three look great looks three
looks
three looks I got three looks and that's
it
you got a homeless man 12-0 boy and a
hooker and that's all I know how to do
so if you meet me I look like one of
these three things it's still me I swear
so I made the song so you could know how
please allow me to reintroduce myself my
name is Jenna I'm a homeless man and you
can find me wearing clothes previously
owned by carpenters my hair crushes it
all the time I have running water and
I'll use it these sweatpants are for a
man I like having a stir on my clothes
for activities things that I love
include other people's things you can
find me going through your garbage can I
have this I got three look brings up
three books bring books I got free looks
and that's it hi I'm Jenna the 12 year
old boy I'm going to the gym to pick up
heavy things
my face is shiny and I'm all sweaty
wanna have a conversation hold on
I try to catch my friend no II don't
smell like that it's my gloves
I swear do you want to get some chicken
I got three looks three looks three
looks three looks I got three looks and
that's it
hi I'm Jenna the hooker no I did not
wake up like this give me about three
hours of Red Bull and I'll transform
myself into this hot mess Express IRA
clothes made for children and hookers I
try to put on a little makeup and it
always comes out heavy enough you hit it
with a hammer okay I'll just shoot
myself in the face with a makeup gun
show me your dick huh actually please go
I got three looks
three looks three looks three looks I
got three looks
and seriously that bit I checked my
friend like what are you wearing tonight
she says I don't know casual bitch you
know I don't know how to do that I got
three looks friends like come to myself
kinder and play and don't look like an
asshole and I'm like bitch
please your general live a really
important business meeting today Wow
okay I'm gonna wear this because a bitch
fuck you I got three love phrase less
three looks three loves I got three
looks
fuck you tomorrow story is I don't know
how to dress myself appropriately for
daytime I'm Jenna nice to meet you what
what did I just watch okay I made that
video because anyone that knows me knows
that I can only do three looks and it's
not a joke it's fucking real
I think I fried Jackie texted me I was
like what are you wearing she's like
summer casual puffs like you know me you
know I don't know what that means
how dare you tell me to wear something
that you know I can't I can't even
manage I just don't know what that means
so if you are someone like me that only
has three looks ah made me feel better
about myself because this is my life
Kermit says I have one look and it's
adorable alright you say make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put on
reviews every Wednesday now you have
lipstick on your cheek that means your
mommy loves you
oh she really does have like little
lipstick marks GI sorry buddy
yeah blush on eye one look one look one
look at lipstick mmm alright so see you
next week honey goodbye okay
