my name is Jenna and I'm a professional
cocksuck today I'm going to talk to you
about how to make a youtube video now
first of all make sure that you don't
attempt this unless you're a
professional only professionals can make
youtube videos the first step is to make
sure that you don't look like an asshole
damn it this way people will see you at
your best and think they look like that
all the time who's going to be in it
well you of course that's because you're
a member of the self-absorbed Generation
Y remember you have nothing interesting
or insightful to say about anything we
should all just go back to the way
things were when everything made sense
before the internet we're all just a
bunch of narcissistic lazy pieces of
shit we dropped out of school and have
nothing else better to do with their
time and can never contribute to society
next thing you're going to need to do is
decide what your videos about politics
religion topics let these have a lot of
emotion behind them jump right in
abortions are God racist once you decide
on your topic what's gonna happen in
your video is it happy oh is it sad do
you want to teach people how to do
things
is it a vlog make sure you only make
videos that people will like never do
anything because you want to now it's
time to figure out how and where you're
going to create your video what are you
gonna shoot it on oh that looks like it
was shot on a potato remember which way
I'm supposed to hold like that's not
gonna work either idiot much better now
make sure you know how to use your
equipment we need your us gonna need
some decent lighting refrain from using
any swear words at all there are a lot
of teenagers that watch youtube videos
and they just do not know those words
yet it's like you're ruining Santa Claus
for them once you shoot your video now
it's time to edit it don't be afraid to
use all of the tools at your disposal
just go nuts
this we make your video extra internet
in her name no one's gonna watch it
anyway everybody gets their entertainer
from their television duh if it doesn't
look super professional like you maybe
yourself because you did make it
yourself that's great then people will
know that it contains nothing of value
people can only relate to high quality
production so consider hiring a film
crew to create your vlog style videos
for you you want to keep your video as
short as possible use jump cuts then
suddenly a 20-minute vlog of nothing
turns into an exciting three minutes
long not just the floor and the ceiling
just where anyone can see that be
prepared for anyone that has never
attempted a short form video to inform
you what you've achieved a very fast
choppy video next time we make a video
take their advice 30 minutes uncut of me
at the zoo jump cut great cuz you mean
you skip all pastures cut from the chin
of it you know it's fucking that's what
jump cuts ooh make sure you stay away
from copy written music why because it's
not yours it doesn't matter that you can
make something totally fucking awesome
with them once your videos done now you
can upload it to the internet don't
worry if it's bad or weird or maybe you
express some opinions of yours shared
some of your personal life it doesn't
matter the Internet is a judgment-free
zone people will absolutely not draw
insane conclusions or get into political
debates in the comments for no reason
whatsoever after all no one's anonymous
on YouTube everyone has to be
accountable for the words that they say
make sure you give it a super deceptive
title so that people click on it
thinking that they're gonna get
something cool and then they're not make
sure you also upload a thumbnail of
something that has nothing to do with
the video good ideas for this are boobs
Justin Beiber Kim Kardashian's ass or
kittens if people leave you super nasty
comments make sure that you take them
really personally because deep down
inside you know that go die you stupid
faggot worthless cunt would fuck your
dead body and piss on it it's definitely
the truth
- and that's all there is just remember
it's not something that literally anyone
can do it's not for sharing or relating
to people or finding yourself a
community and certainly your family and
friends do not give a shit about you or
your life you had no fun making it you
didn't make anything helpful creative or
awesome at all and you should probably
get a life lalala so yeah that's how you
make a youtube video mm-hmm yep yep
wasn't sarcastic at all all right say
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we make new videos and be fuckin with a
Thursday ish stuff like that just
kidding don't subtract our channel as we
suck dicks for a living okay
