hey y'all it's Miley Cyrus and welcome
back to market to channel this week I
want to cook something for y'all and
give you like a step-by-step tutorial of
what I'm gonna be making so that you can
make it it huh so I want to make it
angel food cake because I'm an angel
yeah it someone left a note in the door
says you suck damn what part of leave me
alone today do you not understand Bobby
you said leave you alone
something gritty it's you're gonna need
to make a tofu cake it's vegetable oil
salt sugar vanilla extract slammer and
something called cream tartar which I
have time to get and don't feel like it
and I don't know what it is well what
did you preheat it to 600 dad I don't
know the oven goes up to 600 first thing
starts oh look you want to say it quit
again do it alright so you don't want to
pre-heat your oven bring our 50 degrees
look it up nice and hot while we're
getting ready with our cake can I help
you why don't you finish all your
homework you gotta finish on before you
start cooking oh I'm gonna school
anymore that meant was quiz tomorrow I
know your teacher called me I was a
parent-teacher conference yeah not
really
yeah I don't have a book report tomorrow
I have the beggars tour tomorrow I just
created a Twitter what's your Twitter
seriously yeah so we're separating our
egg yolk for my egg whites were to keep
all the delicious egg whites and get rid
of dirt and filth and nasty fucking
yolks who's buying you all this jewelry
that's making me uncomfortable
all right so you're gonna crack the egg
and then you're gonna very carefully let
the egg white come out while you can
toss it back and forth
they stop touching stuff that's not
happy all right you know you're not
gonna do things carefully you can get
out
Oh Lois I dropped one of the yolks dad
saved you I saved you just like I'm
gonna save your career
imminent death so I've separated the
yolks on the last just like you said Red
Robin pickles laughs dad I wanted to do
with that too soon yes
now we're gonna take a third cup of
water vanilla extract and whatever cream
of tartar is damn do we have any Grand
Tour oh it's a Floyd feather
it you fed the dogs cream of tartar they
like it hey he's over on the couch I
checked in about two days but he hasn't
really moved now you want to whisk this
all together just for a little bit
finally wins you can stop on the Banga
store looking to get us a hotel you okay
to share a room no Rach that way you are
ability yeah I'm not sure bet queen just
make sure you make it completely
scrambled like a message to send to your
fans all right would you get your egg
wash I'll let follow me then it's time
for you to get your hand mixer
now once your eggs are fluffy like this
how do you do a book report yeah hook up
or do tomorrow yeah I don't have a book
report I'm not in school just as long as
you have done what do you listen to my
music do you know what I do for a living
yeah the rest doesn't even call oil what
does that do in here I don't know what
that means so you're gonna take your
mixture of sugar and flour it's salts
and you're gonna gently sense it in tip
if I you're smelling oh you gotta hurt
me up my shows on your leg what shows
that it's called resurrection have you
ever heard of it down your career you
know this cakes gonna be nasty if you
keep touching everything did you even
wash them here as well start doing this
no take doing it to vets you gotta be
gently rusted won't come out like angel
food cake it'll come out my Billy Wright
takes I'll do it nice and slow like the
speed your brain works in I'm not
retarded I make the world happy I accept
you in the back door you it's not that
talk unless you want to go to your room
directly to your room yeah where in my
house he had seen me took my room I'm
gonna tell you something dad how old do
you think I am you're my baby girl I'm
not a baby I'm a grown adult you've been
acting like a damn fucking baby don't
make me call off the rest of your
bangers tour
yeah I think you sound funny no chief I
am funny I'm at least a comedy about 13
years ago still for sale who wants to be
the first one you buy come on Tyler come
on Tyler
hello my time I have my channel hello my
channel come on
Cana I'm Hannah Montana I called it I
said no case these guys this is my house
I'm doing our fun you and I just respect
the rules out from up within your house
all right now you're pouring cake in
your pan so now you're putting cakes in
the oven for about 35 minutes
now it's cakes in the oven you have a
little bit of time to marry Bobby I
think it's time to have a little talk
about the birds and the bees you want
very much to get under the covers and
they start rearranging the pillows but
the other person is taking off the pants
so once their pants is off and you're
gonna go build them a disk what I'm like
85% sure that's exactly what sex is Oh
after all you kids out there make sure
you never ever feed your dog Cleveland
Turner that was a really really bad idea
don't tell Miley but those dogs are
really fucking dead yeah hold on a
second after Jackie said 35 minutes you
take not me looks like this there's not
much substance to this cake kind of like
your music I just can't wait to try a
piece I don't want to cut up yes before
you dig into it you gotta throw up a ton
of cash on it and tweet a picture of it
to your fans
mm-hmm nothing deep cream of tartar make
sure you pack this in a Tupperware
container because tomorrow let's take
your daughter to work day you don't like
you know tomorrow I gotta go to court
over a dispute someone wants a refund
and they want me to pay for their ear
surgery then they had to get after
hearing my music dad that's not work you
have Clark tomorrow and I'm not coming
with you to court just run over you that
wants make a delicious angel food cake
that guy make it I see you guys next
time I want to shout out to Johnny H
you're the one person who bought my
album after I told you to the other guy
that bought it is suing me for affray -
I'm sure you support this hey Jenna make
part 2 of pumpkin carving with Miley
Cyrus said no one except for me because
this shit's ridiculous and I am NOT in
Miley hater I'm a violent lover yeah
this is doesn't make any fucking sense
none of that ever happened none of its
real looks so nice on you I'll put a
link to the other Miley Cyrus video if
you haven't seen it because you should
you say make sure you subscribe to our
Channel three videos of your Wednesday
through Thursday
say see you next week Kermit no I do
nothing I wear a lot of jewelry so
that's the end of that I'm fancy now Oh
see how it is Kermit right clearly right
