I for those of you that don't like
videos about my dogs you can just go
ahead and click away and I'll see you
next week but for those of you do like
me I fucking love it and I love
torturing you yeah just like you
tortured me and you know it
look at last week or two I posted what I
thought was the most hilarious picture
ever and took a video of it of I got
Kermit a doggie cupcake from Sprinkles
Cupcakes because they make doggy
cupcakes and I just can't say no to
things like that I decided that I wanted
to make like a little trap for him
because Kermit's really smart and very
very very food driven and he will do
just about anything for a treat so I
wanted to see if I could trap him with a
blanket I mean I'm pretty sure that you
could consider this fucking kind of
mildly annoy your dog's part a billion
but after that I wanted to see how many
other ways I can trap Kermit and don't
worry
before you freak the fuck out these are
all nice for the most part like spirited
etc so yeah he fell for some of them but
he's really fucking like he figured out
a couple of them I was pissed but just
disclaimer for those of you out there
that would like maybe it's snowing
outside and you can't go have fun
activity time with your dog and you want
to hang out with them know your dog's
limits that's why these are Kermit traps
and not marble traps because mobile
don't like to get a trap just be careful
with your pets and love them and make
sure that it's just giggle time and not
mean time but with that being said I
wanted to show you some of my awesome
Kermit traps he's so sweet ain't no sad
like traps cuz I get trees okay
and we've set up the ultimate Kermit
trap this is pieces of cheeseburger and
cheese leading up to the delicious
doggie cupcake with string attached to
the Kermit so we broke the cupcake in
catch us a kermit the cupcake i mean
this looks like a trap damn and we
didn't get jim you go fool you can have
the cupcake now go baby boy we tricked
you but it didn't work
good boy did it stay stay
look at you good boy he's smelling the
chicken through the blanket let me sit
permits it come in come in come in steer
escape like it was nothing
yeah yeah I just wanted to show you guys
my Ellison Kermit traps I'm sorry think
this is a dumbest video ever but I think
this shit is so fucking funny like
riddle me how many videos who see me
dying laughing like that when I hugged
Kermit in that plank it not many
that's always try this video so if any
of you out there that like to trap your
dog in a kind humane way and you can
fucking queendom at me or show me your
videos because I love laughing and dogs
always fall for blankets
you know you love blankets you don't
even care so smart so I got you baby I
know what these are these are traps but
I'm good to get fed game on alright say
make sure you subscribe to our Channel
and grow new views every Wednesday your
belly pull up turkey bacon and treats it
was a good day huh
