Hey so this week I already made two of
these videos I'm a veteran for animals
and better names for foods so I wanted
to make another one because occasionally
notice I'm building a resume so people
that hire people that name things for
living should take a look at mine
because it's pretty good this week I
wanted to make better names for body
parts because I have some ones on my own
and then I just made a bunch of other
ones up for your enjoyment
so they'll further ado here are some
better names more accurate names and
definitely more awesome names for body
parts toenails are beat windshields eyes
are brain binoculars a bellybutton is a
buzzy hole or a tubby bud or a blowhole
boobs are prizes for surviving puberty
or push-up prizes or bench press buddies
so vagina is a front butt or at a cold
taco girl insides are a baby palace feet
are four propellers meeting legs are
chief balloons and skinny legs are
surprisingly stated just look at your
abs a spot where your butt meets your
leg is a pencil holder eyelids are nap
helpers and eyebrows are face
caterpillars nipples are booby buttons
for chests equinoxes they happen toys
for chests toes our corner finder ouch
armpits are hair pits
let's just be real your mouth is the
glutton pocket and teeth are glutton
pocket surprises ears are loud holes
nose is a sniff bits
business there is expensive these are
leg schisms or leg papi and they only go
to one side can't trust them what are
you hiding hands are good people your
funny bone is actually ah fuck bone
freckles our skin constellations orsk
installations Thank You death your head
is the cave of boobs look at your brain
it's a circle of weird boobs elbows are
stupid what penis is a front tail girl
hands are sandwich makers and guy hands
are your girlfriend I think I did this
so yeah those are definitely some better
names for your body parts
watch out motherfucker I'll kick you
with my feet windshields stitch I'm
sorry but front tail is an incredibly
accurate description of male genitalia
there's just so arguing with it it's a
front tail and also unrelated but I
guess related to my better games for
food video yogurt is no longer yogurt
it is now me Gert because it's mine and
not yours mother fucker corn I haven't
seen you since Australia corn what are
you doing you've just been sitting on my
mantel since forever well I brought corn
out because I wanted to announce that
I'm going to be in Melbourne Australia
on March 8 2014 for a YouTube convention
called explode which is spelled expl Oh
a D not like something that blows up you
can google that our link in the
description for those of you that are in
the Melbourne area I will be there and I
will be looking for you so I can hug
shit out of you that's threat say make
sure you subscribe to our channel and
put out reviews every Wednesday okay say
bye with your tail if you guys have any
different names for body parts that you
like should tweet them at me and corn
spelled Kor and qu e P corn alright see
you bye what's brown and sticky a brown
stick
