hey this is Julie you might remember
Julian from so my other videos today I
want to do something I did not invent
but I like very much this is the not my
arms challenge clearly in kiss these are
not my arms we have fit ourselves inside
of a teacher and jillian is going to get
me ready as if I was just gonna go do
stuff lots of other youtubers have being
this video zoella
grace Helbig and most recently prank vs.
prank or boyfriend/girlfriend I love
Jeana Jackson so much so I watch things
like dying laughing so I was like that's
what I'm doing as I'm doing that doing
that right now because I understood for
fun
this challenge is free self-explanatory
Julian's arms are in my shirt and he's
just gonna get me ready and look sweaty
without further ado here is the not my
arms challenge would you look at the
time okay so first thing we're gonna do
is I'm gonna play with my hair it feels
so amazing yeah I like to brush it
forward because it gives it so much
volume and texture like to cover my eyes
while I'm doing it and use their hung
side I'm done brushing my hair all right
now I'm teasing way here because we want
it to be up in the air and doing it very
gently I'm grabbing a firm hold onto my
hair and I'm pulling sections out of my
hair and then I'm brushing it towards my
head look at the time oh my god late I'm
late I gotta keep going alright
oh my god
I'm gonna floss it's very important I'm
not going to get it in any of my teeth
own just gonna shove it and back with my
mouth completely yeah
in my shirt because we're done with it
so that's where that goes I'm gonna do
my hair a little bit I'm gonna get it
out of my face because it's been in my
face this whole morning
yeah oh god I got a clip I'm gonna put
it in my hair and I'm gonna get a hair
on my face oh it feels good especially
since it's so hot in here for some
reason okay what are we doing
oh we got some hairspray because I like
I like this hair do something feel like
it's getting me but I don't know oh
there this got my bottom and that's okay
because sometimes your string is just
like you gotta get it on your head so
that's what happens I got some
foundation and no pumping through these
little amount into my hand and then
directly bump my forehead and also in my
hair oh my god why why no think of my
fucking crap today
no I'm blending it in with a brush but
mostly touching when people come in my
mouth more and make sure okay just go my
brushes like sure it's time to be done
with them oh shit
oh I rub foundation into my columns
because little known facts you also want
your pumps to look flawless and ready
for the day all right
I picked a shimmering face thing they
got a nice for old oh I get it
I'm going ham on this sparkly orange
sparkles for your face
in my hair again my ears and on my hands
the tops of my even so my god the time
we're running out of time sometimes I
like fucking low but you look at the
time I got some sprays I want to set my
powder I'm gonna cover my eyes because I
don't want to set my eyes I'm going to
set my mouth okay pick some blush and
smelling it oh just gonna dab a little
bit in there stop how closely very
closely cheeks would usually never
happens and usually get some wears on
the cheeks like my hair didn't I'm gonna
do my eyes I'm just gonna get some
eyeshadow on there and find my eye I'm
gonna close it and just get it on there
going to be even and blended okay
do the stains of the other eye all right
we're done
take them done oh and now oh we're going
straight to lipstick I guess you just
want to see what I look they're gonna
look like okay
sharp it's super sharp if you know about
and have no concern that I really like
this lipstick I'm gonna break it in half
do my chocolate no oh baby all my teeth
but you know we're not perfect so we
just slipped it off this let's go oh
there goes a white shirt that's where I
keep my things right about now I'm
getting very very thirsty and hot and
thirsty it's so good I was just so
parched and up now I feel better because
it's just okay mm-hmm right put on some
mascara we're just gonna go for it the
purchase girl are those real yeah well
fucking lashes and I'm gonna open up my
glue here this video could just double
as a tutorial I'm gonna squirt I am I
related dry and I'm just trying to
continue my saving here oh these latches
oh my goodness and just cannot wait
they're good beautiful and the lashes
still on my hand I actually didn't get
it on my
we have another I lost my glue the other
okay got it good
you guys get it on there oh well overall
happy this yeah it's mostly Clou oh I'm
applauding myself cuz I'm just so proud
I'm doing the magic trick okay now I'm
going to put a an earring in I'm just
fishing around for my hole that's what
you said I'm gonna go from the back in
through the front it's a new range oh my
god I'm so excited I'm like so happy
about it
alright now I'm gonna put my lips
because I can see already but I wanted
to see even more no no no I wanted
something decorative on my head okay I
got it
got on my head feels good I don't have
no idea what I'm doing
the last thing you should do before you
leave your house just get some more
blush on oh wow
you slept like some of the face and now
oh I need a band-aid of course you know
because I'm Nellie and my brothers in
jail and I would protest just kidding
I want to put it in my hair because I
care in the blue it's more hydration we
done do I look like how do you accept it
is this good
yeah but I think with haircut is okay ah
if you liked this video make sure you
watch everyone else's not my arms
challenge I hope I did the challenge
justice making videos every Wednesday
still actually say sometimes when you're
watching glue off your face it takes a
little while and make sure you subscribe
to my channel and I'll fucking see you
next week is it hard the hardest part
was finding the Alpha did you spark by
