No so pale and wintry you tan
good thing I'm an expert at thanked and
shower shit Jay chick exfoliate that's
right let's try some of this spray hold
at least six inches away from your face
I think I'm doing this right
feels like I'm just getting wet can't
breathe oh my gosh spray this shit on my
back think of getting it yeah boom right
there real spread jump do it hmm
stuff going clear not tan we need to get
tan now let's try this white you wonder
if you can mix types in it in waves life
sever babies so get up face oh oh yeah
so nice Oh carriage carry too and just
see a little bit more right there this
is all dry now I'm gonna get my legs tan
know if they use something else now till
my tendon anywhere you're going to keep
going some of this lotion smells like
shit
what is it now this seems easy enough
rub it in got to get it on there's this
kind of a lot of work this one's for
your face okay I'm still not tan but
some of this this is just accents isn't
it off fuck knows this mix is this
supposed to help me
hey there pea Waker I'm gonna make You
tang alright here we go
oh it's like scratching me it's not
going on you're just soaking up all the
tan your money pit wow this looks pretty
poop I myself get all this doodoo butter
beep beep take off your clothes it's
freakin weekend won't so streaky more
I'm rub it the Street York Jets
alright let's see that's not good there
we go that's what this one I oh this is
green
guess who's gonna go with it hi Regina
is getting boy to take Oh Jenna
who's your vagina so Tina's just cuz I
was tanning with vagina oil all over my
vagina vagina face up to the sky duh
idiot
look right you starting to have a
tanning emergency panic panic Nick and
rub some off wants like all of my hair
and eyebrows mmm
tan nails they're all the rage none of
my armpits get soaked and it looks
normal right
you ain't gonna wash my hands Oh on
there we'll come on I'm a baking just
even and I was more spray I don't think
this is helping well maybe some sparkles
sparkles this'll even it out oh hey
friends it's me I'm back from vacation
I've been gone for three years in Costa
Rica well I do not look right you know
what I think I'm just gonna go spray tan
okay I'm offensively tang I changed like
three races maybe no little notice a
little bodybuilder this is my life I'm
gonna be a pale white girl with to paint
on forever Oh better go shower and start
all over again just had to take the most
real shower ever hey Kermit are we
bothering you we just want to let your
face oh it's so cute though yeah also
left out of that video was all the
lovely mess that your tan makes on your
floor and your clothes and your sheets
and fucking everything and then your dog
also likes to lick your tan off in weeks
really these streaks on your arms and
your legs cuz you're just jealous cuz
you can't get a tan
you're a tan sabotager you think I'm
saying something nice to you but every
time I'm sorry for those of you with
really nice complexions some of those
pale white girls just want to be ten
what's your deal just want to look like
I went to the beach all the time
that's it that's all I want right so
make sure you subscribe to our Channel
you put interviews every Wednesday what
are you doing come you care care more
gray don't care alright say see you next
week I love you can I have a hug with
your arms hey love are you my love
we're gonna go make alpha
