mmm creases treat I've made two of these
videos how to mildly annoy your dogs
part one and two but since it's the
holidays and people are most likely
going to be spending down with their
family like me I'm doing that I love to
annoy my mom a little bit my brother but
mostly my mom so sorry mom I know that
you get all of this but for those of you
that are maybe not as good at annoying
your mom or your other family members
here's how to mildly annoy other people
because you're all Oh jingle bells
jingle bells jingle all wine oh wow
Debbie Debra Debbie hey Deb wanna give
me some water
Thursday it smells gross okay I'm not
touching you I'm not touching you I'm
not touching you hey Jenna Oh how'd you
punches though hey guys your hand stop
hitting yourself stop hitting yourself
why are you giving yourself
can you what was that what is that on my
head couple new things did that and you
did the one before do you mean two
dishes I know I'm not sure if I want to
to go swimming today okay but what I'm
already pretty tired
why are you doing why are you doing that
could you stop could you stop I want to
talk to you I don't want to talk to you
it's not repeating me stop repeating and
stop repeating me now stop it now stop
repeating me stop I'm not sure whether
or not I to go into work tomorrow
because get a new boss I haven't heard
back from him
yeah texted my take seven three times do
you think he was on vacation
what exactly I haven't asked for God my
god are you hungry are you hungry are
you hungry are you stop you Tanya Tanya
hey Tanya my name what's your name John
yeah
dinner's ready let's go to the kitchen
wait said dinner was ready I thought
what come on dinner's ready
whoever's playing out drinking tonight
I'm gonna need to see some ID not having
any underage drinkers that means you
Debra you see that ID Debbie is that
your real name
what are you doing that one charges is
the best and I got some work to do No
yeah fuck your coffee it's hot I'm so
hot you're probably dying all right my
name is Jenna and I like to eat bark
Rasmus really can you stop talking like
a robot it's my boy all right Karen
anyone's Jimmy turned on her iPad and
now she's playing papa pear saga and now
she's on level 19 she doesn't have any
strategy it seems like she's just kind
of going ahead like a three-year-old
keep your elbows off the table it's rude
all right Jenna open Angry Birds because
she has no one to what text me and she'd
rather just play an iPad game and she's
only on the third world
she just got mad at me and she slapped
me because she's horrible at this game
and she missed altogether she missed
everything I don't know how that's even
possible okay she did one I think that
one just jumped off because it was so
sad about what it was watching the
performance and she's getting frustrated
stop I'm not touching you I'm not
touching you or talking to you I'm
narrating your horrible like job and she
quit which is probably the best thing
for everyone can you pass me the salt
did you just want the salt yeah I just
want this off do you want the pepper you
know I don't want the pepper can you
just give me the salt
how is your day cuz here for me no
nothing today yeah this morning yeah
yeah I got a business call shh shh it's
a business caller you know what time is
it God's telling think that's right you
tell me the real time yeah it's 10 away
just not right not very time but it's a
different time
can I see the wine list the wine list
yeah from like a restauranteur we're at
home right now yeah I just want to see
the wine list no I heard what I heard
what you said we're at home we don't
have a wine list we may have a bottle no
but I want to see the wine list we don't
have a wine list no I would like a wine
list I think everyone here would you
didn't just send I see it look why are
you waiting
okay yeah you sit that close that's fine
what are you doing what are you doing
that's my ball what
that's good yeah I just got it from the
deli I'm really hungry
beautiful yes yes what are you doing
just are you gonna finish that
yeah the whole thing I'm gonna finish it
can I have it no I'm gonna finish it
are you done with that no can I just
like can I have some no I'm not I'm not
done what are you doing I'm hungry can I
have a bite no no all right family
since we're all adults - the small
children that are here
I declare open swear okay everyone's
allowed to swear as much as they fucking
want fuck bitch fuck fuck shit mom shit
perfect I think this is gonna work out
good so yeah that's some annoying shit
you can do to your family to make them
love you even more
oh yeah make sure you subscribe drink
challenge they don't reviews every
Wednesday yes Thursday ish yeah and you
can still get toy dog toys two for one
you get a Kermit Anna marbles for 1350
i'm jenna Marbles walk that calm slash
shop we don't care but anything on
selfies all right let's say see you next
week hope everyone has a really good
holiday on Christmas and New Year's I'm
uploading two weeks of extras so I can
have a little time with my family
yes that's right you're included I'll
see you guys next week bye bye
comer speak
