I love sleeping naked no time to get
dressed
boxer briefs are the best so soft and
Capote it makes you want to get back in
the bed oh I got a dress no one will see
what this says right I need some socks
are just in this sock and this one and
this one and this one yeah clean ones
shirt time this one makes my traps look
little no thank you
what about a blue shirt no no though
they're also different as well it's too
tight around the neck stick gain inches
in my neck no this is my little
brother's shirt that's where it's hide a
dad taught me when I was 15 then he
taught me how to shave Danny got me a
hooker look how do I fucking fuck what
fuck dude just feels good oh there we go
selfie ready for my interview hashtag
double Windsor swag post yes totally
fake out of an interview I just changed
in something more comfortable
what's that a bingo tonight grooms got
budge hot friends gilfs
shut fool what is it about a Canadian
tuxedo go get it up maybe I should on
button one or two or three fucking we're
opening you know I'm kind of hot though
but this is much better don't tell
anyone I have this where am I you don't
even see me goal of fifa football feet
feet ball or play pickup game shirts vs.
pitch dude they gave me like five extra
inches I can dunk you know I look just
like Brock Lesnar when I wear this for
resident Barack Oh Leslie Chrissy I got
a hamster for Christmas I lost him
though I think he's dead anybody want to
go regatta ingre gal we looks like it's
sunny out I should wear a hat that's
much better
I wonder how hot it's gonna be out today
101 degrees this ought to do it I think
I'm gonna go hit up a Starbucks and read
a script on my iPad crash few auditions
need to go hang on Elton John's yacht
for a month no idea what shoes to wear
on a big day today school work gym
basketball problem then the beach I know
what I can wear to all of those Chuck's
this church shows off my tie and Hunter
got him down in Orlando his means
warrior mine means infinity infinity
nature's kidding infinity chicks I'm
gonna get with this tattoo it should
just wear this so I can pee everywhere I
go yeah I'm done no I know what I'm
gonna wear
me bicicleta es muy macho me Kanta la
basura sure biblioteca
okay so okay so okay so
um what I swear that started out as a
normal video and then I just got a
little carry away I don't think that's
how anyone gets dressed Herman are you
so sleepy and pink and hot yeah it's so
hot on my chest his chest gets all pink
when he's very warm say I've stuck all
of your body heat out of you through the
inside of your shirt where I like to sit
and then you give it to me forever
you're just a little heat conductor choo
choo here comes the heat conductor
all right Kermit marbles you're getting
an F for participation today all right
karma say make sure you subscribe to our
Channel and put on new views every
fucking Wednesday Thursday Kermit what
do you like to wear cuz you're a boy
stay naked i naked all the time you've
had quite enough pepper - alright say
see you next week
Mike hermit not a single fuck was given
that day well
