hey hey all right so it is almost
Thanksgiving and I like most Americans
just can't wait to eat some fucking food
so excited my dick off gonna eat
everything just can't wait so I made a
video like this in the past where I made
better names for animals because
caffeine and my five-year-old brain just
loves to rename things because why would
you call something it's regular name
when you could make up a new exciting
awesome name because it is Thanksgiving
this time I don't want to be festive and
I can't stop thinking about food I
wanted to think of some better names for
food so I threw in some Thanksgiving
references in here for you so without
further ado here is some better names
for food chips our Sherpa ties errs
french fries are sweaty potato sticks
noodles are Nami snakes peanut butters
power pace Brussels sprouts are gutter
bugs coffee is - chips and coffee and
coke together is hyphy mud Anna's IRA
can take Dickson's fix apples are horsey
snacks salad is I'm trying
cake is feelings and cupcakes are
feeling bites
pancakes are mourning feelings beams are
2d dudes plus T is our Spanish blankets
yoghurt is sweet slop Biggles are aqua
rockets or we drew protein bars our gym
Snickers taquitos our meat straws bagels
are boner holders ranch dressing is go
up the gods
broccoli is tiny trees or trees with
cheese bacon and shreds of America and
ham is Bacon's ugly stepsister
cantaloupe is the weakest part of the
fruit salad and sushi is Nemo trundles
or yay Japan jelly beans are gay
dingleberries burritos are Mexican party
pockets stink is a man slab oatmeal is
suck muck turkey is sleepy meat stuffing
is dead bread or carcass bread pies are
regret wheels
pecan pie is no thanks gravy is Native
American tears sir and likes to
conveniently forget that we live on
stolen land yams are wack what are yams
and McDonald's are fucking every
we're yeah so I hope it you get to eat
some sleepy meat on Thanksgiving and
that when you wake up in the morning
make sure that you go Bob make me some
fucking Seth muck bitch oh yeah
top you mom just kidding I want some
shreds of America please that'd be great
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put out new videos every Wednesday and
this year is gonna be up on a Wednesday
with the third time in 2013 yeah go me I
drank way too much - juice and by the
way that - mud guy is a real person and
super special announcement the car me
warm and marbled toys are on a super
awesome special delicious amazing sale
it started last night at 6 p.m. and will
end December 1st Black Friday Cyber
Monday sale they're two-for-one so now
you're getting to a Kermie Anna marbles
for the price of $13.50 jenna Marbles
blog.com / shop get them for your kids
and your family and your dogs and your
friends and cousins and your mom and
your other mom and your uncle in your
aunt Anne you're dating that sandwich hi
P Jews Oh Oh see you guys next week I
hope everything is really good
Thanksgiving I love you boy I'm still
here who made it go anywhere I'll give
it
