I see something Oh Kathy you're gonna
have to excuse this fucking lady still
figuring out how to light my spot
because I have a charity this why
wouldn't I sit here mother fucker like
so I'm a big fan of challenge videos or
anything that consists of things that
other people can do because there's
nothing more appealing to me and when I
watch a really awesome YouTube video
they're like I can go do that right now
by myself friend so you know on Mac
computers the photobooth how you can
make all these bizarre effects on your
face and like twist around a chit not
new been around forever and I've seen a
lot of videos people like playing around
with it but I wanted to make game out of
it like a challenge really tag or
something but we could all participated
I looked it up on YouTube doesn't really
exist but I wanted to make like a photo
booth challenge tag and it's a drinking
game and you just play with another
person the goal is just to make them
laugh so step one's gonna be fine a
friend this is Julian key was then on my
Miley Cyrus video whoever's being made
to laugh has to watch the screen if
you're looking at looking at your dick
it's your friend Jenna thanks dick boy
to throw this world it's a bird it's a
plane it's my face
I'm just kidding I've been lifting mad
weights and my forms on the fire spinach
like my form has a butt I can lick the
ground from here let me move sideways oh
my god oh my god Snooki but what is that
sitting next to me what the weird part
is you look the same in real life right
now
what's that smell what is your body
about my god oh my god Joker
I'm just fuckin fuckin makin responses
this shit's fucking hysterical to me
sorry it's funny it's funny because
that's it and I looked it up on YouTube
beforehand and I couldn't find any good
ones
Oh take that finger hook out of your
mouth
you do that yes make sure you subscribe
to my channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday
