you're dead hey y'all it's Miley Cyrus
or you can call me too I want to be
carving a pumpkin this is Halloween so
I'm gonna get really festive in American
winter right there right did get in here
come say hi hi dad fix your fucking hair
is fix all right so you gonna make sure
that your pumpkins and one yes all right
so make sure you clean your watch is
already drawing on it then we're gonna
cut it and really if you're having
trouble picking out a pumpkin you can
just let make sure that you check it
make sure it's a good one and this is
definitely a good one I have this I'll
cock page you won't want a pumpkin now
for me I really want face that looks
like my face I'm gonna do did you just
take shit yeah we're gonna draw tom
first because the tongue is the window
to the soul
you know you're gonna draw the mouth
because the mouth is the window to the
self and then they're gonna nose and
then we're going to draw the eyes
because the eyes are the window to the
soul this one's gonna be kind of close
or gonna do that this one's gonna be
open like that right you're such a baby
I'm like 27 years old I'm gonna do it
new drugs have sex boys all right you
know you're not gonna be able to get in
like a candle or anything must take the
time yes fuck me
dad can you bring me a cup of your tears
of thirst acres boy over there
there's no get in there guess careful
that not just always make sure you're
cutting it forward your body in and shut
when I do it when you're drunk you're
down some pain once you're done cutting
I'm just got to pull it out let's lock
your career once your dad cut the top
off your pumpkin next time take foam
later you're gonna get all up in here
and get out all the pokey goods you're
busy but Jimmy John Jim Bob fuck yeah
not party in the USA beggar's banners
fucking banners Dave don't even likes
you cuz your may see your here's my
right bedroom
Doug your hairs nasty and dirty drops
carrot won't you eat some of this looks
like me your face faces and I see a lot
people arms like oh my - I think when
you talk that just means that you're
fertile dad doing it wrong don't know
how can you even sue all that hair of
your face so I'm gonna add my own little
bow flare I'm gonna drop some big ol
booty cheeks
I want my pumpkin and how cute little
outfit like me there's one booty short
there's nothing sure but you still that
leave most of the butt hanging out so
that your jewelry
oh my pumpkins gonna have a wedding ring
I think you're gonna put it on the
pumpkin and then it's go safe inside doc
you bitch after you put your dirty
filthy fucking and get your ring into
your pumpkin
now we're gonna light it on fire yeah
I'm just into the whole candle
I can almost feel it I don't judge me
only god can judge me anyway one last
step to make it perfect and that's how
you make a perfect animal family hold it
guys so it no yeah well thanks for
tuning I'll see you guys later bye come
on Batman you out and we came out just
14 years ago glob on cassette tape with
your money in a store or on how music
computer tune when you say Happy
Halloween permit join of you Billy Ray
Cyrus finale yeah this fucking video
just turned into straight fuckery oh I
love you some Miley Cyrus dick yeah I
wanna be all over it and this is
sandwich because I love Miley right oh
you silly dog toys check mom's blog
comic shop Kermit and Marvel toys yes
they make sure you subscribe to a
channel put on new views every Wednesday
you look so handsome where are you going
now you just look like a hairy course by
soon as we buy
