I can come in necessary I look exhausted
it's because I am so no one made fun of
me right now because fuck you villains
feeling very thumb okay this playing get
me don't get me
that's marbles favorite game he runs out
to you he went to get him and he says
don't get me so I'm gonna live and
moving all day yesterday and today but I
wanted to unpack stuff so that you could
see I got fuckin had to get new
furniture so any furniture and stuff
because none of the stuff and the other
house was mine I'm like a fake grown up
and I'm like a real grown-up baby see my
new house before I do anything in here
and you're like Jenna where are you this
is weird you really dimension it someone
kidnap you fell it's okay I just moved
come on I show you this is my new living
room and no I didn't decorate any of
this myself your name's row McIlroy and
she decorated all this look at the
fucking chairs this you can do it mom be
brave show your bravery Bibles you can
do it go go Oh check it out you need a
little key Billy oh that's a wall hello
kid you table chairs and this is where
all the booze is this is my special
dinosaur that Kermit thinks is his so
this kitchen is really awesome but the
man that built it I think he's like
relatively short and he like builds it
for himself she was like oh sweet also
I'm gonna go to like put some of my
appliances they don't they don't fit my
coffee maker coffee mix that's where the
feeding time happens this
here is going to be something I never
would've had before which is like an
office ish area so fucking cool right
now you sleep in trash you come to this
this is where when you guys mail me
stuff I keep them I keep them forever
boxes and boxes full of letters that are
like lol Jana I fucking just one knows
somebody sent me a letter full of like
nickels like tapes to then look like
thanks bro fucking what
got some bowling shoes and I clearly
bought them okay so no bowling alley in
high school here's my favorite picture
of Kermit because he looks like a
Picasso painting yes that's when you
move much thinner you put on some weight
from cheeping someone send me artichokes
and said dear Dre taught me how to cook
an artichoke so I said you an artichoke
and they're going to my house okay
forever and they're gonna sit next to
corn this George where's my cooler in my
son language he goes that's all I know I
don't know if you know this but my dad
for two years was just on the ground it
was just a fucking bed on the ground now
I have a fucking bed a real bed I'm a
real boy oh there's literally one outlet
in the entire bathroom fucking I'm a
girl of this not gonna work for me okay
so next time you seen my bathroom pretty
sure I'm gonna have like because the
power strip right here fuck you doing my
hair is gonna suck
alright come to the toilet if you're
sitting on the toilet right here you
look directly into the shower
it's like gravy is weirdest fucking
thing ever
Carmy win Hey see toilet Kermit
here creep pervert who are you I'm in a
mirror oh you get out of you Kermit
really you want that's where you want to
sit you want to say right there you're
fucking you're ruining everything we
can't see the video you can't we'll have
all day I'll show you the backyard in a
second fucking awesome yay there's a
little light went off deep behind that
red is where Marbles escaped that's
where all the peas and poopies are gonna
happen this is another bathroom where
the toilet is black that's racist I'm
not sure I've ever showed you guys this
this is a present that I wrapped
otherwise I was like maybe eight years
old or something it says to God from
Jenna I'm almost positive that it's like
a note or something really sweet that's
like dear God I love you and thanks for
Christmas love Jenna and every year I
put it under my Christmas tree I really
want to open it but I want to keep
stating every rhyme like valve in the
next year now in the next year so yeah
that's my house in the kitchen and the
the office gonna go over there and those
are some spices whoo-whoo cinnamon for
days now minute minute minute minute
minute minute minute minute minute
minute minute minute net net net net the
net food Dan tonight's an intimate that
day you guys getting nauseous I'm
getting nauseous and that's my bite my
brother is having a baby girl so those
are for my niece I got them in Australia
that's right I'm gonna be somebody's
aunt oh my god it's like fated birthday
excited asleep movie this is the other
bedroom
mom this is where you can sleep and then
mom when you want to put your stuff in
the closet you can accept it spoiled
nerf very I'm not sorry thank you this
is where your baby's the outlet over by
the TV's broken to have this happening
that
safe so yeah this one new house I'm
really excited to make videos and I
didn't want to leave you with like
absolutely nothing like I literally
couldn't fucking make a video this week
if I tried but I wanted to just give you
like some extras from know some shit see
I asked you guys on Twitter if you
wanted to see my house or if you wanted
some extras or both and you guys said
both so I'm not glad to do this of
extras and I'll see you next week make
sure you subscribe to our channel we put
out a videos every fucking Wednesday or
Thursday if you move it's always
something
I'm just an excuse maker but we go but I
can't know like you go in but you are no
you know like this yes it covered and
okay bro leave any boy ya been rollin
okay hmm okay shower third time
Oh what's in a man
Oh take it like a really awkward guy
know what that is
oh don't cut it okay oh oh sorry what
okay so Mike here come on enjoy coming
away come on oh no please it feels great
mhmm yo clear you did you go boy walk
sorry I'll put on you in a second just
we use her hmm
wait you're 10
on
Oh
to fall
Oh
and I'm gonna put my foot in there it's
all covered
Big Jim you move it down the foot no no
woman that all right the other wait okay
here oh it's wrecked it
