gotta get in the shower again today who
ran out of deodorant smell like a banana
splitting a jockstrap like a burnt baby
like a mustard covered ass gerbil the
mouthpiece of my clarinet like a diaper
after the fun I gotta take a shower and
make it Pat Lex wait a second I need to
change something disliked way better I'm
jacked it set the mood lavender how you
do it and play some tunes it makes me
feel the feels no you gotta cry cry let
a man oh no I'm fine mom god it's good
song should make that my room tone oh
- Hans bring my muscles off what should
I wash first my face or my bat bat bat
bellow the ship who feels great
oh we got approval maybe I should do
this glove in this towel and this razor
and this bass thing this toothbrush and
my candle that fat fat that is baby but
I'm so close no I gotta share my
dominant make fellow eye contact until I
finish Oh awesome
can't wait to tell the Internet did that
well time to die I should wash myself oh
I have a shampoo I'll just use it for
everything you know la la la la dee da
dee dah dah dah dah dah
I'm Anne body soul in need maybe if I
shave my legs I'll see my muscles better
bodybuilders do it here we go
no see mm-mean feel like a pro athlete
go to watch my dick you better wash my
dick again that's what coach always says
did I wash my dick yet easier to wash
when it's hard maybe I'll shave it mmm
feels weird no I look like a giant well
you're old sweet I love twelve year olds
I gotta go peepee oh-ho-ho dad go go
blow my nose and rinse it off can't
forget my shower beer whoo I'm still
thirsty but a shower whiskey and my
shower cigar I'm hungry some shower
jerky
you're everything that I see I love an
emulsion and no cry like a man I'm gonna
get out of the shower
Basketball Wives is on drying oh yeah
now I gotta take a shit
gonna have to do this all over again oh
one of them is rel and one of them is
fake that's the fake one biggest friend
I've ever had
you just used me for chicken you like me
it's a bittersweet day my friends this
is the last video I will ever make in
this house I'm moving next week so see
you in my new place
oh you're invited and goodbye house it's
time to go because you catch on fire and
you have termites and fuck you hack my
dick up and get the dick out of here
don't hate on us cuz we look like a sexy
pirate lumberjack sexy lumberjack pirate
girl get on my dear
Oh mmm hmm nice butter man goodbye to
Rome I don't know where you're gonna go
with my new house so say goodbye for now
- make sure you subscribe to our channel
for new videos every fucking Wednesday
Thursday mm-hmm look at dog toys
jennamarbles blog comm slash shot right
that's it two years in in my magical
house and now we're moving on
sad friend sad weird just kidding peace
motherfucker I'm out of this bitch Oh
