here we come probably few don't come
with eat your tail come if you don't
come the tooth fairy's dead karma if you
don't come up and for up all of your
toys every single one
haha Michael it is
I was like boys obviously a giraffe why
are you yellow come Declan party time
pillage hermit sack pillage ebert commit
arson marble dentist dentist be dentist
Oh give me the hot dark rock yeah I mean
no one even asked for that video and I
just want to have meat apart too because
that's just how much I like to fuck with
my dogs and for anyone thinks that these
fucking videos are cruel you've never
had a dog they're epic to fuck with you
fuck with me - don't even play yes soon
as mommy least I like to get in the
garbage and if you like Kermit and
marbles you can get fake climbing and
bubbles cuz they're really soft and fun
my blog jenna Marbles blog calm great
saying make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put out new videos every
fucking Thursday I make it on Wednesday
alright that counts for something
fucking whatever you're wrong
quit judging me every when you do come
Hadoop see this is how you grab his
tongue he starts so with you for no
reason and then you just grab his tongue
hey Kermit what do you call a pile of
kittens a mutant oh did you like that
good
