oh hey Kermit hey marbles cause a dick
or you this is my Australian Kermit this
name is corn you're gonna have to excuse
this really bizarre setup I have right
here
the only good light in this place is a
window because I'm in Australia I'm in a
hotel Shh get the dick out of the way
what is what you're doing I came here
for vid ink which was like sort of the
first-ever YouTube convention in
Australia and it had some hiccups not
gonna lie uh but it's a little bit to be
expected with any new event but I really
had so much fun meeting all of you and
hugging you I got so many cool gifts
from people they gave me Vegemite I got
fucking cheezles it was spectacular so I
took a little bit of footage while I was
that fitting and then you know since it
flew across the world it was likely as
well hang out in Australia for a little
bit so that's what I've been doing oops
I'm in Australian I don't know why the
creepy dance happens but once you start
doing it you can't stop don't help us do
it anyhow I'm in Australia I may be able
to go inside and meet some friends and
hug and have fun
kryla stop it bring the secrets back
don't tell anyone
okay please down that chicken Oh sighs
chickens
I decided to grow it
today
is it
Sabari cement up to run away
and
God was not really feel like into the
thing that was like don't ask me why I
just found out that a tree kangaroo as a
thing
it's a bush Turkey yeah there's turkeys
where you see kohonen what's going to
get you I was here doing what I do
you want a photo I jump in quick to get
photos okay let's focus our dollies
that's only actually going to get that
wheel oh by the way will I spent two
years old jumpin like Kermit in the car
let's
Joe's name Fritz Briggs
the tractor trophy also a shadow he's
attracted to me he's soaking up the Sun
right yeah get a job having a bad dream
but she's playing itself do duty
they're in container okay this is the
world's most venomous spider this is the
Sydney funnel-web spider hamster their
lungs are actually exposed to the air
they've towards the bottom of the shoe
and blow a bubble and just set it inside
okay so they don't know double the size
of the air in that bubble they breathe
for up to three days oh I'm so great
Australia maxpider but it's just like
what you guys have the black widows yeah
leave it there they could actually be
the same species of spider quite II up
in the jet stream spider is the huntsman
spider that's our house spider do that
they're in our houses you move your bed
and you realize you've had a fucking
huntsman behind your bed for the last
you know that's disgusting yeah face is
so gorgeous
hey take it away oh you like my gloves
you like to make love no see Oh see your
little hands
I get better just on the back oh
Realms friend look it she's like leaving
a little trail with her tail yeah she's
got like Tyrannosaurus Rex arms oh she
just wasn't hanging out with your bag
when the lady said she might jump in it
the chili blue lobster
this guy's still really itchy
we Came we saw we fuckin soothe the deaf
gonna do
the Pacific
where they be through the wheels we hear
there are wheels talking where are you
well
to wrap my vision
that guy girl says he's an albatross you
that's how they dry off they just
fucking open it
open it up al-mal how do i albatross you
then from just asking have you seen
these little penis squirters Wow stuff
ritziest fucking purple crap and we'll
fuckhead so I'm gonna turn him out I'm
gonna fall
hahahaha did you see it
look you know you're stabbing to death
Rome got these in the little Thai fool
thing and she they're like really really
fragile and she's giving she keeps
getting into so that we don't break him
yeah
Chavez flirted
what's that building from
yes yeah like I'm touching it so it's
there's so many people doing it too so
yeah there's this stuff that is really
cool
why is it what is this color oh my god
look hate making videos and fucking
hotels
how are ya make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put on new videos every
Wednesday even if I'm in dicking
Australia dicking around with you yeah
make sure you get some donkey toy still
jennamarbles block complex shot in sex
with each other
next time see you in America dicks
