why would you have a regular shirt when
you can have a rainbow shirt you can't
out wrinkle me so aggressive uh for any
of you that know me I hate people that
suck hi my name is Jenna and I'm here to
help you suck less I don't know some are
within my top ten things that I hate
about other people is people that look
with their whole face I don't think that
they know that they can just look at
things with their eyes you can fucking
look at things with your eyes holy shit
I have to put my whole face and
everything like whatever they're looking
at something they look at it with their
whole fucking face and I hate you I
can't stand it so I want to make a video
showing people that like to look with
their faces what they look like
the answer is dumb in keyboard if you do
plan look at all these toys did you get
him by the spider like Hello a dog
look at oh like a poster would you get
that how much Oh what did you get beat
there's a spider in here fire will do a
dog I like this fuck Oh kitty crush oh
yeah this is me heating my box all right
you guys moving is it cookie somebody
didn't do it hey who's hungry Alex some
good today
these are here what are you guys man
shit what are you doing what are you
doing
how do you do huh can I look at ya
you see obnoxious status I can guarantee
you that you know at least one person
that does that all the time they don't
know that they're doing it I hope this
video is a wake-up call to some of you
face-lookers out there oh yeah I realize
that I look at things with my face and
stop it said everyone just use your eyes
and if you don't have good eyesight
get some fucking glasses come on clean
it up and yes I did hurt my face a
couple of times and Freddie bought me
out I'm going to get on a plane to
Australia I'll see you guys at vid ink
race you to Australia make sure you
subscribe to our channel I put on new
videos every Wednesday I can pet you as
hard as I qui think of that a little bit
too much caffeine mm-hmm this is my dog
hallo a dog okay crash Oh
what are you convinced
