mmm can't mean like you were thick so I
know that for a lot of you out there
recent college graduates or people with
degrees people that will soon have
degrees you're not always guaranteed a
job anymore which sucks and there are a
lot of people my age that can't find
work in their field they feel like they
want to college forever so their ass off
and they still can't get a job and that
sucks my booboo I hear you but you don't
have to let your degree just be a piece
of paper that sits around in your room
you can let get your money's worth other
ways so I wanted to give you some things
that you could do with your degree so
that you can get your fucking money's
worth from that bitch so then further
ado here are some other ways to use your
degree makes a great shield cleans up
shit in seconds who needs noisemakers at
basketball games when you can have
degree is gonna miss that free throw and
know it's a baking trick makes a great
pillow they make a snuggly blanket a
chair for your hem self use it as your
alarm clock it's an iPod that plays all
your favorite songs like what the fuck I
still don't have a job I had to move
back in with my parents I still make
textbooks on eBay and loled it makes a
great drinking game make every time you
still don't have a job I'm getting
hammered forget two jeans two degrees
makes a great pet you sit as a backpack
put all your stuff in it it's a bookmark
can't afford cable
you can watch degree TV it's even
portable you play cards with it
Javy hmm
Go Fish it's a phone charger a napkin
we're not a toilet paper no you did it
so live for every cup use it as your
laptop use it as actual degree deodorant
it smells like lungs you can use it as a
free way to stay fit use it as a
flashlight a razor a nail filer a
t-shirt and if you get really desperate
you can use it as a source of heat so if
you finish your degree it you can do
whatever you want with it
don't just let that bitch hang on your
wall beautiful heads Kermit you're
getting like a c-minus for participation
thank you look uses dog toy still on
sale on my blog Jenna miles walk calm
select shop it should give a dick
where'd your hands go you says nubs a
pretty good catch with my knobs
alright Kearney say make sure you
subscribe to our channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday Thursday
now you're getting an ask for
participation you're making it hard for
anyone else do anything tip eyes 5 min
survey did you get angry I got a degree
in not having a dick
