take one take one I'm gonna vomit just
an update on my perm y'all please do not
do that I had my hair soaked in coconut
oil for two days and did two treatments
of olaplex just to salvage what was left
of my Dorito here it's still very
perfect but it almost fell off my head
completely so if you're looking for an
update that's it summer is coming to an
end and you know we wanted to do
something nice for our son goodbye he's
a hamster and we thought why not give
out a great big summer blowout he
deserves it he's had a hard summer he
deserves it he's been working hard here
and probably 400 miles this summer
especially since the channel vanilla ham
ham where I've gotten most of these
things continues to be the most extra
thing on the internet we already made a
couple of tiny things for add in the
last video we made him a table some
pancakes and a couple hats so we're
making our hamster a carrot cake a
slushie a picnic table and a sandbox
what are you doing today
we love it we're gonna make the table
first can I trust you with the cutting
up yes
and I trust you yes you can trust me oh
my god I forgot that you just did this
and there's pop sticks all over the
house Julian get it all the way the edge
you Aries mess don't do that don't do
that stop I swear to god we're gonna go
to high school by the end of this video
stop it you know you can't do a say for
hipsters no it's not that please no put
your hand out like this I just pull
right in there
nice to meet you my name is Julia nice
to meet you
so Julian sack go wash yourself you
nasty and you need you so now I'm not
gonna drop anything for the rest of the
videos Julian I need a leash for my
Julian cuz he's out of control babe do
you know what my astrological sign is
this it's called Aries these are fucking
insane her staple them oh it's not safe
for him stirs you have to do things cuz
they're safe they might take a little
extra time well extra effort but it's
safe for our son do you care can't hold
a hamster where your hands are covered
in Phillip oh I'm inspecting it you
writing on your hand Joel Osteen isn't
but don't write secrets about Joel
Osteen your hands that's dangerous do
not Joel Osteen smut on your hand oh my
god we have to let this dry before we
can put the benches on so it might just
be a picnic table and it might be too
tall for it we'll have to see so we're
gonna let this dry and while this is
drying it's time to start cooking are
you excited yeah I just I just saw the
recipe it's unbelievable right it's the
most it's so incredibly extracts y'all
so vanilla ham ham doesn't say she just
like told about two little
visit trays for her character I'm gonna
make those first we have to make two
matching identical aluminum foil trays
so we can fake our hamster a layer cake
you know what I'm saying
perfect needs to be exactly the same
size Charles it won't be a good need to
preheat the oven to a hundred and eighty
degrees
JJ's hamster kitchen pussy look at this
boy right here
all right so we're gonna grate one
carrot I mix two teaspoons of flour and
a drop of oil he's not wake up thinking
it's like any other day and we're gonna
take them out let boys that have a
fucking sandpit and a carrot cake and a
cucumber slushy he's gonna have a
fucking carrot cake yeah that's right
our fucking hands who's gonna have a
fucking carrot cake
no a falling knife has no handle and I
just did so baby that walk so you caught
a falling knife yes get out half the
flower is left in the spoon just stop
with the more carrot
we're gonna put this in a little carrot
trace 10 minutes in the oven now we have
some time to talk about how you need to
stop it so for the icing she was able to
find these like white ones and green
ones whatever at this pet store they
only had strawberry drops so
everything's gonna be pink and I also
don't have any yogurt obviously I don't
eat any fucking yogurt so I'm just gonna
try and use water so that comes out
shitty don't make fun of me okay but it
also can't be like gooey cuz he can't
have anything squishy and sticky in his
pouch so they have to let it dry which
is why we're doing it now before we
decorate his sand pit so it's nice and
dry it's not gooey in his pouch oh my
god it's really still good for my
basketball game tomorrow they don't look
all like cooked like her weight is 180
degrees like some Celsius oh it's just
our little name something you're proud
of ad for now you're gonna cut the
cucumber but you keep the skin separate
from the left
we couldn't find a little plastic slushy
thing HAMB HAMB head so we could just
feed them out of this little trough in
your trophy guys oh shit what the fuck
and you guys like smash it all up like
it's gonna be a slushie
I can't match this okay so heads up if
you're ever trying to make a vanilla ham
ham recipe this bitch uses Celsius we've
been baking our cake at 180 degrees
forever now and there's never gonna be
it's definitely 350 degrees so we'll be
done soon
it's not exactly perfect but we tried
our best to stripe it he's gonna take
like not even a bite of that and be very
unimpressed this looks so much oh you
know what these are a fucking nightmare
to cook the top is hard cuz then the
rest of its like fuckin gooey how did we
fuck this up for fuck's sake
these have taken like an hour vanilla
ham ham girl you did not show the life
struggles that happen when you make this
tiny cake this is a bloodbath ugly it's
pretty cute it's stamp it time so for
those of you that are concerned don't
worry we got place in it's safe for
children and babies and hamsters oh here
we go BB in order to make him feel
special we're gonna decorate his sand
pit Julian when you're dating me do you
ever just feel like I think it's
necessary ten times better already
oh shit is a fucking same bad for my
funky hipster looking pretty festive
obviously ad can't touch like most of
the stuff in here but we'll supervise
him this is still like sticky we put it
in the freezer but I'm nervous because
they're not supposed to have sticky in
their pouch
so where's case scenario is that we have
to make another little carrot cake
without icing which was annoying but at
least we know what temperature to baking
at we're gonna wait till add wakes up
anyways yeah we'll see you another week
so it's been a little while and this
still feels like really sticky I think
we added I feel I'm sorry I'm trying my
best
I have a basketball game the world would
get ready boy but I don't think for my
hamster all fucking night
this one actually temperature yeah but
guess what today I learned just goes in
there can do it doesn't mean you kid
okay I learned the hard way I've also
put down a little paper towel on your
hair just in case ad gets a little crazy
so he won't get sand in his mouth
because of the thoughtful caring mother
and my son deserves the best you have a
toy store actually no you got it
he's already awake and has gone potty
look what he did good mom
good morning bud look what mommy and
daddy made you do you want some carrot
cake or some cucumber sundae
what do you think bitch will fuck em big
where the fuck are mommy and daddy made
you a beautiful sand pit
what are you fishin and are you gonna go
up your slide whoa
add mommy baked you not one but two
carrot cakes so if you don't eat it I'm
gonna actually flip the fuck oh my god
there's treats in there yes checking it
out he could be on the fucking moon
right now like he does not know or care
whoa there he goes do you smell a
delicious carrot cake that you would
like to eat because I made it for you
you like the cake is it good oh my bad
there's also a delicious sundae in
carrot cake over here oh he really likes
it see Julian all these hours of baking
a tiny cake isn't this worth it
he's furious about this thing are you
having a good summer
I keep like breathing and laughing and
blowing his fur I'm like oh the carrot
well enough for this bake shake you know
whole fucking Garrett nope hold I'm
going to that one to the cheek daddy a
cheek for later I swear to God put the
whole thing in his cheek oh it was he's
eating his Sunday oh it's good it's
cucumber you like it please eat it it
took a long fucking time and wait so you
just walk around the whole carrot in his
mouth
yeah boy fucking wild hey add okay I
don't know what that he's getting a
little wild because he wants to take
care about don't go near the lights it's
for decoration ad hey why can't you just
enjoy what you're in you just always try
to get out live in the moment
turn it on the Jets why don't you go
down your slide go that way
it's fun you'll like it he's like real
violent about it my god well so far the
carrot cake is a 10 out of 10 this
cucumber slushy zero
she's like no fucking thank you I'm so
happy
do you feel like you had a good summer
okay have some slush well you know what
you just want to eat some cake get the
fuck out he's a simple man with simple
needs
you're not fancy like vanilla huh I just
want to run out my wheel and run away oh
shit
those fucking moves damn oh there he
goes
if I didn't know any better I'd say
you're a little ungrateful you're happy
and calm and I'm holding it but when
you're in a pit of fun you just can't
handle it you just want to get out in
this Florida world
no don't we all in alright well I guess
that's it the way that you liked your
carrot cake was preview but we're gonna
let you go back into your cage and hide
that whole carrot wherever you gonna
hide it they make sure you subscribe to
my channel I put any visit Wednesday /
Thursday not quite a success but not
quite a failure so it sounds a lot like
my life say goodbye but sure you don't
want one more try one more try
say goodbye baby yet summer's over
goodbye
