hey guess what I have a very important
announcement to make
I'm actually Bruce Willis and I've been
dead this entire time just kidding I
made curry it took an entire year to
make that I've been keeping the secret
for an entire year but now everyone can
have their very own Kermit and marbles
on planet Earth and also parts of Planet
X you can buy a kami room of marbles a
pair of them or a litter mr. marbles
since eight inches tall six inches wide
and is made of a thousand percent sexy
man's firm it cost $13 at first to show
her me worm stands ten inches tall and
10 inches well shaped like a lowercase
and just as majestic as the real curvy
one cost $13.50 you also had the option
of buying a pair of them then you can
have your own wolf pack of furry
children together they cost $27 and
modes where you could buy a whole
literally Kermit's three marbles you
give one to your babysitter to your dog
and where the rest is hats to your
birthday party from you women Bible toys
are 100% safe for actual dogs if cats
and hamsters that's so much better
they have squeaks in them say mystery
children love them don't take my word
here real dogs have to say
they're so lifelike you can't even tell
which ones are real dogs we'll take
those you can use them to turn off your
light ever play games alone not anymore
what greatest brushes dog face dog party
button in ok bye I see your seeker me
when you're mr. wobbles and crummy
website getting bad you put them in baby
jail and then he can let them do do do
do do do do do you ever drink alone not
anymore
they can fit in any bag and you can take
the money where whole life will be what
are there take him to the dog park don't
even answer your door for you they walk
just like real dogs all your neighbors
will be like holy shit and they're so
easy to train they listen to everything
you say
go doctors now you're hungry oh yeah
seriously we've been making these toys
for like a year and they're finally here
and I'm so excited brain where me and me
Moo they don't care where I'm actually
loves playing with himself he always
plays with himself did I did there you
can buy them on my blog Jana marbles
blog calm / shop you're being a dick and
ruining my video go there and get them
cuz they're so cute and so exciting
you're really everything and then you
can have your own Kermit hey we're not
done you can get free friends and get
them free of your cousin and get them
for your dog your dog will like them too
oh my believe it you need what is every
deal so yeah for all of you that been
asking your parents to get you a Kermit
or marbles now you can have your own
they say make sure you subscribe to our
channel with other videos everyone
sticking your dick they see if you get
your own Kermit then it can do that to
you all the time too
