it's time to get dressed hey Claude
friends I have nothing to wear I'm gonna
do don't even find a clean underwear I
can only find one of every sock all
right let's start with a shirt yeah
these bees it sure smells like pee one
who did that you fuckface
it sure does dieldrin all over it white
shirt time way too messy to wear white
it sure is big peeing all over it mister
it's all ripped you were this they just
wore it whoops I almost got me I love
this shirt Stephanie just got it I hate
Stephanie I know what I'll wear my
overalls room seventh-grade yeah I gave
me a camel toe and a wedgie who's the ho
last dress this way to Kingu shoe this
isn't right I don't wear this tank top
then wear something over it like pants
these jeans are too stiff these jeans
are too big he's a couple some clown
leggings or space leggings or you can
just get back in their jammies I guess
I'll just wear black leggings but shoes
am I gonna wear - I wear heels no fuck
that shit it's not like Jesus say it'll
day either like wear my crack
everyone hates my Crocs don't worry crux
I still love you can't wear my sneakers
cuz I can't find any socks no they're
both feet sweaters who sweatery those
are my flip-flops I'm cold I need
something else well I look like a
librarian books are due Thursday I'll
kill you this is not a whole shirt sure
it's too green who purple to red and
Tiger way to Liberty - what is this -
little kid nightgown tea no no no no no
no yes looks so good on you - it's not
raining out yeah and it was like it
rolled out of the garbage look at me I'm
a man with a dick I really gotta get
dressed or it could go speed skating get
off me oh just wear unicorn blanket
there are only good clothes oh yeah
they're dirty guys I just wear this
sweatshirt same switch everywhere
everyday well I'm outta here we don't
need one more thing please okay I'm
ready
jeez whose theme was today the meat what
why you lookin at dick Oh what did you
turn today oh come on how you get
dressed
Thanks am a man and I wear my meds for
all day
yeah you have agreed outfit
congratulations make sure you subscribe
to our channel we put out new videos
every Wednesday and sometimes it comes
out on Thursday sometimes I just do this
to your head
you're like a magic crystal ball except
you're a dog okay
people look at you a little racket Oh
buddy yucky I just got so weird Dix
don't growl at me videos over
