oh yeah time to get some girls over here
group text message add recipients Shayla
Makayla Maria job
I mean Jenna Shaniqua Hey Girl what you
doing sent or at least one of them is
coming over yo is that girl you're
talking to Oh your girlfriend all right
she uh singular like what's your deal
how many games beer pong Guin oh yeah
that's right all of them huh oh so
fucking hungry fucking shock anybody
trying on my protein shrugs your digs Oh
who wants a shotgun shotgun pussies it's
like what two o'clock oh it's like 4:30
you keep drinking anybody shot on you
don't even eat let's finish do not open
him out what do you mean no what's up
creating a new shot I'll beat you bigger
he's your fucking pussy that kid like
using my face room like all ready to go
after a little while kicked his ass
he's a bitches in the bar yeah well I
sure heard him you stick now okay who
wants me to jump up here there is you
know yeah okay the delts are on fire
right no I only drink like on the
weekends this gives you definitely
insolent bursts so sore laughs dude I'm
really sorry about your face earlier but
I love you bro I love you I would take a
dick for you my ass so when I was
talking to that really nice girl at the
bar and then I was like yo can I get
your number and she's like oh no sorry I
have a boyfriend
good bitch that girl was huh bitch fuck
you I know we can do join us some gay
porn last person to get hard is gay
Pippy is a toilet I'm gonna put guitar
looks so good
hold on hold on Oh whatever you know
what hard play forgot some two chords I
maybe you'll come over if you get a
little taste of that
Oh dick pick poop emoji send we want to
do shots of b12 you like shoot it really
so fucking amped you have a syringe cuz
I don't I don't
it wants marijuana by some heroin oh
sweet Maria texted me back what do you
mean you can't come over oh you have
work in the morning what if I make you
some pancakes say no to that I'm gonna
destroy your pussy right now not what
sorry I'm yeah I'm gonna like fucking
keep your panties off
Oh what I mean this like never happens
to me
not even that drunk just fucking just
shut up oh oh oh my god I'm done no I
really did I think I did first person
that passes out his game dick drawn on
their face I'm not sleeping just like
sayin a person I wasn't sleeping you
know just napping Mon I'm gonna do this
he'll fucking us hey how you doing one
day yeah okay take rejection
I made the what girls drew when they're
drunk video in 2011 but you thought I
was never gonna do this
see they yell it trip your tits and your
nipples in your face tell your mom
alright say make sure you subscribe to
our channel we put on new videos every
Wednesday go drew dicks on me what the
fuck I kiss you only dick
