is actually so hard to do with your arms
close fucking shoulders bent like that
hey angel it's nice to see you again I
can't see you oh no we're turning yellow
this is Jesus light coming in here so
while ago I made a video called things I
suck at because I was hoping that maybe
if I told you some of the things I was
bad at that make you feel better and
ever since I made that video one of the
most requested videos has been things
that you're good at this video is
probably not gonna be that haha funny
but I think it's really important
especially when sometimes you start to
get down on yourself you're having a
weird time so here's what I want you to
do my sweet angel mouth I want you to
get a piece of paper and write down some
things that you're good at and tape it
somewhere nice in your room where you
can look at it and remind yourself that
you're awesome or if you're me you can
tape it on your ceiling and look at it
when you're trying to get your dog to
make out with you at night because
you're lonely oh my boobs make out with
me oh you mean you don't want it what do
you mean only some good at stuff so here
we go here are some things that I'm good
at they probably wouldn't know unless we
were best friendship threads that we
like lived across the hall from each
other I'm really good at ordering food
Oh what time is it like 1:00 in the
morning you think nothing's open wrong I
will find a place and I will order you
some food and you're gonna eat it I'm
also really good at feeding people I'm
very concerned about everyone else's
hunger level and I want to make sure
that they're being fit I'm very good at
making sure that you're not hungry
I'm really good at taking shots and then
pretending like I didn't hate it like I
have a really good shot poker face you
know looks something like this
Oh mm-hmm when inside I'm really like I
don't like it I gonna do I'm really good
at braiding hair if you like that really
like messy messed-up braids look I got
you I am excellent at fixing to fix
toilets and doors don't ask me why but
it's just those two things
toilets and I just understand each other
like I can MacGyver the fuck out of
anything in the back like top of there
you can't even call a plumber faster
than I can fix your toilet in terms of
doors I've never met a door that I
couldn't fix
give me some screws and it's
screwdriver maybe some duct tape maybe a
hammer I mean I don't know how crazy
it's gonna get but I can always without
a doubt fix your door anything else
though like cars and the TV or can't
figure that shit out but toilets indoors
they're never broken when I'm around I'm
really good at taking exceptionally long
showers most people would think it's a
bad thing but hey I'm good at it okay I
think it takes a certain level of
patience to be tolerant of a really hot
environment for so long lot of people
get too hot or they get bored not me no
way Jose I can stay here all fucking day
I am excellent at driving really slow
like below the speed limit and not on
purpose just because I am a very slow
driver in fact when I get on the highway
I almost exclusively drive in the
right-hand Lane I just never get off
even if I'm driving 300 miles away I'm
just like you know what I'm just gonna
stay over here tell us time to get off I
don't like passing and I don't like all
the things that go on I just like to
stay over here in the safe Lane Oh with
all the old people and people that don't
like to go fast like me my mom would be
so proud you hear that mom I'm really
good at petting other people's dogs and
animals in general there's no shame in
my case I don't care that I'm a
full-grown adult I shamelessly walk up
to people and say hey can I put your dog
sometimes it confuses people and they
don't really know what to say because
then I spend a little bit too long
petting them but you know what I'm just
trying to court your dog so we could be
friends don't be mad at me when he runs
away from your house then why so come
live with me because I live an awesome
dog land where everybody gets chicken
I'm really good at tipping people anyone
in the service industry I will tip you
for those of us that have had miserable
jobs where you rely on tips I feel you I
respect you my angel Mouse when I get
drunk I'm really good at a couple things
never taking my shoes off like I don't
do suck and make these videos and say
shit in them and not have it be the
truth I never take my shoes off I've
been bleeding there's been blisters
there has been dings that just look so
incredibly painful happening with my
feet I don't care it can feel
like a tiny bugs in my feet are breaking
I will never take my shoes off unless I
get into my house or someone else's
house ever ever on the street ever ever
ever ever ever got any girl that's like
oh my feet just hurt so badly suck it up
you gotta be kidding me
I'm also really good at I get drunk on
the weekend I will always somehow wake
up with my contacts out and my retainer
in and my eyelashes off and like most of
my makeup taking off you think like when
you sorta like drunk and ready to go to
bed that you'd have different priorities
and doing those things but no not me I'm
fantastic at it I'm really good at being
a friend that listens to you when you
need someone to listen on your lesson
for you and boo-boo
and lastly I'm really good at hand jobs
because they give them with my mouth I
know it's time to play a game called
when the wind won't come to you go to
the word so make yourself a nice list
and hey it's somewhere where you can
remind yourself every day of something
that you're good at so when that fucking
boy at school is hanging out with Beth
again and you're starting to feel sad
just go to your list and be like oh yeah
I make banging grilled cheese sandwiches
in your face motherfucker good no butter
broom you don't I mean what are you good
at it's dance me too you have big biceps
no I do oh look at that some may say
that that's weird guess how many skinny
bitches try and talk shit to me none
except for you you always talk shit to
me huh fuck you alright - see you next
week bye latwon or just don't say
anything if I do this doesn't make you
feel like you're hugging the wimp oh it
feels so good I hug him for you he did
it like it
