okay time for a home workout stretch it
out a little bit maybe some of this hey
what are you doing kitchy hold on I
gotta send an email
look baby sloth okay focus let's go oh
so sore from doing nothing again good
good now hold on I need some water
walk dude I've got a record game of
thrones for tonight channel is it no
it's going right now wine my bud fuck
off three that's enough of that
star V need a snack no these are money
only if you get it out of my mouth oh my
god you did that lunges wow I definitely
pulled something
I'll just ice it Furman and watch TV
back to work how about some weights
don't have any weights I will improvise
oh yeah oh yeah and the CEO let's do
this one huh this one yeah what's that
Pub one long puzzle skills do it jumping
jacks oh my god i'm mocchi i should fix
my hair don't I smell like not even
sweating so tired
one and good let's see how my pedometers
doing can fix that
yeah cheating much better let's do a wee
workout jog in place or I could just do
this so I do a workout DVD what the fuck
is this shit's way too hard boxing with
your room how the fuck are you alright
you guys are going to baby jail can't
kick it out wait what alright get it
together
look over here me no no oh where was
this alright I got a workout I'll do
some dips to the floor and that'll do it
good workout today huh invade your nest
hey say that's why we're not very good
at working out at home yeah it never
seems to work out right for me obviously
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we make your views every Wednesday
bubbles would you like some water
Kermit would you like some water no you
guys know who likes water Oh oops
oh I'm on a roll today you're not
oppressed huh anyone anyone really
mm-hmm
I need human interaction ding dong who's
there no one I'm alone right 2xe bye
ding dong who's there dude
