started from the bottom now we got it
from the bottom got my whole team
fucking here in words I'm not allowed to
say Oh time to put I just realized I'm
ravenously hungry I don't want to get up
female somewhere make me a sandwich or I
don't have a female wait a second my bad
sandwich your past self there's still
thought full of future self hot babes on
Instagram she's all just food in fashion
flex give me for ticks
she was happening on vine give me a
boner
Oh turns out I was mistaken let's go
with it no wait an uber glasses and my
retainer I can't sleep with all my
boobie and I suck my thumb and I'm
scared of the dark and we split out
you're not even real good night mommy
okay so you put the cold side of my
pillow no God thank you for my enormous
cock comparison with the national
average whatever its enormous when it's
in your mouth oh really not tired you'll
read a book I don't read books come on
knock it off I've got an idea I can fall
asleep turn on Gossip Girl
oh man this show is because a unicorn
there it is where are we bet you guys
thought it wasn't ever gonna make that
video
well I tricked you motherfuckers I never
fuck it oh so nice of you to join us
littlest wolf in the wolf pack bobble
what's brown and sticky a brown stick
bitch Oh
telling Josie your dogs they make sure
you subscribe to our channel we put out
new videos every Wednesday sometimes
it's not Thursday okay fuckin it is what
it is we will see you next week we're in
the living room and it's time to fucking
yawn and then eat some food paint
sandwiches
