come on I am a dog and I am new here I
was just wondering what are this look at
this what are this what are this what I
get is what are this what aren't this
what are this but at this what are this
what are this what are this look at this
what does this what are this I can smell
it but I do not know what it is what are
this this how this and this what does
this this but this aren't this I'm very
curious and I do not know these things
are can you tell me what art is look at
this
what this what is what is what are this
at this what are this I am a dog and I
do not understand your people things you
tell me what is this look at this look
at this what are this what are this is
what are this okay feeling better now
little bit not really can you beat me
what are this
don't judge me
I made that because you know like when
you bring your dog somewhere new and
they just need to smell everything at
least that's what Kermit does whenever
he goes to someone else's house for the
first time so what are this what are all
of this so I've made it a song fucking
weirdest video ever Marvel does not care
yeah muggles you are not in that video
because you don't do that don't you just
bark or want food alright so make sure
you subscribe to our channel I put on
those every Wednesday except sometimes
it's on Thursday bail fuck yeah curling
you say we want chicken there's one
chicken marbles and those the word
chicken right says you next week day bye
bye what or this
