so today needs to be real life video
coming straight from my actual life
switch sides when we gotta keep the arms
even so you may be asking yourself why
are you doing that with your arms and
your gloves well you see sometimes when
I fall off my diet train I fall like way
off and tumbling off a cliff like into
an ocean and just drown in it so that's
what I've been doing since like
Thanksgiving just eating my feelings so
I came up with this idea if I confessed
all the things that my inner fat kid
made me eat and it's all her fault that
if I put them out into the universe and
maybe I can move on with my life and not
do it anymore
and the second goal of doing this would
be so that you could maybe feel a little
bit better about yourself if your inner
fat kid forces you to eat terrible
things for you now don't get me wrong
none of these things are bad for you in
moderation what I'm confessing to is not
moderation I was doing this all day
every day so months it's just gotten to
the point where my underwear is getting
a little bit tight and I'm also just
gonna be lifting these super heavy
five-pound weights while sitting down
and doing this entire video to make
myself feel like I'm moving while I'm
saying it so then maybe it evens it out
I don't know baby steps
Ida let my inner fat kid control my life
and that's enough put my foot down
because I want to pluck my black and a
bikini feel okay about it lit right
Kermit you're being a creep or maybe
you're watching this video and eating a
bag of Cheetos and thinking about how
someday you're gonna have to be on beach
you don't feel weird so just pick up
something heavy and we'll move it
together all we confess our terrible
eating habits to each other okay I won't
judge you as long as you will judge me
the internet doesn't judge anyone ever
but we're friends so it's not like that
so step one is put an animal in your
shirt okay now
maybe my arms might look okay because
I'm flexing them right now that'll tell
you that my butt looks like what
something gross it looks like that all
right so here we go and put my fat kid
confessions out into the universe and
hope that this makes me change my ways
starting with Thanksgiving on
Thanksgiving I'm 80 26 pound turkey for
two people in two dogs who does that
that is altogether too much turkey
I also made not one but two pies for two
people hi Janis fat kid why did you do
that
and then you ate I'm not just like pie
you ate him with whipped cream and ice
cream and then you ate those pies until
they were gone for the next like week at
Christmas
I ate cake until I was like sick like
nauseous and wanted to puke I'm just
sitting there with my fork like oh I am
not feeling so good right now I should
probably stop what did i do kept eating
it if I had been drinking and it was
getting really late like the early hours
of the morning I would sometimes on
occasion count down how many hours I had
to stay up and order to get McDonald's
breakfast and then I would go get it and
eat it
I've ordered more late-night Chinese
food than should be even legal for one
home address they should put a limit on
that like excuse you miss apartment are
you gonna do that the whole time excuse
you miss apartment B don't you think
that you've had enough sodium intake for
the next decade knock it off we're not
coming here anymore pizzas like whole
pizzas but I wouldn't just eat the pizza
it would have pepperoni on it I'll get
blue cheese out dip it in the blue
cheese because blue cheese makes my
boobs bigger you know what else blue
cheese makes bigger but everything on
more than one occasion I eat macaroni
and cheese until I couldn't feel
feelings anymore or my face I would even
eat lying down like I can't even sit up
to eat if getting a ton of calories
weren't enough but also likes to drink a
ton of
beer wine fruity delicious cocktails
that you know have like 400 calories
than them yet give me all of those
Starbucks basically a breakfast
milkshake I drank all the Starbucks I
would get chili from Wendy's but then
you can't just stop with the chili I
would get french fries and dip the
french fries into the chili and eat it
tight so many cookies so many cookies
one time I didn't have any real food to
eat so I just had a bag of croutons I
eat so many Doritos Locos Tacos because
once you eat the Doritos ones you can't
go back to regular tacos the shell is
just so boring I want that one covered
in cheese and then of course when the
Cool Ranch ones came out heads eat those
cuz I need to see where all the rage was
about it was about hating yourself one
time after I went to tappable I left the
bag of a couple taco sitting out on the
counter and I woke up the next day and
looked at him and they were all like
soggy and gross I ate them I even get
extra food to feed my dogs and now
they're getting chubby I'm making my
dogs fat bacon sausage eggs all the eggs
I ate all the eggs on planet Earth I ate
them all if you're looking for your eggs
I ate them they're gone it was really
sick one day and threw up at a Burger
King and then ate Burger King fighting
popcorn I don't just eat the popcorn I
eat the popcorn I found really old candy
in my backpack you think I threw it out
no I ate it it was like half melted and
stuck to the rep right peel the wrapper
off of it so I can eat it I drink lots
of soda I love coke and Red Bull and all
that stuff with the sugar in it I made
lemonade and a bunch of times I
physically measured the sugar I belted
it and then I put it into my drink and
drank it I knew exactly what I was
putting into my mouth and I did it
anyway
I ate steak a bunch of times but not
just like eating the steak I covered it
with mashed potatoes and then put it in
my mouth over and over and over again
until I could move for the rest of the
neck when I was in Ireland I went to a
24-hour Subway ask them if they could
fill up a box with just pepperoni so I
could eat it and I did one time my
friend Rachel and I ordered 40 chicken
wings when I got here we ate some we
decided that they weren't very good so
what we do we ordered 40 more chicken
wings from another place and ate all of
them went our way a barbecue chicken for
breakfast beef jerky it's delicious we
not good for you and I ate it a million
times
chocolate chip pancakes like I couldn't
just eat regular pancakes I need a
chocolate chip pancakes and I didn't
even cover them in pure like liquid
sugar one time I went through a
drive-thru it's just me in the car and I
already ordered like three meals and she
was like all right here's your total and
I was like oh I'm not done you want
cheese and bacon on that the answer is
always yes
do I want a small medium or large eh
what the fuck do you think I mean I
think that's most of it I'm like squishy
you know when you're like squishy spring
comes every year and yet every year it
manages to surprise me like sneaking up
on me reminding me I'm not ready to pull
my bathing suits yet so that felt good I
got it out there hopefully this is going
to make me take some accountability for
my eating habits
oh please made you feel a little bit
better roll your inner fat kid if you
have one we would probably be friends
except we shouldn't hang out together so
I'm a down-ass bitch or when you ask me
if I want to order chili cheese fries
you think I'm gonna say no to you know
Instagram pictures of our butts back and
forth to each other until they look like
different butts they make sure you
subscribe to our channel we make new
videos every Wednesday and we upload
them at
it played again a clock bubble says I am
NOT a wheat what are you doing this to
me see you next week
Kermit I see your legs you creepy or
Scott I'm like sweating now fuck
