oh hey so a couple months ago I made a
video called what a girl's hair means
and ever since then people been
requesting what a girls makeup means and
boo boo I got you so for all my vagina's
out there don't know what your makeup
says about you and for all my gentlemen
friends out there don't know what a
girls makeup means I'm here to tell you
because little-known fact when I was
getting my master's degree I also got a
PhD in fucking life so let's just start
with the basics shall we
a girl that has no makeup on means I'm
just fucking hanging out stop judging me
with your eyes seem to do with your eyes
stop it because it's gonna get real
awkward later when you ask for a phone
I'm ready to try to explain why you
didn't want it right now and you want to
look hot fuck you
foundation that's too late or too dark
means my skin might have been that color
at one point and then Sun happened or
didn't happen or I can't tell what my
skin color is a line of foundation where
you can see it on my face and not on my
neck means hey first of all let's be
positive at least you're not gonna get
any makeup in your mouth when you trying
to get hickey so I'm a considerate
person
it also means we you can put makeup on
your neck think this line proves that
that is news to me going for a really
dewy skin look means let's not take a
picture with flash or not go too close
to the Sun because you Michael blind
from looking at my face makeup with a
lot of contouring means I know what I'm
doing just casually changing my bone
structure into a different bone
structure like a makeup plastic surgeon
too much contouring means I love Kim
Kardashian but I don't added this right
pink blush me say in red blush means in
a really strong cheek look like this
means I just don't have good light my
house
this doesn't look at anyone supernatural
I look means I acknowledge your sexual
advances
have a vibrator really colorful eye
makeup means I'm so fun
you tell them fun like so fun and
playful colors really bold eye liner
means wait till you see what underwear I
have on the smokey eye needs gonna try
to get laid tonight or if it's during
the day and i have a smokey eye that
means show me your wallet cuz I'm a
hooker glittery there means I'm 12
I'm Kesha I'm drunk or again I'm a
hooker hey a face full makeup no makeup
on your eyebrows means you can put
makeup on your eyebrows what regular
eyebrows mean how you doing really
strong eyebrows me I look at too many
fashion magazine sad eyebrows mean my
boyfriend did my makeup today excited
eyebrows mean we're eyebrows they're the
wrong color me someday when I realized
what a horrible mistake I've made about
the lead every picture of me like this
is a dark period and these eyebrows are
racist fake eyelashes me I took the time
to glue tiny pieces of hair to my eyes
trying really hard to impress you how am
i doing not good damn it too much under
eye concealer means yes we got
shit-faced last night I may or may not
still be drunk right now lip liner means
I'll go my mouth
think about it pink lipstick nude
lipstick red lipstick peach lipstick and
dark lipstick all mean I'm gonna suck
your dick except the darker the color
the more it's gonna get all over your
fucking dick and if I have gloss on it's
gonna be any bigger mess and not to be
insensitive to sexuality it would get
all over your vagina too so there you go
there's everything a girls makeup meets
it's deep shit make sure you subscribe
to our channels we make new videos every
Wednesday and I'm holding two hugs
I have arms full of dogs nature and
how's it feel to not have any thumbs hop
your sucker you guys just don't ever
give a fuck you just don't care care
more is this my destiny
so just piss around it but fun things
don't give a fuck liking it alright I
guess I'll see you next week my dog's
continue to not care bitches America
dick yeah
