Regan's times up so today I want to talk
about white lice and the fact that
everyone tells them and if you think
that you don't tell white lies well then
you're lying to yourself now in my
opinion I think there's two kinds of
white lights kind of white lie you tell
to not hurt someone's feelings and a
white lie to get it out of a little bit
of trouble for example I think it's safe
to say that everyone tells white lies
that the doctor's office have you ever
used alcohol yes so shall we
how many drinks you consume in a week
three how many days a week do you
usually drink one I don't like being
judged when you're at the dentist do you
floss every day yes and you use
mouthwash and ice your teeth after every
meal yep do you drink a lot of energy
drinks know what at least they're okay
right I used to tell white lies in
school all the time and you got an extra
pen oh no sir
my only pen I don't have any more pens
you know if you say yes you're just
never gonna get it back so you have to
tell that white lie or else you're gonna
be that asshole asking for pens
eventually is everyone love stolen years
oh you have any more gum no I got this
from someone else
it's my fucking gum it's like 25 cents
for a whole pack but I walked ten
minutes out of my way today just to get
some you can do it too fuck you when
your mom would ask you if you did all
your homework today I didn't have any it
did have the plus okay I'm gonna do it
in homeroom I mean it'll get done
eventually mom pipe can't you see him
watching Spongebob right now or when
they ask you where you are comin
Allison's know there are no boys here
why didn't you call me I forgot your
phone number I ran out of quarters then
their white lies their excuses that you
tell to get out of trouble and not hurt
someone's feelings like if you never got
back to someone that called or text you
my phone died Wow sleeping I was in the
shower oh sorry I was driving I lost my
phone I had diarrhea
wait lice for why you're late I was
stuck in traffic I got really lost my
guinea pig had explosive diarrhea white
lies that you tell your friends so that
they won't hate you forever oh you can
do so much better than him he sucked he
was just the worst ever he's pretty cool
of course I remembered your birthday I
love your new French horn tattoo really
sorry I had to leave your birthday party
my pants white lies that you tell boys
oh sorry we can't hang out I already
have a boyfriend
name's Gary you'd like it this is a lot
like you you have such a big dick
probably the worst way lie you can tell
there's girl problem related white lies
sorry I'm being such an asshole PMS eh
well your bathrooms for customers only
I'm pregnant just not showing yet Let Me
In and then everything else falls under
the miscellaneous white lies I've only
blown your dad like two times he was
dead when I got here he's not dead he's
sleeping my dog diarrhea Don my homework
are you chewing gum in class no I just
have diarrhea can I put it in your butt
no I have diarrhea no I'm sorry I can't
come over today my cat was murdered by
diarrhea today's the funeral I had some
dinner oh no thanks I'm full diarrhea
nobody ever pays me and diarrhea and
that's how quickly this video turned
into a video about diarrhea hopefully
this video makes you feel a little bit
better about telling white lies because
everyone does it sometimes you just have
a fake diarrhea deal with it and make
sure you subscribe to our channel we
make new videos every Wednesday my post
you ever tell lies your ears are full of
lies that's why they're so big you know
why spider-man's doing that
he's got fake diarrhea
I am like five years old today haha doo
doo
