we are am I in a weird porno but I'm
actually in Ireland because I won the
James Joyce award which is barely a real
thing and so I came all the way darlin
to visit my Ireland internet friendships
I was at UCD today which is the
University College Dublin but then
tomorrow going to Trinity College where
I also received the Bram Stoker award
both of these things I don't know what I
did to deserve them but thank you
Ireland and I'm here and I love you I
got in on Tuesday which was yesterday I
have no fucking idea dated and then
today I did this I went and accepted an
award so you guys know I usually don't
do this but I made an exception cuz this
is really exciting it's really cool so
this is what I did today on sexual
fucking Wednesday and yeah I'm gonna be
a great time when the a girl in machine
I'm so excited
look at my mom right now well no one can
trust you because I can't see your eyes
shut up
you're so shifty right now shut up
she was like we're your son Leslie mom
won't forget kids here
no they were lost
okay I just hung out with all my
boo-boos in Ireland right I probably
should like to like hang off for longer
okay speaking it letters I got a ball up
giraffe I like crazy stuff happens great
follow me at twitter I'm really gonna
follow them this week we had a great
time I love Ireland so much forever
every different pepper can I say we're
going to get food we're gonna get drunk
doesn't matter where but all i matter so
drunky
I don't have a current or muggles
so here's Korean here's marbles and you
said make sure you subscribe to our
channel because I put everything every
Wednesday even if I'm in fucking Ireland
even if I'm like not even anywhere they
are where I'm supposed to be yeah I love
you I love you Island thank you so much
for having me ah thank you for inviting
me to come and kick it and get drunk in
your country and for all of you that I
got to meet and hug I love you for those
of you that didn't get to meet hug I'm
here until Saturday I'm gonna find you
I'm gonna haunt the fuck out of you and
you're gonna like it and then you're
gonna tell your parents next week I'll
make a real video I promise I miss my
dawgs give them a go kiss them for me
like feed them some treats
you should put my tits away for today
that's enough of that bye
