oh yes beats to revive hair sunglasses
only has a mat your hair's because I did
10 out of 10 would recommend anyways
today Julian went to those shoot like a
short film with Christina Elijah and
Colin and it just felt like the most
perfect day to like really fuck all of
that up I've tried twice now in the past
to prank Julian I'm not very good at it
what I want to do this time I think
something a little more romantic see
Julia and I have never been to like any
sort of dance or anything romantic
together you know Sally we're married or
anything you know we haven't really done
anything romantic or the two of us that
involves like a dress and a dance so
what I think I'm going to do is throw us
a surprise bra that's right okay I want
to make that media room look like a
dance for the problem I have a punch joy
doesn't know like when he's going to be
finished so my time schedule is going to
be a little weird because I don't know
how much time I have so we're just going
to have to like freak out and do it whoo
after a long day of hard work doesn't
love to come home to a surprise prom
it's going to be pissed and it's going
to make a mess here we go Vivi I'm
walking are you all right mommy's gotta
go bye everybody
wait who the fuck are you I'm in tiny
City getting to work hard and they have
so many choices I just hope that Julian
doesn't look at me dot on fine friends
and be like this where the fuck are you
right healthy he's too busy and doesn't
notice and I'm gone
I'm just over here smoking with you
being thought you cool I got about just
stuff as you can say one of the girls
that helps fill up all those balloons
for when I listed Marvel's Amir with
balloons was in there I could just feel
her looking at me like bitch what is you
doing right now all right you know just
started my boyfriend an adult problem
for surprise I got a bunch of good stuff
with the exception of fog juice for fog
machine whirs I have to find somewhere
else which is kind of bitch but I can do
it I believe in myself it's hot I've
found the mother lode oh my god yes so I
made it back I think this is all the
supplies I need to have a great prom
we'll see hope I got enough stuff I need
to go to four different party supply
stores to get the fog juice that goes
inside of a fog machine and by the third
one I was like is this even fucking
worth it like it's taking so much extra
time and I was like you know what
yeah because Allah prank my boyfriend
and it's hard to do it without fog first
thing I think I'm going to do is move
this couch to the best of my ability
slightly somewhere else now we have all
of this dance floor to dance around now
all sweaty which is occupy prom and
there's also a couch in my kitchen but
you know what it's going to be worth it
because I will do anything to romance
prank my boyfriend I also am
particularly excited about this girl
it's not a problem unless I have a
teacup drop all right so I'm doing like
light and big stuff first and then I'm
going to do like smaller decorations
second but I just plugged in my first
thing that I bought and first of all I
didn't realize it was like a rotating
set of balls it's really not that
impressive
I'm a little disappointed but it's going
to be alright it's just a it's a very
sexual prom what the fuck is that so I
got a strobe light up there this fog
machine came with no instructions
whatsoever so I had to look up a YouTube
tutorial because that's how I learned
how to do everything
so far it's not working there's gonna be
a big bummer considering a wasted hours
driving around trying to find solution
whoo oh hell yeah
Oh what is that no you're writing ground
Oh God hmm what the fuck is that
Oh help me right so the fog machine is a
piece of shit luckily this bubble
machine has more than paid for itself
and fun oh good
hell yeah always to me I'm talking mess
well it's worth it happy prom Julian
fuckin God yeah
so the rooms looking pretty good but
it's not nearly finished and I just
realized that Julian texted me like a
little bit ago it said almost done
haha oh my god I don't know what to do
I'm like not almost done I gotta get my
act in high gear the bubble machines
thing in the floor really slippery sort
of counteract that I'm going to put
confetti on the ground so Julian's gonna
be pissed but that's okay Oh God
oh my god it's whole magical look at how
magical this is going to be a disaster
to clean up that's ok
I need to switch back and forth between
cameras because that one battery is
dying can't release it and I well this
place sucks but here's my dress is
actually a dress on top of the dress
because I like these please this dress I
think the black one no joke actually
fucking smells like shit like it smells
so bad I got my tiara and also evolved
and some hair extensions and like some
cool star earrings because I just felt
like that was very prompt and expect him
home as soon he said 5 p.m. and it is
not 5 p.m. I'm freaking out me a real
nice song for us to dance to the prom
watching him on fine friends told me a
guy breaking out you darling I'm not
gonna cry surprises I fell down I can't
wait to fucking got you good I wish it
was a little darker than that's more
like prom this is OK build-it probably
be hearing a lot of gear any calls good
what is going on
what are you what are you wearing you're
in I already have one camera because you
took all of the SD card in my tripod wow
so good you ready to go to prom calling
you our summer pronto oh it in this is
in the Sun yeah we're going us what your
door so dogs will get out here he comes
these are for you look amazing yeah
we're going to prom do you want to wear
the tiara my guys ready
go ahead after you I got a fog machine
very careful look is it a night of your
German prom we're going to Prague like
it
all right come over here would you like
oh this person falls sure I'm certain
certification is confetti everywhere
help yourself or some pipes water my
water in vodka is red and tasting it
wrong yeah like me I'd like you like one
like legitimately no together
how are you guys are you wearing
are you a Russian wrong we're just
really like do you like my interesting
because he liked my powers
yeah you like it like your new jacket
actually jolly good pretty nice yeah
things actually kind of amazingly
decorated this is the best problem or
venti by far happy bra
Richard spiritual of it I serve it in
this like a baby beer
no try with you
will you go to prom with him will you go
to prom with me
there's no time we please both of you
I'm starting to go thank you thank you
I want to stop
I
come on Milo I dare
is where we die these are true oh we all
do you are sure maybe
oh yeah while while thought when I win
you while I get wild dog leg is on the
web because I wanna be forever young
now if y'all want it hey I know your
roster if there is only shoot is the
widow
yeah I'm gonna love you forever this is
all the mesquita year 2000 my time
together is there so much for you to do
shut up I wanna put your bad days a week
Christ
and in a fire girl's body of why I got
that all why do you wind up doggies are
the son of our has a fine and hard to
tell you of cries apart take people
world in circles is very good okay we
usually one
I felt with
take the body don't we don't get now
online popular ideas lady
little man how come full compliment I
before about and all you father's leave
God's plan because if the bed and dark
music of this jumping jumping all yeah
boy yeah it's the great
yeah we won't get up you know I
definitely talk to the end of the road
yeah they love you like you love me oh
shit
be like like like the yeah assistance
assistance assistance our lane
you are my man
never
I've got
later a big suitcase all rolled on me
ooh the Morgan you say dirty yes now
they're two walls every will my hands
move on gin bottle babies that will heal
our way again from cleaning bottle baby
for so long you might wish though you
get E Getti is waiting man he's rain
amen
Oh
