we're in a bud swivel
you
so that was probably the meanest video
I've ever made ray don't act like you
don't with your dogs you know you
do yeah you guys say we didn't like that
but at least we smell like papayas now
that we had a back is you had a very
taxing day of being absolutely tortured
let's be watching at the present moment
I'm gonna be in Ireland on Monday the
25th of February 2013 and if you're
watching this in the future I won't be
there but if you're watching it now I'll
get excited because I'm gonna come and
get weird all over you so look out for
that rose did you violate curving today
that was really messed up but I captured
it on tape and now this video is poured
thank sure you subscribe to my channel
because I make videos every Wednesday
and then figure it out from there that's
dicks instead dick sandwich boner salad
pastry apples
