oh my god so much caffeine so last week
I made we've drunk name is this week I
want to talk about better names for
animals because I'm highly caffeinated
and it seemed like a good idea when I
started it you ever hang out little kids
or like when you're a little kid and you
don't know the word for something so you
just use the words that you know to try
and describe something like you know a
kid call a car a rolling house or
something hilarious but they don't
realize it's hilarious
well I wanted to make up some better
names for animals because whoever named
animals get piss-poor job in my opinion
could have done better
and since I'm forever five years old in
the brain this is what I think about in
my spare time so without further ado
here are some better names for animals
bees are bumble out cheese sanity's are
overweight seals or sea shits peacocks
are flamboyant chickens cats are furry
terrorists and hairless cats are tiny
Voldemort's kangaroos are tippy pouches
rhinos are horny hippo or hippos with
nose boners octopi are sucky armed
underwater alien heads pugs are a
squished up pile of dirty khaki pants
elephants are giant upside-down penis
faces penguins are fat formal duck's say
breast or Jersey short donkeys reindeer
coat Harrods monkeys are hairy ass
toddlers hipsters are greedy mice these
things are polar bears are racist
there's also known as naughty bears or
Hitler bears Reese's mother beluga
whales are shaped like a crooked dick
fish lions are Fabio kitties stingrays
are happy pancakes sea horses are chubby
asses grizzly bears aren't those things
everyone is looking for national parks
sloths are tree pedophiles look at that
creepy ass fucking face snakes are
moving stick exciting macaroons are
hairy Hamburglar squirrels are selfish
ostriches are noodle neck velociraptors
rabbits are dumpy don't bite me beavers
are fuck your tree rats horses are giant
dogs and foxes are sexy dogs chickens
are
and dinosaurs are fucking dead I mean
call me crazy but those names are a lot
better I mean don't even act like if you
took a kid to the zoo and they were like
daddy daddy I want to see the tree
pedophiles that you wouldn't laugh
because you know you would shits
ridiculous yes and make sure you
subscribe to our Channel and put on a
video every Wednesday
oh isn't that right Mexican Kitty and
pony kitty guys it's not that serious
all right making each other tired and
shit you have like you fucking do shit
all day
alright see you next week bye spider-man
spider-man leave you my Valentine pigs
dick Maui
