where my smiley that's a different smile
than it was before it's a whole new
smile he's such a talented smiling
resolve where's our any of this I want
to clarify something I feel like you
guys think I drink a lot more than I do
I drink on the weekends like a regular
human I like tweet something on like a
Monday morning I like 9:00 a.m. it's
like a little Gina's drunk right now
look fuck you second of all I just want
to say as a disclaimer drinking does not
excuse you from making bad choices it's
always your fault this is just a funny
way to blame some harmless things that
you do when you're drinking on yourself
please don't take this video the wrong
way and drink responsibly I wanted to
share with you something that my friends
and I used to do in college I'm pretty
sure we didn't invent this so for those
of you that are old enough to drink or
have gotten drunk you know that you do
things sometimes that you wouldn't
usually do and what do people like to do
when they do something they wouldn't
usually do blink someone else well I'm
gonna give you a way to blame someone
else so then that fulfills your need to
blame someone else while also blaming
yourself and that's just to name your
drunk self so say you text your
ex-boyfriend a bunch of times or you pee
on somebody's PlayStation it's not your
fault it was you're drunk person's fault
and you know who that person is you
switch the letters of your first and
last name
that's your drunk cell for example
manage our bowls made a bunch of drunk
videos that I have nothing to do with so
if you like them maybe you didn't like
them but
then I had a great time sometimes with
fouls it gets tricky so you might have
to drop some letters or keep some
letters and if your first name and your
last name start with the same letter
then you're already too cool to play
this game so you're not invited to the
party
sorry many jewelry has made some really
bad decisions in the past for example
men√≠s stepped on Jenna's air strainer
and then started crying about it one
night and told her friends that Jenna's
gonna be so mad at her and then men a
duct taped it back together hoping she
would notice then have slept on stairs
under desks hey Jory decided was a great
idea to pitch a tent on the roof one
night to go camping and Jory slap
someone outside of the McDonald's men is
made out with people that Jenna
certainly never wanted to make out with
you see what that does now you can blame
someone but also at the same time
somehow blame yourself
it's like backwards taking
responsibility so if you're really drunk
some night and you end up giving someone
your phone number in the next morning
you wake up and you have no idea where
that person is oh sorry
Jenna didn't give you her phone number
men it did man and we'll get back to you
as soon as possible I literally have no
idea who you are then it was the one
that ate all those Doritos Jenna wasn't
the one that locks you in beer pong man
oh whoops man it doesn't have good
balance I even got a breathalyzer not
even for any like legit purposes just to
know when you're turning into meta and
now I want to leave you some people have
some epic drunk aims that I would love
to hang out with drunk for the sole
purpose of telling them their drug game
no drunk they're high in rigor J William
Bronson just each is Eric Saylor twit
Nicolas nage bustin G bird
runo Bart Sydney beers Lindsay Lohan so
fucked up this is her name all the time
parasailing Marly Hornstein Michelle man
Barisan horn at maming Jared Gator till
by the guy inside doop snog lean quit
Eva and Keon say Bulls yeah so next time
you
drunk man is still your fault if you
throw up some Chipotle all over your
carpet but at least it'll make you feel
better
to blame someone else for the time being
marbles what's your drug thing I guess
you even Kermit can switch names so yogi
Carville's and he'll be Merman carpals
and we're make it and hammered say make
sure you subscribe to our channel we
make the videos every Wednesday
spider-man you can be my tur spin when
you get a camera how come you guys leave
a dick honestly your dick it's not there
or is it next week I love you grapples
environment sitting in a trainee or I am
a ing and then sucking each other's
dicks getting each other's mouths
pregnant oh my god
