ever since Obama has been reelected
president this whole country has gone to
shit let me show you what I mean and how
bad it is perfume smells like dick
thanks Obama
my dog took a giant shit on the carpet
thanks Obama
thanks Obama there's too much trash here
and I only have two hands thanks Obama
just got my period again thanks Obama
this book sucks thanks Obama porno isn't
even any good thanks a lot SPF 30 that's
racist I need at least SPF 50 thanks
Obama
what the fuck is in my sink thanks Obama
no Patriots in the Super Bowl thanks
Obama
time travel still not an option thanks
Obama
the sandwich tastes exactly the same as
the inside my asshole thanks Obama
Donald's Valentine's Day thanks Obama
thanks Obama
nobody even liked my facebook status
thanks Obama
condom broke again thanks Obama my kid
punched another kid in the face at
school today thanks Obama you know what
I'm probably gonna die someday thanks
Obama
Hunger Games more like fakes Obama my
boyfriend keeps trying to put his dick
in my butt thanks Obama
rap music thanks Obama
thanks Obama Justin Bieber's still not
following me on Twitter thanks Obama
God arms are so sore thanks Michelle
Obama big so follow thanks Obama
this message was brought to you by the
Teletubbies oh yes this video was
inspired by the things Obama gifts cuz
they're fucking hilarious so everyone
can just calm down because it's a joke
oh I really said make sure you subscribe
to our channel i put on reviews every
wednesday while we make new videos every
wednesday we put them out as soon as we
can such a failure my dog's penis looks
like a girl's vagina thanks obama we try
to do the full of its lucidly time what
the fuck am i doing okay bye bye thanks
or not what does it happen to me
