hey friendship do you ever wonder what a
girl's hair means well that makes one of
us because I already know everything why
does your hair look like that feel like
it should say something about you what
is it mean well I'm here to tell you
what a girl's hair means so that you can
pass even faster judgement on her or
maybe you're a girl and you have no idea
what the fuck your hair says about you
so I'm just gonna let you now straight
up let's start with hair color having
brown hair means you probably a nice
person having red hair means you should
probably be my friend now because I'm
going to be extinct in a hundred years
having blonde hair means that I'm gonna
suck your dick I probably have a really
caring personality and if you have some
non human color anywhere that means I'm
gonna suck your dick I'm such a creative
free spirit that covers everyone now
let's move on to hair styles baring your
hair straight down like this means I'm
trying to impress you but now my hair is
curled it means I'm really trying to
impress you cut me like 20 extra minutes
and I burned myself twice if it's all
teased up like this in the back that
means time don't have any pubes having
your hair and blood mean my hair is
really dirty and will be can't tell or
while my way to practice layups having
your hair and a little ponytail means
not my way to the library and sometimes
that they have bought having sex with
girls if my hair did look like this so
now it looks like this that means I just
broke up with my boyfriend hair like
this means I have children and you
better get your fucking cleats and get
in the van
one two full-blown side ponytail means
that I actually listen to and genuinely
enjoy lil mamas music kiss miss mclarson
side braid means I'm really lazy and
just can't figure it out probably having
that time really like eat lots of
chocolate get really sad about
everything carry a high ponytail means
that I'm wearing it like this because my
face looks really fucked up if you can't
see my hair from the front like this
regular ponytail if your hair isn't a
regular ponytail
that means you have a not fucked up face
fuck you people if a girl's hair is up
like hi is giraffe pussy like this that
means you don't even want to know the
last time I washed my hair though keep
going having half of my head shaved
means well 806 hello 806 hey everyone I
love you know sex I'm not doing pigtails
me yep nothing you sicko
kidding hey the bars and love the ride
wearing a headband means sometimes when
i hook up with people i can't wait for
it to be over really high button means
one of four things
I mean hey more drunk 50 years old on my
way to class going to bed for fucking
idiot then I shave my head that means
I'm just being Miley a sock bun means I
think this looks good but not even I
know for sure slicked back hair means
I'm crazy that begs means that a weird
time in my life right now a topknot
means I don't eat food like ever if it
against mohawk this were a real mohawk
me say you brought drugs a new skirt
does your hair look the same all the
time yeah you wicked matrix
alrighty make sure you subscribe to our
Channel but I know videos every
Wednesday yeah you're like a little
dude's look at your rap that was born
today yeah not these long legs I don't
know what to do with that goodbye
everyone
like I give a fuck Kermit says fuck
