I got the order on my pants cuz I went
like this with my arm
all right so about eight months ago I
think I made a video called what hip hop
taught me and it was one of my favorite
videos because I genuinely love hip hop
music and rap and R&B and all that of
you that like to get technical in the
comments like the fuck down I've been
dying to make another one because new
songs come out and I think of these
things as they sort of come along and
that's what I want to do this week I
wanted to make part two of what hip-hop
music taught me I just feel like my life
has been made forever better by rappers
and people that make music about things
that I wouldn't have otherwise know so
without further ado here is what hip-hop
taught me part two johnhart taught me
that if you don't know whose booty it is
just keep asking who booty is that who
booty is it and if you don't get a
response I'm gonna smack it so the
lesson here is if you don't want you get
your booty smacked make sure you
identify your booty 2 Chainz taught me
why would you wear one necklace when you
could wear two necklaces forget about
that life take off one accessory before
you leave the house because the only
thing better than one chains two chains
three chains is overkill Juicy J taught
me that bands that make a dance don't
blame you the good time it make a dance
it made me dance
is there something supposed to be in
these whatever they make you dance
Kendrick Lamar taught me that I was
getting a little concerned that maybe I
got a little too crazy on the weekends
sometimes getting drunk but then I'm
actually a pussy and have nothing to
worry about
sit down drink stand up drink pass out
drink wake up drink you go hard why am i
over here babysitting two or three shots
well because when I pick those might as
well say see you tomorrow because I'm
gonna be blackout drunk so Thank You
Kendrick Lamar for reassuring me but I
know in fact I'm not an alcoholic up
maybe you are kanye taught me that
thirsty is apparently sort of a mild
insult lamborghini mercy your chick
sheets
thirsty I mean what other type of body
function is an insult Lamborghini mercy
your chick she's so hungry labor Guinea
mercy your chick has a headache
Lamborghini mercy your chick has to go
to the bathroom Lamborghini mercy your
chick has a cramp in her leg Lamborghini
mercy your chick just burped oh it's a
deeper I mean thank you Kanye for giving
me a new way to insult someone rihanna
and eminem taught me that if someone
lies to you ah that sucks but it's okay
if they do it in a way that you love you
know maybe they're hating you a balloon
or something while they're like I didn't
cheat on you you'd feel like oh I love
the way you lie Chris Brown and new boys
taught me that I look better with the
lights off I know is this what you want
this is better isn't it I know I really
want to look at me either Young Money
and Lloyd said they can make my bed rock
yet another challenge accepted haha my
beds on the floor figure that out Akon
taught me that if you're grappling how
to compliment a girl it's totally fine
to just blurt out there's a sexy bitch
as long as beforehand you let her know
that you're trying to find the words to
describe her without being disrespectful
so they like cancel each other out
you know Cameron taught me the
importance of speaking your mind being
very forward in order to get a straight
answer when he says a marble wanna know
baby girl you gonna suck it or not I
mean let's just get straight to the
point here right what are you gonna say
to that are you are you going to suck it
or not Thank You Cameron because
sometimes I feel like I asked very
forward questions and people get
uncomfortable but you just reminded me
you know sometimes you just need to know
are you gonna suck it or not it's that
simple
we're gonna beat around the bush with
you yeah shell reminded me to consider
the prices of mic purchases and if
they're really worth it and he says I
got a condo on my wrist girl got a condo
on my neck girl and then you know you
think about it oh yeah
maybe those were worth that much money
because now I'd have two condos and then
maybe like where I currently live that's
like three places so maybe I don't want
to buy those things Nicki Minaj taught
me that if someone sells coke it's not
really a deal breaker because he's also
cold and dope and he's got that super
bass so I mean this opens a whole new
door for me in terms of dating because
that might have been something in the
past I'd consider a deal breaker but if
he's got that Super Bass story if he
might sell coke Sultan Peppa taught me
that if you so crazy I think I want to
have your baby I don't so many crazy
guys looks like I'm getting pregnant so
jennamarbles going to someone's baby
mama
that's scary Howcast taught me that if
things are getting rowdy AHA hush that
fuss everybody move to the back of the
bus
so everyone moves oh now we're better
look at this isn't better we're in the
back of the bus
we hush that fucks jay-z taught me that
feeding someone is a level of intimacy
that you would only go to if you want to
give your heart to a woman you can take
them out the hood keep them looking good
but you do not fucking feed them no not
feed you that means that if someone's
ever fed you that they really like you
and care about you and love that I said
lots of people feed me you like me huh
shucks
Young Money also taught me that they
want to fuck every girl in the world
every girl I have a vagina I'm a girl
that I'm in that category whenever
you're feeling sad and doubted by
yourself know no one likes me no one
wants to fuck yes Young Money does they
can't wake her shoulder boop Nicki Minaj
taught me the importance of repetition
if someone's not getting what you're
saying keep saying it you was stupid
home you were he was stupid ho you were
stupid ho you were stupid ho you stupid
ho you was stupid ho eventually you're
gonna get my point
pity Pablo taught me the importance of
being open and honest with your sexual
partners he wants a girl that love to
get her pussy licked by another bitch
because I ain't drunk enough to do that
shit I mean how empowering is that you
can draw lines in the bedroom say I'm
not drunk enough for this I'm not
and another bitch can do that for you
thanks Petey Pablo taiga taught me that
making it nasty is a good thing and I'm
really glad that I found this out
because if I was hooking up with someone
and they said Jenna make it nasty uh I
might start doing some other things glad
I figured it out and lastly mm taught me
that if you have a space in a song that
you don't know what to do and just go
chart-topper right you say make sure you
subscribe to our channels but anything
is every Wednesday except sometimes it
turns into Thursday when they finally
get uploaded I'm only one person
fan to make a dance this is amazing I do
not like that you need to get your nails
trim time look at that it's like a bird
talent or I don't want to hurt so much
when you try to get into my shirt creep
you just ask politely ever think of that
well talking men voices were men yeah
except for me I don't have a dick well
maybe I do not like you all right see
you later bye
