raaah are you doing today buddy good
you're always good do you want some
bacon I know how to please immense weird
honestly today might be one of the most
pointless videos ever made I know this
okay but I don't fucking care because oh
my brain works when I get something in
my head I can't stop thinking about it
this is just my personality like if I
like a song I will listen to it a
billion times in a row I get excited
about something and they just can't stop
thinking about it and this happens a lot
with like phrases or something that I
say a couple months ago I couldn't stop
saying show me your dick like to anyone
Merry Christmas mom show me your dick
hey nice to meet you I've just shown
your dick yeah I got a rebel vaca show
me your dick and I don't really mean
show me your dick I just like got the
phrase in my head and then just couldn't
stop saying it and it got really weird
and inappropriate I think he made it
into a couple videos like I just could
not stop saying it and I've been saying
something recently that has been very
effective it's actually been helping me
in my life and the people around me for
being absolute fucking idiots
and this is not a new phrase it's not
something I made up I just started
saying it and I can't stop so I want to
tell you what I've been saying and I
want to tell you who I've been saying it
to so that you can do the same thing and
just feel a lot better about other
people's actions that you can't control
till the phrase that I've been saying is
pipe the fuck down and usually it
applies to like you know if you're
telling someone to be quiet
pipe down but for the most part I like
to use it in ways where the person is
doing something and when you say pipe
the fuck down then they get scared and
confused
I could literally make a hundred videos
of pipe the fuck down I could literally
make a hundred videos of things that
strangers do that piss me off to no end
this isn't gonna be like your typical
things like you know talking really loud
on your Bluetooth and stuff like that
these things are even smaller than that
that have happened and I've been
laughing about them for the last couple
days so I can't stop thinking about that
so without further ado here are some
people that need to
the fuck down first of all let me just
explain something to you whenever I go
out in public
all of a sudden turn into Casper the
Friendly Ghost that doesn't give a dick
if you just like fucking walk all of it
I am forever in the way I am a conscious
person I don't space out when I'm out in
the world I'm very aware of where I am
where other people are and I'm never
purposely in anyone's way ever but for
some reason people just like running to
me and like act like I don't exist
and it pisses me off to know it first
example say you're at the grocery store
or something you're like looking at a
shelf of things and all of a sudden
someone's fucking ghost hand comes in
and grabs something in front of your
face they don't even say excuse me they
just fucking just come in grab their
shit next time someone does that to you
you know what you do it's soap just
being like excuse you just turn around
go back the fuck down and then don't say
anything after that because I'm sorry
when a relatively normal person just
turns around and says something crazy
like that to you what would you do
they don't really fucking weird at least
you'll make them feel as weird as they
made you feel thank the fuck down with
that what does that mean I know when
you're in like a retail store when
you're like trying to buy clothes and
you're just like looking through the
rack and someone just fucking stays
right next to you and gets all into the
lik rack that you're in just stand there
compose yourself for a second and say
hey very sweet cheeks I see your hints
you know what you can do is drag the
fuck down like tell me if you saw me in
the store if you did that to me and then
I gave you these crazy eyes and said
like the fuck down that you wouldn't get
terrified problem solved
that'll teach you not to reach over
people in stores you say excuse me
another example of how I'm forever in
people's way have you ever been cut off
getting onto an escalator tell me why
this seems like a good plan in your mind
because guess where you're cutting me
off to go on some stairs there's nowhere
for you to go and I'm going to be
directly behind you the next time
someone cuts you off to get onto an
escalator just walk to the stair right
behind that bit in their ear and say
fuck down you made me feel really weird
and awkward by cutting me off to get
onto an escalator so I'm going to give
you the creepiest thing that's gonna
happen to you all that pipe
the fuck down like fuck you fuck you we
are getting on some moving stairs you
can pipe the fuck down with that shit
the next type of person that can pipe
the fuck down have you ever been to like
Chipotle or subway or something where
where there's like a glass separating
someone making your food that you order
a person in that restaurant that needs
to pipe the fuck down it's the one that
uses the whole arm to point over the
glass I want this and this and some of
that pipe the fuck down there is a
barrier here for a reason you don't know
how to respect barriers you can pipe the
fuck down with that you ever seen a
grown adult just like banging on the
glass at a zoo that's a barrier I the
fuck down with that another person that
can pipe the fuck down lame is and stuff
came out in the movie theaters never
been to a musical like a movie or even a
play and there are people in the
audience singing the songs last time
that I checked I was here to eat my
popcorn be entertained and watch then
sit not you if I wanted to hear you sing
I would show up at your shower everyday
and just sit there and link next time
you sing in a movie theater just gonna
stuff my face full of popcorn it kind of
fuck out the next people that can put
the fuck down are those people that work
in the little kiosks at the mall I
understand your job is to be relentless
and bother people but the worst thing
that they do is when you're walking by
and they go scuse me miss can I just ask
you a question to which my response as
always you just did
pipe the fuck down you're not allowed to
ask me a question saying can I ask you a
question question ception
needs to pipe the fuck down pretty sure
you could do that job of a little more
pizzazz and flair then can I ask you a
question like the fuck down last person
who needs to pack this lock down that
one wobbles tight the fuck down Wow no
easy obviously there are million
examples of people that need to pipe the
fuck down but these are like literally
things that happened in the last couple
days it has been helping me because
people don't know how to react to pipe
the fuck down I just want you to feel
like you're my friend I'm trying to
include you if you're my friend in real
life you know this is what we would be
talking about we'd be laughing about
people that need to pipe the fucked out
so thanks for being my internet friend
and letting me get that off of my chest
yeah mobile so make sure you subscribe
to our channel put on the booze every
Wednesday you're like the worst watchdog
ever because everything is an emergency
huh type of fuckin right mob will say
see you next week like the fuck do I
