Hey Girl hey hey hey so I was what wait
I don't know if you guys knew this video
and I am NOT filly them this is not a
sponsored video if nothing to do with
this it's called killer karaoke and we
were like in tears laughing at this
video people try to sing songs and
steve-o makes them do awful horrible
things while they're singing the woman
the lady is hysterical it's just
touching the teddy bear what is it but
the one we were like in tears last thing
about was this guy carrying a try
pretending to wait a table on steve-o
and he keeps getting shocked always
singing so these are little guns we sell
them in the store they're lighters but
the back part is a lighter if you pull
the trigger it zaps the fuck out of you
so we've sort of been like joking with
people because we live around the house
and people always zap themselves so we
were like you know what we should do is
that killer karaoke thing and we're
going to have one finger on the trigger
and we're going to have the other person
sort of pull it for you so that you get
zapped while you're singing they're not
like little Zach pulling little legs
it's like pretty painful like you do it
one time and never do it again and now
for some reason we've decided to subject
ourselves to this so that you can maybe
laugh a little bit because I like to
make you feel better
thanks well why don't I go first just be
really nice to me please okay this is
Baby by Justin Bieber we really heard
that bad that's why you know you love me
you know I care just shout whenever ah
fucking godly there you are my love you
are my heart and we will never never
be apart are we an item girl quit
playing wishes friends what are you
saying said there's another look right
in my eyes my first love broke my heart
for the first time and I was like baby
Irish you gotta stop that fucking hurt
it does that bad alright good stuff you
ready are you ready yeah I do it one
time I'll like it I want to do it again
wants me Tommy okay you ready ah I'm
reading uh what makes you beautiful by
one direction I really don't want to get
that I'm like sweating so cook come up
you got it wrong to prove I'm better why
you're being shy and turn away uh in the
room can see anyone else but you baby
you light up my world like nobody comes
we did you the way you smell Ithaca it
started Ali don't know it's a bet do you
ever feel like a plastic bag
ah just Oh own the night like the 4th of
July I like big butts again
I love us yet did not anyway said about
it in your face you get throw a bucket
to know that puzzle stuff deeply Jean
she's wearing up there oh baby you want
to get which picture my dad given that
but you got a nice new top Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
then one foggy Christmas Eve santa came
to say I'm sorry
can't afford Ferrari that Jimena can't
get you there then how the reindeer
loved him
hmm I said look you need to crawl for
you ball come on baby in the bathroom
stop balls are the shit cray nej what
you order fish fillet who should go grab
your hand
fuck that bitch's she won't dance they
with goose my marble got my marbles and
pears and then going gorillas ha ha
I didn't know that means no one knows
but it's provocative guess the people
going alright now we're both gonna same
time I wonder was she
the world so high like a diamond in the
sky I felt that I'm over I show overall
what we learn today this game sucks cam
is fuckin bullshit quasi electrocuted
your loved ones that's that's the that's
the way to go laughter hello well now
you have a new activity to do with your
friends um when you're hanging out with
them make them sing a song while you
hurt them yeah make sure you subscribe
to my chill put on videos every
Wednesday wait goodbye so see you next
week if you didn't laugh about that I'm
gonna be really angry because it felt so
weird and for those of you that like Max
Max does have his own channel max no
sleeves
and for those of you that don't like max
fuck you next is cool
