okay time for bed oh my daddy stuffs I
love monsters okay no monsters maybe I
should put my hair down oh this is way
worse feel like I'm being strangled how
about a braid shittiest braid ever I
leave the office on time use the oven
should set my alarm
maybe I'll wake up early and work out I
should set a regular alarm and a little
arm for when I'm actually gonna wake up
and sleepy time so cold
Oh hot stop licking okay I'm gonna count
to 100 then I'll be asleep 1 2 3 boots
yeah you're all bad but have to go to
sleep I can't get comfortable we built a
fort okay go to sleep let's go to the
beach you good pictures of me Oh to go a
song stuck in my head I need a snack
and you need a snack then you need a
snack are you scared in my face so
thirsty what the fagina czar weird
have faked an all over my sheets ok 1 2
3 sleep no I'm saving somebody cool wish
I had someone to make out with new new
new who as you loved me falling of not
falling
nippy so itchy species fight to focus
that you're one of those dogs that can
see ghosts right you'll protect me I
have to pee oh if aliens get me I hope I
don't get nightmares about the human
centipede no I mean I'm a nightmare
about the human centipede I got an idea
how I could fall asleep Charles Dickens
it was the best of times it was the
worst of tech hey Korea how you fall
asleep no for those of you that I've
never met Kermit grandma might be the
most FOMO puppy ever
if someone is doing anything including
me marbles max anyone Kermit has to be
right there hey I dunno what I miss that
about anything
yes exactly
happy Thanksgiving to everyone and we
love you we'll see you next week and
make sure you subscribe to our channel
cuz you put on new views every Wednesday
except sometimes it comes out on
Thursday hmm we're failure you should
tweet me some pictures of your turkeys
and Families your dog's doing cool
things because that's what I'm gonna be
tweeting so let's be friends say see you
next week happy Thanksgiving bye that's
a very cute wave
