are you freezing cold all the time
regular blankets can be complicated and
restrict the use of your hand you need
the super magic Blake is super magic
blanket is ultra soft because it's made
out of 100% illegal baby koala fur made
completely in China it is big plush hood
to keep your face wonk as you're out the
super magic blanket is so natural
looking people won't even be able to
tell that you're wearing where you are
the magic doesn't stop there what are
you fucking stupid idiot each blanket
comes with it's very own snuggle puppy
to keep you snuggly well sometimes they
escape during the shipping process hope
he's not guaranteed but these super
magic blanket is cured with bacon for
six years so you can attract your own
snuggle pup dogs love it
make sure you feed your snuggle popping
or else it'll feed itself those little
asshole look out
they bite too tired to get up and go to
the kitchen to feed your gluttonous
mouth hole now Bravo
super magically goes utility pocket full
of snack like soup and beer Vaness salt
and pepper shakers inside the honorable
turns all while giving you total limo
billing for you late a whole blanket
fiber you gotta go super magic play
guitar chairman wasted the blue cheese
the mints you're still not warming up
super magical egg it plugs it to the
wash you can be without actually being
on fire dehydrated think again it'll 10
gallons of water are bakui it as tall
it's chicken feeling loneliness fifty
extra dollars I've come with this thing
to have sex with you if there's 25 extra
dollars it'll come with $20 in cash in
the pack shit scared getting pasty white
this winter super magic plugin is a
tanning bed inside of it awesome and the
super magic link it comes in six great
colors brown coffee poop diarrhea
skidmark and doodoo bud don't wait order
your super magic plague it's D hi yeah
hi 500 I get a rush delivery on that
please yeah thanks cool
bitch fist uh yeah feeling kind of sick
and cold the other night and I just
decided that that needed to exist so I
invented it and if anyone wants to
manufacture it and sell it to me that
would be fucking super thanks I have the
sniffles and I'm really cold that I
don't feel younger yes a make sure you
subscribe to our Channel put interviews
every Wednesday - my name is Kermit and
I am your blanket dog and I will eat
your food if you don't feed it to me
yeah you say that was my favorite part
of the video and I get to eat a Ritz
cracker you say see you next week bye
mmm
