oh it's a scary wormy cool first of all
happy
aleem this week I really wanted to make
a Halloween video because it's probably
one of my favorite holidays if not my
favorite ever because I like to dress up
and have fun vini candy and get room
I've been making my costumes for a
really long time now I was Britney
Spears Britney Spears Britney Spears
Britney Spears and yeah cat last year
here I really wanted to be something
awesome I decided that it was gonna be
half-naked and it talked about that last
year I mean video called sluts on
Halloween if you need to break yourself
on that if I'm not gonna be half-naked I
decided that I need to be like really
awesome so this year I somehow got the
idea in my head that I just wanted to
light up like lights everywhere
I asked max what he wants me for
Halloween I told him he had until last
Wednesday night to tell me if he wanted
me to also make him something we tossed
her out some ideas so you were almost
North and South Korea which would have
been cool but we decided on an
incredibly ambitious idea that we were
going to be she has Michael Michaels and
Jimmy MacElroy from blades of glory but
not the like flames and fire and ice
whatever then everyone always does the
end part when they're like light up and
look like robots and just fucking crush
it give you a time frame of how this
happened we got all the materials on
Thursday morning through day and I
started sewing at 7 p.m. Thursday night
and finished before 5 p.m. on Saturday
so total time to do not one of these
costumes but two of these costumes was
48 hours I did take a couple of clips of
while we were actually making the
costumes but then we just stopped
because I was literally sewing my face
off I didn't go to sleep on Thursday
night it took like a three hour nap the
next morning and then just sewed
straight through Saturday and mind you I
don't really know how to suck I have a
sewing machine I don't think anyone ever
be actually talking about her so I still
don't know how to so I just refuse to
fail I just get some fabric I act like I
know what I'm doing and it just fucking
shell imma show you couple clips that
from when we were making the costumes
and then I'll show you everything that
we did they went to a bunch of stores we
got a bunch of fabric we got foam we got
crazy stuff it is Thursday night at like
2:00 in the morning kind of tired but
kind of left it to the last minute so
fuck max is working on the drawing we
tried really hard but we couldn't find
any fabric that looked like there so we
got sort of a white color a stretchy
spandex II and we're gonna attempt to
draw a pattern on them so that's Max's
job I already sewed him a bodysuit I'm
just have to put the sleeves on thanks
max no sleeves and I am just about to
start sewing my bodysuit we got all
these tutus from the Halloween store
because they had these lights in them
with little on-off switches they define
it so we're actually going to attempt to
sew the lights into the costume cut them
out of the tutus that now I guess karma
and marbles are going to be rainbow
tutus for Halloween so in the movie they
have these really cool belt buckles that
like light up and I got the idea I
believe his name is Marc Roper or
something like that YouTube channels
names 1 million dollars but to use like
an iPhone and we're going to make like a
little pouch in the belt and then you
know play a cool app or something on
there with jazzy things happening and
those are going to be our belt buckles
so hopefully that works but there's all
these like little pieces and bats and
crazy stuff that we have to sell so I
mean to have a bitch
don't ask me to do it again because I
don't know how I did it have to be
offensive or anything but I was saying
if we didn't have a fabric that looked
like this we were just gonna look like
gay astronauts max was in charge of all
the decorating because Max is not so so
I had to do all the sewing when Max got
to do all the cold decorating but I
guess the grass is always greener on the
other side because he's that he's pretty
fucking tired of decorating after two
straight days max individually polute on
all the rhinestones half of what you see
is rhinestones and half of what you see
is the lights that we actually sewed
into the bodysuits there's about 50 in
Max's and 50 in mine 100 total lights
the max did almost all of this himself
I'll just open it so you can see what we
did after we made the bodysuits and drew
on him is that max took all these lights
and individually took an exacto knife
and cut a little hole for them to poke
through the fabric like that then we
just put a little panel over them so
that they'd stay and then we let all of
the little controllers out so that we
can turn them on but you have to turn
them all on before you put the suit on
because it's pretty tight and then it
feels weird I made four boot covers so
it looked like we had ice gates on as
you can see I didn't really finish
anything and this fabric is a stupid
bitch because all it does is shed
everywhere and Kermit keeps trying to
eat it I debated trying to make some ice
skates or something but we're gonna be
drunk and we would probably just end up
getting hurt
so I decided it's a bad idea that I made
two of these callers which suck because
this was really hard to sew this fabric
was like trying to sew tinfoil that
hates you and it's curved I was sewing
around foam it just wasn't having it I
was trying to do it as fast as possible
so it's our candle like shape but it got
the point across okay I would say this
was the hardest part of the costume the
sucked I don't recommend this
I have fake ones and just color it and
then I mean two of these belts which as
you can see I did not finish we ran out
of time we just decided that we were
going to safety pin them on to our
costumes in the back I had to like cut
and pin and sew all this stupid fabric
on this thing it was a bitch and then
these are our arm covers duct-taped the
lights to the foam and then put the
fabric over it cut the lights out and
sew it together and so when you turn it
on looks like this oh my god are you
getting excited to see the costume yet
yes we're gonna put on the costumes so
you can see Genest how awesome they came
up this is our costume max how do you
feel feel like magic everybody came up
to us I was like how did where did you
get these what is your 5 48 hours if you
can dream it you can do it
it's nice takes place we didn't have any
fireworks in ours
that was the only downside what jazz on
boots yeah I'm gonna turn the lights off
so you can see how cool it let's get it
it's an incident anything
I'm sorry but if you don't like this
video then all you prove to yourself is
that you don't appreciate awesome make
sure you subscribe to our channel put on
new videos in with it Marvel are you
gonna be in this video or what are you
doing happy Halloween be safe eat some
candy watch some scary movies and don't
let the ghosts zombies get you and don't
eat any candy with razor blades on them
cuz your mom will be very mad at you for
like five minutes and then she'll take
you to the hospital that's not a funny
joke alright we'll see you next week
cookie Mike
