yeah I moved a few didn't beer-pong
lifetime I bench like 550 pounds easy
I've never been tanning no you don't
look fat at all how do you think they
call them love handles everybody loves
them too I've hooked up with like 87
girls I've only hooked up with like two
girls of course I noticed your new
haircut we're not lost
okay we're just taking away that you
don't know I don't even watch porn I
don't even know that girl is she
friended me on Facebook oh but I don't
know how to make a sandwich have to make
it for me I've never seen a notebook I'd
love to watch with you though no no no
you gave me chlamydia I would never do a
threesome with three two guys dude if
LeBron James was here right now I'd
punch him right in the face I hate strip
clubs too gross I only wear Magnum
condoms regular ones just don't fit me
7:00 a.m. breakfast with your parents
sounds great
I've never cried I was a silent baby
yeah I used to wear footsie pajamas put
her never got my dick stuck in the
zipper Oh wasted last I had like at
least 20 shots in like 30 beers your dad
ties your ties I'm so good at time ties
and good shoes not a tranny I swear okay
I would tell you I've never seen an
episode of steps in the city actually no
she didn't dump me
all right I dumped her she was crazy nah
dude I've never frosted my tips I can
run a mile in like a minute and a half
tops don't you the Dragons tournament
songs so tell em I've never taken a
bubble bath baby that girl is my cousin
okay really close I thought I ordered a
whiskey but I mean Ultra rink 603 604
who the hell's Justin Bieber 898
sir I was not speeding hey see the other
guy
- why patches I'm at my grandma's and
helping her take a bath they're not guns
okay they're her cats they're Siamese or
something I don't know they sound weird
maybe your captured terrorists this is
strawberry chapstick I would never cheat
on you
we're just friends don't worry I got
this I've never shaved my chest orchids
team I don't like them
so Magic Mike documentary thought if I
cleaned up my diet I would look just
like Channing Tatum why would I be
wearing your shirt this is mine hey it's
a baby deer in a giant gerbil it is
ridiculous I'm not sure that people lie
about half of those things I just did
what's my life about something tastes
good kermy make sure you subscribe to
our channel we put out new videos every
Wednesday that was such a good yarn you
are so good at being sleepy tired all
right we'll see you next week say bye
spider-man we have to go make our
Halloween costumes and if you play your
cards right maybe I'll show you what
we're gonna be we don't know yet we have
to make them fuck all right say we have
to go sew and stuff and get fabric go to
the craft store buy
