be their friends Jana what are you doing
in your kitchen I don't know
felt like sitting in a chair today
because I am lazy yes I'm done jus let's
get all cramped when you're sitting
cross-legged in your bed all the time
and I felt like sitting in a chair if
you notice I I cleaned up for you I'm
such a piece of shit so today I wanted
to talk about something that's not so
like haha silly funny I was tweeting
yesterday some examples of how bad I am
at basketball and this girl was like you
should make a whole video about things
you're bad at I was like you live that's
kind of an excellent idea because I am
bad at many things I don't think it's a
bad thing I think that you're allowed to
suck at a lot of stuff especially when
you're young and you think you have to
be so good at everything gotta be the
best now you don't you can't openly suck
at so many things and guess what that
makes you looking regular and I really
hate when people are like oh nobody's
perfect
okay elaborate like what do you suck at
no one ever describes the actual things
that they suck at they just tell you
that it's okay I'm gonna give you some
concrete things that I am terrible at
that hopefully make you feel better
about yourself so without further ado
here are some things that I suck at
first thing that I suck at is basketball
I have three solid examples how much I
suck at basketball I used to play
basketball against my neighbor as kit
he's a grown man he only had one hand I
would lose to him I'm that bad at
basketball my brother and I would play
horse you know where you have to make
the same shot of someone else and if you
miss you get a letter you saw a horse
you lose I would have to play horse
exhalation point question mark etc
because I needed all of those extra
letters or else it would be a very fast
game the crowning glory of how I knew
how bad I was at basketball was my old
apartment I used to live across the
street from this park one day I was
playing knockout with the kids and this
fucking kid on rollerblades wearing a
backpack beat me in knockout now I want
you to really break this down with me
for a second first of all I don't think
he knew how to use the brakes
he was just like slowly coasting with
his backpack on he would knock his ball
out and he would like
to rollerblade and carefully pick up his
basketball every time it wasn't like
right in front of him and then
rollerblade back shakily get in line and
he fucking pick me he knocked me out
like within the first round this kid got
me out I think he was between the ages
of 10 and 12 like come on I mean you can
only take that once in your life before
you're like I should go sit down forever
from basketball the next day I suck at
his hair you ever see my hair and it
looks like shit that's because I
literally did it half-assed I do like
half of my hair the front half and then
the rest of it and fucking next thing I
suck at I can never make my eyeliner
match the same on both eyes no matter
how many times I try you'd like this
might look okay to you but if you ever
saw me in person you'd be like that shit
is jacked up like it does not look even
close to the same the next thing I suck
at really actually kind of funny I
cannot estimate numbers if there was a
group of people in a room I cannot tell
you unless I count them how many people
are there I could estimate less than a
hundred more than to just tell me to
quickly look at something I want how
many things are there I have no fucking
clue I can't my brain just doesn't do it
like you know in elementary school and
stuff when they put M&Ms in a jar and
they're like oh guess how many are in
here new winner prize I would always
just look and be like fuck I don't know
57 billion I cannot estimate numbers
time fine distance sure numbers no way I
suck at doing laundry and that's too
full first part of it is that I suck at
actually doing laundry on more than one
occasion I have actually gone to a store
to buy underwear because I didn't feel
like doing my laundry
that's bad that's really bad the second
part of how much I suck at doing my
laundry I just throw everything in the
dryer like I'm too lazy to sort my
clothes and the things that can go into
the dryer or not and then if it gets
ruined the
that I justify that in my mind if I
can't put it in the dryer I don't want
it like how hard would it be to take
that out of your dryer pile and you know
line dry it it's not I just suck at it
while we're talking about closed
I still get actually putting my clothes
away correctly here's where your clothes
are supposed to go here's where I put
them another thing I suck at is doing my
dominant hand when I'm painting my nails
my left hand always comes out all like
nice and pretty like that normal and
then my right hand oh it comes out like
that and then even when you go in and
try and fix it you just fuck it up more
side note though that's not true of my
toast I'll show you why you cannot unsee
what I'm about to show you
click away if you don't like feet fuck
away all right this is why I don't suck
at doing my toenails cuz I can spread
them like little hands they're like
little monkey hands I stuck a chess
because I think it's boring it's too
many different pieces let's play
checkers like checkers better because
it's for children I suck at saying no to
my dogs
I mean cheese marbles giving me
puppy-dog eyes he wants cheese okay
vegan has cheese the thing I really suck
at it's getting weird colored in here is
history
this is a secret you can't tell anyone
this I'm gonna tell you and one quarter
in high school I got a D in history a D
so hopefully you suck at things too so
then I won't feel so that an embarrassed
I feel weird we keeping you up I must
say make sure you subscribe to our
Channel put an abuser whiz they say by
Homer by Homer clock going to paint your
nails level nobody say I'm a man you
respect me woman who's me mumbles I'm
talking to myself - see you next week
goodbye titties
