who are you that's better a Bible so you
ever start hanging out with someone like
right in the beginning everything's cool
and happy and then all of a sudden they
say something or do something or you
find out something about them where
you're just like nope I can't do it we
gotta call it off right now
sorry it's a deal breaker bye or
sometimes in a relationship they say or
do something and you're like you know
what I am dead in love with you like I
feel like every relationship has like
that little moment where you're like
let's do this or oh so I put together
some of my personal make-or-break
relationship moments maybe yours are
different but Caesar mine I don't cut my
toenails I'm going for the Guinness
World Record okay I have two dicks me
when is Creed coming out with a new
album on a favorite good
capital of China Japan yeah you know
who's actually really hot Hitler wait
are you talking about Star Wars Episode
one is the best one
Hobie's yeah I have a baby koala ranch
in my house you wanna you can come over
if you want yeah my favorite sport is
Quidditch it's real good
I take everything in comic sans font
cute wood all right I got what I got uh
never have I ever
flossed my teeth good you know I don't
have a gag reflex watch this yeah did
you see that dr. banner got the fattest
guy alive yeah my dad oh I hate little
dogs they're so stupid good
oh I forgot to tell you I made out with
your sister and your cousin and your
other cousin at your birthday party
tonight but your sister put her as my
face so fuck you you hungry at all can
whip up a Cossacks turducken
you were like 20 minutes yeah I spent
some time in prison for punching a baby
weird you know I have two vaginas yeah
that's Monday I mean I don't want to get
too crazy just do a couple shots of
tequila I'm a model
model air please do I come here I have
three dicks nobody else three good your
hair doll is coming along so nicely yeah
what the ball you can let me know if
yours are different we have to give big
shout out to hit hard it's been telling
us to make this video for so long love
you Hannah I hereby crown you King
Kermit
king of all the Kermit's it's a rubber
band you look so handsome in that crown
it looks like a crown halo say make sure
you subscribe to our channel we put out
new videos every Wednesday and we cannot
do here today fucking whatever sorry my
we'll see you bye spider-man
no matter spider-man did that did that
did that did that little dip
