is this how you want to sit today creamy
just in case you are wondering we to me
beliefs so I love movies I'm assuming
you also love movies and as your
stereotypical human being with a vagina
I appreciate a great love story in a
movie just gives you the warm nippy
tingles unfortunately though you kind of
live your life and then you're like you
know this isn't how it works at all so I
want to share with you some things about
love that I've learned from movies that
don't make any fucking sense to me like
who thought of this shit Bobby I know
who but with wait wait thinking's not
real so what I tried to keep these
examples just sort of things that we
would all know hopefully if you don't
and I don't google it and yes I know
some of them are books first where you
start mouthing off I'm trying to create
a theme here alright first movie I want
to talk about that makes the ladies go
googoo gaga over love is pretty woman
pretty woman taught me basically in a
nutshell that if I am a hooker
everything's just gonna turn out fine
some rich dude is just gonna decide that
you ginger bitch with the fucking you
can take a dick like a champ
and I want you to be the mother of my
children because you are class act what
have I been doing this whole time you
know going to fucking college and shit I
should have been sucking dicks for money
Julia Roberts isn't even like a
high-class escort she's not even like
the one making tons of money she's on
the street she is turning tricks on the
corner I mean think about what you learn
from that it's okay to be a hooker
because everything's gonna work out fine
for you I mean come on Richard Gere you
can't turn a ho into a housewife hoes
don't act right starwars
taught me that oops sometimes you
accidentally make out with your brother
and that's perfectly fine oh it's not
okay you can okay I'm gonna raise my
hand I feel a little bit weird alright
spider-man taught me that it's
completely romantic to kiss someone
upside down like this you know what I'm
talking about the scene when he's like
hanging and she's making out with a
space not true that is you question have
you ever kissed someone's upside down
face feel like you do it one time and
you're like wow this is let's never do
that again it feels so weird it feels
like oh I feel right it doesn't feel
right that is not romantic
like I feel like I'd rather make out
with someone's butthole I like kissing
people right side up upside down it
doesn't make it more special it makes it
fucking weird
Titanic taught me that if you love
someone you should let them fucking
freeze to death and safe to the bottom
of the ocean st. Ivan's like oh they
both couldn't fit on the door thing he's
too heavy flipped over no if Rose had
gone on the fucking lifeboat like
everybody told her to then jack would've
been able to get on the door and then he
wouldn't have frozen and drown fucking
problem stall everybody lives I'm sorry
I don't know about you but this is just
the most ridiculous thing ever
if I were Rose I'd be like look bro it's
been real I met you a couple days ago
but this boats going down and there's
limited room on that life raft so I'm
gonna go ahead and get on there best of
luck to you
Titanic also taught me that if you don't
love someone the appropriate way to deal
with that is to spit in their face it is
not okay spit in people's faces okay you
need to use your word rose seriously I
saw the movie in the theater and was
like wow I'm like why are we clapping
for this this is disgusting Rose is a
stupid and now rude dumb bitch you are
not getting my applause Romeo and Juliet
taught me a fucking clusterfuck of
things okay and I like the Leonardo
DiCaprio version as much as the next
person but can we talk about this for a
second first of all Juliet is 13 years
old 13 years old not exactly sure how
old Romeo was but somewhere in that
range what I was doing when I was 13
years old like crossing my fingers that
there were pizza nuggets for lunch that
it is like killing myself over some boy
business second of all it takes place
over the span of what like four or five
days six days a week tops
they fall in love with each other at
first sight and they fucking by the end
of the week they're both dead and Romeo
in the beginning is crying over the fact
that Rosaline doesn't look yeah oh my
god her puzzler doesn't oh now I'm in
love with this girl man I fucking die
whoa slow down that's your first problem
is that you're an idiot I know you're
all excited and shit right you got your
hormones all going crazy just let's not
make such rash decision
here okay it gets better Romeo and
Juliet also taught me it if you can't be
with the person that you love you know
what you should do is just fucking
pretend you're dead because that solves
everything then if your 13 year old lady
crush that you met five days ago turns
out to be dead for whatever reason you
know what you should do is go find her
body and kill yourself on top of her
yeah sure it's a beautiful love story
there's a lot to be learned here about
life etc but let's just think about this
in terms of real life it's completely
fucking ridiculous
the note book along with a lot of other
movies taught me that making out in the
rain is so romantic oh my god wrong got
water coming all in your eyes your faces
all wet and unless you've waterproofed
your makeup for some reason that day you
look busy like the witch when she's
melting in The Wizard of Oz I'm sorry I
don't look like Rachel McAdams when I'm
standing in the rain making out with
somebody
oh good fucking mascara everywhere it's
like getting in your mouth your hair
looks like shit come on the notebook
also taught me you know what's really
adorable in romantic dementia oh isn't
that so sweet she's like dying of a
mental illness Dirty Dancing taught me
that if a guy really loves you he'll
lift you up over his head yes nobody
loves me the dark night taught me that
doesn't matter if you love Katie Holmes
or Maggie Gyllenhaal hormones gonna blow
up there's such nice wonderful stories
sort of except people keep dying like
this is how people get weird fucked up
expectations about love it's not how it
works
it's pretty much like you meet somebody
hey I like you like you tell me you're
like cool see what happens
where's that movie it's just full of
like giggling and shit's sexy time and
now I'll leave you with one of my
favorite love stories that I learned
about when I was in India now from what
I was told and you might have to check
some of these facts those guys I John
was the Emperor of the Mughal Empire in
India
his second wife who had 14 of his 16
children died and he was so upset so he
built the Taj Mahal as like her tomb it
took like 20 years to build it and they
brought in white marble from all over
India and like Asia took mad
elephants to bring it all their cost
ridiculous amount of money so here's the
Taj Mahal and then there's a river
behind it Shah Jahan wanted to build an
almost identical black Taj Mahal that
costs like twice as much as the original
Taj Mahal and his son was like hey Dad
like uh we can't afford this and this is
ridiculous so he like locked him up in
this room and died looking at the Taj
Mahal but where he died was this big
giant palace and he had like four
hundred whores there and all he would do
is apparently like get drunk and go
fishing in this giant pond that he had
and he remarried after so the moral of
the story is your wife dies build her a
big giant monument but then just have
like 400 horse live happily ever after
the fuck lol love stories say make sure
you subscribe to my channel we put on
new videos every Wednesday say goodbye
to spider-man and the ninja turtles so
sexy
yeah they got like chest plates and shit
mm chest okay say see you next week bye
bye unicorn he's chasing a rainbow
someone open goddamn star star
what I got them stars
