so I gotta be on to do let me tell you
what happened today I tried to do a
Taylor Swift video and it turned out far
wall - surprised squint is that right
now fuck I'm so upset because I was
really excited about it it sucked so
much and I actually cried earlier I
cried like I had to fix my makeup and my
eyelashes Oh time for lunch I'm so sorry
I really tried so hard I know you
probably hate me right now don't worry
join the club because I hate myself so
much because this video sucks
fuck this video this was bound to happen
cuz I shoot edit and upload all in the
same day I did a video it fucking sucked
and I need some serious cheering up
right now so after I look like Taylor
Swift I'm actually wearing two weeks
right now
I like spray-painting them a little bit
because they were the wrong color it's
okay the moral story is sometimes you
fail miserably and then you need to
cheer yourself up after a ball let's
fuck screen oops I said I'm still sad
next is a flag scar sometimes when your
life gets really weird you just have to
dress up like a kangaroo or a fly's
barrel and then you feel better I still
don't feel better thank you flying
squirrel
so Smosh does this on their second
channel they speed draw people and
there's always comes out so hilarious
and fun so I was like why don't I do
that so that I can laugh and be happy
and I slosh we got scented markers and
these great yes
let's drop miss your marbles you black
pig black Oh
laughs or do it there's your one cup
time hey you show yours first
hi mr. marbles is wearing a sports coat
obviously and a bowtie and he's shooting
a gun and drinking some some brandy
that's pretty good because I absolutely
sort of drew bubbles as a cat I don't
know how it got like that I like it
fuck second time failed miserably today
mr. marbles cool real cool hi let's draw
Kermit got it ready go what time's up
this is Kermit at the Olympics winning a
sprint
dad dad dad you're fucking crushing me
right now I do Kermit as dynasty he's a
good tiny size a huge dick and I also
drew his balls but then I cross them out
because it's fixed look so happy
doesn't look great yeah I got the giant
but power thank you one that one - shit
we are drying Michael Jackson in five
four three two one go there you go first
Michael Jackson came out like a pig this
is what happened I drew this one this is
the first thing I drew and I'm like oh
that's a nose throw it out and then I
had to restart and he's saying he do his
little I do something that's
questionable
Wow pointa Jenna
you're gonna draw one direction ready
set
wait go
- sighs this is my one direction one
direction that way this is the kid with
the hair these two are whoever that's
the blonde one I didn't have a yellow
marker and that's the one that doesn't
look like the others
my one direction came out remarkably
like a set of Power Rangers because I
drew the microphones first roadies
erroneous say don't stand like the
Jackson 5 max they walk around get the
ladies going this guy's kickin that's
why I got the end I was like oh shit
they got to do something different they
all feel misses and you actually feel
you don't know and I was gonna write
more but let's draw a giraffe ready dope
ah feel fixed so my giraffe I guess it
made his snout a little long I thought
he was a velociraptor and then I thought
it was a Tyrannosaurus Rex and then I
thought it was drought what is this what
the fuck is this that CJ is shit he was
gonna be taking this shit and then I
thought maybe he should just be eating
some fruit for some reason his tail it
Brian no just kidding giraffe anyways
here's my giraffe it says hey girl next
sucks and he sort of her delicate turtle
better than yours loose I closed all my
lines my drafts got a bowtie so fuck
your dress my dress pink come here often
let's play a game where we both squirt
whipped cream in our mouth and try make
each other laugh and whoever laughs
first loses
I win
yeah that's mad well cream never hurt
anybody
well I would say subscribe to my channel
but too sad so I need to go eat some
macaroni cheese you should tweet me a
picture of your dog or cat and they
don't feel better because I like that
alright I guess I'll see you next week
I'm gonna go cry for a week no oh but
I'll be back
fuck
