yeah in the car right now be there in
like five minutes
now I'm gonna diet oh my god you do not
let fat in those jeans I mean oh right I
got them on sale I am such a good driver
give me like 15 minutes I'll be riding
in like 15 minutes
oh yeah I wrote that book yeah I'm
almost ready like I'm almost ready these
are my real nails I know all right
they're so long I hate when girls talk
shit I am i back I never talk shit about
anyone behind the back five seven yeah
I'm like a short five seven no I already
ate dinner really not that hungry
what's wrong nothing hashtag no filter
what's wrong nothing hashtag no makeup I
am such a nerd I never eat junk food
Josh I weigh I weigh like 110 this is my
real tan and I never go tanning Italian
like all up skinned yeah my eyelashes
are so real I don't wear fake lashes I
get totally like eat whatever I want and
I never get back I'm not gonna drunk
text and I'll tell you that much I swear
on my life I am NOT gonna drunk text
tonight I'm not even that drunk I work
out like six days a week at least my god
your new hair looks so cute that like
short Miley Cyrus things so in right now
so good on your face Oh God hate drama
you know I would never hook up with my
axe
he's like gross like you hate him oh
this thing just pull down the back of my
closet oh I haven't even eat anything
yet today you know I'm not like Greg oh
here just gets so light from the Sun
it's not highlights I'm so good with
kids I know it's so good to see you I
haven't seen you in like forever I
missed you
I've never taken diet pills I'd never go
on that website you were such a bitch
even kidding I'm kidding I've only
hooked up with like two guys like my
whole life sorry I haven't called you
back and it's been so busy I never
watched that show show such trash no I
did not have sex with him we like to
hung out a couple of times it like no we
never had sex yeah you have my number
it's uh one two three no it's a real
number I swear we're done no I've never
had any plastic surgery like everything
is mine I was born like this this is my
real hair I take so many vitamins I can
drink more than anybody this table right
now
I'm only having one last point no I'm
sorry I don't need directions I know
exactly where we're going
yeah is that not mine I'm 21
totally me I just won't make a pair of
reached it I'm not gonna make out with
anyone tonight
so glad I'm single just like ever
hashtag freedom tweet you know oh my god
smells in here huh what a man oh there
are my little guys that look like a
double-headed monster there's one body
in two heads but they're different heads
but they're both equally is exciting
yeah mobile do you like not ever like
hurry do like I'm asleep sometimes I lie
to you guys cuz I say the wal K word and
it doesn't mean for you I'm sorry like a
bye spider-man
goodbye spider-man goodbye Sylvie
unicorn but gonna go be BG a stick over
here alrighty next week bye
