ah shit I leave in 20 minutes better
start packing all right what do I need a
packing sandwich and a packing drink all
right no seriously what do I need a perk
you wacky Oh
all right got that out of the way we're
do I need a fucking pumpup song okay
Lamborghini mercy
yo chick she so thirsty i'ma let you see
that oh good show Krusty Travis all
right now I'm ready good thing my mom
made me this list socks check underwear
check jeans check gym shorts check white
t-shirt in my what G check
yeah well I'm already wearing that dress
shirt ah so many choices twelve this one
screams big baller and this one is a
little more casual oh let's go with this
one I mean go big or go home
Paul so hard motherfuckers trying to
find me sneakers step ahead of you stop
it in my basics toiletries huh well I'm
sure someone will have toothpaste and
shampoo and soap and deodorant I'll just
find a toothbrush when I get there plus
I brush my teeth yesterday so I should
be good probably won't shave cuz let's
be serious
I'll look sexy when this grows out I'm
gonna need a buttload of condoms
I'm definitely getting laid at this
family reunion whatever Luke I am NOT
your father
I wrapped that shit up running out of
time is for porn
what if there's no Wi-Fi like a jerk to
this or this this should cover all my
meals can't sleep without my woobie on
my boo pee you have to come I'm gonna
miss you so much I mean good day sir
one more thing some cologne in case I
see my ex-girlfriend cause we never ever
getting back together well unless you
got like really hot well I think that's
everything should be good for three
weeks
i squish you would bill you ties what's
this a ghost oh no it's just the light
no that curtain
oh my god it's the ghost what it's
Nate's not Casper because it's not being
friendly at all being standoffish it's a
ghost face
Ghostface Killah I kiss you yes I make
sure you subscribe to our channel we put
out new videos every Wednesday and I'm
getting double kisses and have a ghost
on my shoulder and you do not oh my god
this is getting really good weird does
this count as a threesome all right
little ones say goodbye to our new
ghosty friend on my shoulder boob bye
ghost friend oh my hand is going through
it it's a ghost Mobile get it yes you're
it away that's definitely gonna scare it
take a bye spider-man goodbye spider-man
I am out of control all right say see
you next week everyone's very
enthusiastic today the fuck
