what are you doing here now I'm just
kidding welcome to my bed roubles you're
looking very regal today because I have
a big head so ever since I made the
video things boys don't understand this
has been one of the most requested
videos that I get and I think last week
since I talked about sports bras and
guys on understanding those it has been
even more requested been like six months
since I made that video until you know
sometime I know you guys just want to
know all the fucking secrets about girls
and girls just wanna lol because it's
fucking true so I'm gonna do it because
I'm a people pleaser so here's part 2 of
things that boys don't understand oh hey
Kermit first thing guys don't understand
is that you're almost always too rough
when you touch a girl or kiss a girl
imagine that you're like touching a
little puppy or a kid okay just slow
down we want anything more than that
we'll let you know but err on the side
of gentle whatever you think is gentle
dial it back like ten notches and then
that's gentle no nuggies ever it fucks
my hair up speaking of fucking my hair
up I know that you like to drive with
all the windows down and whatnot but it
fucks my fucking hair up you saw how
long it took me to do my hair you waited
around the whole time for me to be done
then we get in the car and you roll all
the fucking windows down so it just
blows everywhere it's all on your lip
gloss and all over your face and then
wherever you get to you look like a big
giant pot mask
roll your window down leave the rest of
them sort of up or some shit I have my
hair in a ponytail
let's go apeshit and roll all the
fucking windows down but if it's down
and done you fucking roll that shit up
for the most part when girls go to the
bathroom together to talk about you and
privacy even if we don't go there with
the explicit intention of talking about
you it's what we end up doing at least
we're fucking polite and before you get
all pissed off it's not always bad
things we're girls okay we hear the
conversations that go on in the bathroom
when you think that you're such a
hotshot for getting this girl to come
home with you and then you really wooed
her really happened is on her trip to
the bathroom she talked to three of her
other girlfriends and was like oh
hook up with this guy I don't know what
they're all like do it I you - again
you're single now you broke up with
Jeremy he was such a jerk you deserve to
just like hook up with someone and I
care about it wasn't you it was already
decided amongst the girls that
Pepperberg back on track back that she
was gonna sleep with you
okay stop taking so much credit for it
let girls go to the bathroom together
and then shut up about it because your
penises fate is being decided in that
bathroom as we speak Pilates and yoga
are hard workouts I can pick things up
and put them down - but can you make
your ass at your own face well I went I
cannot drink as much as you can if I say
I can I am totally lying to you so just
think about when you're force feeding
these shots and calling me a pussy and -
drink up and stuff unless you want to
carry not even my drunk asshole my dead
lifeless puke covered body home you let
me drink at my own pace write your
comments can forever change how I see
things for example if I put something on
I think is really cute and you say
something like hey you look like a
wizard when did you break out of jail
next clown pits and then I get upset and
even if you're like no no I like it I'm
sorry I can never wear that I will
forever be consumed with the thought or
idea that I look like a wizard or that I
broke out of jail or I'm a clown
congratulations sir you have ruined that
outfit if I happen to like speaking of
outfits sometimes girls wear the same
outfit more than once like out because
if it's really cute and you didn't see
anyone important then you can wear it
again if you've seen me in the same
outfit twice that means I'm not trying
to impress you it's sorry nice guys do
not finish last and I debated making
this its own whole video
you my friend are oversimplifying sure
you might be a nice guy but did you ever
think about that maybe there are some
other factors in there that might
something to do with it maybe you don't
brush your teeth maybe you're 30 years
old and live at home with your parents
and are unemployed maybe you have a
weird-looking dick shit is a cop-out
nice girls finish last said no one your
ballsack smells maybe a hundred times
worse than my Bujji ever does and I
never get any credit for tolerating it
you know it too if you can smell your
own ball sac don't ask me to put in my
mouth I don't want to and the last thing
that guys don't understand is actually
gonna unlock all of the secrets to the
universe for you if you're around a girl
for like years and never hear her fart
it's because she wears thongs all the
time think about it
see a thong cuts your butthole like in
half so instead of it like touching
itself it sounds like you're welcome
yeah bubbles then make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put out new
videos every Wednesday bubbles to
understand me I understand you to my
books you like food and sunshine and
belly scratches and laundry bubble says
let me go so I can go sit in the clean
laundry please mummy
we'll see you next week there boys wait
a minute by a motherfucker all right see
you later bye
