do you struggle trying to understand
text messages smiley faces punctuation
the English language what does it all
mean
you need the text message decoder the
text message decoder is a slim
lightweight handbook to help display for
all the confusing text messages from
various people in your life it's broken
down into four useful categories family
members friends co-workers and members
of the opposite sex so easy to use
simply identified who sent you the
message look it up under the appropriate
category and see what it really means
got a cryptic message like this from
your mom one quick look at the text
message decoder and you'll see it really
means call me because I'm getting
concerned about your life choices I want
to make sure you're not doing those bath
salts I keep hearing about
problem solved no more mindless texting
of good how are you before you get to
the real conversation got a message from
your friend that says Oh what does that
even mean don't even bother trying to
tell her what you're really doing you'll
be playing text message ping-pong for
hours look it up in the text message
chicka I want to meet up and get drunk
tonight and talk about how much I hate
my boyfriend I don't want to break up
with him I just literally hate him and
want to talk to you about it while drunk
see how easy it is tmd even offer
suggestions of how to respond to this
situation it says I'll meet you at your
house was the bottles of wine in a peach
heaven is such a dick your friend will
love you forever got a message from your
boss that says what do you mean where am
I not at work you dumb bitch using the
tmd she really means you're on the verge
of being fired a few extra fucking ass
in the office right now I'm not gonna be
there for most of the day I'm just
trying to share my power over you
simultaneously ignore you to your face
it also feel threatened by how everyone
seems to like you hate I hate myself
suggested responses hey Claire go fuck
yourself right in your tickle taco I
hate this fucking job amazing and let's
not forget all those text messages from
the opposite sex that never make any
sense
luckily the tmd is broken into male and
female sections so you can always know
what they're trying to say girls have a
guide text you he really means I would
like to put my dick in your mouth
this means I would like to put my dick
in your mouth later and this means
thanks for my dick in your mouth last
night for guys if a girl texts you it
means I'm sorry I develop feelings for
you
not like we're friends and we're friends
looks like more than a friend but I
haven't heard from in like three days so
I was just wondering like if you lie to
your nan I thought we had a connection
the other night but I'm not really sure
the name nerd for me I don't know what's
going on why don't you like me this
means I really want to hang out with you
because I really like you but I know
you're talking that girl Karen and
really fucking while there's me but like
if you want to do with me you be with me
but if you want to be with heart and you
do with heart and I just don't
understand what's going on so I'd
appreciate if you tell me like me or not
if you like Karen and this means I am
done talking to you but I really want to
have text me back because I want you to
like I just don't like though I don't
like me I'm such a catch and you're
still still bad matters anyway so stupid
I'm so fat right and angry I just wish
you would hang out with me I don't know
I got any poisons I knew back we both
kinds of users from around the world are
still pleased at the text messages here
are some testimonials from some real
users I used to think girls were a
little out of their moms now thanks to
the text message decoder I know that
batshit crazy
I am so pleased with the results from
the text message decoder now you know
the guys when I get their dick sucked I
never knew that before
for just three payments of 1996 Xmas
Checotah can be yours call now see your
little thing Fermi you look so loungy
what was that noises yeah Mobile's on
all those gay boys text you are you
confused yeah now you has no excuse
right say make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put out new videos every
Wednesday yeah great say bye spider-man
Kermit could give a fuck right now
Kermit gives zero fucks our fuck was
given that day I love you baby
see boys fighting mean thank spider-man
hurry say see you next week bye bye
