one time a giraffe and a unicorn had
drinks beers in the magical land of
almost Canada more Dora the giraffe got
the unicorn drunk took her home yes nine
months later Genna was born
Genna traffic on a corn bacon isn't a
word but it's a corn bacon just FYI
thanks the giraffe and the unicorn
taught the Jenner a the corn how to walk
legs and talk and read and write and she
had braces for four whole years it was
weird
punk whitter she moved to Boston to
pursue a dream of nothing and attended
Hogwarts we got mad degrees she learned
all about confetti and cupcakes and
softball and look awkward so we that's
good but then came a marble the most
beautiful marble there ever was
oh she got her a computer and taught her
how to edit videos
CJ's people watch them for no reason
seriously why are you still watching
this no one knows except that go wall
over there
just kidding it's a narwhal just kidding
it's Paula Deen riding a narwhal just
kidding look at this then so many people
watch your videos but she had to call
her mom and tell her about it
and apologize for swearing on the
Internet fucking Spiderman was there
that's how the whole thing happened it
didn't do anything you're useless
Teddy's now look at this and this then
kima Carmen the most majestic karma
there ever was he taught the world how
to be a silver unicorn and made them
happy and looked like Snoop Dogg and
three of them became a family happiest
family there ever was but since they
both have dicks sometimes it gets weird
double dicks baby gerbils are gross
aliens are coming to make butt sex with
you
one bottle at a time big uh and now the
generator corn is uploaded a hundred
videos most of them are terrible I still
don't know why you're watching but I
wanted to thank you for being on this
life journey with me thank you for being
my internet friend this is me giving you
a hug
more titties cereal is delicious magic
magic magic what's the opposite of a
penis pandas you smiling
