it's mr. burns bubbles you know what
that makes you submitters my hair makes
me feel like I'm a little kid a sexual
little kid so today I want to talk about
the fact that I think I have a real
problem and then hopefully someone will
be like I do the same thing Jenna so
that I don't have to feel so weird and
bad about myself here's my confession I
Jenna Laurie
Marbles I'm addicted to X you know like
apps it's getting to the point where my
need to play these games is like ruining
the rest of my life I'm not trying to
offend anyone with this comparison but I
feel like I'm addicted to drugs and
there is an app rehab I would probably
be it it like I'll be sitting in the car
you gotta get out to grab something real
quick cool I'll just sit here I got a
good quick fucking game in on my fault
I curse the day that I downloaded some
of these games when I first started I
didn't really give it that much thought
I was like us games so fun then it would
turn into a couple games I would
alternate games and we've got some words
with friends
then we got some draw something going on
and I mean it just kept turning into
more and more games and I realized that
I had a problem when on more than one
occasion I looked at my watch and
realize that I had spent the entire day
doing nothing but sitting in my forever
lazy and fucking playing apps in my
pajamas with my glasses on liyan even
brush my teeth or put my contacts in for
the entire day all I did was play bingo
that's a serious problem and of course
the logical solution is like Jenna why
don't you just delete them off of your
iPad so that you can't play them I don't
know I just can't and the apps that I'm
addicted to I think half of them I can't
even explain to you why they're so
addicting like they're just flat-out
fucking stupid this is a game called
monopoly hotels all you do is build fake
fucking hotel rooms and then collect
their rent all that you do is you play
landlord and then you build new rooms
and then you collect their rent -
nothing happens I don't even know if you
can win this game what am i working
towards I don't know
and in this fucking game half of the
shit that it wants you to do like build
all this stuff with
old you can't get gold unless you spend
real money on it's like every time I
open up this app it's like just give us
your money Jenna just give it to us I
mean eventually I'm gonna fucking give
it I really don't want to this fucking
game took up when one of my life that I
ever intended fucking mogo's quiz
I didn't even cheat and I completed all
eight levels by googling the logo this
game essentially is you are identifying
logos and most of them are like
international fucking big places that no
one gives a shit about unless you live
in the country where it's relevant it's
oh my god I can't I can't even with this
game this isn't even a fucking game what
is the game you get the logo when you
get a star what the fuck this is the one
the main realize I have a problem
bingo fucking bingo what am i 85 years
old at least old people play bingo with
all their old people I sit and fucking
play alone in the worst part is is that
they suck you in and let you play a few
games of bingo like you're having fun
and you get bingo but then if you want
to play more than like 10 games or
something you have to pay money you took
advantage of the fact that I am enjoying
myself right now and you if I want to
continue enjoying myself I have to pay
you I gave up playing Draw Something
after about a week and a half because
the games never end and you never win
what do you win you can get more colours
like what the fuck is this you can't win
I had to stop playing Words With Friends
because I you know tweeted it out or
something one time and then all of a
sudden my app exploded so I can't even
use that more than anymore that one was
kind of fun the fucking family feud and
friends and are you smarter than a 5th
grader and friends I doubt that I'm
actually playing with friends because if
you pause the game and then go back like
a day after you're still playing with
the same people which I know is not true
even fucking Angry Birds and tiny wings
tiny wings was the one that got me for a
long time - yeah you're a bird
the end what the fuck am i doing I am
tapping a bird or flinging a bird or
doing something in make-believe bird
lands and not like nothing happens how
is this helping me it's not helping my
like coordination or motor skills it's
not using my brain I'm literally being a
bird and doing nothing then I was like
you know what these games are boring
I should download like some some puzzle
games so I downloaded Sudoku and fucking
crossword puzzles guess what I was doing
all morning this morning
fucking Sudoku you know you have a
problem when before you can even eat
breakfast you're already four fucking
games deep in Sudoku no I'm sorry that's
not accurate before I could play Sudoku
I need to check my fucking hotels and
collect my rent from my make-believe
tenants to do nothing with most recently
the one I downloaded was the Monopoly
game this fucking bitch was ten dollars
real dollars I've never spent that much
money on that and the way that I
justified it to myself in my brain like
some drug addict making excuses for
themselves might as well pay ten dollars
for the app so I can play Monopoly since
I don't have friends to play with me all
the time and Max made fun of me to no
end he was like ten dollars I don't
think that apps worth ten dollars worth
of fun after I spent an entire day
playing it
what does max go would do download the
ten dollar monopoly app and spend the
next fucking week and a half do enough
my play monopoly do you see how I not
only row into my life but then I
infected someone else's life and ruined
their life and it cost them ten dollars
to ruin their life just shit is fucking
dangerous it's like a plague and then of
course the worst apps our Facebook and
Twitter and Instagram because whenever
you're sick and tired of losing at your
games you just go and check your social
media apps until you basically are
asleep
with your iPad or your phone onto your
face like you just ruin your whole life
I think the solution is that I need to
do my best to take responsibility for
you know limiting myself to app playing
but it's not my fault because we as
human beings never had this much
entertainment and fingertips it's very
hard to be productive and we're all in
this big big boat called what the fuck
is my life about can you just be
comforting to know that I'm not the only
one in that boat that's sinking and
going down into the bottom of the ocean
and someday I wake up my gravestone says
here lies Jenna she fucking loved Angry
Birds so yeah I just wanted to get that
off of my chest and honestly now I'm
probably gonna go play some fucking apps
please don't make us feel weird please
tell us that you have the same problem
then make sure that you subscribe to our
channel because we put out new videos
every Wednesday say bye spider-man die
Smithers yeah yeah you see just because
if you don't have an iPad or a tablet
doesn't mean you don't play in your
phone either who the fuck are you
kidding don't really say see you next
week bye
