happy 4th of July America Frick yeah my
boss come be in my video marbles gets an
F for participation today the silver
unicorn gettin a so I get asked to make
this video a lock back a few years ago I
used to go go dance part-time that's not
being a stripper for those of you that
think that you guys are fucking idiots
you dance like in a club and you get
everybody fucking excited alright that's
what that is and everyone's always like
shows your dues moves well I'm gonna
show you my dance moves but it's not
gonna be what you expected I'd say 98%
of the time that I go out and dance it
looks like these dance moves and I get a
lot of fucking compliments so I thought
I would help you these are particularly
good if you're just looking to have a
great fucking time and laugh or maybe
you can't dance at all these are the
moves for you my friend so without
further ado here are some of my
favourite dance moves
this is glue
so yeah those are my favorite dance
moves and if you didn't like them
I probably don't let it's with you
because you're probably not any fun have
to thank max no sleeves for helping me
make that because I couldn't do it alone
oh my ball you get a C+ for
participation now because you came down
here they say make sure you subscribe to
our channel we put out new videos every
Wednesday no we're gonna go celebrate
our freedom America and watch things
blow up
how are you we're gonna go yes bubbles
we're gonna go we're gonna go see the
fireworks are you excited oh you do not
care yeah are you save ice fighting me
lace butter bed a better little goodbye
spider bad dog I love this fucking shirt
so do you give some like a little extra
pep in his step
the real Phoenix we bug
