Hey
you're so cute so today I gotta keep it
real and I gotta address something that
I get a lot not gonna be that funny this
girl on Twitter just reminded me the
other day that I wanted to make a video
about this are you a lesbian because you
always say weird lesbian ish things lol
hashtag no offense where do I even start
I get asked this question so much I'd
say ik spent the majority of my adult
life being called a lesbian
mostly because I played college softball
it's kind of a stereotype they're not
necessarily true people just assume let
me just tell you how much that bothers
me goose egg that at all in here is what
is your question no I am NOT a lesbian I
don't think I like boys but in my
opinion you can love balls and dank and
pain in boys or men and still have big
giant girl crushes on girls like big
time maybe not always in a sexual or
romantic way I just want to lay it out
there in my opinion there ain't nothing
wrong with being like I think that girl
is really good-looking I think some of
you out there have yet to embrace your
secret inner lesbian but I'm gonna help
you be honest with yourself okay let's
be honest I'm a girl
and I spend more time than I'd like to
admit looking at pictures of other hot
girls why I'm fucking no I like your
hair I like your makeup I like your
boobs
I like your big giant butt fucking
mesmerizing I like your clothes I can't
tell if I want to be you or beyond you
can I just fucking stare at you until I
figure it out and I've always explained
it to guys like this in the past if you
are a girl you would also have a crush
on girls girls are just majestic fucking
creatures okay
they're pretty they smell nice and if I
were to break this down I would say that
there's three tiers of girl crushes
first level girl crushes I love you like
I want to be your best friend an example
the first level girl crush for me is
Kristen Wiig how can I hang out with you
you're so funny can I be your friend I
want to be a friend second tier girl
crush is I love you a lot kind of like I
want to be you that for me is Eva Mendes
how do I be you where can I turn my skin
into the skin store to get your skin
because it is fucking glowing how do I
get my hair to do that how can I get
Ryan Gosling to be my boyfriend or Sofia
Vergara how can I be so delightfully
Hispanic your teeth are really white and
boobs are really big can I have them can
I just live your life and the third
level of girl crushes is given the right
circumstances I would make a scissor
sandwich with you
Miley Cyrus Rihanna if Rihanna was like
let's go run away together I would be
like let me pack my back I mean if
you're a girl and you don't have any
level of girl crushes on a girl
you're just fucking lying to yourself
it's okay let it out because I've had
girls tell me in the past that they have
a girl crush on me there's no offensive
that is to hear that not at all I am
flattered in fact I have a girl crush on
you back for girl crushing on me and
guys out there I need to be honest - I
mean you got at least a level two man
crush on your favorite athlete right you
would fangirl out if you saw Tom Brady
if you're a Patriots fan yeah don't act
like you wouldn't want his luck cuz I
know you do and back to the original
Twitter statement I say lesbian ish
things to people all the time because I
fully and wholeheartedly accept my girl
crush tendency and for those of you out
there that aren't as comfortable with it
as I am I'm here to tell you that it's
fucking normal
don't let anybody make fun of you for
having pictures of hot girls in your
room sorry that I appreciate greatness
and that I'm electric don't can't argue
with that so hope this video was
inspired you to just let your inner
lizzy out just let her out get on
Twitter say some lesbian ish things to
people and make their dead girl crush is
such a buff yes they make sure you look
good when we put new videos every week
there we are dressed as spider-man
Kermit do you have girl crushes on girls
yeah you say I like girls but Marvel's
likes boys yeah I'm just gonna wear my
hood and be a Kermit oh look I'll hear
some you are
as a good boy alright we'll see you next
week say bye-bye spider-man's bye
