oh yeah TV time with my best friend in
the world
dear beer I love you because you never
want to talk about your feelings let's
see what's on right we're left often in
it in any sport cynic Oh women's
basketball layups in the house two three
and she mixes it you know you would have
made that shot if you were born a man
women's tennis now that's a sport I can
get down with I like your gender
appropriate outfit I bet she'd make that
sound while she took this mediocre says
dick yeah all right let's see what else
is up but click click well there's
nothing on but click click click click
click Green Lantern movie was awful
started 45 minutes ago I'm gonna watch
it anyways wait what's that so the call
of duty
suck my dick motherfucker Oliver like
playing Jersey Shore kids are such tools
good their hair and their tan so gay but
they fuck hot girls every night I wish I
could fuck hot girls whatever they
should get by you smarter than a 5th
grader no I'm not kiddin I mean hakken
so what's this hot lesbian milfs 1995
seems kind of steep whatever knows is
boring or watch some real porn that fat
fat fatty viewport iPad porn double porn
whoo alright what was that watching
again nobody's here
The Bachelorette Oh what are you getting
rid of him for it was the only one that
listen to your feeling sex
p90x I want to get ripped maybe girls
will find me physically attractive which
had someone to cuddle with you cuddle
with me won't you get in it in any back
to sports
yeah everyone should stay out of living
room for a while
bet you thought I was never gonna make
this video did you guess what today's
it's where me second birthday happy
birthday silver unicorn
they say I'm - do you feel any different
today nothing that is enough so now
we're gonna go get some chicken
Oh what's chicken chicken who said
chicken but Bible loves chicken is not
your birthday though your birthday was
on June 5th why is everyone so sleepy
we're gonna go get some chicken and then
we're gonna have a chicken dinner
herm√®s gonna blow out his candles yeah
we're gonna sing him a heavy birthday
Judi silver unicorn Today Show subscribe
to our channel for new videos every
Wednesday and I'm a sub unicorn and look
at me hey I respect you this is crazy
my date is curb it gotta please have
some chicken alright then we'll see you
next week I'm gonna go celebrate bean -
yes a real good boys we don't have
spider-man so we'll say plug I ain't get
any meaning in there
alright - next week back
