what's up Mobile's this shirt is like
Darth Vader walking curvy so I guess you
could consider today's video as part two
of confusing messages that I got from my
television as a child Disney movies
being part one I want to talk about what
kid shows taught me because I feel like
I learned a lot of things that now don't
make any sense to me I tried to keep all
these examples as sort of classic things
that we would all know even if you
didn't watch them growing up at least
you know what I'm talking about so
without further ado here are some shows
that I watched as a kid that I'm fucking
confused about first I want to talk
about is the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles you know how much I love Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles there are some
things here that just don't really add
up Ninja Turtles taught me that not only
is it completely 100 percent acceptable
to live in a sewer but then it's cool
and that you should want to too and that
there's no like water and poop pee and
like gross garbage shit that's usually
in a sewer it's like nice and furnished
and you can get fucking pizza delivered
to your sewer apartment and that they
have electricity can someone please
explain that to me and all of a sudden
they're electricians so they're
teenagers they're Mutant Ninja Turtles
and they've somehow wired their fucking
sewer apartment to have electricity I
don't think so
I also don't fully understand why anyone
wants to fight with them you got four
fucking mutants they all lift up
300-pound manhole covers just to get
into their house every day now you give
them all weapons I don't know why I
didn't wanna fuck with that 300 pounds
that's fucking a lot like I don't want
to mess with anyone that can lift up 300
pounds with their bare hands fuck that
pretty sure that puts them on the very
top of list of people I do not want to
fight ever they also taught me that it's
okay to eat pizza all day every day not
true and that pizza in real life looks
nothing like the gooey delicious cheese
that is in the tangerine ninja turtles
your pizza in real life will never look
and taste as good as theirs looks and
tastes just about a lifetime of
disappointment Power Rangers taught me
how to be fucking racist and this is a
well-known fact lacquer
black-yellow ragers asian and who's the
strongest power ranger the fucking white
dude I mean they should have gone as far
as naming the Black Power and your
fucking coat the Kinte and yellow Ranger
is the only one that could do martial
arts it's got the power of noodles not
scratch that the Yellow Ranger since
she's a chick should be in the kitchen
with the pink ranger doing martial arts
and making sandwiches for everybody and
the yellow Rangers day job is given
fucking massages and manicures
I watched her racist ass show is the
fucking kid OOP Captain Planet taught me
that somebody always gets the short
stick in life I mean just think about
their powers earth wind fire water heart
question mark the kid got fucking
screwed that's not a power here's all my
friends with these tangible cool fucking
powers and I get heart fuck you it's
like the people that made that show knew
it too because he's the only one with a
pet monkey sidekick like mole this kid
clearly we got nothing here so let's
give him a monkey that makes up for it
right I do you might as well just giving
them all airplanes and this kid's got a
fucking bike ready go DuckTales taught
me that contrary to logic if I jump off
of a diving board into a room full of
coins that I will not break every bone
in my body and then in fact I'll be able
to swim around in it like it's fucking
water okay but more importantly than if
I ever make a bunch of money what I
really should do is go to the big take
all of that out and coins and fill up an
entire room in my house because that
makes fucking sense
who needs things like cash and credit
cards when you can just have a sack full
of fucking change that you fill up every
day before you leave from your giant
room of coins Popeye taught me that I
can get power by eating spinach but that
I can also have a pipe in my mouth every
day here's my question I think we all
assumed that it was like pipe tobacco in
there but how do you know that wasn't
crack or meth the spinach isn't giving
him the power it's the fucking crack
he's smoking all the time I mean maybe
for being technical about time periods
opiates like sometimes he even puts his
spinach in his
I been eats it through his pipe come on
everything makes a lot more sense now
pop I also taught me that if I really
fucked up face and like a permanent like
stick guy all the time some skinny hot
bitch is still gonna like me probably
because he's her drug dealer that's why
she's so skinny he's giving her free
fucking drugs all the time while we're
on the topic of drugs brendan Stimpy
taught me to never do them and that's
all I learned from that show x-men
taught me how dumb young girls are and I
was a young girl at one point but at
least I know it was never as dumb as
Jubilee how many times did that bitch
fuck everything up for everybody like a
million I'm gonna go do blah blah blah
no Jubilee stay here you're too young
and then she goes anyways and she fucks
everything up and someone's got to come
save her and fucking clean up the giant
mess that she made by being a dumb idiot
know your role Jubilee okay consider
yourself an x-men intern and go sit the
fuck down
until someone asks you to do something
already taught me the dinosaurs are your
friends don't get me wrong I love
dinosaurs but don't you find that just a
little bit suspicious
okay then how come there's no kid show
about the friendliest great white shark
or fucking bury the zombie let's go hang
out bury the zombie after school seems
fine like Dory should be on To Catch a
Predator the literal version like have a
seat right over there Barney so you're
telling me that you're not gonna eat all
these children because you just came
here to sing songs and learn finding
that hard to believe
what were you planning on doing with
those razor-sharp teeth and your
appetite for fucking people hmm
I didn't learn anything from Teletubbies
show is a clusterfuck except whose baby
is that in the Sun I can't find my baby
hey don't worry he's just up in the Sun
fucking burning to death
Sesame Street taught me to fall in love
with these characters that I thought
were real because I saw them interacting
with celebrities and I found out that
they're just controlled by people's
heads
but they're not real
Tom and Jerry taught me that if you
don't like someone you should spend all
of your time with them I really having a
hard time understanding why one of them
just doesn't move out it's not like they
have a lease tom is clearly someone with
pet cat so he should be able to stay
Jerry you're a fucking mouse you live in
a hole in the wall get the fuck out you
broke in here and there's someone here
that you can't stand so find another
fucking house to dig a little fucking
hole in and live there get out and
lastly picking the brain taught me that
I apparently liked them so much that I
would eventually grow up to get dogs
that look exactly like that that's right
so as you can see I'm just having a hard
time being an adult looking back and all
the things I learned because it's
fucking confusing I'm confused I don't
know what to believe
you can't subscribe to our channel
because we make new videos every
Wednesday what are we gonna do today
mobile say if they were to ever die
curve it try and lick each other's dicks
birthday buddy
vitamin finally say to me I'll say it
next week okay but Oh
