what are you doing
don't mic just go for a little ride with
you that's alright no dude you can't
just invite yourself places oh come on
it'll be fine
no it won't get out of dehl alright well
see you later then
no I won't see you later well that's
what you think the fuck are you doing
what are you working on for you know a
little embarrassed Olli yeah beerus i'm
going to the bathroom do you mind if I
join you sure you have a little chat
they've been so down lately no you can't
get got here Dell oh why but you need a
wax fucking Dell Wow
did looks like just went to the grocery
store right how did you even get in here
doors open I let myself in you won't let
yourself out Dell you can't just drop
over here eat stuff out of my fridge
come on go get out alright you want to
keep this dog really hungry the fuck
want me to wash your back for you you
don't get all in your nooks and crannies
no I don't get the fuck out doctor movie
yet oh hell no Adele that again get it
the fuck out almost Ranka I got a few
part make a nice night of it
I didn't answer come on can't just turn
up out of the blue uninvited and hang
out with us
oh please get the fuck out door now go
Dell's to tell us a bedtime story what
joy my bed fucking out here I hear oh
come on
alright we're gonna stay you want out to
stay all right Adele stay with you
goodnight easy though so silly huh uh
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we put out new videos every Wednesday
and sometimes we hug each other and
Bibles as a care because marbles is in a
bad mood it was a few upstairs alone ha
ha good video is it been he's meager
pete is very creaky did I kiss your
belly Oh
kiss your belly nice nice pink lipstick
on his belly oh you did legen you get
lipstick on my belly cuz then you
scratch my belly say bye bye spider-man
till next week bye
