I'm not going to be getting drunk but
might as well have a glass of wine you
know plan hey guys welcome back to my
sadly realistic portrait of what a 30
year old lady's life is lish you're
still excellent lady why you guys have
been tweeting me pictures of things that
you would like me to do mostly to my
face apparently that's all I am it's
just a face to glue things on but I
realized that a lot of them were
actually sort of like face painting
which I've never done before so I went
out and I bought this very fancy kit of
grease paint which I tested and just
seems god-awful quality but I picked
three looks that you guys tweeted me
that I'm going to try to create with
some safety and or makeup and I think it
looks fun and funky and I want to try it
oh yeah are you okay this is when a
grown woman does in her free time she
has a glass of wine and she buys the
same fanuc every little thicker than it
what's so funny you left a little too
hard at me pepper but otherwise talking
away
why does that yes not no nothing wrong
what was there working up to the first
list that I'm going to create was this
picture that someone tweeted me of
someone turning their mouse into an
eyeball which I feel like I can handle
except I was reading these instructions
listen to this it says warning do not
use red pink yellow or orange in the eye
area can I use blue yellow or green on
the lip bitch this is face paint why is
any of this not safe for some part of
your face just know that I'm putting my
life at risk for you for us
what's our love on drew so they gave me
this face white color which I'm gonna
put all over it so I make my eye like a
little bigger I have like little lid so
I can't just like make it the size of my
lips girl ain't nobody buy that little
ass
so I don't watch any tutorials I don't
know how to do this I'm literally just
looking at the picture and trying to
create something magical peanut butter
and crack sandwiches so of course this
kit came with these messy little sponges
in here I'm gonna use a brush like a
fucking adult
we're just gonna dip into this black
here squint at me wait oh my god it's
not looking like an eye at all okay
clown mouth looks like a sad clown mouth
I hate the Internet
what am I doing wrong and I don't have
enough lips to do this girl look right
you will be really thirsty
Thanks okay so we got to make one side
like the wing and lashes the old man I
think I did too many laughs let's talk
okay my hairy like shit hey you know
it's really isn't off to a great start
really oh my god does it look like an
eye or not it actually does second eye
with a hole in it
it lacks all of the detail that makes
this one good with hologram ones in the
future
hold on it looks what you did like
colored pencils honestly it's probably a
fake picture I look like I know every
move to the industrial bin
I mean so far face painting is not my
forte it's my third eye it's just
reversed
thump ah ah that's your pastor get
America out of town can't win them all
thanks coach winsome looks like that so
the next face painting that someone
tweeted at me was actually a picture of
this but I asked surely in a TV willing
to participate and he said no I'm not
shaving my beard good news is all right
so lucky I found this picture which
allows me to accomplish that in one face
so I think what we got to do
I get two white on here so I'm trying to
figure out the order of operations here
without watching anything don't feel
like it but I think maybe put on the
like colors and then outline it you know
oh there we go looks very great okay so
then he has like a pin that goes up here
and it actually looks really really
fucking cool that's not even bet it even
bet orange is no work is too pale
because I am the color of that I try
like a pink yeah baby
she low-key thick me this shit is cutest
fuck you still can't exactly tell what's
going on it's like if you saw me like
bitch what about this says blowjob to
you this is a fucking lady out here
trying to paint my face you're actually
pretty good we're good you're gonna
monument not good at makeup love
interjecting oh no the kissing your your
elbow mental picture ah
turn to your right you know what right
uh sure right okay now I'm gonna get oh
that's terrifying looks like marble do
the other way yeah yeah that's kind of
it us I'm switching this way you tasting
to crave us kissing and our mouths are
fed employers but you're watching if you
saw me
cool kind of joke sorry I have a hamster
died without go in tomorrow I feel like
I need a car into my three looks
terrifying from what I can see from here
I just I look like very Harvey then cool
they nasty a little bit real fish don't
put the blue on your mouth are you
wearing off yet do you like you or not
you take me a day Lisa yeah where would
you take me see you Marian good sweetie
aquarium like this I love fish they
think that you're my carer you like ela
takes care of Ethan and you're sure
you're my care I'm trying to use coconut
oil to take this off for you okay it
died my skin last picture someone
tweeted it need to do to my face it's
quite possibly the most extra shit I
have ever seen look at this go what is
you don't okay I'm gonna do it I don't
think I have enough space here to create
another I like how she looks at you so
much space did you shave the verb to
shave like up to here I think it'll help
me to do the hair so she's like this
that is not a face of it I but she look
look at fucking sideways hold on not
even in line my own secretary straight
yeah let's click on eyebrow make it
backwards well that should fire though
backwards brow it's going to catch on no
that's too much bro
Wow like a ski that good
that was legitness yeah how's that
let's give this bitch a little bit of
blush on her cheeks oh I see
she's just a tiny fit let's give us a
liquid I'm okay I'm gonna do her mouth
there's an approach right there oh my
god oh my god watched it fucking crawl
in I'm gonna die oh my god no I gotta
get out I'm fucking triggered your work
cockroach legs because we can't find it
alright let's give her like a beautiful
red lip she does kind of look like me
alright Julian
hey girl in me how you doing
oh yeah obviously like this is my uncle
don't kiss oh my god okay I'm getting
like so disoriented sharing on the side
my hi hahaha mr. little Batman logo we
look good are you the art police what's
her name her favorite twerp old portable
tor pole for Torpy do you not understand
our EVPs are you doing oh my god no no
is Oh II come give to our full of kids
oh hell yeah cuz I got me a new man well
I have to go because that's not only
fucked my face up but there is a
cockroach often I have somewhere and we
gotta burn it down time for the house
Angela can we sleep tonight
Oh oh my god I'm not gonna be able to
sleep for old whore vault massacre you
got tweeted the pictures of me so I did
them and I hope they're pleased with
yourselves make sure you subscribe to my
channel I'll put on a movie with their
sisters it I'll see you guys next week
is torkoal your new girlfriend she
literally and figuratively Misaki o6y
walks hamster on a leash no I'm not
embarrassed I'm just painting the face
from fish that I painted on it because
I'm Jenna I'm sorry I have a hair shirt
up that's all in tomorrow
