whoa guys want to talk to you about
something today so hip-hop and rap music
kind of get a lot of shit for you know
glorifying money and drugs and violence
or sexualizing and degrading women and I
understand that argument and there's a
lot of interesting literature on the
topic if you're interested reading it
but because I see the world with a pair
of fucking rose-colored glasses on all
the time I wanted to share with you all
the awesome things that I've learned
from hip hop that I wouldn't have
otherwise ever known so if you're not a
fan of rap music or hip-hop music then
you're probably not gonna know what any
of this means that's cool you can just
zone out but for those of you that are
genuine fans like I am hope we can share
these feelings together fucking
knowledge explosion that without further
ado here all the positive things I've
learned from rapid hip-hop music and I
hope you feel the same way first of all
Lil Wayne taught me that if you're
drowning in the pussy you can just swim
to the but I didn't know that hear I was
drowning in the pussy not knowing that I
could save myself
I don't like drowning so let's all just
swim to the but problem solve bitches
ain't shit but hoes and tricks so by
default if you are not a bitch to begin
with duh that doesn't really apply to
you so you're good Cisco taught me that
having dumps in your truck is a very
desirable thing that's fucking great
news I got mad dumps in the truck and
you know what I do lots of lunges to
keep those dumps in the truck body image
boost it Nicki Minaj taught me that
starships were meant to fly
I got fucking clue what starships are so
I'm gonna take your word for that but
I'm glad that I know that they're meant
to fly ace hood taught me that he maybe
gave a damn but he never gave a fuck not
a single fuck was given by ace hood and
those are two very different things
dams and fucks you can give a damn but
you cannot give a fuck
pitbull taught me that Kodak does in
fact rhyme with Kodak sir mix-a-lot
taught me that I can only be 36-24-36 if
I'm 5/3 which I'm not so I should keep
eating that's awesome ah Koval how you
doing honey I taught me that not only is
ham delicious but you can go it I mean
this just opens up endless possibilities
what else can you go can you go steak
can you go
cheese can you go pork about to go fish
fuck I'm so hungover
Drake taught me that he can make my
pussy whistle challenge accepted jay-z
taught me that I don't need room service
I just need snacks and shit that's gonna
save me a ton of money next time I
travel jay-z also told me that my
shoulders are fucking filthy and they
need to clean that shit up because
ladies is pimps - Lil Wayne told me that
having long hair is not something I
should care about thank you I've already
adopted that theory I just let this shit
do its own texture I don't care about
you
Krishan taught me that only basic
bitches wear Gucci Louis Fendi and Prada
that means I'm complex as fuck Drake and
Lil Wayne taught me maybe she won't but
then again maybe she will do you know
what that means that means it's my
choice if I want to hop up on that dick
and do a full split not yours
I like having choices Jamie Foxx taught
me to just calm down for a second all
right blame it on the alcohol that alone
eliminates a lot of things that I was
concerned about before that shit's not
my fault that goose had me feeling loose
big-timers taught me I can't pay my rent
cuz all my money spent that's okay you
know why cuz I'm still fly that shit
makes me feel good when I'm sad
police taught me that my milkshakes
bring all the boys to the art I'm just
kidding I still have no idea what that
means
Lil Jon taught me to snap my fingers and
do my step and I can do it all by myself
you know fucking empowering that is I
need you I do by myself thanks Tupac
taught me that should I ever die
a tragic and untimely death I can come
back as a hologram fucking sweet now
I'll Cool J and JLo taught me that if I
don't know what to do at the end of a
song or in this case the video I can
just go this is a this is a zoo zoo zoo
zoo zoo zoo says is a does sssss sssss
so next time you're around someone that
maybe doesn't see all the positive
things that I see in my favorite genre
of music you can just put on your
rose-colored glasses and be like hey man
you're wrong okay you're dead wrong
choose to see the positive in life we
make new videos every Wednesday on my
channel that you can subscribe to or not
so see you next week so many wieners
everywhere
I bet me my underspending man cream will
stop he's knocking my whole computer
over what all right day later bye
