a mini show pony devil dougie are you
doing yes I am wearing it Forever Lazy
today why cuz I'm a fucking adult and I
dress myself accordingly so this might
be like the dumbest video I've ever made
and I've made a lot of dumb videos I'll
be the first to admit that this is
certainly the most immature video I've
ever made I know some of you probably
like what the fuck is this not the first
time you've ever logged on to my channel
and been like what the fuck is this
happens more often than not so couple we
still my friends were in town visiting
so we went to like the gag gift store
got this thing it's a fart machine right
and it has a little remote and put some
batteries in there I'm sorry and we
found out that the dogs were terrified
of the fart machine and before everybody
goes all like oh you're so mean that's
so mean like I'm gonna call fucking PETA
we space these out over a couple weeks
like one because it's kind of mean and
two because they would catch on and then
they wouldn't they wouldn't think it was
scary anymore so for all of you that are
so concerned about me scaring my dog's
with a fart machine I'll just have you
know after about a minute of it they're
like I know that makes a farting sound
I'm over it a dog getting scared by a
fart is not gonna kill them okay
I bet your actual butt scares your dog
as much as the fart machine
does ok so just get off your high horse
so here are some clips of me scaring my
dog's with a fart machine
use me booboo
you
he said if my machine doesn't bother me
that much ray screaming oh I already
know what that is we're gonna go snuggle
and stuff are we you make sure you
subscribe to our Channel I'm a
pragmatist we make new videos every
Wednesday right yeah I'm sorry buddy
sometimes you just have to play some
practical jokes on your dogs and then
laugh at them brings you closer together
nor I'll see you next week
buddy spider-man I see your calf
spider-man it's looking beefy been
hitting the gym me too not by
