hey there friendship where say anything
I know what you're thinking guys that
girl in the Internet look like the bad
guy in The Da Vinci Code I mean answer
to that is because I wanted to show you
something that I can't find on the
internet anywhere which means that it
needs to exist maybe it does exist but I
didn't look that hard if you're ordering
while I'm speaking quietly it's because
there's people sleeping in my house I
think who are they no one ever really
talks about how hard it is if you go
like day drinking and then everyone's
like all right yeah rally in a few hours
and then let's go out how fucking
impossible it is to put makeup on and
get ready when you're drunk so dark
snake is an accurate video I started as
if I went to the beach or something no
makeup I'm gonna get drunk and I'm gonna
teach you all the tips and tricks of how
to put your fucking makeup on your
camera so first thing I gotta do let's
get drunk I'm gonna be drinking what
everyone always drinks when their day
drinking what the fuck ever Law and
Order SVU drinking game living room now
thing you have this like stuff going on
in your neck I mean say you're drunk
because your skins like well if you have
something floating in your drink then
you know you're ready seriously what's
in my drink aliens still gonna drink it
here's a helpful life tip stand by
things that are white because it makes
you look less white hmm I think I got to
drop shipper
you're gonna want to go to sleep fight
that urge I don't recommend washing your
face because you might drown make sure
that your skin is ready for your makeup
by flapping it are you ready you ready
okay already make it look like your skin
is not so angry to you for your bad life
choices
no but have yourself a fucking
foundation soda make your face look like
a different face by piling on
like the obvious makeup you can find and
do it with some kind of brush that
doesn't judge you it's okay if you can't
see what you're doing because even if
your eyes are open you can't see what
are you doing make sure you get on your
neck to where it shows how drunk you are
because the faster you did it like this
the better it comes out if you can't
move your brush good just move your face
so you don't have time for a concealer
we have time for powder for when you
start crying later about how some boy
doesn't like you so in my opinion if
you're going out drunk use some dark
ass-fucking colors it's the most
unforgiving right and if you fuck it up
people are just gonna be like oh she's
drunk she like fucked up her makeup and
you're like ha ha joke's on you I did it
like that so you might as well go bigger
go home because fucking Jesus Nell will
send me this drunk you're gonna pick out
a bull outfit and you use some bold face
to go with your bold outfit and you
don't you only do your makeup like this
because you're sad on the inside so you
know you do first is that you just make
sure that your eyes are there I like to
do is just take I don't have a mirror I
just like to take the liquid eyeliner
take one little baby step and now you
commit it there's no turning back you
got the black then you just wanna put
some shit and your shit come back you
realize that you're using blush as your
eyeshadow and that that's a mistake it
happens okay just blend it out what's
this the darkest color I got yeah get it
on there
you can't live wife fucking half-assed
you gotta close your eye get that shit
on there this isn't a good brush whose
fault is that not mine it's yours it's
not my fault that's your fault
you need to figure your life out you got
one job and you suck at it brush imagine
that your eyeshadow it was like a
delicious
fucking spinach artichoke dip right who
doesn't love that go go slow if you have
to does it get stuck in your eyeball it
doesn't have to be perfect because
you're already perfect just the way you
are a good way to clean up your
day-drinking face i shadow imagine that
you're your own like carrot judging you
all what did I do
look at you you're such a fuckup like
that perfect awesome no see how much
better looks because you're already
drunk I wouldn't necessarily recommend
tools like this but you know take some
risk it moving around and you face me
times get used to it okay good good
nothing nothing Bad's gonna happen what
could possibly go wrong here
that's like watch this I don't even need
a mirror oh but I was right man yeah
let's go what's going on like a bathing
suit hey buddy
perfect music gone sounds like oh dude
get off you're like no no I put it there
alright it emphasizes my irises but one
thing you should concentrate on is just
getting some lashes on dear male species
when was the last time you glue
something on your face well Jenna love I
do this all the time so when you just
have a little bit of glue on there just
let it drive like no time I'm sticking
my face I have no concept of time are
you doing perfect awesome
just get amazing don't look as good as
possible getting bet you gotta get your
eyebrows on this is the time when you
can afford to take a break just feel
like you know what I know where my
eyebrows are okay you gotta get inside
Waterland this is the hardest part ready
think about baby jury Oh doesn't prove
it and then you realize that you you
picked a turquoise
so that's your gimmick try really hard
not to let your eyelids get stuck to
your eye it's not right it's just not
right it doesn't look right make sure I
look all crazy
get your blush and bronzer up in here
who's gonna yell at you for having extra
bronzer on your face nobody do I have a
beard or was I just not paying attention
open to interpretation most important
places to get with your bronzer here
here and here you've already got a
natural glow kind of cuz you're drunk so
just make it like way more intense
everybody loves someone that's so red in
the face are you embarrassed
no I'm just excited to be here I'm
normal I swear do you want my pony max
we'll get some lip liner it doesn't
matter what color it is cuz you're gonna
blend
okay you're gonna blend it don't let the
scare you just shut off your drunk brain
for one second my sober brain is gonna
make sure that I show up so wherever
we're going
looking regular you choices of look on
our coochie Oh trick ho shit don't
forget to put that ho gloss over it and
then if all of a sudden you realized
that this is totally wrong just
problem-solve after this the only thing
you have to worry about is making sure
that you act sober enough to get into
wherever you go I might as well be
asleep right now cuz I probably look
better but you know what I gave it all I
got I gave a for effort this is this is
a pretty good look you asked me up close
you're like what the fuck far away
you're like ya know get off my big and
far away you're like this video make
sure you subscribe to our channel we put
out new videos every Wednesday my hands
may or may not be down my pants right
now this is a real action
