what time I grew into an adult and it
really sucked so I wanted to tell you
all about it here we go we I hate being
a grown-up oh and the fucking mortgages
where I hate being a grown-up no I have
to do dishes I hate being a grown-up no
seriously like where did all these
fucking dishes come from hey being a
grown-up zero taxes remember when you
were little kid thought it'd be so cool
to grow up yeah we were brainwashed this
shit fucking sucks Wow my sheets are
dirty this ought to fix it right oh the
bathrooms dirty 2pac not gonna clean
that shit take the garbage out yeah I
don't wanna what if I just smush it down
like this that's much better
I hate being a grown-up Oh div I hate
being a grown-up I'm gonna light my
bills on fire I hate being a grown-up my
friends are getting married I hate being
a grown-up why don't you walk yourself
oh you just had a baby congratulations I
looked at pictures of cats today yeah
and I dye my hair purple and we're a
ninja turtle backpack law school Wow I'm
gonna go get drunk
cuz that's the only cool thing you can
do as a grownup lol sadness I hate being
a grown up
the dentist is so expensive I hate being
a grown-up even my vagina has so doctor
I hate being a grown-up look
just said vagina I hate being a grown-up
and now I'm gonna say penis Wow what's
for dinner oh yeah that's right she
doesn't worth here I'm a nightmare fuck
mom my laundry oh god damn it I have to
do all these things by myself doing it
son of a bitch
Oh Kermie look at your blonde hair yeah
that's something miles is the oldest one
here Bibles us almost 28 years old in
dog years are you pushing him don't push
your brother make sure you subscribe to
where Chiara we put out new videos every
Wednesday okay bye kermy kermy has
things to do because he's a grown-up not
I know I Bible lots to do watch this
that was you wanna go for a walk easy I
was so mean and those you pulled my
collar I mean right now let's go all
right well see you next week
say bye light in a mirror oceans okay
bye bye mumbles show everyone your
wiener Oh
just kidding I'm coming with my tail I
tricked you oh you're too smart okay bye
my
