Wow nitros can you read no you carry
how's your life today
good yeah so it's good so if you guys
are anything like me I have this
horrible relationship with food it's
like this love/hate going around in a
circle Chris Brown and Rihanna kind of
shit I love food I love macaroni and
cheese and I love everything delicious
like Lady Gaga's Bad Romance isn't about
a guy at all okay it's about fucking
cakes about being that that abusive
relationship with delicious things that
you want to eat but you don't want to
eat them and then you eat them and then
you don't eat them and you just I can't
win so I'm pretty sure I'm not alone in
this boat but you know just in case your
burning desires or ever wondering how
this goes this is how a diet works
promise myself the diet starts today so
we're gonna have a salad looks so yummy
nothing like a hot delicious salad
really great man am i stuffed fucking
starving don't you dare bitch you made a
promise I'm gonna drink this whole glass
of water
oh yeah it's making me so full hmm
think about how your underwears getting
too tight Sal bag Sal bags think about
how your socks are cutting off your
ankle circulation Google pictures of
skinny girls all my legs are never gonna
do that I'll just eat this piece of
invisible pizza mmm I can have a little
snack right just a couple nuts okay a
couple more no stop it you can do it
Jenny you can do it yeah how did this
get in my mouth oh yeah how did you get
here no I don't want it I don't want it
yes I do I already ruined my diet can't
do anything right fuck it whoopsies I
have to help you hey Kai get six
cheeseburgers large fry okay get a
McChicken sandwich and that's a Caesar
salad better evens it out thanks these
are for my kids Epic Meal Time
oh stop sign don't move and they won't
see the cheeseburger yeah we're rich
right
I'm so mad at myself could always start
my diet tomorrow it'll be different
tomorrow I swear kind of hungry again
yeah something like that and then repeat
every day yeah Kearney says I can eat
whatever I want I always stay skinny
because I'm a Greyhound fuck you
make sure you subscribe to my channel
and put on new videos every Wednesday
but you can only subscribe to our
channel if you like giraffes that makes
no sense ok bye bye spider-man bye bye
my ball is upstairs okay is it a sweet
thing yeah they want to say
