oh hey today I want to talk to you about
how to get boys to like you because I
look like a giant dumb whore you
probably think I know all the secrets
and I do if you don't have time to watch
this whole video just so the quick
method is to put his dick in your mouth
maybe the balls
however the quick method won't make him
actually like you it'll just make them
like your mouth same thing goes for your
butthole and vagina those things are a
dime a dozen so if you wanted to like
you for longer than it takes her image
view is baby gravy all over you then I
suggest the long method if this is
someone you're eating for the first time
make sure you tell them all about
yourself how many kids you want to have
I want four and I can't wait to get fat
me whatever I want an uncomfortable
story about your childhood my ass all
used to touch me and above all else make
sure you get way too drunk to calm those
nerves I want three love shots that you
light on fire
nothing says call me later quite like
puking up your Caesar salad on him if
you somehow managed to hang out with him
again probably cuz you scared him make
sure you talk about all the things you
have in common although it's not likely
that you have anything in common because
all your interests include oh my god
choose God mom oh my god I'm mostly C's
tail or you can force your common
interests for example guys love sports
to make him like you you don't have to
actually like sports you can just read
espn.com or listen to 30 seconds of
SportsCenter and regurgitate it verbatim
to him LeBron James had 24 points and
nine rebounds and six turnovers in 41
minutes against Indiana basketball this
makes him and all his friends think
you're just one of the guys she really
knows her shit another thing guys really
like is when you steal something of
theirs and never give it that because
they love when you have it when he's not
around guys love when they hear from you
to tell them how much you're thinking
about them just heard our song on the
radio ass ass ass ass ass when he
doesn't touch you back that just means
you want you to keep texting him one for
three question mark and call him where
are you
post on his Facebook wall I missed our
talks when tweet at him I thought we had
something real message him on Facebook I
guess I was wrong
accidentally bump into him somewhere cuz
you celery checked in on Facebook or
Foursquare oh my god I didn't know
you're gonna be here and if he hasn't
responded just make sure you swing by
his house I know we live I like your new
curtains
text him too so he knows you're there I
could see your fucking car I know you're
home stop ignoring me whose fucking
fucking car that follows Phil's just
tell him some awkward period stories
guys love that stuff because they can't
get a period the curiosity is killing
them this method of getting boys to like
you has worked for rational logical
women for centuries I mean if you can't
get a guy to like you doing all of these
things you might as well just get some
cats and call it quits don't forget to
hate man for the rest of your life oh do
you hear noises possum bubbles ah me
where in the fuck is my silver unicorn
oh you brought me a blue monkey what a
sweetness you know well skyman looks
like mr. birds excellent
make sure you subscribe to our Channel
we put new videos every Wednesday creepy
face don't run away okay bye
fine I know blue monkeys are just
calling you you gotta go you gotta go
you're hugging me thank you I appreciate
it but this is really weird I know okay
well I guess this is how it's gonna work
then alright I guess we'll see you next
week say bye spider-man let's wait a min
what the fuck okay bye
