is this how you want to sit okay hey you
are so funny Shh you look like you're
lounging where are you going so for
those of you that know me uh you
probably know that I love reality
television not all reality television
okay so I'm gonna makes me sick to my
stomach you can just go ahead and guess
which ones those are 16 and pregnant but
like for the most like the like game
style shows or people getting eliminated
and fucking each other over for money or
love or whatever I love those shows I
know someone has to have pointed this
out before like said something about it
before but the sounds the sounds on
these shows are fucking incredible my
favorite sound set on something like
this and that's not the exact one I look
everywhere to find I couldn't find it
but you know what I'm talking about and
they play it like whenever something
dramatic is happening or you're supposed
to be like oh but then all of a sudden
show started like taking it way out of
control and like every time someone
looks at someone else or there's like
anything happens is like and I'm sitting
on my couch thinking no that's that's
not dramatic at all unnecessary dramatic
sounds you're abusing your dramatic
noise powers stop trying to make me feel
something here I don't so it just
started making me think of all like the
power that that sound has over what you
perceive as dramatic so I want to try
and experiment I wanted to do some you
know dramatic things with that sound and
then some dramatic things with other
sounds to see how it feels feels good
okay so right now I'm going to show you
some things with the regular dramatic
sound none of them are gonna be dramatic
but like you know what you fucking use
your mind or some shit
I'm not gonna go sir sir why
now there's three bananas laughs you see
how ridiculous that is it's like they
can get away with using that song
because it's kind of subtle but now I'm
going to show you some equally as
dramatic things just with different
sounds and if they made TV like this how
fucking ridiculous it would be I did get
mail
see reality TV you can't trick me and
think something's fucking dramatic but
it's not nice try just because it
fucking sounds more epic cuz I make it
more epic just played some legit fucking
sounds over those clips did that make
them any more legit no I still put socks
on my hand and fucking put a hat on my
dog all I'm trying to say is don't don't
be fooled by that noise when they're
playing it on fucking like Real
Housewives like motherfucker guess what
nothing's happening because I played a
boat noise over my face doesn't make me
a boat face or does it whatever I've
made my point here make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put out new
videos every Wednesday and I do want to
acknowledge the Kony 2012 video that's
been going around in that whole movement
this is news to you and put the link in
the description if you don't know what's
going on you should check that out and
duplicate yourself and if it's something
you want to get involved with go ahead
and do that because being involved is
cool and being marble is awesome as well
ok it's time to go no rayker me where we
said goodbye it was so nice to see you
today and we will see you next week
say bye spider-man Oh am I gonna get a
kiss uh-uh now we are making out yes you
say check this out girl dogs this could
be your face I'll see you next week bye
fighting me but spider-man oh good yeah
ok
