whoa happy leap day marble you feel any
different no me either wait days just
like the Olympics because it comes once
every four years and that bitch
Tonya article is fuck's your shit up
that doesn't make any sense
last week I talked about things that
boys don't understand and a lot of you
were like duper - and I'm like maybe
some day now right now you could have to
wait for a motherfucker before you get
all pissed off of me I'll just have you
know that this week I want to talk about
things that girls don't understand about
boys and this is from a girl perspective
okay I'm not gonna draw on a mustache
today to do it I'm like legit gonna tell
you some shit that I just don't
understand and I'm not just talking
about like one guy like I haven't older
brother dad lived with Todd I lived with
so many guy roommates like this is legit
some shit I've seen across the board
that I just don't get first thing I
don't understand about guys involves the
TV weird channel surfing flipping
through channels fucking reading through
the TV Guide I know you can't read that
fast I've seen you read books it's like
fuckin Tuesday night at eight o'clock
like you know something awesomes gotta
be on and you're just fuckin flipping
away what are you looking for what do
you pick Oh sick fast and furious
Tokyo Drift is on started 45 minutes ago
perfect awesome
are you fucking kidding me no not sick
not awesome
I wanna fucking watch this seen it like
eight hundred fucking times why why do
you want to watch this you know what
happens they fucking drive cars the end
what's worse is when guys are hanging
out together like a weekend night or
something they're drinking having fun
whatever what are you fucking watching
Top Gun what like I cannot tell you one
time ever that I've like called up my
friends but like hey you guys want to
come over we'll sit around TV and drink
beers and watch fuckin mission
impossible 3 what sounds fucking sweet
I'll be right there
like I will literally watch any fucking
crap ass television show over a movie
that I've seen a hundred fucking times
somebody explain this to me I don't
fucking get it and along the same lines
whenever there's like a movie on TV that
you've never seen before that you want
to watch and you're like
sweet we'll just start watching it
started like fucking an hour ago no no I
don't know just get on Netflix to
fucking record it or some shit I can't
watch a movie from the middle to the
ends I want to watch a whole movie we
watch a movie gonna watch a movie where
I miss the fucking important ass
character development shit like a kid I
can't I can't I don't want understand
why do you want me to smell your farts
why is it that after you take a shower
you put your towel around your waist and
then you stay like that for like three
hours
fucking get your towel I just got out of
the shower I'm gonna go sit at my
computer and do shit oh I'm gonna read a
book I'm gonna fucking eat breakfast in
my towel like why nah dude I just want
to sit in my damp towel for the rest of
the day you know what I like to do after
I take a shower
fucking get dressed why is it that after
you take a shit you turn on the bathroom
fan which is fine except you leave it on
for the next two days now you're just
sitting around what's that noise oh it's
just the bathroom fan cuz you took a
shit yesterday why is it that every time
you shave your face you make a big giant
hairy fucking mess like if you shave
your face in the sink with water you
just leave your fucking hair all over
this think there's like a bar soap and
there's like your hair stuck in it
forever so every time I wash my hands
I'm like oh sweet here's just your
fucking hair and if you're like using a
trimmer and like you dry hair or
whatever you get it all over yourself
and then just fucking leave it doesn't
that defeat the point of shaving you're
equally as hairy now just in a different
spot why do you always ask me how long
you should microwave something for even
if you're holding something that has
directions microwaves directions on the
box so look should I put this in full if
I didn't give birth to you then it's not
my job to tell you how to be a fucking
grown-up and microwave shit I'm sure
that you can figure it out why do you
blast air conditioning when it's equally
as cold outside I'm fucking freezing why
the fuck do you sweat so much when you
sleep in why are you sweating so much
why do you put peanut butter in the
refrigerator shit has no
business being the refrigerator not it
makes it all hard and fucked up in and
can't spread it good okay
need to be done for now are you so tired
little gray goose make sure you
subscribe to our channel we make new
things that been Wednesday and Kermit
likes to sit like a baby doesn't you
look like Dobby right now Harry Potter
has presented Dobby with the sock Dobby
is free
Dobby is a free oh I'm sorry I'm not
making fun of you oh okay say bye
spider-man
that is vitamin I don't keep fucking
doing that it's like stupidest thing
ever okay good bye bye see you next week
whoa
