whoa here comes a wind a what's on your
face yeah it's a Google Goose go me to
Google you know so today I want to talk
about things that boys don't understand
and you know what already you might as
well just say that this is chapter one
because I could probably write a
dissertation about this that's right
even you you don't understand anything
except for bacon first thing boys don't
understand is how we get ready and not
like the how girls get ready in the
morning in the bathroom video I made
like how we get ready when we're going
out for a night of getting drunk this
shit is fucking sacred to us and we take
a lot of crap as it is getting made fun
of for taking forever to get ready and
whatnot but guess what if you gave me an
entire day to get ready I would use
every second of it you gave me two days
or a week to get ready I would use every
second of it why because I'm like you we
use our getting ready time is like this
very Zen thing it's like half the fun of
going out we learn this shit when we
were like 13 years old and we just
discovered like Cosmo magazine more like
why you can make a face mascot of stuff
from your fridge then we spend hours in
the bathroom why the fuck you think it
takes me so long to post video on
Wednesdays I mean my fucking bathroom
dicking around the longer you take to
get ready the better tonight you're
gonna have Bo y'all you're like light
some candles have a drink take a bubble
bath do your makeup your hair do your
nails read a book write a short story
play 30 games Angry Birds practice your
ass shaking it's all completely
necessary this shit is like sex to us
think of our getting ready process is
like foreplay right and the longer we do
for more likely we are to expletive
later so shut the fuck up about a taking
so long
I'd like to see your Neanderthal ass do
all of this in under an hour
drag queens I'll fucking tell you shit's
complicated and we don't like to be
rushed
can't get ready in a stressful
environment okay used to be peaceful as
fuck Casey fucking peaceful in here and
for girls that live with other girls
this process could take ten times longer
because then you got each other checking
each other's outfits and shoes and
Jewellery why do you think girls like
living with other girls cuz you just get
more closets to choose from right so
whatever you do to get ready please
fucking call a duty or like play with
you dick I don't know you go do that let
us do our thing all right along these
same lines another thing guys don't
understand is that we can't take a
shower like you can we have a lot of
fucking shit to do in that shower sorry
that we can't just scrub our head our
armpits in our ball sack get out in five
minutes
so when you're light you're gonna take a
shower and we got to be somewhere in
like 20 minutes don't act like I'm crazy
when I say no do you know how long it
takes to dry your hair
not to mention guys won't even
understand why we don't wash your hair
every day because it's not good for it
google it you're gonna go ball you can
go ahead and act like I'm crazy when I'm
80 years old getting my grass hair perms
and you're over there sitting with a
shiny dick head time I told you don't
understand here unless I just scored a
touchdown for our flag football team
don't slap my ass please it hurts when
you lay on my hair putting your dick in
my face doesn't make me want to suck it
all right it's getting out of control
for now but trust me a lot more maybe
I'll make part two someday make sure you
subscribe to my channel for new videos
every Wednesday don't we marvel yes and
you helped me and then you edit them
with your little hands and then you go I
don't understand
this video because I'm a boy i'm sorry
i'm joking marvel you're very smart
sometimes i really will see you next
week say bye bye spider-man
scary dark adhere the fuck
