sometimes when you're really awkward you
do awkward things so I'm gonna tell you
what I've been doing lately I've been
turning everything into a Land Shark
what's a land shark it's a shark that's
on land motherfucker if you want to turn
yourself into a Land Shark you're gonna
need a hand and if you don't have one
then you're fucked but you're gonna take
your hands and put it on your back like
a fin and now you're a Land Shark yeah
you're a land shark in the middle of an
awkward conversation nope not anymore
Land Shark
you'll never fucking catch me bitch if
you had any friends that you could turn
them into land sharks but you don't so
cry for a minute then turn your dog into
a Land Shark
Kermit land shark marble land shark now
I'm going to show you some pictures I
made Sneap Lynch shark hipster Land
Shark Apple Land Shark Christian Bale is
a Land Shark the guide from ancient
aliens is the Land Shark this is a saved
shark now it's a Land Shark the Eiffel
Tower is a landmark now it's a Land
Shark unicorns aren't mythical creatures
the horses dress up in Land Shark
costumes don't trust those motherfuckers
now put some helium in a giant air shark
watch it fly around laugh about it do a
plank on the ground as a Land Shark it's
so much cooler than regular play games
Land Shark
tree-bark what do you get when you put a
land shark with a Land Shark Jesus I do
land sharks have sex with each other
boners turtle backpack turtle land shark
apologize to your dog eat your feelings
land shark cry about the fact that you
made this video
Oh Land Shark he's a lizard oh I don't
know what to say about that well I was
in my brain and now it's on the Internet
once I thought of it I just did
something about it so I'm sorry if you
hated it but you can watch a cinnamon
challenge I upload yesterday because I
love you
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we put in different ways do ya okay you
say bye spider-man
he's caught up here oh I'm sorry
next week there's always next week okay
bye
