good morning sexual Oh weirdest boner
ever jiggle my opponent hang a towel on
my boat my boat are in the shampoo
bottle because they're small enough to
fit baby dick party cat that fits all my
hand
I wondered what oh god it's awful my
dick is still beautiful the next gun
show come at me bro what punch you in
the face who you calling gay I'm not gay
definitely not gay you're gay yeah
that's right oh not kidding but I like
butt sex hey should I shave today but
there's a terrible idea
panic maybe my sister's got some makeup
hair makeup the fuck do girls use
pencils for in the bathroom crossword
puzzles please work perfect
talk like Backstreet Boy tweet gotta get
so many bitches now why am i so hairy oh
yeah because I'm a me I know what you're
having for lunch pee and put her cock
sandwich alright I gotta get ready offs
weed for that think I broke a sweat
brain cologne all over my ball sack
smells like I'm gonna get you pregnant
30 minutes early as usual gonna be early
so you can't goggle my balls
sorry grandma that wasn't for you well I
mean unless you wanna no no that's gross
ah time to go so much fucking sweat ah
don't tell anyone I did that seriously
whoa it's kind of dark in here look it's
a bat wearing a mouse costume look it's
a grey kitty wearing a show pony costume
oh oh oh that was really cute mobile oh
my goodness mumble oh yes it's your nose
yes he's a so itchy yes I am so itchy of
my face I'm gonna itch my own face make
sure you subscribe to our Channel
marbles what are you doing he's staring
at me like a creep hey make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put on you
Gideon's FB Wednesday yeah are you so
happy
he says I'm tired today I just want you
to hug me you wanna go in my shirt yes I
do
would you like to come in here sir no I
just want to smell me okay well everyone
can see the back of your
right now yeah say bye spider-man
goodbye spider bad you can't see the
other one because he's over there oh man
I need to take a nap or something I'm
getting really weird even for me okay
see you guys next week bug
