good morning sexual oh my god I look
like a bag of smashed assholes
should I take a shower no I'm already
late gotta go catch a shower dance break
can't see you oh it hurts now he's
getting feel fine no make me excited
every morning
oh my god I'm so late need to go fast Oh
who's that
touch it don't touch it touch it don't
touch it ah inner turmoil focus for pace
go be time I hate vagina you're looking
dapper as always I need to get ready
distraction negativity PAH get it
together
oops wrong one skidding black face
that's racist Ghostface Killah ah fuck I
have ice tip rock spike oops well like
half my eyebrow problem solve no one can
tell no no yes double yes extra hairy
all the right places we're three soups
oops
teeny he watch out miss or I'm gonna
fuck you no no okay yes and that's how
babies are made
makeup getting everybody pregnant look I
gotta fix my hair in matte tamp side
braid that's genius
hey I went to college got a degree
inside dream fuck your face where have
you been getting drunk Wow Wow so much
money
oh fuck me always that toothpaste on my
shirt and twenty minutes late hey sorry
I'm running late a head to wash my cat
I'm a worst liar ever well Lisa looks
sexual peanutbutter trainee time oh I
see you wash I captured him make sure
you subscribe to my channel we make new
videos every Wednesday bye what are you
doing back there mud scup look at him
hey I'm a barbell that's a good one
others both of us we are going to put
what you just ran right over him that
was not nice at all now we are going to
go out a very very long walk so that the
doggies get very tired like that ah
ain't just joking baby you know I love
you yes I would never eat you okay
I'll see you next week hey buddy vitamin
high vitamin
yes okay we're going but like
