oh hey I didn't see you I was busy
blinding myself with my diamonds today I
want to talk to you about something that
should be number one on your priority
list since the most important things in
life how much money you make how other
people perceive you in your status in
society I'm going to talk about how to
trick people into thinking you're rich
when you do these things people
automatically assume that you're an
intelligent important responsible person
the first way to trick people into
thinking you're rich is with your
appearance for both girls and guys the
most important thing to do is to wear
name-brand designers and I'm talking
about the ones that are so expensive it
would only make financial sense for
someone that made millions of dollars to
wear them this lets people know that
you're also a millionaire even though
you may or may not be unemployed to most
effectively show off your extravagant
purchases make sure you take a picture
of it and put it on Facebook and Twitter
so that the people that can't see it in
person can see it online
hashtag ballin this should be fairly
easy for you to do because since you
live at home with your parents all
income is expendable income unemployment
checks can buy a surprising number of
Dolce & Gabbana items when people
inquire why a millionaire like you lives
with your parents some reliable excuses
are you're saving up to buy a house or a
condo you're really close with your mom
or you can just blame the economy
whatever you do don't let them know that
your need for material possessions
outweighs your desire for financial
independence you're only 25 your parents
are supposed to still pay for car
payments car insurance utilities cell
phone bills school loans if you went to
school health insurance groceries cable
and Internet I mean you're pretty
independent as it is you pay for your
own gas if you do have a degree make
sure after graduation you never get a
job that you perceive as below you to
try and make ends meet those mediocre
grades at that mediocre college gives
you at least $75,000 a year don't ever
settle for less it's much better to
collect unemployment checks and wait for
that job that you deserve when the
weekend rolls around instead of saving
money like you said you would make sure
that you go out and you can't just go to
that bar up the street to get drunk
because you're sad you have to go to
that big club but you can't just go
there like everyone else you need a VIP
table so that you can pop bottles it's
not a waste of hundreds of dollars at
all
you get a bottle of Grey Goose orange
juice and cranberry
and someone to pour it for you and you
get to sit in a little section all by
yourself even though you go down into
the club anyways another way to trick
people into thinking you're rich is by
taking several vacations a year and not
two places to travel or gain cultural
perspective but two places where you can
get drunk and pop bottles like you do at
home
but in a tropical climate it would take
most hardworking Americans a long time
to save up enough money to take a trip
like that and could probably only dream
of going somewhere like that for a
honeymoon
but they just don't know how to hustle
and grind and save money like you do and
if you still don't have everything that
you want from having all of your
expenses paid for make sure you get a
credit card or ten then you can have
everything you've ever wanted for the
low price of ten dollars a month that
will never swallow you up in debt for
the rest of your life and girls make
sure when you're dating you only date
men that are financially independent
that way by the time you've suckered him
into a relationship with you he can give
you the life you've pretended to have
this whole time and guys when the type
of girl who you attract from tricking
people into thinking you're rich dumps
you because she found out you're not
actually rich and that was the only
reason she liked you in the first place
because she also likes tricking people
into thinking she's rich you can just
call her a gold-digging whore and get
back out there and date another
gold-digging whore I mean what else are
you gonna do you gonna live within your
means and be financially responsible and
have people think you're a regular
person with a regular job no that's just
 stupid
oh it's a Mexican Chile you know moss
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we plant new videos every Wednesday yeah
muggles what do you think do you want to
go for a wal k1 over whoa what was that
oh oh I think that's a yes alright we'll
see you next week - advice fighting me
bye excited me bye find a man oh you see
stop showing my genitals and I'm your
bear Singh me okay no sorry I'll see you
next week bye
