oh sorry everybody lol up I took sino
t-shirt it doesn't formal but I'm here
to party but I got change I'm gonna look
fucking sofa it's so cool so I thought
I'd made this video in the past but look
back at my videos it turns out it did it
but I know I've like said it or written
it and my blog or something I don't know
I want to talk about today is about
creeps on the internet because this is
probably one of the most requested
videos for me to do people are like talk
about all the creeps on Facebook and
Twitter and people try to stock your
shit then and if you've learned anything
for my videos in the past you'd know
that when I finally addressed videos
that you request ya not gonna like it
because we're about to call you out
mother fucking first of all just off the
top I'm just gonna say I fully respect
and support everyone's right to stalk
others via the Internet now I'm going to
tell you why let's all just reflect in
on ourselves for a second shall we think
about all of your friends on Facebook or
Twitter Tumblr YouTube or people that
you follow or anything like that think
about it got it now think about how many
of those people you've never actually
met in person
if you're watching this video there's
chance that some of you have never met
me because I haven't met 12 million
people why do you follow celebrities on
Twitter why do you like their Facebook
pages why do you do anything on the
internet it doesn't involve you or like
your mom you see my sweet angel faces
that's where the answer is in there we
are all our own definitions of fucking
creeps
the reason social media is so successful
on the internet fucking Zuckerberg is
because people have this natural
curiosity about what other people are
like whether you know them or not this
fucking human nature it's like you get
to step into their private world and see
what they're like in their life stuff uh
then when you creep on something for
long enough you feel like you know them
like they're your friends that lives on
the Internet
104 internet Street like me for those of
you that were honest enough with
yourself during the last minute of this
video just want to say congratulations
for realizing it and bring
seeing it because you are looking at it
it's darker I'll be the first one to
fucking admit that shit see a hot girl
or guy on Twitter or Facebook and you
friend them or follow them and you don't
really know why dude you're just curious
you just want to know about their life
you just want to know them beyond them
there is nothing wrong with that and
girls for those of you that are
complaining about creeps when they post
on your Facebook and Twitter about your
pictures or whatever you need to just
shut the fuck up because for a guy to
say something like I want to gobble your
meat curtains like a saber-toothed tiger
maybe that's just his way of telling you
hey girl I think your vagina's sexual
instead of being on the stuck-up train
maybe you should get off and go
choo-choo thank you doesn't mean he's
actually them do it he just wants to be
sexual and compliment you in a creative
way that you didn't know existed that
doesn't make him a creep that just maybe
means that his line of appropriate is a
little bit different than yours we're
all different okay we got it
we gotta accept each other some of us
are just more sexual than others and for
those of you that complain about like
status updates and people write those
annoying like hey my lip or like
everything that they do they update
their status about if you had never
internet stalked that person at some
point or another you wouldn't know that
they're crazy
Zuckerberg did you a fucking favor you
should send him a damn fruit basket or
something cuz you almost dated that girl
we all the people of the internet just
need to accept and admit we're all a
bunch of fucking creeps we fucking love
stalking each other's shit endless hours
of fucking entertainment I love it
please everyone have some understanding
for these people that you keep throwing
the word creep at like you don't even
care about them they're a human too
it's a little bit more upfront with
their curiosity than you are we could
all just say I'm a creep you're a grape
we're all a bunch of creeps then we can
just creep on each other no one stop
just creep creep grape grape grape well
if I got five and remember that there's
a difference between internet stalking
and going someone's house and cutting
their skin off don't forget that support
make sure you subscribe to my channel
making videos it
wasting yeah oh you say we are so sleepy
and we love creeping on each other
usually sniff each other's dicks and
butts and farts and stuff yeah okay go
back over there and lay down lips okay
we're standing okay but hey that's bad
are you doing alright see you next week
say bye spider-man
twice fighting me bye kay bye
