oh come here Hoover see everybody lol
let this hat I got for Christmas so like
I said in my last video there were tons
of extras from the bounce that dick
music video that are so hilarious at
least at least I think so for those of
you don't know I usually put those like
extras and outtakes that way on my vlog
channel so if you've never seen those
before you welcome and I really wanted
to make like a best of 2011 or whatever
but my old computer for those of you
that have been with me now for the past
year um my computer would like explode
if they had too many files on it so
before I got an external hard drive
I would like delete all my videos so I
thought I had a bunch of omama external
hard drive but it turns out and so
instead of doing that I decided to edit
some of the extras from the music video
it's actually kind of a perfect thing
for me to do right now my family's been
in town all week for the holidays
visiting me my brother just got engaged
to his amazing girlfriend he's been with
for like six and a half years like she's
already family she's been she'd been in
the family duh but yes that was cool and
exciting and awesome um and my friends
are coming tomorrow to hang out for New
Year's yeah so I've had like a lot of
you know quality just hanging out with
my family time um and it's kind of feels
weird when you be like you guys we gonna
go make a video huh can you guys just
all entertain yourselves and I do want
to say one thing about 2011 OS is really
cheesy and ever annoys does this at some
point but um it's really important for
me to say because I love you I'm trying
to profess my love to you so just sit
there awkwardly and let it happen uh
2011 was really really awesome cool year
for me um I you know this time last year
I didn't really know what my life was
about and what I was gonna do and where
I was going and well I guess that's
still kind of true now but um you guys
from watching my videos have you know
changed my life this is this is like the
coolest thing that I could ever imagine
happening you know it just
make videos in your room alone and then
people laugh at them so I really just
want to say you know thank you for
watching my videos in 2011 and you know
we're gonna we're gonna move on to
another year and hopefully we will still
be lover friends and I'll make videos
and you can laugh for them or not you
know and doing a music video was so cool
and again I have to thank everyone that
did it with me because it's not
something I usually do and for those of
you that were like oh I love this do
more stuff like this don't worry I will
but for those of you that were like no I
like when you're sitting in your own
hang out with the dogs don't worry I'm
still gonna probably fucking do that too
as in like I'm doing it right now and
will continue to do it forever but it's
cool to do something different and try
new stuff and that was really exciting
for me so thank you guys for liking that
I guess um so I want to say a little bit
about the extras from this if if there's
one thing you're gonna see is how good
of a director Michael Gallagher is and
how hilarious he is a lot of this was
his like you know his brainchild so he
he came up with a lot of the breaking
the vegetables and things like that so
he I think would be considered a
professional director of telling people
to put fruit in their mouth or
vegetables in the mouth and in like
crime or I'm pretty sure that I could
watch these extras til a dad died and
still laugh at them so I hope you like
them and thank you guys so much for
everything this year it's been awesome
and I hope to see you in to take a pie
where me
you see you say see you next year you'll
see you next year
I am a silver unicorn and I want to be
snuggled forever uh okay you can have
you can have snuggle okay bye spider-man
bye bye see you next year
and action dance guys and Jenna
like a prison season here we go action
you're kind of crying a little bit to
say goodbye
yeah just thrust it you guys are just
thrusting it let's get you guys in up
let's get you guys an opposite motion so
Steve you go back and they go forward
and then yeah there you go
you guys are working it every morning on
your hole yeah and then like flap them
like bouncing like what you're doing
there you know Richard don't struggle
get up
and the real start on Dennis and their
way into it look at them put a so
alright so important you're really
balling on those bacteria and actions
intense really car bouncing so rich I'm
filming you right now so whatever that
is I'm not gonna be Lee I'm not going to
use the hat yeah I'm gonna get you food
Hey and just soon yeah twirl them and
then haven't like touched and stuff
Jesus this my rock fuck yeah bitch
fucking bitch fucking bit you already
inside of you today
slut habit yeah and ready boy
and then try and inch it into his mouth
this one has its rosy oh my gosh he did
awesome at this that is absolutely
average you're kind of like really
uncomfortable with it let's do one more
come on more uncomfortable
my face is all Andrews every Northport
points are actually done and Jenna look
at the camera while you're doing it
don't look at it just do that yeah
that's Jenna yeah there you go
so Richard look at the cucumber really
intensely like all this shit like bring
it towards his face like bring it away
and then bring it towards his face
action look at it really cries but
really remember
really balling and squish up
I think smashing on the Smashing of
material dad actually I'd like to
imagine that yeah look at it yeah there
you go quite it like ah you're angry
like I eat and I eat men for breakfast
yeah yeah look at the camera and he keep
looking back at him like lick it like
angry like you take it really intense
yeah
and Richard you're crying and then you
lick it well it horns lean backwards I
can actually wear this dogs just gonna
take gen make an intense like yeah good
meat you can make faces at the camera if
you want a real action okay there you go
and like wait I like right doing yeah
there we go
and because you're doing do that again
there we go actually and then Richard
and action
and chug Jenna you're like a ted-like
yeah that's right
pardon types of cheek chapters in a
cheese hard fried like now picks up and
then start dancing yeah exactly and
don't do anything weird Richard just
kind of do the name and you're coming
super says always yeah you coming so
that's like angry it's an angry angry
yeah just look angry while you doing
yeah look at them look in their eyes
ah
