yo I just want to let everybody know
that I've been told since the day I
first started growing boobs to shake my
ass well guess what my ass is fucking
tired of shit this time it's your turn
to listen your man junk for me I want to
see you shake you motherfucker beat it
bitch shot damn look at you with your
giant octopus got a handful of ones to
suspend a few flappers good
I'm kidding bitch I got bills to pay I
spent my money on myself but you can
shake it for me anyway dude knows I'm a
cheat that's short for a girl baby show
me what you're working with them make
that dick trail choppy I am I like talk
and shake it till it's all I want penis
there's a law in this bitch like Jersey
Shore bout your dick on the falls like a
motherfucking trampoline through the
same rules are watching shining up with
Vaseline
I don't give a shit that you think your
jet I work out - who got muscles not the
ones you just wanna see that kick bitch
I'm talking about your cock I don't give
a fuck baby don't say it in a Chuseok
you know that you like this song that
turn around pick it out and wiggle - all
your days
plop it all around better get your ass
home down to the ground
timber
better keep moving till she said stop
boys all the route shaking dicks in the
air like a bukkake porno goo in my hair
hey ching chong wing-wang shake it king
kong ding dong so i was racist I'm bad
at rap songs no I'm not a fucking
awesome and shit I'm over here I'm over
there I'm licking my own tits make that
penis real hard and I'll sign the check
wanna see you grow up like a bonus horas
rex shake it for me at lunch jumping
like it please I'll leave it cuz I love
the thicker Oni youichi shake a dick in
the car she can take on an airplane
everybody look out to toot economy
training
mopping it all around better get your
asshole down to the ground timber up
stop
hey I would just like to thank all of
you beautiful gentlemen for shaking your
Weiner pieces at me all day today it has
been a pleasure I'm just kidding
motherfucker
I see a big huge shout out thank you to
everyone that was involved with this
music video okay bye
um I was like yeah I wanna make this
video about bouncing your dick you want
to help me and people were like of
course we will help you nicely sweet
yeah super big shout out to Michael
Gallagher who shot and directed and
edited this whole video from totally
totally sketch and Michael Columbo my
Columbo before making the track and
supper hero sex for singing on it and
everyone else who came and let me
degrade them with food and things like
that I will put them all below so you
can check them out they're very very
funny talented people that were in this
video it's also on iTunes in case you
wanted to listen to it
more I promise I'll make you guys like
an extras video or two or three I don't
know there's a lot of footage because
the behind the scenes of this is like
pretty hilarious so I promise I'll do
that and I'll put it on like these work
your Twitter or something you guys know
where to find me
I live on 104 Internet Street yeah so
that's about it make sure you subscribe
to our channel we make new videos
what the fuck you don't want to let me
hold your hand with no no you look like
a praying mantis
for real bro okay bye make sure you
subscribe to our channel about new
videos every Wednesday yeah bye
spider-man
it was so nice to see you today okay boy
