hello and welcome to my special holiday
themed arts and crafts project a lot of
people see me as a monster I think but
I'm actually a human on the inside
sometimes I don't put the British accent
ly because I'm rich what you're going to
need for this is some small stockings
like this and a glitter pen so to get
started here we're just gonna you know
go gently with the glitter pen around
oh dear roids oh sorry I just got a
little out of control there sir too
strong for this I guess I can't be
gentle my epic and babies got a secret
as you can see I've written my name up
here my black baby's got a secret I'm so
rich isn't that beautiful now you can
just hang that up by the fireplace and
look at it now we're gonna do one of my
favourite crafts but you're going to
need is some string or lanyard and some
macro body if you just want to ever so
gently put each macaroni onto the back
of Bronnie place the paper the more
gently come together you don't want them
to break yeah sorry don't know what came
over me it got a little excited once
your necklace is complete and you can
put it on ah sorry again just having a
hard time controlling my testosterone
now for all my Jews out there I'm gonna
do a special craft you must be my Jewish
duh I've got this beautifully festive
Hanukkah banner here that I'm gonna call
her in and get right in there that's
Radle celebrates muscle fascicle Grindr
well that's all the crafts I have for
now happy holidays everyone
oh yes is so ridiculous what are you
doing
oh the gleeful look at us whoa good yarn
make sure you subscribe to our channel
but I'll do videos every Wednesday yes
but uh that's about it
wait come when you say we're gonna go
hang out whoa okay see you later
all right bye see you next week double
prizefighting me Doughboy ah
