get off me Oh mmm yeah did you like a
drink like 800 more beers I'm not even
drunk after party you know what I am
though it's fucking starving what brands
per gram kenapa Nana Nana shot shot
mm-hmm I'm still so hungry you have to
cook this ah
I ate large floating scallion pancakes
six of those black I can't understand
you
look deliver to my house like I'm sorry
though cuz I'm so hungry baby you don't
know where I live you are a little live
on easy street
hey stay so back ha ha ha like a bitch
you could get the phone call we time for
a little dark facebooking been drunk
eyes like a motherfucker just as
delicious as I thought it would be there
bitch I like your tits oh yeah
I get them that there's either a
hammered bra other people's head has
your lose my fucking ex boyfriend will
get all up on my news feed your head and
your face are stupid that's why we broke
up
no he looks happy I remember what I used
to be happy with them but you know I'm
gonna do what I call it I'm gonna I'm
gonna call it yeah you can stop it I
said fuck that stupid fucking bitch that
you love so bad it's Jenna what do you
mean don't remember me dated for like
two years the fuck I do you hang up on
me it's covered in me I'm just gonna
call it other
boyfriend never my love fight so I like
you
it's jenna mourey fuck how come no one
remembers me oh yeah is in the f you
have no friends
ellee's you love me to the black it
never got to me I think we're so baby
poop beep I know we should do nobody
shot go ahead know what baby a way
better now my ball where the fuck is my
Chinese food no seriously you know we
should do
lol penis face take that mom Wow baby
boo boo spider mobile make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put out new
videos every Wednesday I'm sorry Marvel
series and I didn't have that much fun
today I'll use yellow my face and stuff
I'm so sorry you're such a good sport
yes you in the middle of best sport of
the day besides the toilet
well game's evenings we see final it's a
good wave look at you my spank me
bye Amy bye
