come here Oh are you sitting in the boob
is that where you want to sit right
there okay
there is you kid so today I want to talk
about something that I have gone through
non-stop for the past few days or
whatever as a lot of you guys know I was
in India which was crazy and awesome and
quite the life experience um but in
order to get there and in order to get
back I had to do a lot of hanging out at
the airport which for those of you that
are normal human beings like me is a
complete fucking nightmare
now I know this subject has been beat to
death like people have said everything
there is to say about it but you know
what I'm gonna fucking today first thing
out a problem with is bitches walking
through the security line decked out in
every kind of metal there is I'm sorry
did you not know that you were getting
on an airplane today did you not think
about the fact that you're gonna have to
go through security and a metal detector
when I go to the airport I'm wearing
like leggings a shirt and maybe like a
sweatshirt you know sorry I didn't take
the time to put on every bracelet that I
own my Gucci belt my sunglasses like a
metal headband made out of pure spikes
and like jewelry I'll be ass I didn't
put 25 dollars with a change in my
pocket and I'm holding on to like 800
metal things because you know what
happens you look in the airport looking
like a complete fucking asshole we can
all pick you out of the crowd you're
walking in your heels you got your
little big oh my god I'm so hot so
fucking hot look at me I'm going on an
airplane and then we all wait first six
hours to get through security while you
walk back and forth through the metal
detector pppp pppp
motherfucker then instead of getting
your stuff in your little tray and
moving somewhere else to put it back on
you stand right there
and you put it all on well we all stand
there at fucking wait sorry that I have
to wait 20 minutes for you to put your
shit on cuz I'll let me use like turtle
backpack and my fucking shoe so I can
get to my plane and you know who I blame
this on
I blame fucking Victoria Beckham and
every bitch just like her that makes
people think that they need to be all
dressed up to go to the airport because
let me fucking tell you something about
Victoria Beckham she needs to calm the
fuck down it's not like she's flying
from London
Peretz or some shit she's flipped flying
all over the world she's flying for like
pin our plates I just did that flight
from London to LA and guess what takes
10 fucking hours
first I want to sit in their heels and
they're mad uncomfortable looking outfit
like it looks like it's squeezing her at
all plays you don't want to be squeezed
for 10 hours that does not make you
stylish okay that doesn't make you to
jump off it doesn't make you a hot bitch
that doesn't make you a big fucking deal
it makes you a goddamn idiot nothing
says I have an IQ lower than 45 quite
like wearing fucking six-inch heels to
the airport because guess what bitch
you're not going anywhere important
because you're sitting next to me and
fucking economy and coach with the
plebeians and the best thing is when
they do the safety thing they tell you
oh you know in the case of emergency and
the raft comes out or whatever you pull
the lever and the fucking rat comes out
you have to take off your heels because
they tear the raft open let's all just
think about that for a second the fact
that someone actually had to slide down
an emergency raft in heels to tear it
for everyone else in order for them to
put that in the safety video can you
imagine being behind that fucking
asshole your plane just landed into
water and the emergency raft comes out
the slide and some fucking bitch and
heel slid down it in her heels and tore
it open fucking bitch
I'll be damned today that happens to me
mm-hmm that bitch is the first one
getting tossed right off that life raft
no one is coming to save you drown bitch
in fact after I peds will dive into the
water from the plane and swim my way to
the raft because no one can slide there
because you back the fucking slide I'm
gonna make sure that I take both my
hands on top of your head and drown you
in international water so no one can
fucking find you ever again hurry giant
heels doing now huh how are all those
bracelets huh
how's that all that fucking metal doing
now are you drowning fucking super let's
do it all dressed up for your date with
death with the fucking ocean oh sorry I
plane crash or no one can fucking get
out of the water because fancy bitch
over there fucking broke that slide no
one can get out we all explode you know
in the ocean but she's okay thank
fucking god
I bet you never thought about that did
you that that bitch would be the last
thing that you ever saw before you
exploded inside a plane because you
couldn't get out look so next time you
think about putting on your little
fucking heels you're fucking crazy
stupid outfit for the airport just think
about the rest of us dying because your
stupid fashion choices alright because I
know that if you're stupid enough to
wear that on a plane at the airport that
you're stupid enough to not pay
attention to the safety procedures in
the event of an emergency and you kill
the rest of us in your dumbass fucking
outfit because let me tell you if I see
you and that planes going down I will
make sure that I punch you unconscious
before you kill everyone else and do you
see what's happening here is now gotten
dark that's why the lights now change
because I am determined to finish this
video to all the girls out there stop
dressing like fucking assholes stop it
and what's ridiculous is that I just
made a five minute long video about what
bitches wear at the airport when I could
make a fucking three day long video
about the rest of the things that pissed
me off at the airport but I realized
that I got the pitches on lock daps
bitches and I'm hoping that you'll
fucking listen to me stop wearing that
shit alright so the rest of us can live
and you know come home to our dogs and
stuff and not die in the middle of the
ocean somewhere watching you wave
goodbye to us from your fucking raft
I'll save bitch make sure you subscribe
to our channel we put out new videos
every Wednesday yeah Mobile's fuck yeah
does it wanna crash in a plane yeah my
balls
let's live his life
