okay here we go oh my god is that my
thighs look like I need to go to the gym
no I hope he doesn't see that roast bro
I don't know how you're doing this it's
like Fear Factor obviously it's because
your eyes are closed
what the fuck are you looking at now
seriously dude ah no not with the legs
dude I am not that flexible fuck do you
think I like this oh fuck no no not the
thumb not the thumb oh the fuck is one
oh my fucking hair oh you're like
ripping it I can smell your ball sack
it's getting progressively balsakhi ur
smelling man I'm suffocating Dick's are
so weird looking at sore vaginas milah
matrix what's why why why no no not the
nerf dagger man I'm upside down again
seriously Oh what are you gonna do with
that
oh you're so sweaty okay seriously just
stripped on me oh I'm so hungry maybe
y'all spaghetti for dinner tonight
no then I'd have to for the grocery
store can you hurry up clearly I'm never
getting off here oh hell no sweet
awesome yeah this is great
don't you dare get that shit in my hair
this is washed it ends in my hair oh
thank god that's over I need to go take
a shower feels like I went to the
gynecologist I have five bro your
weirdest fuck me good that was most like
ridiculously inappropriate video I've
ever made
but you guys have been requesting and
requesting and requesting Jenna do girls
think about having sex oh I did it for
you okay I hope you're happy
shit could've got real weird it was
weird it was weird whenever don't
explain myself blame this on you guys
your fault
be sure you subscribe to a channel we
put on videos every Wednesday yeah you
see by mobile is it I love to eat doggy
treats and I would like to go do that
now please me okay bye starting the next
week a backup oh oh okay bye
