yeah dougie sweet today I want to talk
about something that's very dear dear to
my heart about very little things that
we call edibles I gotta tell you guys
something for those who follow my
Facebook and Twitter I love when you
send me pictures of your packs because
it makes you feel like we're friends
like Internet Francine I mean like you
love your pets I love my pass we're just
one big happy family and if you don't
like animals and puppies and kitties and
stuff like that well good luck with your
life without a soul I always read your
comments and messages and stuff that you
guys send me and something that people
tell me a lot is that you love the way
that I talk to my Docs and I just want
to say thank you that is flattering
because I have spent my entire life
perfecting this art science of talking
to animals so because I like to help you
guys out with life so much all the time
I thought you know I would give you a
video about how to talk to animals you
get them too late to you cuz let me tell
you one thing
Susan Milan dog whisperer all those
fucking people liberals said I know who
else does that they got shit on me right
well maybe like training and like
general knowledge of dogs but talking to
them I win and just as a disclaimer this
will absolutely work for dogs but it
does work on other animals too not so
much cats because you know everyone
talks about the zombie apocalypse ending
the world yeah I'm pretty sure it's a
cat apocalypse they've already taken all
over the entire internet without really
trying you don't really care if you talk
to them in a cool voice because they're
just plotting the destruction of earth
but and that all the other animals will
like it too
sip one if this is your pet and you're
naming them try to think of a name that
has an e in it because it gets a party
going I've done so many scientific
studies in my free time about how the
zone e makes animals so a B I'll fucking
show you don't look of pure happiness
for example Kermit turns a coon hmm
because Marvel's name doesn't have an e
on the end sometimes I just call him
say a dog's name is mr. Bojangles turns
into mr. Bojangles how you doing hello
kitty either baby what's going on little
buddy you see how much more exciting
minutes and let the animal know that
you're excited about them are you
smiling step 2
dogs and other animals are just
like people they love to be complimented
the first way you can compliment an
animal when you meet them is always
refer to them and their baby for a dog
is always a puppy dogs don't like to
feel self-conscious about their age
maybe they have a little gray on their
face getting a little old
walking around little arthritis you very
little puppy if you don't know the baby
you just call in like baby hamster baby
mousy baby kangaroo Joey
the second way I like to compliment a
dog is to always compliment their outfit
and when I say outfit it doesn't
necessarily mean if they have an actual
outfit on what I really mean my outfit
is the fur that they've grown themselves
oh I love your outfit yeah you did a
good job brewing that yes it's way agree
good job that's so pretty
congratulations it makes them feel
awesome and attractive Deb tree sing
them songs this to me is like the most
important way to get an animal like you
what you do is you substitute their name
in for some of the lyrics sing it to
them while they're doing something it
helps build their self-confidence you
know gives them something to think about
what mood can you open the door and
crannies here in my part oh good job
buddy
this next step works on all animals but
it's also particularly effective for
animals if maybe they're deaf or they
can't hear you they can hear the
exciting noises you're making it is to
dress up with something that animals
like me me me me me me me me me if all
else fails just carry around bacon at
all times all animals love bacon except
for pigs don't do that that's fucked up
and for all you guys out there to think
this video doesn't apply to you let me
just drop a cold hard fact on you right
now there's no bigger turn-on than when
a guy has a shameless animal voice
either mister dougie hug was that sound
sound of me throwing my underwear across
the room what's today make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put out new
videos every Wednesday yeah now get out
there and talk to some animals weird
voices say weird things huh yeah it'll
be
some gay boys fighting in Bible fighter
