oh there's a way you can stay here if
you want you want to say you good so
this week just like every week I asked
on my Facebook or Twitter say you know
what is what does everyone want to see
from you this week and for the last two
weeks people have been like toggle of
sluts on homie and at first I didn't
even really want to make this video
because you my friend are talking to the
slut on Halloween but because people
kept bombarding my social media
platforms with their quest for me to do
video and slots on Halloween I'm gonna
do a video on slots out on Halloween but
I'll tell you one thing right now you're
not gonna like it
gather round children because I'm about
to spit some hot fire of truth at you
but the hot fire of truth go first of
all I'm gonna make a wild assumption
that these people requesting this video
for me to slam these sluts and whores on
Halloween you're not the ones dressing
up like sluts and whores is that correct
you my sweet angel face are being a
fucking hater and someday I'm gonna make
a video dedicated to this topic alone
because trust me I can go on forever but
girls fucking hate each other for no
reason girls walk into the bar club
party on any night not just Halloween
they look around what's the first thing
they do oh my god you see that girl over
there uh what is she wearing
that girl's a fucking how why why dude
why are you so angry at her for being a
sexy giraffe you know what you need to
do is you need to wear by your goddamn
self plus she probably looks fucking
cute and even if she doesn't he's buying
your fucking business
step 1 ask yourself does she have your
boyfriend's dick in her mouth or
something
if yes continue to be mad if no calm the
fuck down
what you're doing is taking away from
the spirit of best holiday ever
Halloween Halloween is the one a year
that you get to be whatever you want to
be and when you see these girls dresses
sexy cop nurses
animals I don't know it's not that
they're really such a huge fan of
often nurses and animals it's that they
just want to be a slut for Halloween
because they're probably not sluts in
real life and even if they are you keep
on calling you how your average girl
dress up as the quote/unquote slut and
Halloween is just a girl that would not
typically wear that on a regular night
out I mean the Halloween formula goes
like this a regular girl turns into a
slut a slut turns into a super slut she
wants to be fucking sexy and cute and
slutty and something that she's not
that's the costume that being said yes
there is a time and a place for it
probably not that appropriate to wear
that to school probably not that
appropriate to wear that involving kids
at any time trick-or-treating or until
like a children's Halloween party but if
you're also we were trying to get
fucking hammered and Halloween nothing
wrong with being ho and yes I think it's
something you grow out of I mean you're
talking like a 18 24 year old like I
don't know younger older the lines kind
of blurry there but like people want to
be perceived as attractive and hot and
that is the one night to do it the one
night to just be a Oh I mean guys girls
everyone right now in your brain think
about what you like about Halloween
candy being scared costumes
trick-or-treaters scary movies and sluts
whether you are the slut or you see the
sluts everyone just wants to see some
slutty fucking girls in Halloween be an
ass fucking naked running around making
back scission fucking sluts it's
entertaining so what I want to say to
all the girls out there right now is
that I challenge you I dare you right
double fucking dog dare you to go out on
Halloween see you girl looks fucking
cute and just go up to her and be like
you know what you look hot
I appreciate the fact that you probably
want to diet and you probably exercise
your little tiny butt off to fit into
that congratulations
we've worked I dare you to go up to Fred
arena Krueger while she's puking in the
toilet
feel like you really want balls to walls
here
good job you see that girl in the sexy
Halloween costume contest and you
fucking slow clap for her just slow clap
it out damn girl
work bitch because if you're not the
type of girl that wants to dress up like
a slut that's your choice
no one's hate and I'm you for being a
tooth-brush the concept of sluts on
Halloween is fucking old this is the old
idea what do you think Mary Magdalene
was for Halloween a nun says like
verbatim in the Bible Mary Magdalene
went to Jesus's gang in Halloween party
dress up as sexy Jesus this is an old
concept see all I'm trying to do is to
just get you to maybe have some
appreciation for the Halloween sluts
where they at where they at point them
out point them out and you should never
feel pressured to be a Halloween slut
but if you are good for fucking you
because with all some slots Halloween
just wouldn't be on leave nature's great
torch and only put on you do you think
we see Bible says I want to be Haiti
Gaga okay okay bye-bye slightly see you
next week
