I'm sorry we're doing this again we're
doing this again are you jealous of me
and mumbles love what I made one of
these videos in the past where I asked
you guys to roast my dog no one goes on
the internet with the sole purpose and
intention of insulting dogs okay I asked
for this because I think it's funny it
seems like you guys think it's funny too
you guys wanted a part two to this video
so it's actually your fault you guys are
the sick ones
Shaymin so we are going to roast my dogs
again unsurprisingly most of these are
about you being allegedly dead which
started in the last video and is now on
a trajectory that is out of control
legit thought marbles was a vegetable
you glued ears to hey Jenna I love your
videos but you should seek help playing
with a dead dog isn't healthy yes it is
yes it is we love each other
I'm his birth mother her dog is so dumb
it sort of makes me sick I would hate to
have that dog what's the point
you can drown that dog in a wagon stupid
tail while you did that ones like it
actually mean comment but it's still
pretty funny jenna Marbles
are you alive Marvel that series of
emojis really does capture jacksFilms
doesn't throw his dog a pool party he
also doesn't carry around his dead rat
in a suitcase
are you he just like went into another
dimension look I wrote back he
disappeared for a minute models is
basically a bag of dust that sometimes
what Marvel's looks like a crack baby
no no crack baby honey look like a crack
adult crack man how are you gonna roast
a dog that's already dead look behind
you it's the ghost of Marples
if you literally roasted marbles he
would be more alive than now marbles is
a lil bitch oh look we have a comment
from jacksFilms himself when I travelled
to Mexico two years ago I forgot how to
say garbage in Spanish I showed them a
pic of your dogs and they
understood oh he thought I could Sunday
do this the dogs together look like some
sort of fucked-up Chipwich who you do
you look like chip which if you rolled
an actual marble on the floor and had
marble recent he looked I would actually
put that to the test except I think
marbles would be too scared around an
actual marble to do it they were just
lag is stupid totally you just here is a
picture of a sweatshirt that someone
tweeted at me it says Jax to vanilla ice
cream dogs versus Jenna's dog mango
cement and the dead one marble I need
you to be alive and prove these people
wrong
please joking for your Eliza well it
moved in your fucking face take that the
floor is education marbles
what you lack in education you make up
for in beautiful spirit look at all this
spirit coming over please pouring out
that's it honey that's all the ropes
people just saying you're a do-nothing
you're a deuce some stuff aren't you you
know it's gonna make fun of you again
are you okay with that it is I'll be
right to my face oh your dog watermelon
is fat see I see what you did there he
looks like a rejected McDonald's chicken
nugget
he's looks like Jar Jar from Stark is it
bad that that's like kind of true are
you crying you look at me plummets like
you can wait your turn
papaya maple in square constantly look
like they have no idea what oh so now
she's papaya girl so you need a bra for
that what is easily a kid because you
knit you ready Oh mom God will make you
a tiny bikini top Robin are you fuckin
hang you know why does peach look like
this giraffe look weaker sit like that
picture then you but not on your side
it's a girl
she was sick kid yep some of you but why
are you on your side Julie because today
but she does look like that Tarrou
I still teaches turn but you know the
only thing that about peachy are these
beautiful boobs that she could suddenly
sprouted hell yeah peach is a fat
version of add coin even reported papaya
is the blonde in horror movies who dies
first
too late Oh with that your dog's heads
look like bicycle seats are your perfect
bite could be shocked
well this roast came directly from pop
socket pop sockets of course made these
just ordered my Kermit and marbled puff
socket now I need a peach one anyway you
can make that happen and they responded
we want to make a joke about peach being
too big for the pop socket but JK we
love peach peach is so big I'm surprised
that Marvel isn't continuously orbiting
around her peach seems like she's the
rebound in every breakup that wasn't bad
right
want me to make you a bra now does that
feel better oh my god
all right Carmen it's finally your turn
are you happy I love little emotionally
insecure Carmen is that's how I
interpret his head comment why does
Carmen look like a kid who really
doesn't want to put sunscreen on her is
the kind of guy to go to the beach and
just get a rash
Carmen has Kushans disease because he's
just fat and lays around like a cushion
it's touching you insensitive you called
Kermit condoms and I don't think he's
ever felt safe in his life
Kermit is ugly from most angles no but
most of Kermit is the fucking embodiment
of a clingy manchild that lives at home
until he's 40
hey 49 if Kermit could wear glasses he
would do it look just like yours to it
do you live at home with your mom I
think they help a blind I think he needs
dog less how many balloons can Kermit
fill in a minute with his heavy
breathing probably enough to lift
marbles off the ground
Kermit looks like you press the copy
button too many times on a printer and
ended up crumpled in with no color oh
look a comment from jacksFilms it's
hangover how to hangover it would look
like Kermit oh I don't know who hates
genom or carmit or Jack spell for me
give me keys Oh does that look like a
dog that hates me and your face Jack
spells Kermit's the friend people
pretend to like because they feel bad
why Kermit always looking like he have a
whole ass rotisserie chicken and his
mouth current should be in the SPCA
commercial you know it's actually that
is that when people see him often in
public they ask me if he's a rescue
because he's so nervous and I say no it
had him since he was a baby and they're
like was he abused the floor is not
crying for five seconds the floor is
being nervous
Kermit represents me the first time I
ever got high paranoid crying and
needing someone to give me things but
vehemently rejected its current all day
every day this just says monotone scream
with a picture Kermit speed ah I feel
like if you left a rat and a bowl of
radioactive liquid Kermit would happen
if Kermit was human he'd definitely live
in a cold dark apartment and only leave
to go to his job at a computer supply
store
yeah I think you're right Kermit looks
like he's seen his 90 year old grandma
naked and can never forget Kermit is the
type of person to ask the teacher to
assign homework oh excuse me miss you
didn't feel like your homework from last
night I'm pretty sure carpet cries more
in one day than me on example somebody
called you carpet carpet looks like he
writes smut about Paisley fedoras carmit
is an anagram for I'm wrecked
ceramic looks like he's holding back
tears after being told to order his own
pizza on the phone and finally but why
not roast ad he looks like a literal
toupee look at that fucking toupee
running dude have you ever seen a toupee
run like dude that to Facebook they just
tried to have them sit on here this is
what they did no you're too big to
seduce well I hope you guys liked this
part - of reading mean comments while my
dogs in all seriousness Jack smells I
know you've been roasting my dogs but
happy 11th anniversary on YouTube
congratulations to the really big
accomplishment we're all very proud of
you
make sure you subscribe to my channel I
put interviews every woods a slush
Thursday it's all good fun ha ha ha ha
ha I can't see no sleep I leave your
dogs in the garbage low I'll take the
trash out in the next episode of yeah
