oh it's mr. worldwide aka mr. 305 aka
pitbull aka mr. I had sex with you oh
you know I just want to talk about
something for a second man it's been
bothering me for a long time Calma you
know I always hear these people talking
on Twitter and stop talking about who
the best rapper in the world is it is
the same people on the list all the time
it's always Lil Wayne jay-z Kanye and my
question is white people never on
nobody's list is it because English is
not my first language you know I but I
consider what is that because I'm not
black because I'm Cubano I got blue eyes
and beautiful Blanco
I nobody got a love for people like that
it's just not fair man and I'm gonna
tell you why under this rapper in the
world right now are you ready darling
uno thought man you know I rap about
things that make people happy you know I
think about like having a good time like
I rap too baby
people want me to kiss their big you
know I never have about women in like a
degrading way it's always like it's so
beautiful I want to put my dick in you
who know I love women man
shakeela Oprah mujeres I want to talk
about my lyrics for sex people say my
lyrics are no good like this shadow
that's stupid I make just as many clever
pop-culture references as the wing or
jay-z and what happens to people I get
sued Lindsay Lohan you want to sue me
because I said you got locked up man
that's a foolish well let's talk about
the fact that every time someone was a
hit song who they come to miss a
worldwide how many motherfuckers you
know can make a song with Enrique gays
yeah I think been going for like ten
years on her from them because all he's
doing is fucking Anna Kournikova last
song he put out he just sitting there
whispering now you want to come back you
call that mr. 305 JLo you like forty
people to come back oh my god yeah I got
you and we put out you on the float
Caliente in yang twins Treena me oh well
forgot Mira song Marc Anthony could
you've got some serious darling to make
that happen he ugly all I'm trying to
say is the people sad man people sad I
can brag about these things because I
know they're true but no one else seems
to know that they're true you know I
like I come always such a happy strong
person and I'm wrong my mom messed up on
the inside I'm sad you know what someone
appreciate my music can you dance to it
the clap you love my music you know you
do you know you want me you know I just
want them creative or pervy to go rapid
collapse top ten you just feel like no
one ever ever said I'm the best rapper
in the world don't you know everybody
said oh I love that new song tonight oh
I love you tonight everybody forget
people lay down the wig on that jab
nobody said a lot of people song there's
not bad you guys all just stupid oh cool
look what you made people do you make
people cry why get scared
get go sing all right you know I just I
gotta be a man
I just want to let everybody know how I
was feeling you know if you better know
it's part of my healing process but I am
the best rapper alive I am people I'll
see you later
cooler no that was so ridiculous
yes creamy tried to eat my bald cap yeah
wasn't that fun you know one of them had
any idea who I was they kept like
barking at me make sure you subscribe to
our channel we put on videos every
Wednesday yes we are so excited we had
fun being people because we love them ha
ha ha ha
all right I'll see you guys next week
bye spider-man
