Oh me me me me me me me sure it's
fucking awesome I was watching a ray
william johnson video a little while
back when The Lion King was coming out
and everyone was freaking the fuck out
the leggings back at theaters you know
you've owned it on VHS for 20 years and
now you can pay money to go see in the
theater it oh my god I can't wait
nothing he said something I thought was
pretty awesome like hilarious and true
which was if you're a lying mother and
you have two cubs and you name one
Mufasa and one scar what the fuck do you
think is gonna happen obviously one's
gonna turn out to be fucking evil you
just setting that kid up for a bad life
so I want to talk about the fact that
not only is that fucked up but the rest
of the Disney movies all fucked up so I
want to share with you some things that
I've learned from Disney movies I really
want to focus on the princesses of the
Disney movies because you know they
identify with them as a princess myself
first of all you should wear something
that's completely inappropriate for a 16
year old
take for example Ariel from The Little
Mermaid she's walking around or swimming
around in a fucking seashell bra all the
time all the time the fucking I wasn't
allowed to wear a two-piece bathing suit
until like college Jasmin's permanently
in a Halloween genie outfit skank I mean
even if it's not evident in their
costume if you just know that they're
whores no white has seven male dwarf
friends right Cinderella she's a blonde
so she's a whore Belle she's French
so she's a whore I mean can we talk
about the fact that fucking Belle
theoretically had sex with an animal is
that bestiality does everyone just
ignore that I also just want to say that
Disney movies made me have completely
unrealistic hair expectations Rapunzel
those are fucking extensions Cinderella
or Belle or somebody ties their hair
with a ribbon have you ever tried to tie
your hair with ribbon yeah good fucking
luck with that
Ariel made me like heartbroken that I
wasn't a ginger first of all honey where
are your freckles
genetically impossible for you to not
have freckles in that color hair
second of all nobody is born with
fire-engine fucking red hair that
fucking came from a bottle bitch you are
not fooling anybody and then I also grew
up to realize that I don't want to be a
ginger nice try
Jasmine's got a ponytail a size of a
fucking tree trunk Pocahontas has
perfect looking hair all the time and
she doesn't have a fucking hairbrush
where's your hairbrush
not to mention all of these princesses
are constantly walking around singing
like when I was little I'm like am I
supposed to just like be singing all the
time do you know how many times I was in
a pool and I'd be like ah like the
tangles fucking little mermaid like I'm
surprised someone didn't go to our mom
and go can you tell your child just shut
the fuck up it goes the Baker with his
tray like always like bitch can you stop
narrating everything that's going on in
a song I love that song I do but you
know what any real human being did that
it would be obnoxious but that's what I
fucking thought you were supposed to do
you're supposed to walk around it negate
everything in this song which is like I
grew up the way that I did Disney movies
also taught me that animals should be my
friends and pets but also my service
aerials got fucking Sebastian flounder
and their friends but she makes the do
shit for her she's a bitch don't even
get me started on Cinderella do you know
how many times I've stood in my room and
sang around to myself to the birds I
fucking hate who wants to steal my dress
and shit and fucking wash my back with
sponge
nobody I thought this is how I was
supposed to win where are all my mice to
fucking do my laundry and shit fucking
go to the store for me hey mr. Mouse
what are you doing you're supposed to be
fucking serving me Jasmine's got Raja
and all Raja is good for is just sitting
there blowing a blow is brained off
listen to that bitch fucking complaining
non-stop
I mean even Aladdin he's got he's got
magic carpet
and use fucking like what is a poo do I
feel horrible for a poop a poop just
wants to like live life and be a monkey
and yet you're forcing him to wear the
stupid outfit and be your fucking monkey
servant they also taught me that I
should have a healthy fear of old people
fat people ugly people because they're
all gonna fuck your life up Ursula old
fat ugly Jafar old ugly scar ugly beast
beauty and beast ugly but then you're
supposed to fall in love with him
Cinderella's stepmom old ugly a fucking
bitch lady that turns herself into a
witch or some shit and Sleeping Beauty
old ugly I mean that's why we all grow
up thinking that people are witches and
shit because they're just old and ugly
they're like well that person's
definitely gonna fuck my life up if I
trust them let me just say that I've
been on this planet for a little while
and not once as an old person ever fuck
my shit up ever
they're always sweet nice or crazy at
least I don't know but they're happy
right I mean why are you gonna slam old
people like that it also taught me that
my being goal in life should be to find
a fucking prince and marry him the end
there's never another plot for a chick
Disney star other than you fall in love
at the end it's not like oh hey I'm the
Little Mermaid and I just won't figure
out my life because I'm a mermaid or
something like no your main goal is fall
in love with brains and grow legs and
what you walk around on and then get
married like why couldn't Cinderella
have been about her finally saying fuck
you ders stepmom and like playing a
bunch of practical jokes on them and
then like getting a job and moving out
of their house sounds like a good
fucking movie to me not to mention
they're all so young like when they get
married they're all like fucking
teenagers you telling me I'm supposed to
want to get married one of 16 plus
there's always some level of conflict
happening when they're actually getting
married like the Little Mermaid was not
supposed to sell her soul to the sea
witch and go marry Prince Erik because
King
Triton's said don't fucking do that
daddy and left me with some moral that
story you deliberately disobey your
parents and you live happily ever after
I'm just confused and angry and I don't
know what to think
I don't it's a mixture of disappointment
and fucking what the fuck I mean I
really could go on forever and ever and
ever about this but I think I've made my
point so make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put on videos let me win see
ya
now who wants to edit the video and
athletic and it does your my fuckin
animal friend servant man no seriously
can you make me lunch
