okay here we go oh it's raining outside
today
I should get my stunner shades oh yeah I
would definitely fuck me
got a recline my seat one hand on the
wheel now it's time to ride the whip
behind a Whitmer drive a stick-shift
because I'm a man
first gear and floor it feel like I'm in
Fast and Furious Vin Diesel you can suck
on these white boy max wish I had some
fucking nos in here
look at that girls tits boat Z bouncy
bouncy bouncy bouncy tits up that down
bouncy bouncy bouncy bouncy bounce
oh yeah bitch nice ass how you doing
sexual mmm I will break her off a piece
of my cock and that all my bitches love
it oh my all my bitches of it
all my pictures over you were fucking
with my Honda what's up show do you want
to get with a white boy move it lady
fucking baguette dicks oh wow look at
that girl's ass damn girl those shorts
oh and that's a man fuck I really got to
stop doing that
I just can't always tell from behind so
shapely she wears high heels I wear
sneakers she's cheer captain in I'm on
the bleachers they get over your girl
what's your name
uh no too aggressive fuck you your face
is busted anyways stop sign fuck that
destron fuck you 85 and a 30 fuck yeah
you turn on some ill nasty tunes oh oh
it's mr. steel girl you see read to me
how do you do that shit man I love Nicki
Minaj you know for that ass got her
touching lyrics oh what's her face with
the giant jugs texted me from last night
what are you doing today you wanna hang
out my response is what ever try and
figure that one out stupid bitch
ill that's a milf milf milf milf opere
one that reminded me I wanted to go get
some candles later look at me now oh
look at me now oh I'm getting paper and
always zip FAT FAT FAT FAT FAT FAT FAT
oh oh yeah hello is terrifying I almost
died and I'm getting off the highway
note to self do not play tug of war with
the Cyclops while driving oh look I'm
here early as usual I'm a motherfucking
punctual gangsta thug life
ha ha well hell's Kermit series oh yeah
that's right
make sure you subscribe to our channel
but I did everything including today and
including next Wednesday and Wednesday
as dudette there is it that well I love
a puppy dog Kiki
Thank You Mabel okay we'll see you next
week okay Bowie
