okay here we go and I forgot everything
I'm supposed to bring alright let's try
this again
here we go we go in the car oh man I'm
going backwards
oke forwards here we go that my car
making that noise sounds like a fucking
dying robot and we're riding in the car
I know if I can stop in it yeah I should
turn on the radio
no song is slam screen does take an
elevator ah yes what the fuck how long
have I been singing that well I don't
even like that song what's it was it my
teeth oh is that been there well it was
hit a cone we tattoo yuppie tucky uppy
oh I'm sorry sir look ride my ass brah
you want to lick my ass ass lookin
ballsack mother fuckin cock bitch oh hey
look at that dog I like your outfit oh
my god that's a group and that's a stop
sign why is that girl jogging like half
naked hey angel face next time buy a
whole shirt oh that's why she looks like
a porn star Amy I should start jogging
I'm not gonna start talking hi beat you
and I just got star power so I passed
you oh wow et yeah we gonna lean they
see me rollin they hatin and it's time
to roll up my window fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck I'm lost I'm so fucking
lost
I'm so fucking lost fuck my leg yeah you
can see right through these pants it's
my vagina I'm here and I'm Li yeah
that's about right
mmm make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put out new videos every
Wednesday yea you say we like to drive
in the car and do stuff like that and
then we like to be on the grass and go
potties all time alright see you guys
next week
