okay I'm here at my new apartment I hung
up spider-man for you just like I
promised I'm laying on my bed this is
one of the only things in my apartment
that's like sort of ready to go kind of
not really cuz it's not on anything it's
just on the floor I decided to do
something really cool and special for
you guys well I was on my trip it was 16
States 19 days it was just madness I
went up north we went from Boston all
the way like through Chicago and all the
way across the North to Oregon down the
coast to ah where you live now you st.
Monica so it was super exciting and
awesome so I made this video for you
guys so that you could see where I would
and then with what it did stuff like
that okay
you
Oh
you
you
like one going slow six hey what up in
the house anchor me I'm stealing I'm
stealing Kermit sorry guys you have to
do rescue out Joseph marbles fuck no I
can't have him oh he's my angel
but we're gonna be she's gonna be in my
music video on Friday so America I don't
care so can we say fuck nice Channel I
say flip we say fuck fucking lip fuck
the bottom up with mommy
fuck fuck fuck oh I like that pepperoni
and cheese pepperoni and cheese
sounds like a hamburger helper delicious
mmm I'll take it mmm goodbye cable make
sure you guys subscribe to my channel I
put out new videos every Wednesday have
a Facebook get a vlog channel and
Twitter and everything's down below um
and we will see you guys next week you
you have done picking get some toilet
paper and garbage and stuff yeah okay
bye
