know your you know hotel room cause you
can tell I'm still on the road and we
are in Ontario Oregon and we are gonna
go see my brother today yeah we saw a
video that's been requested a lot from
me is a pickup lines video like bad
pickup lines are good pickup lines or
whatever and I'm not really a fan of
traditional pickup lines because they
never work
they're always cheesy and I was stupid
so I wanted to make a way to make pickup
lines more awesome and sexual so the
first thing to do is is to take a
traditional pickup line and instead of
adding the traditional punch line at the
end you add something much more awesome
a modified pickup line so for example
someone would say are you from Tennessee
because I want to make out with your
face the pickup line like this is much
more effective because the girl realized
that you're trying to pick her up but
that you're just fucking cool and
creative and awesome and blunt as a
motherfucker
is that a mirror in your pants because
you look fucking sexual tonight what's
your sign is it please let me touch your
ass and ladies don't be scared to use a
pickup line on a guy you could say
something like you know what they say
about guys with big feet have sex with
me now I realize that some of this is a
little bit too forward for a lot of you
but guess what you asked me to make a
pick-up line video motherfucker and
that's what I would say god dammit for
those of you that are not quite as
confident to go up to a girl and say
something like that you can save it for
when you're like in a relationship or
hooking up with someone you know when
you're like laying next to somebody that
you just started hanging out with and
you want to hook up with them and you
don't know what the hell or what to say
oh I got him nervous all the way up to
if you're married and you just want your
love to pay attention to you without
being like a
you want to do it where's the romance in
that you have to woo them make it more
sexual so the second part of this
formula is to take a common freeze or
singing and then put a twist on the end
of it that says hey wanna fuck you
hookup lies I'm Way bigger fan of hookup
lines
mary had a little let me rub your
boobies roses are red violets are blue I
want to get you pregnant on your mark
get set suck my dick
rock paper take off all our clothes
sticks and stones may break my bones I
want a GM my penis in you you could even
quote movies my apartment smells of rich
mahogany you should get naked
are you the Batman I want to lick your
nipples see what I mean Gail giggle then
you get a little wiggle in the pants so
basically by taking my modified pickup
lines or my modified hookup lines
there's no way you're not getting
pregnant today
it's fucking sexual Wednesday everybody
is getting so sexual oh my god stop
growling at each other the possibilities
are endless I hope you guys like this
and make sure you subscribe to our
channel we blew new videos every
Wednesday Kermit yeah Hermes
pick up lines on the bitches to get them
excited but marbles uses them on buoys
because he's gay he likes boys joy
tonight sweet boy
