no verbal dougie sweet all right so this
week on my Facebook and Twitter I asked
you guys to ask me your questions and
I'm going to answer your questions
invest my ability the fuck is that to
the saw okay first question would you
hate fuck Sarah Palin I would hate fuck
the shit out of Sarah Palin lesbian sex
Frick yeah how are babies made
well obviously babies are made when your
parents are sixteen and they have sex
with each other and then they decide
that they can't have a baby and that
they can't take care of you so they give
you up for adoption
that's not how babies I mean that's what
MTV taught me whatever happened to the
asshole roommate that tried to sue you
he willed the fuck out thank God what's
your favorite type of juice favorite
type of juice is pimp juice what's your
natural hair color is that a serious
question like you fucking kidding me
it's shit brown what do you keep in your
turtle backpack
I keep a robot quiet my turtle backpack
and this goodbye duduk turtle backpack
maybe some of this hey buddy - turtle
backpack what would you do for a
Klondike bar nothing I would go to the
store and buy one if I wanted one that
bad Jake don't
it's fucking overrated ice cream product
that's what that is marketing
advertising what song do you sing in the
shower and can we get a preview I like
to sing the Jurassic Park theme song it
goes nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee
nee me me me
like that which ninja turtle do you wish
you were this is rude if you had to
spend one whole night handcuffed to
Snooki what do you think would happen
how do you feel about the earthquake
that happened on the East Coast
yesterday I have one thought about the
earthquake that happened yesterday and
it's courtesy of Reddit
what noise does a giraffe make obviously
a giraffe goes get the drip gooey are
you really moving to LA and when yes I
am really moving to LA and tomorrow you
in million dollars because that was the
reason why watching this video I am
moving to LA tomorrow it has this is not
like something I came with overnight um
I have been playing this for a little
while
I've lived in Boston for seven years I'm
from Rochester New York so it's time for
me to I don't know I need a change a
change of pace a change of scenery
I've been out there a few times to visit
as a big con Rise of the Planet of the
Apes I was out there to visit um and
it's just I don't know I'm ready for a
change so I'm going out there and we are
driving in a car for the next 18 days so
I am leaving tomorrow but I will not get
there until September 11th uh
so I really just wanted to tell you guys
that's why for the next couple of weeks
I have no idea what my videos are going
to be like because I'm going to be in
car and you know adventuring across the
United States so if you're interested in
like the daily videos and stuff I'll put
all those on my blog channel obviously
pictures and everything like that will
be on my Facebook and Twitter um and the
next couple videos might be definitely
not me sitting in front of computer and
this is the last time we're going to be
sitting here so all I can say goodbye
well spider-man's coming obviously
spider-man will always be in the
background
Lois beauty but I will probably be out
in the world in the next couple videos
so wish me luck in if I don't post the
video next week it's because I crashed
my car and exploded or got mauled by
there make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put on new videos every
Wednesday and we are very very tired of
packing and I'm sorry this video is not
as exciting as they usually are but um
when you pack to move across the country
it's kind of a lot of planning and work
so I've been very stressed and busy so
yeah that's what's going on but I say
goodbye to everyone Boston and I'll miss
you and love you and if I hate it out
there a little more very back Hey yeah
all right good
