hey there everyone and welcome my name
is Jenna and I'll be your host I'm here
to talk to you today about a very
important topic
it's about hygiene so for those of you
who have parents that are crack addicts
and you learn how to brush your teeth
comb your hair and things like that this
video is gonna be very helpful for you
well I'm just gonna eat some breakfast I
love raw chicken in the morning pure
protein ok let's start off with
something really basic like brushing
your teeth what you want to do is start
with small little circles starting in
the back like this I don't feel so good
chicken is not suitable that doesn't
sound good
oh my god sorry about that so like I
said you just want to get back in here
make sure you push your tongue till oh
oh so essentially just repeat that all
around all of your teeth until you get
every surface okay let's move on to
brushing your hair listen all there is
to is you're just gonna take the hair
and gently brush it so you see how my
son looks another important factor of
good hygiene is washing your hands and
keeping your nails clean and trim Oh
always keep your cuticles nice and moist
well keeping your body clean is also
important a little soap and some
deodorant can go a long way make sure
you wash your armpits your feet the
crevices in your ballsack or vagina
get all around your butthole - OH
body odor is not your friend I try to
take a shower every day so that my body
is clean it smells fresh another
important thing to be mindful of is
clean laundry make sure you put on clean
clothes not things that smell like
gonorrhea for more tips on hygiene you
can fit both oh my god coming from
someone that is great personal hygiene I
really hope you guys found this video
helpful
hey make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put out new videos every
Wednesday yeah
kermy says i try to eat your puke you're
so lucky okay see you later bye
