oh yeah wrong alright so I've mentioned
in a previous video that I am a big
believer in the idea that whatever
underwear you wear kind of predicts how
your day is gonna go I'm like a horse
cool but instead of some lady that you
don't even know it's never met you
predicting how your day is gonna go that
day it's more of like a
choose-your-own-adventure
now if you're anything like me I usually
wear all my favorite underwear like
right after I do the laundry
always always turn out to be the best
days I'm like my ass looks fucking hot
while I'm getting ready and like I get
stuff done they always turn out to be
the best days and on the other hand as
you run out of clean laundry you start
to wear the underwear they don't like
and those days always turn out to be the
worst because you haven't done laundry
and the rest of your life is probably
kind of a mess too I know there are a
lot of girls out there that only wear
thongs and stuff like that but don't kid
yourself
right we've all owned a lot of these
kinds of underwear you weren't a
five-year-old walking around in a
g-string chances are somewhere in the
back here underwear drawer you still
have a lot of this stuff in there or you
just have a lot of this stuff cuz that's
what you wear so now I'm gonna give you
my horoscope for whatever kind of
underwear you choose I'm gonna go put on
something a little more festive to read
you these readings that will be true for
forever misdeal I'm going to read your
horoscope underwear for school regular
panty horoscope my prediction for this
is that you're going to have a very
important just like the giant piece of
fabric covering your ass let that
Victoria's Secret shit fool you into
thinking that this is gonna make your
abs look hot it doesn't it never does
your horoscope is that you are going to
forget your keys at home and all of your
Forks are gonna be dirty today boy short
horoscope predicting you're going to
wear something loose fitting today
something that screams don't have sex
with me because there's no way that you
can wear this under a pair of skinny
jeans or anything to get the ass party
going and all of your farts are gonna
get
and all of this fabric covering your ass
under way from a packhorse co-lister a
child and your mom is making you wear
these you should probably just call in
sick today in fact you probably should
have called in sick from life the day
that you picked these up and decided
this was a good idea what did you have a
giant to do to you to deserve this abuse
my prediction is that you're at a low
point in your life maybe you're drinking
a lot peeing your pants a lot probably
haven't gotten laid in a long time it
gets better just change your underwear
underwear with witty saying horoscope
you're gonna be a fucking bitch today
you see your underwear has given you a
false sense of sassiness you're also
going to fall off your bike today don't
ask me why it works that way it just
does
see-through underwear horoscope I've
never seen some little butt crack look
good in this my prediction is that
you're going to get pooped on by a bird
or you're going to try and learn how to
play the flute and fail animal-print
horoscope if it's in a shape that covers
your ass you're going to eat twice the
size of your ass and chocolate today if
you have sex with someone you're going
to pretend you liked it but you really
didn't if it's an animal print song
you're going to find six dollars on the
street and probably have sex with
yourself later regular dong horoscope it
is this in the front and party in the
back my prediction is that the person
that you like is going to bring you the
zebra cake at work or school today
if you're already in a relationship your
boyfriend will ask you if you can put it
in your butt lace horoscope it's going
to rain today that's all granny panty
horoscope my prediction is that you
should probably just call it quits
probably gonna cry a lot
you're probably gonna eat a lot you
probably
poop a lot yeah just throw in the towel
party song horror skill our prediction
is that someone will see your vagina
today even if it's at the YMCA locker
rooms if you have sex with someone
you're gonna do dirty whorish filthy
things you didn't even know you are
capable of thongs are the leading cause
of pregnancy in the United States if by
some chance your bra and your underwear
match each other you're gonna have one
of the best days ever if your bra on
your underwear match each other every
day you need to sit down with yourself
and really think about your priorities
and for boys any underwear that turns
you into Ryan Reynolds you're gonna get
late make sure you subscribe to our
channel we put out new videos every
Wednesday yeah mumbles what kinda
underwear are you wearing today this is
a good commando that means you're a
dirty whore kay bye
