kermy is a horsie today yeah so
obviously I go on my Facebook and
Twitter alone I always ask you guys what
you want to see for me and this week
everyone's like Shark Week Shark Week
Shark Week you have to make a Shark Week
video and let me just remind you that I
do not have to shit just like everybody
told me a half make a Harry Potter video
which it did kind of on my vlog channel
have to do this I have to do that mother
fucka I have to do anything I was just
asking for your suggestions I'm not
fuckin Aladdin I'm not here to make your
wishes come true that being said I'm
gonna make a Shark Week video but it's
not gonna be what you expect it now
before I start to really piss people off
I like Shark Week as much as the next
person I'm not trying to take away from
the spirit and awesomeness of Shark Week
okay but I think we all just need to
step back for a second and think about
what you're buying into first of all
Shark Week is fucking discriminatory
towards other animals I mean yeah I get
it sharks are badass they fucking eat
people and shit like that but there's
lots of other badass animals that have
multi-man beings to death don't get
their own awesome week on the Discovery
Channel where the fuck is giant anaconda
week giraffe week panda week poodle week
and somebody please riddle me where the
fuck honey badger week is somehow a
Discovery Channel got everyone to buy
into this overhyped week about fucking
sharks but guess what sharks are here
all the time not just one week to here
all the time if you really like sharks
as much as you say you do right now
you'd have a fucking shark tattoo on
your face I could only imagine how
pissed off someone that like actually
study sharks is all of a sudden
everyone's jumping on the sharp
bandwagon on the Discovery Channel I was
that person that studied sharks would be
like where were you Christmas time you
didn't give a fuck about sharks then
know you were busy opening up your
fucking iPad and playing on it and being
all fucking Christmassy and Hanukkah eat
Kwanzaa whatever you didn't give a fuck
about sharks in the wintertime you need
to be honest with yourself most of us
don't even know when Shark Week is until
it's here and everyone's fucking all
over the internet about it all fucking
right it fucking apeshit for sharks
shark shit and I feel like I'm really
was taking fucking crazy pills over here
it said every time I sit down and watch
Shark Week I'm like wow I already knew
all of this shit from fucking Shark Week
last year shark with meteor before
shit's been around since 1987 pretty
sure I've seen a lot of these clips like
over and over again my whole life all
I'm trying to get you to realize if you
haven't already is that you just bought
into an overhyped week on television
maybe I think most of us see Shark Week
for what it is and we're just being
festive about sharks there is that
select few people by select I mean what
fucking people just need to get the fuck
over it like the type of people who are
buy into any fucking week like me upon
weak men tampon week nothing but TV
shows about man tampons they're deadly
toxic shock syndrome for 20-something
years man pon week we see them things I
think we can all enjoy Shark Week but I
think people need to just take it down a
notch and ask yourself do I really like
Shark Week or do I like it because I'm
being told to like it we all cared this
much about something that actually meant
something to the world means do some
fucking crazy shit put the shit and
perspective now that I got that off my
chest and maybe hopefully someone out
there has realized how easy it is to
brainwash you into thinking that you
need to watch the show we can all enjoy
Shark Week for what it is you're
supposed to gain respect and
understanding about sharks just have a
fucking grand old time and now I'm gonna
leave you with something fun that you
can do for the rest of Shark Week -
Shark Week drinking game that I invented
just now consists of three rules first
rule is drink every time you see sharks
second rule is drink every time there's
a person talking about a shark third
rule is every time there's a seal or
penguin or bird or human something
that's a shark
you make out with a person next to you I
guarantee you play this game you will
get pregnant or you will impregnate
someone Jen I'm bubbles make a chocolate
babies then maybe Shark Week will
actually mean something to you the
conception of your child make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put on new
videos every Wednesday right yeah Shark
Week wasted
