Wow happy Wednesday all right so I know
I'm not the only person that wanders
this well whenever I leave the house I
always wonder what it is
my dogs do all day I wish I had a tiny
little cell phone I could get two
marbles I could call him up me like hey
dude we didn't think about that all the
time what is it what are they doing so
today I decided that I was going to
videotape them see what they did while I
was gone all right little guys come here
I'm leaving you be good boys what why is
there a sharpie on the ground can you be
good boys
while mommy's gone all right I'll see
you later
you boys really think you guys stay by
doing nothing with you Oh fun today I
can't even your voice it's just so hey
another story to tell you
not now damn it I'm busy bye bye I just
pooped sell sell sell this smells like
canned food bitch shit fuck God fuck
what the fuck fuck you hear that my poop
smells like air from back fucking fuck I
think we should be done face wastin why
are you just such an idiot don't face
with it
let get dog furs with it you're only
seven years old
that's unraised drinking I drink silly
shit did the birth go oh my god shut up
Oh - sorry shit get the party going me
drink some Derek Daniels get the party
going or you - oh where the crotch area
to get the party cool me my with Donna
my hair doesn't get the bunny going
all right give me some of that oh I
Drago so much honey good luck Marty go
you would play game with me watch it
call it's cold good dress you up in
mother oh fuck
hello but your body I hate this game
good dress you up imagine it is that's a
to kill myself
oh no but your body I need a gun
or nice look what I could do hey hey
marbles guess what I don't I don't care
smell my butt oh my god
hey hey marble guess who I I don't know
the Cloverfield monster why me God hey I
think moto hey I did what you guys do
all day oh so that's what you guys do
not surprised
this video isn't true for castle because
cats just sit around and plot their
nuclear war against the world to end
everything and take over and whatever
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we put out new videos every Wednesday
yeah so we'll see you next week right
yeah I'm still we have a Facebook and
Twitter and watching and stuff like that
goodbye see you later
I think that's like the dumbest video in
the history of the internet but at least
I didn't make it you guys
