oh I didn't see you there they want to
talk to you about the proper way to get
ready for a date you can't go like this
you're a sexual object put on your hot
girl disguise if you need a more
detailed description of that you can
click right here now that you look ready
for a higher budget porno scene bukkake
it's time to get dressed
make sure you choose something that
falls under the category of short tight
and shows off your sweater puppies
that'll do Pig
the next step is to wear as much perfume
as possible possibly enough so you can
smell you from your house before you
even get there smells like desperation
now you need to add lots of jewelry
Jewelry was invented in the early 1990s
to tell men I want to fuck you it's like
the Underground Railroad of sex don't
forget to wear heels when you turn
around you want him to feel like he's in
a juvenile video the goal is to make him
want to make it rain on that ass the
next very important accessory is your
bag make sure you choose something that
says I paid way too much for this
because it's just a fucking bag I
literally throw my shit in it and it
costs $2,000 let them know that you're
fancy huh make sure you pack your bag
the essentials this will set you up for
success later in the date you should
pack a sandwich beforehand this lets him
know that you can cook Lucky's gonna ask
you to make one for him anyways you know
what while we're at it might as well
throw some rubber gloves in there some
cleaning supplies so you knows you can
clean too now that you ready
you should sex him before you leave so
that he can justify buying you an entire
meal I want to suck your dick
once you're on the beat just remember
you're a girl you're not funny smart
interesting or any of those things so
get all your best big laughs ready just
be super impressed with everything that
he says if he asked you a question don't
panic he already thinks you're an idiot
just do the best that you can think like
a Miss America pageant such as like the
the Africa ah such as the that was a
good try she tried to use her brain when
in doubt just giggle and do something
adorable
it's fucking endearing when the dates
over
make sure you have sex with him because
that's all you're good for and when he
doesn't call you back just assume it's
because he's so busy at work I mean what
else are you gonna do you're gonna show
up like yourself and hope things work
out no that's way too risky
you might get hurt make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put out new
videos every Wednesday yeah kind of it
he looks like he's sleeping look at them
as soon as they hold them they just fall
asleep yeah but you bark the whole time
and make a video all right we'll see you
next week bye
