good afternoon everyone and welcome to
my kitchen
today I'm going to show you guys how to
make a traditional American dish we're
really making some chocolate chip
cookies so I hope you guys are all
excited and I hope you're hungry now
before we get started because I want
people to take me seriously the first
thing I'm gonna do is take my top off
that's much better isn't it I hope you
all notice that I chosen the color blue
because it stands for America I've also
decided I was gonna go really wrong
today and wear these GE American shorts
even though I made sure that their men's
underwear all right now we're all
American and maverick and ready to get
going now the recipe you're going to use
it it was actually passed down to me for
my grandmother
it's a true American recipe with a
little bit of an Alaskan twist the first
thing we're gonna do is put in 2 cups of
flour this particular brand of flour is
good because it's white like Jesus the
next thing we're going to add is an
entire stick of butter from account that
I shot with my shotgun out the backyard
here in Alaska we're just gonna mix that
all in there just like the melting pot
of a miracle with all of our immigrants
and people of different cultures ok now
that we got that the next ingredient we
want to add it's three eggs but we're
not going to crack the eggs because
that's abortion all right now our next
ingredient is a whole bunch of sugar you
don't even have to measure this we just
want them to eat sugary sweet just like
who we are America prick yeah okay now
that we have all that know it's time to
put in our chocolate chip I got black
chocolate chips because the last thing
that we want to be called is a racist no
it's time for real Laskin twist okay I
got about a pound of moose meat here
we're just gonna mix that all in there
Oh looks like we had an abortion right
in the middle of the bowl that's okay
God will forgive me no if you don't have
any moose meat at your disposal you can
use whatever roadkill is outside that
you can find the goal is to just have it
Casey's American is passable now we're
gonna take small little one-inch
sections and put them onto our cookie
board oh we got a whole egg on that one
that's gonna be a good one
while you're doing this you can think
about your love for our country and you
can also think about going out and
buying my book available at all over
stores now I'm gonna go ahead and stick
these cookies into my preheated oven
while those are baking you can think of
all things they're happening in your
life how Bristol Palin it's so good I'm
thinking with the Stars how great Sarah
Palin's Alaska was well it was on
everybody shut the heck up I'm trying to
make a cooking show in here show some
respect for your country how bad I want
to be president of this country boy do I
sure love America Oh beautiful chicken
my shoe collection after about 20
minutes you should take your cookies out
of the oven oh they smell so good
now the peeling feeling doesn't do
anything happier so I'm going to
decorate these cookies with some blue
icing because it's American you can even
have some herself right now
ah oh but don't have too much because
gluttony is a sin and that my friends is
how you make some true American cookies
I'm Sierra peeling and make sure you
vote for me in the 19 2008 12 election
I'm a real go-getter in a total 100%
American and remember kids don't do
drugs and don't have sex with people
before you get married unless you're my
daughter
oh yeah we had so much fun going to Rome
today didn't we you guys like this video
make sure you subscribe to my channel we
put out new videos every Wednesday
marbles edits and all himself so
congratulations good job today we also
have a Facebook and a Twitter and a vlog
channel so check those out and if you
didn't like this video then I don't
fucking care now if you excuse me I
gotta go to the gym because I eat those
cookies and I'm trying to get my butt to
look like this right here if you click
anywhere in this area you'll see you'll
see my butt my butt spur Asian alright
gotta go to the gym right here but
spiration watch that get a blood spray
should go to the gym and we'll whip up
there like I felt splatter Asia
