oh hi I need to talk to you guys about
something so I'm not saying how these
days all time and I'm not saying that
you should do this all the time either
um but I definitely have those days when
I wake up and I am just not ready to
take on the day at all when I was in
college I used to drink energy drinks
and stuff to stay up at night to study
for an exam but now I like drink them in
the morning just to wake up because my
whole life is in slow motion until noon
so I'll drink to your coffee or an
energy drink or something and then I get
impatient that it's not working
immediately so then I drink something
else and then all of a sudden it's like
the caffeine apocalypse and it doesn't
really sink in until later that it was a
bad choice to drink all of those things
but it's happened on like multiple
occasions so I still obviously have yet
to learn my lesson but when I do it it
looks something like this
it's paint like me because I'm a girl oh
yeah does not taste like what I thought
it would Oh God I'm still not awake oh
my god I need this black one because it
means XS right I don't feel anything I
just feel like I'm gonna pee my pants
I'm feel so good
wait a second yes I do Oh red I'm gonna
talk to people on GJ what are you doing
what anyway I want to come over no
matter what my mom is doing my underwear
I don't know why what are you doing
later
wanna play squirt go out of your wee-wee
don't answer that I didn't mean to ask
you that that was for someone else
just kidding answer Oh fucking genius
don't I can know anything what time is
it yeah do you want to go to the movies
later just kidding I can't sit down yeah
no I'm fucking excited I could clean my
Wow I got clean the whole world ah
sweating me fucking ass off
I feel like look like I think I'm having
a heart attack
oh yeah like I'm in that movie limitless
or Jurassic Park all kind of fucking
dinosaur walk away to China turtle back
yeah turtle Prussia where am I here oh I
just pooped whoa
yes whoo Kermit spider-man bask bounce
kidding and that's usually the end of
that I really hoped I can stop doing
that but it's gonna be hard considering
the last time I did it was today make
sure you subscribe to our channel we put
out new videos every Wednesday we also
have a vlog Channel and a Facebook and a
Twitter Oh
marble I seriously need to go to sleep
now because I drink a lot of that
