let's go to ESPN comm I wanna read
sports just aches and look at articles
and stuff like that
Oh FAT FAT FAT FAT wait this isn't right
oh maybe I should masturbate to some
porn spank wired.com FAT FAT FAT FAT
maybe I should click on a video oh yeah
that girl's got a fad at boobie
oh no our vagina looks like an RV
sandwich looks like it's got a chicken
neck oh that's gross pat pat pat pat pat
pat pat oh what's this
would you like to grow your dick 15 more
inches yes yes I do I will buy a
lifetime supply my dick is gonna be
packing it's gonna be like a whippet
milling hurt pictures with it they'll be
like oh I'll stop it and I'll be like Oh
big dick yes I would like to read the
testimonials oh it doesn't work
motherfuck all right I need a lot of
Facebook well haul that girl really got
fat I'd still fuck it let's see what my
ex-girlfriend is doing well fuck is that
dude she have a new boyfriend stupid
fucking bitch fucking fine I'm gonna
stalk some new girls with all these
girls making it duckface chucking up
deuces everywhere the fuck is that about
dan like some secret gang for hot girls
I don't know but it gives me a boner I
got fat fat fat fat fat fat no God I
don't want to blow it looking at that
girl she's so ugly gotta go back to porn
guy go back to porn guy no no it's this
gay porn all over the place no I am not
gay well that guy's got some
nice-looking abs I wonder what he does
to work out oh my god focus
no no what's this tranny porn this is
even worse well I guess that sort of
looks like a girl well I guess just
don't look at the dick oh look at the
dick FAT FAT FAT FAT FAT FAT that wha oh
my god I feel disgusting about myself
I'm so ashamed
well better go eat something
Wow look at her mustache sorry guys you
knew this video is inevitable yeah we
had to follow up what girls do on the
internet with what boys do on the
Internet so that's what happened make
sure you subscribe to our Channel we put
out new videos every Wednesday yeah and
also the vlog channel if you want to
subscribe to that and see things that
happen in my majestic daily life okay
bye
it's a nice looking mustache
