let's go to Perez Hilton ha ha ha
I wanna we've slammed gossip and stuff
like that things in the cat cats so
stupid oh my god I'm getting distracted
ok tumblr gif gif
look at that gift it's moving all around
Oh gift ha ha gifts are so funny
boop boop I'm going to tweet you give
let's see what else we got in this
Twitter machine I would drag my balls
across a mile of broken glass just to
hear you fart through a walkie-talkie
well that's nice I guess reach was eat
yeah look at those boobies boobies
boobies boobies boobies sleep oh my god
John focus let's go to another website
oh look at that girl's butt robot looks
so good why can't my butt look like that
dear but if you could do that thing that
I'm looking at right now that would be
great thanks love Jonah
oh my god I'm upside down alright I'm
back I'm so hungry
no I want a cake no no no think of your
bot think of your button Oh what's this
would you like to buy three months of
lesbian porn hmm okay my gay I don't
know
oh yeah big today no no no I like boys
dude porn what is wrong with that guy's
dick looks like a boomerang that's
looking at me how the fuck does that
word sick tat brah what's that that
tribal sign for douche homeboys got a
dangly ball sack oh my god get some work
done Facebook my ex-boyfriends new
girlfriend wants to be friends I accept
so I can stop your pictures oh good for
you
yourself when a good-looking fucking dog
why does he like me more such a jerk
like me fucking thongs making my
butthole itch oh my god my butthole
itches should not have shaved so close
to my butthole my butthole my ball my
ball my behold
oh my god never get anything done today
god damn you Internet make sure you
subscribe to our channel we put out
those videos of her Wednesday yeah kermy
is a good one word okay say bye for now
goodbye see we're gonna go for a walk
and do stuff little do stuff good
