oh hi so I do really pay attention a lot
to like your Facebook messages and
Twitter messages and all that and
something that people suggested a bunch
was we want to see a day in your life
and I'm gonna warn you right now my life
is like super boring really boring so
lucky for you I taped my entire morning
this morning so without further ado this
is usually what happens like every day
early you just let me sleep well fuck
are my glasses
oh well we out Hey
all right Google my boobie doo doo doo
doo doo well make me breakfast marbles
is firework come on let your mama bears
won over what noises ooh Birla one has
over a walkie-talkie that's a trick
question so hot out here
like paprika what what the what the fuck
is this supporting I was the supporting
my test the fuck
what is my life Wow what I like about
the show we will be in the water man get
all wet in the shampoo he did perfect
don't tan damn you mom and dad I'm gonna
be a pale white girl Frye polite tiger
me boom is a makeup artist makeup
artists kermit will you do my makeup for
me thanks brother looks fantastic if you
see Matt make up something your dog they
will do your makeup but it doesn't work
for cats because cats are selfish and
irresponsible mama will you do my hair
for me please marbles I'm getting a
really question your taste in hair but
thanks for your help done the rest of my
day is something like phone calls emails
and working on the internet if you don't
know how to use the internet it goes
something like this
step one get on the Internet step two
google cats step 3 lol forever and
that's not it make sure you subscribe to
my channel we put out new
Yoos every Wednesday haha
captain my bull he's a hero gonna take
the marbles down to zero oh you didn't
like that one huh I thought it was good
