whoa silver unicorn I want to make fun
of my hat rainy today our hair is not
having it today Israel's going to be a
little bit of elaboration and a little
bit of clarification most of you guys
aren't familiar with my video face looks
like me like this it's called how to
avoid talking to people you don't want
to talk to if you don't know the video
I'm talking about you need to go look it
up on my channel or google it or
something ready you go you're done okay
so obviously for those you on my Twitter
and Facebook I get your pictures I see
on my Facebook wall you guys make in the
face you love the face and something
that people keep telling me is that the
face didn't work for them which I find
to be almost impossible the key element
to the face is that you commit to it you
can't just throw a guy a goofy ass face
and expect him to leave you alone you
have to stand there until he actually
leaves it could take an hour now that
being said I really I honestly I don't
understand how this doesn't work for you
guys and girls we all know that the
conventional methods of trying to lose a
guy do not work I'm a LESBIAN I have
herpes I'm pregnant I'm married I have a
boyfriend I have 25 kids let's get
married
I want to have your babies because if a
guy wants to just sleep with you he
really doesn't give a fuck about any of
that the only thing that's gonna get rid
of the guy that you don't want to talk
to is if you scare the absolute fucking
crap out of him guys don't like loose
cannons so I'm gonna give you some more
ideas but there is possibility that
you're just a really rude person I'll be
straight up honest because when I admit
to the face I really want to use it like
two times my entire life like I don't
really know how many assholes you guys
really have to deal with
I mean I understand there there are
those situations you know once in a blue
moon where you really think someone's
gonna cut your skin off and wear to
their birthday party so save this for
that but chances are if you can't pull
the face off the problem is you're
probably not committing to it you
probably have friends giggling you know
you're you're giggling or something
these techniques require you to
wholeheartedly become them okay so after
you throw the face of someone it doesn't
work step one would be introvert for a
second reflecting on yourself and think
am I an asshole why is it that I'm not
talking to this person maybe they're a
nice person maybe they just try to
finger blast you on the dancefloor
maybe he rubbed his ball sack on you
maybe he passed you while he was trying
to dance with you inappropriate pants
off dance off if you can clear that step
with confidence if this person sucks
then you can move on to the techniques
step two would be pick one of the
following techniques and commit to it
like a motherfucker I'm I need practice
at home figure out which one's you're
good at which one's your forte which
one's your strong suit and then whip
that one out for the kill technique one
spontaneously turn into an animal such
as a dog Oh
also known as the DMX or dolphin or a
turkey Oh or a Velociraptor I personally
like Velociraptor because you can gently
bite or claw them which usually scares
them away but same thing is the face you
can't just make an animal noise expect
them to leave you alone you have to
become a dog dolphin Turkey Velociraptor
for the next hour until they leave you
alone technique to spontaneously become
Helen Keller no Helen Keller in for like
five seconds will you have the Helen
Keller for the rest of the night or a
turtle a person really believes that you
have gone deaf and blind technique three
spontaneously burst into a never-ending
song I personally enjoy the actual never
ending song well with different words to
it so that applies to the situation it
makes the person feel really
uncomfortable this is the conversation
that never end yes it goes on and on
what the fuck you started talking to me
and now you won't fucking stop Kenny
please leave me the fuck alone because I
don't want to talk to you thing that
over everything they say until they walk
away technique for spontaneous explosion
of emotions technique was adapted from
my lady gaga video now you can either
use this alone or with the face Hey
Oh technique 5 spontaneous planking do
that until they go away forever
technique 6 is only for super super
SuperDuper emergencies and I'm also not
going to demonstrate it for you but it's
to pee it or shit your own pants now
that says leave me alone like doo doo
butter in my pants if a guys still wants
to talk to you after you've done any all
or a combination of these you should
probably talk to him because he says
they're a really fucking cool and has a
sense of humor or be watches jenna
Marbles videos so now you guys have
something in common
big a move I rise gay pregnant Jenna
bobble get people pregnant invite me to
your wedding after you clean up the piss
and shit on yourself oh and you welcome
make sure you subscribe to our channel
we make new videos every Wednesday whoa
you smell Amazon but Kirby likes to
sniff his own farts
