oh yeah so those of you are familiar
with my channel ah I occasionally do
things like this when I have something I
need to say and I say it I'm not gonna
put food on my face or pretend to be
someone today because sometimes I forget
oh yeah but I will tell you if you're
easily offended uh you go ahead and just
stop watching this video right now and
it's not a fact might as well just like
click off the internet and like sign off
forever and go turn on like Sesame
Street or something and just watch the
rest your life because it aren't care
like I've literally never given a fuck
and I'm not getting a single fuck today
what I have to say has to do girls and I
know that a lot of girls watched my
video so maybe it's not a good idea for
me to do this because I still don't
fucking care so I was having
conversation with one of my guy friends
and he's like dating girls they're
having that awkward like who should pay
for the first date conversation which is
weird enough as it is and that's its own
to be one of itself but we started to
get more and more into talking about
these gender roles that people have and
my point was that I was fucking so sick
of hearing all these girls be like oh
there's a double standard like well guy
I can sleep with tons of girls and
that's fine but girls can in there slut
and then you got your feminists that are
all like group power like we were all
equal right so you want to be true
Douglas Davis guys we want jobs we want
this one with that which is all good
great thank you for fighting for us
great but then they turn around and I'm
talking heterosexual women they turn
around and they still have these old-ass
gender roles where they're looking for
their prince charming and a knight in
shining armor and the guy is supposed to
pay for everything the guy supposed to
take care of that mean you want to talk
about double standard you want all the
rights that a guy has you want to be
treated exactly like a guy you want
the same respect same everything and yet
you want them to take care of you I mean
how many girls you know like this
they're like I won't do a guy unless he
buys me X Y & Z and you pay for doing
any pants with this and he pays my bills
and their main goal in life is to
basically find a rich guy take care of
them forever but yet they want still all
the same rights as a man and they sit
around and they're like yeah are all the
good guys how come no one wants to date
me and like buy me shoes and take care
of me like I need to get my nails done I
mean I'm sorry here's a reality check
for you okay these are the gift-giving
holidays your birthday and like
Christmas Hanukkah that kind of Kwanzaa
whatever whatever you celebrate in the
wintertime those are the gift-giving
holidays means someone gives you flowers
on Valentine's Day that's like super
nice but like you do not need fucking
presents and trinkets and fucking shit
all day every day okay princess you do
not need that no no when was the last
time you bought your a boyfriend fucking
brand new pair of sneakers they are for
swamps and your fucking when was the
last time you bought my new suit
when was the last time you fucking did
any of that for him what the fuck should
he do that for you like how can you want
to be treated as an equal and complain
about double standards when you hold the
biggest double standard ever especially
in this economy it's like okay you you
have all the same rights as guy and
perhaps maybe your job is better than
the guy that you're dating doesn't that
make you the breadwinner aren't you the
one supposed to be taking them out to
dinner and fucking ping care of them
like the fuck in front of you that I've
had a miserable job lose share with my
first job right I work today
by my job was to clean up toenails
fingernails the waxing room and do
laundry every day after school for about
$5 an hour and I'm like 15 years old and
I'm like this is awesome I have so much
money like yes and for me to spend that
money on someone else knowing how many
toenails I had to clean up in order to
earn it like spending your money on
other people is really nice gesture like
really nice and I think I've probably
had like five or six slave jobs since
then where it's like okay I get like I
understand you're gonna buy me a beer or
you're gonna you know try to court me
like you spending my on me means a lot
that's very nice of you and I might no
means expect you to do it because you
probably have a slave job too we're both
slaving all day every day and for you to
just expect a guy to buy you shit just
cuz you were born with a vagina is
absolutely out of control so for all you
girls out there though real sad tonight
pouching haagen-dazs and reading Cosmo
about how no guys will teach you and
fucking buy you everything and you have
high standards for that we're all good
men they're dating other girls that
fucking get it right while you're
sitting around complaining and trying on
your different pearl necklaces putting
on your different boat shoes and fucking
khaki skirt and your pastel colored
color polo shirt whatever while you're
being stuck a bitch the rest of us are
out earning our own money buy your own
shit oh yeah and then and then after I
buy my own shit yeah then maybe maybe
I'll fucking take you out dinner be like
here you want a beer yeah let's let's go
out front now it's on me whatever I mean
like unless you're at home taking care
of his babies cuz you can't work cuz you
had a baby then you know you should be
fucking making your own money or unless
he's like super super super fucking rich
and maybe he really wants to take care
of fuck I mean girls that's you thing if
you're looking for a guy take carries
rest her life go for it
but don't sit around and fucking
complain to the rest
us how no one wants to buy you fucking
shoes and clothes and give you a free
ride for life because you have tics and
a vagina unless you want to be treated
like a pair of tits and a vagina oh
that's all I would say about that and
for all my gays lesbians transgender
transsexual people you're gonna have to
let me know in the comments or something
how your gender roles are and if you
have to deal with the same fucking
bullshit that we do please subscribe to
my channel put out new videos every
Wednesday and if you are one of those
sad girls out there that is looking for
a rich man and you're really upset about
it why don't you just get a dog breaker
yeah only love you
