okay so before I make this video I have
to tell you why I'm doing it I keep
having these like apocalyptic dreams
where this horrible like world ending
catastrophe happens and I always die
like for example I had this one dream
where I was driving under this bridge
this giant bridge and then it fell on
top of me with all cars on it there was
like water all around and I was dead and
wake up and I'm like the fuck like it
was a stupid dream like that whatever so
I'll go back to sleep
boom I have another apocalyptic dream
there's like a meteor that hits the
earth it blows up and everyone's dying
and I'm dead and wake up I'm like really
again like the fuck so I'm like so
stupid I fall back asleep boom I get
abducted by aliens boom I get punched in
the face by chocolate Elle boom alright
Naser it sits on me and I'm crushed and
I die and every single one of these
trips and I wake up in between them like
the fuck so then I think to myself Jenna
do you know what this means I'm like no
it means you're gonna die eventually and
then you need to tell everyone that you
know how much you love that and I'm like
well how do I do that
you need to write people love poems
because it's old-school and no one does
it anymore and thinking like I don't
really know how very poem like nothing
ever arrives and they just call
Kerkorian stupid but that's the best
part about love poems is that it's such
hot fire love that it doesn't even need
to write so I'm like ah I think I'll
give it a try especially with Mother's
Day coming around the corner it's like
you can tell your mom how much you love
her in a poem and have it be sexual
scratch that don't do that that's really
inappropriate but for everyone else you
can you can tell them how much you love
that man a poem because it's cool and
creative Shakespeare so here is I love
poem to you guys that you know just
close your eyes or keep your eyes open
and imagine that I'm telling it to you
well how much I love you and then if I
die that you know how much I love you
I swear I wear too bad don't ask
questions so I've been meaning to tell
you that I love you but I want to put it
in a poem dear sweet angel baby lover I
want to touch your turtle pie
Tinky Tinky Winky and then fill it with
cream I want to bake your muffins
twinkle twinkle little sexy time you
smell better than a stale fart on an
airplane much much better you make my
heart go mmm berries what that noise it
was the sound of a thousand angels
getting bolder dogs very sweet beanie
bake you a cake as fast as I can we
sweet butter flour and the mat so I can
get you in my net and make sweet sexy
sexy
I want to bathe you and then I'll shave
you milky milky cocktail I would buy you
anything you want from the dollars go
ahead pick anything you want because
you're worth let me catch touchy touch
tough Urton you look like a robot part I
want to play a game with you called
pillow lucky lucky walk and then kiss
your face and hold your hand oh I just
wanted to let you know that if I died
and then maybe you died we would have a
ghost party and I would make you all of
your favorite flavored jello shots and
we will get Ghostface wasted
so that was my love poem to you I hope
you felt it cuz it came straight from my
heart so you should either send this
video someone that you love or make your
own love poem someone because you could
die in like a freak sprinkle avalanche
and if you don't tell the people that
you love that you love them they'll
never know so please subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos every
Wednesday and PS I fucking love you i
freakin love you guys I love you
