a lot of you guys follow me on Facebook
and Twitter you know I've been in LA
this whole week so today's video is
gonna be a little bit different on what
I usually do because I don't have my
kitchen I don't have food to put on my
face button really weird but I've been
having a great time so here is something
that I did while I was in Illinois all
right
what's up over here and gun range get in
here Richard Ryan why are you scared
listen you got to consummate YouTube
professionals when it comes to firearms
Richard Ryan and myself so you have
really nothing to worry about that
intensive yeah we are I know a mile and
life waiver for $15 yeah the whole way
over here she sweat did did the
paperwork we just filled out scare you
yeah big-time
shit organ donor anytime we're filling
out paperwork that says if you get shot
it's not our bad it really is so there's
our target set up and there's all our
beautiful weapons so we're gonna see how
good you do now no offense you are a
girl so I look at those guns we're going
to give you the benefit of the doubt
knock so here the ghosts are going to be
sure
do they look scary so let's tell you how
to tell you how to keep yeah sure what's
up it's an acquired skill you're too
stiff yeah it's the recoils not gonna
like hit you in the face or anything I'm
positive
okay so Dennis decided the first gun
she's going to shoot is the super
awesome ar-15
you ready are you getting nervous here
push it in okay see your thumb there you
go like that and so see how shake and do
you're doing it just like that
so the clips inside of it yeah put it on
wait oh it's taking put like that hold
hold it right there now look down inside
of it my face no no just keep right
there I look down at you ready Gianluca
bag of dicks I don't you don't look like
a bag of dicks kid alright I just shot
gonna not just any gun what was it an
ar-15 semi-automatic assault rifle and I
just crushed that part of the mountain
over there she crushed it with a 223
shell she crushed the whole mountain
moved it wound it all the way to Nevada
and then it exploded and the unicorn
came out and they wrote a rainbow all it
was epic
sorry the camera died at that point so
we'll meet you guys next time
high-five on that crap yes Richard just
made me shoot a gun yes dad she was safe
about it she was safe
how do you feel ah scribe how you feel
um I feel a little bit like I don't know
an assault rifle might make you feel
like a fucking licensed killer feel
badass killed everyone
why don't we shop like a beetle or
something out I definitely killed some
she she's an insect murder
yeah murderer I don't feel bad
I'm jenna Marbles I'm Richard Bryan I
just fucking killed everything over
there shot late on three time week a
little clearly tell everyone no and if
you guys want to check out more stuff
from richard ryan his channel I'll link
it below but it's called rated-r are
like it said on his shirt and he shoots
stuff with guns and it's really kind of
cool um so yeah I I know this is a
little bit different but I hope you
liked watching me freak out and be a big
baby and then shoot a gun and then brag
about it like I was a boss make sure you
subscribe to my channel you can
subscribe to Richard's channel I put out
new videos every Wednesday and I also
have a vlog channel you can check out to
where I put up cool things that you
can't find anywhere else on the Internet
except maybe my Facebook or Twitter okay
now I'm getting on a plane I'm going
back to Boston
hi hmm a bird just flew past that window
