stuff it deep I think that the meaning
of life is to convince as many men to
tongue punch my fart box as possible I
don't know you know that but I invented
a genre of music crap yodeling oh oh how
long is that been in there yeah I mean I
am like the most creative and inventive
person I know bla bla bla bla bla bla I
was like Joan Rivers has snatched
because it's like mysterious no one
knows what it looks like uh oh uh uh uh
my songs are about like drinking
partying letting strange men taste my
yeast infection my pubes are my pubes
when I was born I was covered in glitter
and I ate my own placenta and I actually
came out of my mom
flat hole which was cool and different
vaginal birth is for people that want to
play by the rules I'm a role model my
goal is for the future which we get away
on and see how many guys I could bang
without contracting herpes
oh wait I'm kidding I have herpes so
joke's on everybody else I really like
that like free STD clinic please at
places like cheers to me cuz everybody
knows my day hey I stay in shape by
drinking liquor and puking liquor and
shitting out condoms you know like when
you're not really sure what you did the
night before but you know that you have
to take a shit so you go shit
and you hear like and then here you hear
like and that's a condom it really gives
you that like flat six-pack
plus it kind of feels good coming out
condoms out my a yes
