oh hey there there's a dog in my shirt
hi okay so today I want to share with
you something again I think I invented
but I'm not sure but I don't know anyone
else that does this I'm not really a big
fan of pet names like when you call
something sweet or hon or baby honey
pants babycakes sweetheart sweetie pie
dear lover like I almost feel like it's
degrading when girls use pet names on
other girls like hey Haim can you reach
that for me and I'm like no if you're
gonna call me that hon like dude I
thought we were friends why are you
calling me hon like my grandma calls me
that how old are you when you say that
stuff to a guy and they immediately get
that like weird mom feeling from you
like what last time I checked guys don't
really like being called sweetie and
sweetie pie and shit like in front of
their friends just a weird situation
like all right you look like an idiot
and now that person feels really
uncomfortable so I came up with a
formula yes a formula like a scientist
mathematician to making pet names for
people that are not offensive and are
awesome you take an adjective something
delicious and an animal and you add them
together in a row now of course is
totally up to interpretation so it can
be whatever you want some of them are
probably better than others depending on
situation but I'll give you some
examples I'm going to take sparkly
cupcake Maps you sparkly cupcake mouse
fluffy marshmallow kitten well aren't
you just a fluffy marshmallow kitten
here's a real-life application see a guy
buys you a drink at a bar most girls
would just be like hey thanks but you
can say thanks a lot you tasty muffin
snake and first the guy is probably
gonna be a little bit confused but then
he's gonna be like I think I want to
titty fuck that girl and then he's gonna
grind his penis on your pothole bing
bang boom that's how babies are made
glittery brownie bear pretty pickled
porcupine
you look like a sexy candy panda today
you see how awesome that is like first
of all I am flattered and second of all
I am wowed by your creativity double
compliment now let me give you some
examples of how this formula can go
terribly wrong depending on your
interpretation of the formula you could
really have this backfire hairy baklava
turtle sweaty pizza unicorn smelly
spaghetti will dirty hot dog horse you
see how it's kind of yeah so just try
and keep the adjectives and animals and
delicious things kind of on the positive
side and made me think them through a
time or two before you use them on real
people but I promise you that if you're
calling another girl this she's not
gonna be offended or feel weird if
you're calling guy this he's gonna be
confused but then he's gonna realize
that he wants to put his penis in or on
you somewhere so yeah that's my formula
for awesome pet names so go and get out
there and call some people some strange
names make sure you subscribe to my
channel and put out new videos every
Wednesday and if you don't subscribe to
my channel then you are a stinky burrito
monkey well the Deaf works for insults
ooh we're fucking geniuses
