what's up everybody it's Justin Bieber
everybody knows I got away with the
ladies Kim Kardashian wants a piece
Chelsea Handler wants a piece Selena
Gomez already got a piece I got that
shit on lock so I'm gonna teach all you
fellas out there how to get all the
girls to fall in love with you bitches
now I'm not gonna laugh
I'd say ninety-six percent of my game is
the fact that I'm fucking gorgeous and
sing like an angel sliding down a
rainbow play my parents they did it but
I'll tell you the other 15% of my game
that you can do get the bitches excited
where's the hoodies colors like purple
silver skinny jeans shows off your ass
in your junk sunglasses all the time
pitch and haircut are you kids food the
Doritos back there fucking candy bars
for breakfast lunch and dinner
I need that sugar rush to charm your
fucking pants off makes grown women want
to get naked don't be mad at me when I
get your mom pregnant she started once
you have our attention from our
good-looking you are better step your
game up if you want to get to second
base singer a song about how pretty she
looks
yeah I like your old navy t-shirt then
impress it with a clever trick what size
shoe you wear big girl I'm gonna guess
size
BAM you'll be feeling her boobs over
abroad no time tell her a joke what kind
of bees make milk boobies
BAM second base should be like ah ah if
that doesn't work obviously this picture
is wet but if you still want to get with
her tender with the dance moves penny
drop okay it's a loser if you feel
uncomfortable taking advice from me I'll
just have you know that according to
most religions and science books I'm a
man
and I'll say I'll told you so when I'm
your legal stepfather because I married
your mom JB up above scientists if you
guys like this video make sure to
subscribe to my channel I also have a
vlog channel another random video
channel that you should definitely check
out and to be making videos everyone say
yeah anyway there's gonna be really good
well right so we'll see you next week
