magic I can do it I don't use a lot
because I only do tricks with my mind
meet my assistant dog assistant all real
magicians have dogs
watch me do magic
fucking magic I could do levitation just
kidding I can't I can disappear I'm back
I can read your mind boobies
I can make sandwiches I wasn't hugged as
a child I don't do cards guards are for
babies
I do explosions boom goes the dynamite I
like cats on fire it didn't work you're
useless
you haven't even helped ever condemn a
penis vagina ass face taint it's magic
if you guys liked this video make sure
you subscribe to my channel I also have
a random video channel on a blog channel
so if you want more of me that's where
you'd find me actually got the idea for
this video from my facebook
so thank you for your suggestion and if
anyone wants to follow my facebook or my
Twitter or my blog put the links below
and you could be responsible for my next
video wait so we're done yeah that's
about it we make new videos every
Wednesday we I like your tie he's so
formal
