okay so for anyone that's never been to
my house before uh my life is like a hot
mess like hot mess and I'm also like the
best procrastinator of all time right
now I think I have maybe like the
dirtiest room on planet Earth
like it's just full of crap ah ah and I
really don't feel like cleaning it I
don't I don't feel like cleaning it I
don't feel like doing my laundry I don't
feel like doing any of that so here's a
list of things that I would rather do
than clean my room
kermy hat marble at table alliance beer
smoothie banana face grow a beard
popcorn hands peanut butter face peanut
butter and jelly face peanut butter and
jelly
toilet paper hat face chili face chili
face noodles punch bake a Kermit baked a
marbles make baby food eat chocolate
smoked chocolate throw up from a smoking
chocolate cry about your life peanut
butter dog face snort chocolate throw up
from sorting chocolate turtle backpack
turtles thin cry about your life I'm
sure you throw up so yeah that's what I
did today I'm stuff
cleaning my room it was a productive day
if you guys like this video make sure to
subscribe to my channel I also have a
vlog channel and another random video
channel that you can subscribe to as
well for more videos and if you guys
won't make a video response or leave in
the comments things that you like to do
instead of cleaning your room or instead
of your grown-up responsibilities leave
them in the comments or make me a video
response I'd love to post them on my
blog so yeah that's loaded hey you
you're doing we make new videos every
Wednesday
