alright so for those of you who follow
my blog wwo comm or my facebook over
twitter or you subscribe to my channel
thank you um you know I was supposed to
be in Cancun this week I was supposed to
be rolling around on the beach in my
like triangle little tiny baby nipple
bathing suits having a great time in
making videos all week but due to an
unfortunate series of events basically
barstool didn't sell enough trips for us
all go down there and didn't make enough
money so combination of a lot of things
we didn't get to go and we're not going
and I am so heartbroken I am so upset I
want to go to Cancun so bad first of all
I need to thank Bella beachwear because
this is a company that I used to order
what studio order all of my bathing
suits from um they're inexpensive
everything's like plain and not crazy
there's not like mad crazy stuff
happening it's just a nice cute bathing
suit so I've been ordering from them
from years I reach out to them because
jenna Marbles channel is not one big
fucking commercial for things that you
don't want um
yeah you're welcome just kidding um I
reached out to them and I was like hey
I'm going to Cancun ah can I get a free
bikini if I like put it in my videos I'm
like hey thanks Bella betray and they're
like oh yeah sure and they sent me
bikinis and now we're not going to
Cancun so I'm like how am I gonna do
this like how am I gonna say thank you
in my video for these bikinis that
fishes that means - bikinis was so nice
of her and I was like how I'm gonna say
thank you so like basically if you watch
this video out of context you're like
all its girls a horror walk around in
their bathing suit but this is really
what I was gonna do in Cancun I was
really gonna put that shit on roller on
the beach all week and make videos in
Cancun in like no clothes and I don't
want to deprive you guys of that like
yeah I ate a Baconator the other
okay but I did have a six-pack it's gone
um so yeah this is this is basically
what you missed by us not going to cake
Oh
first of all you missed every single
with my adorable bikinis quickly
me
you missed me swimming
you missed me swimming in a waterfall
you missed me winning a wet t-shirt
contest what did you cover yeah oh yeah
oh yeah you missed me laying on the
beach hanging out with all the stray
Mexican dogs laughs stop licking way
Oh
oh yeah
so I just want to say fuck you series of
unfortunate events that led us to not go
to Mexico ah but hopefully this has
given you guys some ideas of things that
you can do when your spring break trip
gets canceled motherfucking fuck Cancun
fuck what the fuck
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
so you can see my videos every week and
visit my blog put all the links and info
and I will be making new videos every
Wednesday hey Mexican dog hey and if you
guys like the song used in the video
it's by crunked which it's called battle
be on available on iTunes put the link
down here and they are a local band to
me they're in Maine and they have blonde
hair I will be interviewing them in
April we
