all right so I'm making this video this
isn't even content that's going to be
like an unedited rant about something it
needs to be said
that's right Kermit ah I might add if it
gets out of control
but this needs to be said right now so
I'm I'm going to the gym like a lot
because going to Cancun in a week in six
days and apparently a lot of people are
also going to the gym and something that
makes me so angry so angry
like I'm not judging anybody in the gym
I don't care like whatever at my gym
there's like a little all women's
section that I like to work out in
because it's like small not crowded and
if there's no like creepy people or the
I look to pick things up and put them
down kind of guys you know I mean look a
commercial so I go up I can work it out
in this little like all women's section
and there's always someone on my few
litical next to me you know the people
that do this move and they're like
looking over like like this like you
can't tell looking over on your thing
you see see how many calories you burn
how fast you're going how long even on
there like what your heart rate is and
I'm like I feel like I'm like I'm taking
the SATs I'm like keep your eye on your
own elliptical stop within my elliptical
first of all second of all like if you
guys are showing it on my vlog channel
where I talked about like my diet and
exercise and stuff is long and boring
sorry that's why it's on my blog channel
but I talked about how when I work out I
use the elliptical and I do think called
hits where you're doing like five
minutes of like you know jogging or like
regular pace and then for a minute every
like five minutes you do like hard
sprints now I'm not like on the
elliptical like a gazelle over here
going like this as fast as I can I'm nah
I do it any other regular person would
do and I I click this little button that
people don't seem to know exists called
the level and I go up up up up up I'm on
like level 30 and I'm going like this
fast like this sprinting for a minute
that's like sprinting like this and the
people next to me I always just like
because I'm going faster that net girl
you know that look that that person next
to you gives you where they're like
you're like almost gloating at you and
you're like dude I'm like 45 and I'm
going so much faster than that 20 year
old over there and I can like feel them
like that girl's like oh my god she's
awful and I'm over there I'm like stop
looking at me let just stop looking at
me like clearly you know what you're
doing because you have your elliptical
on level zero and you're going like this
for 30 minutes and you burn a total of
45 calories and when you keep looking at
mine you might notice that it's only
been 25 minutes I've already burned
7,000 calories like maybe while you were
looking over at my elliptical you would
have noticed that and maybe you would
judge me so much and maybe you wouldn't
think I was so crazy like people people
they use machines I always see so many
people running on the treadmill like
this like motherfucker take that button
push that level up make that treadmill
go like this and then dry running on it
maybe then you'll get a better workout
maybe just to just a guess
throwing it out there your only lip
cause every single person in the gym
except for me on the elliptical talking
women they're all just going level zero
and I'm like but waist deep and a pool
full of molasses like working my ass off
over here and then everyone's like
staring at me like you know you know
people you go to gym and people are like
secretly watching you and then when they
think you're not looking they do the
same thing as you I'm like you think I'm
just going that slow and pouring sweat
pouring sweat I have a towel on like
wiping my face and a drinking water like
I've never seen water and by like like
no no I'm so angry and I'm gonna I'm
gonna go to the gym today I know what's
gonna happen today so when someone's
gonna stare me down and have that gloat
look on her face like that girl sucks at
the elliptical yeah look how slow she's
going good goo I'm gonna deck somebody
I'm trying to get my ass if you're like
real tight
you know like Alessandra Ambrosio so I
can wear those like little scrunchie up
your ass bikini and be like uh-huh
but it's kind of hard to get my shift on
with people all like looking all around
and looking at me like I'm crazy person
no you're crazy person boom
