all right everyone the time has come and
it's time to announce the winner of my
Nintendo 64 giveaway contests first of
all I want to thank everyone who
submitted a video I had a great time
watching all of your submissions you
guys made me laugh you made me cry you
made me all kinds of excited you got the
marble excited the model was excited um
seriously thank you guys if you guys
didn't keep up on the blog on sue Allah
I posted on all the submissions they
were really funny and great but
unfortunately there can only be one
winner and I have chosen winner so now
it's time for a drumroll please drumroll
and the winner is so I'm sitting around
it's a Tuesday night and I feel like
shit because I actually am going through
chemo send around cuz I can't sleep and
I can't wrap a browser channel on
YouTube I think you're freaking
hilarious and I have watched I think
every video now and I saw this n64 thing
I said what why not why not submit just
want to let you in on why I should get
it well and I mean chemo I'm have cancer
I have been taking a semester off of
schools so I can sit around for six
months and get poison injected into me
this is actually a wig this is my real
hair still thinning but I do nothing all
day nothing and i freaking love nintendo
64 mario kart is my shit that's i can
tell you right now i am fucking good at
Mario Kart so it would be really great
if you haven't already sent out the
Nintendo 64 or if you know I mean if the
contest isn't over you should you should
send it my way that would be really
great thank you me so entertained
because I have nothing to do with my
little town while I go through chemo
it's
awesome Thanks I mean how can I not give
it to this girl she is a student she has
cancer I feel all warm and tingly inside
giving her my Nintendo 64 and I have
awesome news for you my friend
so my roommates app I've already told
you guys is so nice and sweet and you
saw him on Ustream cuddling the puppies
Seth
he actually went and found you because
he found out that I was going to give it
to you these two games he got you
double-oh-seven and he got you Mario
Kart as well so I'm going to be sending
you in addition to chameleon twist and
Mario Party 3 you're getting
double-oh-seven
and Mario Kart because we love you and
we hope that you get better soon and
thank you everyone for submitting I am
going to have a contest another contest
coming up soon so get excited for that
it might involve some artwork so it's a
little hint hint
say goodbye marble yeah congratulations
and thank you so much everyone for
submitting it was very fun and exciting
kay bye
