all right so I'm pretty sure I invented
this not positive but I've never seen
anyone do it before this is the most
perfect way to get people to stop
talking to you that you don't want to
talk to if you do this I guarantee
whoever's talking to you will stop
talking to you so I started doing this
and I'll be out with my friends we're
all dancing having a good time got our
hot girl disguises on not in the mood at
all to get hit on motherfucker can't you
see what have enough girls night we do
not want to talk to you now don't get me
wrong
99.9% of time I will talk to anyone that
comes up to me and I am super nuts you
can ask anyone it's a fact but as soon
as your penis touches my butthole
without me knowing then I'm not happy
it's like dance rape I do not want your
junk grinding all up against my ass we
do not know each other this is all
happening so fast can I get pregnant
from this so what do you do you walk
away that doesn't work though you can
turn around tell the guy oh go away they
don't care and they hear stuff like that
all the time so what I started doing is
this guy comes up to you start dancing
on you you turn around and you give him
one of these now the trick is you don't
say anything the whole time
you stand there Bruce it don't change
your face don't look around don't talk
to your friends just stand there
now most people's first reaction is he's
gonna start laughing at you he's gonna
be like dude cut it out just stay in
there then then I get a little angry
they'll be like dude your problem just
trying to dance with you just stand
there done they're gonna say something
like whatever you're fucking weird and
walk away I swear it's like the greatest
thing I've ever come up with you can use
it for virtually any occasion for
someone that you don't want to talk to
almost guy asks you excuse me miss can
you spare a dollar no I can't
I'm broke as fuck and you smell like
piss just thrown this one he does not
want your dollar anymore knock knock
knock on your door who's that excusing
this yeah
to learn about Jesus Christ no no I do
not like to pee on - Saturday how long's
this gonna take I got stuff to do
sealing a nice personal I feel bad
saying no just throw them the face for a
while they'll leave your house right
away it's awesome as long as you don't
care that that person will forever think
that you are the strangest human being
they've ever met in their life
everything works out great you are
welcome
you
