all right so I asked you guys on my
Twitter and on my site wwl calm to send
me your questions so I can answer your
question time to make you a video so I'm
going to answer your questions I know my
hair looks like shit or I didn't have
time to do my hair today alright I got
shit to do you hear that song seriously
here I know it's gonna explode alright
so the first question comes from my blog
comes from King black dude he wants to
know why do chicks not like anal well
king black dude for that question I have
a question for you why do you not like
anal boom Robson next question comes
from Twitter comes from choice a monster
who are your top 5 favorite music
artists well that's like the easiest
question ever
who are the five best rappers in the
world dialogue dialogue dialogue
dialogue dialogue because I spit out
fuck JJ one two one three wants to know
how many times a day or night at work do
you have to deal with guys telling you
they want to bang you guys don't usually
tell me to my face that they want to
bang me they only tell me online so
first person that comes up to me and
says to my face hey I won't bang you
maybe I'll buy you a beer or something
probably won't bang you mr. Marvel's my
paying you Emily xox asks if you were
the opposite sex for a day what would
you do and the answer to that of course
is P my name into a bank of snow
Ryan plea from Twitter wants to know
what's your masters in and what are you
going to do with it well my master's
degree is in counseling sport psychology
from Boston University and I plan on
hanging it up on my wall and staring at
it
that's all time we have for questions
follow me on Twitter Jenna nikki sixx
follow us to Lala come to my blog wwo
comm I'll put all the links and the info
and I'm gonna shoot some videos this
weekend so good
it for next week say goodbye to the
marble hey watch your tongue bro
