all right so first things first I am
back from the dead and this is why I
never shoot videos at night because I
was like cuckoo bananas lighting right
here is like a light right in front my
face like I'm in like a aqua tank um but
I am still running my sight WWC to Allah
calm I'll put the link in the info I'm
updating a little bit trying to work on
making more videos and I start I asked
for ideas today I want to give away
probably the sickest prize of all time
tillu my e um it's an it's a Nintendo 64
ahh
I'm giving away the the thing the gaming
device probably the best thing ever I
don't want you to say this is like crazy
talk right now I'm also giving away two
controllers and and and are you ready
I'm giving away chameleon twist it's
Mario Party 3 and don't worry I will
make sure all this works before I give
it to you but put a post on my blog
today asking for ideas about how I
should give this away and the best
suggestion I got was I want everyone who
wants my Nintendo 64 which if you don't
either crazy make me a video send it to
my email which is tips T IP s tips ATS
to law comm I look with the email
address in the description as well to
the link to your video of why I should
give you my Nintendo 64 so show me your
dorm room show me your terrible cubicle
life and why you're so bored why are you
on my Nintendo 64 um that's what I want
to know I want videos that I want you to
send them to me and I will you're close
to me I will bring you it
myself if you if you live in Kenya I
will ship it to you but I want videos
from you guys of why I should give you
my Nintendo 64 which is the best price
ever I also wanted to mention I'm my
other channel which is Jay Mohr e6x
I'll put the link in the thing or
whatever is where I'm gonna put some
other videos I also started another
channel jennamarbles blog channel again
I'll put the link in there where I'm
just gonna like put all my blog so I'm
not overwhelming you guys with stupid
videos but if you want more videos then
you can have them so yeah so that's
what's going on on I am giving away my
shadow 64 make me videos send me the
links to your videos so that we can all
laugh at them and then I will pick a
winner hopefully by next week and I'll
post their winning video and it's gonna
be fucking party
we marbles Nintendo 64 gets a party
going
