go good
alright so I've been watching spikes
videos as everyone knows I love spike I
love me some spike and I am at work
right now as you can tell I work
part-time as a go-go dancer
I danced my underwear and yeah whatever
um so I I want to take spikes advice
like I really think that he could just
change my game all together and I could
just be like the most epic dancer ever
and I want to follow my dreams and I
want to keep pushing spike just like he
told me I love you I'm your biggest fan
and I'm your dance crew so I'm going to
show you I've been practicing right
alright
number one so myself ready summers oh
brother oh yeah
yes alright summer so - so Mozilla
thumbs up oh oh sorry some drinks some
salt alright now I got what is it so the
floor plan something like that I forget
the name spike but I'm still watching
you now now Cheryl not now all right and
I know my flourish is the flourish but
flare shock I'm reaching for my dreams
just like that alright lastly working on
my fitness because I'm not that good at
fitness not in that great shape as you
can see but here is my sexy push-up I
got my butt up my butt up in the air
push up sexy push up side see push up
Oh cuz geez it's kind of sexual all
right so let's my boobs it's like I love
you I've been working on my shit and
just want to know it's like blaming me
Olivia
love Jonah
