hello earthlings it is I Lady Gaga I
have been credited with writing genius
music and I thought all of you might be
interested to see my creative process if
you will that goes behind these
creations now many people think that I
take drugs like LSD and acid to come up
with my incredibly innovative lyrics but
I actually like to start my day out with
a fruit smoothie I think that the Sun
takes its energy and just injects it
into the fruit and then when I eat it it
explodes inside of my body I also drink
a lot of caffeine once I feel like I am
prepared to write a song the first step
is to start with the beat that would
make even Jesus Christ himself
want to dance
the next step is to sing about things
that don't make sense and to use the
word love a lot why don't you let me do
my laundry
I'll eat cookies and you're drinking me
after you've repeated that process a
couple of times then it's time for the
breakdown
what the fuck dog robot dog everybody
keep going with that same idea until you
get to the chorus the core should be an
explosion of emotion so essentially all
there is to it is a verse breakdown in
chorus and that is why I'm such a genius
Lady gaga
