hello there friends and welcome my
tutorial on how to trick people into
thinking you're really good lucky if you
were born really ugly like me have no
fear there's steps you can take to be
good looking kind of I've already taken
some steps before we even start I bleach
the absolute shit out of my hair and I
tan my skin because if I did it would
look like an albino if you don't want to
tan your skin you can use fake
self-tanner
that way you can ruin all of your
clothes and when it washes off you can
look like you have been alive if you're
blind as a fucking bet like me make sure
you get contact lenses glasses are for
douchebags I also have a retainer now
that you've got all that down it's time
to start getting ready step 1 take a
shower because you're probably dirty oh
that probably took a while cuz you're
one ugly mother now it's time to do make
literally take a bunch of makeup on your
face meat out now it's time to do your
eye makeup I like to use colors like
black because it says I'm a whore the
goal is to make yourself look nothing
like yourself perfect if you're thinking
about going with a more natural look
let's be serious
you're way too ugly to pull that off now
it's time to put on some fake Whore
lashes and drawings and cartoon eyebrows
super duper don't forget your Gucci
lipstick I like this one because it
makes me look like a streetwalker now
it's time to infuse your hair that was
not good for it now remember since you
were born ugly you're probably pretty
weird that means God forbid you ever go
in public you're probably going to
embarrass
don't do any of this or this especially
not this Emily a little bit of this the
next step is go out and get yourself a
job that's super degrading
I picked dancing in my underwear before
I go to work I like to pump myself up by
crying over my master's degree now
remember there's no cure for ugly but
you can make yourself into a human
optical engine I like to leave all my
old facebook pictures on Facebook so
that everyone can know that I really am
an ugly motherfucker so there you have
it
tricking people and just thinking that
you're good-looking when you're really
just a fucking weirdo I realized that
this video is not helpful to men you're
just gonna have to find a girl that
thinks you're funny
