so I'm at the estate right now Sunday
night we're going to dance man Kim I
don't even know if you can see him
actually is and I come home today and
quick update for the world
my roommate took me to court for
property damage and he didn't show up
this fucking douchebag
so I come home tonight and I walk up the
front stairs and there's a fucking
stroller outside so I'm like yeah maybe
it's people upstairs they have a baby I
don't know and I walk inside in here
weakly hey I'm like oh hell no and I
have mr. marbles with me and mr. Barabas
is like ah no he's so pissed off so I'm
like what the fuck is this fucking baby
doing here I'm pretty sure that there's
a strict no baby policy in the house cuz
that's just fucking weird so then I'm
like in the bathroom getting ready to go
to work and I hear someone go into the
bathroom next to me the other bathroom
and they're changing the baby and it's
going fling clean way I'm like get your
fucking baby shit on my fucking face and
out of the fucking bathroom
who the fuck brings a baby into an
apartment I'm like smoking a cigarette
like in the other room like what the
fuck baby where are you from
why are you doing Amber Alert world if
you're missing a baby it's at my house
I'm not gonna say where I live but it's
at my house and if you want to send me a
Facebook message because you're missing
your baby it's at my fucking house but
don't worry it's with the craziest
fucking person in the whole fucking
world mind you I go home with like 9
o'clock at night so like isn't it past
that baby's bedtime like what the fuck
is it doing up what the fuck baby go to
sleep where are you from you're making
the marble angry Oh driving the marble
absolutely fucking insane the marble was
not having it you know what in about
five seconds as well to let the marble
eat it like okay
I'm so pissed off right now and I have
to work at this fuckin old ass lawyer
party like mad old lawyer so we're going
to dance them it's going to be so
awkward and I'm so glad that I was able
to like pump myself up for this because
I just listened to a baby cry and a dog
barking baby crying for like a half an
hour bullshit fuck
