why making a face what can you tell me
how would you feel about letting me give
you a beautiful set of acrylic nails are
you kidding me my hand I mean I don't
come on well we can silk them off can I
have a guarantee that I won't have them
by tomorrow
I can guarantee evil finishes I'm pretty
sure you won't have them but ever since
I did a car like nails and toe nails
people just want me to give them to you
so so much
okay fine yay scale 1-10 how excited
there it is I mean this the lens
retracting back into the camera excited
welcome back to another episode of I'm
born and Julien food incredibly good
scores I thought the most acrylic videos
ever was there makes it to like it did
what senior to my childhood smell with
it you know what people keep asking me
to do your nails which I'd like is why
why do you back that you should have
stopped it - I'm ready to foot massage
at the end not doing it like massage at
the end you know this is a variation to
get a platen massage at the end you know
why am i hearing women is being a good
sport it's going to start benefiting you
can smell your inner Kylie Jenner right
now I'm excited that's all you had to
say now kick it might be a problem
because you got big old fingernail how
am I gonna get that picture all right
hold on how in the fuck am I gonna get
this I like it I have to flatten it all
the way I always put it like a high
perch okay no no no was not good we
don't need water what are you doing
explaining the process I don't even know
what's happening I'm doing a tip on to
your finger you've seen me do these
videos you know how this works
yeah when you make me watch you do your
nose I buy just a channel in like a
blackout mode you're not to use the
thumbnail on all my nails I know I
really am though we're gonna do it why
is it on there dude not sound like it
can you turn off when this is so massage
happen people wait there is smell fuckin
ha there was
talkable foam is oh no there is no clue
okay can I have a focus on people okay I
prefer from know you like answer no hey
relax my fucking hand your hands looked
so relaxed right now like your book by
Peter Griffin ah you have to be careful
with them because that glue will come
online what we just scratched my nail
with my nail enough under your breath
comments about how fucking Big Mike the
fingers are good for you going community
am I pray give me your hand
survivor ever happened for your hearing
a lion waiting out the door yeah very
very very busy
I don't see anyone and took a fire our
survival Oh what oh yeah Linda Johnny
cut you are coming from wait so I don't
know there's a good idea that's like a
gash - it looks like a music thank you I
just like dripping blood but you came
here with the llama an open wound like
this in ER is step one is done but oh
girls are covered
that was easy guys Ricky - ssambap don't
love why he was like I'm being normal I
know what you want from me okay I'm
ready
once you stop talking really good really
oh girl hug it out they add so much food
right away
Wow okay this is kind of fun I was like
in - so I'm going to put some priming
liquid on here I swear to God every year
I get older and one of those sounds come
on my body
know why sorry Anna what the fuck dude
that's your kid who's a field lead beep
I'm good Achille if I pull it off it'll
melt off yes wait are you serious this
is fuck I thought you have to soak you
in acetone my whole body yeah your whole
body you're playing boys I have a Carlos
now so you're in good company
worst-case scenario can't get these off
but that is that is absolutely a
worst-case scenario so you can make a
fist
no man don't stroke me everything I do
I'm afraid I'm gonna break my nail me
I'm not even joking me this look
beautiful like you have these tan hands
like pink nail beds like you look you
doesn't say he put possible sticks on a
sausage
it looks like my fingers that chef hat
on too much want to play with it looks
so fun to play with why are you gonna
like doing this oh yeah I think that
they should be dry by now it like it
really looks good though from you know
like you're really pulling it off don't
do that
oh my god just did your nails for you do
my oh my god what serving fear 5
something tells me that you actually
like I like the Ultimate Universe game
Strauss who sucks at makeup like the
glasses in the Hat in the nails Oh like
I am serving change child's lives police
detect that isn't talented like that I'm
going let me do things yeah I'm capable
pick this up
clean give me something harder don't you
get the dog
no no pedo would you cut him with your
nails or your hands that does not feel
like my hands is a claw machine at the
arcade doesn't that I just hit her okay
coming mean does it feel good no I can't
really enjoy that good type with a nail
well how the fuck what else do it how
I'll feel you ah this is it that's it
you can't just regress I really know
your son Julian there's no way I'm gonna
be able to do this alright nomatter
James I can't I can't do up there verse
no it doesn't all right no that's easy
no you're doing it for outside you
coming after an aside are you kidding me
no now it's telling eyes like this how
are you even eating you've never seen me
go around steal from this side o Queen
it's gone I saw this it just wanted you
to peel it you give me these tools I can
do it them as I please ah okay
no have to pick it up fifteen and Family
Guy if any trying to move the dead cat
fuck I can't put any pressure on it
we're good okay
your daddy wants to pay you they can't
grip you can't correct them kid Griffin
water on what I do uncomfortable thank
you called an animal Thank You strong
never let you go he is mediated you just
touch marble even do it you can do it do
you think around it baby started your
start it how was good ah ah is so
dramatic turn always little snores
getting banana all over his chest
yes we in el no good nasty bird
am i typing really special number
wherever we went
yeah oh I can't even walk my phone no
you can eat yourself hurts when I say hi
to our son over here guys come come here
come here
plug okay he'll just banana in there
Julian I hope I can get them off but I
don't know - I'm serious I know I can
get the tips off I don't know about all
these really time we were doing before
I'm just filing it a little bit so that
the acetone gets in there real good and
then so how does it feel I feel like I
have you what is wrong with you then
that's Oh God stop it whatever yet a lot
of money what do you got oh there's a
price you're not robbing me give me your
other okay no you know what water the
banana out of that hole yeah no you're
doing it with banana in the hole it's
going to be acetone flavor banana
flavored acetone you like legitimately
scared to show I like that I'd try to
eat the banana on email I know he's such
a satirist and I'm always aim and
everything he could like what else John
a sex I'm starting to really put things
those cheeks - he says that he's that so
how long we keep it over for a minute
that's a big gap amoenus two of one look
at this bloodbath you're gonna have
someone here are you cool with that I'm
100% not Y do Ian did it oh hell yeah
girl I love you girl
we've so we're actually broken up now
because you just did that and it was
nasty guys live footage of our breakup
pretty livestream here we go look
important job you do with the cute you
got sensitive cute if this doesn't feel
born
I don't know what it ah no yeah yeah
I feel bad well Julian was it worth it
it was actually kind of interesting to
see how that was though it sucks yeah
yeah I don't know why I honestly don't
know why anyone can do that
do you want to rub this on those other
ones sitter now that they're gone well I
kind of Miss them superior yeah I feel
like a little party actually really like
um once you have them on gets you a
little in the mood not like sex stuff
you're like in the mood pretty 40 it
doesn't look as good it doesn't here
thanks I'm you do you know I love you so
much but I love you more if you're too
close male college no you wouldn't
because I wouldn't do a single dish and
we do anything around the house
everything was a pileup yeah that's a
good quality time together right and we
just around the table I know but there's
no bonding you like ruining a table
together don't be sick okay she's got to
my channel interview is a special
irritates Julian take oh my god this is
not for your skin this is like a hundred
Brit so tomorrow do you want to go to
the nail salon and both get real acrylic
yeah you're doing it at like 1:00 a.m.
tomorrow drop in on one right well see
you guys next week I think about you
guys
