what it'll cost hey guys welcome back to
my channel sometimes I just torture my
dogs and other times I make shitty
beauty videos well the bag and when
there was this week get me there so like
you guys keep watching her makeup videos
so I guess in that case not going to
stop making them because it's fun for me
so this does is this on the internet and
it looks amazing
it's called opposite or reverse
contouring where you just put the
opposite contour in the opposite place
so if you would like to learn how to
opposite contour this video just keep
watching because I'm a professional I
can see up your short if I can I'm
wearing jeans I'm going I see your dick
I'm a girl I'm this like video so I can
just like video have moms on YouTube
long back on YouTube dislike video yes
don't stop disliking my video I'm just
going to get started here guys if you
want me to stop making YouTube videos
guys if you're going to stop making
makeup tutorials then stop liking them
so much usually when I contour I just
use like my own human tears I think of
it into this like nice like let's do all
the highlight first what do you say so
the places that you usually would
highlight are like all of these this is
reversed contour after or normally be
darker yeah I'm getting mine fucked
already are you getting - laughing OH
50 shades don't go oh my god this is so
entreated of black and white picture of
you eating that take over on the
livestream earlier and it just a fifty
shades darker
go get in here because what we want is a
let to hit up cheekbones and bounce
oh she's forced or broken my cheeks all
looks broken
okay my nose looks broke kick you're
already looking back for well finally
the outside matches the intent broken
beaten down sad tired for that matter
nah don't judge me okay judge with you
stop judging me I look like Baltimore
you're a muggle you can't get those
drugs you drawing on marble you feel
female I know I know I look like I'm
waiting in line behind Lindsey Lohan and
Paris Hilton just try and get in that
bathroom cuz I got stuff to do you know
how some crazy drunk you think Eric help
them still does hard drugs mama she
still does honda doing watching the
simple life for the first time ever so
please ignore all of his Paris Hilton
and Nicole Richie jokes from a decade
ago stuff like look at how big and
beautiful my forehead I'm serving some
Owen Wilson in the nose and he stood up
in here now I've officially given myself
almost no eyelid
I look like an insidious that belongs in
a river
give me a Smasher pass right now what do
we do I know it looks like air three
noses okay slowly turn your head to look
a little shorter but we have to bring a
few oh me too hard luck at now I'm going
to go into all the places that I would
normally highlight with a deep heavy
contour to push them back into my fix my
behalf at any point in this video you do
one-on-ones just finish your fucking
face now the trick is to get this
contour
nice in these lines and crevices
crevices oh you know I thought you'd be
a little more open-minded you watch an
awful on face off if it's natural to do
it well though not don't forget about
the Cupid's bow I promise you this isn't
meant to be offensive but like I have to
highlight my cute well because it was so
weird
hi my life weird that's not so would you
be directly no don't smash your pad I'm
going to start blending now who's
getting better it's looking like day
three or four after a bad sunburn let's
get some good high light in here I'm
going to make these hollows pop baby
kind of all let me dirty
who you calling dirty mehndi trying to
do with progress like this cardboard
that cookie there you really look like I
look like my father
no a little bit uh Carla just like a
dirty old man now what I think it looks
good you didn't do yourself any favors
we also didn't remove it not the worst
thing I've ever seen well good
don't piss me if they loves it I did you
this body shooters right oh love it oh
oh you know what I look like
Sammi Sweetheart right back look at this
little beauty love it alright so there
you guys go
here's the finished look I think it
looks really natural and nice I look
like I went on an expensive ski resort
we would off-roading
verdict and we found it oh it did we
have forever that's what everyone always
thinks when they see this color they're
like that final look I know it looks -
that's me I'm Tim on the outside a pale
goth wood elf on the inside would you
yeah okay
I'm a Britain dragon my special
hash-table productive service come well
I mean I thought this is going to be a
little more dramatic than it is but it
was fun doing it and you know I know the
other I like the way this mustache looks
it's going to be $5 bring that ass who
can you mustache rise one what are you
getting me for Valentine's says yes
white your boy but what I hope that you
thoroughly enjoyed this beautiful river
contour tutorial you basically didn't
need one you just put everything in the
opposite place where they're supposed to
go but you're welcome but yeah make sure
you subscribe to my channel interviews
every Wednesday slash Thursday max press
what incarnation do knock everything
over oh my god
