okay so I know these kinds of videos
aren't everyone's cup of tea so if this
video is not for you quickly I'll see
you next week hey friends that are down
with weird shit I'm going to make it's a
little much of this point but the fourth
one of these be I suck at video games
like people keep requesting them because
I know the people that like these love
them they're fun I like doing them
there's no reason not to as in the fact
of people that hate them vehemently hate
them I downloaded some games on Steam
Julian is here mostly to laugh at me so
there we go
I suck at video games for ammo too loud
in the end that's the volume like it
this was suggested to me on Facebook
this is called I am and I'm anytime
we're at a point where like rubber bands
or something the answer is always bagel
right but please take it why am i doing
you're racing a bagel I'm trying to get
in this color pod you're looking a
little small to make you nice and sure o
to follow these wheels of light we
thought that you actually had to do
something I thought no I did it it only
took me three minutes but I did it at
least to finish wow this game is trash
there's puns in here I've never laughed
on a pun out of anything other than a
courtesy this is garbage back to the
menu become tugs little Boris all hi
everybody my dad ed abilities going down
you're 84 botanical what room I'll eat
it you're right I bet around up to the
airlock stick turning like analogues
what does that mean as an analog stick a
afternoon in Hanoi thank you I know what
a joystick in these yourself to the end
die gracefully I'm not eating that I
agree with them I am I will
that's disgusting Yoji all right I'm
here for 0mt because I can't do anything
with g-george you know to cool off for
us
there's nothing doing aliens a sliding
bread No thank you man I'm making
everything about aliens do you see the
corresponding buttons yeah so why don't
you press them I ant what the fuck you
think I'm doing here I come up you big
you which is the guy she told you not to
worry about there's a great angle stay
over here because you know it's my dream
to make a Twitter account
talking nothing but trash in that 24/7
like this was doing nothing to me an
apartment aside into that sounds like
the DM you can't do it this game is
worse but you also suck I give I am
bread a fucking zero out of ten give it
a 110 because they at least respect to
the five-second rule there is some
five-second rule you drop something just
fucking eat it at your own free will
okay you're gonna be fine because it was
sick casting from what are you eating
bread off the ground
that's what different kind of sick you
like grow up sick people think you're
going to get like fucking me filming
crazy from the ground if you eat like
raw chicken off the ground pie when do
you rub chicken off the plate I mean raw
chicken me bitch
this game's not for me because I don't
know how to play it and I can't play I
don't like it and I don't like what it
stands for
I think you can eat food off the ground
you don't want on with this I'm going to
shut this camera we're gonna tell each
other about this really 15 minutes but
whether or not you can eat things off
the ground
you can t be this medium is good how do
you do it
CP she's playing with dolls and she
looks like she's having or are those
normal sized humans playing with the
giant doll I can't plan it look at it it
says press any key guy looks like hot
air
it could generis huh it's literally been
nothing a lot of truck okay oh hell you
easy be for God
yo y'all wanna sit down oh one not only
one name is written X do this Ferg I do
a windmill into her butt yes how's the
good one
what can I say I'm talking excited and a
bro it doing it on your 15 times break
has a camper again you might have done
but you should put meat anywhere Holly
upon you your mom's worried and she's
shopping playing with toys did you gave
them to me to play with yeah this game
is cool for like five minutes just like
that if I thought if I reminded you
kidding me have you raised that number
at least one minute I'm kidding
I like to fuck all day every other
suspected another job I just the black
cyrillus me of my day job I want some
genital jousting I'm an online
multi-page
ups are considered don't consent you
have to not consent at all if I have
you're playing on my account
yeah yeah oh there I am
you go Fitbit from here we go Fitbit I
love how slippery is hello oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my good
boy I don't get any trouble
over them a whole black further focus
also we are all loyal for oh sorry
give me your balls once again no you're
supposed to give him about let him get
you oh I thought you're supposed to like
I think you do generous she was turned
back I did I would reach genital
jousting tentative drink it everyone
always actively after dad on the screen
so I've never played them reciprocity
mccumby be time you knew CB ladies and
gentlemen everyone welcome to the stage
cinnamon prepare Nanak better than tip
me his own leg as a pole Oh ladies and
jelly welcome Jerry do this she's using
your way through the crowd my goodness
Jerry's really working hard not me me
yeah if you suck different eases some
you and talking to us we can tilt
amendment every minute
you've already Paul this girl will you
marry me fuck yeah yeah
where are my piece of shit cute where
they are
fuck you what you do not now dammit -
you try to happen to be ever drink what
are you sick
I got horses cause my wife is so
annoying because it's the octo divorce
yet
money go free milk jugs baby in away do
something positive how are you Stacy
you know share your convoy port right on
it fuck your head boy
you why where's your cup at oh no oh
there's her tongue screaming hurt can't
keep my name out your low fucking mouth
kids I'm from the fact that these kids
will stop talking hey look at me and my
wife won't stop a few frito how I got to
that but damn is I family annoying I
hate to leave them all for my dream
stripping come on I would be the most
talented male stripper the world has
ever seen
I don't think he should have too much of
that gender 10 others had dropped to
that 10 out of 10 and play just cause
Julien's game and you said don't walk up
my name why why do you talk I was like
looking around in the dared oh no oh did
already on making me crave what's wrong
love doing fuck with me but lately our
music oh oh well goodbye cruel world
know what happens if I go on your show
great working bye everybody
why is she like that underwater some
specific done I can I don't turn the
right stick no evil
God me that answered a hike in any way
we can wipe out
hi can you help me tell myself yeah
thank you
you're quick why am I sick I leave the
game like this all right well that was
just cause I like it I use it a 5 out of
10 because you can just jump up
somewhere high and then kill yourself I
don't know what I'm doing now but I'm
leaving make sure you subscribe to my
channel I code new videos every
Wednesday Thursday also a friendly
reminder you have until January 15th to
get these pop sockets before they're
gone forever but yeah I will see you
guys next week and it's this week wasn't
your cup of tea I will see you next week
ok sometimes I just want to kill myself
off a bridge with a grappling hook and
penetrate other penises penis hole huh
what come on how did i do today doing
good good bye you actually are getting
better at video games which i think it's
because you play once a week on stream
we have it two extremely stream every
week but yeah you still fuck fucking
ears up the bio vanish
