mmm milady I hope you guys are having a
great holiday I know I said last week
that I didn't know I was gonna do for a
video this week if I had uh more extras
that I would post them I really don't
they're hard anymore even the ones that
I posted aren't like the best thing in
the world but it is what it is so this
week I didn't want to just post nothing
I wanted to at least tell you what was
going on but I want to say thank you so
much because these two weeks of
Christmas and New Year's every year I
like the two weeks that I take off and I
know it post once a week which doesn't
seem like a lot but after like five six
years it is a lot and you know I just
really appreciate wow I really
appreciate you letting me have these two
weeks to myself and to my family it
means a lot my family was here for
almost an entire week I got to hang out
with my little niece who's going to be
three and fifty we had a really really
wonderful time and that's time that's
just invaluable to me so thank you so
much for another year of support oh my
god if you're looking for more stuff you
can always find there's over 100
hour-long episodes of the Jen and
Jillian podcast you can find on YouTube
SoundCloud iTunes I did blog this for as
long as I could this year until my
family game it's about 19 days on my
vlog Channel jenna Marbles vlog you can
check those out of me just in all of my
beautiful everyday glory which is very
glamorous I can show you what else
happened this week oh yeah we got a leak
in the ceiling
oh very dangerous very fun I love
renting want to know what else I did
here come in here I organized my spice
cabinet I mean look at that we got like
Italian things and things that we use a
lot and spicy things and then baking
things and then things we don't use that
often we got the Iggy's new collars Wow
look at that Kermit's is stretchy
because it's very kitty don't worry we
don't walk them by that we walk them by
special ones but wow what a good kitty
I went to the grocery store and held
hands with my boyfriend it was really
great I've been having a really great
time to myself and with my family it's
important for me for anybody to just
have a little time to themselves you
know I just I really from the bottom I
heart I want to say thank you for
allowing you to do that and continue to
support me it means a lot and you know
this dumpster fire
of years almost over and I'm gonna see
him in a week so I will see you in 2017
pop sockets are available until January
15th I know a lot of you guys got them
for Christmas I hope that you love them
I know you've gotten a lot of feedback
from people that you love them so it
makes me really happy just I wanted to
come say hello and not leave you hanging
with nothing I love you a lot I hope
you're having a great time and I will
see you in 2017 please don't be so mad
at me that I have nothing this week I'm
so sorry I'm living my life over here
you know and I'm living thank you again
thank you thank you thank you thank you
so much all right bye
