are you doing ah welcome to my frontier
here's what's going on on the Reg so as
many of you may know I asked Julian for
a cat
just about every day and the answer is
always no and also our landlord won't
let us have any more animals whatever
but I had an idea that maybe we could
just invite our friends over who have a
cat let the dogs play with the kitty and
Julian will get me a cat know what
that's not part of this see I told
Julian that we were just gonna have a
play date but what this really is is
just for you to get comfortable with a
cat and like like it and then you get me
a cab you need Jesus I'm not getting a
cat because we're having a play date
with a cat why are you not listening
what I'm saying we're getting a cat Oh a
nun yeah cat dog and we can't do it well
thank you the eggy's are like their cat
you're pretty cat like we invited our
friends Jason gaps over who have a cat
her name is melody she's beautiful and
after this Julian's just gonna want to
get a cat so bad I'm ready I'm gonna
film
I'm not gonna literally like film you
trying to sway me into something without
telling me the whole day today no you
said you wanted the dogs to meet a cat
and that's what we're doing that's it
that's period at the end something in
your face I'm really excited to see how
they react
it'll be proof for you to be like wow
this we can have a cat thank you not
gonna say you know my video no cut cut
no cut
you want a boy cat or girl God so Jason
and gabs are gonna come over I'm gonna
let melody like explore for a little bit
hang out and then I'll probably have the
dogs meet her individually carpet first
probably because he's the chillest then
maybe peach she's very excited and
marbles last or if at all if it'll I'm
like for one I'm a little worried that
she was gonna jump up and try and kill
at oh yeah get in that tunnel he's gonna
be okay
can she get up though yeah cats can jump
like on top of your refrigerator yeah no
we're not getting a cat I never know
we're just get a top for its cage but
what about stuff on the counter like we
can't leaving food on the counter Jenny
you can't we'll help you be less of an
Aries so our friends are here and then
have brought melody how old this melody
tell us about her she'll be two in April
she's a Siberian cat so she's
hypoallergenic anyone know who's
allergic to cats is still allergic to
her so the doors upstairs so she's when
I told Jane this he was like who legal I
played the yard there's so much stuff to
smell yeah yeah sure here let me I know
look she's really big dogs who just lay
there mmm however her experience with
little dogs who have energy say a peach
she just cries away so we'll see how
this goes
I did
that's not that's not that's a bear it's
okay
are you excited currently there you can
do it your eyes don't know what else to
a blur your body look current is a
confusing clear to me the cat you have
to wait for her friendship you have to
take her out to dinner
so uh say is going well it's looking up
benefit would be checked energy is not
suitable for anything hey do not do that
force thing
Pete you're acting insane you are
independent woman stupid this is looking
third-person she's an absolutely crazy
person
see you look joined this could be our
life now you sit here the dogs and the
cats chase each other around the house
hangout it's a great time
so do you want to you want to get one
tomorrow or the day after
no why they clearly love each other
she only dislikes time know marble likes
me the most of anyone in the whole world
except for Jason get it what are you
doing
my mom has quite literally right there
would you believe it if I told you there
was cat oh he's looking at now that
convinced trillion that we could have a
cat I know I'm dying I'm right here and
I have not agreed to anything what don't
you can't hear me life's too short to
not have the cat that's not
Jesus said that I like seeing them just
being called out of their own stupidity
like non-stop that's funny it's funny to
watch them interact with an intellectual
intellectual intellectual I mean I'm
really proud of all the dogs for being
able to do this because I know it's in
their blood to be like yeah I'm really
proud of melody for even being open to
the idea to hang out such annoying dumb
creatures it is really funny to watch
them interact because she's clearly just
lost a lot B this weekend we just sang
my plans go adopt Oh your dad's visiting
this weekend I can't go get a cashew
laughs cat no no we're not getting a cat
my dad has a cat yeah that's his we can
take his cat we can go take your dad
comes to visit you we traveled in his
house Carabas cat it's the new Buddhist
place well I think yet and the eyes
lowercase yeah it's an iPod
oh my fucking god subscribe to hell yeah
I know this wasn't like the most
exciting thing royal but I was it was
four feet today was the most exciting
day in the world
puppy it was like she went to a monster
Jam Disneyland
and her first birthday all in one day oh
let's say that cat lovers make sure you
let them know in the comments you not
have we should get squeeze it to heart
oh oh yeah make sure you subscribe to my
sister's it and my dog's have the
pleasure okay you know the cat today I
hope you enjoyed seeing what it would be
like if we lived our true dream life
this is what it would be like every day
