what do you want to do with it
let's launch over it sir who won't
survive in my side do you want about in
the side
everybody likes a body massage maybe
wanna give somebody a sash it's real
easy all you needed your pants step one
find your hands step two you wanna put
those hands on somebody's body
step three you're gonna rub them all
around and that there is our exam
doesn't have to be sexual it'll be a
friendly platonic bottom side oh you can
see the bottom side do your job we can
everybody likes
years go by and it makes you feel good
inside I will give you some ribs
now I'm gonna put my hands over body and
I'm gonna move over all the pan because
I'm gonna give you bad side by side you
have to just massage by you I'm always
letting that honey bring that head cuz
I'm gonna keep your head up right side
if I'm Josh
I had my use I moved you like that I
move my hands all around give you a full
body massage full body massage the first
time to start coming if I don't melee up
inside when you know body was so little
I eat the chance to share the gun of the
body massage body massage body Bop
Lala
by the side body
the song
party to somebody massage body massage -
ah Adi massage body massage body where's
our bodies massage body massage body
massage should funny massage a body miss
our bodies must inside a body massage
body massage
the sergeant
bobby was our son
a massage body massage my diva
I mean you guys are asking for it on my
vlog Channel so I just made it it's a
song about kidney body massages so by
massage
this is my last video of the year I
think I usually upload two weeks of
extras Christmas in New Year's I might
not have enough extras for two weeks so
maybe one week will be something else I
don't know but I won't see you until the
new year with a new video so I hope you
have a wonderful Christmas or Hanukkah
or holiday or whatever you do in the
winter time and a fantastic new year and
I will see you in 2017 make sure you
subscribe to my channel I make shit like
this every week absolute trash garbage
can make sure you unsubscribe well I'll
see you guys enjoy 17 bucks
