so the American presidential election
was last night I know a lot of people
are feeling a lot of different kinds of
ways just know that I respect you I
respect people with different opinions I
respect our democracy in fact the only
people that I don't respect are the
people that didn't vote at all I feel
like the consequence for not voting
should be you just get forever haunted
by someone who died for your right to
vote with that being said though I am
not confused at all about my role on the
Internet's not to judge you or preach at
you or anything like that the best thing
to do today is to just make the world a
little bit less serious what do you say
so what I decided to do is been a long
time coming I have two dogs of the same
breed and you know what I'm gonna marry
them I've been thinking about it for a
while today seems like the perfect day
to just spring everybody together with
some love right weddings make everybody
so happy just remind you that love is
what life is about and it's gonna be
fine we need some love right now
don't cry Kraft I love you daddy so the
first thing I'm gonna do obviously is
focus on the bride I got some tulle I
got some other tool and this beautiful
lace Oh oh you're so pretty baby girl
Wow what if we just make you a head hole
getting fitted for your dress is hard
huh I'm gonna do that Wow Paigey good
girl it's like you know the deal huh
this isn't your first rodeo is this that
we can just leave that for your train I
mean that's pretty ready I mean how do
you want to feel on your wedding day oh
my god is gonna mark it a little bit
okay what do you think
over or under your dress hey hey PJ
peach peach oh my god runaway bride some
of you may be thinking to yourselves
well what exactly is marbles role in all
of this I was going back and forth
between having him be the flower girl or
being the one that actually marries them
I think I want him to
marry them because although he would
make a beautiful flower girl you know
he's kind of an important role in their
lives he's like their alpha so it makes
more sense pleaser
all right why don't I cut this in half
because this is ridiculous for a dog one
layer regular one layer hollow so
another fun fact about peach and Kermit
is that they came from the same breeder
and although they aren't like brother
and sister or like Kermit isn't her dad
Kermit's dad is like the stud so like
Kermit came and then like after another
couple litters Ben was peaches litter so
he's probably like her distant uncle so
this is technically incest it's okay I'm
not here to judge them you know and your
dogs so like Who am I to sit so here's
her dress so far I'm gonna work on
leeches accessories but time is of the
essence we're having a day wedding and
I'm feeling the stress Oh God we're
gonna make you a little necklace and I
got you this we're gonna make you a
little flower crown it's so pretty we
Chi and then let's do some of this now
I'm going to work on the things are a
little more time-consuming like the
outside the actual wedding venue itself
needs to get made so I'm gonna go do
that about this like trellis because we
want to make it look nice
looks pretty nice Lilla that's right
very Bridal much wedding yes we have a
bunch of fake orchids we're gonna try
and put on this trellis that we already
shoved into the ground and it's
disgusting
is this crazy no and yes it just feels
like the right thing to do making a best
business hire me to make your wedding
but you clean up my fucking mat now
that's beautiful ready for a wedding
Oh when the Sun sets it's gonna be
coming from that way so we wanted to
make it so we could still see we're
gonna have a little like a runway might
have to move our kale cuz you're in the
way they're gonna get married click
right there so we got to decorate that
we got to figure out something that
marble can sit on to marry them I mean
this is looking pretty done let's do it
Riaan down to the wire here most of the
chairs are now outside getting ready for
your wedding we got to make you a tux
thinking I could put the tux part like
right there he's just wearing a cape
like that looks kind of nice though
curved you're done with your fitting for
now Wow I mean you look fucking nuts
Thanks I brought all my wedding attire
do you think you do I know all right I
fact at that time you learn something
new every day it's not very good but I
do know the basics of it
what is it tuxedo look like hot food
this tuxedo on there me it's pretty cute
I'm hoping that it looks right oh my god
that looks good all right so we just
made a game-time call and we realized
that if we made Marvel a tux also and
like takes away from Kermit's special
day so we're just gonna have him wear a
bow tie all right I mean he's already
wearing a tuxedo basically like a little
penguin yeah just ready for the wedding
for the wedding today baby grew
beginning
you stunning oh my goodness you look
beautiful peach are you ready the man of
your dreams ha baby girl you're not
supposed to be here you ready for your
big day special day special outfits the
most important one you'll ever wear you
look so handsome you remember today
forever or you may forget it but it's
important
okay can you say yeah no you stay
my ball stay oh come on bud oh come on
Danny
dad come on come on it's time bud
can we ponder coming ah you gotta wait
for but can this be you but ain't no
he's so excited
Wow
don't cry
daily beloved we are gathered here on
this beautiful day to witness the union
of peach and Kermit in holy matrimony
this is a day of great celebration of
which we come together before the
universe to recognize and commemorate
the sacred love and dedication shared
between these two dogs who gives this
bride today I do tight if there's anyone
in attendance who has cause to believe
this couple should not be joined in
marriage you may speak now or forever
hold your peace good tight peach and
Kermit learned to work together to laugh
together and to love together sacred
vows that you make to one another today
present with the opportunity to express
your love in your own words I would at
this time invite you to publicly declare
these vows I love you Sam it you're my
favorite uncle it's no good and I would
like to keep smelling you forever please
face one another enjoying hands peach do
you take Kermit to be your lawfully
wedded husband do you promise to honor
him love him be sensitive to his needs
to comfort him in difficulty and put
your full and complete trust in him so
long as you both shall live I do okay
Kermit do you take peach to be your
lawfully wedded wife do you promise to
honor her and love her be sensitive to
her needs to comfort her and difficulty
and to put your full and complete trust
in her so long as you both shall live I
do
peach give Kermit this ring as a symbol
of your love and commitment with this
ring I thee Wed tight Kermit
give peach this ring as a symbol of your
love and commitment with this ring I
thee Wed tight by the power vested in me
and the state of California I pronounce
you Paige and Kermit husband and wife
lovely with it Kermit you may now kiss
the bride
okay ladies and gentlemen is my present
my pleasure to present to you mr. and
mrs. Herman peach
well you did it I'm so excited for you
well guys
thank you all the reception will be
inside I mean that's really it
so I mean this is what I did with my
time today I would like to thank all my
friends for being here
Kayla Jay Walker Chris Miller burger
Shan and snake who we roped into filming
for us I hope all of you feel like you
were in the presence of true love and it
wasn't incest at all subscribe beautiful
I had a previous relationship with Beach
but like I'm glad to see you she's moved
on I really feel like we're still gonna
hang out though oh my god
