hello young people of our great nation
of America it's me again your girl hell
daddy the presidential election is
coming up in just over a month I just
wanted to take a moment to catch up with
all my millennial homies and fellas and
ladies out there I need you to get out
there and vote for me
Hillary chill Hill because I will be the
dankest dopest promised president this
great nation has ever seen and speaking
of things that are day
here are some dank things that I know we
can agree on like the middle class
education working Americans people that
work America middle class going to work
and working but our common thread
doesn't stop there although I might be
older richer more powerful
better-looking closest to the elite
ruling class our country has ever seen
great hair in here we're exactly the
same I love video games just as much as
anyone here I am just live streaming
like I usually would very Clinton are
you okay it's just a relaxing thing that
I like to do in my free time to connect
with all my young people out there I
know you young people listen to EDM but
have you ever heard 80 America
chattering come vote for me
I'm chilly chill with me I will get you
a job halo fly I'm chilling do you need
a job cuz I'll get you with jobs yeah
I'm chilling come vote for me it's
chilly
you're gonna love Tripoli my website
please go to my website I'm asking you
nicely to go to my website just like you
I like to Buber everywhere a skirt skirt
I said no eye contact
you know what just let me out here said
Jaclyn we're on the highway I know where
we are do you think I give a fuck
I care about my butt just like you holla
back young'n so I work out every day
this is me on my elliptical this is a
couch oh is that where are you to give
you a more intimate look at my life I've
created a video blog webisode called
Keeping Up with the Clint dashians get
the fuck waiver and just like you Here I
am working on important business
creating work jobs for working families
in the middle class doing my job at work
while working and creating work for jobs
and my business click here and you just
deleted the entire hard drive whoopsie
okay's I update my snap story every day
my favorite thing to do is to face wop
with myself although I have a website it
looks like most of you aren't going to
it so I figured out a way to implement
my website across all platforms all
platforms
hello I'm Hillary Clinton welcome to my
website
what the fuck is this I can't get out of
it click over here to see how I plan to
get you a job I'm playing a game I'm not
even connected to the Internet
hello I'm Hillary Clinton and welcome to
my website ah this is a DVD click over
here for all things chill Hill
hello I'm Hillary Clinton and welcome to
my website thank you for coming here I'm
really just out here trying to put the
IRL in Hillary you know what I'm saying
how did you even get in here
and if you ever see me out in the world
don't be scared I don't bite just come
up and shake my hand it's nice to meet
you I'm Hillary Clinton so make sure you
get out there and vote for me Hillary
Clinton please it's my turn my charm me
I'm Hillary Clinton and I approve this
message
we have your sandwich leave me alone
