I just learned don't put lotion on your
arms and then touch a poster because
it's gonna get on your poster like I
said in my last video this weekend I'm
going to a wedding and I'm flying out
like literally hours from now my past
friend is getting married I'm in the
wedding I'm excited a nervous little
stress and I realized that I didn't get
my own best friend a wedding gift and I
was like oh now I am no wedding expert
I've only been to like a handful of
weddings in my entire life so I don't
really know what to get my best friend
is a wedding gift but I know that if I
was getting married what would I want so
fucking money give me some money family
and friends to pay for the sick party I
just threw him but then beyond that I
was like this is my best friend I can't
just like hand her an envelope with some
money and be like happy wedding this is
how you know somebody's your best friend
because when it's their wedding day all
you can think about is fucking with them
I've been forever amazed by dollar bill
origami I learned how to make a t-shirt
like one time I'm alright at it side
note if you ever go to a strip club and
you make them a t-shirt and you tip them
in t-shirts they appreciate the effort
you go I hope this is your size so what
I thought of doing was making a giant
poster and putting like old pictures in
new pictures of her on here which she's
going to kill me for and then covering
it in like dollar bill origami and then
handing them this for their wedding it's
gonna be the coolest wedding gift ever
I'm excited about it I have limited
capabilities of what I can do today
because I have to leave I was gonna do
this anyways why don't you come join me
my quest for origami trolling but here
we go let's just start right in the
middle with a picture of the happy
couple oh isn't that nice here's a
picture of her sleeping oh that picture
though girl this is a face called
snaggletooth
that I would demand that she make all
the time and she hated it which is
exactly why I liked it alright so there
we go a little bit of poor placement
planning on my parts never been my forte
this is one of my personal favorite
pictures ever because she's sleeping in
a bar not passed out in a bar sleeping
in a bar two very different things one
of them is funny one of them is not so
if you're using this video is a tutorial
step one this step two funky shit so the
first thing I'm gonna make is the only
thing I have
it's making which is a t-shirt everyone
always seems to use $1 bills when
they're doing dollar bill origami boy
now for your wedding
oh we ballin out but what's looking so
good
Plus look what you get to look at this
whole time you you welcome popped out my
necktie
oh it's falling apart oh it's a
bloodbath I think this dollar bill is
even going to be usable oh my fucking
god so now I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
tape it on to his body
that is what the fuck I'm talking about
oh yeah that's good ooh you lookin good
oh this makes me want to just have a
whole outfit out of money
oh I learned a thing it's called
mountainful that's when you fold it and
then fold it and then fold it again ooh
the bustier Oh supposed to be like mount
folded in here oh no we blew it like 12
steps ago oh it's a bloodbath oh that's
looking cute his book even though I
fucked it up this one is still so much
easier than that t-shirt with a tie like
regular t-shirts are okay they like a
t-shirt with a tie fuck never again then
it says fold the bottom up to taste I am
pleased with this this is adorable oh
yeah girl that isn't weak-ass dress girl
oh yeah
so since I'm still making wearable
things I'm gonna make a bowtie this
tutorial just literally it showed this
and then it just shows him going and
it's a bowtie bitch Wow um it looks like
shit how Dawg how think this one came
out a little bit better although what
that instruction doesn't tell you is
that you're supposed to push down on
this little fucking box and flatten it
oh hell yeah now I'm gonna make a pair
of pants which look relatively easy
$5.00 pants make you holla so I'm pretty
sure you just fold it twice and then you
just go like that that's um
now I'm going to try and make a dollar
heart because this whole thing is like a
love thing might as well throw a heart
in here but it looks hard pray for my
hands
oh it's getting weird
it's like look how little that is who
does this
I should have to both sides I feel like
I regret it already why is why I look
like shit
that doesn't look anything like that
cool Pinterest fucking picture this
looks like shit and this I'm around I
look like someone that's good at
finessing cuz I'm not above above the
way where where it looks like absolute
garbage but you know what it gets the
point across which is just love oh god
like that looks like such absolute shit
if I saw this and I hadn't made it I
wouldn't know what it was
add it to the bump now I'm gonna make a
five-pointed star because I really want
to make this like nice looking crown to
go around her head and this snaggletooth
picture here we go oh my god looks like
you're stabbing her the high then you're
gonna put this one inside of this one
you put your big tab in this tab and
then you do this
fattening shut your hole I mean this
looks really hard but this was so much
easier than that fucking t-shirt with a
tie look at that oh my god that's
fucking dope yeah right
how did you do that I don't know blacked
out all the time this wouldn't be a
wedding gift I didn't make them some
little money rings I mean yeah it looks
cooler with a one dollar bill but I mean
that's pretty amazing
excuse me Julie like my right oh it's
faces on it
oh and now I'm going to try to make an
origami sword because this picture of
Jackie sleeping is just crying out for a
sword
alright so um I'm working on making a
shamrock right now because why ShamWow
am i right I'm so impressed what is that
last thing I'm gonna make is a dollar
heart and then we go and be done done it
is my final creation it says happy
wedding congratulations
look I'm extra proud of this because it
looks beautiful made a bunch of dresses
oh oh wow look at your new outfit with
these pants and your shirt oh in this
diamond ring Wow wifey 10 out of 10
outfits amazing this is my least
favorite thing Oh a heart and more shirt
blue another ring oh and another ring
this is a shamrock that wasn't worth it
at all and I gave you a shirt you're
gonna sleep in a bar you can you can
wear a shirt and your bowtie ooh
this is a pretty dress Wow and another
shirt more hearts and heart and a sword
that goes perfectly with that outfit and
your nap and also since you had this
jazzy 80s look going on and made you a
guitar and a shirt I mean fuck with me
everyone else at every wedding that's
ever existed because I'm fucking
incredible at making wedding gifts
you're welcome I mean tell me if you
were getting married and you got this
from your best friend you wouldn't be
like oh that's so dope except every time
I want to use any of that money act up
I'm crumpled it exactly that's what
friends are for
fucking with you um I hope you guys like
this video I know this isn't something I
would usually do nor is this that
exciting but
I'm going to a wedding so I can only do
so much right now so thank you for
letting me do this sometimes and also I
hope it gives you some inspiration that
if you're ever just going to give
someone money like making exciting money
at least or funny money I made my friend
have sword for her wedding it's about
that time I really got to get going
break up break up um I got you a gift
would you like to see it yeah Emily I'm
so scared new hat Pepi wedding oh my god
this is amazing
mm oh my god no no
snaggletooth I made snuggle to the
chrono this is awesome and see it works
the welcome internets with the idea of
origami money outfits so much I'm
folding that fucking money this is like
dangerous like I can throw this at
somebody all right that's it oh this is
um see you guys next week
I'm glad you yeah I'm glad you like a
happy wedding it says comb brush
congratulations
do you feel congratulated or what
Oh congratulate it is snaggletooth okay
goodbye
are you mad at me yeah wow you're so
excited I'll see you guys next week bye
