am I supposed to look into that daily no
look look look to the screen don't look
at the camera
only look at the screen okay you're
watching this I'm probably on my way to
London or in London oh okay uh have my
sushi shirt on people hate it they got
what is that like it's sushi we go what
it's like a sushi shirt oh sorry
something my generation mom is already
here because she's gonna be watching the
dogs over God are you excited okay you
know I can only do so much today because
there's a lot going on but I got a new
toy called a machine which is the thing
that makes some beats and what better to
do with the Debbie machine then play
with the machine I would say my skill
level at the machine is at tinkering at
this point I have no idea what I'm doing
anything that I've made is garbage which
is why I like it I'm so sorry if I
offend anyone that's a professional
machine er I don't know what I'm doing
but I just like how garbage I can make
it sound Debby machine would you like to
make some mob beats with me do I play
with it oh oh
step one don't touch the machine just
give me like a voice sounds really yeah
or just say whatever you want yeah oh
yes sample that please hey happy with
that exactly it's Bernard
no ear bucks I don't know how to get it
like jazzy you wanna hear what we have
so far
new plan dicks out for Harambee dicks
out for Harambee right
mom yes there's two types of people in
this world okay people with their dicks
out for her Oh Marian without and itself
remember which side of history you want
to be on it okay I'll have my dick out
for Harambee that's what I thought my
girl goes out at contra Chloe on vine
this is her son dicks out for Karamat
hell yeah I mean this is a lot yeah how
can I make this less loud it is so loud
yeah I can't say it good like you all
right
it's completed all right good work good
mombi as an excellent mom beat Debbie
machine might be tapped out after that
you ready yeah are you gonna do hmm all
around me are familiar faces thank you
right mom did you hear that one are you
not dead - Tate since everyone has left
me because my ear blood is too much for
them I think this last one I'm just
gonna do by myself I am going to make
who seinfeld remix because they are some
of my bigger things on the internet so
here we go but do Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam thrown down bail bail bail bail bail
hey I'm just a little dairy in a big
world just Jerry it around ah damn Bam
Bam Bam Bam Bam single family damn
pimping alright family would you like to
hear my file ear blood here is my
masterpiece so far with my abilities
that I know how to do in machine for you
the daddy machine
Bam Bam Bam Bam and my fanny
thanks to my family for helping me make
some ear blood for you I'm going to be
in London I have no idea what I'm doing
for my video in London but something but
thanks for hanging out with me and
playing with the machine machine
you're such an epic machine make sure
you subscribe to my channel I put it
reviews of Wednesday / Thursday thanks
machine have a good machine don't let
people talk shit about your sushi shirt
good yeah I'm all right
pray for me I have to watch the dogs for
a week oh my god we'll pray for my first
boyfriend
