two onions ago I uploaded the video of
how to care for your salmon it included
tips about how to care for your salmon
but there are so many more tips that I
have neglected to share with you so here
is how to care for your servant part 2
let's end speed should I exercise my
aunt's parent you should exercise you
stand with a speed nervous if it's fast
and nervous and helps them grow or
should I wash my aunt's theorem let your
sermon hygiene itself service love
sculpt let them love the salt with their
face or you can let your Salmons wash
each other with your mouth they think
their mouths are soap thinking that
being useful helps them draw make sure
you brush your sermon
teeth they can go many teeth like a
shark if you don't put your sermon teeth
they will have to go to the dentist and
get drunk then their people look like
this and never cry should I brush my own
sermon no their fur does not grow with
this folk ground that it hurts salmon
skin sermon skin is like tissue paper do
not brush this you pain sometimes
standards play to rock with each other
but don't be alarmed
just kidding be alarmed they can break
each other's tails do not let Sarah
spray each other's tails they will not
go back assignments are very sensitive
and need emotional support give them
compliments in color good morning all
day I will cry crying - Tommy Sherman
never ever put shoes on sermon sermon
hate shoes shoes are not experiments let
your sermon make friends I let my sermon
be friends with this blinding bangs
fancies and
b7 wants to kill bangs do not kill them
sports arm is murdering his friends
helped him bra should spend a hundred
percent of your time with your service
if you leave your sandwich will fight
you and not raw
sometimes sermons get dingleberries
after they proven you have to wipe their
bottoms girls they will train you should
let your sandwich watch other salmon
some TVs salmon thanks Amex and
retaining food that sandwich get
diarrhea and get the hydro to get them a
camel hump Aloha to help them bra put
yourself inside sermons line to help
them grow this Cermak might think I love
Kermit and marbles like two beautiful
fathers and this sermon things I have to
breathe so much right now we should what
be your stammers enough so I cannot fit
due to the best sermon will want to get
through feds Salmons preferred mode of
transportation is carried salmon needs
you to walk for them so they can draw
this salmon is not dreaming this parrot
is swallowing eat your salmon had to
give you a hog or Elsa will never find
love sandwich will actually I want you
to get them but they don't want you to
get them but they do want you to get
them it's like trying to credit cash and
help them grow
cameras will add you to go to Chipotle
every day stammer cannot go to Chipotle
do not listen to them a trap because I
cook them raw
I'm Sam it's like the place catching all
the Salmons prepare the stomach time for
always make sure you teach your salmon
with the bathroom as well so will decide
where the bathroom is Fama's bathroom
will not help them wrong I hope Sam its
hands will make the hand shrinking not
Gua damaged giggle to make sure stammers
I'm not going blind dad
it can and will go blind and deaf
natural isaacs wrong follow all these
guidelines to standards will grow up to
be your accountant and do taxes and pay
rent and get married enough salmon
families just kidding to fall ground I
don't know why it took me two years to
make a second one of those but I
realized that it needed to be done is it
stupid yes
does it make me laugh yes so I made it
exist and I hope that you liked it allow
these there with your my favourites
their myths aside for my other salmon
keep both equally my favorite cerements
sorry look kind of like trash right now
I was rescuing a bird named Timothy has
a lot of you saw on my snapchat today
don't worry I've reunited him with his
mother although I do miss him I'm gonna
be it summer in the city in London next
week so for the next two weeks I'm gonna
be in London so just keep your
expectations relatively low as to what
my next two videos are gonna be because
I'm gonna be trying my best man that is
gettin kinda hectic over here you know
what I'm sayin moly one person and not a
wizard
oh but yeah I'm really excited to be
there if you're coming I can't wait to
meet you and see you and if you see me
gallivanting around the streets just
come say hello and give me a hug make
sure you subscribe to my channel I put
interviews every Wednesday / Thursday
ish you say goodbyes theremin thank you
for being such a patient Sabbath today
is such a patient dog yes you are your
patient oh oh I wish you smile oh such a
old man smile but make sure you walk to
your servant for me okay bye
