Haytham yeah for those of you that maybe
don't follow the beauty community
there's a challenge going on right now
into your entire face of makeup using
only highlighters and it looks a little
something like this and it's gorgeous
and beautiful this girl and divine name
aria invented it and everyone in the
beauty community is been doing it and
it's amazing
Jeffery star like everybody and I'm a
genuine fan of beauty gurus I think
they're fantastic and when I saw this
challenge I was like yes finally a
makeup challenge that I can do this is
within my capabilities so I'm ready I
want to do it I'm so excited here we go
here is the full face highlighter makeup
challenge so I don't have all those
really cool products that everybody has
I just have like some stuff I'm not
going to use a brush because I don't
wash my brushes every single fucking day
and I don't want to waste it on this
shimmer shit this works just as good
alright so good at makeup diamond a
little bronzer ever matte a little
bronze you know now because I want extra
highlight I'm just gonna highlight
everything I just highlighted but again
with a highlight a liquid one because
like I dipped my face and full of nacho
cheese now I'm gonna take this stick of
shimmer stuff and I'm gonna trimmer my
face some more because I want to shine
bright like a diamond right hey I look
like the Tin Man but you know we're
gonna fix it we're gonna make it look
regular don't worry the mixture of these
things starting to smell a little like
paint thinner but I think it's worth it
alright now I'm taking some more shiny
stuff that I actually got as a sample on
an airplane one time not even a joke I'm
gonna put on some more places that I
want to shine and shimmer I want you to
be able to see my face in the dark
basically next I'm actually going to go
in with this white lip tar that I'm now
going to turn into a face tart and tells
Mindy but I mean all of them together
smell like pure vomit mmm
it's disgusting how they look jealous
some
so I really liked all of the other
makeup artist looks but am I the only
one that's like hello you guys are all
forgetting the best highlighter that
there is this one so where they left off
I'll finish how you gonna say all
highlighters and not use all
highlighters I'm going to get it in
every crevice of my face you know this
is what I'm talking about
this is the look I'm going for that was
taking kind of long so I actually just
ripped it into my hand so I can get it a
little better on here just blending it
out oh I almost lost my contact and that
would happen if it miss all right so I
finished blending I think I'm gonna do
my contouring and orange it's probably
the closest I have to a contour color
because they don't make brown
highlighters and that's racist it's kind
of low that doesn't even look natural
Jenna fix it you know it says non-toxic
but it's hurting my eyes a fair amount
no my new eye tag Katy just girl blush
blush blush it's not blending very
easily but it's still excute I picked
out this nice blue highlighter for my
brows looking pretty niche looking a
little bit I mean it feels very dry oh
it does not oh it tastes bad oh yes
fucking in your face Kylie lip kit mmm
no way I mean that looks nice definitely
if you're looking to get a eye
highlighter I'd say blue works the best
blue and green worked the best for I
highlighters that I've found let me know
in the comments if you found different
ones I'm just going to blend that I'm
going to use this mascara in the color
my parents are disappointed in me oh
come on lash and I'm going to use some
of this liquid highlighter in color
not want to get on some powder forgot to
set all this highlighter I wanted that
champagne pop but it's always sold out
so I settled for this powder I found in
my closet which I'm sure is the same a
little bit of this everywhere let's do
some of its cousin in bronzer mmm yep
yep yep yep yeah the goal is to just not
make it look like okay I want to be seen
from space
I mean I've clearly already taken the
full face highlighter challenge to the
next level but why stop at makeup I mean
now I'm ready and while I'm at it why
not just go cover the rest of my body in
highlighter
what I've always wanted bathe me in the
highlight I want to do Steve from the
heavens just a little touch up I got to
get my keys up they're not in the living
I'm living take me like one of your
french girls so yeah that was my full
face highlighter makeup I hope I did the
challenge justice get on my level all of
their makeup artist because shits fire
and you know it and I just want everyone
to know that this video has been the
highlight of my life
make sure you subscribe my channel and
monotheism you insane and uh I put out
makeup tutorials like this like you have
your own sin a while because I'm just so
good at makeup looking a bit so why just
keep all their knowledge to myself and
chair with a rope goodbye it's not toxic
damn don't try this at home
