can't believe we're doing this just a
couple bros and their keys hanging out
so I wanted to make this video for quite
a while Julian does Brazilian jiu-jitsu
which is a martial art self-defense it's
the best - is it considered a sport Oh
Andrew Simon high percent support this
is called the key Julian let me borrow
his it's hot as fuck it feels like a
weird bathroom we're gonna do Jitsu I
have a white belt because I'm a beginner
and you have a blue belt because you're
slightly less beginner still not really
qualified to teach but I guess I know
what maybe you'll learn some jujitsu
moves but maybe well I can't guarantee
anything this is it TLC what kind of
hair style should I have for jiu-jitsu
on a bun ok does jiu-jitsu care that I
just watched and did my hair Jesus who
gives no fucks this doesn't sound like
the sport for me check hmm
good good to go why don't you give us
like a little rundown of what jiu-jitsu
is ground fighting grappling sort of
like a wrestling sport with submissions
arm locks it's the sport for the little
guy because you can beat someone a lot
because there's no kicking advantage of
stretch mark our punches over fighting
no hair-pulling no these are all rules
that apply it doesn't sound like a sport
at all
you can break each other's arms though
you can and you can strangle someone
yes hmm yes Judaism am I allowed to lick
me spit oh no I know scream loudly
it's basically the same rules it's like
kindergarten like don't be a complete
asshole and spit on people plus two
Jet's it was okay oh that's something
important to note though is that the
reason that you wearing geek you are
allowed to pull up people's clothes yes
these are all handles there's two
different types so Gihon oh yeah right
okay cuz it's better and no keys just by
linking by negative like rash guards
wait do we have to say it like a bow or
like a
or something first no you don't have to
bow in prayer something a disrespect
this board that's what it sounds like
I mean you can go like this when you
enter the map we already on the mat so
you're like our Academy did I say
anything like ah jujitsu is there gonna
be snacks
everyone thinks that when you're in your
back and I'm controlling we show you ok
ok I close my legs that means you're my
girl that's supposed to hurt sit up okay
there you go that's what you want to do
sit down but you just so many posture
edge but down your torso up but my feet
are falling all right so you want to be
gripping these like a cuff grip yeah or
like that control that okay I'm going to
show you do dog bar
don't break it think about it here are
something to go grab grip post my leg
here turn you to the side and then go
over here and then I crank oh please
don't break my arms your turn
super locked yep and then they go there
you go and then use this to push my
torso there you go and then where does
this foot go there was no you don't get
to have it back for it smooth we grabbed
me by my Egan jack applies we're gonna
let you take my back and then see how
well you do please I need get your desk
so sit on your butt behind me like a
train oh yeah can you put your feet
inside my back please your hooks
I have a question of what as a grown man
artists on YouTube so this is a good
position if you were to do literally
anything but what you're doing right now
we go if I'm relaxing okay but then I
can just get it oh wow give me a
seatbelt know what to see there you go
okay work on your grip you don't because
I'm down here people your thumb up top
cuz if it's down here oh don't do not
when you have my back I have to protect
my neck okay something on my neck my
back my pussy I can't sing that well we
played you can get this hand on this
part of my key I'm in trouble
1 2 3 5 then around the other lapel
squeeze as tight as you can and pull it
down as you pull this arm of really
immature
is that there you go there's your sure
fault wrong don't show your sweep yeah
so sit on top it's like basically sit
like that you told me to sit but what
control do you have from here I'll it'll
just in your nipple and push on your
back what the actual I'm not alone no
kiss me while we do Jitsu that's really
not allowed so this is the position that
I'm going to sweep you from so I'm going
to grab up here I'm going to grab your
knee right here let me get it hooked
underneath your knee so everything this
is why I can't do Jitsu cuz my hands my
knee man you're gonna grip the outside
of it
and with your right hand Rick to me yeah
I thought jujitsu was a horrible little
guy okay not with this hand Sam stays
how's a scissor sweep yeah oh my god why
are you doing out of your fingers
scissors don't fit six was wrong the
next time hip escape out which means
like scoot your hips a little bit
no not like not shimmying okay there you
go and then this knee is going to come
up right here into your yes like right
in my chest okay okay yeah are you ready
do that with your tongue can't you just
kill them with your kindness can't you
just be like nice hair oh fuck you're
heavy
gonna do it - you can you see my guard
one as hard as you can lay on your back
I'm gonna put like 10% of the pressure
okay this 10% okay can you do with that
look at Burnside control surrender this
is side control how the master drop okay
oh don't don't kiss you facing me trying
to get away like with all your might
right now try get away
hop up
oh can I take Leah can I take that
you're beefing actually curve Shelly
please don't
what are you gonna do what's the defense
for tickling you need it and I'm going
to pull my almost hard leg hurts is that
normal
doctor your shit
there you go this foot can plant out
there so you bounce so that had like
hers okay so how did you do the show you
are gonna walk you through again no no
that's not it that's the motion my nails
going you can do it I want to say that I
know as little as you'd expect a little
Delta know so I'm not instructor but I
do know that jiu-jitsu is not for
everyone I'm one of those just gave us a
very general basic skeleton well we
should have started with it okay shrimp
on your side
shrimp yeah Portugal hmm can you crab
win we're going to lobster me I'm doing
it right I paid attention
don't touch that like it up nice me I'm
stuck on the mat it's put your weight on
your upper half so your butt can scoot
up no but so it's like how an inch
removes like this I'm not literally
that's not a hip escape
that's an inch warm c'mere don't hug me
answer me my god
put your butt on the ground oh okay you
know cuz if I can get my foot up here I
basically have the choke I can so rusty
like you
yeah close your legs rune watch me snip
is feet first Italy
yes but okay then I go like this and
yeah I love you know why your mommy and
daddy fighting not fighting we'll just
do Jitsu it what do you call this is it
hell to sleep over hip escape is good
yay oh so this is your first lesson in
jujitsu I think it went pretty well
stick with it why would it cuz it's the
best thing in the world
he's on pretty my arm I don't think
about it I think that's a good
introductory lesson to jujitsu having
almost two you are in a lot I'd love to
go hot precio the whole time know
everything about wearing makeup to
jiu-jitsu don't do it I try that it's a
bad idea it doesn't work out well thanks
Julian for teaching us some jujitsu
thanks coach Chris for teaching need you
yes sir who the fuck is that
thanks for watching make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put in videos
every Wednesday so Thursday Thank You
Julian for teaching me such as this one
um and just remember to keep your thumbs
tucked in when you go like this roses
and rip it off your hands bars ooh I
feel like I didn't get a workout just
got wet
