I see lurking
so this week's video might be a little
bit out of context if you don't pay
attention to the YouTube community but
last week Lord Ryan Higa invented a
challenge where instead of roasting or
making a diss track about other people
you roast yourself and he challenged me
to do the same challenge accepted and I
know I kind of just roasted myself by
watching my old videos but this is a
little different so here is my roaster
self challenge
it's about to go down
we got me got me everything you know I
don't eat beef but if I did I would like
it roasted gentle - super cool in 2012
and whether or not you were cool was
even questionable or the garbage because
your actual trash you swear too much you
drink too much no thank you I will pass
your voice is annoying
your videos are boring you're the only
one that thinks you're funny the rest of
us are snoring Charlie asked about
master's degree in don't use it get to
keep your clarinet locked in the closet
so you don't lose it ain't not cool man
clarinets
aren't easy to misplace especially when
all it looked at the nail mark on your
face
I guess that makes you basta order give
me your hands I swear I won't touch you
Shh fuck that Lion King reference can't
even trust you did not make it weird for
even one second I'm not making it weird
you're making it weird
ah don't get me started on your music
it's the worst for sure and please do
the world a favor
you nasty get a manicure other youtubers
have movies and books and what did you
make a podcast that stuff you said you'd
upload on Wednesdays but you're always a
day late and you cry when you masturbate
oh I do not yeah well you should you
should start that even mean
dogs are ugly that one looks like a rat
and the other one all night God is she
fast well that one looks like a hairy
shit sign the dog it doesn't know how to
sit you're not good enough it make up to
be a beauty guru because if you were
it'd be funnier than what you do new
Shay really get the real joiner house in
marble here's this other storage you
should get a job Apple family guy made
fun of youtube doesn't love you enough
to give you diamond plate like that well
you have a radio show because face
better paradius dude suck it joining
Baxter
you are where is your top lip I walk you
bite your own toenail you'll be w6
easily subscribers like me million your
most popular video shows that you're
actually not good looking at all I have
one thing to say to that this beat sucks
cuz you made it yourself
and your hair is stupid that was it I
hope I did it alright for you Ryan
here's the list of youtubers that I
challenge
it's a fucking list don't even bother
reading it make sure you subscribe to my
channel I put out new videos sometime in
the middle of the week every week I'll
see you guys next week have a good week
for real though your hair is stupid your
hair's fucking stupid grow up
