first of all I want to say thank you for
all the support on last week's video
means a lot to me but this week I
thought maybe should have some fun so I
took all the Internet's favorite things
and combine them into one video to
maximize the fun is a bar which is
whispering or making soft pleasing
sounds milk bong or milk bang just just
getting on camera
unboxing gaming and this will also be a
tutorial because I don't think this
video exists on the internet so you'll
know how to do it because I just did it
get someone fucking help you the person
I'm gonna box is some food I ordered
from a restaurant called chable this
isn't a sponsored video but I wish that
was because I hear that they have
billions of dollars lots of Mexican I
will start the unboxing of the meal the
packaging's okay it looks like it was
made at lunchtime because this was
clearly rushed
I would prefer nater handwriting but
this slop fist will have to do for now
this is nice chip packaging but they
only fill the chips up to about here I'm
going to open this the way that I walked
now we have a much more efficient vessel
to get my chips which are now in box
smell is good please I've been sitting
out for a little while so that riders
down it's not very easy to all bad but
seems a little ridiculous to put Mexican
food inside of the submarine the inside
is wet which can only mean it's away so
in this bowl I got white rice and black
beans I'm just gonna unbox one right now
so we can see what we have to look
forward to this packaging is nice
baby I got mild salsa which is like who
are we getting this these are tomatoes a
little bit of thought salsa again just
like some on hot ass tomatoes and thing
called so Freitas which is a food group
that Chipotle made up but I hear it's
about tippy tippy top of the food
pyramid they did not provide me with any
utensils so I'm going to eat this with
chimps like the Barbarian Chipotle
apparently thinks that I am good texture
it tastes a little like the long line
that I waited in to get this
traditionally in mug bang bang bang
boogie book McDonald's ah there's a lot
of slurping noises but there's a nose or
anything I'm just going to make them for
you three to two anything fun dance
school where work I need to unbox
something one book banging Dodgers panel
I don't know what it is it just says
Maui pineapple my car Darian also not
sponsored by target who has billions of
dollars the scent is very pineapple it's
very sweet alright oh how supply is but
it's a lot has these three wigs there's
you want to light it three times because
of once there's enough I just Decker
my pops to smell up the outside of it is
just like velvety purple like shiny
knees word up I'm in
right here fish a tag that's just
something about getting arrested if you
take it off oh my god strap a pocket
this one comes black I don't think I'm
in like Dan I mean the quality seems
pretty good I've had box like everything
in my house in my house I'm not playing
I'm held and last everything's up box s
mars knees so car here we go up a bit
here we go oh my god there's a little
pack bullshit really nice really nice
packaging
you're gonna take whatever color shadow
he's gonna buy a bear swamp ash and then
here's gonna put it like right along
your nose
not much change up my lip color with a
knockoff version of godly lived in I
can't get my hands on I've been to that
bitch's house Kylie lip kit I shouldn't
put this on a long time alone before I
start moving this now I'm just out here
bangin away and my lip colors coming off
you know lightly on your lip
and squish them together that tie you to
this lip color is like one of my
favorites it's natural easy affordable
yeah I'll be like this moped unboxing
gaming tutorial makeup tutorial I hope
this was everything that you wanted
delete this is also my first collab
Evers make sure you go subscribe to
YouTube
peace out
let's watch my blood my subscribe
