Hey so I made one of these in the past
it was called thoughts from a bathtub
where I said I got all my best thinking
done in the bathtub and told you my
thoughts people have been highly
requesting me making a second one this
one is going to be slightly more formal
because nothing screams bath time quite
like a bright cherry lip with some
pearls on petition to make formal bath
I'm a thing gonna add some class to this
bath and if you don't mind I think I'm
going to get slightly less wet slightly
less props this time but without further
ado here is thoughts from our bathtub
- sometimes in life here the hammer
other times you're the nail sometimes
you're the tape measure a bad time to
have diarrhea is when you're on a zip
line
you can't finish square peg in a round
hole but you can light everything on
fire
if coyotes could just figure out how to
stand up and not do everything with
their face they have to hunt in packs
donuts aren't even real nuts Illuminati
confirmed they already make hot sauce
but why don't they make cold sauce for
food that's too spicy calling a couch
oversized as fat Jenny should call them
what they are rubenesque
why leave a question blank on a test
when you could leave it blanket
at least then it would be warm putting
makeup on and painting a canvas or
basically the same thing just don't sign
your name at the bottom of your face
it's weird
birds of a feather flock together but
birds have no feather don't really flock
at all they sort of just naked gather
what goes up must come down
unless you jump on a trampoline with the
jet
I think it should be socially acceptable
to sprint anywhere you want to it's
faster and I'm in a hurry
so my fault you're in third place at
Gary's funeral one time I wished upon a
cloud I was wondering why there are
police dogs but no police cats then I
realized that the police probably don't
have any use for a selfish do-nothing
employee if we were Pangea again the
beach would be so crowded once the kids
make volcanoes for science projects but
how come more kids don't make
earthquakes by just showing up to class
and shaking the table
I was the landlord I'd be cool about it
I'd let people just call me Lord the
word tabletop is redundant without a top
just legs we all know that only deviants
eat their spaghetti off of legs humans
can get their hair done but if you bring
in your dog and say I'd like to get him
done you can find out what kind of day
that person's having based on whether or
not you get arrested oh thank God for
bridges some people that work in retail
must wake up and think to themselves how
could I bother the fuck out of everyone
that walks in here today don't hate the
player hate the coach cuz it's Billy's
dad he's an alcoholic
you might pet your dog but I'm gonna be
honest I'm more like hand to salt them
in a petting motion I think alarm
systems would be more effective if
instead of alarm noises they just
shouted out the entire Gettysburg
Address april showers bring May flowers
but one time your parents had sex with
each other
why stop at a coat rack when you could
get a shoe rack at a shirt rack and an
underwear rack then you could just get
naked right when you get home what if
Bingle wasn't his name though what if it
was wrinkled well Gerald just between
you and me
I think a really dirty lazy person
double your pleasure double your fun
does not apply to wearing your glasses
over your contacts how many people do
you think the line face tie me that
pussy actually relates to I want a bra
for my butt a love bra size but I never
understood child leashes until I saw a
kid give no fucks at the Grand Canyon I
get it now
I will now perform the opening song
Bonjour from the movie Beauty and the
Beast and little town it's a quiet
village every day like the one before
little town full of little people like
that's problematic don't you think so
yeah those are my thoughts from abhava
hope you liked my thoughts because I
thought them and then I said them from
my bathtub in my formal attire my formal
bath be sure to subscribe to my channel
about other videos every Wednesday /
Thursday see you guys next week
I feel vulnerable now feel very
vulnerable I feel out there ok bye yeah
coughing a bath okay bye
