hi friends so I let the bodies hit the
floor let the bodies hit the floor let
the bodies of the bodies
Lin you with a piece of paper open the
door
so there are some moths in my house and
I don't really want to kill them but
they are driving me crazy
I swear it off they start chewing my
clothes it's gonna be game over I'm
gonna but I'm gonna put on the top stop
girl so we just got back from playlist
live and I'm still completely exhausted
and I'm still trying to catch up and I
have lost my mind a little bit so I can
only give you what my brain can handle
this week which you know I thought it
might tell you some stories I've told
you embarrassing stories on the podcast
I've told you some other kinds of
stories so why not just some general
childhood stories that are not really
embarrassing or scary
oh they're scary they're all haunted
also I'll be telling you these stories
from my new dream corner which I made
from my dreams which is made out abuse
towels and blankets and a wire light
that I tangled and made into a
chandelier worship Me Pinterest I
tweeted that and Pinterest favorited it
so I feel like I'm now the queen of da
first story I would like to tell you is
we have a lake house in upstate New York
that we go to in the summer and it took
I think like an hour and half to get
there so you know nothing too
traumatizing but when you're a child
that's a very long time we did not have
anything fun to do like have a cell
phone where we could tweet our 10 year
old thoughts from we would just sit
there and maybe look out the window and
maybe talk to each other but also I was
a big fan of a thing called cat's cradle
where you would take a big piece of
string and then you know play it by
yourself and do all kinds of stupid
things with it you really needed a
friend but I really liked to play with
it alone I was sitting in the backseat
because my brother is older so he got to
sit in the front seat so my dad was your
average dad when he had us for the
weekend my parents were divorced so we
would go to a lake house with him and we
stocked the McDonald's which I was very
excited about because I wanted me some
french fries you know so I realized that
if I take my string apart and it's a big
like loop of string just like 'wait
string and you know the leg
handles in the car like your little oh
shit bars or like some people call them
different things for like the handle in
the door of the car I realized that if I
take my string that is a loop and I loop
it over that I now have like a fun
contraption to hold my arms on but even
more fun than that is to put my feet in
it I can't hang my feet from that so I
was sitting in the backseat kicking my
feet and we were waiting for my dad who
had decided that he didn't want to go in
the drive-thru of McDonald's like a true
dad he thought it was faster to go
inside and get the foods we were sitting
in the car that was parked my brother's
like what did you do that looks so cool
and I'm like I know I'm a genius and
then before I knew it I had completely
sawed that little handle in half because
I forgot I had a rope and I forgot that
this thing called friction happens and I
saw it in him and at first I didn't say
anything to my dad because I knew that
that would be certain death as I think a
lot of you know I'm a really bad liar
and I have a terrible poker face and as
soon as he looked back at me he all of a
sudden realized that I had done
something terribly wrong and he was like
what is going on here and my brother
wasn't gonna tattle on me because he's a
snitch I appreciate that you know I sort
of just looked up at the handle and my
dad saw that I had sawed it in half and
I was in big trouble it was like top 10
most angry moments I think I've ever
seen my dad but you know what for those
30 seconds of leg freedom in straight
harnesses it was all worth it but this
is a cautionary tale to all of you
friends out there if you have a piece of
string do not hang your feet from it and
then slide them back and forth non-stop
because it will cut a hole through that
bar who's written the next story I would
like to tell you has to do with my
brother and I as gerbils
we both had gerbils first we had a
guinea pig her name was Lillian the
first one the second one's name was Gus
they were fun they were cool we put them
on leashes and try and walk them but we
mostly just ran around them in a circle
they didn't like it so my mom got
gerbils at the same time we were told
you know by every professional pet store
ever oh these are definitely both boys
awesome great let's take of mine was
named snoop and my brothers was named
sleepyhead now mind you my brother was
really good at
animals he had another hamster named
climb like not even climbing your
climber or it was climb like the verb
climb this one was sleepy head and
sleepy head was a black gerbil and mine
was like that dusty brown color and we
would always put them together and like
make him play together and stuff me a
great time I don't want anyone to be
offended by this but this is a very
childish insult which I thought was
hysterical at the time as a child would
my brother's gerbil was significantly
larger than my gerbil it's like sleepy
head was kind of a big gerbil and for
some reason it really bothered my
brother when I would tell him that his
gerbil was fatter than mine he really
did not like that and I would go hah
like your dribble so fat look at it like
it can't even climb over the obstacle
course we built it and he did showed up
my truck was not fat I was always like
dude you're just so fit just like the
most juvenile thing in the world so the
journals would say together in one cage
in my room because I love them I deserve
to have them in my room obviously my mom
had already turned off the lights and I
was like a kid because she was like
talking me into bed and I look over at
the gerbils and it looks like there's a
bunch of carrots in the bottom and I was
like mom did you feed the gerbils
carrots before we went to bed she was
like no I didn't feed them anything
inland well what's all that stuff in
their cage so my mom drinks on the light
and there's snoop and their sleepyhead
and sleepy had lost like 30 gerbil
pounds like sleepy head was now I felt
sleepy head and they were like 10 gerbil
babies in there I don't have you ever
seen gerbil babies but they're
disgusting and nasty and have like black
balls for eyes their eyes aren't open
they're like naked or like this big not
only are they like a bunch of babies in
the bottom but sleepy head who was
clearly the mother of these babies is in
the corner eating one of them she is
eating her babies which is something
that they do if they feel like they
can't take care of them I think there's
a lot of rodents or other mammals that
do this but she was literally eating her
baby and it was the most disgusting
thing I think I've ever seen so my mom
immediately to
makes sleepyhead out I think we had like
an old fish shape something we like
separated them immediately
father was really mad but I was right
the whole time dude like sleepyhead was
fat because sleepyhead was a lady and
sleeping I was pregnant as fuck when we
woke up in the morning there were only
like five babies left because snoopin
also eaten a bunch of the babies and it
was just absolutely sad and we had to
learn the hard way that sometimes if
your mom can't take care of you she's
just gonna eat you snoop and sleepyhead
sitting in a tree eating their own
babies and the last story that I would
like to share with you is that I loved
the cartoon character Pepe LePew who's
like a skunk and he was obsessed with
this cat that he loved very much and I
was thought it was so cute and silly and
adorable although I've looked at the
picture recently and it's not as
distinct as I remembered in my brain
what I remembered as a kid was that I
was obsessed with how the cat's whiskers
looked really neat and nice and cute and
my own cat whose name was Benny at the
time or Benito benzine bum Bellini uh
his whiskers were sort of everywhere and
I was like you know Benny this is not a
good look for you man like if you could
give me the honor
I feel like little Jonah's ratchet salon
could really fix you up bro and like
help you a lot so I took a pair of
scissors and I decided to give my cat
little haircut I cut his whiskers square
like this right to his face and I also
just remember you know the ones like on
their chin and their eyebrows and stuff
yeah just cut those right off because
they were not aesthetically pleasing to
me and my dad saw the cat it's like oh
my god what did you do and I was like
what do you mean what I gave him a
haircut look if he looks great he looks
like a new man dad like what are you
talking about you look so beautiful
you're welcome and my dad had to very
carefully explain to me that those
aren't just like weird stray hairs that
they use them to feel small spaces so
that it doesn't get its head stuck in
things users like well damn it now the
cat's gonna get its head stuck and
everything yeah he did you guys head
stuck and everything but you know what
he looked so handsome and I regret
nothing this is another cautionary tale
teach your kids with scissors not to
give their cat
some dogs whisker cuts because it made
100% sense to me so yeah that's it
stories from my childhood for you on
this day of stories subscribe to my
channel put out new videos every
Wednesday slash learns it and also this
Oh sucks I'm fired I quit I'm fine
and it sucks sucks no it's got
