how's it going brahs my name's Pierre
wrong channel I hate myself before I
start this video I just wanted to give
you a disclaimer and also an explanation
so the first part is that I got Julian a
drone for his birthday he's been using
it non-stop on his channel but when we
first got it we realized that Kermit
loves to chase the drone he is a
greyhound he's a sight hound he loves to
chase things we started to see where
that was going if it was dangerous like
you know what was what was going on he
really just loves to chase it he doesn't
like to play fetch he wants to just run
after the drone as fast as he can but he
doesn't want to bite it he doesn't want
to get it he just loves chasing it and
it turned out to be a wonderful form of
exercise for him why fight it when you
can just work with it peace doesn't
really care for marble he just stands
there and barks if anything we decided
to go out to the park once he's pretty
used to it and just let him chase the
drone and get some really awesome
footage of it because it really is
completely hysterical this is what I
want to watch on the Internet
so I made it exist and also the other
part of the explanation is that I just
want you to know that the drone is very
light plastic there's plastic propellers
it's not like the carbon-fiber kind that
are dangerous you guys know the carpet
is like my buddy buddy buddy we love
each other forever
I would never do anything that put him
in any sort of danger or had the
possibility of being harmed
I trust Kermit he trusts me we work
together to make fun things happen
without anybody getting hurt and if you
are planning on letting your dog chase a
drone make sure that you work with them
and that you're careful with them you
know your dog you know what they're
capable of obviously if the permit was
the lab maybe he would be trying to
catch the drone maybe that wouldn't be a
good idea I don't want anyone to think
that this is something dangerous and
some of the wider shots you can see like
just how goofy it is and how harmless I
promise you that it is and make sure you
subscribe to my channel I put out new
videos every Wednesday / Thursday I'm
gonna be a playlist live this weekend so
if you're gonna be there I will see you
it's just really cool really amazing I
just wanted to share with you so this is
Kermit versus the drone daven
Oh
get tired
got permit nice and wet she's getting a
little hot but mostly very tired of
sprinting onto the drone oh it's some
good exercise Kurt can we get the drum
did you see it
whenever it lands he's like that's not
even that excited you don't even care do
buddy
oh you say you want go home
