I thought I'd keep this thing old-school
and just fill them off at Sonic camera
it doesn't have good audio huh hi how
are you doing today are you getting a
snack or anything you get okay good good
to hear I'm glad so I made a video in
the past describing how I think avocados
are like propaganda in Southern
California which was not a popular
opinion and I realized I have quite a
few unpopular opinions maybe none of
them are as groundbreaking as that one
hate something is meaningless as an
avocado Jana really yes really plus I
also find unpopular opinions really
entertaining if you would like to leave
me some of yours in the comments that'd
be great because I'd also like to do
some light reading after this or heavy
reading you know whatever so here we go
here are some of my unpopular opinions a
lot of people that believe in ghosts
like if a loved one passes away they'll
always talk about like oh you know this
terrible thing was happening to me and
then I really think like my grandma came
and gave me a sign and like pointed me
in the right direction or even people
that believe in guardian angels these
people all have one thing in common
which is that they seem to think these
otherworldly beings only visit them in
times of need and I wholeheartedly
disagree because I'll speak for myself
if I was a ghost I wouldn't just like
help people when they needed me I'd be
there all the time like the more random
the better all those times when you're
in your house alone I just be standing
in the corner like they didn't cut any
nails I'm gonna stand here and watch you
which leads me to think about are you
ever really truly alone I say no it's
like when you're a little kid and you
think that no one's watching you and
then you grow up and realize that your
parents actually had a baby monitor
watching you the entire time it's like
that I don't think the ghosts and or
spirits or angels why am i turning I
hate this chair
I don't think ghosts and/or spirits just
limit their visitation hours to when you
need them I think they're there all the
time creeping on you maybe that will
change how you do things when you think
you're alone somebody's always watching
I think parasailing is boring his fuck
when I first saw what it was I thought
it was an extreme sport like being
dragged behind a motorboat all attached
to a parachute that looks intense count
me out but I did it and once you get up
there it's boring as fuck pretty stuff
to look at but like you could do that
from your hotel room I kind of wanted to
take a nap all
there you think there'd be like a lot of
sound like stuff whipping past your ears
no it's on completely silent it's very
boring it's not worth it this next
opinion it was like an entire podcast
topic but I think that the Kardashians
are important to our culture because
they are among the first people that are
paving a path of what it means to just
be yourself for a living people get
upset that they have no traditionally
tangible talent you're not a singer or
an actor I can't fit you in my box
therefore why are you so famous it
really bothers me with the core of my
being they're so famous for nothing but
if you just see it as they're being
themselves for a living I take a little
bit of that pressure off you but a lot
of people on the Internet fall into that
box don't they I'm in that Bob because
it opens the door in the future of what
you can do if you would like to just be
yourself for a living I think it's
pretty cool I think almond butter tastes
like blood I think it's gross and it
tastes like blood I like peanut butter
I like all their butters I like butter
butter I like apple butter almond butter
tastes like blood I think tonic water
tastes like your wax don't act like you
don't know what your wax tastes like you
do you've done it by accident before
it's gross don't be one of those people
I think making a salad is way too much
work for the end result just mediocre at
best but way too much cutting and
washing and preparing but if you put
that much time and effort into like a
mac and cheese now we're talking unlike
a lot of people on the internet that
write about it at nauseam and yes I read
your points I get your points but I do
not think that today's teenagers are
lazy and entitled and detached I think
that they're smart savvy and hilarious
I've met lots of 13-year olds with
Twitter accounts and you know what they
write hilarious jokes want to know why
because they're more in touch with
what's going on then I will probably
ever be let alone like our parents
generation they know things that took
you a long time to learn and can make
really funny observational jokes about
what's going on in the world because
they just know and maybe they have
different skills than what you define
but then again I'm not really talented
at hard manual labor which I'm sure my
grandparents would find as a character
flaw I suggest you'd be a little more
open to people that are lazy and
detached and entitled
because maybe they have something to
teach you I actually don't mind
Nickelback's music I don't I liked it
when it came out I still don't really
mind it I think Jenna is the best name
ever
sorry all other names I can't account
for Jenna's with a G or one N or any
other son just Jenna je n na is the best
name Jim is the best thing regardless of
everything going on in American politics
right now I still think that Ivanka
Trump Donald Trump's daughter is like
really cool and really smart and really
awesome I would buy her a drink like the
gentleman that I am sometimes I just
like to be a gentleman is there anything
wrong with that
I think hairless cats are cute and
endearing is fuck and I would like to
have one if I could I have a landlord
that says no but I say otherwise so I
would like to have one the best most
underrated exhibit at any Zoo is the
otters everybody's always crowding
around the giraffes and the elephant's
yeah they're cool and stuff but go check
out the otters you won't be disappointed
usually they have some sort of like
aquatic area for them to swim and like
rocks and stuff maybe they're giant
otters maybe they're little ones you
never know but they all make those
squeaky noises and they all jump around
and swim and they're adorable but the
coolest part about otters is that they
never even seem like they're worried
about surviving they're literally just
there to have a great time there's
plenty of animals in zoos where you look
at them and you feel bad you're like oh
I mean it's cool to see you man Bullock
you seem sad this doesn't seem right I
feel kind of bad I spent money on this
I'm the problem but like it was cool I'm
sure they take this carry if you go see
the otters look it up they got a slide
they are living they don't even care
they don't want to catch food they don't
want to fight each other these guys just
literally want to slide down their
slides and swim around all day and they
just keep a rock-like in a pouch on them
and play with it and that's their life I
would like to be an otter riddle me a
more optimistic animal in a zoo you
can't
I think curtains are way too expensive
for what they are and a complete waste
of money you're selling me a box of
fabric is it the sixth sense this is a
ripoff
I'm getting hat what are you gonna sell
me next to Pitt Rock malarkey this is a
really unpopular opinion but I'm
actually very tired of superhero movies
I used to really like that but like I
get it now okay somebody's the soup
here oh you do the same shit will be
over I'm sorry
literally everyone that saw me for
hurting your feelings just now but I'm
kind of over it I don't you just make
movie about otter psychic down beside
that be a great movie I could see that
I'd see that like four times in the
theater I only know a couple of people
that share this opinion but I am
legitimately terrified of prescription
drugs and I do not want them anywhere
near me any time I've ever been
prescribed them I rip it up and I loudly
exclaimed ah no thank you
and lastly I say this because it just
happened when a dog throws up and eats
the food that is just threw up I don't
really find it that gross I think it's
kind of sweet like oh what a nice
gesture of you to not want to waste that
perfectly good food bless you bless you
little one
that's what Kermit just did he's he's a
nice guy so yeah those are my unpopular
opinions and I don't really care what
anybody says I'm gonna do a little bit
I'll listen to you I'll listen but leave
me some of your unpopular opinions
because I think they're fun and awesome
think for yourself use your own brain
it's a cool thing to do all with someone
for second base make sure you subscribe
to my channel I put on new views every
Wednesday / Thursday I love you eg say
goodbye yeah but have you ever seen a
cat eat their own poop that shows next
level Oh
