Oh God the foot fella hi friends so I
have done video in the past where I
sewed something and showed you that I
like to sew even though I'm not very
good at it I just refused to fail but I
was talking with Julien recently and I
realized that we used to have to take
home economics or you learn how to like
sew and cook stuff and apparently people
don't take that anymore that's how I
learned how to sew when I was like 12
years old and you know what I still a
mediocre at it it's a good skill to have
because you know if she ever went down
and is I'll be apocalypse
everyone's gonna be butt ass naked and
I'm gonna be over here sewing with
electricity and I'm also just sick of
buying clothes I don't like it nothing
ever fits me you know I don't always
agree with the prices which is why I'm
wearing an actual pajama shirt because
I'm gonna change I went to the fabric
store and I got a bunch of fabric and
I'm just gonna try and sell myself like
a sick outfit and see if I could just
never buy clothes again because I'm
gonna be so good at it I'd have any
skills in terms of like buttons or
zippers or elastic really I also don't
want to spend a lot of time doing this
because I feel like I could spend like a
month on it look patterns fuck all that
shit let's just like do it live like I
need to be clothed right now so here we
go I'm gonna sell myself an outfit okay
so in case you can't tell I'm really not
going to change this so everything that
I sew is gonna be with navy blue indoor
black red which if you have a problem
with just click away now so I think I'm
gonna make like a long maxi skirt
because those are overpriced just in
time for spring or whatever row what
guess like how big you want it to be and
then we'll just not pin it and sew it I
won't do this video drunk except it
seems really dangerous to so drink so
what so what
zig zag Oh too big to make it into the
problem something smells like burning
looks
good but then you discuss all this
fashion
sometimes when you rush you really do a
number on your sewing machine okay you
know when you mess it up when you're in
like middle school you just give it to
your teacher and then they do it like
I'm going to show you how to
problem-solve which is a real life skill
get your scissors and cut whatever the
fuck is bothering you the fuck out get
oh yeah backwards and forwards and
backwards just like life I really go
stop doing that accent I feel like is
this place
sit down in the sewing machine it just
comes out of me I mean the butt could
use a little work
it's got like a nice high maternity
waistband for those of us that aren't
pregnant but just like to feel the
comfort of having food babies this is my
next fabric and I'm gonna make a shirt
out of it and I decided to go with grey
theme yeah I don't know how to make
shirts but the best way to learn is to
just look at it shirt and then try and
make it you got leave arm holes mmm
there's your arm and then I'm just going
to come in so that it's not like a big
square but it's only like a little bit
of square it's gonna be a shirt fam just
don't even bother finishing anything cuz
you're just gonna take your scissors and
then do whatever you want to it boss
look how fucking edgy that looks movie
edgy god I'm just I'm so fucking edgy
I'm trying to make myself an entire
wardrobe just for any weather that may
arise what if we made it like short of
square or round I don't know yet in the
front a head hole and then the Cape yes
yes okay yeah I didn't think I would
have to spell it so if we just put my
head whole like here and then the back
was like perfect yes you know somebody
could have made something really nice
this not me because that it kind of
feels weird though wow I feel so covered
up and yet sober so I'm literally
wearing like a tube of pajamas
and I love it where am I going in this
to the hole okay to the ball so when I
was at the fabric store um I saw this
and just really couldn't resist so what
lady going to a ball couldn't fit this
into their wardrobe mmm will do thumb
and like an arm thing or you know
whether and you know things that might
come up with your hands
precise measurements no lady going to
the ball would be complete without real
classy pair glove
I've already got my cape my gloves I
need a hat just in case it gets cold a
fun exciting fabric to make hat out of
is denim because who has a denim hat me
I don't know how to make a hat all right
so I just looked at Julian's beanie I
have a moderate understanding of how
someone created that I can't do it so
let's just like see what happens
clearly this is a perfect circle I
brought
protractor well lead the edges Rock
because I think that screams like really
exciting half denim Oh God oh this is
stupid
I don't know if you've ever tried to sew
in like plasticy gloves but it is not
easy okay it's like super easy okay so I
finished my my denim hat and um Jen
don't laugh it's fashion I look like
okay I just realized that I look like my
character in elders did you look like
your character that's really what I've
been making this all time oh my god
ladies I mean if you saw this you know
like that is kitchen moving on there's
one last thing that I'm gonna make to
complete my outfit I'm gonna make a bag
and I got the perfect pop of color okay
a perfect fabric to finish off my
perfect outfit is Harry Faulk oh I
really should have just made my entire
outfit off of this but that's for next
time I'm gonna make a purse and then I
will be right back
so as you can see I made it so nice and
adjustable with this big knot of extra
fabric that's here um but if I were you
put your potions yeah this is great for
holding all your wands in your books to
Hogwarts and also just all of your extra
fabric from your outfit how's my outfit
look looks great you like it I'm scared
of you of it atlascare just a little
elbow grease and determination and this
could be you I feel like the outside
matches the inside this is really great
but I know that there's someone out
there just like me that is like yes it
should you fought that outfit up I've
had a good time and now I'm gonna go out
on the town clearly I mean honestly I
would wear this shirt and a skirt this
cake needs a little work
this bag is impeccable yeah make sure
you subscribe to my kingdom I put out
new videos every Wednesday slash
Thursday don't like a sword or anything
so come on I'm off to Coachella alright
I'll see you guys next week I hope one
person in the world like this video
because I liked it a lot
alright my hands are fucking sweating
bye top of the morning
