kiss him kissing Logan yes guys today
for the first time I feel truly
responsible like I'm growing up
I feel older I'm leaving my house and my
family the normal I won't have my mom
around for the last time I know right
all my clothes packed up to move to
California without a house lined up yeah
Dylan actually went to the ER yesterday
because he had something wrong with his
stomach he was throwing up at 6:00 a.m.
at my house and then the next day at his
house and Kyle Dylan's brother is
picking Dylan up from his house right
now because he's coming with us and Kyle
is coming with us as well I was not
living there but he wants to come along
for the ride and I won him to two
because I just love Kyle man I am just
so freakin sided I'm just so excited I
live in LA yeah I'm excited to tell you
goodbye
he's not coming with us guy and I just
wanted to stay here one last night yes
hey bye guys wherever but it is good
you're taking your car to California and
living with us yeah that'll be cool okay
quite then do not go back to bed honey
you need to get up you need to tell them
goodbye
give me kids come on
feeling better
god I was so worried they said I could
have an infection in my intestines you
hey welcome to the club need to put
stuff in the moving truck don't put it
in butter
well nightie you're the last item we
have to choose whether we want to take
you or not
candy toy is broken in the corner um you
know you haven't really said much since
we've been hanging out let's do a
loyalty test I've got it and you're
going downstairs that was a trust fall
save it for the judge night you're going
downtown I knew I should record I know
you make these weird sounds I just love
hearing them I'm gonna miss him so much
alrighty goodbye basement good bye
Quinn's twin Tanner bye bye Taylor
Tanner see you next time forever I guess
I'll meet you guys there
we gotta do one more sin into the foam
pit and I gotta get up there without you
in the stairs tradition just mystic is
your horrible cameraman piece the guitar
landed on my car I don't know you want
me to film that or not right wait it was
this piece right here in Wayne
Challenger is completely full Corvette
is completely full and protected going
ladies up getting sealant and the little
amount of room in here is taken up as
well and it's time to hit the road but I
got to tell my mom good night
one last time cuz I say good night every
time I leave the room goodbye Luna new
tires on the Challenger so hopefully we
can make it there just got the oil
change mom did that for me guys let's
speed out of this neighborhood one last
time Skeeter see you Wednesday mama
still gonna be sad this is the time of
our lives
I'm annoyed and so plot twist I like
Tristan the most the whole time
but that the Rao and every day I felt
the same but beyond the horizon away
sunny days I'm thinking about you I'm
thinking bout you
I can't wait for help
so I'm wearing the shirt right now that
changes to a dibs shirt it's a normal
shirt right now you guys didn't even
know whenever you walk out into the Sun
it appears but as you can see use no Sun
inside thought this would be more like
happy whatever we got nine hours to
drive today we're stopping in
Albuquerque New Mexico and pick up on
the road tomorrow we're staining some
hotel there but it goes quite amenities
for bat and the Dylan and I love my
Challenger and then Logan and I in here
and I don't even have to look at the GPS
I'm kind of just chill I don't even know
sport mode what are you
okay you show me the setup but we got
that through there go she's the
Bluetooth speaker netflix playing
because he's lonely in here this lady
built a house on a mountain with a
lowing seven four seven we sure the
sun's coming out
burnin extra gas we gotta go we're only
an hour into this trip still excited and
not tired of driving yet what's out
there on the top of the car it's a
computer thing same brand that's in the
Attic okay the cheapest one you can get
we're finding Logan's ps4 and seeing if
we can transfer some power try to start
it up certain place a fortnight we are
about four hours in now moment of truth
is there power
it works will we be able to play for
tonight or did I spend 150 is a little
bit more cramped in this car I am so
excited for this yeah me too Isuzu be
sitting right here gaming will close the
door shut the windows it should be quiet
enough to hear it fortnight time
and now we are on a highway middle of
nowhere exact same the entire time we've
been driving this is my organic jams
gotta make sandwich for the road or wee
acres
take a look I love bread 999
and now it is dark outside and it's my
turn to play I've been driving for a
long time bull arrived at a hotel in
about an hour just gonna crash there and
start driving immediately in the morning
so I'll probably just pick up the vlog
then and go ahead and just end it for
the day the RV fam damn big dogs watch
two and a half hours of sleep and twelve
hours of continuous driving today even
though this is day two of the same video
I hope you guys are all having a great
day open tank lanes killing it some of
you might have paused the video halfway
through and you waited today so I hope
you're having a good day that day fam
Albuquerque's pretty cool but we got
places to be
we could add the hotel with the water
slide out the side but no check out
dirty this got from one ride oh my god
we just hydroplane and flew off the road
we're in the median but yeah we're fine
I corrected it swerves the wheels here
oh my god my heart is racing so fast the
adrenaline god I'm shaking already look
at that look at the mud
oh my god we went all the way off over
there you guys can see all of that water
flying off the back Quinton text me they
don't even know that we did this mm yeah
back on the road guys that was so scary
and we're so lucky that we're so lucky
we didn't roll yeah we are so lucky dude
so if that median I was driving normally
just killing we weren't even speeding
we haven't gotten pulled over wants to
strap in then being responsible look at
me shaking not only because of the mud
but because the car is shaking
directions to nearest carwash did you
see that look behind you do you see me
exactly because we flew off the road and
skidded like 50 feet in mud and my car
is shaking right now because it's
covered in mud and I can't drive it very
well trying to find a carwash but it
says it's an hour away that shows how
bad the was because they didn't even see
that's how much water was on the road
fast it was to a split second and it was
everything was changed and we were
flying and look how deep that is
guys we literally went sideways and I
was just trying to correct it how was
their school buses on this road and I
was this safe we were right next to a
semi - yeah I'm gonna go get my car
washed and hopefully nothing's too
damaged I'm definitely gonna have to
take it to the shop that's how shaky do
we really did take a wrong turn in
Albuquerque Looney Tunes reference but
this is not funny we're gonna pull over
nice to be able to point
skidded sideways off the road at 75
miles an hour come look at my car what
oh I know there's but it's shaking when
I Drive look at the wheels how do you
not have shoes on so bad I know oh your
old buddy yeah oh the car is going like
this mud on the TV down there it's all
look how much mud it's just clumps and
clumps and clubs look at the CalPERS
covered completely hopefully we'll be
back on the road soon
looks like Papa's getting a new set of
wheels because this has been well this
is the only car wash we could find my
tracks actually complete hopefully this
fixes the mud my tire and fixes the
shaking or else we're gonna have to go
to a mechanic and I don't want to waste
any more time we have 11 hours of
driving and it's already 10 o'clock
well I guess the car wash helped a
little bit but it's still muddy and it
still feels janky to me
I don't know guys maybe we'll just keep
driving I just want to get to California
and then I can fix it but I got to be
able to get there safe it should be
decent but we do need to get the mud out
of the tires
we finally found an actual car line
check it out and we drove through the
frozen tundra
so much is coming out of the Wow there
was supposed to do that's what we did
for currently at a tire shop in the
middle of nowhere I have no clue where
we are like cars still shaking after
that second wash my car still shaking so
here we are
yep it's getting lifted up and hopefully
taken care of this is delaying our trip
and it's not fun turns a 12 hour drive
into 15 hours yep it's snowing even
harder not good wow she's officially a
spaceship yes ah hopefully this doesn't
take much longer guys trying to make it
there today she's back
and it's still snowing and freezing cold
it's a hot wheels oh hey there's my car
can I can I have that back please
where you going just kidding they're
checking to see if it works
that's good joke ha ha they said one of
the tires was out of line everything
else was fine except my rim is a little
bit scratched up so I could show you
guys real quick scratch pretty bad along
most of it actually and all the way down
there too but we're heading out let's
get this show on the road tell him in
three hours feels pretty good so far
we're about to get on the highway and
test it because it was rattling at sixty
miles an hour a little bit there
hopefully we have it fixed not too bad
we're almost as smooth as a goose but
I'm going to stay around this speed
because I don't want to end up in there
again where's the rest of you could
shred bro we got my car fixed and I
wasn't driving like this when the
initial failure occurred so we go on
five over five over against my witness
eighty miles an hour
enough messing around guys
it's coming to me hold on I know there
is a lot of you guys that are about to
get your driver's license you're
probably in driver's ed or maybe you
have a car ready and you've been driving
for even a year like I was every rain
storm every snowstorm I would just go
the speed limit or sometimes like five
ten over which now I realize I was going
the speed limit
don't acquitting were in front of me
nothing happened to their car but my car
just must have hit it a little bit
differently and it just takes one second
for you to end up in the ditch what if
that wouldn't been a ditch yeah what if
suppose in the ditch what if it was a
bunch of rocks and stuff we'd be dead
that's 80 miles an hour 75 miles an hour
you could have been a cliff right we're
getting past right now we're not
speaking out we're getting passed right
now we're not speeding we're playing it
safe I speed a lot on my channel because
I love cars and I love the thrill I've
always just loved danger stuff and I
share this with you but if you want to
speed go on a track and if it's rain and
if it's thunderstorm if it's snow and
don't mess around on the road just be
safe and you'll be a lot more likely to
not do it we just did spend three hours
of your day
kind of sucks but back on the road see
those way up there probably not with
their mouth directions to Los Angeles
California 7 hours and 21 minutes
because we took a three-hour stop but
it's gonna be a long drive we're in
Arizona right now
I love Arizona we'll be there tomorrow
and remember we don't have a house yet
we got to find a house I have no clue if
I'm gonna vlog us house shopping it's up
to you guys I think it's kind of stupid
because they all have their own
different rules because of people like
Jake and Logan that make it hard for
youtubers to rent houses but I will pick
up the vlog whenever something cool is
going down dog and without looking at
the camera it's staring directly safely
at the road I'm gonna do my outro hey
guys I'm across this video and don't
really like chance has to enjoyed
subscribe to do it I'll see ya
you just maybe
