kiss-kiss ah yeah make hold hands
milling and his brother always getting
into scrappy fights ok because we're
brothers yeah I have a gay brother what
is going on guys today we're back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day oh crap no no I have to censor
that gun there because my last video guy
age-restricted when I said act and that
was it I didn't say anything else
I didn't even shoot a gun but I guess
nowadays kids cannot know that guns
exist they're pretty scary but village
here Kyle's here
Kyle's villains brother it's kind of hot
in here dude my stomach when I did that
if you guys missed my last video yeah
YouTube's been pissed me off a little
bit piss and a lot of people off I'm not
gonna be yapping about that this video
but what I will say hold up hold up hold
up I bought a tent for a trampoline not
a net it is a circular tent like for
camping that goes over a trampoline as
you guys saw by the thumbnail entitles
me I don't wanna be on the Internet
Taylor has the flu is her to Tristan's
the only one that hasn't gotten it in
our family now and because my channel
got striked in a lot of my videos get
demonetized age-restricted
for no reason I'm not really making any
money off youtube right now so we're
about to go via trampoline because I
don't have a 14-foot trampoline I have a
16 24 15 I have everything but who needs
food or groceries I'm scared to use any
music because my videos get claimed by
like six people that don't own the music
so Oh there's Kyle
there's Dylan there's a Kansas tree
field maybe I don't know Wow but before
we pick up the trampoline we're stopping
at Verizon real quick because Dylan has
to pick up his brand new iPhone X that
he's been trying to get for like a week
he has an iPad for a phone right now
it's pretty hilarious he should be
walking out any second a few moments
later
if you guys wondered how long the nuke
rocks would stay clean not very long
Adventure a let's see a cutie about
frickin time that was probably thirty
minutes oh yeah okay so it would have
been 25 minutes less if the guy what if
I wouldn't have to cry my credit card
like he was a nice guy and everything
but he told me about he'd like the
screen protector and the cases and he's
like I don't know tell me about it I'm
sure I guess I'll pay for lunch - I mean
don't you guys know I'm broke now I
don't even make any easier brother my
gosh can you please ask him if there's
any way you can like discount coupons
okay everybody before we go into Walmart
let's do a pop socket check I got mine I
got a new phone so I don't have one yet
hey I would censor what I'm about to do
to you but that won't even do it justice
I'll still get demonetised probably get
to monetize for saying the word bleep
stuff out you sucka demonetized I don't
fucking know dude I think that's the one
oh my god it looks so good a 209 monies
I guess just throw it in the basket only
45 minutes to assemble with two people
melon we might go the other way
hello I'd like to buy one launchpad yes
man and here is the hard part getting it
into Kyle's Acura you got it you got it
pull the cart out come on we got to get
it in here there you go yeah keep going
keep going well no the weatherstrip we
messed it up bad
you do realize all the money to pay for
this 400 Dylan it looks like I'm sitting
on your lap
I invite guys there's room for a third
all right let's go make a 10th attempt
to make it 10 what kind of thing because
I'm pretty sure Dylan's are you pitching
one right now you said you had an
erection yeah yeah yeah no here push oh
my god perfect Oh tore my brand-new
trampoline dude well now we got to spend
probably an hour setting this up and
then we got to put a tent on it I say we
initiate time-lapse sequence
we can do it sorry Matthew what all
right let's do this it's a bug your head
don't know what they're putting it out
yeah
I'm getting too old for apples teens
Catherine
it's quite all right now we're just
gonna add a tip this should fit around
this trampoline this is a 14-foot well
even though you're just on a trampoline
fiddling a side of it sent your video
will get D monetized ah dang it we
should read the instruction before you
bought it for real though dude I'm so
glad you're 18 because adult supervision
required you're the best
I'm just supervise thank you do you want
to help set up a ramp Osteen - thanks
sorry this is the Tanner braggin our
channel we yell everything that we say
cut the part outward full no
oh my god that looks so cool especially
with the sunset it's pretty cold out
here I know you guys are freezing but
it's all right I got the clickbait
hoodie let's go uh it might actually be
tall enough to like do flips inside oh
this is like a house it's got doors and
stuff all over this is so beautiful look
you can jump a tiny tiny bit Dillon
can't but I can't try to hit your head
on the top right now let's see it it
would get very cold in here at night
because you're still outside and it's
cold right now and the Sun still out a
little bit I mean I'll try to sleep in
here we're gonna need a buttload of
blankets maybe even a heater fan with an
extension cord
I don't know comes with a little window
you can spy on your friends ah it's like
harder to see the ground because
whenever there's no sunlight it's just
like see-through completely okay do you
think I could yeah Crocs are coming off
for this one I just can't have leave
like because I get nothing else from
this besides tons of fun in the cold I
think I almost touched it yeah I'll
probably put 24 hours in the title but
everyone knows we're not staying out
here for a day I gotta hop on a plane
tomorrow
you gotta pack my bag got edit this
video I didn't know packed at all I mean
either I never pegged only one five
minutes for hmm good night Anna just
walked in I'm talking to Ryan all right
we made a tent on a trampolines pretty
cool yeah you will still has that offer
on the table they're going back and
forth the way it boils down
you gotta go business okay sweet it is
almost dark now guys check it out
sunsets almost over Jennifer's got the
blankets and I got a pillow don't let it
run home for some reason I don't know
pillow rainbow of course and two
blankets one of them's purple and one of
them's awesome ha t Bogart calm let's go
yeah I know
oh whoa whoa whoa this looks really cool
with the flashlight and the night sky
from flip front flip wrap racks is the
new word to say except I'm making none
of those now
okay BRB I gotta go get another camera
battery this one's at 3% and I thought
it was charged ah okay now let's get a
time check
7:46 in the PM's no bad vibes oh you're
so cool when you lay down it just gets
that much cooler guys
we're in sandy's treedome right now all
right I don't want you guys to get the
wrong idea I definitely do not like this
girl but I'm gonna have to be like right
next to you because it is very cold I'll
probably pick up the vlog window one
gets here and I may or may not go inside
because we might freeze to death okay I
lied we didn't go inside we've been out
here on the trampoline for probably
another oh no 30 minutes and someone
keeps shining their headlights I just be
the neighbors getting back at me for
speeding through the neighborhood okay
my camera is about to die again but uh
1021 right now I guess who's in here
with me hold on let me turn on the force
touch flashlight Logan and Dylan are you
now yeah and Jennifer laughs yeah let's
go I know that's a KO in the background
I'm pretty sure it is 12 22 I don't know
one can see my face but
yeah we're going snooze and I'll
probably see you guys in the morning
I have to go get another blanket
tomorrow the challenge has been failed
good morning guys um obviously we're in
the attic right now it just got way too
cold on the trampoline that's just it we
all just came to the Attic last night I
don't even know who all's in here
anymore my five blankets made my feet
sweat mostly because I have my Crocs on
but I can barely move my hands right now
mrs. Logan still there Dylan slept over
here by the heater fans and he's not
even here anymore
we could have been using them guys I'm
pretty sure this is the first challenge
I've actually like failed we still
stayed outside what's the temperature I
might have failed like one more but this
was it was just too much it was too cold
it was basically like sleeping outside
37 degrees way too cold
way too cold it's going to get down to
15 degrees tonight good thing we're
leaving oh yeah Logan's come with us and
Dylan Mitchell is coming too
I'm done with this attic let's go inside
Oh radishes alarm comes off you left the
attic and you left heater fans we have
heater fans all right if you don't put
away that middle finger I'm never gonna
get one of these YouTube does not like
that well guys I guess it's the perfect
time to in this video here I'm gonna go
edit it and my next video that I make
will be in California I'll do my best
upload they're just kind of depends what
we're doing because I know we're going
to the desert and I don't know how much
Wi-Fi is out the desert so yeah I think
you guys never watch this video and
overtly like Sharon if you enjoyed
subscribe to do and I'll see you guys
next one
No
