what is going on guys today we were back
in today I hope you guys are all having
very flexible in the rest once I get
guys falling okay Dylan you can send it
oh my god I wonder where I switched out
of my white underwear I'm in my Arizona
Indian underwear because that's where
they all came from it's kind of cold
outside it's still cloudy a little bit
raining outside today but as you guys
see by title we're gonna be going by my
old high school in my car my super car
super dirty right now come on
Julian yeah see that you see that that's
what happens when you drive it in the
rain and out in the country for a while
yesterday's video whenever we went and
played hide and seek in the haunted
grain elevator with the mask song that
kind of happened in my car but it's okay
we're gonna clean it right now next time
you ask me to drive your car and then I
go get stuff don't leave mass in the
front for me to find when I open the
fridge we have some cleaning supplies on
the other side and you already know
we're gonna do a sexy carwash montage
because I'm a teenage boy in my prime
and I need my girl fanbase up well my
boy fan base this is 2017 this is for
like your day to day just dusting it off
so you can show them with the camera you
got a vlog mom okay I'll be the show
person yeah and then we're just gonna
wash let's close my doors and get
started because we have ten minutes
before we gotta head out to the school
it's almost three o'clock it looks like
morning because the clouds it's all sad
well strap the GoPro on as you guys saw
I made my own GoPro contraption
hopefully it works let's get sexy
all right we should probably get to
actually cleaning it if this is gonna
get done all right there we go baby look
at it shine dude oh my gosh we're back
in business
yay oh thank you yeah they're pretty
dirty after last night as you guys see I
have the robe on it's not because I want
to be an asshole it's just cuz I wanted
it for the thumbnail for you know
comedic purposes
okay Tanner doesn't want to say anything
so yours doing back on the campus no
this is a chrome rose gold not even the
kids parents at this school can afford
it so that's why we're going
all right that's why I have Dillon here
to say the stuff that I won't say the
reason I'm going back to my old school
is not because I want to I really don't
want to but about what you don't have a
video idea today that I see so many
comments and I like do it do it do it
bring it back and since it's here in
Kansas and I know one thing for sure
we're gonna go there and it's gonna be
awkward because it's just it has to be
Tanner doesn't have anything to say no I
just pulls up and you're like oh yes hi
I know we're gonna go there and it's
either gonna be wow that's awesome
people are gonna be like happy
complimenting it like coming by saying
what's up maybe take some pictures I
don't know I was supposed to be a senior
in high school this year so I'd be
graduating this spring or whatever so I
don't really know the three classes
below mine I know some of the holes that
were in my class before hopefully they
come outside they're probably olive oh
for bus season's over they're probably
all it track water polo or there is a
possibility that people are gonna be how
I remember it saying something mean
your engage a golf your pink Crocs you
nice robe where'd you get it
store so I have my ring on me I mean
it's not my middle finger yet but if
need be I will transfer it over so I'm
just gonna go to where I used to get
picked up from school whenever I was
like a sophomore I stopped going to
school my junior year I never went back
for that year or any year after and I'm
usually too nice of a guy to say
anything I don't know what kind of
experience this is going to be we're
almost there we're gonna strap on the
GoPro I'm gonna put the robe all the way
on we'll make sure the exhaust is nice
and loud
bump some music get some copyright no
Rockstar is not copyright no way no not
Kagura
hey I see children that means we're
coming to go pro I just heard someone
who lived it was a Mustang you want some
little boy oh look there's a phone I see
a phone he doesn't even care about us
okay oh there it goes hey thanks G this
kid just flipped me off wait grey shirt
yeah exposed Thank You Man yeah better
in person right yeah yes Thank You Man
sir right now we're like half and half
with the mean people in normal rev it up
I think they like that support yes I'm
in were the cool kids now maybe if I had
this car back when I was in high school
I would have been able to sit with them
at lunch I've
thank you bro no no no I asked how you
take the picture thanks for being cool
but like that kid how you doing dude you
hear the sarcastic kids and then they
just get shut down by everybody that's
good I love that oh I see you snatch I
think this guy's not moving because you
got it pretended not to hear again and
here he goes not caring right
hey Thank You Man how you doing two
things they're being so hard oh I
remember that guy he was in my class
his name is dude there's a girl walking
over there that whenever I came back
here my Challenger she took a picture of
that but I don't see you taking pictures
now yeah tell me one will do thanks for
the memories because this school gave me
some real ones
there's like five kids outside I got you
with a snapchat dude these people are
still my homies what's up I feel like
you came here just to flex on everybody
with your car no I was just seeing if
people would be nice and see who'd be
until so dicks yeah dude nice back to
you and I'll put you in the vlog in like
everything's cool I'll add you on
snapchat whatever but like hi cop oh man
we got a crisscross all right looks like
we have three kids coming up from behind
what's up you doing here get out
dude like are you really just gonna like
everyone oh my god dude I'm not like
trying to flex I was just having a good
time why they can't why can't I be here
then why ain't you here man
because no I swear to God this is where
I step out in case he gets in a fight
this is cripples like you can end up
just like him bro oh I was getting this
is my friend pain he's pretty cool he's
from high school
what's that hey I'm just living life man
DICOM Ripley you're crippled you call
him cripple and then crippled let's give
him trans Gator voice powers its
Samantha oh okay that's it that make
sense so a lot of them are outside it
would have been funnier for more people
from my grade came on bonus now we are
stopping by my old elementary school I
think there'll be better reactions here
look how happy this little guy is he's
so pumped
hey man how are you what's up bro
you want to get in my r8 I have free
candy guys that's the woman that owns my
old house oh are you hi what's up guys
yeah we're just cruising log that kids
so cute
you're six through eight little man
she's like bait she's got the hoodie hey
come here no I come here she got the
hoodie hey what's your name good job
Mallard Oh Amy nice to meet you
she made the bug what grade are you in
fit okay you're moving on to middle
school then yeah it's awesome
well thank you for following the March
that's dope you don't even promote the
merch I know I hope my merch keep
rongeur calm Keep Calm like my comments
so many smiles and that's just awesome
like dude I would go by the school every
single day if this was the reaction like
I would just drive around America doing
this that's just though alright cedilla
Mitchell's house now there's nice to
brew would have so much fun as this as I
kindly the doens have outnumbered the
Tanner this is iconic we've finally
outnumbered the Tanner's nice to meet
you there's a first time meeting we give
a high-five it's cool I know it is cold
I have a robe on Wow hi it's my grandma
in her van I recognize you because
you're the only one with this specific
one what's up Logan how you doing
you want a race ah okay go
No
Oh grandpa she got a new outfit yeah
y'all fired up ready to go away yeah
this looks like it matches your style
grandpa but dang guys it's looking like
we're gonna have to do another sexy car
wash part two I mean just look at it we
went down the dirt road a little bit
it rained again should we end it off
with a little drift action yeah go car
okay
- but it'll work with the same size okay
I don't have shoes not true this kids
like three years younger than me and
it's the same height as me going onto
the open road
this is a good part about Kansas we can
do whatever we want bro
baby what's in this
bye guys we made it home as soon as we
could how long has dinner been ready ten
minutes okay cool well I have one for
some of this camera you only help me do
this outro thank you guys so much Ross
to this video and don't forgive them for
the phones if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys next
