is anybody home mom dad all my parents
are divorced that chair what the heck
the truck is gone they believe and not
tell me it is only 11 a.m. I guess I'm
chilling alone today I was gonna see if
someone wanted to drive the RA in the
rain with me for the first time I just
imagined it being super beautiful in the
rain like on a rainy night with the
clouds all cloudy lightning in the
background tornado chasing us can
anybody guess where I'm going
if you said Best Buy you're right what
am i doing I haven't even done my intro
what is going on guys today we're back
in today I'm wearing a hoodie I've never
worn different styles yeah guys this
morning we are heading out and I'm gonna
try to go get a new GoPro sticky pod
again because the first one sucked
you can't even adjust it Dillon Hawk is
coming over today you guys don't know
him from the vlogs he was in a lot of
them from California he's a really cool
guy so I flew him out and I maybe wanted
to go by my old high school today for
the vlog in this car of course but I
need another GoPro thing that actually
works
so I can get some reactions maybe I
won't go today just a pendulums kind of
a savage so if I'm gonna go I might go
with him
sir
well I got something hopefully I can
make this work kind of wish and I had a
Tesla right now so I could drive my car
to me
so I had this horrible GoPro sticky
mouth you couldn't adjust it at all but
I just bought this it came with this old
clamp I'm not gonna use that but now I
have basically a Gorillapod leg on the
sticky thing connected to the GoPro I'll
probably do going to my old school like
another day not today because well guess
what school got out an hour ago leave a
like if you like tech wins here plus
it's all wet outside my GoPro probably
wouldn't even stick to my car so I'll
deal with that another time for now we
could use this for something else we
could use it to stir something see all
those clothes right there right yeah I'm
wearing the same tank top as yesterday
ask me if I care a little bit did
everything fit okay no could you hear me
coming up yo yo yeah yes I'm in Kansas
yeah this is welcome to our rainy it's
boring it's stupid mistake
I should have smelled this lady next to
me on the flame every single person
looks the exact that gets on these
flights from like Texas to Kansas or
Colorado to Kansas
they all have genes they all have like
everything yeah I get to go to the
tunnel
okay I know it's gonna be tempting while
you're here but the truck is off-limits
you guys watch the California vlogs he's
already met my dogs he's already
experienced Luna I just went straight to
the basement he's gonna have to find his
way to my room all on his own you find
it it looks like a closet door damn it
that's why it's my secret lair mini
boobs a picture thing that was Ben yep
you can keep it here's my bent friends
so I think Quinton and xviii Steven and
I might be doing some haunted
hide-and-seek tonight in the abandon
grain elevator because yeah he came okay
I think since maybe it's October and
everything's like scary or Halloween and
stuff maybe it'll be more spooky and
also the last time I did that haunted
video there it got some views so maybe
people care if I do haunted type videos
cuz I know yeah they usually know if
Quentin's haunted the fucking FBI comes
if you're haunted everybody cares - but
if I get killed by it goes though it
cares hopefully I have some charge to
flashlights let me check boys we might
be buying some new flashlights now we
have this kid in my shower make it fun
of me so bad it's bad do I take a shower
every day I'm literally as tall as this
but you gotta lay over it stepping out
see how curved it is - stepping out when
you're wet you're getting scary sure
you're going through the ring light
we're taking these with us you know to
add some scary effect and for a better
thumbnail with masks and we'll pick you
up one at Walmart if they have any like
maybe like a princess helmet
this gets scarier every time it's not
pitch black yet guys just look at this
this looks like everything I would avoid
if I didn't do YouTube should we show
them your mask Dylan yeah we should show
him on that my car looks like Anne has
no color right now that's so weird
there's a point oh no it looks rose gold
on camera why is it look so bright in
this camera oh my god are you ready to
go with the grandma mask I can bake you
guys cookies is anybody home just to
make sure we're gonna play hide and seek
and we had to buy three brand-new of
these super ham flashlights like look at
how bright do you hear the coyote in the
back I just heard some coyotes coyotes
how you guys calm yeah coyotes coyotes
combo well guys it's dark now who's
gonna be it first let's play rock paper
scissors just get a flashlight on this
whatever you blink it looks like the
eyes are your mask oh my god it listens
as you guys know my windows are super
tinted so the person who's seeking has
to be in my car hi guys I'm counting
look you can't even see how I'm
personally trying to see out you can't
even see I'm gonna save her this
flashlight and I'm gonna turn on my
phone flashlight okay so I'm gonna lob
into the building real quick I don't
wanna put my load on because in
Tennessee actually he knows I'm in the
building y'all actually tripping out on
trip in bro would why would someone
build a place like this what look what
what is that one two three there's a bug
in here oh god it's in my shirt hold on
then I'm not cheating there's a boat
okay so I'm gonna hide in here Dillon is
in there I took an Instagram picture
back here if somebody was living in wood
they scare us or wood we scared them
what are we even going to I don't know
this place honestly looks like somewhere
that phase rug would play the Ouija
board God knows I'm not going up there
okay so I think I'm so the doorway way
is right here I'm literally gonna sit
right here in Neil because there's a
window
the maintainer walks in I have this
grandma mask and I'm just gonna
hopefully make him poop his pants or
something like that it's been two and a
half minutes let's do it ready or
Freddie here I come to find ya no way I
just sort of mean bad guys I'm trying to
look for him right now oh my god what
the I just heard a screech top of their
lungs what the there's absolutely no way
that they're gonna stay in that building
I just know it yo yo yo I'm seeing light
that's not from us as well
maybe a cars driving down here oh my god
guys no way I was wondering what that
light was from guys they're still in the
building
oh my god that scared the crap out of me
I was filming that holy cow oh my god
that scared me so bad
oh yeah we've come here like ten times
I've never seen a train go by ever I
didn't even know they went by here I
literally thought this was unused guys
let's get this over with
holy crap I can just whenever I heard
that bat screech like I could just
imagine a witch with their nails out
just crawling out of the top window of
that okay hopefully you guys can see me
I can't see anything I can't keep this
flashlight on my face I'm wearing the
mask I'm checking the big part first I
have a feeling but it's so hard to see
oh my god I'm so scared though I'm
getting such bad vibes around here like
I'm not even kidding this mask is making
everything I say echo in my ear and it
hurts every time you blink with that
mask on it looks like a real old lady
you're the witch that was up there
waitin I'm so scared to go off on my own
Dylan pretty please we're we're in the
middle of no way there's a rat crawling
on the ground ran over here so it's
probably under that you want to be a
homie and go kick that real quick that's
funny oh that's a nice wasps nest yeah
oh my god that is literally huge
let's get your hand comparison to it
come on rat I'm getting glass in my
Crocs I'm not down for this so oh my god
yeah holy crab that is the scariest
mouth and another wasps nest way back
there and another right there what no
that's a person s if there's birds in
there
so since Dylan's tried to scare me he
gets to the count second he's it right
now we're only doing two rounds No
we're doing three I'm counting Tanner
counted the two and a half minutes he
said Oh Sam I'm gonna count to 69 all
right guys Tanner's point of view I am
making my way to the second building
there is a second building this
flashlight keeps dying on me but it's
over here someone please tell me why I
drove an hour to do this okay so right
now dylan is counting perfect the chair
okay so that means if someone tries to
kill me they only have one place they
can do it so so sketchy getting up here
and if this video gets let's say like
150 thousand likes we'll do a 24 hour
overnight challenge here I don't even
care in October where I feel like we're
gonna die oh god it smells so bad in
here there's a broken TV I swear this
stuff was not in here before oh my god
that was not here before whatever that
is no way no anyway I just heard
something you guys definitely heard that
no I don't know if it's everyday that
there's an RA just sitting in the middle
of an abandoned ghost town I'm gonna
pick you guys up back when I back when I
decide to go fine I'm making my way for
the big opening this is where I saw that
dead bird oh it's still there who would
have thought the dead bird didn't take
flight last time I just chilled by this
wall but I kind of want to go somewhere
else
I guess I'll make my way towards where I
heard the sound the roofs obviously not
working very well because it's falling
in and it's wet and muddy I'm trying to
avoid stepping in the poop oh there's
that ladder okay so freaking scared
right now guys I got to hurry up I'm
just gonna chill over there by that wall
like in that corner let's go and there's
a wasp right there that could sting me
and kill me let's step on it with a pink
rock okay guys baby mask activated and
in my corner here lights going on I'm
just now starting my journey to go look
for them so it's pretty easy to go find
Quentin
hi Quentin you messed up you made the
decision to walk this path as I am
facing this way
and I already found Quentin so he's just
chilling there well I go find tanner I
haven't even looked over here this is
one big long dirt road that's one big
road but I think there's people over
there this is another shaft of some sort
okay
Quentin you know we came up clean
Quentin came for moral support does
attractor you know I could actually
swoop that motor up do some dope stuff
with it alright people have parties here
okay well Tanner isn't oh did you hear
that I thought this could break at any
minute
I can aren't dumb enough to come in here
is he oh my god oh my god I can't
breathe in this mask I can't like do the
odorous so bad so bad I don't know why I
chose this spot like it's hard to
breathe it is so hard to breathe let's
actually show how thick that air is turn
off your light I don't know if you guys
can see it but that's all I can pop and
probably deadly toxins falling I'm out
of here but I already feel sick I feel
like throwing up I'm not kidding yep
okay I don't want to get killed by a
witch so I'm gonna find the lock button
I'll count to I think two and a half
minutes why they said one to two and a
half do you guys ever do that with your
siblings be like Oh in five minutes in
the bay okay one two three four five I'm
on the other side of the building I
don't I'm so scared I really don't know
what there is there's hella crickets
there's like a bunch of wood stacked
it's starting to rain a lot there's a
big crack right here that's honestly I'm
probably just gonna go stand right there
yeah that's definitely the moon I have a
rational fear of spiders like a real
fear of spiders
so the spiderweb touches me I'm gone I
don't see their flashlights going around
so there's some more no balls
this is Tanner's point of view I'm going
inside with the baby mask I don't even
care just whatever screw it right inside
here this was a no oh
my I'm just kidding guys that's a goof I
bought that at Walmart with Dillon's
mask that doesn't look real at all
anyway I was just trying to pull goof
but everything else that's been
happening is real and I'm being scared
but I'm gonna just crawl in here I'll
look at all the spiderwebs and stuff oh
I feel stuff on my arm I'm just chilling
next to my friend and this fire
extinguisher alright that is two minutes
grab you guys okay so Turner okay I'm
taking this off oh that cannot be what
he was talking about this flashlight
keeps going out oh my no oh no I forgot
Tanner bought that I'm just going to
poke the camera in there I'm definitely
not going in there okay I'm done dude
get me out of here
open other-- car take cripples
everybody's I'm gone okay so there's
nobody else inside cuz I know don't
wanna be far from Tanner cuz he's new
candidate he goes on being a haunted
grain elevator by himself so much gonna
keep walking on the building and hope
that he's by Tanner it's starting to
rain can you see that is he up on that
okay
Oh No your freaking shoes bro look at
that face alright we're done we're
pcenter thank God at least it's got over
semi quick because last time I did this
it took forever it's starting to rain
now guys
my baby face is getting wet you're going
in the back accordance car this time
it's so clean he's gonna get shook by
that sub oh yeah his head's gonna pull
off but we are gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it like I said starting to rain
we're gonna go home about an hour drive
home but yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video and hopefully you
like and transman if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one
let's get the hell out of here leave a
like if you enjoyed it what
you just maybe
