well it looks intact this time yeah no
bent corners
looks alright to me yeah look at it
shine look it looks so good in this
sliding whenever it's out of my dull
room I think it belongs in the entryway
like right next to whatever that is Luna
I hate you well we'll set this up in a
little bit for now so gonna didn't walk
all over it Thanks okay guys we have
some mint dog mouth spray because Luna
dragged in remains of a rabbit this
morning I had to go pick up rabbit guts
off my mom's floor my sister wouldn't do
it and then I looked in the trash can
where I put it there was rabbit feet in
there did you put that in there mom put
him in there
that's gross okay listen I saw her
outside with it and then I shut her
outside of the backyard in the house
because she still had it the tailor let
her in cuz she thought it was a toy I'm
like Taylor
there are rabbit feed our trash can
Boone come here let's go track her down
we're gonna spray her because track her
down he's right there we're gonna go
find Luna she's right there we're gonna
spray her with mint odour eliminated
freshening spray basically like dog
mouthwash because she tried to lick me
in almost puke come here hey open up
what's it what's that open up one more
time roses like what the hell is that
Shane open her mouth let's smell her
breath is it minty fresh shot the
slipper let's smell your breath oh come
here
breeze in my face huh yeah pretty men
see in their mouths she's Luna she's
rabbit she'll be fine well the dog in
this picture has its tongue out what was
I supposed to do take that out of the
vlog Tanner leave it in I don't care I
don't know if I even said it but what is
going on guys today we're back in today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day this will probably not get done
today once we leave something alone for
an hour
she's not gonna happen fresh breath boom
yes mouth okay well you can do it
it looks like so like that looks worse
for them than what I sprayed in their
mouth
there you go how does it smell good it
smells pretty good
basically the neighbors are loaning us
an egg okay cool yeah my mom's cooking
dinner at home tonight she needed an egg
so she already went to their front doors
like can I borrow an egg you're still
weird hey my mom retrieved an egg from
our nice neighbor we're having some
chicken do you like my sock choice mom I
could not find any of my socks oh yeah
you did give me some I don't know where
they are huh what the hell where is that
two hours ago yo look at my license
plate right now it looks like normal
maybe a cop wouldn't pull me over it
look like that all the time all right
there we go yesterday's video I
mentioned this for like a split second
driving my car here kind of sucks a lot
it's just awkward because there's no
other one like it and I'm just looking
around and everyone's like looking at me
like I'm looking a wizard Paris had my
channel bear and my truck won't start
let me prove it to you grab the keys
keys are in and nothing absolutely
nothing
I guess the battery's dead no message
pops off so I had no choice but to take
this car to go drive through and get
myself some lunch it's just weird
I don't like it we just got back from
California and now I'm complaining about
Kansas there's no place for Tanner on
this earth I think ANZUS is the last
place for this car to be honest hey what
I'll balloon as long as like look at
this this is footage from earlier today
it's all dirty I'm driving around maybe
when I'm 18 I'll move to a youtuber
house or something and then I couldn't
fit in with the cool kids
oh I think Rose found the rabbit there
she goes
the trash can smells so bad should I
open it and show you guys the rabbit
feet no I'm not gonna do that it's gross
Oh what the hell who's here yo I think
someone's breaking into my house down
here
gotcha good prank your good prank good
prank oh she's spanked me
alright we are rolling real quick we're
going to Paris's mom's house I gotta
take a cute Instagram feature with a car
my tattoo because you guys probably all
knew I was gonna do that haven't done it
yet and then I want to do like an
updated Surya segment which is her baby
sister because she's so cute but she's
getting a little bit bigger so and we're
about to go through the tunnel
she's asleep now I'm still filming the
sleeping baby oh my gosh there she is
she's sleeping she she just bumped her
head up hi Surya hi doc you up I'm so
sorry
she's still bald how you doing
for the record I didn't wake her up but
I did yeah I'll trade you camera for
baby she's grabbing on in my neck either
she likes me or she wants to kill me
want to title this video that was quick
hey do not crush hey I wanted to trick
people into thinking I had a kid quit
sorry look thumbnail so yeah hey hey hey
baby hi damn it so I'm gonna talk over
her screaming for a second she can stand
up now basically on her own
I mean I'm holding her but she can stand
up oh there you go
maybe she saw my car out the window so
she was really happy do you your bottle
yeah I wiped it tears away well she's
trying to vlog bro what's up guys today
I'm a baby still I'm still bald that's
it thanks for watching tonight my fault
there you go now she's smiling what
changed your mind so fast I think it's
still clear
I shouldn't have a kid and I just should
not with my ex-girlfriend not with my
boyfriend no one no you can't because
babies still cry when they're around I
wish I could take you for a ride in my
car because I know you're not like
whenever you're older you're getting a
ride in my car yes you are and let's do
some situps one two yeah that's right
get them little abs in most babies don't
have abs but oh god guys I think she's
trying to say something are you trying
to talk
she's just trying to vlog bro yeah then
and look who else is back the world's
smartest dog I swear Molly
mom she looks like pal I swear she looks
like Alf whoa you ever seen off the
alien he's on that TV show
Molly look at me Molly alright look at
Molly and here's ow
speak speak speak and she's gonna be a
trampoline baby she loves it has a
spring up here and that goes down I hope
I had one of these as a kid because that
looks so fun goodbye baby
Surya goodbye Surya not fun so yeah
driving this at night is kind of a lot
better because I'm not a target to
anyone but I still get to experience
what I love about the car and I just
told me to go Froome and I know it's
just a lot better but we'll see you guys
at home well hello family
I rose I see that tail what's up girl
Luna is tired from eating rabbits I'm
tired from I don't even know you much
here but we are gonna go ahead and in
this vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed
it Rose you wanna help me with this
outro well I wonder what goes on in her
mind because she is a silent wise old I
don't even know one of you is coming to
sleep with me night I'm just saying yeah
please these they keep waking me up but
like 3 in the world I don't know but
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video and don't you leave like and
share their friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see ya in
the next one peace
now an exclusive for the after outro
squad mom something else happened in my
mom's room last night as you guys know
the rabbit got inside or whatever she
brought in a rabbit get rabbit guts all
over the floor in here I picked them up
I woke up to some snapchats or they're
in here and they're probably around here
this one brought in a bird and it was
like torn apart you know I know you're
out here making a fancy breakfast but
you're better at explaining than me all
that looks so good icing for me you
think you're just a lucky one that the
dogs bringing everything in here no not
really so I'm gonna sleep and I had left
the door open
for Linda to come in and out while
Taylor and I were watching TV Lena came
in I shut the door my sleep it stinks to
her so she's like she's shown her light
on it dead bird so she wakes me up okay
mom's gonna dead bird I'm like I ain't
freaking kidding me
it's midnight at this point I'm tired so
I go get paper towels pick the nasty
thing up it's still dark mind you I can
see it's blood red so I take it outside
and I hear something kind of plop
figured great what the hell is dripping
from this thing yeah well I come back
still dark in here using myself in life
yeah me too shine the light on it did
you see the video Taylor since yeah it
was like nothing but little maggots like
I was about to just pick him up with my
freaking paper towel oh no it's a whole
pile of them they were literally
burrowing in the carpet you see them
there they're dead no no they're little
dried up things yes so then I find him
they had dripped all the way outside
like as I carried the bird out there was
a pile of them here another pile of them
their mom slept up in the guest room and
she cut her carpet and this is after we
had rabbit guts on this floor yeah I
told me about that I'm getting new
carpet and grew up on a farm I handle a
lot but maggots and bitch no just I
literally
it's just it stinks in here it's gross
and I'm just mad I'm like I feel like
maybe I should've just not mess with it
but I was freaking out
relax this is the end of the vlog we're
trying to get in the 10-minute algorithm
answer then just to happen so I mean
we're ending on a positive note you can
do the outro perfect it's official guy's
dog for sale can leave your prices down
below
you just maybe
