well good morning beautiful oh my gosh
you look great today dududu your hair
what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day we are about to drive to
Best Buy because I need something to
hold my GoPro up I'm gonna have to like
put a sticky thing on the window get
like a suction thing I used to have one
but then this happened to it
great so I'm gonna run into Best Buy I
haven't left this car unattended yet
like at all haven't even ran into a gas
station or anything with this thing
alone but then as you guys see by the
title of this video we're gonna go get
Paris my ex-girlfriend who I'm perfectly
fine friends with if you missed the last
video of my ex-girlfriend and you guys
really seem to be loving the car videos
and if you guys love them then I'm gonna
keep making them if you guys enjoyed be
sure to drop likes I can see what you
guys like and don't like and I can make
different kinds of videos Luna I'm
trusting you to move out of the way
there we go
Thank You fun fact Luna is the only one
that hasn't written in my car that's a
part of the family I mean even Rose has
been in that front seat right there she
didn't like you very much
I'll talk to you guys more once I get
the suction thanks GoPro although I'm
quite skilled at vlogging and driving
it's not safe
yeah it's the trunk in the front I know
so called a front so I have to plug this
in right here I actually found a way to
charge my GoPro guys of course you can
be in the vlog hi how are you I only
have one cigarette lighter it's right
here with my stereo thingy so I guess I
will be using the front cigarette
lighter who knew I would ever be using
this see you guys later
I'm gonna try to set the GoPro somewhere
it's probably gonna end up on the glass
this is the view if I put it on the
window here and then this is the view if
I put it here like what the fresh blood
Paris is right there you probably can't
see her there she is
we got a horrible amount of GoPro we
have a girl like the cop said in
yesterday's video go out in the country
well we're kind of in the country so if
I get pulled over I'm gonna be like well
he told me to go out here do this
one-handed
okay we're gonna start on to the highway
right here and we're just gonna freakin
floor it I'm gonna put it on the floor
ready Freddy
and that is the legal speed limit in
which I am going to decline my speed
psycho bro still on there Wow
you know it's crazy though if you
downshift and then you do that it gets
way faster
it doesn't talk very much guys you
probably already knew this and I'm going
all right we're gonna head back to my
house I just needed a good thumbnail you
know and we're probably gonna have to
take an actual thumbnail when I can set
the camera right here and then you're
gonna be like whoa so there's one
overall bad thing about driving this in
Kansas being scared of driving it not
because it's a cool car and I'm scared
someone's gonna hit it or anything like
that
I'm scared that a cop is just gonna pull
me over for no reason just because they
can and they like to hear like I
literally have anxiety while I Drive it
and it really takes a lot of the fun out
of it which kind of sucks hopefully that
goes away I probably won't because I had
it last time I had my car here I can
just see it now like a couple pull me
over be like you were going like five
over go to a track if you want to do
that I'm gonna be like there's
absolutely no tracks here there's
literally none believe me I've looked
look what I came downstairs to oh god
these are the best cookies in the world
and I'm having some cereal for dinner Oh
Tanner that's why you're scrawny
shut up shut I'll have dinner later okay
but before I child down on the cereal
and these cookies I wanted to take a
minute and talk about something serious
in the blog usually don't talk about
anything serious you're like what's
going on in the world but you guys heard
what happened in Vegas with the shooting
and you know all the terrorist stuff
which is sadly pretty common in our
world today and this one really just hit
me hard because my family was in Vegas
like a week ago I wasn't there because I
took a flight home but they drove home
from California they went through there
my mom showed my brother and sister
everything there was to see they stayed
at a hotel for two nights and then when
I got on Twitter this morning and my mom
came down to my room and she and I were
talking about it's just kind of
ridiculous like you could just imagine
that being your family your friends any
of your loved ones like that and that
would just be like the hardest thing
ever to know that someone else took like
their life away and I don't want to sit
here and talk about it too much because
I don't know that much about it I try to
avoid even thinking about it in general
and I said this many times but I'd like
to keep my vlogs positive happy you come
to my channel whenever you're having a
bad day or you're stressed out or just
cuz you love me and you like to watch me
everyday and usually if I'm in a bad
mood I just set my camera down I don't
even think about it because I'm just I
can't film whenever I'm like that but I
just want to let you guys know that it's
okay to be sad it's okay to have to
worry about that stuff if you're a boy
and you feel sad cry because you can cry
just because your boy doesn't mean well
we're on a negative note I was surprised
the world didn't in September 23rd or
whatever it was because I mean here's
mankind's knowledge level over the past
you know a couple hundred years a couple
thousand years all right here and then
boom now I just feel like we're too
smart and the world's just kind of
turned into if we're being
sometimes you just have to go out buy
some cookies okay enough with the joke
but those are so good
turn on some Family Guy sit next to your
ex-girlfriend but I just want to talk
about that little bit and go spend time
with your family and your friends go
cuddle them in nice and hard maybe
dinner at the dinner table instead of
running down to your room cuz I know you
do that you said if I do it too but I'm
just saying
okay I'm gonna finish these cookies in
the cereal guys and then we're going
back to the vlog you want to come join
us
in a swim I know that's the point I'm
going right now when I bring my pizza
out and watch you swim fine you're
officially not gonna swim in this pool
the whole time it was open like the
whole time with Kirsten have you been in
the pool okay Tyler Taylor have you been
in our pool okay mom you're the only one
I hope it's not cold I kind of just told
you it was warm I don't really know I
guess you can go feel it and tell us
pretty warm
yeah I've thought about making that six
stories high for a video many times I
know you guys are probably wondering if
I'm ever gonna do it and the answer is
probably not because they're already
wiggles that would probably kill us I
don't want that to be the reason I died
hey I'd say before you get all the way
wet and like slippery you should
probably get out because you're gonna be
jumping yeah here come on no you can
jump up you can work your way up it's
easy listen we're not dating I can make
you do whatever yeah the waters warm you
jumped off the what second or third
maybe third she's jumping off the fourth
it's fun you'll you'll wish you would
have done if you did what mom you've
never jumped how would you know you
don't know that you didn't jump off the
fourth it's pretty comfy up there here
if I can climb with the camera you can
climb up with that one Oh mom do you
think this thing will fall over winter
and we should take it down as what she
said hey slow down buddy I know she's
been up to the fourth platform before
but she's never jumped off she's got up
here and then went back down are you
gonna jump off the third one first or no
are you scared jump off the third one
link him up here it's only four more
feet like five or six more feet
jumpin in sea land on me because that
almost happened with couldn't until here
all the way in like way away from you
all you have to do is step off the Oh
pinkie promise you're gonna jump when I
jump tell me when you're ready I'm a
professional person give us a one two
three go we're going on go
we can't believe we're gonna for one
we're not dating and two if we jump when
we hold hands
someone's gonna break their shoulder one
two oh my god can I like stop guys she's
shaking the whole platform why so scared
we gotta get going with this plug ready
1 2 3 go
you jerk I don't know this plant for you
why this tastes like a hotel pool now
mom to give you a countdown chase pinch
hit everyone yeah let me high-five oh I
don't think Luna injured me like look
it's already getting red you jerk this
no no we're gonna do a pool edit Tristan
right now yeah well I'm going inside
look at you
but yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and
in this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget like and share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe for new
and I'll see you guys in the next one it
ain't my fault
you came in looking like that you just
made
