we're given the neighbors a hard time
getting up
hmm which lanyard do I want to choose
today I think this one what is going my
guys today we are back and today I hope
you guys are all having a great day as
you guys saw my car is back in Kansas
you'd shout out to the truck company for
getting my car home safe their name is
Seema logistics if you guys ever want to
move your car across the country and you
wanted to get there safe then I highly
recommend using them but today I'm gonna
take it around and I'm probably gonna
get pulled over I'm probably gonna title
this video trying to get pulled over my
RA or ticket challenge something like
that good morning you need to tell
people you're not mad at me because some
people are mad at me
I was mad at him that night yeah but he
felt really bad and he apologized he
actually cut out some of the apology so
it's all good yeah yeah cool well since
you've already written in my car I think
I'll go give Quinton a ride and maybe
Dylan oh no I'll go around but I bet I
get pulled over because my license plate
in the tank and the exhaust just don't
be speeding because I feel like if
you're nice and you're not speeding when
you do those things she wants me to not
speed in my RA after not driving it for
a week we'll see bye some of the things
I really want to do in this car today is
go through the big tunnel cuz it's gonna
be really loud but I'm gonna need
someone in here to film for me for that
I'm not gonna go by my old school
because I'll do that for another video
when I get pulled over I don't know what
I'm gonna record on I hate recording on
my phone but if I stick my camera right
here he's gonna not like that I'm going
to be using this g7x mark to to set
right here if a cop actually pulls me
over which I'm sure will happen my mom
thinks if I'm looking for a cop then I
won't find one but I definitely will
I love looking at people's faces at
stoplights guys it is so fun let's just
look at this guy's plus my windows are
tinted so it's not awkward if I film
them but let's do this guy's reaction I
think he's more worried about his
cigarette come on okay maybe he's not a
car guy yeah my camera's not really
picking up their faces because this one
sucks boss pretty funny okay now he's
sipping something what's up bro okay we
are getting into the town I used to live
in and there's always a ton of cops out
I've been pulled over like four or five
times here going the speed limit for no
reason so I'm just gonna record I'm
pretty sure we'll get pulled over here
if anywhere I just have that feeling you
know speed limits 30 and I'm going down
to exactly less than 30 bro no cops yet
just a lot of staring eyes maybe I'll be
able to pick one up before we get pulled
over and then that'd be cool because
then he can record you can't see me but
I can see you huh same to you oh she
doesn't give up guys maybe my mom was
right because I'm almost to Quinn's
house all the way through town been
driving for like 20 minutes haven't seen
one cop and I should probably title this
video trying to get pulled over while
doing nothing wrong challenge but nah is
going here oh thank you I guess I'll go
see what Dylan's doing he might be a
church too I should be a church all
right thanks hello where are you
I'm
he's on the way home from church
everybody's making me feel bad because I
miss Jordan hi I know and they look
different
we're just getting a little the road go
clean your freaking room I go get gas in
this up my room is the basement and then
we'll drive he's calling his mom trying
to convince her to let him come we just
cleaned his room in his basement his
bathroom and there was a cup of milk
that you could hold upside down it'd
been there that long and there was a
molding it was so gross
all right I'll like know when I come
back
I'm thinking that we're not finding any
columns because it's Sunday and maybe
the crime rates down on some day some
day some day I don't know if you've been
driving around for like an hour now
can't find out I was gonna go to the
tunnel have Dylan record and I'm gonna
go hi can I have a small blue raspberry
artic rush my cars too loud he can't
hear me have to pull around to the
window
windows down we're at the tunnel
everybody and I'm stuck by two people
tear disease and say thanks man oh my
god that's Dylan's brother Dylan it's
nice to see you nice thank you babe
Clay's gonna go for a ride too I'm
trying to give everybody a quick ride
for the
I'm blocked in what's up what's up just
stick around the police you're gonna
come ok yeah yeah I just did it for the
video for my friend okay I'm staying
here while the police come because I was
speeding up and down the street okay
maybe I didn't get pulled over for doing
nothing I sped in a neighborhood but
there's obviously nobody on the street
well just wait here outside of Dylan's
house and wait for the cops to come he
doesn't realize he helped me with my
thumbnail yeah that's actually exactly
what you want now the cops gonna pull up
like right there and I'm gonna get this
sweet shot I know he sees like the rose
gold like you person I know I know I
know that's what everybody says I wish
you guys could be here in first the
piece of video that my mom's in that
she's not yelling hi Dylan's mom but the
guy that called the cops is just chillin
over there I think he lives there oh
there they are so he's gonna tell him
his side of the story first well that's
not fair get over here and argue now he
has advantage guys switch into the big
camera for the better thumbnail perfect
ray yeah yeah yeah that's for my youtube
channel your YouTube channel yeah okay
why are you driving so fast in a
residential neighborhood I wasn't here
on that fast but I was just given its
place
yeah they've called the cops on me
before for not going over here says this
makes you doing between 90 there's no
way there's no way all of these people
watch me no way I was doing ID'd a video
I have it on my other camera but I
haven't did it selfie mode he's holding
like this holding like that yeah you're
not gonna be able to see how well I just
want to see the video okay well it'll be
online tomorrow alright okay you got
your ID on you
yep but yeah like I've said they've
called the cops on me before here okay
not in the store but even in my
Challenger okay you're gonna be doing
that stuff probably a residential
neighborhood wouldn't be the best place
to go out in the country
yes um we're not in town where there's
not a bunch of kids yeah I was just on a
schedule sauce showing real quick hello
all right I'll go saying dude I've seen
you got a hot car yeah loud whatever
yeah I won't be driving around here
anyone make sure you're doing it in this
car oh yeah being a younger kid people
are gonna call you in yeah like nobody's
business
we're doing it whether you're not don't
okay just be cool about it
I thanked other people yeah thank you I
understand want to show if you're ever
like said you're getting hot like that
okay all right thank you all right be
good man
all right thank you have a nice day he
did not say anything about the license
plate besides that it matched the car so
that means maybe I will get by with the
after all who knows but uh okay I'll
give you two a ride well it's gonna be
off-camera and we're gonna do it not
here so yeah yeah we can do it in the
country down a dirt road well yeah the
cop was really nice he started off kind
of bad but he was a really nice guy
there's no way I was going 90 miles an
hour though on that stretch because you
just that's not possible I mean maybe it
is but I wasn't doing it so yeah we'll
see you guys in a minute cool
we'll see you guys later
yep see ya there are two kinds of people
in this world I'm gonna see real quick
okay
you crazy guys stop backfire come on
where's grandparents and my cousin Owens
here - guys there's a new batch of
kittens oh my god who cooked you up that
that one did oh my gosh
and it's louder than last time you saw
it
Wow that is regenerative
I'm gonna go inside and I'm gonna get a
drink of water because my throat is
parched and then I think I'm gonna go
home okay guys there's another there's
that guy he's the cop you just gonna
keep going heck yeah
sweetheart I'll be starting around and
yeah I was gonna record that person
because their license plate says I video
I was gonna be like hey I do too
tired you know I'm probably gonna get
pulled over so I was gonna pull off to
the side here means recording
I'll probably just report on this this
one yep he's behind me pull me over
alright guys at this part in the video
we got pulled over again for my license
plate and the cop was just curious you
know he was pretty nice we'd had an
encounter with him before and he didn't
like being on video so I did not put him
in the video at all didn't put his voice
in or even blur out his face I just
decided to leave him out completely
because I do live in a small town I
don't want to keep having problems with
these guys so I'm gonna respect whatever
they want to do but basically he pulled
me over and he was just telling me that
I can't have the rap on it and I just
told him I tried to talk to someone of a
higher power get it figured out maybe I
can get like a pass I don't know but I'm
just gonna continue with the rest video
enjoy
so that guy's pulled me over before
apparently and I guess I'll make my way
out of here
but basically he was just telling me you
can have any material or paint on your
license plate which I figured that was
like the original thing I was going to
be pulled over for in this video here so
I was like yeah I understand but is
there like anyone higher up I can talk
to about it because obviously the
reflective material on the car is to
know that it's not like someone else's
car and that it's not a stolen car cuz
something somebody would paint over it
to hide it you know like a fake license
plate he's like I don't know I know is
that the laws just you can't have it it
was like okay I'll just try to talk to
somebody about it because it's just such
an ugly yellow you know I just don't
want that and I was like for the fans
and it's just that he's like is that
your car I was like yes yeah did things
like damn that's cool
so he's been not really nice and my mom
told me that Highway Patrol people like
that that was a state trooper they'll
pull me over for license fights like
that more than city cops because they
actually know
I don't understand he's like I just had
to get a closer look
of it to make sure it was real I was
like well why would it be fake you know
what's the point of me having a fake
license plate I know if I talk someone
there's gonna be like you're not above
the law I'm gonna be like okay well like
I just don't want an ugly ice in spite
that's it I'm like you know I have like
if it says clickbait it's mine you know
we'll see I guess I'm gonna take one
home go back to my house every single
person so you people are taking pictures
no one will take pictures if it's yellow
since play am i right well what a day
guys I think that was for cop encounters
basically too but there's three at one
of them so but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and thank you guys so much
for watching we're gonna go ahead and
end it here oh I'm not in the video yet
because my brother just got a package I
have something yes he does I guess it's
alright if I do a gaming channel guys
I'd get one of these let's get a review
I was expecting it to be gold for 1 mil
that's still cool oh my god my name
right then again if they didn't know if
you mind yeah they smelled mine Edgar
makes steel or something you guys so
much watching this video and don't you
leave like enjoy the friends for you
enjoyed subscribe for now see you guys
next time
cool
you just maybe
