very very quickly before we get into
this video guys I have a box here full
of merch and I haven't talked about this
yet but we have a new thing going on
called the shirt of the month
I'm keeping the other stuff a secret for
now basically every month there's gonna
be a brand new shirt one of a kind it's
gonna be like a surprise because you
guys won't know what it is but but
here's this month's real quick send a
there's me doing a backflow but you can
tell it's me because the the tattoo but
like these are just so sick and it has a
signature so you guys can subscribe for
the monthly stuff on tea broker calm
just send it and if you want this shirt
you have to subscribe within the next 24
hours as it's the end of the month and I
kind of put off this video I'm sorry but
if you hurry you can still sign up and
get this shirt and then you get next
month and next month and next month so
yeah continue with the video tea burger
calm what the hell what what what why is
there a chair what why is there a
headset with an Xbox controller and why
is my camera zoomed in on my face well
I'll tell you why it's because today
we're playing xbox yeah I'm talking to
nobody right now what is going on guys
today we're back in today I hope you
guys are all having a great day first
things first you guys already know that
YouTube has been like having some
problems basically every youtuber is
getting like half the views they were
three forced the views or something like
that even Roman Atwoods been affected by
it and what's happening is kids are
going back to school in September and
January like the worst months for
youtubers school ruins everything so I
was like screw it I'm gonna snapchat and
I'm gonna say 10,000 screenshots and
I'll make a call Duty video because
frankly if I'm gonna take a risk with
the video go outside of my comfort zone
of vlogging see what you guys think of a
different kind of video which I'm not
quitting vlogging by the way like by any
means then I might as well do it while
YouTube's like this I think I know how
to do this here's me on black ops 2 I
used to be quite the gamer back in the
day here's the tweet I tweeted out
yesterday I believe I found my comment
from four years ago on this YouTube
video of a cold duty trickshot montage
and I found my comment from two years
ago and then I could and then I
commented on it because I'm still a co
duty player at heart Quinton was
supposed to play with me but I think
he's eating and I yeah
by the way I tried to get the lights in
my room all pretty one of them won't
turn on I don't know why just know I
spent 30 minutes on it
hello hello how are you doing cutie all
right you guys might have to watch out
because I'm filming a video right now
and I'm gonna get a swag e for 20
goddamnit I saw hey there's one oh whoa
whoa whoa whoa
we just hit me oh I hit him come on come
back there you go so awkward to talk in
the lobby and then talk to a camera
because then if I cuff you're gonna know
about it and they won't I said a potty
word okay you guys get to hear those two
I always get a joint fancies lobby's Oh
somebody hit no way somebody is probably
aim by well yeah hopefully some of you
guys enjoy this no way he actually hit
he actually hit yeah I see that mm um
again I'm also using this video as an
excuse to just talk to you guys like
face to face with a game play like right
there my r8 actually comes in Sunday so
basically what the day after you guys
are watching this video my r8 comes in
it was supposed to coming in like a week
parently it's getting here early huge
shout out to the shipping company I'm
gonna film it coming off the truck and
everything like I said ton of video
ideas with that but I like a muffin yes
please say hi to the Call of Duty gamers
oh my god it is hot mom it's too hot all
freaky oh let's go troll with him oh god
he's alive he's alive ah okay he was
hacking while he was not playing oh god
that's hard another thing is my mom came
down to my room yesterday and she was
like want to go back to LA I was like
confused for a second there's probably
gonna be some sort of Clive happening
with someone pretty big he's not really
he's definitely not a youtuber your hint
is that he's bald and he wants to meet
me and I really want to meet him so so
when probably like two weeks we're gonna
be going right back to LA bro I can't
believe my muffins this hot oh I see
something on my screen did I get hacked
or no Quinton I'm really bored on Xbox
can you play with me fine was your
bedtime 9:00 still what okay his brother
was on line so that means I can't play
with anybody and this guy a lot life's
fun I'm sorry guys I'm having to put
down the controller right now I can't do
it I can't be a Call of Duty youtuber in
case you wanted to see some sick call
dirty trick
shots here are some I did back when I
was in my gaming prime mom she's not
here she's in a room nice shirt Thanks
what are you doing huh shilin come down
below yes you should will you remind me
police okay well guess what I'm not
meant to be a gamer I just it's a lot of
work you know it's hard to talk and then
talk to the kids in the lobby and talk
what you're talking about then if you
suck then people know you suck it's
something so what do I want to do
instead it's already nine o'clock we'll
see I'm a two Buer I'll think of
something you have AG relaxing evening
no three weeks and sounds like me okay
guys I'm sneaking upstairs real quick
into Tristan's room I'm gonna set up
this camera and I'm gonna scare there's
dad of him with that mask back
you up little bastard where's the camera
right there I hate you why the hell did
you come up here and shave first thing I
didn't shave okay like I have these
little like whispies in the front of my
hair they're too long so I cut them in
like oh my god I'm gonna scare Taylor
and mom too I can't be a freakin call
duty gamer I have to scare people
bye bye dude did I get you
yeah if only you would have scream like
a little girl like you used to
I can't scream that high anymore yeah
dude I just went outside I was like can
I use your car for a vlog and I had him
like started up and I was like wait I
forgot something aside ran up here said
the camera got in the mask then he came
upstairs and then I hid here and he went
and shaved for some reason that I
screamed in wind Allah I didn't shave
okay like trim my knees little baby
hairs in the front okay well um how do I
get Taylor and her friends just I put
behind them and scream yeah but really
I'm gonna keep using this baby mask the
thumbnail it's gonna be mom when she's
sleeping showed you know she'll kill you
I know no no it was so funny she already
told me her own I got that she's like if
you ever and then she's like I'm not
even gonna finish that thought I'm not
gonna give you the ideas just look at it
you're awful she'll hate you forever
I've done nice things for mom so she can
be a star on my youtube channel
he gets the most scared like whenever
she's asleep in him wakes up sometimes
whenever my mom's asleep we like walk
into a room to ask where medicine is or
something like that she get like freaks
out yeah she freaks out she's like oh
she like screams cuz she thinks for like
demons or something I don't know what
goes on inside my mom's head but I know
if I'm wearing this by her bed she'll
kill you yeah literally pop a cap in
your ass we're gonna make it happen in a
little bit sorry 9 o'clock she should go
to bed soon I'm just gonna wait it out
make sure she's asleep and then we'll do
it and then Shia scared Taylor and her
friends heard it right now okay I'm
gonna go to the other door like she's
downstairs by the other door and I'm
gonna set my alarm off on my phone she
hates that noise she'll probably think
someone left her phone outside I don't
know I'm gonna go set my phone by the
door whenever she comes out to hit
snooze or whatever I'm gonna jump out as
a baby
2,000 years later we're gonna try it the
hard way
oh my god you're not pulling off a long
huh you know here here what you were
gonna get bamboozled but you never came
outside is that thing soundproof what oh
my god whatever I give up it is now
midnight why are you guys still the
kitchen we went to mom's room for a long
time
is she wait Lina probably no I still
smell like that deodorant area -
whatever she says my deodorant smells
bad
no it's different this time it doesn't
smell like cleaning supplies and yeah
wish me luck to you in the afterlife the
freakin dogs aren't crazy good Thank You
Rosen a few punches this is not the end
please do not the title has already been
made gone wrong might be in the title
but it'll still happen good night mom
so guys the dog just came running up to
me when I went in a room I didn't know
as she was sleeping in there with the
dogs so now I'm just too tired to
freaking think see I purposely left a
crack in her door so it'll be easy to
open I'm gonna have to find a way to get
light to the camera my mom basically
just showed her how mad she's gonna get
two hours later
dammit
Tanner stop see it's what it's for the
video here I told you not let me sleep
in here tonight
Luna sleeping in here when you like yeah
yeah yeah that was the worst prank I
pulled I don't like I hate oh hey
Halloween I hate scary stuff well this
was everything along
yeah those tears are blue I think
YouTube rural new rule do not mess with
mom when she's sleeping cuz she about
killed me kicked me through the glass
all right well shut off your lights want
me to stand low down here Luna but yeah
guys we're gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it thank you guys so much for watching
don't really like enjoyed the parents
view enjoyed subscribe if you're new in
us again actually this was not like one
of my normal vlogs by the way so if this
is the first time you seen one for one
subscribe to stay tuned goodnight
you just maybe
