oh my god guys look how cute oh my god I
missed you so much go back to bed we
cuddled all night long good night Luna
you sleep really weird go back to bed I
just woke you both Luna come back let's
go on a scenic walk from my intro okay I
guess she's doing her own thing what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys all have a great day if
you guys happen to be new here my name
is Tanner Brown Gardner as people
pronounce it if you have not subscribed
yet hit that subscribe button it looks
like this today I'm about to head out to
Party City or some Halloween type store
and I'm gonna get a clown mask because
if there's one thing Paris hates its
clown today I'm gonna be scaring
surprising something my ex-girlfriend
I'm putting X in the title because I
guess we're technically X but we're
still really good friends we've hung out
I'll explain all that later but yeah she
hates clowns she's about to get out of
school I'm gonna go wait in a room up on
the little thing and it's so nice to be
back in this backyard haven't jumped off
that or swim yeah I'm pretty sure the
pool is still open for like maybe
another week and my car should be
getting back in about a week not this
car my good car so be expecting some
videos with that I already have some
ideas a Bruin know this car is pathetic
it's so quiet like Luna just sits there
if I start my race she runs away by Luna
goodbye so tempting never got some good
masks gotta stick with the clown I think
I might have to get this too though
here's the same haircut as me I really
love this baby one though I've seen this
one a fine somewhere I think it on there
oh my gosh I don't know if we're gonna
make it in time I gotta put down this
camera right now and that's how you know
it's becoming fall there's a truck full
of pumpkins
I just realized I'm gonna have to park
really far away so that she doesn't see
my car when she pulls up fun ok I am in
the middle of nowhere now this is a
second house that Harris's family was
building and then I guess they just
stopped building it but I mean it looks
pretty cool there's a bunch of sand over
there we call that the beach there was
supposed to be a pool back there and
it's actually really big it was gonna be
two storeys - just imagine that'd be
really cool now I gotta walk all the way
up and around to her house what you
can't even see is that far away it's 3
o'clock now she should be home in about
20 minutes
there's a school chair what ok guys just
got to our house is so freaking hot out
here I'm so tired
that was a longer run than I thought her
dad's here now if I should get him in on
it or not I have the mask I'm just gonna
sneak through her window well there's
one of them hi Coby ok guys we're in hi
Bailey
hi it's parris she's gonna shower but
I'm gonna wait in a room and I must
stare
I thought amass cuz she hates clowns I
was kind of waiting to see that yeah i
guess i'll do this shit that's her
sister
oh you know I brought the better match
you want to see that one no it's in my
car actually that's a long ways away you
can keep that one okay and I hate my
hair after I just sit up there for 20
minutes please
please leave a like it is so
uncomfortable up there just look at my
hair Lee I'm sweating I hardly ever
sweat I can't believe she was in the
shower when I walked in her window I
thought she'd be on her way home from
school it was like 10:00 after
apparently she drove home with the
Batmobile fell we got her that's all
that matters hey hurry up
are you not naked why don't you have any
tripods in your room I'm sick of sitting
around here I'm just gonna hold it so I
wanted to come over and I wanted to talk
to you and to them I see 69 comments a
video saying are you guys dating are you
ever gonna hang out again what's the
freaking hat what are the hats and
that's it because we're basically I like
to think of us as Ross and Rachel awful
friends you know you know can you get
off your phone for 0.69 seconds this is
why we can't be together I mean we're
kind of good friends like I'm laying eye
on you right now we're good enough
friends to where I can sneak in her
window anytime I want but we're not
getting enough friends to do this
did that confuse you as a fake kiss
we're not dating
yeah it's confusing but I still like you
so I want to put you in my videos hi
I don't know hopefully you guys still
like the videos with us I mean I had fun
scaring you mm-hmm it'd be cool if you
could talk in the videos yeah we're
leaving now she's coming over my house
so bye dog oh this dog goes leaving
tomorrow all the other ones have been
sold as little puppies I showed you guys
they're all being sold these are the
only two left
hi Bailey I want a German Shepherd still
can I double the price and take that one
they want to come in on this episode of
wild animals at Paris's house
we have turtle your dogs might eat this
I don't know if I want to bring it close
you're cute too
oh my god his eyes are red okay bye dog
OHS oh there's so many dogs I want that
many dogs well I was just gonna play
some Xbox but apparently um Luna is
nowhere to be found right now I was out
here and she was out here she was
running around you know back there by
the tree there's rose Rose come on let's
find Luna so she was definitely in the
backyard this gate was closed my mom
just opened it um maybe her electric
collar is not working I don't even know
how she get out she's too big do you
think that people that mo opened it yeah
they were here today because I saw the
trampolines moved yeah there's a gate
open way down there good girl Rose good
girl yeah the trampolines were right
there as you can tell by the marks in
the yard now they're over here so yeah
they're shot colors are not working
guys I'm not like that worried because
any time they've left they've come back
but uh last time I saw her was like an
hour ago we've been looking for like 10
minutes Lunas not the smarter dog of the
two so that's why we're worried I don't
like to chew on plungers and I see one
up there we could take it with us as a
decoy so I'm good news there's a sick
plaque from fan mail back here I look on
the left and search for things Luna
likes to chew on
look for socks there's a highway up here
by our house I don't think she'd go that
far
I don't think she made it to the highway
every time this she's been gone our
neighbors across the street usually like
bring her back to us or something
because our dogs like to play but my mom
was gonna go inside and charge your
phone and get on her computer and try
and find Lin it that way well we go look
in this field I don't have shoes on
where's my Crocs when I need up I'm
pretty sure it was trampoline versus
YouTube play button never Rose went back
in here it was right through this path
because Quentin got her Luna pairs and I
are gonna go look at my car and
Tristan's gonna go look separately I'm
gonna hold off on tweeting about it
because I don't want to like freak
people out and make people look like
scared guys we've been looking all over
now like that leads into our backyard
through there this is like one of the
neighborhoods that connect to our
backyard and I was like making jokes and
stuff to try to keep the mood lighting
and stuff but like I'm starting other
like have a panic attack and stuff I
don't even know where else to look like
I'm better off just going home and
waiting there because I don't want to
keep searching I don't even feel like
driving right now I hear like I'm
starting to have one of those so I'm
just gonna go back home and wait and
hopefully we find out that way because
I'm not gonna keep driving around I
can't keep driving around I reported her
lost online and I'm gonna ask them how
this works your call is very important
to us it'll be answered in the order it
was received thank you somebody found
her really that's all I was this where
so someone says that they found our Luna
we'll see awesome thank you so much
we've been looking for for the past 30
45 minutes our landscaper left the gate
open and her shot-caller battery was
dead so yes where are you guys at
okay that would be so nice thank you so
much all right thanks Mike you find me I
found her and took her to the Animal
Shelter they scanned her pet link and
then they're telling her where we live
in bringing him back
thank God Suellen scream or what he was
stressing out like literally gonna freak
out mode over it so okay okay yeah she
she never leaves like right here but we
just went to California and took the
dogs with us for the first time ever so
I think now she's got this sense of
adventure and I didn't know her
cellphone working the battery must be
dead so I'm her her to be out is no big
deal and so we're like alright she likes
them more whatever well guys I'm gonna
go ahead and then this fog here because
I've had quite the day and I really just
don't feel like filming anymore if you
guys can understand that I'm gonna be
fine by the time this videos up so don't
worry about me I'm gonna be fine but
yeah I think you guys some force in this
video and don't forget to leave I can
show the friends for you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys on next one here's a blanket
you just maybe
