what do we do when we wake up we sign on
to black ops 2 and my rank my ranks gone
I back to level 1 first prestige I don't
know what happened only that but then
right here it says prestige master what
the heck and that's not my Instagram
anymore people keep getting into my Cali
it's not even mine anymore we sign in
and like I have new classes someone
changed my emblem to their stuff I was
like bro I don't want to have to make a
new Xbox account and then leave it
private that would be boring I want to
play with you guys I want you guys know
when I'm online so I can interact but
please just let me you know be in a my
own account and leave my emblem as
Patrick Starr if I please go show him
the Patrick star emblem haha there he is
I made that when I was in seventh grade
nice pants by the way loser uh what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day hey it stopped raining that's a
first today I'm wearing some orange and
wearing some Halloween fall type
clothing because I love fall and I won't
fall to come by me wearing the shirt
means fall will come faster death my bed
still moved over there I might move it
back is it looks awkward it really does
there's just an opening right there like
why I can see you play call duty in the
painting is so bad bro it's not even a
painting should we find my oh god oh and
make a call daddy video what's going on
guys today thought I'd make a quick
video it's gonna be a call of duty black
ops 3 video or should we do a who is
most likely to challenge I was thinking
about that in the shower who's most
likely to like we all it'd be me you and
Dylan and we have little cards and we
say who's most likely to eat and then I
raised mine up I do have my screen
recording tool for Xbox though it's
right there do you want to go grab some
to eat boo-boo one grab some boo-boo to
eat my family gets home around 9 o'clock
tonight so you'll probably just see them
in tomorrow's vlog but today I might do
that challenge might do something else
I'll figure that out after we go eat so
I'll see you guys in right now oh we're
back and oh hey someone else has a
Patrick gimbal and Tanner burger is dad
hey Thank You Man I am NOT a dad yet I'm
working on it Tanner burger I gave you
master oh hey thanks I'm not even a call
duty youtuber what are you doing
just about to say dealings a little late
who's surprised I text him don't be
later we're gonna do he's still late and
I'm so happy I finally have a cute
backpack just to look at the difference
that was just cooler cuz as a signature
T Bronco comm we're pranking Dylan
because he's late we have invisible ink
fake
oh my god it's okay now you're paying
for that bro
wait that's the real one but is the
really let's hurry enough oh we're
rolling actually we're standing okay we
decided we're doing the challenge Dylan
they finally showed up think it's hot I
changed my shirt think you need to get
less Hobbit it's still hot near ready to
turn off the fan so it's not first
question who's most likely to me none of
us has ever vape that's bad okay
quitting someone with a weed Sox who's
most likely to get arrested
what the hell you're definitely yeah
until it's a Muslim University he got
pulled over going 102 yeah Arisa no I
got pulled over going 90 plus who's most
likely to walk into a room and forget
why they were in there what Quentin
might be the one who is most likely to
die first in the zombie apocalypse yeah
I got some bad luck and probably just
dying hold up I'm gonna make sure this
camera doesn't look like AIDS was I in
it who's most likely to have a kid first
if you guys don't see me I'll be upset
Oh n-no no no Tanner all three was
accidental kid Dylan perfect a kid
because it's funny me Quentin because he
has his life planned out yeah I'm gonna
win the lottery it was most likely to
kiss a girl on the first date this is me
holding up all of us that's I was trying
to say no they have to be the first
who's the most likely to waste money on
a car I already did it so
so you did already did tell me it's like
implied that you would be low please
next okay I don't think you can waste
money on a car no you can't because it
goes places it's useful and it's fast it
was most likely to date a fan I don't
know I mean dependence Li would date a
machine you were weird who's most likely
to steal the other girl well I don't
have the ability to still grow some
weight we've all stolen girls yeah we
have yeah yes remember that hello here
girl that came over there who's more
likely to use someone else's toothbrush
that's disgusting that is nice how many
of us would I'm gonna say nobody why
would I is the most likely to throw up
on a roller coaster yeah I used to go
ham and I threw up one time and it
ruined it ever since I said not going on
because I was scared and one bad
experience and then I recently got back
into um you know I got work in an order
I can't who is most likely to quit
YouTube ah yeah you guys are quitters
hey it's only need three weeks
look there's those who crying and
there's those who whine I want to eat
the whole cake what did you say that in
a video long time ago or something no
think so okay who's most likely to sing
obnoxiously in the shower
Thunder needle Neil because every time
you take a shower you know you can
always tell cuts off pitch em who's most
likely to crash their car first huh it
can be all three of us I'm a horrible
driver
he drives fast and you have a nice car
which would be prone to late yeah um
well I make whenever I Drive alone and
sometimes it's Breanna to scare I like
drift
yeah I don't do that I'm just a bad
Drive I drift a lot but I haven't
crashed yet so I'm gonna go with Dylan
because he almost gotten a fender-bender
once or something right oh I was driving
somewhere and I went and it was on the
straight road no went up to her curved
Road and I for some reason I thought it
was one way and I was in the left lane
that was
I was going 65 and I see your taillights
I just went you know wasn't my mom's
Durango so it's like moving a semi high
that's not a fender bender that would've
killed you that would have it was
head-on going 65 who's the most likely
to get married first
yes yeah yeah I feel like I'd be sure
I'd be too scared I'm not getting
married till I find the perfect
Clemence yeah I'd have a kid now and
stuff guys for the YouTube channel of
course but what I'm scared of is like
being tied down to someone and then
living in that resentfulness this living
with the wrong I want to have a kid in
seven months so it's most likely to get
this tattoo by the way I love your
videos okay so it's already got one
who's most likely out of us to get the
next one so you said you couldn't say
you know like out of like you'd get one
next time saying it seemed gone and I've
never done it well I'm probably gonna
get one all definitely is another one
sooner than another because they're
addicting I just know that I regret it I
don't want to be an empty canvas I want
to be keen I only waited to get tattoos
if I became a rapper so just look at
that
yeah who's most likely to go boat first
I don't have any balls or anything so I
think I'm good by the time you go ball
there's probably to be something in the
world that's a minute you know you're
fine who's most likely to get their
braces again from their teeth shifting
me I wear my retainers alright i wear
mine for five minutes and i everything I
tried to wear him and I heard a little
bit so I took him out three week is most
likely not a virgin we can't answer the
questions man I found my name who's most
likely to end up in a crack shape who's
most likely to get cheated on for being
too trusting back to go at Dylan yeah
Dylan Dylan do you don't throw your
trusted people always hate everyone
who's likely to spend all of their day
watching YouTube yeah I could do it
world's ending and I know
I think I actually know Britain watches
a lot of rotating videos and I watch
like every youtuber so I don't know I
don't want them into the know who's most
likely to live at the wrong moment wait
what do you laugh at I don't know like
if you're in a funeral like it's awkward
most likely to get high you even admit
it then was the second one and then
there's the third one yeah I don't ever
smoke right because I'm just a good guy
I just wear how much sucks
I don't do we die don't knooow qahal I
only do man cocaine most likely to make
out with Quinn and Dylan and put it in
the video oh well guys the challenge is
over that's it that's a wrap and now I'm
going to sit here right here in this bot
until my family gets home and the dogs
get home and I can say hi literally
right at nine o'clock guys we're going
upstairs they're here right now I'm
excited because I want to cuddle with my
dogs I hate being home alone without my
dogs it's so lonely I like my family to
me tanner
hey mom lock your truck guys should go
straight for the living room she was
just sniffing her toys she's reliving
everything I think she missed no do not
jump off she was literally looking over
did you miss this place did you miss you
thought we weren't coming back she's so
quick I knew you weren't freaking lazy
old dog she's still young and
rambunctious you would go outside you
guys I go outside go potty go play Luna
and here's Luna I just went to my room
and grabbed my sock yeah you missed this
place yeah you did I know I rearranged
my room I don't really like it either
but I'm too lazy to put it back okay
guys we're gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and thank you guys so much for
watching
I'm I hang out with my dogs cuddle place
would call do to ya just enjoy the time
with my family and everybody to finally
back three days by myself sleeping here
not fun I think you guys so much for
watching this video and don't really
like injure the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe he knew and I'll see you guys
in the next one
you just maybe
