what is going on guys today we are back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day I need to get this off metal
in starting to vlog in this room because
I never do check out the kansas weather
yay it's rainy and sad and disgusting
and at least it's cooled off a bit I can
wear pants now I'm actually gonna have
to order a new pair of Crocs soon
because they're just getting back gross
but that's not what we're talking about
today today today's video is actually
centered around something that happened
yesterday as you guys know I flew home
from Los Angeles and I'm back home we
Kansas the police came to my door
because the security alarm went off or
something and then I went and surprised
my grandma I also went and surprised my
best friend Quinton you guys ever heard
of him probably not drove to his house I
got his mom and on it you guys will see
it so I'm going to enjoy this crappy
weather and here is what happened
yesterday we also went in and surprised
Dylan who cares about Dylan okay guys we
are pulling up to Quentin's house that
is his house right there and that is
just Jeep so that means he's home and I
see his mom so how do I have his mom's
number I might um let me turn around so
she doesn't see me we'll just stop right
here and some random person's driveway
okay call Quinton's mother oh I think I
have it
hi I'm sorry God dangit
why she didn't answer hopefully Quinton
didn't see the phone and see that I was
calling his mom how am I gonna pull this
off um I guess I was tried to go up to
her and be like hey Shh yep she's still
outside I'm probably gonna go like text
him or something and or tweet at him
like a fake tweet and say like someone's
messing with your car that keep like
tweeting and then I'm gonna like
surprise him cuz I think he thinks I'm
in California still okay laying low just
do whatever you do now his mom's in on
the Jew so apparently Quentin's alive
how funny would it be if I got his
reaction and me texting him oh god
that'd be so fun I think you'll park my
car somewhere guys I've been taking so
many zoomed-in pictures of my face for
snapchat so that he never saw me on the
plane or anything like that so we could
keep our streak it's been hard I've been
keeping this a secret for like two days
he's live right now he's in this kitchen
right now so I'm gonna go over I'm gonna
go to our text messages I'm gonna say
some kid keeps tweeting me this and says
to lock your car no that's not
believable what do I say to make this
believable I have pictures of his house
and his car
are you home I don't know if he'll be
able to text back since he's probably
streaming with his phone but we'll see
hope he read it yeah why I just got
these pictures tweeted at me from a fan
I said I just got these pictures tweeted
at me by a fan and I sent a picture of
that and that let's see what he says on
live stream or maybe there's something
at his house he needs me to get that's
more likely
are you know if that is okay we're
running up to his house
okay he said his mom's trying to help
ask me questions you answer your parents
question why they keep asking someone
tweeted these a tanner which is my house
and my car and I said I don't have an ad
name to send him I don't know what to
send him he's like he's like Oh tell you
later say like all right what could we
say to make him come out here in love
there are some kids that keep driving by
you should go outside or something like
that I don't know do you think you will
I'll tell you later
eggs are stubborn come outside okay I'm
gonna go for a second see ya
oh my god guys she literally walked
around the car
his mom's telling him to look inside of
it now you wouldn't come outside I was
watching the broadcast I didn't have an
activist and use those hard yeah do you
like it like the tweets towards me oh my
god do you like your my computer your
phone ah so you could look at that yeah
there's oh my god I came back earlier
yes home I was like he's probably my
house but I would have heard his car
yeah like how'd you get here I use my
challengers parked over there oh good so
I looked over and I saw it but there's
also some wherever that drives the
Challenger says like I just visiting
that house yeah I was gonna bring my car
my car stealing ships oh yeah you would
have heard the other one but it's
getting shipped in oh yeah I remember
that
so I go on the livestream you sure got
him this is Luna number two right here
yeah retard number one yeah you think
Dylan knows no I might go to Dylan's
house to go to deal if you'd be quiet
now called Dylan okay what are you doing
you're gonna work out at 4:00 okay I'm
gonna come by your house real quick and
like five minutes just to come hang out
okay see ya
Quinton Makana tape all right guys part
2 at Dylan's house so the plan is
Quentin is gonna go upstairs and be like
Dylan like just do something about food
like make me something just I'm gonna
talk to them I'm gonna go in the
backyard wait for him to come upstairs
and I'm gonna sneak downstairs into his
bed and then go down to his room all
Medina's bad okay ninja mode activated
Quentin's like I was fully ready to hit
someone whenever I sent him a picture of
his car okay that's Dylan German right
there I'm just gonna wait here for a
little bit and hopefully get down into
Dylan's room I don't know if it's gonna
work you put up a bunch of curtains so I
can't see anything
look everything has curtain they're
actually blankets taped to a wall but
mission success what the hell like two
seconds ago hi baby
oh god yeah yeah I didn't hug you that's
actually no no no no the dam just been
done oh I didn't know you were coming
back because I needed a video yeah no no
you told me any pictures inside my car
something tweeted pranks are in the
world continue with the rest of video
back to where we were right now I'm
going to our merch shop see burger
dot-com no it's not the Little Shop we
actually have like a good place for all
of it now and since I haven't shown you
guys I decided that would be perfect for
the rest of this video it's been raining
ever since I stopped recording yesterday
so basically a day and a half but that
just means it's cooling off and
eventually it's gonna be like November
and I can listen to the song November
rain
Guns N Roses fella kind of excited for
winter kind of not I love summer but I
also don't like being hot and I love
Christmas so whatever I guess it's not
my decision anyway okay guys we made it
and I would show you guys our warehouse
on the outside how big it is but we
don't want like people come in here and
you know if you walk inside you have the
main entrance right here it's all pretty
this is actually hi Ashley she's on the
phone hey this is Ryan and that's Ryan's
mom so I Ryan there's Rick and I've
walked down this hallway Rick's office
and then you go in here and then the
magic happens in here and then we'll
walk back we have some new designs that
are on the website so I can't show you
guys them yet but just check it out we
get all the backpacks we got all the
pops pockets all neatly organized
clickbait hoodies I'm wearing some
clickbait shirt right now lanyards some
new stuff some more new stuff this shirt
I have on right now literally everything
we have we have Quentin's shirt right
here and it's all hung up on the wall
this place is actually really sick I
basketball golf more rooms in here this
is where you go in case of tornadoes
because this is Kansas yeah that seems
about right
I got lost my first time in here so it's
our conference room we're gonna Google
the collab nice and then wrapped right
back around into the main room so this
is the area for business not really
entertainment but I just want to show
you guys you know there's a lot of work
that goes into it tea bringer comm link
will always be in the description and I
think that's it thank you
and I even left with my own Tanner Berg
our signature backpack you guys know my
backpack that looks like that well this
one is even better because it has like
twice the zippers and it's awesome I
don't know if we're gonna be selling
this right now it's only for me because
I'm so cool they're pretty expensive to
make I heard but it looks sick and I got
a pop socket for my dad speaking of my
dad I'm eating dinner with him right now
at Dairy Queen and there is hi so I'm
gonna go ahead and in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it thank you
guys so much watch this
thank you guys so much for watching and
don't forget my can share the French
people enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys next one boom
here's your pop socket
yeah we're twins
you just maybe
