what are you online guys today we're
back and today I hope you guys are all
having a great day I have my keys on
because I'm about to piece I am back at
my house in Kansas right now it is none
almost 9:30 in the morning so I woke up
at like 9:00 and then by 905 the
security system alarm is going off and
he's going back it was a sound I never
heard like I armed it to stay here so I
was super sketched down and I crawled
through my window right there and went
outside to the front the security system
people called and stuff I'm like I don't
think anybody's here well I went
upstairs and I unarmed didn't stuff I
stay here tonight because my video that
I'm coming back home hasn't been out yet
I was like whatever I'll to stay home I
don't like staying home alone especially
without any dogs or family it is just
too lonely this house too big for that
some good news we have a lot of packages
I don't know what all those are but
there's a big picture for me that
hopefully isn't broken
doesn't look broken the other one came
all fricking bins such this one looks
intact yeah right now I'm gonna go get
some McDonald's who's that a police
officer I don't know I don't know if the
security system called the cops or not
we'll see that is the police officer
outside my house apparently my alarm is
going off again hello
I don't know if someone's trying to
break into my house or not like why are
the cops here there's a button on the
alarm system to call the cops but I
didn't and I really hope the cop doesn't
like hold me at gunpoint when he walks
in oh I hate being home alone this is
scary guys I'm freaking I'm freaking out
I crawled out my bedroom window and the
security system says that my bedroom
window is unlocked all right that should
be locked down I'm gonna go try to find
the cop I don't know is my gate is
reopened that I closed hello guys I do
not know where this cop is but what do i
do do I have to stay I'm hungry no one's
in the cop car so I don't know I feel
like he's freaking inside my house and
the door to my attached garage is
somehow unlocked and open no one is in
my backyard what the hell I was looking
for you yeah yeah I don't know what
happened I was sleeping and then the
alarm went off but then I like went out
my window walked around front like went
around the back and looked had my mom on
the phone and there's a spring down by
the back window yeah that's I I took
that out okay yeah it's unlocked I was
just like yeah yeah well what quite sure
that I heard thumping around there okay
close we have other office I don't know
if it was like a mess up or what but
it's glass break sensors I know what it
was and basically any fluctuation in
temperatures can set them off because
glass changes its structure yeah there's
a lot of things that could set off a
glow I'm not a big fan of glasses yeah
okay yeah yeah everything's fine with
you though good good in there yeah thank
you
okay well make sure you're okay okay I'm
gonna get a McDonald's thanks what a
nice cool cop okay well that was
something guys I'm gonna go he's a big
Donald I love Kansas McDonald so much
they got me my food and like I went
through the drive-through and everything
in like two minutes
good Jeffrey Jeff Jeff a - Jeff - Jeff
he just had surgery
Oh
dang yeah I've had appendage problems as
well there you go thank you
nice melons to Californians but there
are some rude people I'm sure you can
agree I'll probably go home shower get
ready and stuff and then we'll head to
Quinton's hopefully before my videos up
oh wait I have till 3:00 I have till
3:00 California time I have to upload by
one so I have two extra hours I can do
whatever I want if two hours leave my
McDonald's and the Wi-Fi here it works
sure it's not the best but at least I
can play some call duty online so I took
a shower I'm kind of half editing half
playing call of duty and someone gave me
a master prestige and said your vids are
awesome keep it up sick alright put this
in next vid please well I'm sure you did
this a long time ago cuz I don't play
call of duty in a long time online of
course but thank you I mean I didn't
deserve max rank I'm pretty sure I was
like Christine six but hey and the
alarms going off again this is what I
heard the first time all alone it was
pretty scary why is this a thing that's
loud
bed glass my window the cop said it was
the temperature I guess I don't know why
they keep going off that's annoying it's
loud scary no one is here what the
whatever I got my shower my video is
going up we're gonna head out now let me
put on the shirt I'm gonna surprise some
people in this video and some people in
tomorrow's video and tomorrow the video
I'll surprise Quentin this one I'm gonna
go surprise my grandparents maybe Dylan
maybe I'll put Dylan in tomorrow's video
I have two hours before my videos out
before my family can watch it to know
that I'm home so I got to go quick and I
hope the alarm shuts up in the meantime
back in the Challenger and wait I
already was this morning and I have this
diamond shirt on old Tanner is bad I
wore these before they were cool now
everybody has a diamond shirt but what's
really poppin now is this clothing in
tea Brown guys calm you won't regret it
get it okay guys it is to 21 this video
goes up at 3 we are parked like in the
woods by my grandma's I'm walking up my
grandpa should be off work as well I
know my grandma just had shoulder
surgery so she's definitely in the house
I don't know what else you'd be doing
and I haven't caught her yet to say like
hey what's up are you okay how you doing
as I knew I'd be coming back soon so I
wanted to surprise her make her think I
don't care but I care I know she thinks
I'm in California my grandpa should too
I'm gonna creep around the back no one's
outside
I feel bad making her get up she's
probably peeking out that window and
like what the heck there's actually no
way she's not no I'm gonna grab the key
no way I don't where would she be a dude
her van is gone well no one's in here
grandma I hope it's okay if I let her
out hi cutie hi Gracie gets so hard out
of step on this dog come here Gracie
coming well if my grandma left the dog
that mean she didn't leave for long
because she never leaves her for very
long I guess I could call my grandma and
be like hey what's up what are you doing
and see where she's asked what do you do
let's go see how your shoulders done and
just what you've been up to and stuff I
miss Gracie I want to go see her again
well you're the best dog trainer I know
so I was just wondering well right now
I'm at my friend Tanner Fox's house and
we're chillin thinking of video ideas
and such yeah my mom and my brother and
sister all going home I don't know how
long I'll stay I might stay like a few
extra weeks or something yeah love you
too bye she has no idea of course my dad
called my mom and figured out that my
brother and sister coming home today so
I had to make up that lie I'm gonna go
to my grandma Tatum's right now which is
my great-grandma she was like two
minutes from here so Gracie I'm sorry
going back in your kennel let's go
mission grandma Tatum's sneaked in house
mission under go her house right there
what's up but I'm good I went by your
house and I got the key and I saw your
dog and you weren't there but I'm a good
prankster and a good actor yes you are
no actually I was like okay a couple
weeks a couple days but I was already
back and you said he's gonna figure out
with the video and it was her I already
knew my video idea real reason I came by
was for some cookies and drink of water
cuz I'm freaking out I literally locked
my keys in your house had to run back in
and I'll have my other car I wish I'd
have been a bit let's go say it's being
shipped or that it is being shipped I
did not want to drive that the whole way
so Kenner my great granddaughter said
living on the cheap a NICU yeah well
tell them thank you yeah Alan Dorothy
thanks for coming by yeah I'll be home
for a while thanks for the cookie thank
you okay oh well bye huh we got her
mission successful I am literally past
ear ight now I got to go get some gas
and I got a film for tomorrow so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget like and share the friends to be
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys the next one let's do it
with a cookie
you just maybe
