now that I have your full undivided
attention I'm back well rip this video
now it's copy written because YouTube
hates me what is going on guys today we
were back and today hope you guys are
all having a great day I have not
uploaded in five days now which is like
a record for me but I had my reasons
okay I started off with the flu you guys
know I'd been sick for like two or three
weeks and then I went and I travelled
and I made a foam pit and I flipped into
it obviously I wasn't gonna get any
better and now I'm feeling great I feel
fine now I told you guys I talked about
this in my last video one day I woke up
and I looked at my youtube channel and I
saw that there was a big red bar across
the top and it said that my channel has
been striked and I was like what in the
world could I have done to get a strike
in my channel I've always thought of
that as like the bad youtubers I'm a
good youtuber I follow the rules I try
to be family-friendly but the problem is
I guess the rules changed because they
striked my video of me trying bleach for
the first time I guess after a year and
a half they decided they did not like
the video so after they did that to my
channel obviously the video got taken
down and now I can't livestream for 90
days I told you guys I wanted a live
stream and now I can't and when I found
out I got on the phone with YouTube and
found out that it is tied to the Logan
Paul situation and the tide pod
challenge obviously they just had to
change all the rules and their
guidelines I guess which really sucks
for basically all creators because
that's dumb Luna why are you crying I
should be crying yeah let her outside it
was just frustrating because YouTube
couldn't even give us some kind of
warning or anything like that they
didn't even tell us anything there's
also no other way to know what they're
gonna take down next so we had to go
through 700 of my YouTube videos all of
them but things on private changed
titles and make sure everything is dandy
doodly for you to a bunch of my
thumbnails got changed even a video of
me swimming under my pool cover called
try not to drown challenge had to be
changed because I guess that incites
danger which I mean whatever so that led
to major paranoia and anxiety and made
me completely unmotivated because I
would film videos edit them put in all
this work and then maybe have them
claimed by six different people which
don't even own anything in the video
maybe have it taken down because it
might be a little dangerous like me
jumping off there I don't know maybe
this video is deleted tomorrow so I took
a step back and I played some black ops
1 and I tried to just think everything
through I really had to reevaluate my
life from a business perspective
obviously no one would stay at the same
job that they had if they're making 1/5
of the money or whatever it was
literally like a slap in the face from
my boss even though I done enough
at all besides bring them tons of
viewership and YouTube's great anyway
but I don't just want to abandon you
guys obviously I'm making this video
right now because I care about you guys
so much
I still want you guys to be interested
in me I still want the connection we
have and I still want to film fun stuff
obviously and throughout all this there
was some drama going on a Twitter that I
guess I got sucked into it involved me
and an ex-girlfriend and you'd think you
know two people's business belongs
between two people but not around here
so there's obviously things that don't
belong in the Internet and some people
don't understand and know that and I
learned my lesson about connecting
myself with people like that because it
can come back to bite you in your ass I
really don't know what upload schedule
I'm gonna go for I'm thinking maybe
Monday Wednesday Friday maybe I get an
editor and try for every day maybe I
stick to every other it's just all
confusing because I have to worry about
obviously my family and I first I wasn't
really affected by YouTube's whole
change in the beginning and then now
it's just like slapped me in the face
don't be too worried obviously I have
dibs clothing and I'm a hard worker I'm
in the tan clan I'll figure out whatever
I have to figure out and we have big
plans for the future all I know is that
the energy I have as a human I want to
disperse into different things not have
to rely on YouTube for anything
obviously if you were in my shoes you
would not want to rely on something
that's all wacky I'm thinking about
maybe doing a tour this summer that is
if you guys would like that it would be
like a show maybe I'm talking all over
the place maybe even Australia Europe
it doesn't matter leave a comment and
let me know I just have to know what you
guys want so we have had some big
problems with our merchandise site god
I'm tired of sitting the website was
down for a day or two but we've got
everything back up and running now and
we just have to restock inventory for
all you guys we'll get some new designs
soon and obviously we'll keep you guys
up to date on that
what else has happened we still have the
foampit I also have a really cool video
plan probably for my next video it
involves putting something on a
trampoline and it's not even gross it's
just cool it's in this box it was a
suggestion from someone from Facebook oh
and also the videos that got taken down
because of this whole YouTube BS we're
gonna upload them to my facebook so you
guys can still watch them because they
are some of my favorite videos and most
viewed videos I would leave a link at
the description so that you guys can all
check them out oh we got to go outside
real quick come on come on here you're
gonna it's like a girl out of here oh
wait my mom can't move in a phone pitch
she's not expert but she's a great
cameraman woman sorry whamon laughing
does this wall still holding up barely I
got a gun because I got four
check it out it's invisible uh-huh yeah
pretty cool pretty cool
what else I finally got my challenger
all clean there's still a little dirty
on the bottom I'll probably have to take
it through again but it hadn't had a car
wash in like two months here's the
before
whoa Fruity Pebbles
and you guys know I got the are a
completely polished so it looked really
good I come outside and Luna stepped on
it again all over I really don't even
know what to do I kind of think it just
needs to be rewrapped it is so scratched
she even got ahold of my truck if you
can see those and not just me sitting in
a foam pit but I am still dealing with a
lot of anxiety and mental health and I'm
going out late about three days gonna
visit my therapist and try harder to
enjoy life and all you guys should too
I always just want to be an inspiration
to you guys that is my biggest goal and
I saw this video last night my mom
showed me it and it was this guy who was
told to he had two months to live and
four years later he's still battling
cancer they've raised like four thousand
dollars for this guy and they were
interviewing one of his kids and his kid
had this on what message would you like
to say to you dad person keep staying
strong and hopefully you can walk again
soon and I think I just say that keep
fighting I think you can do it well
we're making this video as well do you
to make sure that in case if something
does happen that you guys will still
have support and then so we're asking
people to to support the family mm-hmm
what would you say you can look at the
camera would you say to someone that was
thinking about supporting you guys yeah
those things first reporting knows it's
done blows my frickin mind I I just
can't even believe it so for now I'm
gonna get out of this hot foam pit plus
it's very gross this is used foam Taylor
loves it right ease these guys things
but yeah guys we're gonna go ahead in
this video here to hope you guys enjoy
didn't think yes and was watching and
don't really like shark friends if you
enjoyed subscribe for you and I'll see
you guys next one
