guess what what it's four o'clock in the
afternoon I know I took a nice tomorrow
nap
it took an accidental five they we're
back it's my hair Lee good rose come
here Rose will never jump up she's she
act so old but she's not I'm probably
gonna take a shower maybe and I'll
continue in a more awake everybody up
and Adam come on Tyler into my room
because we have to announce something we
have to make a decision I'll knock for
Tristan will you come in my room with
this for a second yay mom thanks Luna
you want to join us very rare where's
rose probably sitting alone away from
everyone Yeah right there on the floor
cold floor of course let me see that
tail wag yeah there goes my night is
actually disgusting okay guys we have
the whole family in my room why yeah I
look bad - I took a five-hour nap yeah
it's actually like 8 o'clock right now
I'm not 8:30 or 9:00 I'm wearing your
merch running shorts and I haven't even
go what's wrong with my merch I'm aren't
you sick I brought everyone here today
because we have to make a decision
what are we staying here are we going
home let's take a live in Kansas I'm not
gonna raise my head for either of these
cuz I genuinely don't care but let me
tell you yeah
let's compare the places real quick guys
first rave California
what pros and cons pros and cons
California and Kansas California the
dogs act better here maybe he just
didn't train him back home we've been
around
or because the house is smaller so that
I guess that's a reason Oh God Kansas I
don't have to hear every single noise
anyone else in the house makes the walls
of this house yeah everybody be quiet
I'm gonna go tap on Taylor's door did
you hear that
no go sing in the bathroom and they'll
get a real taste of it I hear your
entire fanbase going Crimea River right
now well I would stay in this house
anyways okay well anyway I mean like it
doesn't bother me unless I get to hear
licensing California has better weather
and I guess we have more room here we
don't even use it so that's a bullcrap I
love my country yeah we live in wine
country right now that's where we've
been
should we sleek our address no you're in
Temecula actually no I'm not gonna leave
the address because none of you want to
rent this place I'll be nice we don't
want to run it down Dave actually it's
been great the neighbors we kind of
bought a house in Kansas that's true
family in Kansas I do like my
grandparents yeah I want like actual
fall weather there's not yeah that's not
I'm gonna say but I can think I want to
walk around and be chilled I want to go
to the pumpkin patch I mean I'm sure
there's pumpkin patches in California
somewhere but Californians but I don't
they don't seem fun okay let's be
serious now guys let's think of actual
pros and cons because we don't I mean
I've we've had talks about this
off-camera but we don't really know I
have no social life here I can't leave
the house I miss my friends like we on
my car here so I can't go out do stuff I
can drive my car with oh I'm gonna slam
on the brakes because there's traffic
imagine spending half of your life in a
car because that's what we do here yeah
like whenever you die you're like how I
lived a great life you except for that
half of it we're speaking it out the
rose was in today but I saw on Twitter
the guy who said it he changed his mind
oh sure like okay so whenever we come
out to California in the past if we are
visiting your
in LA we flied to LAX we stay near the
airport which is 30 minutes from his
office and we visit whoever we visit we
stay within 30 minutes of where they are
so if we move here literally everybody
we hang out with and we have made great
friends here and we really really love
these people do everybody lives way far
with each other yeah all over the place
honestly so you literally have to make a
six-hour drive if you live in LA and
visit Tanner Foxx and so it round a
little halfway across the country
you can fly here in five hours and visit
them and I would rather fly here over
five hours then drive stations yeah I
mean a rather five hours no dresses I
would I can tell you guys that I am
going home the day this video is out I'm
going home like tomorrow
then he's making us try with the duck
all right and I'm trying out first class
for the first time what it's a first
class flight home we get in the car for
20 hours we're doing so the whole ride
home anyway BRB Oh doesn't it I think we
don't wanna fit Rose Rose will you quit
eating your ass because I could make a
montage you know as a boyfriend anyway
Rose come on yeah that's a Nazi for real
what do you what do you have in there
you can do YouTube wherever you're at
and literally the cost of living out
here and we're not exaggerating it's 10
times higher like our house ID year
would be 10 times what we paid for it
then I have the most expensive huge
super house yeah it's gonna suck if I go
home though with my car because
everyone's good
whoa and then since I live in a small
town it's like they're always gonna keep
seeing anyway it's the biggest city in
Kansas but it's a small town so I think
that we're just gonna go home and we're
gonna live there I honestly like my
YouTube videos the most whenever I'm
home I read all your comments and I see
so many of you like oh I miss your
videos back home that's just I feel like
yeah filming a video here is kind of
ridiculous like we couldn't film at the
mall and stuff like that which there's
some stupid girls like that back home
but everything's more spread out like if
I wanted to fill my mall shopping
flipping video I could do it back home
but here there's a cop comes
like la I mean heck if you need
scaffolding back home you just surrender
the non-sena shop take care yeah finding
some per video in Kansas I still get it
there's no traffic and I actually get a
video done on time here that's not a
thing I don't know how any youtubers
like it out here I've talked to so many
youtubers that live here and they're
like yeah I want to go back home and
here you're just one of them in you're
like a model and a magazine photoshoot
you're looking around just there's so
many of you I mean it's cool but then at
the same time I don't like it that much
I have my friend seeing that are
youtubers and I think it's really cool I
can go freakin fly vism anytime I want I
can fly them out to my house and our
house back home is for kids sick we got
beanbag around not you Chuck's dead she
does she's not moving her heart's
beating I could see you someday maybe
having a place out here and kind of
going back and forth but I don't know I
just don't see the point in having a
house here honestly because like I said
flying into wherever you want to be
makes way more sense I just like
vlogging at home because my room is
pretty colorful for the price of a nice
house here you can legit have a house 80
acres and an airstrip and a private jet
at home like access to it all I'm
hearing is that I have to reset up all
my makeup and I pissed face - no Eddie's
whole room I brought everything I rot
literally all of my stuff there is one
thing here that I will never get back
home a normal shower because I shower in
a presidential bathtub it's a nosy man
all I wants a new shower off I really
want to see Rosa Lunas reaction when we
take him back to our house so I think
I'm gonna head home tomorrow I probably
won't even stay at my house hope I don't
even know what I'll do
my xbox back home can't connect to xbox
live here I play against computers but I
had a trick shot and feel nothing hope
you guys agree with our decision I think
most you guys are glad that we chose
this okay well guys this morning I'm all
packed up
just gotta zip that last suitcase and
maybe put this stuff away but I'm about
to go on my last ride in my howdy are
rape for probably a week I'm getting it
shipped home I was maybe gonna drive it
home but then I drove to LA and back
like two times and I was like yeah screw
that the seats in the Audi are
comfortable but after a while like any
car just you just it's bad so I think
I'm gonna go pick up Dylan we'll go to
Starbucks like we've done almost every
day that I've been here drop off my car
at Tanner's warehouse where it's gonna
be picked up and shipped home
then I've got a flight to catch at noon
my last drive in my last time at this
house not really are you attached at all
I'm not we can try out the no phone
charger thingy I don't know where do I
put it why did we spend 800 you have to
like put it facedown maybe no that make
no sense
try that one no you know that was the
only difference from the seven as well
so yeah that's nice and this kid gets
the same drink every morning good
morning for change
I get blueberry muffin coffee cake and
some strawberry things we are back at
the place where Tanner and I raced
because we're pulling into the back of
his warehouse
I'm gonna pop the back for the first
time ever is there like a little thing
you gotta grab saying goodbye to my Audi
or a we even got that gasps kappa i
don't tell anyone
and then i'll still be able to drive
this hi we're just we're sticking kids
in front do you approve all right oh god
it's the crocs take the crash no way
that I'm bigger than Tanner we're like
the same exact you gotta scoot your butt
that look I'm a dream you're buzzed
you're in oh my yeah I'm gonna take you
for a drive there she is my ride to the
airport
goodbye bail see you like this much
probably yeah
we're flying him out to Kansas because
we get a party ah in the field alright
we are gonna book it to the airport
hopefully I get there on time you guys
will see you in tomorrow's video if I'm
home or not I'm just gonna go ahead and
in this video here because I want to put
my camera in my bag and just make sure I
get there oh yeah thank you guys so much
for watching this video and don't really
like intuitive and the earth friends do
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys in the next one
you just maybe
