mom yeah hold on this one saying what oh
my god what'd you do
I just I it fell off my bed and it did
it so it's settled I'm getting a new
phone might as well get the rose gold to
match my car because eights aren't even
out yet not tell me I'm right here I'm
not waiting on an eight if you listen to
it closely you can hear it popping still
well can't use a shower because no it's
not waterproof but what is you all my
guys today we're back in today hope you
guys are all having a great day
mmm-hmm I see fan pages on Instagram all
the time right and I always watch the
edits and I see myself basically just
talking like ham right now I never do
anything like sexy or have any cool
motions like you know all some other
youtubers do like I don't even know how
they get the clip so if there's any of
you guys out there that run a fan page
I'm gonna give you something to work
with
there we go
roses nuttin Chris Dylan it's almost new
to answer hello hey can you hear me I
need you to do me a favor
um within like two hours in power within
the next hour okay I need you to go to
my house and get in my car and drive it
to an address I'm gonna text you because
it needs the oil changed and I can't do
it because I'm on my way to LA right now
you know what that's a favor that I'm
willing to do for you yeah I knew I
could count on you of course all right
you can go back to bed for a little bit
thank you all right good night so yeah
I'm going to see our counselor guy again
for the second time it's a new one not
the same one we were two before I don't
even know if I told you guys gonna do
one but I like this guy a lot so we're
going back to him so we're gonna have
Dylan drop off my car get the oil change
then we're gonna try to get me a new
phone day today is looking kind of busy
so far but we'll see what we can make
happen for the vlog something fun
entertaining and I need a sneeze but
it's not gonna happen cuz I'm recording
it all right counselor session is over
and Dylan just texted me and he said
that my car is gonna take three hours to
get the oil change that is ridiculously
long he has to sit there for three hours
cuz he drove my vehicle so he has
nowhere to go nothing to get him
anywhere so Dylan I'm sorry I'm gonna
make it up to you I promise I think
we're gonna go to the Apple store now
because all right we are in our dirty
backseat we are heading home now it is
already 3:30 and I finally got a
freaking phone 256 gigabyte I phone a
loser gets shiny mom did you ever used
to keep these boxes I don't know why I
always used to keep these
yeah it looks the same as the one I had
kind of matches my car a little bit so
that's 6000 years
guys we just got home about an hour ago
I just took a shower it is pitch black
outside I was gonna do the cars versus
the neighbors but I'm too lazy to go to
my car and start it up and I don't want
to wake up my own family I don't know
but I'm gonna go to bed for now I will
see you guys tomorrow
good night look at red his mom I think
she wants to be home she always looks
sad yeah get your head up come on how
pretty you are how are you gonna be sad
good morning guys we are heading out
right now to SDRAM hey that's weird I
have the name on my car I never get a
cold star should I get a cold start
good morning neighbor that's good enough
to wake them up you know we'll see but
first we're gonna go to st RAB they're
having this car event my car just hit
6,000 miles to go wow
focus thank you so we'll see you guys
whenever they're I'm guessing there's
gonna be some fans the hot-air balloons
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait my mom's
driving I have this little micro SD card
thingy hallway this is just the adapter
I didn't bring the actual microbe I
really want to record my drives I am
nine look at him that's insane come back
come back we are here there's a
policeman and there's a lot of cars
we're pulling up now I think I have my
own parking spot here look at my best
friend right here guys
that is sweet fricken lamborghini
aventador it's like ultra blue did I'm
freakin in love with that Lamborghini
whoa crap oh my god since I already have
a bright colorful car I think if I ever
got a Lamborghini my life it might have
to be matte light like oh my god it's
literally Batmobile this car has 12 ease
instead of 10 like mine
so this is Cory's car from the funk Bros
I kind of leaked it like two or three
times on accident hopefully you guys
still watch his car reveal video I think
he's here so I can you know yeah I
leaked it again four times and we're all
just kind of piled next to each other I
don't know if Tanner's here but his cars
here I'm in heaven guys cars and Donuts
I'm gonna enjoy this and look at this
car I found another Lamborghini and
another donut and it's a Huracan not an
Aventador but oh my gosh that is sweet
look at the seats I don't know if you
can see it but they're like all hexagons
Aventador is definitely way better but
this is still sick so my mom's been
admiring the pink Bentley over there she
would trade to most of them have a
starlight roof and
and it's so cool I wish this one had one
it's like the most luxury colors you can
get and it's so sick this is your kind
of car that's my kind of car we got a
Ferrari there are no lack of Porsches
here Lambos are really weird the one
inside looks super long and this one's
like perfect it's not too long
seats are stitched blue and black this
is the whole package that sv LP 750 yeah
it's awesome so you guys can see how my
car has gotten kind of dirty it's called
no garage my car sits outside every
night you can see it it's pretty dirty
but we have this microfiber cloth and I
don't really have to ever go to a car
wash ever again because watch this it
just comes like right off see that sexy
carwash montage
just kidding there's kids around here
that was the worst things I've done in
my life I'm gonna see if I can't find my
name on his car
those tanner foxes Cory you better not
have fell off my name
and also guys you know the signatures on
the back of my car there's one back
there we sold them on my website and the
first batch went really well so we're
launching a second one 80 to 100 so
they'll be on the website you guys can
check it out t bunker comm stick it on
your wall stick it on your window
sticker on your car
the material is super expensive to buy
so we're not gonna do them for very long
but I just wanted to make it happen so
you guys could have it my mom got ahold
of some of the stickers here I'm gonna
take one real quick first the tops gonna
peel off right and then it's gonna come
like that clean the surface with rubbing
alcohol or anything like that
set it wherever and perfect and then if
you don't want it somewhere you just
take it off I mean that might mess up my
driving Cheeburger calm hi guys we're
getting pulled over right now on the way
home I was just having some fun I don't
think
but we'll see something on the ticket
they may all change
show them the cop who cares it's tinted
windows attack behind hello
good how're you good stopped you for
your speed okay man okay you're in
excess of a 90 miles an hour
when I caught up to you okay but I asked
him a DJ well in excess of 100 when you
first wrote by God your license
registration with insurance
yes I do insurance is on your phone that
I strange out of the other way being
pulled over by two coppers yeah I think
they're afraid I'm gonna run I would
never do that that is actually stupid I
was just having fun but he said he got
me in 90 but I was probably going well
over 100 what you totally were when I
like that like this was I putting
anybody else in danger no guys right now
I have a clean record of like a year and
almost a half he might ruin it by I
ruined everything
why are you shaking because I don't like
coffee they always give me a ticket okay
okay fast alright yes I saw your
information back right here up there
gets more spots from the court guys you
see that cop up there he just flew by me
he literally came up behind me turn on
his lights I was like there's no way I'm
getting pulled over again I was
literally going with the flow of traffic
I was going like 80 and people were
going by me and I was like no way he's
pulling me over
people are going 90 right now look
people are still going past me if my
dashcam was working I didn't insert a
clip of like how fast I was going when I
got pulled over like showing the people
around me everybody goes fast but
whatever we made it back home and you
know what who knows how long we're gonna
stay here we might as well live once to
the fullest the dog dogs go inside check
open him inside real quick
come outside
okay guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here I know it's like the
middle of the day I'm gonna be making
some decisions with my mom and my family
about maybe staying here maybe not I
don't know yet that'll probably be
tomorrow's video so yeah thank you guys
so much for watching this video and
don't really like in turn depends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys next one
you just maybe
