starting off the day with another sick
trick shot by phase Tanner oh damn yeah
that's sick what is going on guys today
we are back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day my jackets
still dirty my hoodie yeah still a big
black spot I don't know what that's from
today we have our official merch
Instagram now for the tea bringer branti
burger calm I just posted about it look
we on the rise 26 3:18 Wi-Fi sucks we
freaking out here and as you guys see by
the title this video today I'm gonna be
racing Tanner Fox and his GTR not gonna
lie I went out today and tried to learn
launch control my r8 probably still
won't win we'll see I know his car has
light upgrades I'm pretty sure it's
tuned and it's a lot faster than normal
GTRs let my re it's prettier than most
alright so maybe I have a chance I have
no idea what the outcome will be but it
is cloudy outside again today
kind of sad outside don't really like it
it's always sad with these neighbors god
they suck howdy r8 versus neighbors at 3
a.m. coming soon actually we have a
covenant in our neighborhood that you
can't make noise after 10 o'clock that
could actually get us in trouble but
it's ok because guess what we're leaving
probably maybe maybe rows you like it
here or what you gonna go back home you
girls get a chew on foam pits back home
you're running out of chairs I mean you
only have one left mom did you see that
stinker I hit that clip yeah hit the
club you hit yeah dang the trickshot oh
yeah here's talking in another language
face up mom you guys already know that
I'm liking all the comments that comment
on the T brand guard official Instagram
and following you guys so if you want to
its T Brown guard official who then I
hit another trick shot I mean it was
pretty bad but look at that boom Kapow
Dylan's out here trick shot now he just
showed up to the house bots are catching
up you gotta hit him he got him he's
right there there's a glare on the TV oh
yeah we're done I'm done I quit
okay he's gonna be the cameraman and the
moral supporter of this journey yeah I
got a peep don't forget your glasses on
the door
Luna's joining you for your piss
now it's like kind of raining it's
sprinkling outside kind of cold ball yes
my car looks good in the rain I was
wondering about that Rose is looking
good
where she at where's the dog Rose I was
gonna make a good joke there she is
Luna get out you already did this to my
shorts this morning out out out out out
out
dude she does not chill see that guys
they're still blue for my old karma
right there you can see it
yeah dude everyone in my comments like
iced tea wrapped in wrap his door jams
like they just don't do that they don't
you don't wrap the door jamb guys you
guys it's not Tanner behind the wheel
today Tanner went with his mom because
he wasn't feeling good so I'm skirting
the all right and the first time that
the r8 is rolling up next to the GTR we
are here now it's almost 6 o'clock in
the afternoon now I was feeling sick but
now we're actually gonna do it I think
where's the clock so we're gonna go
inside were at Tanner's warehouse thingy
and then we're gonna fly a drone and
we're going forward I need to put it in
neutral coffee and we're gonna listen
they call it play the whole time
yep i'ma have to go ahead and get some
scenic shots look how much taller his is
it's so much taller actually it's not
that much Tom what are you doing come
Park next to us join the cool kids club
are you coming for the warehouse for the
race shut this off my phone's at 1% oh
yeah her truck kind of dies now and
won't turn on it did it tonight we're
gonna get her in their truck soon by the
way it's really happening
enjoy the little things like taking a
piss which I'm gonna do right now okay I
don't know where they are they're out
doing something but oh my gosh it's
bouncy mom do you remember I was trying
to get ahold of one of these forever
they would never do anything yeah they
don't do deals they don't do deals which
is how commerce works it's like a bar
code bouncing insert reel clip yeah
he almost did it there is it really help
now it's like a weird floor maybe just
hurt less when you land this thing
probably hurt just as much as the ground
but pretty radical yeah get up there mom
cork cork it is basically just a
mattress but worse like a mini
trampoline that's what it's guilt
tanners first time seeing my car I
haven't seen it bro you seen it blue but
that doesn't count
you like how cute they look next to each
other though there's gold you cannot see
the gold I know is my good not see the
gold it's weird it looks way more pain
on camera it's weird it changed it in
the Sun just like you color shift chrome
yeah should we do a little air track
edit before we go vroom vroom
I feel like I might have that in the
back if I do it will you do it like this
yeah someone riding with you no let's
wait
les Wayne that's why I think the real
challenge of this day is just gonna be
Dylan trying to fit in my car
there's no way okay let's stick one of
these kids in there you want to go in
tuck everything like everything bear
open I will I will I will
yeah real quick Rev battle
honestly honestly from the back that was
pretty close all right now that this
smells like gas let's do this
tired of being what you want me to be
feeling so faithless lost under the
surface don't know what you expecting of
me
where's the finish line I okay
we're gonna fly down this and then right
I think the end is the RV yeah yeah all
right so we're gonna race to the trailer
right there I don't know if you guys can
see it it is right there right when the
trailer starts Dylan's gonna record for
me like the babe he is we're gonna get
the drone up in the sky all right let's
do it
I'm gonna leave my drone right here no
one take it please
I wasn't ready I didn't know they were
going what the hell what I turned around
and I hear two cars ha ha ha no you go
again I wasn't ready
III didn't even get the entire race no
one told me I started it after you guys
passed me through all my clips you want
to go again
but you want to roll it you should be
roll it again roll it again you were
close
you were good did you do the watch yeah
I did the long work on I tried the long
can do this is a stock all right besides
the exhaust to true I'm recording now so
I don't miss anything
no from a roll from like a 40 roll your
Tanner kills it yeah cuz when I was on
the freeway doing it it was so fast this
alpha is hella clean though like check
me out line myself up so they don't hit
me
yeah they're fast I felt good oh hey
sorry we don't date losers Dylan get in
we got to go get my drone remote and
there's a lady here that's threatening
to call the cops cos it's too loud and
going too fast so mom listen my mom's
checked in running this whole time this
whole hour and a half yeah okay you go
take care of that guys please leave a
like for this video that was insane in
my RA I've never seen anyone keep up
mostly because I live in Kansas but
honestly awesome we'll get them next
time when I to my car and make it a
racing racing mobile alright alright
alright we got some more cereal in a pot
because nobody does dishes I'm guilty of
that Taylor what's up you were doing
school min ago what happened good job
let's get a line here so we're not
freaking smart but yeah we're gonna head
in this video here and I hope you guys
enjoy didn't thank you so much for
watching don't feel like in terms of
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys next
you just maybe
