don't judge me we were all out of bowls
what is going on guys today we were back
in today I hope you guys are all having
a great day I am currently exporting
yesterday's video aka the car reveal and
if you're watching this video and
haven't seen that one what the fuss is
to go watch it is really good you guys
will not regret it definitely my new
favorite video my channel probably one
of my yeah it's one of my most favorite
videos of all time it's going on the
front page of my channel my mom and I
were walking outside right now we're
about to put on the license plate it's
my car you know the shiny one we fixed
the ugly Kansas license plate and I just
want some sort of license plate oh my
gosh mom I smile mom I smile every time
I see it it makes me happy now get off
okay it's in your car I hope this works
we have no screwdrivers lefty loosy yep
it's Jalen it's chilling oh yeah that's
gonna look sick I like this one but it's
got to go we need to look up the actual
law in Kansas cuz I promise you're gonna
get pulled over we need to read the fine
print
mom this took like an hour there's no
way I'm unwrapping it I mean I didn't do
it but it did take an hour my car
doesn't look that gold d'ailleurs rose
gold this is all because of you luna now
i got to wipe off your prints one night
that's already dusty let it right here
my mama has a written in the newly
colored car yet by the way guys so
that'll be the first thing we do today
for sure besides this you know this is
pretty important last little ball is it
working after 20 minutes of sitting on
the ground out here we got this screw to
go in and now there's probably longer in
20 minutes but now it's in and it looks
beautiful
any cop makes me take it off for no
reason I will be upset the only thing
that's covered up besides the ugly
yellow is this thing that says sunflower
state down there but who cares about
that all right guys we have my front my
front trunk full of random a camera gear
I'm gonna close this I'm gonna hop in
the front I'm gonna take off my charger
necklace and we were gonna head to
Starbucks where I'm gonna meet Dylan and
then him and I are gonna go meet Tanner
at this racing spot and I'm gonna be
racing Tanner Foxx and his GTR
this is like the longest awaited video
ever I don't know who will win honestly
I really don't I want to think that I
have a chance I know these cars tuned
and stuff so it's faster it takes some
more air higher horsepower or whatever I
guess I don't know either way I get to
drive my car I get a jam out with my new
radio aux cord I gotta stop by Best Buy
get a micro SD card for the drone and
then the GoPro and then the band
yes yesterday and I'm already almost too
empty I got about a quarter of a tank
left but first things first I'm gonna
take my mom on a drive and I get her
reaction she hasn't heard it with the
exhaust might as well scare her a little
bit get this car warmed up for the day
and my eye keeps twitching and I don't
know why I don't know what I did
like if I look at something it'll just
start going I don't know if you can see
I but it's a Megan Earhart I don't know
if I could drive it's about time I'm not
even ready oh you're gonna do your
makeup in my car if you get any rise
swear you're gonna have to selfie mode
this one I hate now we gotta wait on
this car
you're great at filming when I talk
about a car maybe you chose a fire there
it is Wow oh my eye keeps twitching this
might be it that's my median windows
down always
you roll that up
a race
you like the sound I swear I got bastard
it feels like it's been thoroughly sighs
I've been doing the past for you
that's literally like every time you get
in this car that's what you do yes see
that white car up there
okay
I'm gonna drop her back up and then I'm
gonna go to Starbucks and then we're
gonna go buy my eyes still twitching by
Luna what the hell do you wanted some
macaroni and she got it good night
Starbucks run is over and now he's gonna
drive home I think can I adjust your
seat yeah cuz I hate when people play
with my seat you're one of the few
people I trust completely - oh my god
thank you I would let you drive my car
but I don't know
just rolled in the Best Buy real quick
and I just got to micro connector thingy
SD cards it's supposed to be like 150
bucks and I got it for five because I
have that's my rewards thing and I'm
just really smart with my money and my
mom taught me well she drives my super
car back home bad news guys I'm not
gonna be racing tanner today I just
found out he was doing some stuff and
then I didn't want to drive the hour
later and then bla bla bla so will
probably do it tomorrow so get high for
that but right now I'm just making some
pizza and a microwave oh look at that
it's done when you thought you knew what
you were gonna do for the day but now
you just chillin probably gonna load up
some black ops 2 should I make another
black ops or call duty video maybe some
of you guys know I used to make them
after I started with flip so I went
through a phase where I only played Call
of Duty they were pretty cringy but I
love call of duty we got pink juice -
doesn't really look pink but life is
good I might hit a trickshot right now
guys just to show you I am gonna call
duty guys I can confirm they both smell
like sausage and talk to him about it
yeah my dog smelling sausage again I'm
trying to hit this trickshot actually I
got to get to 25 first look ready you're
trash so and you're using the DSR I
don't use a ballista oh my you got
killed by a bot on one who was with a
bot I was better two years ago okay mom
I'm trying to trick shot can we talk
about this later wait if I win do I take
blaze getting spot yes if I hit what
phases member do I replace I think I
give a replace rug to be honest yeah
most rug he's coming for you bro will
delete that he writes a first rag okay
first first trial one more time okay
first try como Scott that was no way
that he did he just got a hitmarker on
this guy I'm letting him play I got sick
of it I hit like I tried like 50 I
literally guy I think it was a 1080 why
why like if we're being honest I think
we're just not meant to be in face I
think we're meant to be bloggers or
either meant to be vloggers or were
meant to be in like
soar or something read obey
the bots are catching up you better hit
something bro real quick yeah yeah hit
it I don't care what it is I'm 360 oh I
swear to you like I'm face rein in like
in afterlife 24 - 24 you better hurry
oh come on trick shot life no no jump
alright my turn
alright if he hits I'm going to be very
upset oh don't fall off the edge you
fell off yes I'm playing in my underwear
for good luck by the way oh man that was
something else
oh my gosh this hit your camera is going
through the wall okay there's guy right
here can you place your cat I'm trying
the bots won cuz I fell off in shoving
assisted suicide on a new clue
I got a hit marker though okay guys my
mom just walked in and she says she
looked up the laws on Kansas license
plates every license plate shall at all
times be securely fashioned to the
vehicle to which it is assigned us to
prevent the plate from swinging at a
height above of a block oh we're good
and a place in position to be clearly
clearly visible it is and shall be
maintained free from foreign materials
and in a condition to be clearly legible
foreign it came from the US what we're
gonna take Kansas to court if they pull
me over I'm gonna say this rap on my
license plate took an hour I'm not
taking it off and to put on the license
plate took twenty minutes so I'm not
unscrewing go get the regular license
plate you have the blue one we put that
on the back and then put the clickbait
on the front like it's a decorative one
and take off the Sedgwick County and
mark
things I betcha I mean you can try it
III will you already know I will mom
three more kills in this trickshot time
guys 102 and ready I can't hit no way I
just hey guys you'd watch it was
actually sick
okay here's me respawning oh no freaking
720 insta swap man can are actually my
gamer tags only ones tonight baby wants
a pink phase only 116 that's really I
think phase only when sniping is a
pretty long name I might have to get
with phase tan you guys remember if you
get if you guys watch my video whenever
we went to the mall and we did some
flips and there was a cop security guy
that was mad I said I was gonna get
Gucci flip-flops and I'm a man of my
word so I didn't know what to do for
this vlog i'ma go get some Gucci
flip-flops even though I don't like them
that much don't get the big deal I'm
sorry both of you have them whatever but
here's the kicker buy him from him cuz I
don't want to drive to a mall then
you're small with them is 35 minutes
away I don't want to I've three five
minutes so we're gonna 45 yeah yeah too
far yeah so I'm just gonna buy yours if
that's cool yeah now you can buy mine I
wear ten what are you uh ten and a half
you buy thirty all right you'll note to
self do not leave your camera in the
front because it gets hot and parking
this thing is actually really scary cuz
I try not to take that and that and that
and I got really close in the box and
everything guys we're officially a new
owner
well after I pay you of course some okay
I get it at least are the black and red
what am I saying
the green and red they're kind of comfy
but uh but they actually fit so that's
sick
there you are kind sir we're gonna set
them in the front so they can boil like
my camera did Dylan have you hit any
trick shots no but I put on this robe to
hopefully help me with babe Lord nor
I honestly think Lunas like sad right
now because I got these and she thinks
I'm gonna replace my Crocs but I'm just
not okay I'm not gonna wear these like
at all ever
don't worry trick shot number two by
Tanner Braungart let's see it Oh kind of
a barrel stuff yeah it was I don't care
it was sick we are gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and think a so much watching
don't forget leave like enjoy the
friends do you enjoyed subscribe for new
and I'll see you guys the next one
you just maybe
