was that pretty or what what is going on
guys today we were back and today I hope
you guys are all having a great day I
could hardly sleep last night because
I've been too excited for today I've
been up for like three hours it's only
seven o'clock we were about to go head
out to see my car I have not seen it
completely done at all I've seen
progress in my car but I haven't seen it
completely done so it's gonna be a
little surprise to me as well I'm so
excited I got the drone charged up I got
this fancy bag I'm gonna take with me
full of stuff for my car I bought a
dashcam got my wallet in case I get
pulled over it's bound to happen I've
waited two months for this day it has
been the longest two months of my entire
life and it's finally happening today
guys I get my car back let's go girl
all gloomy outside but we're gonna get
rid of the gloom we're about to go on to
look at the carp I'm too excited we're
just gonna show it are we gonna show it
right away
oh my god oh there's no wheels on it yet
guys but he's so sick I think I have an
erection oh this look cystic I was
worried this is not gonna look amazing
but it does chrome rose gold ruin it in
the wheels on the wheel
guys I'm literally gonna be driving this
today I'm so - and it matches my frickin
bag bro I have a rose gold phone charger
I bought for this like a month ago I got
a phone mount thingy with a magnet so I
don't crash I'm scared to see how this
thing will look though because like it's
yellow and let's try that I don't know
my Rose is on top of the cart kinda hard
to see cuz the light in here but it's
right there Dylan struggling to stay
awake in these early hours of the day I
I don't wake up for another five hours
you understand this and I've been up for
two it's called the grind this thing Zoe
we're gonna try to wrap my license plate
and are you really yeah I was going out
clickbait yeah we're gonna cut it out
since in Windows since it windshield you
can barely see and I mean like if I'm
sitting in the driver seat
probably won't be able to see I know
pops in Kansas are definitely a pull me
over but I don't care look at all this
stuff I got on my key ring now even
though I do have to start my car with
the actual P but I like starting it with
the key got myself a TV lanyard chibi
shirt T burger calm it's like a perfect
reflection and whenever I rub my pants
up against it it's Sophie smooth he gets
to drive it out of here first time it's
seeing natural light
oh my god look at it outside oh my god
oh my it's a whole different car you can
see the roads outside so much better so
guys it's still cloudy outside this is
not the car in the Sun I'm so I have to
see it in the Sun whenever it's actually
sunny outside but look at it oh my god I
hope you guys are in love with as much
as I am I'm sure you are
we're about to drive at home
alright alright 800 welcome
well I actually need to ride home
there you go
let's go to Starbucks action oh yeah
went to a Starbucks and then where else
is it one more thing
gasps oh my god guys oh I'm back behind
the wheel oh my David wait this was room
your last name yeah yeah Hugh the mega
poney of rule six - got my rat back here
oh we gotta go get my bag inside oh
you're so chrome rose gold Oh a whole
bag yeah let me set up the parking brake
gotta go get it
making the license plate not ugly it
looks so pink in here it's Sun is out
and it is glimmering over there it's out
of focus why why why now come on it's
right there why is it on my finger what
okay focus there it is also my phone
mount is right here so I cannot okay
it's kind of flimsy and whenever I
flourish
oh no no no you tighten it you tighten
what you tightening Oh it tightens dude
thank you I had the same way so that I
don't text and drive or ever be tempted
you know I got this little magnet on my
phone now had to take off pops sake I
know rest in peace by still have the
Rose one tea burger calm so if I'm
driving so I picked my song and then I
just set my phone right here and then it
shows the whole time
and the first person behind me is let's
see we have an illegal exhaust illegal
tint no license plate but I don't see
lights so it's good all right first
floor of the r8 turning on sport mode so
Dylan can
sucking already
oh my god it's all become a cop he
didn't even see us we're good we're good
I missed the turn Valtor it's so much
faster than the v8 oh my god the gears
are so long
and here's a license to play of glimmer
and wait let me get the light on the
camera Wow I can blind anyone with this
dude it's so bright
that's gonna look sweet I don't know if
it's legal or not I give you 30 miles
down the freeway in Kansas before you
are just toast we made it home that was
a freaking awesome Drive except this one
guy kept trying to race me and I was
like nah I mean these couple eight
people this is my biggest concern am I
able to reach up here yup barely I know
this four series would not leave him
alone like bruh god there's so many
people a lot of nice people that are
like you a nice car and stuff which is
gonna be awesome
but like there's a few people that just
want to race like 80 times I'm like bro
I'm not gonna like what are you doing
we're rolling up to the house I think my
sister's home I think my brothers in LA
doing something I have to record you for
this I'm sorry you have to be okay they
come outside I'll record the back your
head you have to see my car look Taylor
you're covering your own face because
it's a surprise not because you don't
yeah alright freakin sexy right
but yeah Dylan's gonna go to his dentist
appointment I'm going to eat I haven't
eaten all day been stuck in SD rat doing
stuff and then we're gonna do some drone
sunset stuff I'll see you in a little
bit jump cut whoa okay Dylan still not
back so my sister Taylor one side is
going to help you film the drone clips
hopefully you know how to work a drone
and I'm sorry guys I'm not usually like
this just past two days I've looked like
absolute trash same except it's the past
two years yet it
and we are back home I did the drone
work while driving by the way she does
that there yeah she tried so that's all
the matter okay
but yeah guys get off of me get off of
me I'm trying to outro right now we are
gonna go ahead in this video here and I
hope you guys enjoyed it and thank you
guys so much for watching I'm so happy I
finally got my car back I'm gonna drive
all the time drove it a lot today like
at least like five hours and I don't
know whether or not I'm gonna ship it
home or if I'm gonna drive it home if I
ship home I have to take a flight which
sounds better than 21 hours of driving
but I like driving so much time has gone
into this project on my car and
everything with that so if you guys
could take two seconds out of your day
to leave it like I would be very happy
and if you want a Rocher like this that
SiC is pretty broker calm and I think
we're actually going to be using the
chrome rose gold material you know my
signature right here's a picture of it
and I think we might use the leftover
wrap to make about 20 signatures and
maybe put them on the website yeah let's
do it they'll be on the website tomorrow
by the time this videos ever thanks to
go check it out again t be calm and yeah
they get so much watching don't we leave
like intro the vents if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next one soon normal outro since
this is like an important video peace
out
you just maybe
