what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day you see my room right now it
is actually sub dirty I don't know what
happened I've literally we've lived here
for like what two weeks I guess I had
some friends help me with it but still
it's very bad okay well hi mom I'm
leaving to go get a dirtbike yep
no no we're actually going I'm not
buying it I'm renting it good night you
sleep like you're a baby in the womb
she's my baby today is a pretty awesome
day for two reasons I'm about to go get
a dirt bike for the day Dylan Hawke has
his friend who hooked me up with it and
it's also the day before I get my car
which is tomorrow and then the reveal I
am so excited at my car back you guys
don't even know actually you probably do
and I really wanted something fun to do
today that's like drivable and I thought
hey let's get a dirt bike we have some
land we have some open you know room we
have some neighbors we can piss off like
we have everything so I'm gonna meet up
with Dylan right now and then we're
gonna throw it in the back bring it home
and have some fun but guys tomorrow
do not miss tomorrow's video car reveal
you're not gonna miss it already now but
it's gonna be so sick I'm so excited a
few moments later let's be quiet for a
second there you go can you hear that
I'm gonna put on some shoes real quick
I'm pretty excited because I just went
and spent some $200 on renting this
thing no I did not buy it
neighbors are gonna love us now
Dillon and Jake and I just went to
Dillon's friend's house or Jake's Brian
Ono whose friend was it
oh my friend he's now my friend too so
he's holding
it's like a mini dirt bike but it's it's
fast oh he likes oh look here I need
here we come here guys I got to show you
guys my skid mark these are the whiskey
throttle oh my god all of your Western
viewers are gonna know I dump the clutch
without knowing how fast it was and I'm
quick and it just went I'm scared I
don't want to die the day before I get
my car because I won't be able to drive
it so yeah I'm gonna attempt to learn to
ride this dirtbike I don't know what's
gonna happen it's manual
I barely know manual cars he taught me
manual Oh hold on the clutch yeah okay
now slowly release that release this and
give a little bit of yeah now release
the clutch slowly and give a guess you
gave it guessed the wrong way you give
you guys backwards not forwards Christ
but this thing well we rented it or
whatever because I was getting sick of
waiting in my car I need something fun
to do for the day instead of sit in my
room playing zombies but that's what
I've been doing it's pretty fun I've
been sending you trick shots yeah yeah
no I actually had a trick shot you did
yeah I couldn't entity it was on no no
no real-life 360 temper shot no lie I
only yeah you're cheating
that wasn't very hard either I can't get
it all started yeah none of this why is
this so confusing one of these
so gas is backwards Revit first so you
know there you go okay budget back but
then they click it up hard one there you
go
now slow they're really too much and
give it a nutrient neutral we just broke
the break and the other breaks broken he
told us this has no brakes anymore but
we actually just broke it off the metal
mom I broken I tried to go and it went
broom very fast it's too fast try and
start it it just broke your superglue no
that's not gonna work I don't even think
it's gonna start anymore look at that
Tanner my insta photo I never got to
ride it I mean I did for one second
without it well I literally twisted it
in inch backwards I know watches and it
just launched now I understand why
there's marks all over from whenever you
tried to start it this is way out of
control
be sure not to let it go well I didn't
want to die I get my car tomorrow it's
not gonna start
holy driving
I don't think I own 1,000 bucks because
it still goes well I can't have an
automatic bike why is that another thing
the neighbor already texted the property
manager whatever that gave us this house
gave us the house we whatever and then
they called my mom and we were like yeah
but they're insane she's like yeah I
know so they're on our side
our neighbors aren't saying and if they
think that motorcycles loud they're
gonna hate my car yeah mom we kept the
safe on the right here we strapped it up
everything was good oh he's going down
the hill he's gone see you later
no break bye Dylan part two real quick
guys wish me luck there we go now
release the clutch do you feel it kind
of grab no gas a little bit again yeah
there you go
it's going you're going dinner you did
it I think you're gonna fall so I have
to follow him
Wow
that's not good tanner take your camera
take your camera I got a gun
far too well I cannot drive this bike
it's done mom I can't do bicycles bro I
was getting cramps right here on my leg
like I don't want to make excuses but I
can't drive it well why would they make
the gas the handlebar you're trying to
hold back and then it just goes there
I'm literally I'm behind the tree and I
can't see you in all the hairs Wow I'm
done with this all right let's get that
done and there's some gas leaking Oh God
apparently gas is already leaking did I
burnt my leg in the process of that
really that hurts it was right there ah
well guys we're loading it up right now
we're gonna go ahead and take you back
before anyone dies for real it was kind
of fun you know
I drove it for a little bit that's all
that matters Luanne I had fun chasing it
didn't you oh my gosh dude she has hot
we're gonna strap it back in and my
mom's gonna come with us we're gonna
grab some dinner you guys can tell like
the sun's pretty bright setting right
now started this vlog late in the day
again do I have an excuse this time
yeah what well what too busy playing
zombies definitely you had it I did I'm
surprised Luna hasn't attacked this rock
cat because she would definitely do
something like that
just follow Dylan he knows where to go
my mom is driving her truck and I don't
like driving it it was me
Oh Minister we have your bike it's kind
of broke easy does it
that's about how high it was when I hit
the gas we had a little ice there or
twice yeah it's a little bit here's that
far back I should start wearing clothes
places so we got us some food and right
now we're spying on our house back home
looks like there's a light on right
there and we don't know if someone's
staying there or not right now we didn't
have anyone tell us that they're staying
there I think there might be but there
might have kind of a schedule going on
and I thought this was an off time but
maybe I don't know I don't know you
could literally creep on me time what if
I make you get out of the shower showers
right there mom tomorrow guys I know I
keep saying it tomorrow I'm going to
have my car back this is literally like
getting my car all over again but it's
like better because I haven't driven it
in like two months before I had my car I
had nothing to compare it to so I didn't
like miss it but now I like really miss
it in there and now it's just beautiful
so Luna what does that pull that all
right by the pool now you already ripped
up the pool chair Oh black midnight
Taylor can I record you yet can I steal
doing this I can sleep it there because
he's my cuddle buddy fine I'm gonna find
rose there she is
why don't you like people man you're
always chillin away from everybody but
you wag your tail when I come close so
you must like me a little bit she still
smells like sausage guys what the hell a
little bit rose
she's not gonna get up I'm gonna need
some temptation well here comes Luna
hold on I'm gonna coax rose with the
nutrient Baro
it already worked haha sucker I win all
right guys I'm gonna share this bar with
my dad goes for the 69th time do not
miss tomorrow's video it's gonna be
insane I gotta edit this video tonight
hand it's already midnight so I'm gonna
get to going gotta wake up at like 7:00
we're gonna leave here by 8:00 we're
gonna get to SD rap we're gonna do
everything Luna quit drinking out of my
water oh my god oh yeah we are gonna go
ahead and in this video here I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you guys so much
for watching and don't forget tired
friends if you enjoyed subscribe for new
and I'll see you guys next one
it really isn't like I had nothing to do
with it
like you just maybe
