Oh boys guess who has a working camera
that doesn't suck what is going on guys
today we were back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day I bought
a new camera and a whole new microphone
because the other one was giving me
issues and with the car reveal coming up
and everything I was not gonna wait for
the replacement I just bought a new one
no regrets we're starting out the day
flipping it's already actually like 4:00
in the afternoon because I'd wait on
this camera because we had to order it
anyway let's start off with a little
send it at it you know
this hot tub smaller than our house out
back oh all right Taylor you can have
this camera back under one condition
what you do like a full body thing again
you know my outfit okay whoa whoa
hey guys Luna is all over these white
jeans she will not get away from him
look I'll step away she's right back on
him there's nothing in there and also
I've been reading a ton of you guys's
comments of my editing style lately if
you guys have seen it I've gone for more
of like a professional ish way I don't
know there's more of a like a fast pace
to it and then there's more like B and I
kind of like that way and then there's
like my old way and then I put my social
medias I don't know most of you guys in
the comments seem to be liking it I like
it it is a lot more work to edit like
that and I do like it sometimes I like
the slower pace I don't know I guess
I'll just do whatever hopefully you guys
like it I don't know I don't even know
what I'm talking about guys gathering
room so as you guys know we do flips and
he does scooter Solomon and I suck at
scooter so I did have a scooter thing
here but I took it out it's happening so
in one hat right here I have flips and
this hat I have stuff so we're gonna go
to the mall you know each of us are
gonna draw from this hat you're gonna
see what flip you have to do and then
you have to do it and if you don't land
it you have to draw something and
whatever you draw you have to buy so if
you don't land it you have to buy it or
something I don't know I'm stressing for
a video idea all day and I come over
this and we're doing it anyway Solomon's
getting into buying nothing I'm gonna
buy probably a few things and you're
gonna be loaded about but no no we're
gonna draw when we get there we'll
figure it out let's go to the mall here
comes Jake down the hill I rode my heel
he's down there and it was really fast
there's a big crack right there
Oh God and I don't like driving this
truck so Jake's gonna drive it oh yeah
oh gee can draw your date isn't on your
country ways hat no I used to be a
country boy better than you know yeah I
look okay stop guys comment what's more
country Virginia or Kansas Kansas
country boy life
I sent the short city I got a restrictor
pipe down
Road yeah I can get you where you need
to go copy one
we are here at the mall we got the hats
we got everything it's all saying he's
tired now man maybe you're buying
something right now try show us a little
scooter so we don't have just flips you
know hi blog my name is Jake I makes I
do scooter stunts so this is my kid
I hate scooter good that's fun quick we
got to peep the new iPhone eight and
like the X or whatever we gotta check it
out
ha nevermind they're not here yet okay
we're gonna start soon they're doing
some scooter stuff time to take a
picture what's that man hi hi who's
going first as a question stalls the
best he should go first for sure okay
black hat is the tricks make sure these
don't fly away I'm scared let's mix it
up a little bit I'm kind of scared I'm
so tired I don't wanna get something
hard I didn't do that many hard things
this is the flips not the scootering
right yeah this is the foot set off high
pull something out look away
today I'm standing front flip that's not
too hard but could you do that I could
not do that I don't know if I could if
you don't land it you gotta pick a thing
to buy Hill landing I retired
oh he landed it no hand now who's next
okay for scissors let's do rock paper
scissors
okay all right I can't do it all right
rock paper scissors rock paper scissors
rock paper scissors
I'm flopping I'm fucking standing full
yeah kill myself you joking I can't even
pull on a trampoline Tanner I'm a
scooter rider I do you gotta go buy a
designer Jack I would not have to pick I
have to pick okay now you gotta choose
something about you you always want to
attempt it attempt is for me I'd be in
the hospital he's got it you got it
yeah dude that was it all right mix
these around don't look and then you can
put not all these are like your turds
keep going and done there hey hey
writing the scooters
okay okay we're just emphasizing our
movement because that's how we're doing
yeah oh we do um like you know it's kind
of have to document like Ivan TV show so
like if I don't like I'm going to the
mall and stuff like that have you heard
urban skipping I have not that it's like
that's our profession and I crazy clay
we do like made a somersault honest
honesty of spoke with mall management
gotten permission has the kids I never
thought to ask Google the mall that
guest services will direct you to the
right people all right so we're calling
them all right now because we can't film
here that's okay it's all getting kicked
out I was born in Chile guys I caught
this kicks all out of them all for doing
a flip they did a flip like right there
and the street for this man now what
he's out here kind of taking pictures of
the fans you know having some fun he's
doing a handstand we're just waiting for
the cops to come back he left
temporarily I've never understood if
you're not like doing anything to other
people why like ruin the fun we're not
doing anything this is a grass we're
chilling entertaining people I have
never understood what's wrong with that
and they're like you need to call mall
management get a past I was like okay
what's the number he's like they're
closed
I was like what I guess we're gonna find
another way around this he's like if we
find you again imma have to involve the
sheriff there so we're going back to the
truck to put his scooter why hopefully
the cop won't see us but I'm wearing a
pretty obvious outfit I don't know if we
gonna get this video done but we're
gonna try because it's all about the
vlog all right we think we are away from
authorities a tional personnel you could
draw something now okay
yeah there's no officer here I know
that's pretty risky business gift for
someone so that's like the only one that
says you gotta get a gift for someone
I wonder who I'm getting it for so that
we don't get kicked out of the mall
again we're gonna do all the flipping
stuff right now and then if you have to
buy stuff then we're gonna go inside and
hopefully not get kicked out and so yeah
he has to buy something for someone
let's get more intense right now my turn
to choose
I got this it's cool it's whatever I
can't do that it's like one of the
things like what the next key swing
through court okay I'm throwing this one
away I can't do that then what you can't
you know I cannot so I will show you
what it looks like after I'll try you
know I can only do one here it hears him
piss off he's just gonna be well this is
a specialty though yeah that's what it
look like it's not having it as you were
saying your first girlfriend for the
gift and I have to buy something yeah
you have to buy the whole story I have
to go in there and like awkwardly maybe
film in there and buy something for
somebody I'll buy something for Quentin
so whatever so let's turn again standing
back foot standing back open J got that
I don't know I don't know if you got
this did this kid he sucks ass like he's
not even he's barely gonna land it a
couple weeks ago like I was I didn't do
them in shoes so I think I'm gonna tell
ya take the shoes that take the shoes
off too scary with shoes Oh give me a
countdown I'm scared three two one go go
go do y go oh did you see that oh my god
all right Jake's turn again wait a
second standing back flip twice yeah you
have to land and go immediately into
another one well then oh that's possible
like bounce on the ground yes yes you
show him like that and then pop just
like that you got it no no to swing your
arms it's all in the arms but I can't do
it yes you can no I can't you're gonna
try you're not actually bouncing on the
ground
and then swings right into another it's
all in the arms I can't backflip 1000
that was good though I liked about it
all right sweet why am i buying two
things it's not fair because you can't
play a phone case like he'll buy a fun
day there you go there you go I need one
anyway so right now you have a phone
case and then a gift for someone
yeah all right there's only one thing
left should I take it or yeah you can
just show me it all right show me that
thing drumroll what is it what do I have
to do a quarter I just did one self to
make it a challenge since I know I can
do these I'll do like a pivot fork like
this oh yeah oh I'm choosing it for
Tanner he wanted that was actually the
most expensive thing cuz I wasn't gonna
put something crazy on there yeah I
wanted Gucci flip-flops don't lie did I
really don't ya I don't even get the big
height no you're happy about it I'll buy
him oh I think there's a good shoe store
here Isis really did two rounds each
that's four we're gonna do like an extra
round Guns and Roses I love you so we're
doing this thing where we have to do a
flip and if we don't land it way to go
buy something for a YouTube video and we
need an idea for the last flip so what
kind of flip like make you kind of hard
like I don't know what a flip is like a
back flip like like but like I'm not a
flip that we have to play it back 360 or
like a front flip 180 or yeah backflip
360 so much okay
and salt too good that's a my turn to
try fall I guess I'll do it if I don't
learn this back from 360 then we're
gonna do rock paper scissors and whoever
loses has to draw something out of hat
to buy for the other person do you wanna
come yeah it's kind of confusing but
you'll see deal Oh hands doesn't crack
so now what and what's not justice rock
paper scissors rock paper scissors now I
gotta buy jigs oh damn it why you so
good at rock paper scissors there's nary
there's three things left in here I'm
not gonna look and let's see let's see
what I'm gonna be buying Jake no that's
phone case here together
Gucci flip-flops there was that or a
necklace I was gonna make whoever got
the necklace one going to David Yurman
or something cool but alright fam so I
have Victoria's Secret and Gucci
flip-flops and I have to buy you a piece
of bubble gum he's got to go buy someone
a gift and then a phone case let's go do
it who's got it is there a comment down
below now that I have this hat the cop
will never find me guys we don't know if
there's a Gucci story er I bet there's
bubble gum but I'm not saying Gucci look
he'd be like right here but it's not
another funny thing is if we were
filming on an iPhone cop and everybody
came up to us just because we have a
high quality camera they're like no
filming but everyone has the power
filming here like they should all be
kicked out what the poce
oh gee these are sick nice phone case
look at this that actually that looks
dope it matches your shirt you're
getting that one oh yeah dr. pic I
purchased the phone case and now I'm off
to my next journey which is a gift bro
we're definitely not gonna be able to
film in here all right cameras going
away there's boobs guys this is the line
this is what we're doing for this video
oh my god I hate shopping and girl
stores I cannot stand it we are out of
here let's get a little reveal here of
what I got I have 136 dollars I bought a
beautiful night gown if any ladies out
here want this because I don't know what
I'm gonna do with it hit me up and
there's no Gucci store here we've asked
a lot of people so I have to find a kid
and bribe them is that the gift is that
you get right there oh that's dope that
is dope and too much money that's 500
money's right there 500 money oh my god
it turns out necklace purchases also
take a million years getting wrapped up
guys you're such a good boyfriend it's
happening Tanner you had to wait here
for 30 minutes yeah okay I just want you
to know that you made me waste I don't
know if you're getting that bubblegum
anymore
I'm not kidding either yeah you're good
that's perfect I how that's I got you
come on now he's still doing the flips
one more flip and savage gang gang time
to go to the truck now I don't think I'm
buying any Gucci flip-flop order I'm
fucking u5j chuckles we'll see
I just usin I'm gonna be banned from the
mall puppy I can't come here for a month
and if I do I go to jail I'm not bad am
I yes you're okay
we were gonna come here tomorrow no way
this is my mom's red truck with Luna and
Rosa's cage in the back these lights
screw with everything bro all right guys
we're back home I'm probably blue my TV
but um but yeah I think you guys are
watching this video and if you like
enjoy the food enjoyed subscribe for new
and I'll see you guys in the next one
oh you can do it muffle by weight by
weight almonds Instagram will be in the
scripture you guys want to go follow him
he's in the same thang you'll be doing
some sweet flips for us same with Jake's
Instagram you do YouTube no Tanner I did
so many flips
you just maybe
