good morning rose drew come here what
are you doing no how many of you guys
actually thought that was rose though
she looks pretty similar she's darker
she got a tan she lives out here what is
going on guys today we were back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day
we are still at this house where we were
last night I ended up here all these
trampolines and such it's been super
sick but today we are going to the dibs
warehouse we're going to where zach has
all the clothes we're going to be
jumping in to some clothes AK already
has this thing so that's kind of what
the hell's what am I looking at right
now oh my god oh my god yeah bro you
literally just see the ground
these are drunk goggles bye thank you
yeah let's do a little sash before we
got to go I don't think there's
trampolines where we're going
getting our healthy McDonald's breakfast
mom your head's in the way that we got
yesterday and I keep saying breakfast
like it's morning it is not morning it
is early afternoon and remember if you
guys want a chicken nugget all you just
leave a like and I'll give you my last
one I get really disappointed whenever
California McDonald's don't have the
medium cherry Fanta fries hey I think
we're here but we don't know where to go
we think we made it there's just a lot
of big buildings and yeah I was napping
good in my mom yeah I just want to go
back in my hood and hide good night
we're having a predicament because this
truck will move out of the wind we don't
know how to open a gate up there he goes
there it goes oh he's backing up for us
thanks kind gentleman I see him so
that's what we're jumping into right
there that's my friend Solomon he's way
better flips than I'll ever be so we
took like four we made like four basic
pallets and then created like this
border around the pallets and then put
like cushions and a big beanbag and a
thousand shirts inside way safer and
then I would ever make it good it'd be
soft as our foam pit and I'm ready for
it is this new I don't think I had that
one if it's soft I'll drop off there I
don't care I'm glad my socks were
already dirty because it's dusty up here
it is
you got the beanbag all right feel free
you did that big front foot ball of the
grass yesterday I think I'll just jump
from the top this is like Debbie Debbie
they get up on the rafters I bet WWE
just saw that's a fall to your death if
you drop yeah watch out for that box
because you could definitely fall
through guys we're so high up there's a
ceiling right here I want to take your
boxes off so I can stand better yeah I
don't know all right god I heard
something take the ladder back down up
guys look how dusty it is up here for
real
I can't even like scrape it off because
there's so much he's fine everyone he's
fun guys were throwing more shirts on
right now hopefully it's gonna be softer
you guys already know like back home we
we take the necessary safety precautions
we get a mattress and me a blankets
pillows we have shirts here I made Saul
go first because he's better than me
okay nothing he gives him he's
superhuman
okay I'm not I can break he can't he
tore his meniscus like a week ago and
now he's fine was that sound him
breaking the wood pallet underneath not
say he landed far you gotta like yeah
the middle okay yep you want to fill me
yeah okay they don't want to jump I'm
gonna do it from yeah did there's dust
all over my butt I'll do the boxes
I'm too happy for this I don't know how
you made yourself do this all you got it
80 phones on me right now let's go I'm
actually about to die we my microphones
already broken they'll get a bottom view
slick see how high it is yeah make sure
you line in the middle it's like it's
like actually landing on a bed yeah no
that wasn't that bad at all you're gonna
join the backflip on concrete Club
actually you invented it oh gosh holy
look at this box it's like slowly gonna
push down its gonna break soon I'm gonna
get a magical angle on this one oh
there's we're broke guys it's all just
shattered yeah Dom's holding the shirts
cast away time what landed it yeah leave
it like for this one guys
if I make it over my head and drop seven
million like if he doesn't make it over
his head like and comment yeah believe
in yourself
dibs closing you can jump off rafters
Thank You Zack we'll see you later see
ya what you guys thought I was leaving
without a massage we will see you guys
whenever the two and a half hour drive
and nap time is over how many hours
later is it not Lots guys look the
sunset is like happening right now like
where's our day gone we did one thing
now we have another random kid at our
house oh my gosh I can't crap in my
hands so we decided we're gonna explore
the property some more do some other
somewhat maybe fun stuff because we are
sick being in this car and we haven't
really looked around we've done a lot of
sitting inside playing zombies which is
not bad it's actually the most fun thing
in the world right now by the way no one
leaves the dibs warehouse without a dibs
shirt on like right everybody's got dibs
and this one even has hoody it's coming
out to your nightmares I love this me
too it's so damn soft it's almost the
softest rose who soaked and went and
what do you have in your mouth hope some
more concrete why do I keep finding
concrete in the mouth oh this is not
good what all is gone mom where do they
keep finding rocks
oh no oh they got the cushions from out
here guys dogs for sale part two Rose
rose get back here get back your head
give it give it more concrete I knew it
Rose outside go play outside
go play outside quit chewing on rocks
mom where do they keep getting the
concrete from I'm not kidding
what the heck guys I thought that my
dogs were like tearing at the stairs you
can see little things but the concrete's
too big to sit in the pool like I don't
know where they're getting it and
there's that stuff in the pool ah they
must be digging it up out here something
yeah from like right here
they're digging everywhere man my dogs
are freaks your freaks are we jumping
over the pool you're gonna flip the pool
why do you get to be a superhuman and I
get to be me you got all that energy
saved up even though we've been doing
stuff all day long
well not all day we've been sitting in
the truck Oh mom did you see that
related like right there I hate you for
that guys shot show than the ants I feel
like I should show them the ants guys
don't rent this house so we took all
this food out of the pantry because
there were ants in the pantry but they
just moved so yeah apparently my sister
shower was full of them yesterday
all right apparently part two because
you always do stuff twice which is
insane my gosh oh my gosh yeah three
times is fine as well yeah that's cool
just realize how dirty the dogs made
this bathtub died you say bathtub it's
basically the bathtub
the hot tub we're looking for some
shenanigans now because the sun's about
to go down we're just enjoying the last
bit hey Luna go back up to the house go
play with them okay because you can't
come over here and I'll trust you but I
love you still go to my house I'm
actually so jealous of our neighbors
house they have oh they have a huge pool
up there there's like the little deck
thing up there I just gonna go say hi
but you know learn how to go back to the
house what are you doing I feel bad for
her but I don't want to take her out
because I don't have a leash and she
would sprint look she's digging a hole
this she's about to get out go back Luna
do we have some fire ants who's getting
into the stings oh oh you can't be
holding a sting zoom guys are these
people's houses we don't know who they
are that's kind of trespassing we should
leave oh yeah dude you almost kicked
that that little one standing tree you
guys all have exploring shoes it's not
fair I changed my shoes and this is a
kid who gets random stuff tattooed on
his body no it's not random Tanner
lamar's you watch the vid all right rock
vibe session is coming to an end we need
to head back look at the sun's going
down anymore it's about to get dark and
scary and I'm pretty sure that all
snakes inside doors go to the house
that's the cutest thing I've ever seen
my tone is almost completely down girls
let's go inside come on girls but yeah
guys we're gonna go ahead in this video
hope you guys enjoyed it we were gonna
play some zombies and maybe eat some
more you know not cereal no cuz it's
covered in ants but yeah oh wait no this
is brand-new stuff not ruined yet that's
cool thank you Tristan for going
shopping but yeah thank you guys so much
for watching this video and don't leave
like enjoy the friends for you enjoyed
subscribe for new and
next one
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
