good morning what is going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day nothing wrong
with wearing the same shirt is yesterday
dawn I mean I'd wear this shirt every
day if I could but there's just so many
other dibs clothing I have to like
change anyway today we are gonna be
doing some flippers probably Dom's
assistant manager lady just left her
name is Sam so by saying but he is still
here and we are going to our friends
they have an awesome house that I have
never been to but he's been to and
they're like super good it flips as well
Soloman andrew they came to the meetup
so you guys might have seen them before
but today we're gonna be on to their
house they got a pool they got it I
don't know what they have actually but
we'll figure something out and that was
a good morning flash cake by Dom good
morning have a good big time rush hour
our favorite song so now we'll be in who
we are oh I messed up
goodbye Xbox we just got working yeah
you're coming with us right yeah yeah
first head Tristan you by Tristan who's
staying here to watch the dogs and
goodbye roads who smells like sausage
and sleeps with her face in the couch I
was kidding about the sausage she
actually smells like sausage go smell
her and tell me she doesn't you know it
makes me gag because it does smell it
what did you get socks this year yeah
what the heck we have strawberries in
cereal bro what do you been doing Miller
head alright let's go goodbye neighbors
I wish we were never gonna see him again
goodbye little lizards that roam this
state that I never see back home oh
you're quick aren't you we are leaving
our house we're not leaving permanently
we're just staying the night somewhere
else and it's hot and I cannot wait to
give back this rental vehicle to the
rental place because it smells and gives
me headaches I'll shoot guys we're
supposed to be at this place in two
hours EPS says two and a half my mom's
like I'm gonna beat the traffic yeah
gonna beat that traffic it's all the way
up there
we have been donald's oh so it's okay
guys if you want my last chicken nugget
leave a like
and we are stuck in traffic a lot of it
we're barely moving and we're gonna be
late but it's okay because we have Sam
Smith
right now I am missing the low-light on
my old camera well not old the new one
but I'm using the old one but it be able
to see me right now we're at like the
top of the hill in this beautiful place
I don't even know we should be getting
close to the house soon there's big
houses everywhere it says we're here oh
is that it because that's big that's it
oh my god mom that's big mom I'm scared
now oh I see a man that uh you live here
obvious that's not fair what start again
what dude
oh my god of course what up mom to do oh
the doorbells cooler than our house and
uh hi dog oh this looks like that one
house that we looked at whenever we were
like house shopping here oh my god damn
got the pool on the edge of the cliff
off the hot tub okay I wish this camera
I better low light but stuffs happening
right now
and then and then a blurred cast away oh
okay we're spin that ball spin it really
fast like that this place is so pretty
guys now I have to think of something
interesting to do yeah you got it yeah
Wow backflip on as wide as your feet are
oh my gosh flash like is this camera
kind of sucks but if you walk up here
from the pool go up here there's a
little balcony with two chairs where you
can snuggle with Dom your 24 year old
friend yeah whoever backflips on the
fireplace definitely gets the thumbnail
that's gonna be sketchy no Dom are you
doing it right now not right now I'm
gonna see if I can singe my hair first
I feel like a marshmallow where are you
going that counts you got it no way no
way
that's he'll do it oh my god I don't
know how you just did that oh my gosh
that's perfect how sewer wait for me
what's in there
it's your room okay I don't care about
your room let's go upstairs oh my god
guys look at this
the views over there you guys can't
really see it but there's the city what
there's this huge window you can see out
of well yeah you can see how the most
windows but you know I'm saying oh this
is the balcony oh you can walk out on
this if only the pool was right there
here I'll join you on the roof but
you're gonna be the only one jumping bro
that's so high this is like my balconies
height by the way so I've landed I've
jumped from my balcony with no foam pit
and I hurt like dough that's where we
were just in then there's another room
and then there's another room in another
room pretty swanky where do you live
dude from the back she looks like a
skunk and then it's a dollar
all right guys it is Hot Tub Time now
I'm gonna quit recording for a little
bit we're gonna hang out by the tub and
I believe we're going to your house
tonight stay the night good Wi-Fi cuz I
don't thank you for dinner and thank you
for letting me into your house cares
good bye super fancy house goodbye
little dago's hello car alarm I'm seeing
trampolines in the front yard looks
familiar
so that was Solomon's house and now we
are at Andrew's house whoa hi dog oh hi
oh she's almost as pretty as Rose that
clothes in the new basement you guys
have carpet now Wow
I wasn't here since January dang
check it out I remember we were doing a
ton of stuff on this wrestling mat you
guys ever wrestle on this Oh on a swing
set in the basement you know casual
backflip on all these pads let's do it
new merch Wow I'm not landed you got it
Wow time for a Q&A thank ya all right
guys I am hot from a flipping sesh and
we are about to do the semi weekly Q&A
that's definitely not weekly and there's
a smudge that's fun I'm very off and on
with these q and A's but I still like
doing am I like answer you guys his
questions connected with you guys don't
hope you guys still like them I hope you
guys like watching them and definitely
follow me on Twitter at burger at Tanner
if you guys want to be involved in them
I want you to be involved do you guys
miss Quinton and Dylan would you prefer
them to be with you in LA yeah it's
accident they can't be out here like all
the time because it's like annoying not
having them just be able to come over
but we're definitely gonna fly them out
and have them like come over and stuff
and we don't even know how long we're
staying here still so yeah
why is your neighbor so old and
triggered well she just doesn't like her
dog playing with other dogs cuz her dogs
too cool and whenever I'm trying to get
a thumbnail and I fall into her fence I
guess I tainted her grass has she said
anything to you this is a question that
I have not answered and forever so if
there's new people to my channel which
there obviously is I will answer again
what inspired you to do YouTube so I
actually started out on Instagram I'm
doing like flips and stuff like you know
like today has been and I basically only
posted the instagram did like flipping
edits and stuff and then one day I
decided I would upload a vlog to my
YouTube channel and then I had like my
five flipper friends be like hey that
was pretty good you should make some
more I think it was the Christmas vlog
or something like that and then I was
like okay I felt really inspired so then
I just kept making vlogs and then it
went whew that was in December of 2015
yeah and then I went from 10,000
subscribers May 29 to
Wow I was so cool my little cousin has
better crops than you how do you feel oh
my god then you you're not kidding do
you feel like your sister Taylor was
lowkey forced to do YouTube she's
sitting right over there Taylor were you
forced and even low-key I'm pretty sure
it was all out there yeah what is your
mom's favorite color purple Wow how is
life in California compared to Kansas
Kansas you sit around and I have to make
interesting things happen nothing
interesting ever happens and it makes
YouTube kind of hard to do but at the
same time I like Kansas because I grew
up that it's such like yeah Kansas is
there a perfect place in the world
I don't know LA traffic we drove three
hours to get here and I cut I don't
leave that in the video I made that like
little edit from our house to here to LA
like oh my god and it was a hundred
miles but back home that would have
taken an hour and 20 minutes yeah I just
want my car here and if I don't
absolutely love driving my car here like
if I just have to floor it and then stop
like all that horsepower no room to
gallop then I'm just gonna be really
upset would you prefer to be cold in the
night or hot let me tell you I prefer to
be cold 69 percent of the time I prefer
to be cold all the time because whenever
I'm hot I get like heat flashes panic
attacks and I hate that so and if you're
cold to use throw on a blanket you know
if you're hot what are you gonna do take
off the blanket you're still hot I still
see the questions that ask if I'm gay no
barely when will you get your alright
well I've been saying that some videos
but four days from when you guys are
watching this right I don't know anyway
it's soon explain to us a time when your
mom freaked out to a point where you got
scared whenever I faked my death I don't
trampolining I gonna get scared a little
bit did you know the freak out whenever
I was at the river jumping off cliffs
and didn't respond to you and then he
thought I was dead she yells all the
time you guys just don't know go to
sleep Kim I want to go to bed too but
yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here I hope you guys enjoyed
it and just freaking hot in this room
I'm gonna find a fan cuddle with it all
night long go to bed I will see you guys
in the next one car reveal is getting so
so close I'm so high for that you guys
don't even know like I'm gonna be
screaming in that video like I scream I
like all my videos I can't even explain
you guys there's only one like it in the
whole United States
sure there's like two others in the
world but there's like one like oh yeah
actually there's gonna be one like you
ever because it's there's only one but
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video and hopefully like enjoy this
recipe enjoyed subscribe for new and
I'll see you guys next one you just may
be
