whoa whoa whoa guys look at my backyard
right now what the heck I'm inside of a
cloud who's been vaping out here what is
going on guys
whoa what is on the lens can you guys
see that let me wipe it off my underwear
what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day good girl
yeah pee outside whoohoo hey I don't
know if any of you guys can tell but I'm
currently filming on the Canon a TD my
old camera because I was filming on the
Sony for a while but as you guys know in
my videos sometimes the mic is like and
I can't have that because it's just
annoying so I took my camera into the
place where I bought it and I had a
warranty so I thought they were just
gonna hand me a new camera but they took
it and they're like yeah we'll talk to
you in four to six weeks we'll get it
back to you I was like what the hell so
a good thing I have this backup camera
I'm gonna be using this I can see myself
in the little thingy and it's actually
really early in the morning right now
but I thought I start the vlog because
we're in a cloud go inside go inside
also Dom is here I slept with a man last
night I also slept with Luna Luna and
Rose Louise sandwich me last night not
gonna complain is pretty cute I'm gonna
go pee and then I'm gonna maybe go back
to bed I'll see you guys and everybody's
up anyway it's 30 minutes later now DOM
is awake we just did a photo shoot on
the roof here's some pictures or -
Graham Tanner brung our and I really
want to know why I wake up and my hair
looks better than it usually does and
I'm in the morning and I have nowhere to
go or anything to do because like look I
mean it looks alright I look like a
vampire and now I'm gonna take a shower
and ruin it so I really want to take a
shower and ruin it Dom I don't have one
is there a plastic bag in here I can
actually use there might be a problem
there's a subway yeah that's it I think
it'll work
I'm in the back of my head to get wet
see you guys a little bit it didn't work
I looked like a wait mom we need to go
on a mission today please pretty please
try to take a shower my hair gonna be
safe we need to go to gamestop I forgot
to take my xbox on here and I really
need to play games black ops 2 Guitar
Hero
blackout like I just need to play how
far away is the nearest gamestop do you
know nope 10 miles away we also have
confirmation that Luna is slowly eating
Rose as you can see by the map you can't
come in you're wet I'll give you a high
five
ready high five high five mom do you
think game stuff will take me seriously
oh yeah but I'm jacket yeah there we go
now they will Tom you better hurry up in
the shower
GameStop better be taking me seriously
or I'll be upset and we're driving dumb
because it's like an electric car but
never driven an electric car I get my
car back in five days I'm pretty sure
then there will be a reveal and I'll be
happy so this is a rental car I'm not
supposed to be driving this and less I'm
21 which I'm not and guess what the car
is on the cars on there's no at all
there's no startup it's just now it's on
has a little dial down here you can do
like reverse let's see how fast this
thing goes zero to 60 in 14 second that
was me flooring it with nothing Oh God
let's go get some game by the way guys
look at what is right by my house the
best drift spot in existence I
definitely want to try it out but it's
definitely someone's driveway that's a
maybe game style doesn't open yet it's
only 9:30 it opens at 10:00 and only six
miles away so we'll go see if we can
find the spot bro we can't drift through
this part it just it slows down when you
turn and try to go fast what that frack
and we still got here 10 minutes early
it's all locked down cuz that car so
fast
oh that's why I think I just drove it
fast as a top speed of 120 damn we left
with half a battery right like the car
has a battery whenever we got here it
was almost full it like charges itself
as it goes it's wild it's something dumb
why are you making me try this hummus
it's gonna be gross ah no you're gonna
hate it I love it I don't know
I love humming not bad one minute and
that is big Nick is my lock screen with
a gun
so not only did I not bring like games
to play I didn't bring my xbox at all
from home I'm not to buy a whole new
Xbox dude what the hell when did they
get such cool controllers back when I
was a gamer we had black or white Guitar
Hero World Tour warriors of rock guitar
hero 5 don't mind if I do
I think I might just get all three dude
they're definitely not gonna have a
Guitar Hero guitar here definitely not
dude where the is black ops 2 I
don't know what to do anymore doesn't
exist hey black ops 2 combo now we can
go put some zombies cuz my house is so
far away from everything and we sit
board all day how old you have to be to
buy this guys I can literally buy any
game I want now this is insane we're
getting that Xbox by the way alright
there's a receipt bro thank you thank
you guys guys he didn't even ID me I
think it was the jacket now let's hear
that startup by the way guys we got a
new pet oh it's so cute all Oh kitty hi
oh god oh it's terrifying now let's
clear off this mess and get started I
think we should let rosin low name cuz I
definitely just built that water
everywhere this is the weirdest Xbox one
I've ever seen pretty cool though you
like it beautiful dumb you better not be
trash a zombies he's gonna be trash -
zombies guys pray for me I'm a little
update after about an hour it's a zero
percent because it just restarted and I
don't know what took out five minutes
and a tail well health break guys I
thought this was gonna go fasters and
maybe I could play a game is Ami's you
know get warmed up for the day well
guess what I don't think it's gonna
happen I'm not gonna sit my room all day
and wait for all this place and I
hopefully it's done by then so what are
we gonna do today Dom we go see my car
you've never done that Dom's never seen
it I haven't shown him a picture now I'm
not going to because you need to see in
person and they get it back in five days
I'm actually down to go back to the
trampoline park do something like that
today tempest was really fun so maybe we
could head back that way we'd have to
find out what their times are though I'm
so bad at planning guys I'm so so sorry
yeah
what an urban girl looks like without
crappy clothes on by the way guys the
lady that lives over there because there
is a house over there is like insane my
dogs just went to their fence which is
also our fence it's like right down
there and then her dog was there and
they're like playing kinda through the
fence and then she starts yelling did
you talk to wait for my fence she
probably just doesn't like me yelling
guys I think this bull wants to race is
about to feel the wrath of my electric
car we are here guess what else I just
realized I can buy a rated R movie
ticket - you can you're 17 Exhibit D
dumb let's go get a reveal yes
iPhone vlogging what are you doing yeah
I'm or as soon as I get my camera back
without the messed up microphone and
also give you this room okay cool look
at how high off the ground it is it's
getting worked on right now no no we're
getting the hood done yeah my brakes are
getting fixed right now is that what is
that what's happening
yeah I'm measuring the rotors and our
cats to see if do all cars get rusty
right there all right
okay I thought mine was braking bro it's
kind of sad freakin bad and look at this
SUV Bentley Oh Mikey Stoke one of the
cars and one of one in the world look at
that what the
this is Dom's dream car right here
Bentley Tanner has his alright and you
know he loves that he has his dream cars
like this is gonna be my first big car
purchase do it yeah good bye Ferrari I
don't know where you're going but please
be my garage some guy at SC rap told me
to put my shirt on so we left I still
love SC rap though but we're gonna get
his car and then we're gonna go drift
for real before any drifting happens
though apparently DOM is gonna jump this
pool I've been thinking about it but I
just think I'm too small oh oh instant
replay oh you think I'm jumping that
screw you dude I'm not jumping that I
barely made it with a running start
there's five ran from all the way though
it might be able to now I'm going to
demonstrate that I definitely cannot
jump this pool so I have to jump at the
end of this thing three two one
I can do it Wow I did now I'm gonna
handstand walk inside like for that one
guys we were gonna go to a trampoline
gym tonight but then I just drove a long
time and then I didn't want to drive
again st wraps not that close so I
really don't want to get another car
Luna and Rose you got to go inside
because that lady's mean til it's here
and his friends here - hi Jake hi
everybody's name is Jake or Dylan or
Taylor or Tanner or everybody's the
golden retriever I don't get it what are
you smelling what's down there checking
that I'm so ready to hear a normal car
not no electrical guys windows are up
we're gonna do it this is a new spot
we've never tried out we don't know if
that's someone's driveway we're gonna
leave the spot oh yeah we think that
might've been someone's driveway so
we're just gonna leave the dirty car
alone for now we're getting out of the
streets
all right guys we are near the fence of
where my neighbor yelled at me let's see
if we can't get him to yell again so I
just try to start screaming poor dogs
not out so she's not out you know she's
probably just letting the dog out it's
literally our fence - we share this
fence I don't understand do not try that
at home guys your neighbor will be mad
we're getting yelled at by my neighbors
it's my fence - yeah it is okay I'll get
a fence then I'll get a sense okay okay
property
huh
I'll buy the coolest fence in the world
like it'll be like that where's a do you
know where the property line is so I can
get it installed okay wait so that fence
does separate our yard it's almost like
it's both of our fence then oh so it's
like a special things right on your
fence okay yeah I've never owned
anything in my life as long as we want a
few months ya know but like I can own
this place as long as I want we have a
month-to-month agreement hi We're Going
okay call him okay
is that all talk to you later they own
the fence they own the world but
blablabla you guys don't know nothing
we're paying to live in this house and
trust me I'll just keep I would keep
renting this house month by month to
make a mad but I like dude our
neighborhood is ridiculous mom I have a
new hobby play arguing with the
neighbors the guy's like 50 and he's
annoying I hope no fans rent this house
after we're done mom I just it's not
worth it can't wait to be out of this
area I mean it was perfect at first but
not anymore progress no way 34% oh my
gosh
something's wrong with his xbox I bought
it used that's why whenever you get
stuff refurbished something's wrong with
it so yeah every iPhone I've ever gotten
was yes so so I'm looking around and
there's this little guy over there
I mean the woods on his side he
definitely paid for that you know I'm
not sure but usually like a fence has
two sides there's two sides to every
story and in this case the fences bro
next thing I know I'm gonna be on my
rubies you'd be like get off that roof
like why he's like you looking in my
backyard man what do I now we need to
get like a megaphone and get up on the
roof he's got a whole new problem now by
the way guys don't think I'm like an
asshole kid because you should have seen
the way these people were yelling at me
this morning for my dogs going over to
their dog like their dog is barking
they're just playing she starts
screaming at me out of nowhere so it was
all in good fun I just thought it'd be
entertaining to argue with him which it
was so what okay mom tell him the big
news the second picture that came in you
guys know that picture I got from Hawaii
was bent well now I got a new one and I
got a hanging up in my wall so we got to
go home we got to go home now I'm
honestly fine with going back home for a
little bit because like if teleportation
was a thing that'd be cool and also why
did they cancel supersonic flights they
got you there like three times as fast
we can't decide if we like it here or we
want to move back or anything like that
I mean yeah well we didn't move here but
what I'm saying is ask us at the end of
the month we're staying here hopefully
it'll change never I get my car and then
I can just be like vroom vroom that will
be amazing but I'm gonna go ahead and in
this video here I hope you guys enjoyed
it thank you guys so much for watching
and openly Viking tried the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe you and I'll see
you guys next one
you just maybe
