what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day as you guys can tell I'm
still sick I've still got this bad cold
thing going on I'm pretty sure a lot of
you guys do too being a human in the
winter just kind of sucks hey Dom you
want to throw me that package thank you
to start off this video I want to open
this package I got from Minnesota from
Haley the girl I went and met this
arrived at my front door yesterday and I
wanted to save it for the vlog by the
way till and thank you you left this it
says fragile so no stabbing oh my hi
Tanner hope you get your dream car soon
I hope you enjoyed this one - congrats
on your success and enjoy the ride Haley
Stefan 128 Dean you're not gonna believe
what she says I know come here close
your eyes dogs keep them closed
keep them closed I look sorry I keep
coffee but oh my god it's really cool so
cool look and Ron was sharpie I don't
even know how she did this - the doors
open they opened let's go signature on
the sign everything now this really
makes me want to get the Lambo like
really bad well Haley if you want me to
get the Lambo maybe I'll just have to
sit and for now I'll I don't know I'm
starving my carpet I'm gonna set this
right here thank you so so much you
already know I got your back if you need
anything okay just let me know
that's what Haley said look right there
oh my god so sick it looks really gold
in the camera but it's so sick Haley
you're gonna make him on a Lambo I know
but like I'm trying to teach him
responsible hey you know what she taught
me you only live once you live life to
the fullest you buy a Lambo if you want
a Lambo go out and get what you want
yeah what was he gonna do something
important oh yeah you know how we have a
foam pit I had nine minutes of extra
GoPro flipping footage that I didn't
want to stick in yesterday's vlog
because yesterday's vlog was already
really long i edited for like four hours
still didn't get it up on time so I have
some leftover footage and I want to put
that in now of the foam pit because we
did some pretty cool flips and we just
left him out I don't want to leave him
out so enjoy an edit while DOM and I run
to Walmart right run in there
take him out all right yes we all right
no we're taking them all right
easy I don't have to go forgot that but
I was alright um I'm gonna take you to
one of my favorite spots there's no cops
windy roads some straight paths you're
gonna love it and I need some cinematics
because we have not done a car at it in
a little while
okay we made it to the road I get to go
one launch first okay dude
so I can take a pretty quick
that guy was kind of annoying get that
more gas more gas 30 40 % keep the
momentum keep it tight right side gasps
gasps now 1,100 brake hard
no brakes no gas needs they're not very
good no gasps no gasps no brake a little
bit of gas hundred percent full throttle
this one's so much shorter to the ground
this scene is
just realize I'm on the ground right now
guys you weren't even neutral throttle
left inside right $25 $40 40 40 50
hundred full throttle I probably this in
the video but I feel like the most
wanted driver I think you absolutely are
yeah I feel like a target everywhere I
go like I want to try this car some days
but I talked myself out of it cuz I
don't want to waste my time getting
pulled over it get into a car chase you
better make it like Need for Speed Most
Wanted you have like 80 cops attitude I
will whenever I will never try to outrun
a cop bad idea
Haley I'm really tempted by the Lambo I
still love this car so much but Haley
that was honestly amazing thank you it
was really cool I'm not scared to buy
the car I'm just scared of not loving
this one as much once I have that that's
basically the biggest issue what a
problem to have
so we are back home we just got back
home and we just filmed for videos
reacting family and friends react for
Facebook I'll try to leave a link in the
description I don't know if I'm gonna
remember but you guys will check that
out it's on my facebook I actually
really like I'm Dominus reacted some of
our old videos for it yeah that was a
weird handshake there you go and we are
on Facebook so hello I'm Tanner Bragg
dark from guard but braggin Rd this is
the series where my family and I react
to my old videos and maybe other videos
probably just mine I don't know I own
the rights to them so that's cool yeah
there's gonna be a few episodes every
month so I hope you guys enjoy it it's
gonna be a mess check it out Jennifer's
here DOM is going to teach another class
we're gonna coach some more and Jennifer
and I are gonna go drop off my Audi what
do you do oh yeah my tables weird I'm
not gonna see you again nice you come
and visit me at Mardi Gras true in two
weeks da mitrik dama flip carpet head oh
you sick bastard okay I'll see you in
two weeks are you gonna house it right
yeah babysitting this house tonight
I just remembered we're getting on a
plane in like an hour
alright we really gotta go drop off my
card you guys already know I'm doing an
appearance in Dallas Texas at their
biggest buckle store for dibs clothing
it's actually gonna be so much fun I
will definitely blog that so we'll head
to the airport but this thing has to get
polished it's got to be all pretty not
just in one section of it no you know
better than to be in my garage go yeah
that's right wait out there out out
alright thorough check is there anything
I need before I head out um well maybe
do we want to break it now or save it
all right we're good oh I think you
should find my truck and then I'll take
this oh you like this oh this wasn't
yours is that yours over there this is
the LTZ okay well I just got a gold
Lambo today that really made me want a
Lambo so I don't think a bond truck
right you do what you want charges your
iPhone 10 right there Wow well here's
these yeah finally Wow are you ready for
your one of your birthday gifts I just
might be I've given you zero of two so
far
if you wait too long no one's gonna know
it was my birthday it's in the guest
bedroom buddy come on stop see that's
here no stop
okay he has no idea guys me and my mom
said this I you can't see yeah
Dylan's bed in Quentin's bed okay come
in we couldn't see it come see it don't
see it look harder oh it's because
you're both 18 now and you're manly men
and if you want to you got a place to
stay
and since Dylan can't show up to be a
part of this video like there's nothing
but you don't get a good birthday
present probably me get back from where
we're going how about right now I don't
have it No now pose for a thumbnail oh
yeah by the way you'd sleep anywhere
else you don't have to sleep here
nothing small I put the bed in the
closet they'll have all this room for
activities Shh
don't overstep so guys we're gonna head
to the airport I want to put my camera
on my bag songs to carry it around so
we're gonna go ahead and in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it
thank you so much for watching the next
vlog should be worth about you guys at
the buckle store so you ready you're
going on you're going off I thought your
back full but I haven't taught you how
to fly it eh my fuck
you came in looking like that you just
made
