so I don't know what the problem is this
clip probably sounds horrible I have a
sandwich Dylan's here and I'm leaving
this clip in because my mic is broken I
need to get to know that what's new I
don't know dude every single week I
swear my mic just breaks nothing's wrong
with it just bought a brand new one for
the third time it's broken I had an idea
for my video we're starting it late but
that my microphone keeps doing this and
that so annoying so the club sounded
fine by here's the clip before that
today I'm here with Dylan Hawk he's over
there first your chair Fox is on his way
and you guys know Thomas right from the
Meetup well he's coming over tonight at
11 o'clock but this vlog will be over by
then so he'll be in tomorrow's vlog if
you guys don't remember him you'll
remember him tomorrow I'm in my
underwear I should probably put some
pants on because are white and then
you're gonna see my taters but I'm gonna
pull Paul off of the roof you got stop
the thumbnail in the title if I didn't
say it already
yeah I did say what's the only guys
never mind so we've been here like what
four days we've only dumped off the roof
maybe twice I wanted to take it to a new
extreme I have this pole here that is
for cleaning the pool the people who
rented us this house look off now
because we're probably gonna break your
roof and your pool cleaner and if mom if
you're watching this just click off too
because you're gonna yell at me later so
we're gonna take that pool and then
we'll like get up there and hopefully
pull the ball off and not hit there
there I don't know we'll see but I found
an awesome way to get up on here I put
this thing here so I can stand here and
then there's this perfect gate right
here just in on that and then you get
right up I'm starting this vlog so late
in the day because Dylan and I actually
already went to Best Buy like throughout
the whole day we like drove around to a
bunch tried to find this new camera I
want it's a Sony and I think it's it's
the Sony rx100 Mark 5 something like
that it's basically this camera but in
like a smaller form it looks really well
what the fuck did I just say it looks
really good so I'm just trying to cop
that I just used California words I'm
changing right now don't ya me saying
cop and stuff there's a new segment on
the channel called poor me featuring
Tanner Brinegar let me rattle off some
things wrong with my life I didn't pick
up the camera today because for one I
stood on my car we were told that we
were gonna get an update today and we
still haven't and yeah Internet is still
out they said they were gonna fix it
yesterday they didn't my mom took her
truck to go get her worked on I think
it's still getting worked on so we can't
we still have like one vehicle you know
still can't go anywhere
I don't have a third dog but I still
want to make a vlog today and we're
going to we're gonna freakin jump off
the roof
girl we literally bought this little
Wi-Fi thing it's from Verizon and it
literally is worse than my hot spot on
my phone so you know what I just
realized the only just realized I
realized something big bad or good funny
wait did you look down it's not that
funny I realized that I always talk to
my videos before we came here I was like
this is our last few days with the pool
this is our last day with the pool we
have a pool right it's right there
California pools don't need antifreeze
either my pool back home in salt water
heated this thing is just watered
it's like hose water yeah it's great the
dogs can drink out of it I'm ready to
get in the pool after ate my chips let's
just give it a little test swing you
know all those things already broken we
didn't break anything
I took a pole vaulting class for real
like I'm not even kidding I took a pole
vaulting class like two years ago my mom
made me go to it because she thought I
was gonna be an all-star you know yeah I
just talked to the camera now she's all
like yeah he's go to college
no she had me in a class with my cousin
we just yeah I was weird I never got to
the bhindi poles just the short ones
it's pretty sad anyway did it work you
get in movies you barely see that it
worked because you're so tall it should
actually work for me guys and I changed
my underwear by the way I have some
Arizona underwear on now oh it's gonna
be cold
look it's drinking water for the dogs
this is not meant for human swimming I'm
gonna run like he did but since I'm
shorter I should be able to you know get
up there oh I tried to pull myself up
you know like they would yeah but this
thing just bent in why do you have the
world's worst pole up on the roof do you
think yay a football team doesn't work
out you can be a javelin throw yes yeah
so we have two options lending the 3
foot deep in or hit the side so after
this inevitably fails we'll just jump
off my roof you do some flips for you
guys and edit you know hi cam we're
jumping off a roof mom with a pole well
I'm off to cleaner this Frick you jump
egde hopefully I can get my pole like
pretty close Helen Keller could clear
that gap three two one it worked did it
alright three two one
oh that was actually good yeah I thought
it was good all right time for the
flippin edit because that was something
all right let's big time rush Jam all
the way down at the end of the driveway
because my house is impossible to find
and Sanders here let's go Dylan I hear a
GTR
right Dylan bro you're gonna catch speed
down the hill I just did
let's resin who's gonna enter the sting
zone with me you know what the sting
zone is you ever seen brave wilderness
that YouTube channel that like goes and
picks up ants and gets stung oh it's
still alive I just saw it move
it's right there what the oh please
don't kill me it's big my dogs had it
today they might have killed it look at
that son now we are off we are going to
tempest the first place Tanner and I
ever met I'm going with Dylan you're
taking a cute pic right now cuz that
sunset oh my god Oh Dean no filter yeah
like a 40-minute drive we're gonna be
there I have some energy I need to
relieve that we're gonna go do some
flips why not we'll see you guys
whenever we're there five minutes late
damn holy crap guys that long drive is
over is actually pretty fun though I
showed him the true meaning of Big Time
Rush and why it's amazing then we
listened to the weekend and blah blah
and I now we're gonna go see if I still
got them flipper skills haha foam pit
here we go
still got it hit a double front one
frontier
yeah really
oh my god
better than hey hey let me do a triple
what Donna now I'm going to test my
trigger skills a little cork action like
a because you got it oh yeah I start
braggart you wait you wait for the drop
I'm breathing in foam blocks out here
I'm smoking the block on the Block in
the cut yo do a trick wad next
whoa Dillon I need to reel and this cast
away get it bro
dude you literally have spider-man in
the building he's not even gonna get the
six my stomach is all red from that
that's right believes dangerous my chin
my chin hairs a gun let me see if I
still got it on ground
I doubt it that believes about you up oh
oh okay
as you can see his legs are made of
steel
Oh looks like the only thing I do that's
why challenge
you be the judge
so do it the trigger way or the
gymnastics way trigger way picker way
yeah always trick your way
yeah we're what easy try the gym this
way - oh yeah go for it I mean they
buffered yeah Jimmy first ones better
but you know hey hold on I can barely
hear you I'm trying to find a sate of
secret room hold on okay I can hear you
now I think what's up he ended it
the guy said forgot Dhamma trick was
coming I'm chillin at the gym like an
hour and a half away from my house and
I'm a flipper though wait got Dylan the
other dibs hi you need to get up and
let's do it
don't forget though just because you
have dibs or you preorder dibs doesn't
mean you can't get cheaper Unger calm
March James is not merged dibs is a
separate project that will be successful
it will be in stores this stuff will
never be in stores this is one-of-a-kind
this is what we make and this is
completely mine dibs not completely
mined this completely mine so
your cars on fire bro all right guys we
are back home hi Taylor hi mom but I
just want to say thank you guys so much
for watching this video all the way to
the end you guys are the best
and yeah we will see you guys in
tomorrow's video thank you guys so much
for watching don't believe like enjoyed
the friends for you enjoyed subscribe
video and I'll see ya in the next one
and also if you still are watching right
now my car reveal it's gonna be a week
from today
you just maybe
