Luna's c'mere let me unhook you because
I kind of trust you come here come here
alright there you go run run free let's
go down the path because I saw something
on the tree the other day and I'm
curious we're off to see the Wizard
apparently all of this used to be
grapefruit trees as well used to be like
a little farm the drought killed it
though back wait to have wheat and
sunflower this is what I saw the other
day whenever we were driving up here
what the hell the little face and then
there was a where's that balloon we saw
I don't know if you can see it yeah it's
right there there's also like a golden
balloon maybe some things up there it
was someone's birthday and I let it go
and it got stuck yeah we're pretty sure
that Luna can't get through anywhere I
mean she's pretty small what the hell
why why she misses the farm back home
yeah even the little fences all of it
has like it's like doubled up even a
little you know the Nixon crannies so
you could definitely jump over that but
you know thank you our girls let's go to
the backyard
mom is that a new secret room in our new
house oh my god I don't have no idea
what that is it looks like I used to be
like a that's it so that's our backyard
and you can walk down this and I'm
pretty sure down there that whatever
that is is ours as well so we're gonna
go down there let's go there's another
face and another face this one's missing
an eye and another one this one's doing
whatever what the hell dude my mom is
like let's buy this place if we like it
not anymore
yeah we definitely are not gonna end up
here it's just a little bit too far ours
too far away from everything my mom
definitely realized that whenever she's
been driving us everywhere I think it's
for horses mom this could be a sink
trampoline setup I'm pretty sure it's
for like horses or cattle or something
like that we've got our own chin up bar
I was worried about that yeah yeah Wow
now we can do some parkour and get up on
the roof that'll break it's hot let's go
inside we're gonna have to find a happy
medium in between place back home and
this one this one too much land now I'm
tired and we'll never use it but back
home it's like too much house and not
enough lamp let me and good morning
sunshine I found a secret room who's
right here to see what's going on hunt
for some secret room is this here maybe
this is like a teleportation thing doozy
room oh she found me is locked
oh I wonder what's inside maybe like
some coats five minutes later I'm
shirtless there's rosenbloom no Rosa's
taking a nap mom is cooking up some
lunch you know what I realize from
yesterday's vlog we need to learn to
manage our time we've spent too much
time in a truck or whatever then I can't
get the vlog long and then ends up being
a seven minute vlog Oh yesterday and I
was so upset I was like bear with us as
we get used to it here and stuff I keep
using excuses but it's all okay because
we have Hamburger Helper which I used to
Haven are I really like for some reason
I'd rather drink this they need some
more McDonald's that would kill me and
you need it for fun yes you would you'd
eat the whole thing I always give Aluna
hugs and kisses come here would you say
I'm a grown-up
no anyway let's do an adult montage
my clothes are in here you can do the
rest actually I'm pretty sure much kids
brush their teeth you sleepyhead want to
go make use of that air hockey table
like go play your hockey yeah let's go
the garage doors not really open and
there's a really loud echo it gets hot
in here so I'm gonna play but these are
the weirdest paddles ever look at that
hey now we found out what we want to do
today and I have an aux cord adapter
thank God
dongho's can remain outside by the pool
please don't drown I trust you guys
we're gonna be right back
what the heck no mom that doesn't sound
good I bought the new truck mom it
was just a matter of time someone stole
this it's tainted it's ruined
walk what's get going I mean it's only
105 out here I thought it sounds like a
gun no way do it one more time I think
your battery's dead bro probably could
you left your truck in the Sun and it's
just boiled or something mom I was gonna
use the aux cord so we were going to go
back to old spots that we visited when I
was like eight years old we took a
vacation to San Diego a long time ago
and we were gonna revisit a place where
Tristan got like stuck in a bathroom and
where we like took a picture on this big
dragon and just have a fun day with that
but now I guess I have a part here that
we can use oh wait no SD rap
/ today in Memphis she wants to go back
to that concert for the third time a
second time I didn't go the first day
and I missed the first person that I
wanted to see before this could it be us
in our house all day below this might be
yeah if I had my car I'd be gone like so
we have three options everybody um we
can either get in over and do something
but that will cost like $100 for an uber
second we can we can stay here I guess
there's four options we could get an
uber to a car rental place even though
they're all closed on Sunday so we have
to go all the way to the airport one and
a fourth option the final one is to
actually go get a new truck no click
baiting you know but then I have to pay
for it round two of luring rows outside
come on
we ordered a new verse I guess we are
going hopefully the uber can fight us
there's the uber whoever found us first
winery I'm Rachel California helm
incorporated like that uber guy was
super cool I'm not looking at his face
cuz I want to forever think that was
Rocky Balboa Sylvester Stallone chillin
I think we're getting a small SUV from
okok even though I really wanted a van
again though the question is who's
laying down up here and who's laying
down
mom guess what
Gestapo from Big Time Rush followed me
on Twitter today you an OG fan bro let's
sing no yeah like a picture yes right
I'm just kidding well we figure out what
we want to do we're gonna stop by this
mall for Tristan he's doing something
with something and then we're gonna do
something don't know bro I just sent
here for a freaking hour waiting for
this to divine makeup and he goes right
back so we are on our way back to the
concert I know we're going for the third
time because of this one anyway so we
decided we'd play a game of never have I
ever recommended by my mom we played
this once it was with me and my brother
my sister and I and it was like a year
ago now and that one got like five
million views or something so we might
as well do it again I don't care and we
also don't have paper they hold up and
says I have a habit so if you have you
go ah yes and if you have really no one
hand yes do hand no who's going first
who's like asking the first one let's
get the ball rolling
I'll do it okay never have I ever broken
a bone pinky toe so I already knows this
is one yeah here's the next question do
any of you guys know what bone I broke
collarbone
wasn't it when you were like three and
you were in a car like that car wreck
let's talk about like some
never have I ever photoshopped my body
for Instagram no I never finished up my
body so do this plane no put my hands to
couples I have done some light face
tuning just the smoothness of my face
tailors turn now we save for five others
as you think five minutes later
all right Justin sir just say oh yeah
not easier when you like play in Vienna
this is spontaneous
never have I ever never have I ever
gotten a speeding ticket Oh hailey I
have loved me for over thirteen times
every a speeding ticket and never have I
ever liked girls
never have I ever went over to a girl's
house whenever she had a boyfriend never
have I ever tried marijuana without it
being blown in your face it was a
one-time thing
someone say something besides Taylor say
one I am legally yellow we believe I was
but when you had one for the first time
you worked one time there is left of her
beer in my dad's drink and I totally
said to them ever have I ever had
diarrhea in a public bathroom everybody
has never have I ever
unless like touch lips with a person
when you were sick and you knew it but
you didn't give a you know what I'm
slowly realizing about this what we
don't know anything about Justin's life
well there's some stuff I say than
Taylor's like are you serious I'm just
like no I'm kidding on that note we're
gonna in this segment this blog don't
forget like and share the fun if you
enjoyed such a guy video and I'll see
you guys the next
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
