uploading my video now the Wi-Fi here is
kind of I'm trying to plan my videos
earlier but if any videos are light that
is why I like it's not my fault it ain't
my fault my mom is right out there I'm
gonna climb on the roof and jump in and
like scare her I gotta set up my camera
that's gonna have to find a way to get
on the roof from the front yard she's on
the phone in the backyard I'm gonna pull
her truck forward a little bit and he'd
get hard hopefully she didn't hear that
I climbed from the front did I get you I
feel like I should wear dibs to this but
you should look I got dibs right here -
dibs dibs dippity debuts you mean
wearing it did snapback show off my guns
and my roses which I wear my socks are
the cats on them no that won't match I
don't know why I just put in gum because
I I have not worn my retainers in three
days and they got chewed up on my dog's
I chewed on my toothbrush - so shadows -
Zach for hooking me up anyway I'm warm
in three days probably in her League
away yeah I'm out of here because we're
going to SP rap can i I'm gonna check up
on my car me like yo mom jeans I don't
think I brought jeans anyway I will see
you guys I see I don't anything
interesting happens in the car Oh what
the hell is that what okay real quick
before we go nap time for the dog goes
and here's the complete outfit we got
the dirty Z's that kind of not really
jeans or sweatpants or bit and you got
some white underwear how I'm calling
because I'm all
I have a gun to register because I like
eighties music and I wish I was born
then and I don't know why I'm going to
this post Malone that's why oh and
something I did want to say is that
we've been using my mom's truck only
it's like our only vehicle so anywhere
that we want to go we have to chair one
vehicle it's ridiculous another reason
why I need my all right back hopefully
it is within a week or I will die it
hurts the hairy general I don't like it
guess what guys well for one we're
almost Esther you're having to I just
got done talking to Ethan Dolan and
Taylor might be meeting and and I they
are her idols mostly she just wants to
bang them so do i they got really hot so
I had to take my pants off so give me a
minute but we're here by the way no one
past this point it looks nice coming
together I'm gonna try but there's no
logo right now on it mom I think this is
my logo right here oh yeah I'm gonna put
this on my lanyard and just put the
little one on my car all right let's go
I'm using my mom's jacket to shield the
Sun from my eyes she's driving she's
super tired too though she's driven a
lot in the past few days but uh it's nap
time for
not Taylor though cuz Taylor's ready to
meet the Dolans five minutes late Dale
so we have new wristbands this time
these wristbands get us back where the
artists are last time it was backstage
but this time it's like artists
backstage Zach was just hanging out with
the weekend Quentin I'm so sorry his
favorite artist I really want to meet
him but I really want to meet post
Malone because he's like the coolest
fucking guy ever
I will wait as long as I have to I found
Dylan we found phase adapt I'm also
about to meet phase rain my childhood
youtuber favorite youtuber Janardan chat
there's buzz below everybody
there's so many fucking people following
us a train
I don't even know what I'm chasing no
mom we have to mystery men right here
we're getting backstage I hear you go
we're gonna go surprise my sister I'm
still high for this
I guess the Big Brother award
then
guys there were actually ten-year-old
smoking weed in there
I don't know how I feel about it but
we're heading out early I already saw my
favorite person that I wanted to see and
I know this vlog is very long yet so
we'll find something else to do
oh and one more thing the cache me
outside girls here but she had a
bodyguard if I like he's known for like
being willing to fight people but what
the fuck here we come poppers
let's see they're gonna freak out that's
a bathroom I'm hungry I'm making me a
boss cereal otherwise shoes getting
worked down mom they were supposed to
you see real time we had some ants in
our house in our pantry and stuff so we
have one thing of cereal left I was I
was kind of rooting for a frosted flake
or something but Froot Loops is good
enough no no you might as well give up
you might as well give up you're not
getting them bro is this the only reason
you're in here hurrah
are you going to bed yes I are you gonna
sleep for a day yes she's been driving
all yeah already said this you're tired
just freaking take care of the dog in
the morning that's all I ask
like I don't want to leave this room
till like 10:00 I don't want it probably
won't be me because I sleep in a me ooh
bad habit that they like me did you not
see me jump on me I'll take care of my
thumb up come on that grind I I wake up
pretty early oh my god I just looked at
Taylor's retainers and I remember that
miner in your truck I took a mountain
there in a napkin I definitely would
have had these thrown out someone would
throw them away and I need to wear some
ID don't get ugly in my mom what's your
charger I'm a good son so I've been
feeling a little bit better I probably
sound like a little bit more like myself
probably because I've actually been
taking some medicine so Karstens the
only one that's not sick can I kiss you
no but I was sick before this trip so
goodnight everybody
I hate you all right guys we are about
to turn on the TV we are about to relax
aluminum's tired I'm tired we're all
tired we need to get on California time
I love you I love you roses like got a
tire bro mm thank you guys so much for
watching this video thank you guys so
much for watching all my videos you guys
mean the world to me honestly like
here's Luna and then like here's you
guys just like I'm not even kidding look
now she's pissed I'm sorry I'm sorry
mmm but yeah thank you guys so much
watching this video don't really like
and share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in next one you just may be
