day three of being sick and day three
still vlogging what is going on guys
today we were back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day my
grandma is gonna be here in about an
hour and a half and then we are going
straight to California my family started
to drive there yesterday and I was like
yeah I'm not getting in that truck that
would be horrible so I'm flying my
sickness is progressively getting worse
but I'm gonna tough through it because I
didn't give I'm actually packing my bag
of reasonable time before we leave for
once taking all this important stuff you
know most my stuff started with my mom
but I'm only gonna bring a backpack my
flight leaves at noon it is 918 and then
I get there around 4 o'clock their time
and Dylan Hawk is picking me up if you
guys know him and I better not leave out
this bowl oh my god that would be
horrible the whole month imagine the
science experiment hello that was my
last vitamin I better be able to fly
tomorrow I literally finished this whole
thing you better give me some
superpowers let's go to the airport
thank you for taking me grandma flying
alone kind of sucks but it's way better
than driving still because it's way
faster I have a blanket and I downloaded
some Big Time Rush episodes
flight got delayed another hour
might as well strap these bad boys on
you already know I brought them these
are the only way to make traveling alone
better
Luna wants the hell out of this car so
where how far away's our house thing
hour-and-a-half
I guess Rose can sit on me cuz I'm not
driving so we are on our way to the
house right now the rented house and
bless you we're all sick now
awesomesauce I'm gonna continue this
vlog tomorrow because I didn't upload
today which is yesterday to you guys I'm
so sorry I'm Laura youtuber ever I was
sick I was traveling no internet all
this BS we'll have the house reveal
tomorrow when we're all settled in by
the next day oh that's my camera out
here last night and it's cold ah I
cannot wait any longer for what to show
these people this house go ahead I feel
sick and died do you feel sick you feel
sick good night you'll get more than
four hours of sleep welcome to the sick
pool by the way guys it is morning now
first of all my bed is so freaking Soph
they got a great night's sleep I'm still
sick but this is the new house in
California it is so sick is perfect for
everything that we needed perfect for
the dogs perfect for like a first house
here to test out living wake out of shed
bro but I'm walking down the driveway
right now cuz I want to show you guys
like how much room there actually is oh
god they're not supposed to be out come
on come on
so that whole thing's our driveway I'd
like goes and loops and blah blah blah
to the road and then it goes all the way
up there and this is all ours guys I
taught in my last video my last day as a
country boy that's false dude this is
like a new beginning of me being a
country boy inside girls inside yeah
they don't have colors anymore so inside
yo are these lemons what the Frick is
this dude those are lemons bro and they
have ants on them but haha we got lemon
anyway yeah there's a shed I showed you
driveway loops around there and here is
the house you're looking at it and
you're like it doesn't look like much
Tanner at 594 you're really appreciative
that we have a house at all and you're
really nice person anyway it's super
sick inside I'll show you guys whenever
my mom showed me a picture this house I
was like mm-hmm but I freaking love it
look we got turf in the front yard Rose
come on inside I just realized how many
lemon trees we actually have dude we
have unlimited lemons inside girls girl
oh yeah another thing is I can be as
loud as I want anyway here's the living
room house it's pretty sick it's like
the first living room I guess pretty
freakin sick in here we got a dining
table walks into the kitchen and then
here's the second living rooms got the
TV this goes into the backyard you girls
been going to the backyard well too bad
I'm not revealing that yeah pretty sick
kitchen this is my mom's bathroom and
then the laundry room and here is the
garage
we got a ping-pong table we got foosball
we got a laundry room and here's my
mom's room goodnight Oh looma staying
with you fine by me
wait what do you have with it what do
you is that uh she has a dead lemon give
me that and if you go from the laundry
room it goes straight outside here's
like the dog space it is perfect because
it has a small gate that is just amazing
and from the kitchen you can also walk
outside and then look at this this is
like the actual backyard and then the
dog can like stay over there and then
like not ruin stuff but okay on to the
bedrooms right down this hallway so
first room Justin's room hi second room
Taylor's room no Taylor interestings
bathroom and then finally my room my
room is so freakin awesome it's got this
couch it's got this soft ass bed it's
got all my tissues cuz I'm sick as a dog
I have a big closet pretty and probably
not going to use it anymore I love my
bathroom - there's the subway I had last
night
the shower has like a
I up there look at whatever you call
that sunlight something something got
that window I mean it's basically
perfect and the best part you walk out
from my room straight into the backyard
guys check this out it is amazing we got
the hot tub we have the pool they're
about the same temperature the pool is
so warm what what girls what do you
girls went into the backyard
alright come in come in oh my gosh and
then here is our view guys it looks so
much better in real life but like the
sunrise this morning cuz I woke up early
cuz I'm still in Kansas time was so
freakin beautiful it was so sick we have
more lemon farming places over there I
guess and our backyard doesn't in here
like he goes all the way down along
those trees and down there we have three
acres back home our entire house and our
side yard is one and a half acres we
literally have twice as much land it is
so sick and we already jumped off the
roof into the pool last night you guys
already know here's a clip John is there
some serious Running Room up here oh
that is so sweet we don't know how deep
is we don't know how cold it is let's
send it oh it's gonna be cold guys oh
gosh
that was not intense at all compared to
like the normal normal stuff you do yeah
it's pretty deep probably five feet ever
I jumped in I felt all the mucus in my
nose like hit my foreheads oh yeah that
actually feels nice yeah it's actually
nice
this pool is literally filled to the
brim guys we jumped in it last night and
it splashed hard I think the pool is
like five feet deep but it's good enough
dude what do you girls want to do today
well actually I have to go to California
I'm going to that celebrity counselor
therapist person my first session with
him I think it's like a two-hour drive
but ask me if I care no this house is
perfect it's like a combination of
Kansas in California and even though it
is like pretty far away from everything
that's what I wanted like I love this
place so we're staying here for a month
we might buy a house here and we'll
still go back and forth you know I don't
think I'll ever live in one location
forever I'll always go back and forth
right Luna they hated the car right here
they want to stay somewhere don't you
don't you oh yeah we got a fire pit by
the way but yeah guys I'm so thankful
for this house it's so sick oh it's 8:00
in the morning they're doing their first
swim right now I'm surprised they didn't
jump in last night oh come on no Luna do
you know what attacked her when she's
not now okay that's awesome
I've never seen him get out like that
dude that pool is filled at the top
that's why they could do it and also
guys my mom and I were talking this
morning and we're like why can we have
so much back home for one I stay in the
basement and that's like you know the
same size as this whole house which is
completely fine for me I basically stay
in my room I don't use the move room or
like the downstairs kitchen till Tiye
that many times whenever I stay home
alone without the dogs are my family I
was pretty sure someone was sitting in
the beanbag room of the Strawberry thing
living in there or someone was like you
know there could it's just too big we
bought it for clickbait it worked for
clickbait stills good clipping I mean I
like it but I mostly it's like my
colorful room I used to but then I moved
everything for a picture that was being
I'm gonna enjoy my cereal I like I
literally love the view more than like
having a big house back home and I get
my out here
like this would just be perfect in my
opinion I don't know we'll see what
happens but I know what's gonna happen
for now meaning the cereal aisle how
nice is it driving your own truck
tonight look at what the dogs did
there's a blanket in the back for a
reason care guess what my lanyard kind
of matches my shirt Wow and boomer
already basically in Los Angeles now so
that was actually faster than what we
thought the drive wasn't that bad and if
I was in my Audi all right we'd already
be there as of like 15 minutes ago I
just got off the phone and it's
apparently gonna be like another week
get it end up being like eight weeks
without my car you know how long that is
eight weeks we even got here a little
bit early we're gonna go in there talk
to a guy and we'll see you guys after
five minutes late there we are back that
was pretty cool
now we're going to a concert I don't
really listen to rap music that much
this is a day-and-night concert that's
the name of it I don't know if it's
actually day and night whatever um no
matter why I'll smile and wave and be
like keep on going yeah and then
everybody else around me would be like
Quentin and me
dude that stadiums big huh is that a
baseball stadium dude I could totally
hit that out of the park angels stadium
there it is everybody I already smell
the Mariners guys this is
ten
I'm just gonna hang out here bro Thanks
out here getting lit I think if I ever
get a high in my life besides like the
dentist it's gonna be here I already
feel like sick and my mouth is dry Dylan
Hawk is on his way here we got him to
backstage passes as well and he'll enjoy
it a lot more than me I'm here for the
social aspect and the dibbs boy so as
you guys know I am one of the owners of
dibs clothing two other owners one of
them is Zack over there
you know exact the other ones Courtney
the guy with the backyard cliff you
already know he has done a lot of
concerts in his life like he loves
putting on shows he pays the artist to
show up right well all of this was
Kourtney's the third owner of dibs
absolutely insane absolutely incredible
guy the guy doesn't even go home to his
20 million dollar house because he loves
working he loves doing stuff like this
and now it's this huge thing and we got
dibs everywhere hi guys it is getting
dark friends are on their way we're
having some fun so I was getting the
blog now I will see you guys tomorrow
hopefully enjoy this video new house
would be else thank you guys so much for
watching this video I don't believe like
if you enjoyed subscribe for you and
I'll see you guys next week peace out
you just maybe
