Hey
anyways since they're driving they're
all taking like a hamper full of our
clothes and then I think a bag full and
then all like obviously flat mounted
stuff but I'm sending a lot of my
clothes with them so right now that's
what I'm doing I'm choosing out my
clothes
this is dirty stuff that was already in
my hamper so I just left it so right now
I'm filling the rest of it and the other
suitcase I got to decide what I want to
take guys I don't really know I got
these I got these and I got these all
month to pack shoes
I'll take these shoes and these shoes
I'm keeping my Crocs on hand though hey
what else should I take these just in
case I meet a girl and we have a baby
within a month yeah this is probably
gonna take a little bit I will just see
you guys than ever I got all this
figured out Tristan brought his whole
room there's now tarp over the back of
the truck they're gonna piss all over
your truck all over it and then you can
actually get rid of it see you next year
goodbye I'm gonna go light myself on
fire and jump into the pool by home
alone part two and I'm even more sick
this time guys it's gonna be the last
time in this movie room I didn't really
use it that much
I'm actually really gonna miss this room
I'm not gonna miss this shower
I'm gonna miss my tower but it's gonna
be alright because we are gonna have an
awesome time in California and we can
come back to these things whenever we
want like if I'm sitting in California
one weekend and I'm just like I want to
jump off that and then I'm gonna come
back and do it we still own this house
let's do our last Kansas edit for now
elio mom now I've never been this bored
in my life I already put my truck away
and did everything I had to do and armed
the security and I'm already sitting
here doing nothing and my throat's
dollard's like I'll figure something out
bye so we just went to Dairy Queen we
just got some food and guess what I come
back and I see something on my porch
let's go upstairs you see that that
really big package you know what upsets
me about this what i sat here for like
two and a half weeks three weeks waiting
for this right it gets here and I leave
tomorrow so you can't look in let me
just sit in my room see it in a month
we'll get it inside we might look at it
I don't know if I should take it out of
the box or not guys you gotta take it
out if this made it here this morning I
could have sent it with them in the
truck but now hey youtubers no no no
shout out to the postman that likes to
bend the metal frame what the fuck's
wrong with you
snip snip these aren't scissors let's
keep lifting best part about it it's a
bit like a mother how fast we're gonna
have to do some reconstructing you can't
see that yet the fridge had to be
removed as the first order of business
and there was already ice cream and
you're all along and some oranges that
are beyond moldy oh my God look at those
grapes there's old man balls in my
fridge you what a great idea my room
rightfully at least it'll be cool for
when someone breaks into my house and
takes it off I wouldn't recommend doing
that we made that look quick that was at
least an hour
it's 4:30 oh my god that took forever
since my bed moves up and down you know
taco bed put the grey part we had to
lift it up and turn it I was the worst
now we got to figure out a hang up the
painting when you spend a couple
thousand dollars on a painting and then
it comes back like this actually look at
how big that is guys what the heck so I
still feel like I've been sick all day
all my friends are sick and I was kind
of hyped because I was like sweet we'll
move the bed my room will look cool
it didn't look cool the broke so I'm
kind of pissed so I'll see you guys I'm
not pissed well we wait for me to get on
pissed here's
clip from yesterday's video that somehow
didn't make it into the blog I mean
since your old tag here because I don't
know who remain is mom explain this in a
dumb down way SD rap yeah overnight into
your tab I tagged the post office was
guaranteed to have a year by Sunday it's
not it's freaking loss so I have no tag
to switch for your new tag are you
telling me I'm not getting a big mate no
click period for your car mom I need to
break something right now what oh you do
that was sick mom oh my god take this
plate real quick thank you guys most
Kansas license plates aren't ugly in
blue and they have that bullcrap
look that's gonna look so sweet on the
alright you guys don't even know ya
Maja's Road skater that is all I am BRB
so I'm a little bit less pissed now and
I just still need to get something out
of my system hold on
let me grab my phone real quick I still
need to get some out of my system that's
cool
stop by my dad's house real quick cuz
I'm not gonna see him for a month so I'm
gonna say bye to him and I think he's
given us some ammunition because we're
gonna go to my grandma's house and we're
gonna say bye to her and then we're also
gonna be shooting some guns because
that's the only thing to do when you're
pissed you know I want you guys know
that everybody has bad days no matter
what you do I'm just saying I'm gonna be
straight up with you guys I'm gonna be
honest with you whenever I'm feeling
something and I mostly just want this
sickness to be over with I'm so sick of
it I literally barely breathe and I need
to spit on my window so BRB you think my
music loud you just wait til Quinn gets
here nice to freakin see ya ah thank you
these are the real deal everybody all
right let's go shoot some stuff Oh what
the Oh
okay guys we made it here and for one I
need to quit speeding so much that was
on a really private road by the way like
the last stretch before you here cuz now
I gotta wait on Quintin but anyway
yesterday's video you know how we stayed
the night at our old house Leslie is the
girl that owns the house now she sent
this to my mom it's a picture of her dog
looking through the fence and says he is
on murder watch get it because our old
neighbors were murderers that they were
on asleep pretty scary so that is not a
joking matter
I hear Quinn's music all the way from
here oh my gosh listen I can hear the
bass that's awesome let's see if
anyone's here this time wait where's
that cat that hates me hi kitty that
hates me hi I have a mo this time so you
better come say hi you will not let
anybody touch her I don't know why if
you get your hand near her shoulder
sprint and cats are fast hi guess what I
brought ammo so we need a gun now though
yeah let's do it
thanks for the toast and we got a gun
you know your Grandpa's a savage when he
gives you blue juice and also whenever
he's allergic to bees and he has four
beehive thingies over there we've got a
big metal contraption and we have a
squirrel or something right there I
think it's a squirrel yeah it's like a
little sticker and then you shoot this
and then ricochets down onto the ground
yeah we got a pistol in here too
brand-new and we're gonna make some
noise I've never shot this gun I don't
think I only shoot the little pistols
want to make sure the Safety's off this
girl's about to meet its maker dude ding
I hit it oh I shot right above its head
two for two they waited that one hit it
I think so yeah got him then you killed
him oh dude you got the sticker off it
let's go look dang dude Snickers gun
these guys got the m1911 from black ops
1 he's another oh that was louder
whenever you say kappa for
stop stop I could dude you unlock
sleight of hand bro our third and final
gun is a 12 to 12 gauge shotgun all my
gosh oh it smells bad bro I shot that
thing off oh dude dude look it's gone
hold up
look at this thing it's smoking bro the
whole thing's gone I hit it and this
thing's hot low key going in for the
kill even though there's nothing to kill
cuz I obliterated that squirrel with
this voice I could be a radio announcer
he's a steady aiming right now we've got
to turn off safety here you oh there he
goes
subbu yeah I now we are waiting for a
dove or some sort of flying animal to
fly over us we don't know if we'll find
anything but we're gonna wait and be
patient come on hide in the pile of wood
so no bird see us in this woods about to
be my tripod cuz we're all shooting if
you hit this bird you get six gold coins
oh you got one drive some I throw
healing stuff it's it's honey tea and
cinnamon or something like that it's
gonna cure my eye Alice oh yeah feels
like I'm swallowing that mucus it's
pretty good though oh my god I'm cured
oh yeah new prescription lenses or
Taobao right now I'm sitting here I'm
having an actual meal for once because
all I do is go out and eat some some
fast food and it makes me feel like crap
probably goes into you know a lot of
things and sometimes it's good to have
some green beans mashed potatoes and
whatever that is I see hot dog and rice
so thank you thank you guys so much for
watching this video and don't really
like and sure the friend if you enjoyed
subscribe me and I'll see guys next one
yeah
you just maybe
