that's throat numbing spray guys because
I am pretty sure I like strep throat or
something like bro I could not sleep
last night there's a bunch of tissues on
the floor like I had to prop my bed up
so maybe like the mucus would run down
like I just feel horrible but I'm still
gonna make a vlog so what is going on
guys I hope you guys are all having a
great day yeah we leave for California
in just a few days now and I still can't
decide if I want to drive in the car
with my family for like the two day trip
where we stop at the hotel it's gonna be
both the dogs in the car my brother and
my sister and I all of our clothes and
stuff like that or do I want to take a
plane and then like I don't know not sit
in the car I feel like if I'm in the
truck it'll just be one more person to
make it even more cramped so I don't
know how did it help guys I don't know
what to do airports by yourselves pretty
boring and so is like I mean anything by
her so I was born but so sitting in a
truck I don't know but today I haven't
no clue what we're doing sleeping would
be nice I'm still tired but I can't fall
asleep because my throat I think I'm
going to the doctor at like 2 o'clock
today so that's that's cool I'm gonna
try to eat a bowl of cereal because I'm
hungry
it is buddy's good day I had to stop by
Dairy Queen to get one of these I always
get these when I'm sick I start baby
banana smoothie is like the best thing
you can do when your throat hurts but
also my credit card was shut off for
some reason though I had to pay with
coins that was awesome and I'm currently
watching Caspar Lee and the don't wins
he has his love the Dolan twins and I
just got off the phone with my mom and
she says that I'm gonna be flying and we
just bought the tickets San Diego I'll
probably stay with Tanner Fox or maybe a
hotel something like that and wait for
my family if I get there before them
they're leaving Wednesday which is
tomorrow and then I'm gonna leave
Thursday so I'm staying one more night
by myself but I'll try to survive
oh yeah thank God we are getting a
security system in cell today like an
actual one this was was this one already
a security system yeah yeah we had one
before but it was just and we have stuff
in the kitchen like there's ladders
everywhere like my room the guys in my
room right now pretty sure see we're
getting this set up everywhere so
there's gonna be cameras inside I can't
walk around naked anymore no too bad I
like being naked yeah they moved my
beanbag and stuff and it used to only be
like the fire extinguisher or whatever
and then they just added that one that's
the new thing I don't know how it works
like now I can't get naked in my own
room I'm still gonna get naked I got
this hat for Tristan and the dogs two
days the Bob's Burgers hat oh yeah I was
gonna I came up here to ask you if you
film me working out good bye Chester
thanks for uploading my video I'm taking
these with me hi guys this is my doctor
dr. Palacio came in here complimented me
on my shoes again last time I was
wearing Easy's they used to match my
shorts but they're turning purple anyway
respond my throat yes but of course
he said he's gonna give me a coupon for
an ice cream cone so I'm hyped for that
although getting your throat swab does a
kid was pretty scary like I just look
over and see the smiling flowers and be
like it's all gonna be okay
we're all good it came back negative and
I got a free ice-cream thing let me know
if it comes back positive tomorrow which
you doesn't think it will and guess what
I had an idea since we're gonna be gone
for a month and I've already experienced
basically everything I can in our new
house I wanted to go experience what I
can in the old house we have permission
from the new owner of our old house her
name is Leslie and I'm gonna go over
there probably with Dylan - Quinton
we're gonna do a 24 hour overnight
challenge it is 2:30 right now let's do
it I'm really excited but the hole that
the trampoline was in they filled it up
and now I think it's a basketball court
or something but I'm really excited
let's go do it just stop by chick-fil-a
the people there are really freaking
nice by the way and listen right when
you open my door now do it all there was
happen it makes a little ding which
scared me the first time but I need to
go check my mailbox see if my tag for my
cars in clickbait license but you know
y'all boys got his throat spray his
cough drops and some bleach because
we're going to my old house where I used
to make a lot of bleach jokes I'm gonna
be like the only person in California
that has a golden Kansas license plate
Wow let me get my old parking spot oh
yeah I see that basketball go in the
backyard y-you could have put a
trampoline there I don't know why I'm
walking in your garage but it felt
natural God you made this house look way
better holy crap Oh ROS and Luna how are
you oh my god God look dude we used to
have a ghetto basketball goal I would
fall over
Rose hated this dog do they I thought
they liked each other
dude whenever we moved in here there was
no pool or anything just that concrete
none of this like it was just that and
then we made that and then now they made
all this dude this will be all night of
us walking around confused yeah I feel
like I did this for some reason why do I
feel like I made this rock red I don't
know
they keep the pool pretty clean and yeah
they got a new table bro let's go check
out my room is the storage room still a
storage room yeah yeah way cleaner than
ours was homeland come on guys here's
the new downstairs we never had this
that's not fair I never had those either
Tristan did wait did you oh yeah this
bathroom looks way better guys this is
my room oh yeah I forgot it never worked
one day I was sitting on my couch which
used to be right here and then I got up
went to the bathroom I heard something
the liability just fell off and
shattered everywhere I was there like a
minute before that it just broke
shattered everywhere and ever since that
I think it's like hold on something that
like keeps it off all the time I don't
know how to fix it cuz look there's duct
tape marks from when I used to hang up
tickets territories which is still on
the back of the door in return for a bad
fan they kept my old TV okay this is
Tristan's room this is literally
Tristan's closet guys it's the same
Milind
what I think I missed this house so much
I think I was like dude I mean so many
go have a look around that beds probably
smaller in mine but it takes up more of
the rooms just confusing weird I used to
walk up these stairs grab my backpack be
pissed that I was going to school if we
weren't going to school we'd walk out
and just walk straight outside of the
trampoline have a little session yeah
I'd have my water let's do a reminiscing
edit
shoutout to Leslie because she got us
some Gatorade literally set all this out
for us she's such a good mom what the
heck let's get a time check in here
Dylan 719 719 nice pop sucker where'd
you get it difficult comma I don't know
something like that yeah the Sun is
going down guys look at that before we
know it the universe will be dark guys
it is getting boring
there's only basketball in dago's mm-hmm
which is fine which is fine but what the
hell else today let me just relax and
make it three real quick is there
someone I get to meet what's that bro
what's your name Roman nice to meet you
I get London it's getting even darker
it's that time of day again boys ha ha
you have to take a shot at this after
burns now we got some blankets to cut
off I'm honestly getting cold so thank
you very much guys we were just sitting
around talking thought of an idea okay I
was like we should go some country music
and then they're like oh no and then I
was like how could we make country music
fun and then Quentin's like let's go use
this car as base and I was like well we
better go fast for it gets too dark the
neighbors get pissed you know it's
almost pitch black my camera is really
good in low light so it looks brighter
than it is well let's go you know but
bukhatir looks like let's do a little
skiing ready I haven't done this in a
while well that's it that's a oh wait I
can't play the song it's The Gambler by
Kenny Rogers 1978 hi Graham I came in
clutch because I forgot I don't know
what for what you guys can choose any
merchandise you want pick it out we got
tie-dye stuff we got the we got a bunch
of stuff since I know you guys watch the
video so you need to have one shirt you
have a hat
who's going to be Matt to me is the
question I need to know you ensuite of
course thank you for letting us come
into your house and stay the night so
we're gonna hang out talk we got our
blankets we'll probably just sleep in
these chairs I caught one of the chairs
oh he called dibs on
that means usually been on the ground
Gordon's gonna get in the poor work rate
and then we're probably gonna not record
very much after that
we're gonna hang out talk on the chairs
because that's all there to do ladies
and gentlemen mostly ladies let's see it
for the female viewers I've taken page
taken but that body is about to be mine
I'm gonna sit and watch from the
sidelines and my blanket nice and warm
yeah these passes kids bedtime he
doesn't even care he's riding the bowl
showing Quinn how to do it okay time for
relax ation cuz I'm tired of all this
bull guys 12 19 in the am getting pretty
tired now we are relaxed and Dylan is
having his brother bring him a drink
right now
we've been chillin playing some
basketball we'll probably go to bed
within an hour so I because nothing to
do it is genuinely getting so cold and
look at the moon right now guys it's a
full moon it's huge I wish the camera
could actually see it well but you know
103 in the a.m. here's Quinn right there
we're sitting in this table all the
lights are off they went to bed they
don't already fell asleep he's over
there on the chairs and it might be bed
times and I'm getting tired super super
fun seeing this house again like
honestly is so awesome I actually like
what they did with the place I was
scared when I walked in here because I
was like oh god but I actually liked it
so yeah we will see you guys in the
morning
alright guys hopefully you guys can see
me is morning I definitely did not sleep
outside it got freezing freaky cold like
literally I wasn't in tank top so I
definitely set with this pillow pet
slept with this blanket it's only 6:30
4:00 in the morning right now it's
barely bright outside
thank you again Leslie for letting us
sleep over at your house she's upstairs
I don't know if she's awake yet I'm
guessing her kids are getting ready for
school they kept their backpacks and
stuff like already ready to go what you
didn't drive did you huh you take em
home sticky from that freaking dog we're
gonna go back downstairs to end off this
vlog because I do not want to wake
anybody up
dude let's end it on this weird ball
that they have well guys there you have
this is probably actually my last time
coming here actually probably not
because if I ever miss it a lot and
always to come back and yeah but yeah
I'm ready to go home I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget your
thread if you enjoyed subscribe and I'll
see you guys
you just maybe
