I just want you guys to know that if
anybody wants some dogs I'm selling them
$100.00 Dylan you want him good choice
because they tear everything out when
you leave Milan for 69 seconds look at
this dude they ate all my granola bars
every single one of them I went to go
get some last night and they're gone
what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day dad films mother Kyle right
there my family's getting home and
they're getting home I like 9 o'clock
it's like for almost 5 now so I want to
pull prank of my mom obviously by the
title this video and I was like what
could we do I want something that's sort
of easy to clean up and I didn't like
thank this out I didn't order anything
so I needed something that was closed so
I got to think in and I was like posters
of myself do we have any I don't know we
have a lot at our merch shop but we have
some here in our garage we just checked
and we have some in our garage and we're
gonna pick them up we're gonna bring it
in my mom's room and we are gonna we're
gonna prank my mom we're gonna bamboozle
her to hell and back we got four big
boxes some of these I think I don't know
if they're all the same for us or not
but these are like the old me right here
that guy and you guys know how Luna went
into my brother's room yesterday and ate
his fish food well I talked to my mom
and then I had to go to Walmart and then
I buy him new fish food I fed his fish
and then I wake up this morning I go
upstairs because I couldn't find Luna
she somehow opened his door with her
paws I guess which did open she ate all
the new fish food every last bit of it
what the it's all on the carpet she also
like tore a hole in the carpet and look
what they did to my plunger what's the
point of this I have a feeling this is
gonna be a very tedious thing to do a
lot of you guys already know this but my
mom's room is huge it's big it's about
the same size as mine I mean probably a
little bit bigger her bathrooms
definitely here should we put them like
all the way up there too I'm scared and
the process begins also if you guys
didn't know Dylan and Quinn pulled a
prank on me I came home one day and I
came home from a trip just like my mom's
about to and my room is filled of
wallpaper
I got bamboozled pretty hard so we got
to figure out the best way to do this we
were gonna like lay them all down on a
piece of tape and do something I think
we're just gonna kind of wing it by the
way I stayed up all night so if I'm like
and that's why we are starting off in
this corner of the room
she pretty big I won't take that long
damn it there's gonna be some green at
the top why don't I have like a
horizontal poster it's like five inches
tall got a little cycle going here yeah
Kyle's doing the tape I'm doing the
cutting on the wall and I guess Dylan
Alston on the highway okay thanks you
calling me short bro it looks like
whenever you put a small picture on a
desktop whatever you put a small picture
and then they're like refeeds at all
because it's not big hot rows we can't
let you in so you can quit barking
anytime you will do what you did to the
basement to my mom's room this is
actually an awkward position but we're
planning something
ah nice job nice no hands mom this time
Megan over to here was like walk
backwards and when it strikes me a god
Rose get that butterfly guys there's a
butterfly right there if you can see it
Andros keeps jumping off at it hey hey
you'll play with Rose good job wait are
those they used to blast those are no
like I feel like they're like sunglasses
and they no longer pepper and now the
lens are broken out
yeah it's Luna I'm sorry guys these keep
falling up we're not using that much
tape because we're gonna run out of it
on there it may have tape on that this
is where else am I gonna tape it on a
few more down
are you sure there's not an air vent
right there dude just the tape is
literally in half how we're getting to
the taller parts we're almost done with
the wall look at that and then we got to
do the brown part and no ceiling last
one on the wall it looks good yeah yeah
okay then it's settled now it keeps
falling cuz it's on the vent let's see
if it'll actually stay we put one on the
bottom and one on the top moves bigger
tape all we're gonna need more tape yeah
I forgot they're gonna really about to
get pranked look we're even wrapping
this dude if my mama wraps her truck I'm
gonna like I'm gonna call the wrap place
in advance and I'm gonna be like hey
just here's some posters you know what
to do gave up on those guys it's
impossible they keep falling and we had
to turn the fan off so we're dying out
here man it's like the desert
dude I thought you were my mom and I go
home you like what we've done with the
place you know I love the new Wolpe yeah
everybody be quiet listen this poster
has a life of its own and one fellow
over there like how are you gonna get
that well guys here it is it's all done
all the way over there we didn't wrap
that one and then all the way over there
and all the way over there put this con
on the wall and then we put this kind of
down on the floor you know me looking
off into the sunset we tried to put it
on the end of the bed right there and on
the cabinets they kept falling I don't
know what these things are made of but
yeah I'm so ridiculously tired right now
I think my mom's gonna be home in two
hours I want to sleep really bad but I'm
gonna I'm gonna power through it for
this prank guess why guys our flight got
rerouted around bad weather so we are
landing in our late in Minneapolis Delta
app says that the flight to Wichita is
delayed too and I hope that's right or
we will miss that flight
assuming that Wichita flight leaves when
it says we should land around 10 which
means they'll get here around 10:30 now
I gotta stay up for hours it's only 7:15
I can't stay up like my brain is melting
I shouldn't I have it what do I do
well last night I was driving around lay
and then I just stayed up and then you
know I guess I could just go on a four
hour drive it's for your help
god I love you quite a good hair oh now
okay do not rub me like that someone
stopped by to bring me some more
merchandise right now when he always
talks about motorcycles I've never
driven one I don't know anything about
the good it's a good bike this is what a
savage looks like sorry buddy I'd like
to stay and hang out but I got a jet
that's fine
have fun
yeah look at her sleep guys she's so
cute
even though she pisses me off sometimes
goodnight Luna good night I'm about to
go do a final check to my mom's room
make sure a lot of the posters are still
on I'm hoping all the posters are still
on yeah looks good I mean one fell over
there one fell right here
mhmmm fell there but I mean for the most
part getting that she still got
bamboozled I have my sister in on this
and she's telling me like where they are
and stuff they are 15 minutes away right
now and I'm gonna show upstairs till she
gets here oh wait and look at this fool
back here in the corner what are you
doing bro ahead of all places she goes
where she can hide if she's not there
she's there under that table or there
under the bar it's so funny alright guys
I see a truck I'm gonna try to like
surprise I'm like scare me gotcha
you're gonna help move trash cans down
or trunnions yeah tomorrow's trash day
it sounds like a tomorrow problem do you
want it in your room or what cool okay I
think she's coming hold on where do I
want to stand I'll just stand right here
oh I forgot there's another wannabe
right there
oh my god you should have known you left
me here for three days mom I'm your
favorite child right
like four of them fell we tried to put
him on the brown part up there it wasn't
gonna work it was like coaster in here
yeah guess what I put all these on the
floor and then I put those on the wall
so it's nice and pretty
yeah OCD I can't I don't know it's like
it reminds me something and it's weird
and I can't think of what me getting
pranked with the wrapping paper I didn't
even walk in your room though I didn't
even see that what would it remind you
of I have no time to clean this up so
it's gonna be like this for a month
while we're gone good so that's
horrifying
someone breaks in they step on this I
will be pissed I was the one telling him
she was the hook out here I'll make a
path to your bed for you but yeah guys
thank you guys so much for watching this
video we're gonna go ahead and end it
here I hope you guys enjoyed it of
course I was gonna do a prank man
they're funny I mean it takes forever
but in the end it's kind of funny but
this will be the last one though I mean
I hate pranks they take forever how long
did this take you three hours it's a
guys like two hours plus messing around
they kept falling mom and then we had to
go get more tape and it's up TA so we've
watched this video don't forget to leave
like interest friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see guys next
one please oh and when do we go to LA
and when do I get to see my freaking car
when's it gonna be done what kind of a
reveal alright thanks bye
you just maybe
