what is going on guys today we were back
and today we were starting off the vlog
way up here that is Olivia she's my
friend Olivia her feet are burning cuz
we're standing on top of the big
scaffolding buttons gonna jump first
it's her first time jumping I'm titling
this video her first time and that's
settled
it's not gonna be as scary as you think
like your stomach's probably gonna sink
though that's all her first time take
one beat drop you got it yeah now how am
I gonna get down on a camera a lot of
you guys probably don't know Olivia I
don't think she's been any videos I
posted on my Instagram a long long time
ago I've been friends with her for a
long time I met her at a fair like a
year and I had two years ago and that's
her friend
Britney did the power of hot girls at
your house you can like trash show off
and do sick tricks boys are you laughing
at me
never mind it doesn't work I'm sorry you
guys have like no idea who these people
are and they're just like showing up my
house I never do that but she just
jumped in the pool with her clothes on
so now she's gonna be repping some merch
let's go find one come on we got the it
ain't my fault we got the long sleeve is
that the one you wanted yeah there you
are dude do not put that on the ground
are you kidding me that's sacred guys
look at his little camera it's I've
never even heard of this brand it's
called Olympus I put it in the vlog the
other day what was it it was yesterday
look at that thing zoom today we are
going to get Quinton his subs not
subscribers here he has those ha ha
we're going to Best Buy we're gonna go
get him some their speakers they're like
they vibrate your whole car a lot of our
friends have them they're installing him
in his car right now so we're gonna stop
by this should be done and he doesn't
have his car that's obviously why I'm
taking him and I'm such a good friend
and I think the two random females are
coming with us that you guys don't know
about but I've known for like a year and
a half but I have a lot of friends I
don't put in the videos I keep my main
circle offense pretty small you know
like Dylan Quinton play or zero and then
I'd like my grandparents my family then
other youtubers but I have like some
friends I don't put in but I do have
some friends not that many oh and
tonight I have dinner I think I'm going
to dinner with Kendall from Big Time
Rush and his mom Kendall is in town he
lives in California but he's coming here
his mom lives here dad lives here I get
to see him again and we need to make a
song let's do it are you coming up
oh yeah the card isn't big deal okay
there it is guys I want to hear this car
now you just need an exhaust on it man
fire up that ox dude oh there's the old
radio dude your cars over here oh okay
I'll just sit in the heat that's cool it
looks like less than your other one but
they're mine yeah oh yo that's sick
there's an amp on the back of the seat
I bring the camera in but you guys
already know the drill we sit down we
eat I film some pancakes and I'll see
you guys at home so I was freaking out
I'm on the way to dinner right now and I
was supposed to be there at 7 o'clock it
is 657 it won't unblurred well then
Kendall just text me and said be there
in 10 that's about when I'll be there so
we're all good and I really needed
urinate so now it's dark out and we just
say I was gonna film here but then this
guy surprised me happy birthday thank
you no I was at your house my birthday I
guess right you were in my kitchen I'm
about nude gas and oil change and it
says that my key fob battery's low again
so are we going back to my house we're
gonna go I'm gonna go house to her foam
pits gone I'm so sorry I I put in my
brother's room cereal happen okay it's
gone but we're gonna be listening to my
two favorite songs on the way home
because I think we have about enough
time and actually one of them is one-way
ticket in one of them's living room I
think they're moved by you dog you
actually likes it he says yes dude I
don't care if it's him or not you guys
you should listen to these songs his
band's called Heffron Drive if you guys
watch the vlog where I went to his house
and I did the live stream with him and
you found a pig I fed a pig it was my
birthday I fed him a cake or a cupcake
is actually supposed to be mine bye
Jared I'm a nice guy well
this is gonna be like carpool karaoke
I'm not James Corden or whatever his
name is whoa wait cool yeah scuse my
language this new camera it's not even
that new anymore but it like slides
forward so I mapped out my hand here
I'm literally listening to you sing it
and then you see it sound the same
yeah that's alright
once I got the message and then it was
locked in my brain - literally fell in
love and then that's how hole you're
selling though for me alright so so what
is the message it's that like you want
to go back to the time whenever you guys
were like in your house like you're
rebuilding all that stuff and it's like
all happy times you dance on your toes
and I don't know like in your life no
that's it is that it are they shouldn't
revolve around certain areas right this
idea was like okay but relationship
revolving around the living room in a
house where lots of love happens is
genius
thanks man and then like you know
it gets hard and if you go big we just
go back to like when it was just like us
in the living room and like do you any
planning our lives of this you guys are
getting like life advice right here live
on the blog yeah if you ever if you ever
worried about life just go back to the
living room guys dark in here have been
home alone lonely but this is the house
let me put my food in the fridge and now
let's see them shirts street prices
twisted t-shirt maybe like what you see
like what you see Golden Rose because it
goes black and there's something
something like that yeah on your
shoulder right here right that's one
thank these ears large this is the large
Golden Rose that's dope Efron dry boy we
can go down to my room cuz that's where
I hang out I don't use any of the other
house
be warned there's some pretty naked
girls over there naked girls in my day I
sometimes go over here I played
ping-pong twice in apartment this is a
separate apartment they technically we
got the movie room and we got my dogs
barking outside I need to let in do you
look at my room I turn on some pretty
lights yeah look this is mine
guys I turn on the lights today and I
clean a little bit it's actually sick
sir I know no matter how much time I
spend in California anything like that I
love my house like if I ever movie pit
you you should keep it I freaking love
this room we got dibs stuff do you want
some dev stuff I don't think I'll take a
dip send you home with some dips up
alright well you know that one's kind of
mine no entire I'm kidding no no bro do
you have the Big Time Rush reruns in
here um actually I have them on my phone
I bought some
I hope you make an act out the real
thing let's see who remembers more lines
of dialogue how often do you use this
gym I use it every day for like a week
and then now it's like what's not there
right now uh too much they said I can't
even nope this is what Quintin benches
so yeah so I didn't record a lot today
in the beginning of the day but I wanted
to bring you guys a video either way and
I want to dance with my dog right now
days like today it's kind of hard
because you have so much then you want
to film and then you don't have a good
idea so then you used clickbait I don't
know if I used heard him I don't know
like I probably used to grow on a tower
about to jump off in a swimming suit but
it was still an awesome day you got to
hang out with Kimball so to finish off
this video we've decided that I'm
actually gonna be playing my first game
of pool in this house I played in my
grandparents sometimes but I'm gonna
verse this guy right here I have my $300
you have your $300 let's see he's got
his three hundo all right you're doing a
300 all of it
oh it is and and yeah but yeah god I
hope you enjoyed this video it was a
weird vlog I know it was kind of
clustered we didn't film that what's in
the morning like I already went over but
yeah hope you guys enjoyed it thank you
guys so much for watching
don't listen to Kendall's music actually
really love it and you will too so yeah
they get so much for watching don't
really like intro the friend if you
enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll see
you guys next one turns out that's not
the end of the vlog we're going upstairs
real quick to listen to Quinn's car
because he got all the settings right
yeah let's do it
that is license plate
you just maybe
