yeah what the hell who's upstairs you
guys know I'm home alone I don't know
that hold up hey who are you oh you got
a new camera everybody look how big it
is in his room what is going on guys
today we're back and today hope you guys
are all having a great day we are
starting this vlog at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon because I I was uploading my
video and then I left in some curse
words so I had to go like censor him
hey thanks stay the night last night so
I I I made it through the night without
getting too scared being home alone and
I'm going to my grandma's house tonight
my grandpa doesn't have work you know my
grandfather Steven so that should be
some fun and right now we are tearing
down the trampolines you know why
trampolines can't come with us to
California and we don't want like people
messing with them I guess
and oh my god my truck is dirty well I
thought my car was dirty look at my
truck right now you it looks like Moss
Oh God we gotta find a spring tool and
then we are gonna just you know tear
apart we'll probably just leave the
frames up but we're gonna take off the
mat in the springs and then we'll put
them on my garage I live in the garage
look at the speed and elegance from
Quentin economy we can get the springs
off right now without a spring tool but
soon enough we're gonna have to go get
the spring tool cuz it's gonna get hard
yeah like I hope we can give these off
they're all cross you know they're super
tight bro I don't want to take apart the
oval I don't know you guys can come jump
on the oval house kidding we'll put the
oval somewhere I guess these you've been
out here for like a month you good bro
no I'm not copying Logan Paul I can say
words - holy bad word Rose has the right
idea dude she's chillin under the
trampoline in the shade it's hot Goliath
is done oh we're gonna have to pick up
all the damn Springs Wow let's get this
one so you just want to stick it right
there and got one hell yeah boy for the
win here I got to do one like last
trampoline trick I didn't do last one on
the glide all right do I have an idea of
how we can keep people out of that one
we could just zip it up and then no one
can get in yeah are you you stay in
there though I don't know we'll cross
that bridge when we get to it good like
it man now loser dude I seriously can't
get out like how the hell am I gonna get
out here give me a knife I need to cut
through the bottom of the trampoline to
get out last trick on this trampoline
okay let me out let me out oh we found a
real spring tool what are you doing bro
you know I get out of there guys listen
to my shoes when I walk is all the sweat
there's the squeaky sound I was talking
about we'd take those down but nah also
guys it is my second dip sure of the day
because the other one got dirty there's
a big pool of water by those trampolines
we were taking down so I got all muddy
but this one's fresh so I'm alright wish
I could take you guys in my grandma's
but I can't you're all wet you have a
visitor coming to watch you though Jesse
the bodyguards going to watch them so
I'm gonna go to my grandma's and you're
two soaked - come with me only in Kansas
that's a big tractor thing also I've had
a lot of you guys asking what the new
house in California is gonna be like and
some people are asking how long we're
gonna keep it we're keeping it from
September 7th through October 7th and
it's nothing like amazing it's still
really cool I can't wait to show you
guys it I'm gonna be having a new new
house reveal it's not our house we're
renting it from somebody else there's
already gonna be furniture in it and
it's like an hour and a half outside of
LA so it's not actually inside of Los
Angeles but everything's cheaper and you
can get more land out there we're gonna
have like five times more space in
California than we have in Kansas
because whenever you get away from the
city everything's like cheaper and that
means big open roads for my RA and I
can't wait oh there's so much I want to
show you he made it but it is dead quiet
here guys I don't I don't know if
anyone's here there's that kitty cat
that will not let anybody get near it
okay do you like people huh okay nope
what about you huh can I can I touch you
you know maybe maybe let's see if she'll
pick up her phone oh god where'd that I
actually just cracked my phone look at
that
bad word dude whoops guys look that cats
getting closer because that's the one
that hates people I just want to pet
that one because it won't let me pet it
why do you hate me I guess there is some
fun stuff we can do even without my
grandparents and there's a trailer on
the back bad word
it needs gas
Oh ha ha this is why I need my grandpa
here I was just trying to have some fun
bad word oh boy one more shot at this
okay hey hey hey hey why
leave a like I literally cannot get it
from there to there like that little
cement part is impossible to get over
I'm sweating a storm I hear another car
though yeah grandpa why I came to see
you but you weren't home and I tried to
take the four-wheel out and there's no
gas and I tried to push it back into the
garage and I can't so I need your help
and I'm weak
is the battery dead too yeah
there she blows thank you and please
tell me there was some blue juice
there's no gas there's no battery charge
there isn't even any blue juice all
right ohyeah hi here let me out let me
go champ yeah you love me cuz I rescued
you huh huh gosh she's so small oh yeah
you like me more than the couch dude
don't you I like you except for your
claws bro she moves fast yeah let's see
if she likes my microphone Hey
she's freaking cute hey Taylor what's a
small dog but you know I like being able
to wrestle the dog except you'd have a
fun time with my dog OHS wouldn't you
yeah yeah I'll come back and play with
you soon okay I'm gonna go eat and then
go home and go hang out with Dylan good
bye good bye good bye Gracie
see you later see you later magic insane
yeah thanks for helping me put the
four-wheeler way yeah it wasn't getting
in the garage
only in Kansas hi guys we are back home
I was gonna say my grandma's but then it
was only my grandpa and it wouldn't have
been a party so I came back home I'm
waiting for Jesse to get here I guess
I'll hang out with him and Dylan of
course I'd rather hang out with Jesse
kidding huh I don't know if you guys saw
the guy that was right next to my
grandpa whenever my Grandpop holed up in
that guy's truck but after I shut off
the camera he's like you know who wears
pink shoes CooCoo ears onna he was
really oldies
I guess he's trying to speak and that
kind of put me in a mood I couldn't tell
you why probably because you know when
other humans say bad stuff like it kind
of it tears it you know matter what like
I know I shouldn't give a but at
the same time a little part of me gave
and I was kind of like kind of pissed a
little bit that just brings up another
reason why I want to go to Los Angeles
wearing these on the streets there it's
like less than normal you know people
are crazy there which I absolutely love
no offense to any fans I live in Kansas
but Kansas kind of sucks you could
probably agree with me people here are
just not my favorite people I'm just
being honest the kids are pretty great
usually but I just don't like judgmental
people I've never understood people
don't want to tear other people down
because you could be bettering yourself
but instead you're tearing people down
and if people are trying to bring you
down that means they're already below
you so hey I wish I'd brought some more
Crocs that would've gave this a pair I
feel kind of bad for him he was lacking
in style and from that example you guys
can take away that people are gonna be
people and you just gotta rise above be
different be yourself because why would
you want to be like everybody else
that's boring just be yourself so be
yourself work hard you know make friends
be a good person and you will have good
things happen you back and if you
combine everything and you work hard
you'll be successful tell ya I'm not
pulling on my girl just please tell me
this garage door opener works hey it
actually did hey you don't wanna be here
about Republican in the Volks tune
anyway I'm gonna chill play with my dog
goes because I love them never mind guys
is Dylan bailed he's coming over
tomorrow morning so it's it's all right
I'm gonna be hanging out with my
bodyguard yeah my bodyguards fun though
so it's okay and that's where we put the
trampoline stuff oh I should have
recorded that Luna please please stop
jumpin jumpin on me I'll go hey stop
guys I'm getting attacked right right
now look what you just did to me hey but
yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and think here someone for
watching don't forget like enjoyed the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe me and
I'll see you guys next one
you just maybe
