our flight leaves in two hours my whole
family's leaving me right now I thought
that was like in two days you're leaving
me here with them I guess I'll go say
why you guys leave me I'm getting a
thumbnail by the front door even my
grandma's leaving me I have no one
anymore bro
stranger danger already there's a guy in
my backyard this is gonna be a tough
weekend everybody what is going on guys
today we are back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day I was
just playing some guitar hero you know
warming up to my day my mom comes
downstairs and she's like hey we're
leaving today I was like boy I
completely forgot they're going to play
this live I went to the one in Florida
but I didn't want to go to this one
because we went to Hawaii and then we
went to California and then we went back
home and we went to California and then
we're about to go back to California and
I didn't want to go to another place in
between so I'm sorry if you're going to
playlist and you're meeting my family
and then you don't get to meet me I know
they're pretty cool so hopefully you
guys tell fun if you're going but yeah I
have the house to myself I can do
whatever I want
okay hold up I actually can't find my
ring right now actually hold up I slept
here last night frickin sideways my dogs
crawled on me when I woke up so they
better not have taking it big bro I
sleep with it on where's it at guys I'm
not even bad where around oh I can't
find on the bed it's gotta be under the
bed oh I'm flipping backwards right now
guys I'm flipping out we need some more
light we need some more light okay mom I
can't find my damn ring I don't know
where it is I'm not lying I slept with
it on and I woke up and it's gone or in
the dog's belly I don't know if I don't
see it in my room then I'm gonna just
watch the dog what if I like slept
walked and then just like I don't even
know threw it away let's turn on the
disco light see if that helps yeah yeah
I was gonna make a montage of stuff I
can do when I'm home alone I'm gonna
have to lift up this beanbag I have no
idea I'm gonna break my bed look at it
bending what the Frick yo my bed is
broken
it broke where could it be and why is my
room so nasty I don't even finish
spinner that much why is there a Fishman
bra where is my ice at and my dogs
definitely did that to my bed awesome
guys I just lost a $7,000 ring I have no
idea where it is I already flipped my
room upside down it is nowhere to be
found one of my dogs definitely ate it
like yesterday whenever I was in the
pool Rose came up to me and was like
licking the ring so maybe she got like
got the scent for it and then whenever I
was sleeping she came to my room and
just swallowed it I'm gonna keep looking
holy
Edward guys do you see that yeah I think
that's sparkling it must have been on
the beanbag whenever I flipped it over
oh my god that was so scary
okay I'm putting on my middle finger
it's hard to get off but that's good
because then it won't fall off anymore
and there's something else scary there
are spiders that were all over my room
that were like under the beanbag bro
they're scary looking what a start to
the weekend alone I'm gonna have to like
have some friends over or something
because I'm obviously not capable of
being on my own I'm gonna have our
bodyguard watch me sleep so that I don't
just take this thing off and throw it
that was a close one Quentin I'm home
alone I throw a party my family left me
for DC I lost my family ring this
morning not even kidding
and I found it I took it off in my sleep
I guess found it on the bean bag I slept
on my bed so my dogs definitely moved it
I'm not sleeping alone because by the
time there's videos up a stalker could
see it and come over and kill me so
you're gonna have to be able to protect
me okay good night
I'm tripping out now guys I'm scared I
can't be home alone I'm gonna go take a
shower and my mom's awesome shower
instead of mine I guess that's something
to keep me calm I think the pool stalker
left guys I got scared Jake is over
right now my friend Jake you guys
remember him oh god your breath smells
like fish food
she just ran upstairs I wasn't watching
her for like five minutes she ran
upstairs my brother's room she got fish
food I'm kind of curious to go to his
room see what else you did let's go come
on Luna still smells like fish food
coming up here oh my god you mmm look in
the carpet guys there's little fish food
everywhere oh my god
I can feel it under my feet crunching yo
she got into three containers of fish
food and she tore this out of the carpet
you're not a fish you retard
my mom is never gonna let me stay home
alone again I lose my ring my dog eats
fish food the carpets torn up last time
we left Luna did this to the wall so
yeah Luna just needs to be an outside
dog but I love her too much she can't be
so we got to decide what we're gonna do
today we're about to go swimming that's
why I have a sweatshirt and some gloves
on and three pairs of pants you'll see
why in a second Luna guess what we're
swimming with today two coats and
a torch and some hairspray let's do it
guys this is what we can do when my
mom's not here we had to go find her
hair spread upon myself I was about to
call her and ask her then I was like no
no she's gonna know but work off the
climb up there he's gonna light me on
fire let's do it no I smell burnt dude
guys we failed now that my clothes are
soaked you don't have a second chance
and I smell like I'm burnt but I wasn't
even on fire that long apparently bro I
thought I was lit so I was like I might
go jump we're gonna make another pool at
it because like I said like I'm gonna
miss my pool once we're in LA so we got
to live it up
me I'm not really asking we'll get it
away to a place where we
not sure
life with no distractions
this is populated
get some
so we got to get the torch down somehow
I'm not about to climb back down with it
I want to jump though hopefully it
doesn't explode how did the fire
department on speed down so well alright
guys we are done we are back we just had
an awesome trampoline session if you
guys want to see that it's almost a
tightener underscore b-24 if you hurry
by the time this video is out you can
still watch all the flips so go add me
and some of them are all mine's grandma
were just one actually so go follow me
they're tender brunker and we are going
to be replacing a bulb I know it sounds
boring we're gonna make it awesome okay
awesome basically the light bulb in our
movie room has been out for a long time
it is the most complicated thing to
replace like we looked at a manual
online it is 80 pages 80 pages and yeah
we gotta loosen somehow get in there or
something we have a new light bulb
upstairs that my mom ordered thank you
mom anyway I can be for the movie I mean
I just want to watch friends we can meet
in the middle we'll watch a movie about
friends so the lamps in here I gotta be
really gentle with it my mom told me
that you can't even touch these bulbs
with your bare hands it'll break them
the oil on the outside of the lamp will
just ruin the lamp they call it a lamp
and a bulb it's confusing it's a lamp
bulb so we got to get gloves let's pick
out our favorite pair no it seemed
pretty cool oh I like these actually by
the way it is like yellowish green
outside it's really weird we were having
a great trampoline sesh but it started
raining and now it's ugly outside anyway
let's open a box oh yeah Oh better leave
this in if I are much good I'm gonna
treat this thing like it's my child well
I'm so scared I do not want to wait for
another one of these we're only gonna
use it for like a week before we leave
but don't worry I'm a person yeah that'd
be nice yeah alright there's another man
there's a little screwdriver we need I
saw a picture of this one we're about to
have to go look for one but nope here's
our weird foot here's our fork looking
screwdriver not our looking screwdriver
that don't even look like a light bulb
it looks like a it looks like a
miniature space station from the attack
is this thing so good I knew I was
probably gonna fuck it up dude check
that out that's it that's honestly to
say it actually looks like a camera all
right give me the fork let's see if we
can find out how to get in here I did
some research I think I know how I can
get the open it's like this little thing
right here oh thank you pillow there's
little tiny screws I don't know if you
guys can see them they're like right
here there's no way like how would you
even start to get these out oh right
here I see some oh I found some yes I'm
gonna unscrew these please do not fall
and land on my big toe it already bled
in yesterday's video this thing falls on
I'm Ronen Jake are you ready to catch
this yeah sometimes you have to sit here
and unscrew something that won't come
out because in the end you get to watch
friends on a big projector I can't use
this flashlight and pull it out and
unscrew it so oh no no I have an idea ah
hell yeah boy hell yeah and some people
said I was stupid when I bought this are
you kidding me best purchase I ever made
look it's like a loose tooth I can feel
it it wants to get out but it just needs
a little bit of floss
okay there we go see there's this last
screw that we have to get Oh Apollo 14
you guys we've been doing this for 30
minutes I mean it's been like a minute
for you guys but it's been a while come
here Apollo oh come on if you ever
thought that I wasn't capable of living
on my own I just proved you wrong we're
taking my xbox out of my room putting it
back in the move room because I'd rather
play guitar hero in there and then watch
some movies with this you know so it's
got to go back and I haven't seen Luna
in at least an hour so my upstairs is
probably a hellhole
laughs like ass yeah up here Luna and
Rose both and they were posting my
brother's room and the light is on did
you grow freaking limbs and turn it on
oh my god look what she has in her mouth
what uh what are you doing bro you have
a frickin shell in your mouth you're
gonna eat it what is your plan what was
your plan first fish food and now you're
eating other creatures breath oh I was
just sitting in here trying to set up my
xbox right that's Luna poop okay it's
not that big we made it
Wow guys I have 69% camera battery and
now the projector is working it's a good
day you don't I'm gonna be a computer
teacher visit sixth grade someday but
yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and end
this here this yeah someone's for
watching and don't forget friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys next one and I'll probably
go to my grandma's tomorrow or something
cuz I really don't want to be here alone
like he's gonna leave me I'm scared so
you just maybe
