I'm sick as a dog
good morning what is go my guys today we
were back and today I hope you guys
you're all have an upgrade day check out
my car paw prints obviously some
scratches but check out this panel it
looks like brand new it just got
polished and the whole thing is getting
polished on Saturday maybe it'll
actually look good again I am very very
excited for that and today you guys
already know we are getting another foam
pit because her last one was pretty
small and crappy and we did a lot of
stuff to it so it kind of disappeared
over time but today we have two guys
driving from Florida through Tennessee
making a stop and then they're coming to
my house with just like a truckload of
foam it's gonna fill our entire living
room this time Jennifer is here and
she's sick as well yeah she went to the
emergency room yesterday because she
couldn't breathe and all that she's
blowing us out of the road I was born
with a cleft palate yeah she was born
without a throat well when you see that
truck well my mom actually bought a new
truck finally I made a video a long time
ago like behind my mom's new truck and
we never ended up buying it but there's
actually a new truck here we'll check
all that out later but jennifer and i
are gonna go on a good morning howdy
ride cuz since i've been sick and trying
to get over the sickness i've done a lot
of sinning dylan Mitchell and his
brother here as well DOM is here they're
still asleep but they're about to get
woken up wanna see you guys never get
back today should be a fun day the first
step is to get rid of the fan completely
I already said this this is gonna be the
ultimate foam pit this time Oh we'll
probably put a lighter on top of this
and then just gonna hook it completely
we got some walls to hopefully hold the
foam in and we got some new mattresses
to lay across the floor make it more
comfy and we just went and got the first
new batch of fan mail
ever since I reopened my p.o box and I
just wish I wasn't sick today oh my god
I just leaned on this and felt it move I
forgot it's not really in all the way
okay there's no power to this room here
you go
yeah
back foot yeah I go Oh your mom sucks
already' scratch oh okay God did let it
do that baby
alright guys we have about 30 minutes to
spare before the foam arrives and I'm
miserable with this cold so I'm gonna go
to Starbucks and get their cold Buster
drink that my mom told me about dogs
gonna come with me we're gonna take the
r8 out for a second spin see if there's
drinks any good see if it helps me yeah
I got a little bit of mucus on my car I
spin alright let's give it a taste way
too hard
good thing this is a flipping video
because my voice is about to leave
permanently meanwhile please please be
the truck yeah
oh my god I hear that song of the globe
is a real trip I'll watch my favorite
bush no my bush oh my god
so close to the wall what golden ticket
the golden key my god
so are they all random colors a black
and red or red or what all right sweet
we're gonna have a rainbow assortment I
clickbait living room let's start the
process in this GA time-lapse sequence
because I leaned on this oh god watch
out watch out I broke some of this foam
is just plain nasty it has sweaty feet
juice on it ah smells like my crocs what
is it oh my god do you want a glow stick
look at this mountain guys and his socks
are ruined
it's dusty for sure but it is at least
two or three times as big as the old one
and we got one more thing to add
actually to
alright guys we sat here for like an
hour the fog machines not kicking on it
still says heating up and the cedar fans
been on it for half an hour so I guess
we're just gonna get into the edit even
though Dom went to go coaches class
basically I'm the only one that flips
here but we'll have them all try
I kicked my own shin and that one so
looks like I got to go off my hands
how sick was that house Leto
alright Dom turn around take a look why
he's back from teaching this is crazy
are you ready I hate foam pits but I
might jump in it let's go ambulance
first jump since he evaded the the
process of making this piece of crap
Oh
all right we're getting pretty tired at
least I am we're gonna go downstairs and
we have something important to say to
you guys like I probably mentioned in
the beginning of this video let's go so
you guys already know that I've talked
about in the past with Logan and his
blood clots and stuff he's had blood
problems ever since he was a little
little boy basically if he gets bruises
or anything like that it can turn bad
with his blood clots and he has to take
blood thinner shots in his stomach every
day that just is frickin horrible who
wants to live like that and I have to do
that yeah you need to do that you have a
shot here and I've known Logan for years
one of my best friends was his cousin at
one time so we hung out all the time and
he has a surgery coming up and obviously
surgeries are super super expensive so
we set up a fundraiser from you caring
calm it's gonna be the first link in the
description and you guys can donate
literally a dollar if a fraction of you
guys donate a dollar that's literally
say $20,000 pay for the surgery and this
man can get better you got to learn a
front-flip someday and you can't do that
if these exactly less than $1 literally
everything helps anything helps 25 cents
you can donate $2 I don't know we got
approval Logan that the tank plant has
his back so guys first link in
description help us out and you're gonna
get good karma like I always go to Best
Buy and I donate 10 or 15 dollars every
time and obviously the whole time we
filmed this video basically it was dark
when everyday flows to the phone pit so
I'll probably see you guys in the
morning where we may or may not do more
depending on how freaking sick I feel
and then of course I gotta get the
thumbnail in the morning who's to watch
a video when it's dark wow it's only
been like 13 hours and the fog machines
still not heated up silly goose anyone
else noticed our house smells like a gym
also huge thanks to circus tricks for
hooking me out with all this foam
they're gonna be the third link in the
description they own a bunch of
trampoline parks and they're just cool
people man morning dive for the
thumbnail
nice turn to the less same nails hurt
don't dive into your foam pits against
the rules you'll get kicked out but yeah
guys heard you go ahead and in this
video here and I hope guess what you
think that someone's watching job if you
leave like generate friends if you
enjoyed subscribe you knew all the guys
you just maybe
