I put one too many hoodies on the rack
oh look at that they all fill now I have
to oh god that's gonna take forever oh I
knew it was gonna happen
these just weren't strong enough look I
ripped the wall anchors out of the wall
so that wasn't even strong enough Wow
okay look at this I didn't even put the
heavy robe on there I put it on my
bathroom door what is going on guys
today we were back in today hope you
guys are all having a great day it is I
think it's like Wednesday or something
anyways I hope you guys are all having a
great day if you're not grab a speaker
and blast some music and just dance
around singing even even if your voice
is as bad as mine jump up and do
something cuz might as well and check
this out see that right there that is my
name on a tea burger signature matches
my shorts and everything if you guys
want this I think they're live on the
website I don't know tink Branca calm I
guess we'll do an early-morning dance
montage
anyways I think my brother and sister
home and I got this little pin in
yesterday's video that is not up yet so
they don't know about it it's like a
little shock laser pointer like the
first one works okay I'm really scared
hold on first one's a flashlight and
then you're like oh second one must be a
laser pointer then it shocks the crap
out of you it made my arm numb yesterday
for a little bit so I'm gonna go
upstairs and I'll prank Taylor guess
what don't send me this freaking laser
boner it's super strong it's like a
flashlight laser pointer that's a
flashlight go get Tristan he's gonna
freak out online chosen yeah someone
sent me this flashlight and the laser
pointer is so strong like it reflects
off everything oh dude I get mom but she
would actually like no no no shoot I
know but she saw him anyway I actually
did clean my room besides like my bed
that just never gets clean but like I
picked up a lot so go me I'm gonna put
this thing somewhere where it can't hurt
anybody for now good morning sunshine
okay go back to bed what's that I hi
anyways guys my mom is bringing home a
special thing today I think she's out
getting it right now I was gonna go with
her but then I was doing something and
she was doing something anyway she's
bringing home something that I've been
waiting for for three freaking months
and I'm so excited to see it she's gonna
be home any minute and then I'll pick up
the camera again but for now I'm gonna
go upload my video that's over there and
never mind my mom just texted me and
said that I can't get it yet it was just
gonna be the clickbait license plate for
my car which I was really excited for
but I have to trade in the current
license plate that I have which is in
California and I'm not in California so
I can't go get it so we're having that
shipped home then we're gonna be like
here take it and they're gonna give me
the good one that says clickbait boy
dude look by that door new pet Thank You
Rosa Luna ever brought in the little
mouse moon and I are thinking of doing
something with the trampoline today we
obviously can't take the trampolines
with us to California so we were like
you know we got to do something soon we
want to put that trampoline in the water
without my mom yelling at us and then
put the small trampoline on the slant
and then put that trampoline that over
there in the deep end make like an
underwater trampoline park who knows
look at that another new pet as you guys
know my mom hates whenever we put stuff
in the pool she's super scared that I'm
gonna like tear the liner she always
yells at me
and this is why this is scary this
trampoline has these that come out and
they could definitely tear a hole in it
and that would be bad but we're about to
put antifreeze in the pool anyway for
winter so the water won't be usable and
if we tear it then i'll be like mom we
have to drain the pool and they're made
to put a foam pit in the pool and uh and
also it is not too late to go get Steve
Brunk our swim short and also qqm tank
on it's like barely under water and cats
is underwater oh thank god my mom Luna
get that mouse out of your mouth Oh God
Luna Luna come here Luna Luna Luna Oh
God
give it I see the tail give it drop it I
do not want to touch it guys yeah where
are you oh good okay three two one yeah
yeah she'll probably just find it again
it's cold out here I'm going back to the
pool and here's our third pet of the day
probably the scariest one I hate spiders
I think he's trying to fix the
trampoline we'll be right back we're in
get the trampoline fixed do it I'm going
down a level because there's a
trampoline three two one
that was something now it is time to
lift him out oh the water on top makes
it so heavy let's listen to the bubbles
he's back you better have the bubbles
means all the water's getting back in
that's ten times heavier I left all the
Champlain's of draining holes like it's
prepared for a moment like this how did
this not just break both mode activated
yeah oh my god the rabies dog is back
you can see the foam run
no dogs were harmed in the making of
this video just my big toe that is
bleeding a little bit
shown in this song that my mom and I
jammed out to on snapchat last night
because I'm an Thatcherite a nur
underscore B 24 The Gambler by Kenny
Rogers 1978 I think button starting to
play music you guys know me it couldn't
have musical differences guess where we
are right now everybody we're in a place
where we haven't been forever because
when you got a girlfriend I got a
girlfriend we stopped going here
together
oh god my car's remember the time I wore
my old robe in here I've no idea where
my old one is could have one of my new
one yeah I guess he brung her emerges
fine enough whatever oh by the way guys
I don't have a girlfriend it's just him
so like when I said we both got
girlfriends I meant like he still has
one parse server literally gave us menus
they not know me I come in here usually
and they're just like usual and I'm like
yep and then they sit me down give me my
stuff and they bring out the check with
the meal so I'm like ready it's
basically like faster than any other
restaurant and it's amazing yeah boy
with the two by two again
I'm sorry I have but I eat here a lot so
it's only fair that I got your cups go
Quentin just decided to run it by me
that he hasn't slept for 30-some hours
so he's looking absolutely deprivation
facts and what I can do to you there
assistant never mind I'm not finishing
my food he ruined it for me and I'm
about to ruin something for you guys huh
we're eating he's like look up and zoom
in so like what the ceiling is dry befo
B and the bottom of Pancakes is
trypophobia also guys remember if you
put a pickle in a cup with some ketchup
some salt some pepper leave a good tip
you better keep leaving a good tip
because then they'll remember your stuff
and also x to the clickbait album is
getting re-released on itunes with the
bonus tracks on itunes this time last
time they were only on the physical copy
so now you can get the Blackfyre songs
which they're super good they're
probably my favorite ones on album so if
you guys miss getting the album back
then it's getting released I'll leave a
link in the description and yeah
we are now here in my own my own cold
sack cul-de-sac dude how do people do
burnouts at car meetups you're gonna get
kicked out of your house what do you
think
why don't you even do I did a burnout
dude I just bought this laser pointer
yesterday I'm gonna try it out I know
what it is he's holding down the button
right now oh my god
Quinton is a genius actually guess what
he just found out says police right
there that right there is the metal that
if you're holding down the bottom button
and this it'll shock the shit out of you
if you don't hold the metal and you hold
down the bottom button you can stick
these into people and like tase them for
real okay that is so strong we may use
this in the future comment some ideas
but for now we are gonna go ahead and in
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
anyway thank you guys so much watch this
video don't really like in chairs vans
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys next one and T burger calm
if you guys want some March I know you
want some do not
you just maybe
