Taylor why does everyone sleep with
their door locked I was gonna wake
Tristan up with my ring but it didn't
work yeah you slept with it yesterday
oh you want a living room I'll show you
a living room here take this camera real
quick what is going on guys today we're
back and today I hope you guys are all
having a great day
I just wanted to wake Tristan up with my
ring it's shiny like some kind of
foreign stuff are you rebuilding it for
real here I'll help you out
Oh mom mom mom oh hey you know how you
got that truck yesterday right you guys
all saw that yeah we the trucks and I
here anymore for some reason she likes
the Chuck they got stolen so she's I
think it's ruined I think it's rune but
she wants to wrap the truck that got
stolen get rid of the color and then you
know act like it's a new one so maybe
that's what's gonna happen so please
don't hate me for yesterday's video mom
I think the eclipse is happening in our
living room
we have a vote even if you hate it go
with it are you telling me I need a fan
base name - mom we tried run guardians
we tried tan playing I did there's
nothing there's not it leave a comment
on that - because I'm kind of want to
call you guys something I want to have a
name but I always just say guys I don't
know what to call you guys there's
nothing that fits you know it's Tanner
Braungart yeah yeah nothing yesterday's
vlog I saw this comment and I loved it
says Tanner do whatever the fuck you
want
so I pinned it and I was like you know
what I should do whatever the guy want
my mom literally tried to steal my robe
guys sitting here chilling in her
bathroom that's not gonna fly oh my god
I forgot we had that thing do you do
that every morning I remember one day I
found a phone block in there hey was
doing online school you dropped out just
like I did right give an online school
dab right now hey yeah I was gonna throw
your arm Luna what are you doing
sleeping it is noon right now you were
literally just at Tristan look at her
belly because she got her surgery yeah
feels like the buzz cuts I used to get
whenever I was like seven years old huh
let's all go upstairs come on rose this
right hey hey hey wrong way hey there
you go this way Luna Luna this way oh my
god my dogs are stupid Roz Rosen even up
the stairs Luna I swear why are you
going outside we're gonna go play
upstairs you can't play outside
what dog plays outside I moved the doggy
door come on upstairs
you girls come here inside inside here
look I'll move the door now get through
hey be careful with the edge though
because there's no there's no foam pit
here I'll help you over Oh God
you know yeah alright now I am heading
out to go get a manicure pedicure
whichever one's probably your toes I
don't know my mom my brother and my
sister already left me like an hour ago
and they told me to meet him there I
don't know why I'm going but I'm going
I'm bringing my robe and if you guys saw
yesterday's pool edit whenever I was
doing flips and stuff here's a clip
those edits are pretty cool right well
here's what you don't see it's behind
the scenes and this one happened Wow I
sleep guys scared me I was like do I
dive no I might die if I dive I bet a
lot on my stomach that was a belly flop
eardrum flop yeah I almost died but
we're going now I wonder if this like
seals the deal of me being gay or not
like going to get one of these if you're
new to my channel and take offense to
that I have a gay brother so it's all
okay it's probably not I mean to me it
is hey did you not drive your new truck
to the place I thought why didn't you
drive your new truck don't have oh
that's right okay I have now been
chilling here waiting for like 15
minutes I don't know why I came so early
I it's my fault I know it looks like a
fishtail
that little hair right there snip all
right not quickly anymore I'm gonna
title this I cut her hair here let me
get a glance at it I actually took a
cosmetology school fine I'll take the
help from a somewhat professional
anywhere from there down well from there
down can you do it like there and there
now it's not clickbait Oh mom's I get my
microphone a haircut I'm not scared oh
there yeah well heck that a little trim
oh my god it's like an old man's beard
what's it like to know my microphone has
a better haircut than you
just eating a haircut to getting his
neck back here does not wait remember
that time you pulled the wax off of me
in my room so it's different
no like trust you to pursue Maya I'll
pull I don't trust
oh boy no I will enjoy I want I won't
pull it it looks like Teresa did you
want me to do this part too oh no you
are not ripping it that was me that did
it totally was that does not feel good
at all
yeah oh I got it bro I missed some there
I'll just put this in here unless you
want to donate it like Taylor you can
die are you getting your nails and
something done with us okay see you
later then and if you guys want a life
hack for whenever you see some like free
food remember you're gonna get hungry
later so guys my feet are so sweaty in
these Crocs whoever's doing my nails is
in for a treat imagine if I wore my pink
ones with the wall inside oh my god I
was gonna rep the Versace row but it is
hot as hell outside so that there's a
strong smell in here
we are back home now and you know what I
really want to know guys I want to know
how I have not met Kate Upton yet
because I get more likes than her on
Instagram I've followed her on Twitter
I've tweeted out her before I'm pretty
sure I've gotten her a lot of fans okay
I mean who wouldn't be a fan what I'm
saying is I can keep our relationship
strictly business if that's what you
want I mean I'm pretty sure she's
getting married like very soon but what
I'm getting at is I have no idea how she
has not seen my like videos or anything
like that she probably has she's
probably just playing hard-to-get I
don't know but I got a poster here
posters in my closet posters in my
basement
I got her under my fake fireplace and
some shoes I never wear these are just
better you know I'm saying I got her
behind my gaiter I got one under my
beanbag hey breakfast for dinner thank
you so much oh thanks mom how am I gonna
carry my camera and the pancake and this
you're gonna make two trips well my
mom's just brought down my trash can
thank you you have to like put it under
the desk in the back that way oh my god
I'm gross I'm disgusting that's all from
a day actually see I go get a glass boat
with water and ice and then my dogs
think out of it so I have to go get a
new one anyway my mom just brought down
a big package from Junior
this is fan mail because I never really
opened that much fan mail so I was like
you know what today's the day that's
always a point oh it has to be strong no
is it really is it when does it shock
you yeah yeah okay oh god it's not bad
that's a good prank though I'm keeping
this yeah this is the same one it's not
it's not as bad I'm not trying to G it's
not as bad he sent another shock pen I
think it was really freaking for this
five there's five in here for your mom
only Oh see I love opening fan mail but
whenever you go to Walmart and you buy
like a lot of stuff and then you have to
go back home and you have to fill your
bathtub bowl then you have to open the
fan mail and then you have to get the
stuff out of the bathtub and throw it in
the trash and clean up the fan mail and
then edit the video and then you have
two hours of footage it just sucks
overall bad bad thing dude
I'm so tempted to leave that in there
you should that's 600 party weight if I
point it up Rose is getting inside of my
emoji because she thinks it's a bowl I
kind of want to go swim because we need
to go use our pool for it closes oh I
feel like this shirt is for like a seven
year old so it actually like follows
your proportions we got to jump into my
pool a few more times because I needed
to live up the pool experience I got to
do a couple trampoline tricks dude I
could redeem myself from jumping off
there because you haven't seen any yet
Quentin but hmm I slept and literally
landed on my face slash eardrum in the
shallow end I'm gonna send it from the
sock all right
here I go
I'm actually gonna lend on this
trampoline look at it it's right there
it's not the very bottom there's no way
ready mom hi mr. company yeah guys I'm
gonna take off this bikini shirt I'm
gonna go inside I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and if you guys want some
merchandise you already know where it is
keep our calm thank you guys so much
watching don't we leave like your
friends the enjoyed subscribe to news
you just maybe
