what is going on guys today we were back
in today I'm like are almost 7 weeks
since I've driven that car it's so sad
I just want it done I just want it back
it's gonna be like another week and a
half
we're renting a house in LA if you guys
missed it let me turn a light if you
guys didn't know we are renting a house
in LA from September 7th through October
7th so a whole month there no Kansas
only California vlogs and I could not be
happier about it because I've lived in
Kansas all my life I don't really love
Kansas I mean I love this house but I
mean I can take all my favorite things
with me like trans Gator over there
leave me here suit yourself man I will
literally throw you in the pool you
think I give it I don't you're a bull
you know that I will leave you here I
won't think twice about it
what's up doe has all the product yeah
that sure looks like it says guys I know
dies I got a smiley face dip shirt on
today this one's sick all of them are
sick go check him out dibs clothing
comma anyway we missed Tristan because
he didn't come with us to California
this time oh you're coming with us for
the month we're staying we're gonna get
the dogs they're on a big trip are we
all taking the car together the dog she
wants all of us to go in the car mom she
has all these little stickers everywhere
I still feel them let me get one on Rose
let me get one don't buy my in those
things this little are they living do
they move or they just sit still
wherever they are they feel gross they
get stuck on my beanbag every time she
lays on them
thank you take it on that was pretty
small she's gonna hate her life mom Rose
already has too much first you give me
hot why is there blue spots on her for
her you got into some ink a cinnamon fan
mail or she's seen oh goodness
sorry is this on her now but yeah this
is for like a smaller dog so you need a
new truck today or not I don't know I
mean I'm sharing it so you don't need a
shower by truck it's not a rule I guess
before we do anything I have to go take
my sister to go eat you know I have this
finger on this ring I mean this what you
know what I mean you know
so whenever I'm in my r8 which is not
this car I can do this like if someone's
being rude I can be like boom
oh god this camera's gonna fall final
this whole day guess what Taylor we're
not gonna be here for a while so guess
what we can do let's get it okay maybe
this is too fast for the neighborhood
speed limit is 40 as you can see
guess what Taylor I can do whatever I
want I have a room
oh crap time they were getting pulled
over for real come on you kidding let's
go oh crap I better get the insurance
floss and a GoPro mount oh there it is
okay it was right on top oh crap oh crap
hey I'm gonna need to see your license
and registration oh nice ring I have the
same one now I'm just kidding I'm the
cop and the driver tail you want to do a
Burnout we might actually get pulled
over there let's do it okay this guy
lives here let's wait for him relief
goodbye I'm gonna do a donut run by the
way flipping people off and other things
is bad but if you have the Rings then
it's fine now huh you're not that ugly
not to cover your face Taylor we all go
through the awkward phase okay look at
my hair right now it looks bad let me
see this Lambo I'm good how are you yes
yes I'm ready I'm ready guys I'm so
jealous did you get the Huracan yeah
right did I promise my viewers next car
i buy is the Aventador I'm gonna make it
happen they're so expensive I'm not sure
I think the newer ones are automatic I
looked at some that were older and then
a lot of them were menu like 2000 dates
were so yeah I know I'm getting a house
for a month September 7th through the
October 7th perfect exactly I need to
use your phone pit because mine got
ruined when I put cereal all inside of
it yeah yours is like spread out across
your house all right well I guess I'll
let you go yeah I forgot to tell him
we're about to go truck shopping for my
mom let's do it all right we good to go
you ready to go get a truck
kind of this or the road definitely that
this are you sure mom mom I don't worry
that I've worth a robe in public
whenever I got it remember that's that
like this is Kansas I mean it's kind of
hot I don't even really need any you
know our dibs is good enough let's go
I got a drive separate just in case she
takes forever I don't want to be stuck
at a dealership look at that truck guys
it's gonna be gone soon no one's gonna
miss it I'm gonna honk then we go
Wow no no now here she comes
speed limits still 60 my mom drive just
like me
you guys remember well my alright
sounded like in this tunnel
this is why I need my alright this is
the same place we got the Corvette for
Quentin it is my mom doesn't want afford
this time she wants a Chevy I get an SUV
right no good at truck you're a truck
person you know what I said SUVs here
you do it for me I don't know what to do
really look at the finger my rings I
know quinton this is the super fast one
that I wanted to get you but I didn't
want to move all the cars and I didn't
want them to either do it that was an 18
bro that your hasn't even come yet oh
this one would have been sick to your
Clinton I'm so sorry this one just got
in the day after that we filmed that
video for Quentin this one's 2018 2/3
cup holders has a third seat in the
front and then it has snack seats are
nice take it for a spin
oh wow for everybody being like why
don't you buy it for her well I bought
the house and then also I'm renting the
house in LA and also I'm on a budget now
you know just about this it is not his
job to pay for my check it's totally
fine I basically work for him at this
point he pays me well we're fine we're
best friends it's like the weirdest
situation ever but we're good yeah and
if you and if you think otherwise
so that nice gentleman that's running
away just told us there's an app on your
phone with these trucks that you can
control like the lock on it you can do
Bluetooth you can do all that from
however far away you are because the
truck is connected to the app so if
we're in California and we're like I
wonder if someone's breaking into the
truck we can just you know like control
the truck I guess I mean we're probably
never gonna do that but they'll smooth I
mean the trucks tall so it has good
suspension I really like the color I
really like my thumbnail as you buy it
yes all this is about yes mom it's hard
to make videos in Kansas okay you know
that okay you need it for real see how
the backseat space compares to the force
am I supposed to crawl back there yeah
for all I want to know
feels pretty roomy I mean basically the
same or more and probably more what do
you think Justin oh I like it too do you
like it Taylor ha ha no calm down calm
down
don't be too high would you take this
part of California this truck I mean
you can get it wrapped up you can get a
freakin ultra tiffany blue mom
I dare you to speed as fast as I do in
the neighborhood no no no no just do it
here I'll hold the wheel gasps go go go
go go go go whoa no no no no I hear the
cops I do I'm not even kidding
look the fact you pull it out in front
of you back there you dick is this your
truck nope looks pretty good you should
buy it I'm gonna let you off with a
warning cuz your son so handsome in
there good night
so we're headed back to the dealership
and another reason I can't buy my mom a
truck is because I promised you guys the
next vehicle I buy will be a Lamborghini
Aventador so you know kind of in a
pickle
well mom if you get this truck will you
match blue Chevy trucks yeah that'd be
rad that one's pretty cool too let's go
look at that one guys don't tell my mom
but I'm getting kinda bored and I really
want a piece in a minute I need to go to
Best Buy and get a long charger as
luna-chick mine up yeah this one's
bigger
so Taylor interesting can get over it
it's not leather you're gonna freak out
or a sunroof yeah it's cool all right
guys my mom is going to finish her
shopping trip I'm gonna go Best Buy and
then home all right guys this time I'm
actually just gonna buy the two things I
need SD card and charger that's it all
right I only got one two three things so
that's not that bad I'm pretty proud of
myself what now what now what are you
chewing on some plastic I see you got
into an ink cartridge for a printer oh
my god here you are one SD card delivery
thank you so much look as a micro you
can plug it in so if you ever get like a
GoPro which I know you won't you can
slide it right in wow thanks also I've
noticed that you guys like the edits
that have been put in my videos I'd
gotten kind of lazy with editing so I
just deal like camera cut and then just
try to make a 10 minute long video but
now the videos will be better okay I
promise
so if you guys want to keep seeing at it
let me know look at that I'm sitting
here watching my edits right now these
are pretty sick like I love
this stuff I think it's hilarious and I
really need my own pair of those glasses
should that be the last mission of the
day I might go do that today you like my
edits Rose rose girl we got to get all
these things out of your tail look I
don't know if you guys can see all of
them look at that there's so many of
those little gray things she's not gonna
like this I don't even know if he'll
come out yep she doesn't like it
Rose that's gross and you're gonna get
them all in my bean bag again
look she'll try to bite my hand right
when I do it and the look is breaking
the comb holy crap toss your hair is
ridiculous
you're crazy here you can have these
back I guess because I don't know where
to put okay guys my mom's filming this
edit so just in case it's bad I'm sorry
it'll be good come on and my mom's never
even swam in this pool not one time you
you ought to do that before we go to
California because we're gonna have to
shut down the pool you know yeah it's
pretty you should try it out Rose swims
warned all of us so she got her use of
it let's start the Edit
I got my ring hey guys we're chillin
eating some carrots acting like we're
healthy guess what what my dog smells
like absolute you said that she ran down
the block mom mom did you say that Luna
ran down the street she just ran and
came back smelling like crap and you're
gonna make me give her a bathroom we
could use a doctor I never even use that
dog showers in the laundry room
come here we're gonna give you a dirty
it's a shower I don't know why but the
dog shampoo is literally chillin with
all my stuff in my shower my
presidential shower that is still really
weird-looking I could almost see over
the top of it now it's kind of
ridiculous and this is not my clothes
I'm not dirty okay although this would
look good on me so we have a lanyard and
then a hook and then we're gonna hook it
to her collar so she can't like run away
okay drop rose she doesn't need a bath
to meet God Rose God she smells so bad
oh I don't even know what the smell is
it's like a dead fish
okay Luna oh I don't want to touch the
nasty dog oh I don't know how to do this
I've never given her one of these you'll
get her moist and then you put product
on the fur hi stop it it's broken and
yep she broke it oh my gosh we're
literally flooding my frickin whatever
we need right now flooding my laundry
room
hello very carefully now we just rub it
all in it shouldn't have that much / I
mean not as much as Rose so this should
be kind of easy
good girl stay in that shower what guy
want anything from Sonic no get me
something from a real place like tea
brewing er calm though okay before she
starts shaking I'm out of here
I'm recording by the camera I can get
wet hey loser do my own job I know I
heard
I thought it'd be funny or fine for
thank you guys so much for watching this
video don't forget like you Terrance we
enjoyed subscribe he knew hey I see you
guys in the next one
you came in looking like that you just
made
