well there's one good thing about
staying on the first floor of a hotel
Brett what is in the way
well I thought so if I can get this
thing off and won't even let me open the
door never mind there's zero good things
I was gonna say we could just step out
and leave but apparently not once again
what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day we're with Dylan Jake Tanner
where are we going are you blogging to
rodeo road a I'm gonna buy him dumb
things yeehaw does anybody else buying
dumb stuff I am not into anything like
clothes nothing I only like cars and
like I wear like the same every day
I go anywhere with Dylan i go to i go to
rode a lexeme i bought a freaking car
Deering I like because it's funny and
because I'm into designer stuff but I
can't afford it him I'm not like no
virgin I'm not into any of that stuff if
you're with Dylan you're gonna spend a
lot of money and it's really annoying
and you're gonna look like that's kind
of stupid and then you're like oh well
that jacket I bought that was like the
first cool thing that I mean I think
you're rockin did like I would much
rather wear this well I want to buy ring
and a robe robe is funny ring is I've
never had a ring so you know please
don't label me as an asshole okay look
at all the other youtubers buying
$20,000 bags it's like I did not get
Starbucks I got a gas station donut and
a banana
cuz I'm healthy I try to balance myself
you know they look back at it with
passing every car we see look it's like
they're not even moving well you have to
go you have to sing with me too I'm
gonna be singing oh my it's called Baby
by Justin Bieber okay ready
ah I know you love me I know you care
just shout whenever
it does everywhere that's our first stop
we go Cartier I think it's called made
it actually it's like a mile up there we
gonna walk because there's no place at
the park let's say that guys no one here
is going to take me seriously because I
didn't bring my expensive jacket last
time I came here I had Crocs and I don't
think one worker came out to me the
easies might bring in some but no you
saw the video
I hate when you're like trying to go
into Louie Vuitton trying to get some
stuff and they're just like they don't
think you're serious cuz you got crossed
look at out dirty just like a wiener dog
what's like from the Pradas you run into
in LA you know if they're being Jake
Pollard's on the streets and stuff like
that coyote is actually do you know who
Logan Paul is no you Jay Paulus no we're
actually not interviewing anyone about
dogs this might be the single most
terrifying thing I've seen in my life
look at how real my god did I actually
thought I always about to have a
conversation with I was like they have
models now I smell marijuana I do smell
marijuana can't escape it just like
Hawaii
that's ten thousand money's right there
the first jewelry store we're not having
much luck in here though I just like you
have to buy something to go to the
bathroom now really good going I'm going
I'm going to the bathroom it's one
person you want to join me yeah I'm just
gonna turn around we made it into the
bathroom without buying something so
last time they would not let me go to
the bathroom here unless I bought
something we're just not gonna do come
open the door I don't think so tell me
well film you are you peeing I'll get
some you Mikey I have to poop though
look at that shiny car mine's gonna be
better though he already knows it look
he's staying way back there you scared
hey here's what we're looking at guys
you know photos got it my life now in
the bath it's just so tight you know is
it tight
I mean it's how hard is yours to get off
Tanner you want it to be pretty tight
yeah I think that's a pretty good size
yeah she'd know oh if I extend if I
extend my finger yeah okay okay then I
won't lose it if it's like that I can
always smaller it fits on your your ring
finger on our right ring then it's not
like you're married right yeah reserve
your left hand yeah I'll take this yeah
I like that
yeah thank you so much fancy bag fancy
water fancy if you water rings just the
ringing that's my dad Oh glimmers in the
Sun now we're gonna get something way
better a robe wait for what reason for
sitting in my room okay what you got to
do it in Stalag you can't get no $20 oh
right exactly
you guys know my like red carpet shirt
this bag would be perfect right now for
if I had that on but I don't so if any
of you are freaking out right now I need
to defend myself people even get mad
and you need to make yourself happy with
a nice diamond rings I know it's it's an
investment okay it's gonna go up in
value if I want to sell it then I'll
sell it but for now it's shiny
mom if you're watching this this was
more than my first car no way that was
whether you must take it we are here we
win we mailed it if I make like what
about a flip I'll pick three random
things Versace and buy it now we got
Eagles out here there they aren't even
humans anymore
asshole part to rape Lourdes Nord can
wear a cool robe that's probably more
expensive than I can wear this one it's
alright no no no he only has a polo road
you've just outdone bait board noise
okay every comments gonna be your
Hollywood it's a joke I promise it's
just funny all right change of plans
guys we were gonna go to tanners and
warehouse but then we decided we didn't
want to do the four hour round trip
my mom was tired and so was my sister so
we decided to come back to the hotel I
didn't even get a second bye - Dylan -
Tanner and oh and Jake and Jake I'll see
him again soon enough but I wanted to
talk to you guys about why we're going
to be moving here for a month possibly
longer if we'd like it we're just
renting this house this first time
around I said in my video two days ago
that thought I was going to give an
explanation about it in the next video
and then I never did so I wanted to do
it in this video so a lot of things have
been happening over like the past about
a month I'd say with a lot of different
things from friends family like YouTube
traveling like everything like that and
I already made one video talking about
this a little bit it was this video
right here in that video I kind of went
over some things about why Hawaii trip
wasn't that fun and being stressed out
about videos I was just gonna make my
videos more fun for me and I was just
gonna try to have a happier time while
filming them not have to worry that much
and that's basically what I've been
trying to do as you guys can tell you
might have been enjoying my videos a
little bit more I've been acting a
little bit more like myself I'd say the
last three videos on my channel were
some of my favorites I thought they were
really funny and there's probably a
number of different reasons for that one
of them being that I'm out in LA and I
love it here I've told you guys numerous
times why I love it here so much the
environment and the people like people
understand me people understand my brain
there's not many people that can relate
I mean I have supporters back home but I
can't like really relate to someone on a
personal level like I can't other
youtubers and entertainers here in the
business and I'm guessing most of you
guys know that I've had pretty bad
anxiety and depression over the last
like few years and
basically been telling myself like it'll
get better and I've been trying to like
find different ways you know I tried
some anxiety medicine and I tried some
counseling but nothing solved my issue
completely if you guys didn't know
whenever I get like I don't know if it's
from stress or I haven't really figured
out completely I'm trying to whenever I
have like really bad stress I get really
bad pain like right here and just around
this area it's like my abdomen I don't
know I talked to you guys about a long
time ago I had surgery to try to figure
out what it was and after that surgery I
kind of had this peace of mind that all
right the surgery came back there was
nothing really wrong with me so I just
need to relax and try to have fun so
after we moved into our new house I had
new volume material I had all this new
excitement in my life for like you know
two months and I was so hype about it
but after a while you realize like a
house is just a house and it just goes
to show material things are not like
really what makes you happy this ring
that I bought today is not gonna make me
happy it was just funny and I mean it's
an investment you know and it's cool you
know like all these youtubers buy stuff
so I was just you know trying to fit in
it was a fun day with my friends so you
know what we bought it it's cool for the
vlog and it was a good thumbnail right
you're watching this video but stuff
like this will not make you happy
obviously you know what did spongebob
say that one time all that glitters is
not gold
he's not so for like a month and a half
two months I didn't feel any pain and I
was just you know I was doing pretty
good not stressing out that much I had a
girlfriend I was doing really well
coming up with new videos idea is always
stressful but I was managing it back
then I was doing pretty good and then
over this last month it came back so
hard like I know you guys can tell I
know you can see it in my videos like I
obviously push through it because I
don't want to be negative on my channel
in any way I want to be positive I want
to be a positive life for you guys I
want to be someone that you guys can
look up to I want you guys to watch my
videos and be happy because of them I
don't want you guys to be drugged down
by them in any way nothing like that so
no matter how hard things got for me I
would push that stuff to the side focus
on making a video and even if I had the
worst side pain during that video and I
had to curl up in a ball on my bed and I
couldn't move for five hours and I'm
sitting there trying to listen to like
old rock music that calms me and stuff I
would still hit the record button right
after that like in Hawaii I had that
horrible pain and it was it was the day
at the black sand beach when I lost the
GoPro strap of Quentin's in that video
it went from us being at the beach and
then I just cut like to the evening of a
sunset and then I did the edit but what
I'm getting at is no matter what I've
always done that for you guys but in
Hawaii it got so bad that I was just
like I I don't even know what to do I
can't even fake it anymore so I just sat
down the camera for like three days came
back home made that video and then it
was just you know it was in for a little
bit so I was still trying to make videos
after that I was making them like every
other day or so and I was really
struggling and then we came to Los
Angeles this trip right now and we went
shopping and I just got that jacket and
that made me really happy I was pretty
hype about that and then we sat down at
what was it Cheesecake Factory and I was
sitting there with my mom and my sister
and I just had all these people around
me and everybody was talking super loud
basically it was this big scene and I
don't know I just have the worst social
anxiety I've talked about that in the
past too
sometimes whenever I'm around a lot of
people I'm fine but other times like my
brains freaking out I want to get out of
there I want to sit down in an empty
hotel room it just depends and I talked
to my mom about it my mom's the best mom
ever I've talked to her about everything
in my life sitting there in the
Cheesecake Factory I made a conscious
decision to just be happy like I'd
rather be happy than upload every day
I'd rather be happy you have to sit on
therefore going wherever I'd rather be
happy then stress all the time
because if you're not happy all the
stuff that's going on in your life
really does
nothing like it means nothing at all and
I've been the counselors in Kansas as
well and I talk to them not to discredit
them at all but I decided that I wanted
to get one out here I wanted to be with
a celebrity counselor this talk to
celebrities dealt with stuff that's
going on through my head and basically I
decided I'm gonna do everything I can to
get better because I'm tired of being
sad I'm tired of being in pain I know a
lot of it's probably like genetics
whatever but I'm just sick of it and I
don't want to live like sad anymore I
always talked myself out of tweeting
stuff whenever I'm like that I always
talk myself out of like saying I
seriously need some help or something
like that but I just talk myself out of
it because I don't want to be negative
you know so what we did is we got a
counselor I'm gonna start seeing him
twice a week whenever I get back out
here like I said a few minutes ago we
were working on getting a house for rent
out here we're just gonna run it for a
month I don't think it's gonna be
anything insane or anything like that
but it will be a place that we can
actually stay out here and not have to
live out of a hotel room hotels are nice
but they're also like expensive and not
very big not much like a home at all and
also going to Zach the clothing guy's
house I love him so much I love having
talks with him people that I can relate
to like that that are way above me way
better than me in life I love talking to
them I love learning from them I love
listening and I've learned so much like
I don't want to sit in Kansas where I
continue to be sad I want to like try to
get help out here where people can
understand me wherever I'm happiest I'm
gonna go that's just it and if I'm out
here and I miss Kansas I missed our home
or whatever I'm just gonna fly back and
be at our house like I don't think we're
gonna sell our house in Kansas by the
way there's probably no one that will
buy it anyway pretty sure like five
million dollar houses have been sold in
Kansas over the last like two years and
the biggest thing that I want you guys
take away from this video is that if I
can get through it you can get through I
know a lot of you guys go through the
similar things I know all you guys go
through hard times and during those
times you need to do whatever you have
to do to be happy whether it's anxiety
medicine counseling or just watching Jim
Carrey speeches on YouTube those are
really good here's one right here it's
called Jim Carrey the meaning I'm pretty
sure and I think what's most important
is that you stay with your family and
you just try your best to be happy you
try your best to look for the good times
because the good times will come and I
believe firmly that I will beat whatever
I'm going through I will eventually be
happy I will eventually have kids and be
okay and learn because I feel like
that's all just a part of life and I
have people to help me there are people
that can help you as well if you guys
going through any of the similar stuff
and I also decided to just stop worrying
about money as much I'm not gonna go
crazy I'm not gonna be like stupid and
stuff but like if I want to go to a nice
dinner with my friends then I'll do it
I'm not gonna freaking think twice about
it I'm just gonna do it and I feel like
a lot of people should do that work hard
in life and make sure you can afford it
but don't be afraid to have fun and
relax because you can't take your money
to the grave you might as well have fun
while you're here I mean I guess your
kids can have it but they're probably
just like rooting for you to die at that
point same with like being an organ
donor on your license you know I feel
like there's just people out there
rooting for me to die but yeah we fly
out tomorrow we're going back home to
Kansas for I don't even know a little
bit so yeah that is basically what I
wanted in this video with I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you guys seriously
so much for watching my videos
supporting me I have a ridiculously
supportive fanbase you guys kill all of
my likes and everything the comments you
guys leave the views just everything I
don't even know how to say thank you
more than I already have like if I could
I would just get a rope for all of you
guys to just throw it to the camera this
is actually a joke right here it's
basically a towel anyways yeah thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
don't really like them through the front
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys next one I love
you guys and I'll see you later peace
you just maybe
