okay guys I have not had a shower yet
it's like halfway through the day it is
super hot I've been like trying to learn
a Secutor trick hold up I'll try it
right now I can't do it but we are here
and my car is actually getting wrapped
today all jokes aside it is getting done
it's gonna be done like within a few
days been to doing the brakes then we're
doing all the extra stuff I wish I could
show you guys it right now it is so
beautiful there's not gonna be anyone in
the world that has the same like exact
stuff like I don't know how to explain
it without giving it away but it's gonna
be amazing
I'm here with Dylan Hawkins I'm here
with Jake and Jules Tanner is on his way
they were going to one of the other
owners of dibs his house I've been there
before Zach you guys already know him
Zach the clothing guy his house is
freaking insane his little kid Saxon is
super cute
and Zach sent me a picture saying he has
a surprise for me and had a picture of
an Audi r8 in it so I'm so excited for
today Porsche 911 Turbo don't know 2008
Ferrari a Porsche GT 4c I know cars
I know cars not really but you know I'm
getting that I'm gonna stand here in
case of emergency I can't do it oh oh
that was clean look at it guys I can't
show you but look at it still torn apart
I'm getting these coloured what color is
it
it's I walked Villa Park Zillow that's
right yeah if you guys saw yesterday's
video I pulled a little funny I need to
take your shower and I'll see you guys
in a little bit Oh my mom left 10
minutes before us but I bet that we get
there before her dude I freaking miss my
car so much is it unlocked
nope knock knock yeah
I miss this house so much guys we got
dibs everywhere I have my dibs tank top
on the way is my mom here yet the
railings gone this time guys so we can
run and jump off there into the pool we
don't have to worry about anything do we
hit up the roof hit up the roof highway
let's do it his rooms way up here if you
guys remember I freakin love his room
it's been my Twitter header forever
the roofs still getting worked on by the
way though look at the bathroom whose
closet he's got his kids toys in there
he's got it iMac in the closet out onto
the roof we go I'm just gonna make
myself at home like you said take off my
shoes my nasty easy is look at that
that's bad Zack I do not know how to
open your door from your room to the
roof can you figure it out Dylan oh oh
yes I remember walking on these last
time and them like breaking away I want
to gain her but I'm scared these plates
are gonna slip this is the chimney you
can jump off that's my favorite thing
operation get rid of the shingles so we
can put just throw them and break them
yeah I'm so close to the head right now
we gotta Tanner's gonna send it first
from the chimney little ghost yeah but
we gonna send it from there we got a
jump from up there too come on what kind
of nails are these whoever made this
roof did a good job wasn't going
anywhere
we have permission to okay
we're gonna break these two so we can
actually flip okay just break the hell
out of our feet down here it's working
yeah we're almost good just break that
one no the other one the bigger one yeah
one more
oh thanks jump in the fun
too close too close that's why I'm
scared you jump off there I'm not to
barely miss okay up on to the top watch
out don't step on those by the way yeah
the tarp the tarp has a sky god no you
let's go to the very corner and see
we're peaking everyone's like nice
because they're saying I think we can
barely miss it but it's too scary the
safest way to do it would be to go from
like right there agonal if those little
plates were gone like we just did that
then I'd do it because then I could see
to land in the pool you have to sideways
not were that Jake's out here with the
bloody foot what was that even from but
I like was walking up it wasn't the jump
that killed me it was me walking I
scratch messes up the roof yeah the roof
sketch alright guys loose jumping is
over I got a better shirt on now I'm
about to go downstairs now Zach we can
take the all right out right now because
I need to drive one I I'm having
withdrawals bruh let's do it so I
haven't even seen many of these jackets
look at them taking one let's see one on
let's turn around with Oh question who's
coming with me in the RA
I have always I have cloud goggles
he has goggle I really don't care
as long as I'm in the driver's seat I've
only driven a rental van one time here
but the rental van was pretty cool so I
think I can handle that all right so
this is actually a 2013 basically all
the models of the Audi's from the first
generation all right look basically the
same up until the 15 I think it was then
they switched over to the new design but
I think this design looks the best in my
opinion look it's got carbon fiber just
like mine does look at the motor it's a
v8 it's not the v10 plus it's still sick
all right we're in the clear oh geez
this little thing where it's like a
little switchblade so it feels so much
more loose in the steering wheels in
mine oh my gosh once so tight I wanted
this at first but then I got so used to
it like look I'm not even used to
driving in the city
I cannot wait till we get out on an open
road so I can just give it some gas feel
the wind in my hair my challenger
doesn't do that for me my truck sure as
hell does even the speed limit I don't
know anything you all right guys we can
open it up here we go
oh that's the same Quattro system the
four-wheel drive is such good control
next Friday I get my car back and you
better believe I'm putting for ten
thousand miles on it first day we're
gonna pull over and swap in a little bit
and I'll get the other guys driving it
because I'm sure they'll want to oh I
was it it was amazing okay not as fast
but yeah get in
I hardly ever sit in Forces Porsches
whatever the hell I come abortion
Tanner's in there it's my turn bye
we are back guys we're here we made it
everyone's alive so we have someone
going to get Taco Bell I'm about to eat
like five tacos getting Taco Bell some
girl in there so we're gonna do a little
mini Tramp sesh because why not
hope my microphone does you die I'll
move these cows here let's move that
umbrella you're good yeah you turn
damn soccer skills fight is on everybody
Floyd money Mayweather vs Conor
McGregor's I don't think I can film this
I'll definitely get like arrested it's a
pay-per-view and my microphones about to
die so I would just see you guys in a
little bit it's over when that crazy I'm
happy one because imagine you win 49
fights and lose to someone who isn't
even a boxer good job go ahead now go
into the hotel suite because that's the
plan it's kind of loud in here thank you
thank you today I love this thank you
let me drive the car we took it out for
a second spin me and Dillon right back
because it's what is tomorrow Sunday
tomorrow is going to be house shopping
I'm pretty sure house rent shopping and
then and then I think I'm gonna buy a
robe and yeah we're gonna go ahead in
this video here because my microphones
about to die and I hope you guys enjoyed
this video the case I'm was watching
guilty people I can trust you enjoyed
subscribe Seenu and I'll see you guys
you just maybe
