hey Dylan Oh what the heck I'm not done
Mitchell Oh guess what guys you guys saw
that I bought that jacket yesterday
right
I bought a jacket this one was $500 this
is like the first expensive thing
besides the easies that I've ever bought
and that's like closed see I go on these
little spending sprees where I spend no
money and then like once a month we'll
spend a little bit anyway okay so here
it is I told my mom it was five hundred
dollars and I wanted to bamboozle her
whenever she came up this morning she
said she's downstairs right now getting
some food so whenever she comes back up
I'll tell her the real price it was two
thousand two hundred fifty dollars for a
jacket but it looks pretty sick it has
like the world on it would you approve
of that I approve them before you
purchase exactly yeah I was I was like
yo I'm by this I'd seen it like four
times before talking myself out of it
this time I was like no I'm mom buy it
so we're waiting for then to come back
up and then she's gonna freak
actually with tax it was almost 2500 how
long till you're gonna be off the phone
oh yeah I got some news about my car all
about you okay she's left again Taylor
knows how much actually cost it was
actually like twenty five hundred
attacks I'll set that right there so I
remember we're gonna prank our whoo-hoo
no open it up right there hit me with
that I'm gonna take that little zipper
and Brandon on you just say yeah right
after that I went into this other store
and they were like treating me all nice
and stuff it's so funny guys check out
my car hold up let me zoom in real quick
check that out it's completely torn
apart right now we're gonna go back to
st wrap today take a look at it I was
there yesterday like my mom and I were
talking about we discussed all the
colors all the details of the car we've
had the color figured out for like a few
weeks now it's going to be insane it's
gonna be one of a kind one of one
there's not gonna be any more like it
and Ramin the guy with se rap guaranteed
that no one will probably ever copy me
because of a lot of reasons I'll get in
that later but I'm so hyped to see it's
good to be insane I'm scared to see it
torn apart but that just means it's one
step closer to being done I want it back
so bad it gets done next Friday so
whatever day that is and then the
weekend September 8th through the 10th
I'm gonna come back and we're gonna have
the car shipped back home I want to
drive it in Kansas just because there's
a lot more open roads there's a lot of
traffic here even though we might be
getting a house here like renting one I
just want to back home for now I can
always just ship it back out I mean
that's a lot of shipping but I don't
care I want to back home so that's the
plan right now and check out what I got
under this jacket ready boom t Brown
Greg calm boy check it out boy look as a
G and then a B it makes it diamond boy
we'll see you guys never heading out my
mom's like getting ready right now and
yeah it's gonna be a good day whoa oh by
the way if you guys follow me on
instagram at Tannenberg RI posted a
picture yesterday oh and on snapchat
inner underscore b-24 Isis bling it with
me everywhere yesterday and I'm gonna
take it everywhere today it is so soft
and just bring a blanket everywhere you
go if you travel cuz you won't regret it
it's just it's heavenly Dylan and I are
going to get some Starbucks dude please
don't kill me I drove with this kid one
time and I swear it's a scariest thing
ever bro I drift on dirt roads like
empty dirt roads he does that in the
middle of the street to be fair you're
probably a better driver but you know oh
god what are these called the clout
clout bug clout goggles we could really
ride in style god damn
quick detour before st wrap though we're
going to the mall again we're looking at
a robe that he was telling me about cuz
as you guys know my grey robe I don't
really wear it that much anymore I think
I lost it cuz it's not in my little coat
rack anymore but yeah I'm gonna check
out a new one apparently it's black and
gold so we'll see and he's about to do
the Karla set off car alarm challenge in
the garage here his car is pretty loud
ooh yeah whatever that's awesome dude I
want to do that so bad
well my exhaust be able to do that yeah
Wow well we came here and I'm just gonna
wait till we go to LA Saturday because
the one we were looking for wasn't here
so whatever I'm just gonna wait I'm
gonna be responsible you good girl
yeah Bush Bush came out of nowhere
there's a patch where's my gosh look at
it dude I never knew how much stuff's in
a car you know you guys know I'm not a
car guy but thank you I cannot wait for
this to be done it's gonna be done soon
guys I don't show them that rap keller
real quick the secret stuff yeah it's a
secret okay I think we're gonna get all
of it done well show you guys just give
us like 30 minutes we're just gonna do
it real quick I'm trying to making you
guys wait so we'll get it done no never
been done before he has it in his hand
right now
one-of-a-kind let's end it so we can't
show you guys the whole car yeah but uh
here's a sample all right guys here we
go
never done before check it out just
glimmers it's kind of like a greenish
yellow but has it like a hint of blue
like right around here it's pretty sick
I don't know what I want to call it yet
though like looks kinda like like
coleslaw I don't know kind of like quick
quick bate Zilla yeah let me smooth out
we're just about to smooth out we'll get
the rest of the car down like today but
uh yeah I'm lying right now this is this
is Tanner Fox's rabbit didn't know we're
doing something a little different
though and it'll be done like I said
next Friday
so gotcha ha ha there actually is
someone trying to copy tanner though so
duty are right here it's not the same it
kind of matches the seats but I mean
it's alright let's go to Tanner Fox's
and we have a gift for Tanner Fox 2 it's
right in this box I call dibs to give it
to him ha ha ha
here I'll wrap it wrap the box clever ok
we're ready to give it to him so I said
earlier in this video that we were gonna
ship my car back home because I really
wanted to back home just had a talk with
my mom
and there's stuff that I'll make another
I'll make a whole video about what I've
been thinking about lately but we are
gonna be running a house here soon
like for weeks for like four weeks we
don't know we're at yet we don't know
anything but I'll definitely make a
video about it so gotta go deliver a
package see you later
look at that guys Taylor is a woman of
her word there it is who knows me better
who do you think won actually wasn't me
so I don't know where I was going with
that my house not the wrong Tanner's
house bro yes I'm ready oh wait what's
that called let me think of it flare
that I kind of want to like go down this
a little bit if I teach you you're gonna
be a little asshole again that was
awesome
I'm the only one here that can skew Durr
I mean that wasn't amazing but your name
tanner yeah the only Dylan I know you're
the only Jake on it actually Jake
where's Dylan Mitchell Tanner look at us
we're all just copies of each other tell
you what my sister Taylor your
girlfriend it's never-ending I'm scared
to go down because I'm gonna die oh my
god is that 10 or under it's up like
okay where can I get that we're gonna
find that broker calm this man's is
scootering and Yeezys that's a title
alone get that you just have to click
keep climbing go look at that I'm gonna
get the speed like
letter we all have P and yes so I can't
scoop but I can park for it up so that's
all I got ha ha not bad for a infant
that was dumb I love you your birthday
is in December right yeah wait we took
it off my car I sent him a snatch I made
him think that I was driving my car that
color yeah but joke's on you cuz I'm
colorblind I'm like is this your color
is this Dib it is dibs oh my did
clothing clothing Instagram no seriously
brothers shits fire I've been wanting
this I love you dude this is so now we
can match I actually brought that shirt
so yeah I'm not even playing or not no
I've wanted this I've wanted these
shirts dude is that all that's in here
I'm sure we got you more yeah yeah
there's a hat is everything yo the
original Fox Brannon look I swear to god
I'm where I gotta wear these this man's
I think they gave you more everything
than Wright does this is my company
Tanner look at this
and do I get a pair of those glasses
that Dylan will show me gargles the
outfit is poppin oh baby guys guys guys
guys dibs clothes II get it the link in
description if you want this shirt right
I think it is dibs clothing on it's
Graham dibs clothing calm I don't know
if it is guys never we get a house out
here we're gonna have to drive our dogs
because I'm not about to put them on an
airplane because I think that's kind of
torturous to him cuz you know get hot
and whatever else is Kirby dude I cannot
wait Jiro's you copy
yeah we both have gold retrievers - oh
my god
everybody's names are the same man we
had the same dog and were the same
height and the same age we are that's
ridiculous I'm gonna do a giant road
trip with my dogs rose and Luna will be
in a car for like 21 hours we're gonna
bring them here and it's gonna be fun
look look at that leg go roses to meet
Amy that'll be the day weapon she's
excited Dylan is gonna go teach me how
to drive stick shift let's go find my
camera is about to die so let's do it
okay I just got done then we did an hour
and a half of trampoline I'm back in the
game just kidding I'm actually exhausted
and I'm gonna be sore tomorrow but my
mom and sister I had an out where you
guys going okay have fun I think we're
on a go oh yeah I'm doing a Q&A weekly
Q&A that I don't do weekly let's do it
did you know that there are other
youtubers to collaborate with in LA not
just Hannah Fox well he doesn't live in
LA you don't live in Diego and also
there is Dylan Hawkins - Jake Angell's
so they're right here when are you
getting new Haley's whenever I get to
make my own I'll wear those what is your
car gonna be finished next Friday are
you going to get into scootering
obviously not right oh god why why would
you ever do that not looking at it what
is that cheetah face oh no it's your
face that's your worst fear it's that
freaking trypophobia
tanner come here he's like
so nasty oh you like over the phone I
got it what is your favorite iPhone game
I've already explained this it's that
skateboard game true skate not sponsored
check this out it's like the best look I
have my perk bottles as my board cuz I
can make whatever I want I'm on my own
skateboard on this game like that's my
face
kuna has been interrupted okay guys we
are back in the hotel sorry my camera
died we're looking at houses and we're
gonna finish the Q&A what's the biggest
fish you've cut um caught a catfish once
I caught a sailfish in Mexico one time
 yeah thing was like that big by
the way guys there's gonna be a video
tomorrow of me explaining why we're
moving here for a month and just
everything that's been going on yeah
I'll do I mean
I'm gonna retweet for a bathtub P o box
opening Kim how many retweets for him to
destroy your bathroom there's no number
big enough where did all of you guys
meet how did we all meet where did we
meet
I met you finally finally at sdram we I
would always come to Tanner's house and
he wouldn't be here and then he come
right back right when I leave and then
we talked on Twitter I met you outside
tempest and then we went in the meet I
met Tanner outside tempest I saw it in
his GTR without asking before I knew it
all right or Rose both who has the
bigger sausage I don't even like sausage
him I'm not a huge fan of sausage and
bacon kind of get ruined for me but I
mean I don't really bacon soup and
sausage and I be fast yeah when your car
is done you will you all race three-way
race yeah three-way race yeah who do you
think's actually gonna win the re
adversity TR I think my detriment yeah I
think you're gonna win versus my RA
what no Beth I think Tanner's gonna win
the re vs. GTR because I do it
yeah his GTR is faster than most ETRS
for one he knows how to drive a supercar
way better than me he's had it for way
longer he knows more about cars you know
unless I get like a nitrous oxide like
you know backseat just fold you shake up
a bunch of soda and kind of sneak out
the window why don't you wear your Apple
watch anymore my mom asked me that all
the time
yeah my mom's gonna steal it she can
basically have it at this point guys I'm
not a watch guy why do you think I don't
have like a fancy watch they pull my arm
hair it's just not okay but yeah thank
you guys so much for watching this video
and don't really like insurance if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys the next one
you just maybe
