finally we got a new microphone I got my
fluffy microphone back my little uh what
do I call raccoon what is going on guys
today we're back and today hope you guys
are all having a great day
hopefully this sounds better look how
big my microphone looks now it's like as
big as my camera I'm surprised they
can't see it in the wind today I'm
filming a video with Taylor for her
channel they were making one for
Tristan's channel she's definitely gonna
kill this microphone now look at it
notice anything different I got it back
got a new Dib shirt on today damn 3/4 I
look bad in 3/4 except for this one
actually fits my honor how many roses do
we have around here we got this rose we
got that rose and we got that rose we
got this rose where's the actual rose
there she is she's chillin in her normal
hiding spot she hates whenever I mess
with her when she's down here she will
ignore me and she doesn't even care look
she's throwing you around you don't even
care look she's literally dragging you
around Rhodes right now what were you
saying now yeah there's two of them huh
you have any roses on your clothes no
okay hmm no oh there it is okay
no more excuses buddy here you go you
think you're gonna put on a tank top you
had all summer to get your summer body
I'd only hear it I'm in a pretty good
mood today cuz tonight I'm getting my
hair back blonde it's kind of blonde
right now but I want it like blonde
blonde again like this picture right
here I need to grow it out a little bit
longer and just get that flow back cuz
look at it look at this dude it's just
dead it looks like my microphone and I
leave for Los Angeles tomorrow playing
suck but I love LA so I'm going there to
meet with Kindle from Big Time Rush
again I think then I'm gonna check up on
my car and maybe collab with someone I
don't know about that one I'm gonna get
done with this longer you guys want to
play some hide insane we're gonna do
floor is lava hide-and-seek you know why
I never did the floor is lava I just
thought it was kind of stupid probably
is but if we mixed in with hide-and-seek
which people love then it's okay we'll
come up with the rules in a little bit
but alright let's go film
Taylor you're the first person using
this new lens I haven't even use it yet
you could use my microphone though so I
found one that
okay really setting all this up for you
because you're not even a real youtuber
thank you guys so much for watching I'll
have a new video next Thursday and every
Thursday after that I promise this time
yeah bye bye guys
perfect now in real lava situations you
could just like throw a pillow on the
ground on the lava and walk over it so
the only rule is you just can't touch
the ground ground stairs don't count as
ground you can still walk up the stairs
but like right now I would not be able
to stay in here now if I was standing on
the fan I'd be fine break the fan yeah
then you gotta like go and find this
spot and hide okay ready like not it
okay you could
why don't you gonna use that camera
Tristan you go use your own putting your
SD card Taylor you use the SD card that
was already in there let's get it I've
never watched anybody elses the floor is
lava challenge so if I'm doing it wrong
I don't care okay you can chill in here
don't have too much fun
let's go Cheston okay whenever you leave
my room the floor becomes lava let me
see we might need to bring something
count two minutes since the floor is
lava Tristan's got a towel I got a towel
let's do this once you get like up
upstairs you can't use the towel anymore
taverns off by the time you get to the
stairs why it because it's cheating okay
ready let's go what is that game called
when you hop in the bag this is
basically that game where would they
hide if they can't like get in the
places really that's gonna be difficult
I need to think of my hiding place
okay stairs we can walk on these what if
the floor was only lava to your feet and
you could just handstand everywhere oh
my god well that's perfect I can just
scoot in the hamp Taylor's probably
wondering what these thuds are today
there's a bag and you step on a bag step
over here okay rug does not count as the
lava
okay what's push this pillow over there
and boom and be okay okay now to figure
out which one of these lights lights up
the room no no
okay I don't know where else to hide but
I can fit a freaking hamper okay I need
this blanket throw that right there yeah
into Tristan's bathroom I'm just gonna
hang out the shower and if it like burns
my feet and always turn the water on
I didn't have time okay I was too busy
doing parkour okay so I just heard
tanner
or Taylor scream very loudly so I'm
assuming that means that Aaron just got
found I win probably interested to find
them yet no I can't help that's Jeannie
I heard I'm over here Oh a visit office
yeah that way that was a warm-up Ken yes
all right so Taylor is it now yeah you
got two minutes on the clock
go 1 2 3 4 8 9 10 11 12
okay I'm currently right here on a
pillow behind this mattress 59 60 61 62
May 31 minutes 32 minute 33 I'm getting
bored all right good enough good enough
let's send it
oh there's Quentin ha ha is that still
joke ready or steady here I Freddie here
I come
right now oh my gosh Oh somebody you got
me you got me leave me to them following
you Luna anywhere you go I'll go okay
upstairs okay let's check in here here
we'll check in the closet
Luna Luna Luna in close um I don't think
they're under the sheets either okay now
you're just being lazy
I'll check the closet and I'm gonna
waddle it up here what what let's go I
might go with roses instinct I don't
know if you've got it in you do people
still go in here I don't think someone
could be under those that long it's
really hot in there and I ain't about to
get in what what was that one dog that
like told people someone was trapped in
a well you trying to tell me something
let's check Taylor's room huh Taylor's
closet um no okay no one's upstairs Luna
let's head out what was that boy huh
well she's not a boy come out come out
wherever you are
leave me - um rose tanner okay remember
they have to be somewhere where they can
stand on something bathroom no office no
there's always someone in a closet in my
mom's room but they'd have to be
standing on something hood make sense
what guys I need help rose lead the way
lead the way
Oh she led me right to you I passed she
she kept coming over here I think you
just fantastic he said you
we said no outside right Tyler dude she
could be downstairs I see a crack in the
movie room door no she had to been
upstairs she's upstairs she has to be no
maybe not in the movie room I cannot
find her anywhere
there's rose again there was another
rose 10 on here so I'm going without a
shirt Taylor if I'm getting these in my
socks for nothing
she's not in the closet but the beads
are back in Tristan's room what you're a
basket it's a one room I didn't check so
you in hi Tristan go count even though
you won I want that round yeah oh yeah
oh yeah Gators and okay your turn okay
one last hiding spot what are the twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen I'm at the park or out of this
situation over here here hi I'm taking
the hamper then it's a sweeter ride
anyway skirt skirt I'm coming in mom's
room too we're both in my mom's bathroom
you can follow the white hamper and over
in here quitting's not here to help me
up rose I'd get up there is there
anybody in there I hear some moving
floors not loving me Taylor one
congratulations young sire your first
time playing huh yeah shut up but yeah
guys we're gonna go ahead and do this
video here I hope you guys enjoyed it
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and don't you leave like and share
the punch if you enjoyed subscribe Union
us together next one
you just maybe
