Kim Tristen hey this bill oh let it
spell right they look like a neat oh
yeah yeah baby we're just go my guys
today we were back and today see this
pop socket that it ain't my fault one I
put it on then I got in the shower like
right after so if I push hard enough
it'll come off maybe not yeah won't come
off this just proves that they are high
quality material I was gonna put on a
dish I want to say this pop for my
tattoo pops are get anyway if you guys
like any of the dips clothing if you
guys like all of it oh this tank tops
even freaking cooler you guys can go
follow tips clothing on instagram at
dibs clothing the post really cool stuff
and you guys know the kid from The
Walking Dead Chandler Riggs you know he
plays Carl
even he is reppin dibs he has the
bandana on so it's super cool dibs is
hosting a concert with like post Malone
21 savage basically they're hosting a
really big concert at Angel Stadium I'm
pretty sure September 8th through the
10th pretty sure I'm going to that not
sure and now I have a lot of clothes
have fun sitting in my room like you
always do you weird ass you have an xbox
go buy GTA 5 and yes you could you're
stressing me out now I gotta take one of
these with me okay thanks you know I
watched my video back yesterday right
and there's a particular noise I kept
hearing it sounded like this my
microphone is broken if I didn't have
this spinner I wouldn't get through the
day okay we got like 30 minutes we gotta
go get some things we got to make
another tower we're building the
ultimate setup it's 450 we have 10
minutes till they close I just took the
wrong exit awesome I was just about to
say it's sad that I know how to get here
apparently I'd helmet you guys throw
open I need another Tower hmm um well we
have four I think I want to make a
separate one that hold on let me ask
them
here we hit one or two to order to one
or two high for the second tower
can we get a six foot and a five foot we
wanted a second option to jump off
because we realize the four-story one is
super super high you can't really do any
flips off it so we want to have a semi
short one that we can actually do good
flips off of and just have fun and that
guy just came and gave me a ton of
clothes for their company hey you want
to share it with a kitty on yes years
remember when I bought this this rainbow
long now dirty sword because we took you
camping well I went in there and they
said Merry Christmas and they gave me
some free straps so I don't have a knife
but I have this so if you ever get road
rage what I'm hearing is that you're
ready you know maybe there is some
country boy in me after all cuz check it
out do you remember that bus that was
for sale like all the way to my
grandma's house
I literally could have been Roman Atwood
but what about it okay maybe you're
Roman outwards to back yards a little
bit better than mine but mine's coming
together don't even see what we're doing
we're doing a 24 hour overnight
challenge on this stuff today we're
building the two-story second tower
right now here I'm just gonna go ahead
and do it like right now you're getting
a little bit and then put these down
there and then we literally had the
silver platform since we're only about
three put them on the middle and we had
to lift him out it was weird there's no
middle platform this time guys cuz well
we don't really need it we don't say
that you have a hole in your Andes you
loser oh god I can't wait get pranked
get ranked no I'm not that mean I'm not
that mean come on give me kiss now look
what just came out of the filter that's
all roses hair maybe some Aluna proof
that she swims more than me this
trampolines not doing enough it's too
small I say we replace this trampoline I
say we go to Walmart get snacks
I say we attempt to make our backyard as
cool as Roman Howard's it's cut its kind
of close
yeah that was something sharp my god
now I don't wanna pull it out whatever
that is just give it a Yank see it
straight out yeah go go thank you guys I
think we made the coolest backyard set
up second coolest ever plan is we're
gonna go get the big trampoline then
they're gonna go eat with their families
then we will do the actual challenge
when I challenge and hopefully it's not
dark by the time they get back because
I'm scared of the dark
why now what oh did you is it a backpack
or is it in the backpack yes thank you
doing the pops like it yet - oh yeah
dude I was just watching some spongebob
thank you oh these are soft and thin
are those hoodies oh my god it looks
kind of bad because of the lighting my
rooms literally ass but they're pretty
dang check that out Oh witty oh oh you
guys can do more clothing fans I got my
socks I'm going to Walmart it's almost
pitch-black out we're going to Walmart
because you can't do it overnight
challenge without food and whatever else
we get oh yeah I couldn't got his own
shirt for the merch it's cute innocent
internet gains on the back
if you mop the floor you guys got Trent
burn on my knee Oh
you thought I was gonna give them a
reason to kick me out I'm a good kid I
do nothing hey should we buy one of
those for my living room oh you see yo
you wanna race just one okay
I literally have a remote control
there's a color change still like the
old freak you know listen we can open up
the hot tub - all right make sure the
Scooby Snacks make it up yeah thank you
wait dude it looks like you just rain
did you piss you do not piss on me I
swear
awesome now we could actually see hey
Tristan what can you go get my plunger
why it's in the kitchen
it's odd but why I needed we desperately
need it there's a clog in the I'm gonna
jump over the top with this on my head
one yeah
Wow where'd it go Oh all this paddle my
way too sure okay
hello thank you to Tristan for bringing
me my milk and cereal because I got
hungry every time I stay up like all
night I get hungry like I need breakfast
but it's like in the middle of night so
we'll make some lucky charms good thing
we bought them they're dented in from me
thrown I always pour the cereal first
get your milk in there oh thank you okay
oh that's disgusting you just drank out
of the carton
oh wow it ain't give me I hope none of
you are epileptic yeah for your
information we're trying to water bottle
plunger up ok what's the time check out
the midnight yeah it's 17 boys so what's
it like to have no job responsibilities
and you live in your little brother's
house you can just sit and stay up all
night with them how does it feel to have
your freaking camera falling apart right
almost all the cereal is gone because
Luna rose is probably a joining factor
you know we could use this clock but
well for one I don't know how to tell
time very well because I'm not in school
I'm just kidding and the clock doesn't
move at all guys the plunger has found a
resting spot time is now 209 just after
2 o'clock we don't have blankets but we
have a bunch of towels how you doing
there buddy someone rolled off we chose
this spot because there's like little
bars so hopefully they'll like you know
keep us safe but some of these are like
torn you can see I don't bunch of sand
getting in my pants the Rose is gonna be
my pillow to make up Dylan wouldn't
change because he can't live with the
rest of us he can't be cold and get cold
wet clothes no real man
nope you know I'm basically dry now umm
I guess we're just gonna go to bed I'm
not gonna film any more till the morning
I didn't want to film us eating snacks
and sitting in a hot tub so yeah
hopefully we can make it through the
night I'm still in Hawaii time I stay up
so late here I'm not even that tired but
if I can't sleep no I'm not gonna go
inside I'm a real man unlike you see you
in the morning 7:30 3:00 in the morning
we're on the trampoline it's just
Quinton and I
he stole my pillow me and rose I'm
guessing Dylan left I don't know no one
knows where Dylan is he got so cold last
night I had to go get this blanket the
same blanket and she farted apparently
and I went to move the blanket and I
sniffed and I was like oh you've got me
I cut the clips gonna sound like you're
talking like about your girlfriend or
something
the outside of my blankie is freezing
cold the inside of my blankets warm I
don't anyone go in yet Oh guys we're
gonna go ahead and in this video here I
hope you guys enjoyed it this is
probably gonna be like our last
overnight in in sometimes about say
inside
overnight challenge outdoors because
it's just getting too cold I think the
only food that didn't get finished was
you little milks over there will
chocolate on
this breakfast yeah I think yeah I saw
across this video and if we leave like
and share depends if you enjoyed
subscribe here and I'll see you guys
next month we need to quit screaming and
go back to it ain't my fault so
you just maybe
