good morning Tristan I don't know why
that kids sleeping in my room when Luna
slept with my mom mom if you wake up
early there's a sunrise no there is
another seat for you right there
you are literally stepping on my ball
fat don't hit mom's truck this you
didn't care about aah oh god what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day
I know if you can see Luna she's
chilling we're going to go get some
breakfast because we have nothing at our
house what song was it - huh five six
percent better choose you guys ever
heard Michael Jackson - webinar I hope
you take the change all one thing it's
been blowing my big ass
hi can I have a order of cinnamon and
three hash browns and medium orange
juice yeah you guys have like any dog
food dog food for like dogs dog O's okay
just just making sure things look I get
off of my key to bring gonna have one of
my hash browns okay what are you doing
I'm putting a pillow in between us you
know corn and Dylan and I whenever we
used to sleep in the same bed well we
still do sometimes but we'd put a pillow
in between us and we called it a homo
divider I think we were all afraid we
were dead but if we no we aren't
you see that other dog there's another
dog back hide or go oh there she goes
from hello
yep
all you guys do have done food hell yeah
you go that's awesome this literally
gave me a dog treat you too I'll what
the hell they didn't give us the cinema
other we said sent amount order of
cinema oh well it's not worth going back
you want to come back up here with me I
feel lonely now oh that's a good song
we're home we're home oh it's that song
we better get out so you don't like
drives as much as Rose does we even have
oh didn't cheat a much cupcake this
morning you're gonna puke later yes you
want look at the living room see if we
had a foam pit this wouldn't have
happened
I mean it would have happened but we
wouldn't have seen it it wouldn't have
happened look they just take him from
the little wall we have built over there
and then there's too much are you just
doing the one that you already chewed up
can I not keep some of these whenever we
get the replacement foam pit I want to
keep these colors because I want a
rainbow assortment you know I want a
colorful one so we got to keep all the
colors are you peeing no see this is
clear so we're going to my dad's right
now we're going to look at the Eclipse
thing whenever the moon goes in front of
the Sun it's supposed to be like 92
percent in front of it so I've never
seen one in my life - the last one was
like 1979 and if you look into it you
can burn your eyes like your retinas can
get burned and cause blindness so we
have to leave the dogs inside make sure
they don't stare at the Moon and Sun hey
Luna you have to stay over there yeah
they're probably still going to jump
right over this I think your car might
be worse than mine probably that's
pretty dirty yeah well you trying to
flex on all this right here I know
that's just for moms they don't know
what this is I think I'm a drink that's
dude you still have those little gummy
things in here yeah why this um a movie
like I love you're a guy not a year ago
I haven't had this car year okay it's
been forever you finally finish them no
they've been a hard pill for at least
they have a nice home and my console
streets are being lined people are just
waiting to look at the Sun and
mountain-building clips for y'all but so
let's just Edward L oh the glasses it
was like there for a movie
oh really tell you man oh because then
only the sun's gonna go Murr oh there's
the new dog guys my grandma got a new
puppy I don't want to drop her I get a
camera too high crazy my camera weighs
more than her though yeah her name is
Gracie her her old old dog was named
angel and then she had another dog named
joy and I picked this name so I just
care name is Gracie she's freaking how
much does she weigh like 1,000 point 12
yeah she's girl you need to chill out we
don't want to eat her yeah
luna would eat a lot of things it looks
so weird upsizing yellow looks fake
outside oh whoa
orange that is awesome like I'm looking
at the Sun back to the moon you can kind
of see it yeah there it is was the best
thing supposed to last like two minutes
or something like that
well when it gets there like it 105 93 %
here
oh not almost landed in my cereal so if
you put paper above other paper you can
see hole in it yeah well you can see a
little tiny shape I'm more of a car guy
now so I haven't even ridden on this
Jeep yet I forgot you even I forgot you
even had it I don't even know what my
dad's in a while just because I've been
so busy but I still love it here this
car is freaking sick Kristen you want to
have a stare into the Eclipse challenge
so I have a good title shieler just go
blind for view it's at its peak right
now so what means who's gonna win all
righty
all right are you ready yes start it and
go go ahh
it's a bad tumble give up you know this
is painful
Wow I'm done I win I want to be able to
see in a few years I don't really care
teen enough well that was pretty sick I
should have just made a quick baton
light and not looked into the Sun my
eyes actually kind of hurt I was a tree
okay you cheated then I want I want just
for you I can see though by all there's
our neighborhood bird man he's looking
at it dude I miss him haven't seen him
in forever since we
I know he used to wave and hold his
parents out yeah when people know he
just crashed a loud weapon they are oh
he is a whip yeah like actual wind let
me know awesome thank you first time I
talk about land forever
so I just had a talk with Taylor and
you're gonna you're going to start
uploading yeah things got baked sweet
her channel got fixed something was
wrong with I don't know so every
Thursday now from now on it's every
Thursday poke with that Taylor burn got
100 K without any videos probably done
before hi did you see the moon thing I
couldn't stir it because I didn't have
glasses oh you missed nothing I stared
at it for YouTube my eyes her for a
little bit they still take a little bit
but didn't even get dark yeah the dog's
eyes get burnt I don't know why we put
them in here I mean we don't protect
them any other day - you're like today
today's the day thing is there that's
what happens to loon on Thursday
everybody you want to tell them Tristan
you're getting your lady parts yanked
out yeah that means no puppies at all
can you believe it guys it's still
standing after that whole week they
didn't fall into our house or the pool
oh yeah some of my livestream says it's
a work of scaffolding and we made it
wrong and that's all for some Boehner
wrong what do you mean made it something
about the Pens he use a lot of big words
I didn't know we're walking out to the
trampoline they got moved a bunch and
look at all the dead grass they can
literally kill all the grass that
commercial still not out yet it's still
getting reviewed I jumped off that
scaffolding thing naked in it so I don't
know if they're gonna let me leave that
in go check it out he's probably even
healthy for grass yeah I have not done
on these and forever I bet there's so
many people like he'd use these
trampolines and consistent in my yard I
don't know if I put this in the vlog
because I wasn't vlogging in Hawaii
whenever I got these but check it out
newest pair of Crocs adding to the
collection was it worth missing the
shuttle he has frickin screw you we went
shopping so we were at this mall and the
mall has a shuttle or a bus that comes
and picks you up from there takes you
back to the resort let me give you guys
a little little facts it's a 30-minute
rotation and we were waiting for 20
minutes it was going to be there any
minute
yeah so we were waiting for it and then
it was taking forever so we were like
whatever we'll just walk back it's like
two miles I went and I was like I need
some shoes because the grounds hot
obviously I ran in the store we're
trying to hurry I got these shoes
literally just handed the cashier all
the money
well I said keep the change we come back
and Quentin called Dylan and he was gone
Quentin left us so Dylan I walked a mile
back but I got these new shoes either
way so he's meant to be because the
shuttle came and he wouldn't wait for
them so I was like you know what I'm not
walking and another thing um the springs
on this trampoline are disappearing I'm
pretty sure people are just coming up
and taking them we're getting security
cameras in the next few days but yeah we
have like kids running and stealing them
I guess there could be grandma's grandpa
oh dude remember when we had yeah
there's something right here someone
Crossley this big gap why this is going
to make me Maggie's only couples right
here yeah see they're all missing
because we had every single one of these
all I know is that like after the Meetup
I haven't been on a trampoline hardly at
all I mean I still do flips into our
foam pit but if I'm 50 gone now we're
missing Springs there and there and
there and there and there and there and
there and I remember whenever we set
this up every single one of these like
all the ones that are attached to
trampoline had a spring so if you're
stealing them I don't know why I know
your trampoline is too small for these
these Springs are literally massive but
good luck stealing now I'll send one
sick I'm still the best G trapper here
in the cut dude why don't we do a pool
video today yeah we should have I'm
still going to go jumping on still gonna
send that all people are saying I was
copying Jake Paul for saying send it you
know who said send it first this guy you
know what's going to happen since I
don't know if that's going to get left
in that commercial thing what I'm gonna
jump Nate you touch it jelly I was
trying to look it through the camera the
helmet well Dylan what shorts you have
on there the TV brand are ones in
Clinton what shorts do you have on they
say they say they say scribble-scribble
looks like TV are you keep on making it
ah oh look they landed on this little
the little rust thing that is a
one-in-a-million shot I date her no I
take your look at it you got it come on
Oh Shh dude your camera got a shower
dude that hurt so bad
yeah oh now it's like I didn't go out do
that was perfect no I was perfect you
girls better get out the cover is
closing hi swim like they usually wait
for the last minute we'll see just stand
there girls look it's getting pretty
close I don't think you can swim under
the cover like I did that was pretty
scary hey get out get out get out
they're not your call okay we have to
stop it Oh get out get out get out
no not you not swim under there
okay okay opposite Oh any problem
Oh what's your knee oh I thought I heard
it you did you show me that the other
day knee is so messed up I was on my
stairs today and I thought and it popped
out and I was like a counselor literally
was like a little ripple right there it
looked like the pool cover right now
guys so this is someone else's snapchat
story that lives in Kansas that's on
Dylan snapchat he gets all the girls but
it's like dark there and that was that
was four hours ago that was that one
o'clock and I just got a text from the
guy would did you know my friend Zach
hey we have a package of goodies for the
whole family arriving to you guys this
Wednesday for did so I'm super happy I
want some new stuff I have some clothes
I want to obviously I've shirts having
one and stuff but I love them all but I
need some new ones you know by mailing
I'm gonna go find my Crocs oh you have
left him by the trampoline someone's
going to steal them with my springs next
time these are a little big if you can't
tell their size 10 which is the size I
wear but I don't know why they're
freaking huge and this shirt right here
I bought it in the video I took my
sister shopping haven't won it yet it is
the softest shirt I've ever worn in my
entire life are you guys ready to go out
to a nice dinner
me too let's go we're going to a place
where they make a big fire all drives
give me no it's not my r8 what see your
outfits all right my guess is pretty
good whatever I mean but try to top this
hell yeah you can tell this place is
fancy by another way
what's that painting those hey sumo
wrestlers you can tell look at their ass
you Taylor and my mom and I all ordered
the same thing you ruined it
sorry this is why we just we want to
leave you here when we moved out you're
not eating your vegetables we don't like
your vegetable tell you just end it
sometimes check it oh um that was a fire
I was talking about
Oh negative to do your eyebrows tomorrow
this food is literally one step off of
IHOP it is so good if it was faster than
I do here like every night time for the
shrimp throwing up come on you got it
oh yeah
make sure you look good thank you trying
to get my whole outfit in it okay now if
I can do bullet on that not now we got
to listen to post Malone on the way home
so my mom can get familiar cuz we're
probably going to a concert with him
soon go backstage and meet him that'd be
cool I'm actually going to do the after
all in like yesterday where we all just
creamed is yes we would thank you guys
so much for watching this video and
don't forget like a generous dude
enjoyed subscribe me I'll see you guys
next one hope you enjoyed the video um
I'm trying my best to just vlog and not
worry about the vlogs but just log so if
you like to blog leave a vlog thumbs up
 you came and looking like that you
just made
