Dilton don't make up your oppa we know
the cookie don't we have to wake up or
because we're home alone
well everybody went to go kayaking we
didn't want to go to do everything that
we can't do whenever they're here sleep
please to go jump on the bed we used to
go cuddle watch a scary movie we used to
make out we're not a guy we're not gay
that was a fake kiss but not guy no I
was kidding what is going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day do you like
that little montage we have to go act
out that stuff I just talked about very
song but we had to go after that fight
we are back in Kansas I didn't call the
last two or three days of Hawaii I'll
get into that in just one second but you
guys remember whenever Luna couldn't
jump onto my bean bag right back there
guess what she can do now all the way up
to my bed I don't know if Roach into it
though Rose never really jumps up places
she kind of crawls really slowly
what anyway let me grab a shower real
quick and then I will get on with the
video so right off the bat I want to say
a quick thank you to my bodyguard Jesse
for being the housekeeper for a little
bit he picked up my room whenever I got
back so looks great thank you even
though it's already dirty again that's
my fault oh it's so warmer you were
laying down thank you as you guys know
it has been a little bit since I've sat
down in front of you guys done a semi
serious talk always been lately as vlogs
I used to sit down and talk to you guys
a lot actually about what was on my mind
and what's going on in my life like in
detail stuff besides just you know
here's what we're doing today and then
doing it but as you guys know I took
some time off in Hawaii the last three
days or whatever it was my microphone is
so broken oh my god I filmed those
clothes in the beginning of this video
and then the first two vlogs of the
Hawaii trip in my opinion were pretty
great I love to go in cliff jumping and
they were just genuinely the best one
and I don't know if you guys could tell
but like after that all of our attitudes
just went downhill I think it was just
because there were so many people on the
trip but my mom and my brother and my
sister and my cousin and then my
others friend one group of people would
agree to do something and then like
Dylan Quinn and I would want to do
something else like they went kayaking
and then they were supposed to go
horseback riding and I was like oh
there's horses here I don't want to do
that you know
so the energy was really low I think
that's one of the reasons why those
vlogs weren't that great so he got to
the point to where I was like you know
what I'm not going to keep trying it was
ruining the vacation vacation I
basically just wanted to get home after
the first three days that's another
reason I wanted to go home I had already
done everything a year ago like the
exact same stuff overall just not my
favorite trip I wanted to get home so
glad we're home if you guys ever go to
Hawaii I'm so sorry because the airport
there is the worst it's outdoor it's so
hot there's no a/c you're going to sit
there forever there's two securities you
have to go through you go through one
security you get past and then they make
you put all your stuff through again I
don't know whatever back to the point I
went and I talked to some of my social
media friends the ones that I think have
it all figured out I don't think any of
us do but Cameron Dallas is probably the
one guy that I think has it all figured
out the most and he's like yo don't lose
who you are off camera because you're in
front of the camera all the time and my
friend wit Laurie he's a rapper I don't
know if any of you guys know him
busting down Lane remember Rebecca was
smoking on a mat stealing your heart
that whatever money he's always told me
you can't pour from a glass that's empty
so if you're not happy you can't give
your happiness to others and I totally
agree with that so I sit down the camera
I still wanted to be home but it was
pretty good
I still like La way more and I really
want to get a house there just like rent
it probably see how I like it for at
least a month but another thing I
realized whenever we were in Hawaii was
that my old Hawaii vlogs I could say
really whatever I wanted to here's a
couple examples could have been having
9/11 number two
I feel like ruined Grand Theft Auto I
just want to grab one of those planes
and go ramming into a building where are
we going mom we're going to akaka falls
or maybe you think Kaka falls into my
mouth or Tristan it could and at the
beginning of these vlogs I was like you
know what I'm gonna do the same thing
again I'm still like that guy I'm still
like that kid I don't put really any of
that in anymore
I still say a lot of funny stuff like
that I think's funny anyway I've pretty
dark humor and I think a lot of you guys
do too but I can't leave that in videos
because there are some people that will
get offended and bla bla to blow up into
this big thing and I'll be on keemstar
actually that wouldn't be a bad idea
because then I'd be getting as many
subscribers as everybody else back then
I didn't have as many eyes on me so I
could do whatever I wanted to with
basically no consequences I could say
whatever I wanted to in my videos I
could do anything but now just feels
like there's always some people out
there just waiting for me to slip up
that's how it is for every youtuber
every celebrity people always wait for
you to slip up so then they can have a
reason to hate you or tell their friends
like hey you above the law and I find
myself in these vlogs trying so hard to
be entertaining trying so hard to think
of something funny trying so hard that
just in general I'm trying ridiculously
hard I think that's part of the reason
I'm so stressed out all the freaking
time I'll be vlogging and I'm just like
thinking through my head like what would
be funny what would be entertaining to
say or do right now and that is all my
day is 24/7 well until I shut off the
camera but then I still think about what
I'm going to do tomorrow so it's
basically an endless cycle that kind of
drives me insane and it shouldn't be
like that but it kind of has to because
here's the thing every youtuber wants to
give you some subscribers that's the
goal to get bigger to get a bigger
audience to get a bigger audience that
loves you and that you can connect with
even though there's a lot of people that
are just in it for money which I've
never frickin been in it for money I
really don't care
ask my mom money stresses me out more
than anything in the goddamn world
mostly because I worry about my family I
worry about what my brother's going to
do I worry about what my sister's going
to do I have to make sure that my mom
never has to go back to work I have to
make sure that I never have
you know work at McDonald's work at Taco
Bell I probably work at IHOP to be
honest in some sort of way I want to
remain a kid that doesn't have to worry
about a million things I try my best to
do that
apparently I'm horrible at it because
I'm making this video complaining about
it I really just want you guys to know
how I'm feeling all the time I want to
be 100% honest with you guys if I feel
like my vlogs are getting forced or
they're not entertaining as I want them
to be I'm probably going to take a few
days off to rest because you can't pour
from an empty glass I think it's just
finding the balance of stuff you really
love filming and then still growing your
channel with videos that did good but
you don't necessarily like filming so
I'll be working on that but and the last
thing is I put in a Hawaii vlog that I
got choose preparing I got some
high-heeled Crocs probably the ugly shoe
in the world it was just a joke for a
vlog said I was getting him for a friend
so I'm going to go to her house right
now and I'm going to explain some things
so you couldn't get a TV when we were
together huh we sat in silence all those
money first of all where those croc that
want to see him onion you're probably
the first person to ever wear these I
want to see my near feet um they all say
I already charged yeah putting both on
I'm not buckling up oh why not oh yeah
they fit she's a nice I just talked to
them about all my problems and then yeah
you know what the neither of us are mad
at each other
I'm happy I'm happy she still doesn't
talk I was a big problem we're still
friends I've come over a few times
uploaded their dog so basically we're
like the weirdest ex-girlfriend
boyfriend ever that we actually still
hang out no one else does that I don't
know if she's supposed to go to school
so if you just move with me to Ella's
and maybe things in media already but
but I still like her obviously so we're
still friends I buy her shoes if I want
we're just weird like that
give me a friendly hug when they go yep
not going to go your dog so I can play
with them to me to bring him in here
sure why should I bring all the menus
yes please oh my gosh all right dude oh
my god it's freaking cute dogs ever time
I thought that they didn't have their
eyes open oh my gosh they're so cute
pretty sure she's keeping one of them I
can smell all of your puppy breath from
here Oh
my gosh there's only one brown one this
is the life right here I'm covenant I
could be like this all day he's so cute
I need a German Shepherd puppy but my
mom won't let it happen and if I had a
third dog Rosa Luna and that third dog
they take over the world they're so
rowdy whenever this three of them think
that one's sleeping so sleepy well thank
you for the sea of dogs I shall leave
okay well that is usually ongoing so
what I wanted you guys to take away from
this is basically I need to get a place
in LA I need to stop worrying so much
about my videos and make more videos
that I really love doing and the last
one that I didn't touch on is I need my
freaking car back because I'm sick of
this one let me tell you it says the rke
battery is low which is this hold up the
little battery to starts up the car you
know then I need to oil change on this
now and there's a scratch up here can
you see it it's right there anyway I've
talked to FB rap was supposed to be
getting it back soon I don't know we're
really busy so they haven't been
answering very much but I'm trying to be
patient
oh it's good also I mean they were just
right until what mom's making spaghetti
bro maybe got dog food for you outside
so can you quit pulling down my pants
she literally almost had my ass out you
would have like that wouldn't you did
you survive Hawaii without your back
breaking yes I've literally been asleep
all day me too I will get one o'clock
this morning because of the time change
oh one o'clock this afternoon not this
morning it would have been 8 a.m. and
Hawaii so we're all mixed up my mom's
trying to load up pictures of houses
you've been looking at in LA but it
won't load come on
why'd you have to win this I play with
the worst computer ever I'm sorry to
inconvenience you with a free laptop
okay I'm just telling your mother and
sister you have to you have to tell me
which part of LA you want to be and why
is that got to be so close to my dream
somewhat private school is possible
there have to be that big it's got a
have a yard for the dogs that's things
oh my gosh have enough tabs holy crap
you know what everybody's probably sick
of looking at houses yeah probably
I'm just trying to show you we don't
need to show the internet I'm ending
this video here so everybody just you
know we're skipping the outro today just
everybody yell like just scream like
Dylan
 you came in looking like that you
just maybe
