BRR BRR BRR it's cold but it looks so
pretty outside we're gonna head to the
attic and open fan mail thanks everybody
for helping later okay bye okay well
what is there to do besides get started
do the intro oh yeah what is going on
guys today we're back and today hope you
guys are all having a great day I feel
like the cameras really messed up it was
warm here for like two days and now it's
back to freezing I was gonna vlog today
but I'd rather open you guys's fan mail
somebody left the windows open up here
it was me he got really really hot up
here and it gave me a glimpse into
summer and I got scared for a little bit
oh it's gonna be terrible AC unit coming
soon here's some clips from yesterday
for my snapchat cuz we've did some flips
on the trampoline it was actually really
fun
Oh
and the last update my Gucci shorts are
ripped not on like the outside but like
right here there they're definitely
ripped they're supposed to be sits down
they're messed up bad but that's
designer this time it is let's get into
this that you know the capital
punishment for excessive duct tape
excessive opening it
Ethan Edgar Edgar McNeil pot coat this
one's from mescal why do you always
everybody boxes so much faster than me
all right I'm still sick by the way are
you over your sickness oh yo what are
these called I saw this on TV for like
eight years of my life on Nickelodeon no
no I hire men from my own with her come
on come on Fiji ball what do they do you
just it's like a magic ball you're
supposed to learn tricks with it make it
look like you're doing something pal it
looks so cool in the Attic and I was
actually pretty good at this hold on
yeah yeah you look like you were great
please read in flog read it because I
want to know what this is cold
hi my name is Ethan I hope you enjoy the
things I sent I would what is it what
what is it though yes keep flipping and
drink more bleach so I will what type
odds while you're at it now I got a
tweet a picture of this and ask what the
hell is this thing called Hey look at
this table data coil brace oh it's a big
metal cable you can like move well it's
still like bends where you want to be
see oh oh that's toe thank you very much
Quinton stab right through this but
thank you look it like stands up by
itself that's pretty cool it's like the
best iPhone court ever Thank You Ethan
that is definitely fan art if you stab
it I will have to not like that this is
from unnamed person it's called a
Fushigi ball yeah what do you say like
Fiji yeah something I knew I was close I
was on something Wow you know you were
right wow thank you help me get into
this
I helped okay we got a bag of Skittles
some of them are open and a nerf bullet
thank you you didn't even get to meet
with a package alright big reveal oh
that's pretty good
guns and roses Clorox beats that's a
pirate thing I like pirates Paris vs.
Kate Upton who will you pick one's gone
are you keeping this I guess it was your
birthday and I still haven't gotten you
a real gift yet so you can keep that and
by the way you're gonna get a gift soon
I was gonna do that today but I didn't
want to okay yeah Quinn's birthday was
the 12th and it's like 18 yes 22nd
there's also dr. pepper on some of these
because we were cleaning and yeah we
were cleaning this attic we threw some
dr. pepper down it got all over the
boxes they send you a belt ah shoestring
let's go oh that's more more belts thank
you for the belt please don't feel like
marshmallows they're rock-hard
we have been xiana for bad boy look I
love you baby girl I sing to you Oh
Skylanders universe I don't know that
either but there's a snake send her the
package Joe sir remain unanimous this
was from Regan long another plush you
know your birthday's coming up and I
just want it hey this matches the outfit
today
wow wow you look great yeah it's itching
my neck I need help lift it out it's
made of wood it's a big Tanner Brown
gardener I known another would object I
think this is almost as good as Dylan
Taylor's artwork yeah you're getting
there man or girl actually should we
throw this down the hatch
this one is pretty big as well from Sara
Johansen all right Sara you're in my
hands now
this is proving to be quite the
challenge no way it's a sprint iPhone Oh
just kidding it's some finger handcuffs
I didn't see that coming I've never
played Pokemon in my life but thank you
I've never played Pokemon but I always
collect the cards you're weird yo do
that no I think we just put these to use
later oh my gosh right yeah that is
sweet look at that oh my god definitely
going on the wall who sent this oh yeah
Sara thank you so very much this is like
literally perfect
please read on video will do Quinton
with those handcuffs I feel another
thing oh is this a candle this better be
a candle oh yes it smells like it looks
so keep it right there passed it down
yep send it down dear Tanner you are so
inspiring and I have dreamed of meeting
you I'm Sara Johansen from Wisconsin you
have no idea that's underlined and bold
no idea how much the tagline cares about
you well you have no idea how much I
care about you guys like this addicts
pretty cold and where did we're chilling
I'm here it's cold chillin hello fuck
you know I tried to make this fan our
eyes click maybe as possible and I love
if you open it on a video well it is
thank you so much for caring about your
fans I love you so much tan man your
biggest fan Sara Johnson PS I hope you
like the candle it smelled great isn't
it Johansen Johansen - hey Johnson yeah
please check out my Instagram fan
account I love you underscore tanner
underscore brogard waterboxxes - go
Gavin okay this seems to be the most
creative package we've gotten from
looking at the outside not seeing the
name on it either
oh who sent this Jake ah where's that L
that's an eye what's right there
ya know someone senses something with
the last name of top hello come
feels quality oh that is neat clean to
the touch soft did cook and inside all
that is he likes Dairy Queen
you
I think this is millon quitting it Oh
Kimberly uh hello and there's a time and
a little bit probably seven yes I'll get
there at seven yeah my fragile oh I bet
there better be the Fountain of Youth
interview Fountain of Youth in here solo
work I'm putting eggs he'll be old
understand this is from Reese
Witherspoon's not even adult you oh yeah
they're it's not Reese Witherspoon she's
without her Reese Witherspoon Henry's
without her soon maybe this box wasn't a
waste of time it says Tanner's
dealership and it has a Lamborghini
thing on it but I'm gonna have to rip it
to open and I'll quit opening that guess
what this is what it's the first of its
kind
it's a plaque that says clickbait oh
wait doesn't askance oh he doesn't have
one in real life either the only thing
he's actually missing is tea but I like
the kindness in his eyes in this this is
definitely going on the wall thank you
very much Reese Witherspoon killed this
package I mean she's a big fan and the
thing I just spent 69 years getting into
is a play well it look like little clay
clay thing gimme a box which one do you
want I said box there you go last two oh
we got to do got to do it
oh yeah I think that's the first time
you failed doing that thinking I'm
leaving it in your exposed just because
the knife isn't sharp
yeah for the last one we're taking in
dude oh dude I'm sure if I skip the go
fuck Jessica no way
who's it from Tony Tony Tony I just
ordered a birthing yesterday Tony if I
would have known Tony they look so good
oh my god they're brand-new
they're super they're way more fluffy
look let's get bare the inside they
might be a little bit big but I'm not
complaining I'm not gonna complain
okay it's gonna be hard to let these go
guys these shoes and I have an emotional
connection they go to UM personality
beyond the perception of others beyond
invention of disguise
even beyond effort itself they've been
in water in the bowl
no they've been in the desert
and pretty much every disgusting place
you can think of let's try these uh they
fit they actually fit there's so much
wool inside that they actually fit how
do they feel a little bit better I'm so
happy
Tony thank you and look at my face of me
thank you for drawing my retarded cousin
ah thought we were gonna go ahead in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoy didn't think I said we're watching
and everything black chevrons be enjoyed
subscribe to you and I'll see you guys
next time
I should probably quit saying maps are
so fast and maybe people do whatever I
say cuz you know guys look at my feet
that's all I need to show you this is
the end of the video good night Tony's
quite the guy isn't he
way to go Tony
but you came looking like that you just
maybe
