you love me and your video thing I have
a strep on ha ha yeah I know that's
funny I tried the Chairman didn't work
like two tenors like IVA I have a chest
repping Clinton has a headstrap and I'm
like my mom's about to react to herself
yelling at us I put that in the video
are so mad you mad you didn't he was
awful true yeah you mad is scary
have I ever gotten hurt but that was
calm compared to what I was thirty
minutes prior am i right yeah nigga I
was literally almost crying because they
didn't know where you work and you said
I could see what you walking across this
waterfall I'm naughty I like new house
how many times have you thought I've
been dead and I've been alive so what is
just this one time what if this one time
I was alive what is going on guys today
we are back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day dude I want
to drive one of those my video never got
125,000 like it's really close but I
kicked out another way we're waiting on
a shuttle to get here and then we're
going back to the little shopping mall
where we try to get a wetsuit I might
buy a really cool picture because
they're like laminated on metal they're
super shiny they're really cool pictures
she bought one the first time she came
to Hawaii yeah she bought a small one
I'm about to buy big one there so cool
it's got am asking for my camera let's
do it yeah I guess you in there okay
yeah
checking
okay this is going to the shop I'll race
you guys okay we'll see you there
I'm going to follow the bus I just paid
$24 to drive a bike for four hours and I
haven't ridden morning years I never
ride a bike I'm coming
oh I got to do this one-handed with a
camera well I won they're still getting
off the bus hi guys we made it to the
mall it doesn't Mall kind of a mall it's
really cool is what it is but this is CJ
you're in his photo gallery right now
it's called lava light gallery that
correct that is correct and Hawaii on
the big island and I'm about to choose
one of these pictures they are and
saying I love this one over here they're
all super colorful my mom has one above
her bathtub it's been in the videos I
think so here I'll find a picture of it
I'm super excited I came here last year
I couldn't afford them but now I'm gonna
buy one that was like the MacBook
homescreen look at these back here in
this room that big turtle they're
absolutely huge I don't know how many of
you know this but I've always been
obsessed with the Northern Lights like
in Sweden or Alaska I've always wanted
to go to Sweden I always told you that
or Norway that's where back when I did a
lot of flip starts where a lot of my
flipper friends work as I met a lot of
them on Instagram so I've always been in
love with these I think we can give this
photo in that size so I got that in my
room I think we can make it fit you have
to rearrange your furniture but what to
do so now we're looking at his phone
there's a ton of pictures that he has
that are not shown on the wall and these
are insane literally look like my shirt
as he said so we have talked it through
my family agrees we found like the
perfect one it's going to be huge it's
going to be the same size of that one
like I showed you guys we're getting a
shift home and it's going to be a little
bit but it's going to be so nice we're
going to have to buy like lights to make
it glow more like it does in here they
have a website where you can go look at
the photos but it just doesn't do it
justice like you have to see it like I'm
guaranteed that picture on these frames
will just look amazing and I have a gift
I just bought something haven't shown
them
I got a we got to go back to hotel so I
can show them yeah a gift for myself
what did you buy rarest shoes in the
world were you putting it may be in my
room was like a fine room or maybe
downstairs living room maybe I just want
to be able to look at it a lot so
probably my room I'll move my bed and
move some stuff there's not important
bold and brash might actually end up in
the trash
Lilly is buying are you alone and so are
you
you know I buy one but I can't play my
guitar yet oh you got a cooler bike than
me you guys ready for the reveal of what
I bought I already know okay well so
behind me is a stack and in front of me
it is a sack but the one behind me it
has the rare shoes I bet you've never
seen them before this is my first time
seeing them as you guys know I'm a big
like easy collector you know I have one
pair eye one pair of in MN nmds oh I'm
quite the shoe guy so I picked these up
today they're going to be given to my
friend I'm not keeping them check these
bad boys out what the everything crap I
heels before neither but I went into the
croc store in the Hat um so um I give
him Parris oh I thought from me dick I
wish I could put them on but my foot is
bigger than the actual entire shoes all
your hands off so yeah that's why you
clicked on a video I'm sorry I hope you
enjoy the rest but to make sure you guys
still like me with to a backflip ah me
oh oh here we go
yeah right now have you seen how dirty
our car is that is kind of disgusting I
don't know where my strap-on is I
probably inside my Oh Dylan has it for
the final adventure of the day we are
going to swim with manta rays their
stingrays but without fingers I think
they are sting raised without wieners
and I don't why my GoPro Quinton's phone
says that we're at 554 mine says we
already have 555 if we have a loser
maybe you need to snapchat me so it'll
make one okay if we ever lose their
streak I will probably have no will to
live
I love them there is a difference I got
some bounce on Buzz
he keeps falling over we're about to go
out on the boat I was going to pull
funny and take this and then you know
put the umbrellas to use but I'm gonna
save it just in case we do hit 125,000
like on this video I'll just go get
kicked out and I'll use number goodbye
earth well we're still in there
goodbye land so I've been told that my
wet do is a little bit showing in my
penile area I'll show you but I don't
want to get age-restricted let's go on
your face hands yeah John with that
literally the whole thing fine and it
seeped through down there and I am
wearing nothing underneath I mean I feel
free that's it I'm Batman
oh it's cold so we can't get off of this
thing really like so close got to keep
the animals safe so I probably won't
feel very much here but I'm still Batman
all right we are off the boat I am
probably in the ugliest lighting I've
ever seen look at my food yes please do
every person looks nice actually I'm not
as ugly as I thought I think she's our
little yellow or whatever I don't know
how good this clothes sounds because my
microphone just got smashed in between
the seat hopefully it sounds normal but
I'll buy another one oh and I moved my
bed because I wanted to snuggle but it
was a backside room to get that my
bathroom I'm moving down snuggling we
made it to the hot tub this guy's really
cool he's a fan what's your name again
Thomas Thomas is my friend and you guys
know the pool closes at 10:00 it is 950
years dude look at me about he's about
to send it
Oh looks like a foot he's about to be
the second kid to ever do this right
behind me i tanner flip daddy master you
got it bro yeah I were leaving I'm about
to sneak back in is 11 o'clock now you
ready to send it then over the rain send
it I was just jump over the gate I'm
just really no one outside I think is
fine over the gate or through Issachar
night
we received an intense these guys are
still you let's go send it again bro I
gotta tires don't care if we have to
like get kicked out there's really no
one in the pool no one's out here at all
can it send it
Oh Cindy Dillon all they're coming out
for telling us they gotta be telling us
we'd send it you sent it
thank you thank you what oh it's close
okay we're gonna have to send it home
see I was thinking about getting rid of
send it and just replace it with do rent
again but you can't say we're just gonna
do rent home you know this wouldn't work
there's hand sanitizer in this one it
must be cleaned the red lights on does
that mean it's on Oh someone's okay
let's go
let's end it I feel worse ending at home
can I Drive one now look at this kid
he's mad he's still sending it
he still has rubber banding so you can
do whatever he wants
I'm only 17 but my legs already feel
like they're 80 so that's what happens
when you do flips for like six years
dude we have to take out some right no
no no no no please
y'all the back folks you want no sending
it on the fire alarm thank God for the
pink juice it's not the blue juice
it's the think juice but it's still
think and it's still good but yeah we
are going to go ahead and in this video
here I hope you guys enjoyed it I've
started all my vlogs in this bed ended
all my vlogs in this bed and had some
random stuff happen down today but yeah
did you guys so much for watching this
video and don't feel I can Terra sunt
you enjoyed subscribe and I'll see you
guys next one piece'
Dillon please scream as loud as you can
I know no like I mean Loudon Wallace no
no no no laughs no don't scream love
you're ready it is Waller and fame he
didn't breathe fine all to scream
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
