hey guys where are we at we're at
Totsuka door - gun what I'm lost
we're at a ziplining place what is going
on guys today we're back and today we're
going good money again same place as
last time
I missed this place look at that I was
talking to have fun but now I have to be
back in school and fill out something
today would actually be Dylan's first
day of school if he was in public school
but he's not I was gonna put that in my
own videos a surprise thing go watch
films video - if any of you have to
attend school sorry mom zach is sending
me more did stuff so bodyguard needs to
pick him up I actually just put that it
was 2016 because I haven't filled out
any like school stuff since then so I
didn't go on a zip line and I just I
made a new purchase may be a good
investment maybe not we'll see the tail
facet drains my phone's battery and I
just earlier this made my phone unusable
because I feel good switching to the
GoPro cuz I'm gonna have to use this for
the zipline anyway we're about to go on
doing got to go hit it going if you get
us kicked out before we have any fun I
will all be upset give it a whack let me
show you how you do it ready I
the spirits have awoken oh yes thank you
I think my mom looks the best in our
helmet did I do it
God okay ready go oh this is the first
line Oh gramma that you're going to win
there's going to be a lot more fun one
where there's like a really big drop
this is where we're about the zipline
down all the way over there I feel like
people cannot take me seriously with
this friggin helmet on we're going to
try to find a waterfall if you click
something today that's what I really
really want to do I just want to relax
and like have fun kind of tired of like
the structured yeah we've already done
everything we need to just relax have
fun don't smell like marijuana we can't
escape it ready pretty good what about
yours are you upside down couldn't hear
you thank gosh for this tiny little fan
thing because it's hot in here not to be
honest it does nothing great is my
battery I'm waiting in the car because
everybody's getting proved for some
reason we're about to go attempt to go
cliff jumping there's a spot that we
asked some people about we wanted to
follow the waterfall and that's secluded
so we have direction it's actually
really close to where we are so we don't
have Drive that's great because I'm so
sick of driving this Lonnie was pretty
fun but like I said in yesterday's video
it's kind of like I've been there done
that thing that's why I didn't film very
much of it but I will send it all day
long well tell me you said when you got
in here like a fart Quentin just bought
the world map is for the world's
prettiest fruit it looks so cool it look
all this dragon fruit it's so gross yeah
they walked in here this normally it's
not like if you guys ever watched the
stereo silent library they made Justin
Bieber that that pink one or the spiky
oh actually it's like by human being
that the world smelliest fruit to be
chopped directly next to his face for 26
okay keep the windows down because of
the fruit but here we have a kid I think
she's going to jump off an 85-foot cliff
where we're going though to see if
someone checks the water and safe I'll
jump I'll jump off they're not going to
jump I'm killing it now dude look at
that trees like 100 years old that's
pretty cool what yeah we leave that bag
I would not wish that smell upon my
worst enemy screw you scared bro that
looks unsafe yeah I thought it was
visible in a chrome water not in a
waterfall no there's a second set of
Falls though this is the popular Falls
there's a second set that's like way
back in there don't think there's going
to be anybody there so this is a haunted
forest right here looks like a trail
over here that one goes that way though
yeah kind of a little trail where she's
going to follow this hopefully bring us
to the bottom look the Falls are right
there the water is rushing I want to get
stucked off the edge screw it three two
one I fell if you think my mom didn't
see that she'd freak out wasn't sure if
I was going to jump in a ruin these
shoes I guess the choice has been
decided how do you say screw that in
Hawaiian
this is pretty neat though right here
it's like a little bathtub on the edge
of a cliff this would be an adequate
jumping spot right here oh my god
if you jump I will poop my pants
sweatin if I jumped off would you jump
off if you jump off and make it out fine
yeah I just saw something doctors at all
you know what whatever I'm gonna jump
yeah doctor that's a short clip yeah
this water is ice-cold we're trying to
get up this cliff I was going to work
you felt like literally be a rock
climber hope this thing can hold me
he's got the whole dam in and you get a
grab hold of footing like I got the rock
go
we get it three before we jump off that
other one we stopped by this look at
this so cool we probably walked 10 more
minutes we're back here now dude that's
so cool we can jump up the hole tonight
it's so calm and then there's that all
right
oh it's full that's a full beer this is
a good a game age-restricted we are not
bad kids you just open it for fun
whoever face-plants of that puddle is
going to get drunk into the calm part
that's so awesome I can feel like a
little bit of undercurrent pull me
towards that edge I got it by the Hat
not just go for it
it's so fun let's jump from the higher
one right up there all right this is as
high as it gets right here there's going
so crazy how calm it is up here that was
so awesome
and then right there is where we're
jumping where's the spot back home at
though stairway
oh that's hot are you coming he said no
way still one yeah could we do it so fun
look at the rainbow
I'm going up the higher one now that is
a higher point oh I want you back pick
them still and you back foot Quintin
record needle I jump and you jump lat
I'm your sweet I'm going to view is so
easy tight probably about the same but
the waterfalls are scarier my mom Joan
let's come back here what's go hey no no
no what we have to get down somehow walk
away that way that way do I record my
mom so I have proof that she does yell
at me and she is a decently normal
parrot my mom's way over there we're
still going to send it one last time
into this
Wow I did it for one
I thought you guys logging across a
freaking waterfall where you could have
slipped and busted your head open at any
time you don't think about anything the
rest of us I've been sitting here
wondering if you're alive for the last
hour we're sorry we have all three of us
right over there hey sorry guys I am
still saying on the GoPro because we are
at another beach right now it is the
first beach we ever went to last year
it's the previous one and it's sunset
does any of this look familiar by down
here no I've never seen an actual sand
castle that's actually good that's sweet
they like made the design and everything
and my mom's chilling eating a Subway
sandwich just got done there much I'm a
liar relaxing what are you girls doing
taking pics haha whoa we're going to see
if we can't find another sea turtle like
last year or something and look at that
sunset
lantern ouch so we made it to the rock I
was just down there about my GoPro shut
off we're going to go back because once
you get to about right here starts to
pull you out towards ocean and I'm
getting tired so time to go back yeah it
got dark so we left so we just made it
back I actually just took a shower so
this happened like 10 minutes ago but we
were all waiting outside of the door
here and we have lost our room key we
only have one or two room keys what if I
was inside one of them my mom took and
we can find it and I just walk over here
climb over this go right here
I could you I took off the screen and
then I just move this and then I crawled
through went around open it up and none
of them are paying attention so is so
funny Billy we were all talking about
where stuff is stick up with the ball
it's going on YouTube so we were all
talking we were like just talking about
where the room key is and where the bag
was and where that could be and then
Terris opens the door if I really
thought you found like a second door
someone like a cat door and these are my
new pants
I just bothered it's in my bed look good
we've started walking and closing that
oh yeah no I covered it in my hand over
all right you guys find our room number
if you try to climb in there and you
wake me up I promise you you'll get a
right hand to the kisser I better bring
this inside so people won't know which
one's ours the moment is the moment a
screen door on the outside gonna follow
me what happened please but yeah we are
going to go ahead and in this video here
hope you guys enjoyed it another day in
Hawaii boy I still like California more
but it's pretty cool here yeah I suppose
was in this video NW like insurance you
enjoyed subscribing and also guys
Michael you know I got in Miss fasiq as
Quentin's going to film clip P wait why
wait guys
he's in the shower Dylan come here real
quick open the door and then bard in the
hell do you want
screen for me
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe
