guys this is my first time having bacon
since I commercial I keep saying that
but I haven't shown the commercial yet
because that's wait for it to be
approved but yeah what is going on guys
today we're back and today hope you guys
are all having a great day these guys
are actually up congratulations Dylan
Dylan Lewis cream it's the best
transition one more - super louder it's
the morning yeah you guys are still
wallowing around now I think you really
need to get up there's only one way to
do that
what is I don't punch you the fruit the
battery in exciting use they're high 3 2
1 okay that didn't now I'm capturing
Dylan vlogging well good morning Brown
Garth and Jordan try make people like
you again Tristan
probably Tristan yelled and cussed in a
video and a lot of people were mad at
him but he's alright guy there you go
you're just pissed me off
let's roll kids yes that is 80 Braungart
lanyard in Hawaii in fact ibrahim hasn't
even get them wherever you are even if
you're not in one we're heading out for
the black sand beach today it's gonna be
really fun that place is super super
cool we wanted cliff jumping yesterday
if you guys missed that you have to go
check it out there's a sick edit in it
probably copyrighted music in it but
it's okay now we just went to another
store seems like every morning we stop
by a store and we get stuff and today we
got this boogie board thingy
I'm going to throw it down on the waves
on the black sand beach and just like
run and slide and I believe seeing a
bottle on the back
everyone hates me opinion bottles they
say it's only in LA
everyone hates you king in general every
can man do I know water I have to be
again leave me in my petite bladder
alone here's a video of me after I peed
in a bottle once what do you got there
laughing new flavor baja blast anderson
so as you guys saw i got that boogie
board thing what are they called i don't
sound like an old boogie board so we
forgot to use the umbrellas and
yesterday's clothes jumpin video I was
like mom we need to do something
different than just cliff jumping so
went and bought three umbrellas they're
still sitting in the back and last time
we came to this exact value was raining
so this time it's not and we have
umbrellas time and okay Dylan remember
paying Dylan edition if it's tough what
am i doing want to go push you that was
a good job yeah we're about to go down
the steepest hill in America it's a road
not a hill there's the sign that says
you have to have a four-wheel drive to
go down we have four-wheel drive I do
and we even have this little dispensing
and we turn up rapgod for an intense
experience now rapidly get too big and
in terms on distance you like that one
lasted all of that Mathers LP one out of
the box engine supposed to Popkin but I
got to mom Depot oh this is crazy and
they rode it goes down there's even more
big white van hollen kids just like last
year take me with you because my mom
can't drive this young gentleman is
going to have to back up cuz this roads
about you know cynthy wide
mom's literally about go fight this kid
we have Quentin though he'll actually
fight them is it going to work in you go
word Empire my friend that wrap up here
goes 20 help bar number 3 hope it's
working they're moving good job Quinn
pointing the traffic code now white ball
turn it up
Quentin's background music
I'm Allen Walker fee finally we're here
let's go boogie that board oh man so
cool got my cat slippers this is what
you call radical vocalist you guys can
hear me it's kind of windy really windy
we're about to send it if you've ever
thought sand is hot you don't know how
this and feel this sand is literally
lava oh there's some cold glad for you
guys do here we go Quinton can try it
real quick right oh so so freaking cool
send it Ilyn right now go I'll let that
fall off dollar what the heck was that
I'll get that close-up view
these got killed bro where to go where
to go going to go pro to spell get it
you get it no it's gone forever
walk around no no Walker here walk
around it's probably probably way up
here I just felt this no no no no no I
got I gotta gotta gotta gotta Thursdays
add a map just drop is on or going down
let's get off this hot Beach all right
when you're gonna ride that wave yeah go
ahead everybody look it's stopping
holy Frick it's you boy crap I'm about
to ride it look at how big dude oh my
god Oh a headset on Quinn's head strap
thing hopefully it's not going to fall
off again my mom get a record on this
camera cozy tonight John I got to get on
our super big one Oh God
I suck at this is so tiring one more try
I'm done and
Wow I did it Wow usin the coconut is
probably the best milk water whatever
I've ever had this exercise is not bad
it's a lot it's got a dirty night all
the right stuff a bite you biting the
coconut now I'm doing just the whites up
I'm just getting black sand all over for
ya just got ourselves a few sandwiches
we are heading out from the black sand
beach right now it was really fun at
first but then once you get to a certain
point like maybe 20 feet out there's
just all rocks it's no sand anymore just
rocks so that kind of hurts we went on
like coconut hunting found a lot of
those found these like pineapple type
fruits I think we're going to go to a
prettier beach now is that right that's
the plan dan wait mom want to show them
what we spread the peanut butter with we
use a cone back of a huge hill this kid
thinks he's going to climb up that big
hill we have an automobile crafted for
Hills like this he has a speed who's
gonna win so Justin still and then did
what send it my 40 year old ass mated
early passed away I wasn't ready oh oh
I've been doing them all okay climb on
over I would but I got a toe injury hey
Taylor what were you last time we were
here
Virginia we stalked a celebrity it was
the sister of Victoria victorious you
know we never found her but I bet I
could like DMR now and be like hey hey
read this little place in the resort
there's like a little beach down there
go check that out and I'm going to do a
sick edit on this camera because I
figured out how to do super slow motion
on it 120 frames per second we need a
surface has been just didn't know we
know I will make trans Gator emerge
before that why just the mean mom
so pretty sure you can actually get
kicked out for jumping off of that thing
how many likes for me to jump off it
tomorrow 125 dollar mark before Thursday
let's do it and then yeah I last I here
is Friday so if we get a hundred
twenty-five thousand likes by Thursday I
will hashtag send it
you
you
Oh
this rock just reminded me of tribal
phobia
there's your evening ruined I hope
you're not eating it let's go we're BFF
today mom we are back at the hotel I'm
about to start editing because we leave
by 7:00 a.m. tomorrow and my upload time
here is 10 o'clock in the morning back
home it's 3 o'clock so I've been editing
at night and I usually head in the
morning but if I why we got to go to the
black sand beach we got to see a pretty
sunset I tried to make it pretty yet it
let me know how I did 125k likes I will
try to jump off that cliff hopefully it
is a depth where I won't die that one at
the resort place the lagoon to be honest
is kind of like a been there done that
feeling here I still love Hawaii it's
still really awesome but I think we're
going to try to mix it up and do stuff
that we didn't do last time because
right now we have a feeling like oh well
we you know just like if you and your
family take a trip to the same place
it's like come on like but cliffs coming
never gets old hopefully we can do more
of that because that's probably my
favorite thing just sending it there's
something about it oh and I said I was
going to start editing on Final Cut Pro
that was a lie because I tried to edit
on it and it's hard yeah I'm I go ahead
and in this video here I hope you guys
enjoyed it hope you guys all had a great
day I'm really going to try to not miss
any days the Hawaii like just for you
guys and yeah thank you so much for
watching don't really like insurance to
enjoyed subscribe he knew not to get is
my son Dylan you know what to do now I
just want to do scream really really
loud
fuck you can't looking like that you
just may be too far
