yes what Tristan why I finally upgraded
to Final Cut Pro crazy I always used to
edit on this program I'm actually
editing the video right now the bacon
one I always used used Adobe Premiere
Elements 14 but Quentin got this and
a-courtin can use it and I can use it I
just always never wanted to learn anyone
but what is going on guys today we were
back in today
kinesio nutrition yeah it is basically
the first day in Hawaii because
yesterday's vlog was not really a Hawaii
vlog it was basically an airport vlog
and then a Q&A with my mom so it wasn't
that great if you didn't watch it you
don't have to but today is going to be
way better we're going cliff jumping
today I had a bad dream last night
Tristan I had a dream that SD rap sent
me a tiny toy car that was only half
wraps with my rap color and then like I
pressed a button and inflated into my
actual car but the wheels were broken
and then it just like disappeared so I
asked them about it and they're like oh
yeah yours was stolen I was like how
does it get stolen and then I was pissed
then I would go my computer is still in
Kansas time so it is almost 1 o'clock
Kansas time these fools are still asleep
I'm going to make a new background for
my computer right now Missy I love Jim
Carrey I'm going to use these shoes for
cliff jumping someone sent me these in
the fan mail actually no I got a a
meet-and-greet pretty sure it was
Chicago I'll check those out I'm gonna
use them for cliff jumping with the
click bass one time point I think I
won't go buy a wet two this morning
because I didn't bring mine cuz I
couldn't find it
rise and shine you cuties I was writing
some signs and then I turned off my
rides and motion
I was having a good dream I had a
horrible dream dude someone stole my
frickin car no camera such a hypocrite
he yelled at us for going back to bed
and then look at the kid hey tanner is
not bad time anymore
alright mom we can't just do normal
cliff jumping is it going to be with an
umbrella or a mini trampoline or what's
it gonna be well we're gonna go my
Walmart anyway I think umbrellas would
be fun like party with a bunch of
umbrellas get about you get like
trampoline with umbrellas yeah I get the
big umbrellas and get like you and like
the medium size yeah little tiny with
the medium okay
we'll just leave it at remaining close
for the next people and also I brought
my chest strap Quinton bought a head
strap for the GoPro there it is so we're
just going to take turns you know as
meat we're both going to make a stick
cliff jumping videos and then there's
Dylan look at this dude I want to strap
on are you girls going to send it today
or what you want lilies a sin bit person
and they put jumping you're going to
send it me it just means you're just
going to like send it it means you're
going to get on the cliff and gives jump
oh I don't know what about you Jordan
are you gonna send it off the cliff oh
that was a hell no someone should
probably make a send it counter for this
trip because it's going to be up there
did you just send it in I did hop in
today that's my blogging where somebody
get that wetsuit and check out what
doors up here guys see that up there
that's croc they got every croc you'd
ever need it guys it's terrible shut up
shut up me yeah we can't find a Western
we went to one store they said go to the
store so I went to that's the one that
said go back to that source my guess is
we probably aren't getting one now for
Walmart yeah umbrellas in the trampoline
and then we're going close gently yay
get us pumped up for club jumpin Big
Time Rush they build it here now my mom
does not open the back so I'm trapped
Candyland save me question who's gonna
stamp it sir I'll go first know what the
first jump oh it's like the perfect
height you look so professional things
here like it okay go oh gosh
new GoPro first jump hopefully I don't
lose it I got a folding handle it's fine
I'm going to kind of put my hands in
whenever academic ready yeah cool this
thing stays on you got to climb over to
this when it's high V I am NOT jumping
down that again so scary
no what is that oh god we better go we
got to go we got to go parkour it out
Dillon oh I wouldn't do that if I were
you ticket oh your schedule I'm going
with a ladder is it's like beginning to
get radical slamming at the rock oh I
smell marijuana come on thank you
love yourself US dude how can we get a
bullpup down thing
Oh
Oh
oh here's your got this awesome gizmo
Prague's
finally we are back everybody didn't I
should open the back in to turn that on
but mom way open the back check up on
the shoe and it's not too bad pretty
dirty I can still wear in fact at the
hotel resort I'm so hungry we have eaten
like snacks today I'm about to make a
peanut butter sandwich I hope you guys
enjoyed the cliff jumping at it I really
put some time into that we were there
for like four hours there was so much
fun
we lived it up bro and I just realized
how sunburned I got definitely bad on my
shoulders is your movie over yet no can
I speak okay Oh Eli oh the pool isn't
closed we're trying to go for a late
night swim right now probably if it's
closed for sneaking in bruh I've been
here before I remember last year I made
a video getting kicked out of a resort
or something okay there's someone in the
pool we're good okay now this pool is
heated it's so nice yeah for this for a
little bit
can we stay like five minutes I'm just
trying to finish this blog okay
place five minutes five minutes okay
thank you Quentin was right click along
we got five minutes I'll cut back flips
off that last year you dare me do it
again I'm scared I'm sticking my feet
teasin don't do it we're leaving in five
minutes librarians is it Barry and I
want to do this is the very you want to
say thirty minute
I survived enjoyer three minutes a hot
tub more days to go so yeah guys this
was basically day one of Hawaii I think
we're going to the black sand beach
tomorrow maybe we're probably going to
do upside down ziplining soon sauce
great on my freaking good oh yeah Dylan
got Flint tell what happened on the rock
okay so I went down there and this is
like the whole like the big hole you
guys are where I got hit and where the
water like goes up and down like four
feet it's all I want to do it actually
happen except for that one girl that one
hot girl that was in like the whole one
food I wanted you the whole time she was
actually down there and she saw heaven
so I got pulled onto the water and yeah
I like what it means to rock but I
didn't even her and I got my olive oil
it was crazy
Lear after that happened I think I feel
like a huge boat it's not like it was
this day on hobby extra wood it fell on
my back and I said it and I felt
something like hit my head and like get
on my head so I'm like this it friggin
stretched in my back and I just fuckin
ice push it over here and then breathe
and the water rose whenever he wasn't
paying attention and then like a rock
like fell on it long story short that
big hole is very scary I love it though
neither it was fun see you guys in
tomorrow's video hope you guys enjoyed
this one yes thank you guys so much for
watching this video and if we leave like
insurance we enjoyed subscribe from you
and I'll see you guys next week
my favorite it ain't my fault is when I
just scream
you came and looking like that you just
maybe
