it is 6:30 6:00 a.m. we need to leave
here by 6:45 and I'm just now packing
because I was really tired so I went to
bed close enough oh look at you Armel
miss you miss you
mm tired rouse when you can go back to
bed
you can sleep for a week to the right
when you wake up I'll be back goodbye
okay we're going on guys today we're
back and today I hope you're all having
a great day we are about to head out for
the airport we're going to Hawaii ya
know one of the big island grow I don't
know which one is that the Billy is the
biggest one I'll to look it up okay one
more kiss my mom did you get your old
truck back yeah sure Oh shite Ellen will
happen that kid a kid that was caught
with my mom's truck after it was missing
he probably stole it who knows but he
got into a car crash and broke his back
so we're not like soon or anything
because we don't want to kick him while
he's down but I mean yeah he was with
his friend he wasn't driving but his
friend was driving drunk so now we can
go to the airport so we can sit for nine
hours yes am I allowed to make edgy
jokes on this trip like last year I
guess you're doing repeated that long
yeah so I make them five minutes and
random me know not a lot of jokes though
right an airport especially now we can
all just let loose on this trip we have
permission from my mom can we make gay
jokes where's Tristan
so I said say yes okay
we are going on our first flight we have
a 45-minute flight to Dallas and then
we're flying from Dallas all the way to
Hawaii so that one's going to be nine
hours I'm going to die everybody's at
the front of the plane except for Dylan
37 row world ten fat bill and cash first
flight has been delayed an hour as we're
on the plane like they're having a
maintenance thing and they don't have
any maintenance people that help so we
have to wait on them so I almost had my
first convenient experience on an
airplane so it was right now now let's
do an awkward airplane selfie
barely made it but we are actually
getting on our flight we don't have to
wait five hours to get on another flight
to Hawaii remember last year I saved my
little blanket so I could jump off a
cliff of it but already been done all
this leave it on the flight probably
halfway display I tried to believe
economically what does this kid
beeps straight up like this
look at the windows just completely
white
just like like that's what follow-up
said was the same
Oh Quentin we are about to lose our
street we're about to lose our streak
and we don't have any Wi-Fi
right now we are about as high as the
fifth level of the thing in our back
yard with you we got a big SUV this time
don't look old I'm not going to change
my truck if they're falling if it's
eight people come on we have that's
pretty cool okay just no smoking though
did you know Carlos from Big Time Rush
lived here probably not this one I think
it's like the coolest one pretty cool
yeah as a kid you probably won't want to
hang out with a kid alright we just went
to Walmart Quinn and I bought them
GoPros this memory skis like when you
started it goes back to where you wanted
boom we're finally going to the resort
I'm so tired
it's like 8 o'clock back home no it's
like 9:00 it's nine o'clock back home at
4 o'clock here so we're all tired but
we're still gonna send day this is the
best rental car ever we can pay my mom
there's Dylan text messages of this he
can't control anything because he
conducted his phone to bluestacks tanner
run guard
- teamwork longer I love you eat my
butthole I love you going on the second
floor this time pretty sure it is the
same resort as last time let's check it
out basically the same if there's
bedroom right here let's do this yeah
yeah you guys already know it looks like
it's just really cool we bought
ourselves some non blue juice but it's a
tropical plant you had this back home
but we couldn't find a blue one and this
one's all dented in but it's still good
we are on the second pole this time so
we can go out look at the balcony yep
there's a swans house I remember back
flipping off this shower bathroom
everything so yeah and I know we just
got here but it is already pretty late
like Kansas time so we're probably going
to like relax go to bed
I'm not going to film anymore the rest a
day but here is a Q&A because I tweeted
out that I was going to do a Q&A with my
mom and I ended up reacting to the
Hawaii video so I wanted to stick this
in I think it's really funny so um yes
thank you so much for watching don't
really like it as much enjoyed the sky
view and I'll see you as my son yeah oh
you're getting a phone call should we
answer it
oh that's the accountant probably kind
of important I'll call back all right
Mallory what was your favorite and least
favorite bathtub filling for fan mail
openings least favorite was the one I
did for the commercial thing yesterday I
went for canna I didn't know it wasn't
for fan mail it was loaded bacon grease
it was fake bacon grease but it was
still baking it was so nasty then we had
real bacon in it so they were still
greasing they my least favorite was a
friggin Oreos in the old house oh yeah
that are like formed a paste
what is your mom's dream car that's so
hard because ya might mount a supercar
person then my Camaro Convertible was my
super like my ultimate dream and I
already got it
so I guess you just run a new Camaro
state a 2017 yeah because they have a
new body style and my olden the tops
we're in holon my dream car is a
Lamborghini Aventador or super blue
you guys bring you just kinda neat I
know I'm gonna tell them I'm going to
tell 11g Aventador is my dream car I'm
gonna get that next the next car I
purchased will be eliminated or C or D
knows I've been talking to her about it
I have to wait though the only reason
I'm thinking about this car so much is
because that on my r8 and I just
I've been trying to find something to
fill the gap in my heart look it's the
butterfly doors there's a car called a
Koenigsegg that I've been looking at it
is so so amazing it's like one of the
world's fastest cars this is what they
look like the doors open like that it is
so cool is the inside that look awesome
day looks so freakin cool they look like
the like spaceships they look like the
entity XF off of grant that's not a fire
what's the worst thing you know Tanner
has done or the most embarrassing moment
I used to be like super embarrassed by
everything you did like whenever made
even go to thanks like there's a place
called century 2 in which ties with this
big convention hall and he would go jump
off the walls and I'm over here like
gosh everybody must think I'm the
world's worst parent ever and I've got a
cold like you're gets out of control of
it and I'm just going it's just him holy
crap you can not contain all that I was
doing parkour leave me alone yeah and so
I just I quit trying but yet trying to
keep them safe was Taylor and accident
yes totally any plans to travel to
England well we still unless the United
States I'm trying to get him to go to
England or to Australia but the plane
ride is is a yeah not cool but we won't
who's better who's better for trips
Dylan or Clinton I love them both but
the only reason I would say Dylan is
because and I told Quentin is so I'm not
talking about his back because he
doesn't like screw with Tristan and
cause drama written loves it just cause
drama and this kind of crap possessive
serious and Dylan's more chill and roll
with the punches kind of thing and so
that's the only reason Quentin is so
kind and courteous and all of that so
this kid has bold and brash is perfect
my picture will you drop any March or
something to do with your mom you think
that's cringy it just it's true I'm
doing everyone would you feel as Tanner
brought home a dump you had a dog visit
like Dylan is brought over a dog and
people brought over dogs and our dogs
freaking flip out they start barking
they act like idiots and whenever
there's three it's like hell on earth
yeah no they never shut up we love our
dogs and Lunas not fictional I don't
have two cases
ah how's the other two guys on this
person asked me if I like their fan art
and the answer is yes what is the limit
that you would
no to Tanner a lot of people think you
only say yes and you never get mad it's
when it's threatened to safety that's my
cut off when I genuinely feel like we're
arson or fees bordering on something I
think that's inappropriate guess what
we're doing today all right for stories
on that thing by the pool yeah we're
going to go buy a bunch of sandbags
they'll be safe promise we're going to
go ahead in the city here I hope we get
enjoyed I want to be back on Hawaii
I can't wait also my frickin car back
and then I want my Lamborghini Medora
and I want my counting sake and I I
might have to become an actor so that I
can make enough money to that but you
know you choose way more funds yeah
thank you guys so much watching this
video and don't we leave like insurance
friends to enjoy sky canoe and I'll see
you in the next one
did it did a fault it ain't rhombus
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe check
