what are you going on guys today we are
back and today I hope you guys are all
having a great day we're back second
video today that I'm filming by mom I
just I just talked to mom for like an
hour about my new super car dream car
after the Aventador not happening safety
reals
okay corn is here um yeah I'm definitely
still going to get to the car someday
someday soon within a year that's a
promise to myself what my second video
today - oh really yeah I filmed edited
and posted that one videos in an hour me
too I did a reacting video because we
are about to go to Hawaii really you
reacting this yeah me and my mom we
leave for Hawaii tomorrow by the time
this videos up we're going to be on
plane on our way what you want outros
you went out okay no come here
okay we're going to skip the whole
process of the you know buying all the
rails buying all that today we're going
to be making that tower for stories
because why not I really want to jump
off it four stories high I think that's
probably the maximum like safe-ish way
we can do it we're gonna buy a lot more
sandbags I'm just going to skip that
stupid process I think don't come in
today as well oh yeah my new super car
dream car is a Koenigsegg one:1 by the
way there's like seven ever made it's no
more like 4.8 million you can do it yeah
I'll just prefer
we have launched him
she
this is probably from the grease from
the bacon can you see my nipple I can't
tell I can't see yes it can't see them
nothing can you see my third one I'm
getting the line although they have a
third one right there it formed
overnight I don't know why but it hurts
she's already been on here swimming okay
just you have rabies or what look at her
mouth right now okay
she's probably been licking up the salt
water she literally has foam in her
mouth red you okay it's through the
rabies says okay I don't think she has
rabies
we bought a lot of sandbags but the
fourth one is not on yet we only have
three we still have a lot of parts we're
making safety rails this time we have it
stable on the ground every corner has
more sandbags check out all the bags of
sand we bought every sand bag that they
had as you guys know there's three of us
here the sign which is still not enough
because these things are what we have to
get to the very top all the way up there
so Dylan's going to be on the ground
he's going to hand them up to me on the
first then I'm going to hand them up to
Dylan on the second who's gonna have to
climb up then we're going to hand them
up to Clinton I was going to record this
but you can't even see the top we have
the floor going on now except for the
safety rails were about to do that but
what was it going to say deals with Q I
think oh yeah I'm like Dukes wise I just
keep stacking stuff no no I hate to him
but it's my idea it were literally is
always your room
you're literally got it I think yeah
guys it is shaking so much no more
stories of this this is the last one
Quentin are you ready
tell me when you got it got it got it
three he says it's taller than my
neighbor's house so older than houses
and trees right now we are currently all
on one side of this and climbing Thank
You Dylan
I'm coming Clinton want to get on the
left side just in case oh my gosh guys
look at this this is so crazy we have an
extra pole so we're going to do is we're
going to wait for an animal just spirit
javelin it is honestly wiggling so much
all right let's do this on the secret
path oh yeah that thing I've never seen
that before do it yeah oh it's stuck in
the ground so we have two safety rails
two safety rails and then we have one
safety rail because we all climb up this
side and it wouldn't be safe to have the
other one because that would make some
through it and you'd have more chance of
falling text for me yeah you'd have to
crawl through it but this is the jump it
looks pretty fun just so frickin scary
in your house your tower your jumpers
I will appears to be the first to jump
okay I feel a lot more safe with this
but yeah this doesn't make it seem more
like official thank God a little less
redness if anybody gainers off this you
get five gold points and Lincoln
description I've never done gainer in my
life so would it be a good first time to
try Dylan get off I'm being chased it
all is we're all on this side so it'll
like pull it over wait for me I
literally feel more safe jumping off
this and standing on it another minute
so I'm just going to frickin send it is
that what the kids call these days send
it singing dad ready three Joe why
bender
well I have is so pretty fuck John test
oh yeah the shoe go hi
are you peeing off the side I hate you
are you shaking above their head shaking
the money spins we are recording on
Quinton camera hashtag send it you win
oh that's so fun the best thing ever
please do it so fun this is actual
clothes jumping in our backyard oh my
god the biggest last this is like a jog
that everytime is so scary
Wow alright well tomorrow guys just get
spider-man one knee room spider-man 2
this smells like fucking piss over there
wonder why I forgot this side has a bar
oh yeah
Noorie back look he sent a now it's your
turn
that big crap I've not heard it up we're
acting like I don't even owe donors if I
get off here you at the back reveal our
data back oh all day
you go back full I do a gainer handshake
from far away great zero one okay I got
very scared I kept looking at Luda and I
was like this is it last thing I want to
see is the dog that pisses me off most
seen worse comes to worse I get your
adsense account three two one yeah we
could jump all the way across the pool
if they wanted to
I'm really not trying to get hurt before
my wife how's that buckshot I'm going
for height
yeah back up Dylan don't splash me I'll
be so pissed
guys just get a job he's not gonna back
up I don't blame them yeah done it Cinda
got a gap in the middle
adapt or doodad okay Deb whip and nae
nae and now we're going to get that
trampoline that's missing three legs
right now we're gonna find a three legs
we're gonna stick it in a shallow in the
deep end we're going to be trampling
tricks on our water because why not and
I'll have a GoPro that's charged up so I
can't find a cord so we're gonna use an
iPhone and hopefully it's actually
waterproof hey guys I have Tanner's
camera and I'm gonna jump off of here
are you ready for this it's a phone on a
camera oh I'm gonna send that oh oh I
think I'm gonna actually I can hold it
hey Michael you lost the ball socket
part of John everybody I got it getting
underwater shot of road-ready
we're seeing a wing get the pasta back
on it's not going back on hey Luna
thanks providing my chair you're the
best
we need for traveling like
it is not possible now it is time to
bring the trampoline down into the
defense when you do actual underwater
trampolines which we think that we got
them all smile looks like a helmet think
it is dude look at the top of his head
you got my cable back to what call our
get up my nose rolls I jump on a
trampoline I'll do a Cody underwater
right now ready yeah
this is the last jump for real the time
300 yeah but I actually pretty light it
right here my blood so bad because I was
going to break my ankles on the slant
Idol in my ass
well guys I'm going to go ahead and
watch some supercar videos last night
pack for Hawaii actually I'll probably
do that right before we leave in the
morning - that'sthat's just me that was
honestly really fun I'm so happy that we
did that probably not going to do five
because that is probably gonna fall soon
anyway yeah I hope you guys does this
video I thank you so much for watching
don't forget if I can transfer you enjoy
subscribe to me and I'll see you guys
next one and don't forget to watch all
the Hawaii vlogs I'll make them good
yeah I'll reel quick it's time for
another pop socket because as you guys
know mine broke I'm just going to stick
it on right where it was this time it's
going to be at a my fault until I get my
fuck it has my tattoo on it cuz that'll
be sitting and I'm not going to watch
supercar videos because I'm going to
watch Rick and Morty thought you came in
looking like that you just made bitch
