well guys here's what happens if Luna
wakes up before you and comes out here
while you're still asleep you literally
chewed up a ping-pong paddle I didn't
know my dog had razor blade teeth and
apparently she's been gnawing at the
bottom of our couch oh there she is now
what is this what is going on guys today
we're back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day is actually
current day that I'm uploading this
video we're filming this in the morning
we're doing this commercial thing it's a
long story it was actually in our house
you guys have me on snapchat showed some
of that but basically I can't upload the
behind the scenes the video that I
filmed for a while I don't really know
why but this is why we're doing this I
do not want to skip two days called a
brand deal they have to prove what he
did I did some acting in it Rama Kelly
it was Rama's Academy part - it was
cringing oh yeah we're about to go to
Hawaii by the way we leave tomorrow yeah
well two days for them
cuz I'm uploading it today right we
leave Saturday morning yeah so we gonna
go back to Hawaii I have a computer
right here we should react to our old
Hawaii videos I wanted to see what it
was okay so last year when we went this
is like I saved it money it was for
tristant graduation and I was like sure
we would never ever ever go back so it
was all it's literally the only place on
the planet where my kids didn't fight
for a whole week but we'll fudge I mean
you guys saw Tristan's little drama on
the other video a couple days ago show
me where you flew ends up being backward
we're in the beanbag room you know I
mean like you can just piss me off use
not going in my room you didn't even get
a seola seola
yeah that comes like come on I'm not
getting in this lot for this serials
psychopath yeah
so clearly fighting that happens in our
house we're not perfect man we all have
our issues monster that is just just oh
you want to show them merge so I can put
on some clothes okay no you have the
insert clip of me showing him the new
website hey mom what do we have here a
new website a new website pretty high
four percent on this camera so with you
keep growing or calm Wow so easy so
convenient but check this out new merch
is down here but look here we go back
wearables and then we have oh wow I like
that one there for girls girls or guys
yeah can I have that's me and Dylan hold
on your favorite oh yeah definitely my
fits not available now yep oh my god
guys you can have my tattoo - you have
to go check out those new website we put
so much time into this and like we have
youth we have adults we have accessories
we have seconds I was copying my emoji
thing then we have pop we still sell
those yes we had to have the og or let
it go back then we have backpacks look
at all we have like 20 of these left and
then when they are sold out they will be
gone gone gone Wow oh yeah there's my
tattoo and a pop song it that's like
thank you mama
you're welcome I'm so excited we got a
whole big bag of merchandise apparently
these go on our dogs we'll do that later
we have bandanas slab of lands our shirt
in here I can wear
you know we don't have this hang someone
yet we've got I'll just wear this and
then she for source for skirt we have to
get into this video I know okay
commercial over so we're going to start
off with the first blog from last year
in Hawaii I just kind of want to react
to these because I just remember it
being really funny it was probably like
one of the best weeks of my life I kept
my videos pretty short they're like six
minutes four minutes five minutes I
think that is before you understood the
YouTube algorithm yeah everybody has to
go for ten minutes now but now I know
all the secrets unpacks and pewdiepie
pewdiepie dick pretty sure we're in
Hawaii the first one okay let's start
I'm not pausing the video we're just
going straight through it because then
it just takes longer to edit and I got
to get this video out by three sometimes
a million views we're in Hawaii is a
million views at the time I had like
9000 subscribers so if the day before
with me for a ye and right now I'm about
to sign this contract and I have a
surprise for you guys you ready coming
out there Hawaii oh yeah and get out
with you our first contact and I don't
want to give away too much and ruin the
surprise but it's going to be over now
400 yeah let's try it when somebody puts
me inside this is pretty good deal now
you totally ignore contract did you just
like don't make fun of me for the way I
hold my pistol you cyber bullies yeah
I'm gonna go walk on in times like you
guys don't make fun of me for the way
you're holding the pencil Simon yeah
yeah the scooby-doo screen therie yet
yeah freaking tired but we're gonna go
to the airport I shaved my bed okay I
miss this is back when I was funny by
the way you guys are going to see some
funny stuff funny no not
tailors village even have another one
the number 220 I made 9/11 jokes back
then and no one cared if I did that now
just to make sure
see I like recorded all this plane stuff
because back then I never blue very much
so it was like a big deal and it was
cool to me now I don't even I shut my
eyes during the takeoff now and try to
sleep cuz it's so boring today it's a
darkness back nine hours I want you to
do so we landed in Denver an hour off to
Phoenix like literally we know the
Denver Airport yeah yeah we spent so
much time Airport into stuff like this
guy was like okay I wasn't there was a
guy playing Minecraft like a grown man I
remember his wait right there
look at his house is not your that cool
we need to try to fit this kind of flare
this week all I held this human flag for
a while I remember oh one second there's
like three oh yeah
never doesn't long as I'd ever hold it
egg McMuffin
I can see it I'm getting high washing as
a freakin long that plays up look good
thing really late but it's actually only
0-6 whenever we're landing well because
both are broken because I was peeing and
it's tingling August great into one cue
into him the road I remember that it was
fell down I was peeing peeing the hole
is that the trip where you lost your
phone for a hot minute like yeah yeah I
just put a phone up there whenever I
wanted to scare everybody that was
watching it it works in the comments are
like that was my first backup I prevent
after being in that plane that hurt so
bad
oh I kept doing the rental car joke
you're like impress Mike I'm back to
normal with those that came out these
videos were so fast-paced it's hard to
react to them because I keep coming
there's the people a box because doing a
big it's for pony for the second time
and you had another microphone
microphone number two old now ten looks
like a loose tooth and in with the new
yep even though it's the exact same
thing I love this mic in yeah I hate
that line now so now I'm going to give
you guys a real quick tour for the
kitchen I think we're staying in the
same place right let me get it back
through here there's the bedroom me my
brother going to sleep in my face are
you hearing everybody yeah and this
thing it looks you're pretty cool I'm
going to get that dream bedroom because
the parking lot then we move on and use
your edges by one is no together the
whole point yes yesterday here another
TV out there is a small area in the Gulf
portion and the beaches out there Chad
punches go down a little bit so I go to
oh we were to the beach in this video to
swallow me how to turtle it was a TV
master bath mask your shower you know 64
naked at the same time you may have a
closet bathroom
we have this gigantic mirror myself
this is so for little girls I'm using I
had a pretty beat yeah national tropical
amazing beach like everything that
they're ever really I've been in like
New York Coney Island Beach and then San
Diego's and actually but this tops it
all off like oh my gosh look at this
stand and everything so cool after all
when we're going to take no dice I'm
going to have it for anything we're just
going to kind of like do whatever and
it's going to be appreciated
I just followed me
as gluten oh my god
I remember making an Instagram of our
little you I can't be like four inches I
swear census can still dishes skin you
check when your GoPro words are goofy
yeah the water was actually warmed it
was so great I thought it was cold but I
think everything comes coalesced and
then the turtles right here we better
see another turtle
I usually one of my face alright guys
I'm just going to kind of enjoy the rest
we're not going to film much more at the
beach that's pretty much it for today
guys day one of Hawaii's done thank you
for watching subscribe more videos share
friends all the good stuff and I'm out
peace in time 3 I don't want just became
on my hands wet but he's out yep oh cool
it's out throw everything
that was the song of the trip no why
old ouch oh it's gonna be super cool
this time because we're taking more
people tonight we're taking four friends
he's taking two and then two sanitary
chicken friend and they've never been to
Hawaii
I don't think they've even slow much I
know I'm quite a bit on one time Dylan
one time I know that Jordan and Lily I
bet they have in mind I don't know yeah
I haven't told the yeah else is coming
it's our cousin Lily is who my sisters
taking and my brother's taking his
friend Jordan she's been some of the
videos well we're going to go ahead in
the city here I hope you guys enjoyed I
got to get to editing it I want to be
back at Hawaii I can't wait also my
freaking car back and then I want my
Lamborghini Matawan and I want my
counting SE and I I might have to become
an actor so that I can make enough money
to that but you know you choose way more
fun and I just want to say thank you
guys for all the support lately I've
been looking at my videos so let's do
this real quick your videos are killing
it yeah I mean you guys are killing time
yeah that's so cool I already made a
video about my new room when my room is
obviously the same room and I got one
point two million views I got an
age-restricted video that means kids
can't watch it 856 K 1.2 1.7 even my
haunted video people don't care if I do
haunted stuff people don't care if I get
scared they only care if you know phase
Rail remember they don't get scared
well my video got 931 K of us going and
playing hide and seek in that abandoned
grain elevator so I'm super hype about
that thank you guys so much fine buy
anything you want challenge with my
sister if shopping 1.6 million people do
you know how many people that is a rock
concert is like a maximum like 50,000
yeah that's like a killer one yeah
that's so crazy so yeah thank you guys
so much to that honestly ji thank you
guys so much watching this video and
don't really like enjoyed friends to
enjoy subscribe to new and I'll see you
guys the next one did you date fault it
ain't rhombus goodnight
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made me fall
