oh here they come here they come oh no
they're wet they were just in the pool
hey hey chill chill chill chill I just
got they I I guess this is Quintin sir
anyway what did you want on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day shell you
never even do this why why right now
relax relax relax relax
as you guys see by the thumbnail in the
title that big tower over there it's
going to be three stories high now are
full of like seven feet deep so this is
really dangerous well I'm so ready to
have some fun it's like actually bright
out today it's been cloudy and sad about
the last three days so I'm so sick of
that and after yesterday's prank on
tourism where we filled his room with
cereal I'm ready to relax do something
actually really fun that was dreadful it
was a lot of work I've been watching an
unhealthy amount of super car videos I
missed my Audi r8 so much and I talked
to the guys at SD rat we're hoping to
get it back in about two weeks so if you
guys can just bear with me until then
I know it's hard we're actually doing a
little bit more to the car than I
originally planned on doing so it's
going to be sick before we head off to
the store and get the third piece of
that if you guys remember in the video
when we build that two pieces fell out
of the back of the truck on the way home
this is one of them very very bent so
this one's not usable and we couldn't
find the other one so I need two more of
those and I also need three more panels
each one of these is a panel there's
three right here I need three more of
those so that we can stand on the very
very top you stay out here go play with
your stick you can't come inside you are
soaking wet mom will yell what hello
guys oh my god my foam paint it's gone I
mean some of its right there but Taylor
this looks so weird this is your wish
you always wanted it gone the fan is
still like that though we're keeping the
fan like that because another foam pits
are coming because I'm getting a phone
call I will all but Quinn hello I'm in
my living room yeah there's no phone
painting here it's bull crap
alright say it poop Bella oh my gosh did
you dude she's huge
I wanted a sister were there Luna's in
the backyard barking inside never played
in forever
well I guess loon is about the same side
I think I don't know they're about the
team no I think yours is a little bit
taller yours is really tall bro I'm
gonna go jump into my bean bag my former
foampit I'm gonna try this just once
real quick guys I can't even explain how
your disposal is so sworn not to say oh
my gosh there's Quinn really twins
oh no she got in blue nice doing a house
I see thank you to listen for one last
thing I promised right before we get
into this Tristan's room it is
completely 100% clean still smells like
cereal but it's okay hi is the trash
still in here yep there it is all the
bag goes all the way back in the corner
this is foam and cereal yeah keep that
closed we're going to take my mom's
temporary new truck someone took mine
it's gone I don't know where it is I
only have one vehicle right now right
then since we're keeping them oh yeah
you can think about you probably know
better than us good I hope these don't
fly out again dude easily could should I
ride in the back let's it off oh thanks
so much
Quentin's driving so I can play my
skateboarding game hat um no he said
you're a better driver than me so I made
you do it last but not least a bunch of
saying they go way down yeah dude they
both jump so high just having to
mentally disabled up don't let her push
you in bro Quinn just had his dog swim
for the very first time so go check that
out on his channel
Quinn McCarthy you ought to go find it
link in description maybe maybe it won't
be we can't decide if we need to put the
bags of sand on the legs down here or if
we should put it up there on that first
platform
Dylan was going to come but now he's not
going to so we got to build all this by
ourselves it's going to be risky they
look like the same dog I'm not even
kidding all there goes Rose I'm going to
say you guys right here where hopefully
will I fall Josh ed just broke
okay I'll get it this time I'm going to
try to make sure this doesn't go
everywhere yeah got it
this is the ribbed wet one oh yeah we
can do this one we can do it
all right so the last one is backwards
okay oh yeah he's going to throw the
last one backwards everyone he got it
getting it right to my face I count it
now he comes up and I handed it do my
feet are slippery yeah and this is way
about this half ready the gym paid off
deadlift
holy crap it's going to be so frickin
tall dude Cooper jumping rope oh my gosh
I don't even know oh yeah dr. Taylor for
recording she's the best sister course I
am
that was a chance to thank my knee
replacement therapies wow that looks
great yamp I have such a good views
ready for one more piece and we're home
free
we can finally fall three stories into a
shallow pool haha my absolute definitely
thank you coming up putting there you go
that's a roof now I got to get up let's
go see how high it is this is the second
platform this is how high it is pool
looks pretty small right let's go up
here oh god it's so high dude how's it
look at it oh you can literally see the
whole pool in the camera what the heck
hey I still can't see the neighborhood
oh yeah I didn't hear she doesn't know
how to go to the stuff yet so pretty
my shorts are good like them on our hat
yeah I like better him it's probably
just as high as the bridge but it's just
jealous
yes I did it and it's in demand Mike's
depth of foot off the back heel and in
the hot tub he be fine and three two one
whoa Yahoo still off and fall good
bottom no I didn't at the bottom I put
my hands out oh that was so much fun
he's going to go out the other side so
maybe it bounces out the waist but all
the way to sorts the front could still
be bet I'm imagine if we got a bunch of
six-foot it would all be like that
bottomless now now it would be hard to
climb up hoho and it's so high doing it
there first for me
the only rough he was sure Rock Paper
Scissors rock pizzas oh all right you go
first you win by show I can feel my head
bein pulsating you got it throw we're
kidding about the full $5 so freaking
long strap this is a one-time thing so
everybody walked closely
let's have a party full of uncoordinated
kid or not but look where they have to
it I mean I guess this is the definition
of sketchy back up the ladder for a very
special trick that I cannot turn down
what listen who hit one button and you
just swing her on up and then you're
there there we go
so once you go off oh just jump into
with your camera okay let's go oh man I
got it looks like you're over concrete
it would be good for a quick they go for
at guy three two one how was it I got
like no push off that was a miracle I
made it around
you'd have your shirt back by the way
time hi guys we are back inside just had
a home-cooked meal for like the third
time and around my mom is killing the
home-cooked meal game yeah yeah yeah and
I just want to let you guys know if
you're ever bored and you guys like
Family Guy or American Dad check out
this new show I don't know how new it is
but it's called Rick and Morty it's
hilarious
I just found it it's probably not new
but you know yeah it's new does you
don't watch it already go watch it and
that's on the news so yeah we're going
to go ahead and in this video here I
hope you guys enjoyed it yeah I think
you guys so much watching this video and
definitely like Insurance press if you
enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll see
you guys next one people what guys I
just finished this video and I was
thinking if you guys really really
really want me to I will make that Tower
four stories high I was looking back at
the footage and I go you could probably
make it four stories high decently safe
we probably have to go buy more sandbags
but whatever it would be super crazy
it'd be so fun I think that would
probably be the highest we could jump
off the tower into the pool without like
hurting ourselves my mom has no idea I'm
thinking of this idea and if you guys
want me to leave a like leave a comment
let me know and if you guys really want
me to before this videos up I will go
get the materials even though we have a
lot of people out our house right now
we're kind of busy I don't think my mom
watched this video yet anyway don't tell
her I swear
imagine that huge tower being four
stories high that'd be so freakin crazy
since we survived three I just thought
of this idea so yeah let me know and
peace out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
