and we're good mission accomplished mom
guys literally going 20 miles an hour
yeah you cook forever
guys we got it hold on let me show them
this we got some cereal as you guys know
my chunk is huge we have all that cereal
my whole back seat is full of cereal we
got to keep you guys door closed
Pettersson doesn't see it he's up in his
room filming what do you want on guys
today we were back and today we are
about to pull the best prank I've ever
pulled in my entire life as you guys saw
I have a ton of cereal and I'm just
going to dump it all over my brother's
room I'm going to fill my brother's room
with cereal I told my sister's room with
those little beanbag beads it is time
now to prank my brother I was thinking
maybe dog food or glitter but then I
realized he will literally kill me over
dog food that was my horrible he'd
probably like glitter but it would be so
small you would never get any of it it
would ruin the carpet it would ruin his
bed his walls with have it's just not
going to happen so I wanted to do cereal
it'll smell good it's still food though
so I have an hour to kill right now my
mom is going to take him to get his
nails done stuff and whenever they leave
I'm gonna have Quentin come over my
sister and my mom's friend Debbie are
going to help us you guys are not ready
for this
I'm so excited I've never swam in cereal
oh wait yeah I have and if you guys
missed yesterday's video when I
surprised Quentin with this Corvette you
should definitely go check it out it is
super awesome as well and I'm gonna go
take a shower I'll see you guys a little
bit I'm excited by that time on interest
in leaving my mom says to move quickly
we don't know how long this nail
appointments going to be what you're
here I go to three on like three times
three MB reason our well we're going to
need a lot of time we have a tarp and
plastic going on the bottom of his floor
so it won't seep in hopefully he won't
hate me too much oh we can open the
garage door now he's gone hold that in
the back of my truck and then my whole
trunk and so much oh my god yes it's
great in Syria yeah this is my mom's
temporary new truck by the way yeah so
how did you dad
yeah it's basically the same as my dad's
but they gave her a temporary vehicle as
hers getting worked on even though she's
not going to keep her old one hello hi
ring was clean it's never clean why is
there elastic I don't know guys this is
Debbie tonight everybody's already seen
Debbie before we got to pick up his
floor a little bit should we put the
foam on the floor or not that's fine
it'll make it look higher Tristan's room
is a little bit bigger than the Taylors
we're going to put foam on the bottom
again we do not have that much time
though so we're going to try to hurry go
ahead let's do it you throw it to me and
then I'll just toss it over here we'll
put it in the room
Wow we're going to end up using like all
of the blocks
- oh it is so hot we're stealing a fan
round that one's broken
hi you check out what's in our phone pit
we have a corridor we have Santa Clauses
beard
we have skid old and there's also a
couple of these coming in hot
this looks beautiful certain we're even
covering your bed so you can't stay mad
at me it's almost worth going into this
should be easier clean up though you
guys okay thanks rip foam pit after this
you get all the cereal goodies snap into
it if this runs our contract wants to
order on your phone page will get better
colors because yellow blue gettin old
here's this room to normal in every week
too bad follow my gosh guys it is so
tiring we're working on the second layer
on just the front part of his room
cereals coming in we have so much cereal
guys this is basically the entire foam
pit at this point so we're gonna have to
tell Tristan if you seize it oh we're
building a fort in the backyard and
hopefully doesn't your look or we move
the foam into the basement because the
trampoline back in the living room
that's a good yeah get under there this
is the work bed ever we'll stick his
chair right there
we're two hours into this excursion
let's get to dumping some cereal askew
hope you didn't get that on one what
ready right here yeah
oh gosh what a mess and I forget the
dust is coming with it oh no I forgot
about the dust at the bottom happen
these are knockoff routledge
that's why we're done from now we're
going to need a new potion definitely
I'm not going to jump into this itching
macaroon my saw
dude it smell so good I'm so glad is a
new jodhpur that'd be a prank are so Oh
dog food you're thinking about that I
was enjoying a little bag of cereal oh
these are the cinnamon Jack Benny
Applejack Apple package with absolutely
yeah see that dust is going to be all
over these ripped foam pit there's too
many oh my gosh look at that okay start
throwing them anywhere you keep missing
okay onto the bed this whole corner is
cocoa pebbles oh god I dropped it on
record
yes a reckoning chocolate corner sitting
really high guys look at his room right
now it's a fruity corner then the mixer
my nose is confused it is just when you
saw it
there's a whole evidence trashcan after
this like oh really
okay last bag of chocolate ooh left back
in gym oh I know the toaster do you want
there's one more bag this is the last
bag ah there we go
last one
all the film is covered over here it
literally is like a pool of cereal the
crumbs are in my clothes and I don't I
cannot stand it with the roll in it so
we don't mess it up
we're just move in and out I'm on my way
oh god it hurts it hurts oh dude the
pump is ruined Oh God oh oh you let it
on the charity that's actually hard are
you okay are you alright do you like
guys oh my ribs and sweetums go
downstairs and wait I bet my dogs are
smelling something they want to get to
it I'm weak and I have to dust it all
thank you you're the best you're the
best guys we have like 30 minutes to
spare was gonna chill here wait for my
mom my brother she can text me like 10
minutes before they get here we'll head
upstairs and yeah finally done so much
time oh my gosh oh my pocket oh my gosh
look at all these boxes does the why
even work in here this is what his room
looks like guys Jesus smells there is so
much trash over there I'll show you guys
my mom said five minutes till he gets
here we're just going to wait here's the
cereal we kept ourselves going to wait
until he comes out I'm going to be
waiting in his room working a bamboo
resort are gonna act like we're watching
Ellen it's a commercial right now there
she is
and even here we're waiting from the
Selma challenge
so your view lighting here just to show
me where your lighting would be gonna be
in my room I hope we have to start in
there because we're not going to take
the frickin step out of Aaron's life
overnight
no no because what you want to do it in
my room you have the whole center
section of your room you could do it but
I can have moved my family where all
they make of it I'm going to look for
some other place to put your makeup she
wants to get like lighting for actual
life like maybe I feel your light show
me where you put end up being backward
where end up beanbag room you know I
mean like one just pissed me off use not
going in my room
it does not fit I'm telling you this
right now I have watched numerous videos
on Lady
I was still looking there and see I
don't think it would hurt to just
freakin Illinois go through the lighting
again
don't worry we protected thing I'm
leaving you didn't even get to see all
of the oh look at all of it I don't yeah
it now comes like come on I'm not
getting in this life for this cereal is
psychopath are you sure those licenses
bro he gets so feet and it hurt oh well
like concrete yeah
freaking out I'm sorry like allies get
even better for you know I'm not going
to freaking I'm gonna try and punch me
Oh get out holy hell we'll call that
your he's really mad don't jump in it it
hurts
yeah I'm not going to I'm also not
playing on getting my black clothes
covered in a great battle
so there's chocolate on one side of your
bed and then there's fruity on the other
side I'm not gonna be able to get my
clothes now so that's true time you'll
be stuck with this outfit for today it's
a whole wardrobe right there that you
haven't fit away there's also something
we haven't told you guys we still have a
full crate full so we're going to donate
those yeah we've wasted a lot of food so
we're going to donate those we'll just
go yep I alter cereal mine yes a lot
come on just to clarify you can hang out
in my room almost any time as you'd like
hardly do you crap but yeah guys we are
going to go ahead and in this video here
I hope you guys enjoyed it yes I just
changed her the game because my other
one got a bunch of cereal in it but yeah
thank you guys so much watching this
video and don't really like injured
French you enjoyed subscribe to new and
I'll see ya the next one and as you guys
are wondering it is now 8:20 it's like
four hours later he's still in my room
playing xbox
my thought you came and looking like
that they're just maybe
