guys I brushed her fur for the first
time in a long time yesterday and she is
super super soft and I swear she's the
most attractive dog in the world
I like cut her hair Oh within the span I
also vacuum so it's mixed with vacuum
hair but yeah her hair is super soft I
wish I could take you with us today
roses gonna be fun
right we're going to do a little thank
God be ready what is going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day I just said
Bay three times today my mom and I who
is not here she's about to come I
thought we were about to go to a car
dealership and we're going to be picking
up a very fast car that looks really
really cool it is called a Corvette and
it is also my friend Quentin's favorite
car he never shuts up about him he's
like y'all gotta do this and that easily
I love this color he always tells me how
much he wants one how badly he wants one
so today we're gonna go get one and
bring it to him I'm not that good of a
friend no he's not going to be keeping
this car but since we have to hook up he
can drive it for the rest of day and of
course I'm gonna drive it to him I've
never driven one so I don't really know
how fast they are all I know is that I
still do not have my audio right back so
I just want to get in a fast car are you
alright yeah how's your car look at this
look at this floor yeah I now especially
since I'm loosing it
you know chick-fil-a isn't open on
Sundays I just drove 30 minutes to one
yeah it took me to one that was open at
a college campus
Debbie su and then I couldn't get inside
so I went to McDonald I'm already seeing
some cool ones look at that look at that
orange one up there that's pretty sick
then there's a red one that's cool oh
it's it hello very nice connection right
so the zo6 is quoting favorite kind
obviously but there's a lot of cars and
the way of getting this one out so we're
getting basically the same kind this
one's a little bit faster but they're
still fast oh this is the one everybody
2017 Grand Sport it's grey with the six
stripes dude looks so cool we're getting
the keys right now I'm so excited guys
check it out
look at that exhaust looks like a
marching band back here does look like a
little trumpet big deal
he doesn't have arrived
not very good stuff uh you know what let
me fight Orton can't drive a manual
anyway so looks like this is not the one
shaft to Eddie's Chevrolet and Cadillac
I don't think any other dealership would
let me know today because it's Sunday
everybody please I'll go pick out a
Corvette you go truck shop a little bit
yeah that one look at the same
performance okay yep looks good to me
thank you and you guys are going to
scare me when you're driving myself or
you know
imagine if corn actually gets one of
these then we can raise to be so much
fun drum bro I was expecting more from
that exhaust yeah sure it's funny room
man I'm slowly learning play I'm fine
thank you street driver and nut the keys
oh I'll trade you okay thank you so my
mom's come with me we are going to go
find Quinn right now actually let me
call him oh hey we're yeah I know brands
on I want to stop by for my blog real
quick and give you something okay okay
what can you text me your address no can
you text me the address oh yeah sure my
location I hope this sentence okay all
these my house like right now time to
actually test this thing out this thing
feels so much longer than my car it
probably is has the heads-up display
just like yours like here I'll show them
whenever you're sitting in the driver's
seat you can see those little numbers
like you can see how fast you're going
everything like that that tiny little
thing that called heads-up display see I
know about cars it's all up comes off
too it's got the diamond stitching roof
yep top comes off okay well Tanner's
freaking me out
have my own little crib yeah you're
freezing you have it so cold so I'm
making my sidewalk
this is the coolest thing ever I'm going
to give it a little broom broom because
I've never done it in one of these going
to school
uncannily we found out this car has 13
miles on it and I was probably half of
them on the way here and like every cool
car I've ever driven
I don't see an ox court um I think that
is one in the console maybe it's right
here yeah we made it alright looks I'm
buying more it turns out it is a dirt
road to Quentin's girlfriend's house so
we're telling him that I'm in my mom's
car and she doesn't want me to drive it
down a dirt road which is actually
realistic you know I understood it is
down the gravel road not happen so 3330
perform so now he's going to meet us at
this one place that's just you know I'm
in it away all right guys we are here
this is where we were meeting Quentin
and look it's a car dealership so we're
just going to act like this belongs here
and then we're hey get in
so it's gonna be funny he's on his way
now here he comes that's Quentin right
there
oh he knows as I'm smiling
I got him right here why you can't keep
it your joke is just for today so don't
you mean it's just for day we have it we
can mess around in it we can't mess
around it miles why do I care so mm we
can go driving it my connection to
letter Private Stock screwed up it's my
insurance no I need to record this go
get your camera so what's up guys
planner is the best boyfriend ever
boyfriend
that's boyfriend effort you know how
much I love Corvette yeah so he bought
me one I won that challenge yesterday he
did a best friend vs. girlfriend who
knows me better and I won so you're
you're winning all kinds of oppression
aren't ya
where's the loot kid put on the brake
just like that heads-up display on it
you can like look straight out and see
everything yeah BYE MOM
the visibility isn't as good as my Jeep
haha you're going to own this car
someday dude there's guys unless thing I
said I wanted it's corny today just sold
it shy role within us and say never mind
okay here we go oh
yeah buddy oh my god it feels so nice
this is what happens when you watch a
ton of YouTube videos and then you
finally get to drive it kneeling and
that was me with the RA I watched like
hours of YouTube pursued I've watched so
many videos over this because I'm like
oh I want to test drive if I don't go
all the way there and they're not like
it oh dude do I get to the front of it
so long look it which I don't know I
need to buy a g6 it is like to $40,000
see everybody who drive it you know this
or this one for $80,000 dude it just
take off your foot off the gas it just
kind of Sachs I had to leave Brianna's
house because I thought it'd give me
some for sale to be funny and then once
I saw this as I think I've given you an
ice-cream cone
at first I was like to keep by that and
I was like maybe someday
yeah sure next time next time I bring
you one is we
yeah I've got through my life dude this
thing's locked in Maya Oh shove your
life hello there are you home yes I know
hey come outside Quentin and I are in
his new car I'm going I'm walking right
now okay come on good but I'm on my
doing I bought a new car come I'm a guy
one of the laptop stops connect odd guy
Dylan
he shares his life stir him
yeah smells the sticker on it and
everything good you did not buy this
coke you like it it's best I love it
okay you can't drive in it oh it's not
mine I know excited for you to put yours
come back to your live stream hurry ah
do you guys want to hang out after I do
my life
sure sure okay good night love you can I
love you old enough to go in town now oh
there she is
oh she's took her head back in she's
probably gonna tell your dad or
something
Oh everyone's coming out no I told you
about me in your core yeah I bought a
new car she'll always been tell you how
I want a new Ford that he did not yeah
like it oh you got a thumbs up from
grandpa who's the damn dummy just go buy
this never bought it for me oh I did
you're not that go you made me a
sandwich once oh it's only sad actually
buy this car did I know what does this
thing cost eight thousand this one was
you're gonna get yourself
yeah but warden buffer stop all right
you know you guys look good Thank You
tanner thank you for the opportunity a
reality it'll be reality right back to
the dealership see you later yeah
yeah okay there you go
we got it warmed up now smells like
fireworks goodbye there yeah film thank
you for me okay yeah sure it was on
we're driving home and I just realized
something guys
Quentin got to drive his dream car
before me I have still never driven a
Lamborghini Aventador in my entire life
I've sat in one and started one up and
talked the horn but I've never driven
one hopefully I can within one of the
next time as we go to Los Angeles
because they're not around here that's
pretty sick though can't just start that
pretty sure that thing in our backyard
is still standing up though thank you
for the beautiful home-cooked meal mom
you're the best come on girls you're not
eating human food today
I got you food that is that what happens
when it rains in it you come here first
yeah Luna that's why you're going to be
bigger than Rose because you're going to
eat that food oh that's earth and I'm
getting in the video I have on round
yeah there's a little yin-yang clowns
pre stick stopping if you're jumping to
my pool on that new things will you jump
too please
you should do it yes yeah it's still
standing up that means it is safe
forever you better stay up whenever we
get that third story that's all over
that be bad you havin fun up there yeah
well you're gonna have fun for 15
minutes while this gets the water off if
you think she's funny
you can't even rock those alright your
butt looks a little bit better in there
that's it though I look better I'm sorry
mom says it's going to be an hour I am
NOT waiting an hour let's do this
there we go we'll speed this up we used
to do this like seventh grade no we
didn't run away we'd be like ah do not
get my trampoline what yay-hey this will
speed things up you threw back in the
back on the slide that goes in the back
oh wow
which one of yous jumping first I want
to get you go use the steps oh my gosh
you're risky go go go ha ha yeah
I literally thought you were me for a
second because of those shorts your way
your way yeah hey lame sign it off Dylan
dude last trick no I have the coolest
thing ever
whoo hi guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here I hope you guys enjoyed
it we ain't got pranked
haha oh my god what are you doing just
quit yeah I think yeah someone's
watching this video and if you leave
like insured friends to enjoyed
subscribe to do and I'll see you guys
Iceland in the
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe
