what is going on guys today we're back
and today hope you guys are all having a
great day um here was my morning so far
I feel like ass I'm feeling a tiny bit
better and I still kind of feel like ass
but upstairs is a very very special
person you guys may know that I have
these wooden plaques right one of my
room one in the Attic this kid makes
these supercool wood carvings and they
have cars that it has my name in it so
an appeal box opening I said this you
have single-handedly changed my life for
the better every day I wake up and do
what I love doing all because of you man
I still can't wait to see you one day
until then keep doing what you're doing
sincerely dylan taylor here's my channel
wolf Ricky yeah I'm going to have him
come over to my freaking house Dylan
we're hanging out and now he's he's
upstairs at my house so
ah Dylan how's it going good my man yo
nice to meet you sir I was saying how
great a parent he is for driving him
that is a mission do you know all about
that yeah and he hasn't even out showers
know I've been hugging my toilet all
morning hi Dottie I know thank you very
much
you should have seen the rest of it
yesterday we'll give them a house tour
they're staying in a hotel so I'll sleep
alone with Clinton whatever and my
stomach still hurts
I might go puke a few more times we'll
see hey mom where are you guess what
you're clean well yeah I just take a
shower remember how he gave me my what
is it fish oil pills today well you can
have it back oh my god it came out full
like you I just threw up again in the
shower and a lot this time so much
cheeseburger came out too like you
literally could have cooked it again
like really you should film the house
they it's so clean well the balconies
back on dare me to push it don't guys we
had to refix up our house a tiny little
bit because an appraiser is coming today
to make sure the value of the house is
still way up there the fan but yeah I
literally threw up this pill and caught
it you can see it falling apart a little
bit mm-hmm so now we know how long it
takes for the fish oil thing to break
down yeah hey sorry about all the
vomiting but now we can just chill and
do whatever a young vlogger in the works
even though he's older than me about a
year bro smell my hands please tell me
why they smell like what what I smell
like fish yes yeah the fish oil exploded
on my hand okay you crazy kids enjoy
each other I mean I go throw up more you
see when your hands already smell like
fish from fish oil from the first time
you puke this morning all you gotta do
is sniff them a little bit and then you
can throw up again
by the way Dylan's really cool we just
had a conversation downstairs between
all this going on I know he's been
watching my videos for a super long time
so I wanted this to be a happy exciting
boom-boom-boom experience that I'm
throwing up in the toilet YouTube you
can't be monetize this video I did not
show the vomit that was an ab workout
thermometer time hi mama tur I don't
know is it working no we're gonna go get
into it
well rats can we please have some good
news today oh my god there it is the fan
our wall is growing and growing every
single day that one's new that one's new
I'm probably gonna puke like two more
times not film them oh to see you guys a
little bit hey Jennifer what is my hand
smell like Luna scootch so guys if you
did not know this is Dylan Taylor the
maker of the plaques in my room ones in
the attic still it's fine Kate's not
frozen he also has his own YouTube
channel how many sub twelve thousand
right now yeah so Dylan lives in Canada
and he has brought some stuff over of
what he used to make the wood plaques
and I'm very curious to see sure so you
plug this into the wall uh-huh and then
with this cord you plug this in okay it
gets super hot and then you use it like
a pen to burn the wood wait do you draw
it yeah like I drew like this oh god
dude I thought you just used like a
machine or something new hey respect
points just went up 69 just saying also
he's 18 years old I don't know what he's
into are you into trampolines are you
into riding our age what do you guys do
all right definitely in our area
supercars are down so I changed my shoes
I changed my Gucci's I changed my shirt
guys I'm trying to evade this sickness
and just become a new man we're gonna
take my alright we're gonna go to my
grandma grandpa's he's gonna bring his
tool kit for the wood and he's gonna be
vlogging it you guys wanna check it out
it'll be on his channel I still feel
like absolute aid so we'll see if I can
make it to my grandma grandpa's without
throwing up hold on let me see if I can
work my own
are here yeah yeah break the guitar if
you need to there you go alright leave
the door open
well flog each other's reactions sound
cold start here we go still drive after
we did this with it there's dirt in the
air intake person to compliment the
sound really yeah it's basically just
this song Thank You blackberry cos the
bass is amazing
that's for everyone here is way prettier
in person
it's 100% 150 69% swisher my Crocs was a
horrible idea because there's no
insulation in these and it's gold
ah and that's how you YouTube ah 16
percent battery on this camera we got to
get my grandpa out to a shot and we're
gonna try to make something with his
skills with wood haha not cannot connect
hello grandma Dylan I figured you've met
a lot of Dylan's by now
how are you I'm sick threw up twice this
morning once in the shower don't hug me
oh you are yeah it's like I smell my
hair what the hell smells like dead fish
yeah a long story I've talked about it
two months basically I was in my shower
taking a shower and I threw up and I
throw up my fish oil pills I picked it
up sometime on for the vlog and then my
hands felt like yeah I put a hand in my
hair my hair smells like that fan and
now you're gonna smell like that fish
Tracy do you like fish huh yeah she does
please plug in the country boy diesel
heater I mean we're freezing out here my
camera is about to die
this smells poisonous but it feels so
good let's get to designing something at
what do you wanna do it on a piece of
wood I don't know this was performed in
front of a live studio audience this
wood has no tricks it's about to be a
glorious piece of art whoa we're gonna
do that yeah let's go
I mean you don't have to look at these
pictures right here huh huh and then you
get this stuff so it's transfer paper so
you do this ah transport are you excited
grandpa oh I'm excited
every day's a good day when you paint
bring a lot of good thoughts to you
I believe every day's a good therapy I
believe
good thoughts
Claire the girls are happy them trees
there no limits here start out by
believing here okay Dylan honest honest
how was your day it was absolutely
amazing
yes I didn't tell him to say this for
the record guys we just went shredding
around town you know brought some tires
went to the mall got my mom's mom ring
which I'm about surprised her whist that
she was supposed to get for Christmas
but just now came in hey hey guess what
I got a surprise for you contacts
outside that is so cool look what we
made
and guess what we're gonna do with it
we're gonna give it away to the Tang
Clan duh oh by the way here's this I
thought you forgot no there we go
drumroll thank you thank you
wait let it focus let it focus so I know
there so check that out though my
brother's birthstone is the emerald in
their minds the ruby and then Taylor's
is the yellow one whatever that is and
it's the right size good job thank you
oh my god Luna just loved it on this
it's there for two seconds if you guys
want this signed and custom rosewood
plaque made by Dylan eyes all you have
to do is leave a comment on this video
stating why you want it it's that easy
oh and we're sending this handsome young
man home with some of the wrap from the
car so guys there's the sick vlog
literally I get a quit smelling like
fish I'm about to go take another shower
and I'm gonna chill the rest of night
guys I hope you all had a great day I
freakin love you Tang Clan - guys I'm
gonna watch this video and everybody
like show through and if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys next one I think that was the best
outro I've ever done
give it a little push many loved and
they cannabis well they get a little
touchy give it a little push fish I play
there's arrested Barry Joe
you just maybe
