there you are mr. Fung I don't want to
keep it so we have to come back this is
it boys
you know looks really sad me too this
man in this room Oh our poor camera hug
when you can't push you on drown someone
do you can do it let's make it happen
just make okay all it works anyone my
drive home and go back to the alright
much love see ya gay men is the center
wall growing its growing sign language
has it forever
yeah true you ready to fill the whole
thing it'll be all colorful beautiful
just like this one hey want to coffined
films up real quick it's raining
yeah just like under MGB do you want to
you yeah cousin Lily to the rescue it's
super rainy depressing it's also 5:30 in
the afternoon
I've done nothing all day long I got to
get my morning exercise in funny up this
is the scariest part by the way because
it's all slippery and it also wobbles
yeah
today I'm going to go shopping with my
cousin and Wednesday to Andy's
girlfriend there's this rainy there's
nothing to do outside mom I've come to
the hardest decision of my life joy I
wear the matching gives lanyard or the
amazing key be signature lanyard I'm
asking one today I'm so sick of taking
off my keys but just for today just
realized I never said what did you own I
guys today we were back and today I
already told you what we were doing but
I just wanted to say today twice again
are you guys ready to go we're ready to
rumble dude yeah got our dibs clothing
yes we do I gave want to know cuter
jutsu can you
yeah you want one sure and I'm an excuse
to wear jeans today because this shirt
looks really good Center chameleon roal
no yeah now tailors come on I might use
you for the thumbnail since you're
coming now what are we doing
you're going on a shopping spree will
complete outfit by the way we didn't
like whoa that's so sick
I gotta have to complete mine any any of
them in your tea burger calm this is
their favorite thing you ready
oh come get it don't get it come get it
Rose this is like Christmas for them
what oh then thank you mama just can't
get so rare hi reading in the dinner
table I'm watching a video it's called
what happens when you drink bleach okay
I was earlier today I decided I figured
out I haven't made any bleach jokes on
my channel long time because I'm scared
but I'm pretty sure we have things set
up now we're losing you too
yeah we have an insurance policy so
voice kid in your ear back drinks bleach
we're good guys I'm not gonna bring back
home a good kid
Rose look this roses but Rose look this
roses Rose rose look Rose look she
really hates me I did all this for her
let's hit the road I gosh it's coming
out hard hey funnie it's a red light get
back here look at my wipers bro that's
to do this you yeah should I cop
like the rumor has it my sister is
horrible shopping I know this sure it
doesn't you guys nothing because you
look at everything and even though it's
cool she'll be like I can't do that am I
going to help you or do you want to go I
want to go to the same place I shot it's
bound to be something cool vlog today
I'm her whatever she wants
and she never shops here so I'm taking
her I think a lot of people are scared
to come in here because it looks like a
skater shop and they don't be skater is
really thankful really is good yeah
exactly I have that exact shirt without
the flowers you could be as cruel of me
Wow I'm going to finish barbecue well
they don't give a heck here we hang it
up let's wash up here we're hot go
oh yeah like this Dylan me Tristan
everyone really old how's that look
that's pretty cool that's really cool
that's like your purple one that yours
where okay this one's kind of funny
majestic is getting much closer you
buying a lot of stuff I don't think
awful is here do what I do you walk in
don't try it on just like get it go home
and then if you don't like it like show
return it like another time or just
don't because I can drive right I'm
gonna ask you to thank these places you
say no because I'm busy bro I'm not
checking on you in a minute I'm gonna go
get me some stuff there's water on my
leg oh these people ripping off kids
like ads malli - actually that would
match my outfit they're there Rose looks
a little different though hey what 19
same rose you know I'm getting tired of
using a shoestring I might buy a fancy
belt all night get a fancy donut bill I
kind of like this night you want
actually I'm owned by this stuff my
style right here bro they have
everything in roses dude roses are so in
right now they'll copy my tattoo right
as I got it so there's a ladder like
right there but should we do it the fun
way what I can't reach that one right
there there's a lot of that one is the
cooler one Oh gene so let me bend bro
I'll take them all and then I'll see
here put it film the record yeah Thank
You Quentin his bed got one this video
is about Taylor but now it's about me
because she never shops like it'll be
about they learn all this oh I'm seeing
one thing at least yeah we got one thing
let's both get this we'll go down the
red carpet will be the red carpet - we
can match people to be romantic there's
only one small that means we're sharing
we're trade in oh no no no no no let's
get an extra large ringing both where
it's been 15 minutes why you stopped one
thing oh we're going to go to a new
store it's just kids birthday so happy
birthday was it is it actually today
no probably okay okay well I purely
birthday bro thanks hey come on
who's your sharpie yeah you're probably
nice to meet you guys Taylor you better
get some stuff you're gonna you're going
to make me look bad I'm sorry they're
going to come at packing me they like
my brother did that I'd be going every
sort of us target now we're talking
now at all I like that one whatever that
is dollars like one of the stock take of
the shirt and like it just has a rose on
the back oh not on the Friday me and
then I can pick up the back and it says
the road to hell is paved with good
intentions
yeah alright okay okay well yeah this
should be PewDiePie's girlfriend like no
surprise here this shopping trip has
gotten pretty boring us guys aren't just
not impressed off you coming to join
that I'm not girly not to join I
probably been like 1 hour and a half
we've been here you guys might be
thinking all yours doom is to make
yourself look better no we're doing this
cuz trailer smashing sucks and does
we're fixing we're trying to fix it I
mean Kim's tell by the pink on pink gums
blue Oh what kind of answering that oh
hey yeah I changed I got through doing
the run up the escalator challenge all
not you your face is already hurt bro
yeah you guys did not yeah no fat burn
burn as I was editing this I remembered
a time when I did public pranks pranks I
did backflips in public and it was in
the same mall in the same store so I
thought I'd throw in those clips so
enjoy through there really cringey
that's what all the cool girls wear
right here yeah and you can just start
yeah they do have it good basically
shimmerin bro I thought they didn't have
it
whoa do you like for hold on that one
was cool as well they're not that cheap
no wonder you don't want my phone I have
Q so I'm trying to help you out here
take out as many as you want
she's going with these three guys oh is
red one blue well red blue and shiny
thank you you're definitely getting this
for Tristan holy crap this is perfect he
loves the show it's still raining and
our dark
oh we're far away from the car show
Logan picked up some chick and are you
going back to my house when are you
going home we're gonna hear it's good
that don't oh yeah I've got we're doing
a who knows me better and I'm gonna win
between boyfriend and best friend
girlfriend great girlfriend hey we're
back oh crap we going that long but when
it involves shopping yeah well Taylor
shakes forever I got you something bro
dude yes I did just now oh my god I got
more excitement out of that hat I got
Tristan then all of all night from
Taylor oh are you kidding this is my
favorite hat oh I didn't even see that
that's sick what the bomber is now look
at that well guys here it is Kayla does
not take advantage of me at all one
t-shirt one long-sleeve and then I guess
the necklaces are a bonus but uh but you
forced me to get two of them yeah and
then there's three hoodies and then they
show your belly button right I don't
know okay good night good night thanks
appreciate I'll hug like we like each
other
lo hee what you doing bruh
coming in here and yeah we should play
find the white shoe in the white foam I
got myself some cool stuff - the jeans
they were just way too hot but I got
some shirts I got the red carpet I got a
shiny one I didn't get that much stuff
but I don't need to because this is
going to be sending me stuff and you
know oh yeah about one pair of shorts
owners oh I forgot about this too but
yeah guys that is a shopping trip I try
to make shopping entertaining that's
hard to do you didn't do it yeah say
guys almost lost in this video and don't
forgive me like insurance French be
enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll see
you guys next one good peace out which I
do have hats would be shop screaming
screaming you came in looking like that
you just maybe
