this is this thing on okay Oh
microphones on yeah I was on what did
you only guys today we're back and today
oh of course
yeah McDonald's didn't give him his
drink I literally yelled it into the
little microphone anyone see my truck
way over there can you see it there's
stuff in fact it's called gasoline I
just learned about it it's pretty sick
it's basically a portable clip I mean
not really but kind of basically where
this place right now
white white star again where you can
actually buy this stuff I never knew
about this we were going to build a
platform with wood and put it by my pool
that was going to take forever so as you
guys see by the thumbnail and title
today we have a metal scary ladder
looking cliff next to my school yeah I
haven't taken a shower we just kind of
woke up came here after I edit it for
like four hours go check out yesterday's
video I didn't see kin that scary
elevator if you do I will give you my
last nugget well there's two in there we
can share look I'm putting it over here
for you I won't lose it I promise
I think coins come over to help funk
bros are still here I'm gonna put
talking with my mouth full I'll see you
at home I tell her to watch tell my
mom's taking my check oh boy mom's
give me to get out yeah
need a ride Dollface yeah she's like
that you love this get home for real
this time
by the way that nugget it's always
something cute huh Oh something cute
yeah yeah no no more time I think I can
still do that one thing I like yeah
question Donna you see you're just being
aggressive lover to me because you saw
me and Dillon whack each other on camera
about where's the door before how to pee
in it I do not I just had these big Oh
still got it no looker ready one in the
globe a he said you're done looking by
quick we need advice from your mom where
should it go
I'm that corner glad you got those
little pieces that are helped it adjust
and that'll add a foot you're in fitted
there maybe yeah sure if that's gonna
make it higher okay let's do it these
things are going to be the platform
that's pretty big we can actually make
two levels with this you guys will see
it's kinda hard to explain but these
things go over the metal and you can
basically make like one level and then
another so it's pretty tall I don't know
if we can make all three levels today do
you believe in us Cory dude I had no
idea you guys are doing this course I
believe in you guys this F is meant to
be built like within like within like 15
10 minutes ours it was like a wood
scaffolding yes
gavel T knows it was just made out of
wooden screwed we could have made it out
of wood a lot cheaper but then it would
have taken forever wait will you buy
this yeah we bought it years asking high
school B no one knows depends how high
we can get it goes like what 17 total
say that is like two of those at least
these things
two of these fell out of the back of our
truck two of these sets of two and we
needed six we
one two three four and that means that
we can't add the third level yet so
we're gonna have to do that later once
we get another set of those in that
sense you're driving him back not me
you can't drive yeah they fell out it
was my fault thankful your fault because
I told you we needed straps mom oh yeah
I never killed innocent going super slow
and had my hazards on it was never
dangerous but it's not good either so
this is only one of them guys we have
three of these we're only putting two on
today because like I said the park but
it's going to be real tall we're going
to test the first platform first before
we 22nd went on thank you for the shoes
mom yeah Thank You Saul people keeping
it on that looks it I'll just ride it
over it flies over yeah yeah John owns
the Kevin brashears on Instagram for the
idea he's one of my friends dad now we
have these little ladders we can just
climb up this is a hazard I'm doing step
on there no I don't I'm almost going to
try to avoid it you get hepatitis B you
laters it's already so high I cannot
wait there's 40 people up here and it's
fine it seems very unstable to hope okay
how was it yeah
I can see the whole needle and
your money
it's getting more festival perfect now
look as guardrail pull like yeah now
safer guys all this we could do world's
highest stripper dance look at walking
up stairs
as you're probably noticing these things
now in the way I mean we can still step
like that just gonna have to Ohio I mean
we can always just turn it I guess
maybe no coconut hey do you want me to
go first do you want to get from I don't
care how high this is like this is so
hot this is natural clip paper don't do
that ah ah dude there's no thermal we
need to put the thermal someone's going
to step in right you're going to go
straight to the bottom
it's only 13 feet but it's cute
for my ankle I thought he was gonna win
on the country roads you want to get up
there Citadel reaches 100,000 hi I will
go back to the store where we got these
even though it took forever and we will
get the rest of pieces we will put it to
three level that's a promise
you look like they're paid for underwear
I heard out know it's like okay it's a
construction joke
Brigadier egged irrigate irrigating who
okay step one two three last flips Lucas
all right it's all clean now let's get a
bowl I sit back down
I gotta show this yeah guys we are all
inside now we were just reviewing some
of Dylan Mitchellville videos quality
content I'll show you guys a little bit
on my god dude oh he says he's gonna go
to my house
then we give three minutes into this
video right here oh god he gets to my
house
hi guys so when I went back to tanners I
helped him with some video I helped him
I helped this video I filmed another one
with this day so I didn't have any time
so it's actually the next day right now
you had a three minute build-up to go
the next day it is so funny okay Dylan
I'm just giving you a shout out right
now no fair that's like my clothes yes
the next day I don't know when I
recorded the last dude okay my videos
were kind of bad never told this just
reminds me I need to make another
reacting the old videos soon if you guys
don't see that leave a like even though
I already told you leave like for all
that stuff outside to light yes just no
actually don't leave a revine a few to
old videos are the best because we can
make fun of ourselves
yeah and Dylan good Adam now he's fine
but you talk a little if you don't know
rest right you have to record it okay
here you rip it up on my good cuddle you
may kiss Luna mmm
human scene you like all day you can
even come swim with us today what's the
problem you guys signing off for the day
yeah we are
Tyrael and we're leaving tomorrow Oh No
yeah you got to come out I will I will
Roses signing off to everybody it's
night time hey Fred wait where's this
where's Owen CSI yeah disappeared
oh this case is literally out on the
trampoline by himself who does that well
you didn't even tell anybody you're
coming out here you just disappeared
alright you want to you want to find off
this vlog by doing a trick
I video myself doing double back and I
can do triple because I've been there
yeah you can do triple so easy it's got
a jump little higher holds not today
that's too dark double back double
cool.i little close is that it that's it
guys I cannot decide if I want to keep
using this camera or not let me know
because I ordered another lens for my
Canon a TD the camera I used to use but
this one's just wider it's more
colourful like look it looks cool it's
pretty dark outside right now but the
color is just so good like look at this
I don't know it sucks not being able to
see myself but I'm guessing I definitely
look at you guys a lot more like
straight in the eye let me know but
we're going to go ahead and in the city
here I hope you guys enjoyed it I wanted
to make something to jump off my yard
forever so we find them in it happen
yeah thank you so much for this video
and if you leave like interference you
enjoyed subscribing and I'll see you
guys next
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
