you know I was so scared that he was
going to break when I hit you on the
head with him we're just going on guys
today we're back and today is literally
11 o'clock get up so the reason I'm
sitting next to Dylan in my bed right
now is because I want to explain to you
guys something I've read a lot of
comments on yesterday's video and people
were saying yo guy yo guy a guy your guy
I am gay
well I'm not gay I don't know about you
but I'm not gay much sure I wax his but
they've been fake who knows it might
actually get waxed but now I don't have
a girlfriend to cover it up so just take
my word for it you're getting shut out
trans Gators we also fluffed the foam
pit oh yeah braces shin I know I'm not
gonna do that this is for someone else
to do Nami hey no oh later check this
out I'm like sitting like this cow watch
out well she's your first one what the
thing is wobbly
tam Bonner take it it's time do you
break his concentration
Oh most tyrants listen to our okay I'll
get right foot right so we got to go
take pictures for the mission and hop on
both feet you know or lean forward
the yellow bristled right I'm going to
lean forward why you have one foot on
and one foot off hey now leaning on the
wall I'm out of here
down--get down geography
why do you better jump all the people
hello everybody
ah oh yes I was my favorite Edmund Vogel
tie-dyed diamond yeah you gotta look at
that put this in your video cuz it'll be
a little way tomorrow everybody's dad
dad nobody okay there we go
do we get to match in the photo shoot
not kidding keep Bhangra calm cool that
alright guys we just got done with the
photo shoot I was going to do a really
awesome video today I'm still going to
do an awesome video but I'm going to
save that one for tomorrow it was just
going to take a little bit more time
than we thought so hopefully it's done
by tomorrow night we're going to be
going to play hide and seek in that
haunted abandoned grain elevator I did a
video on it before super super scary
like me and my cousin Owen just explored
it at the time we're gonna be playing
hide and taking it with the fun Bros
it's gonna be a lot of fun I'll see you
guys and we're heading out yep I'll do
we have our flashlight we're heading out
right now should be dark by the time we
get there so we'll see you guys whenever
we are there my money Spellman oh oh
yeah
are we rolling the roll non-attendance
done all right guys we have made it to
our destination here it is on the left
it is pitch-black outside oh we went to
a fair for a little bit before this so
we killed a lot of time check it out or
did you so scared get wide open yep it's
wide open there could be animals in it
you don't know we're definitely going to
inspect the building first we have one
big flashlight is it back there is it a
knife or anything actually I do have a
knife in there open it open it it's on
the right side oh yeah I'm holding this
what you're bigger than me that's
exactly what I'm talking about
okay you better protect and bro one of
them is going to film on their camera
iPhone flashlight and we'll use that big
flashlight what's that big one all there
is out there
that's right hopefully no cops or income
I mean the population of this town is
really small so I don't think it's a big
deal let's go out there's that big
building over there right
it's massive it's like four storeys look
at the sky
this looks so sick I'm leaving my keys
in my car hopefully they're here
whenever you get back you guys ready to
go inside and inspect it shall we show
you around there's also two little train
cargo things right there just it used to
be a grain elevator see they used to put
grain them stuff in here they shut it
down because there was a bunch of
accidents and stuff yeah there's pigeon
poop but you can tell people been in
here since because like some of the
stuff is smashed out you know like that
window check out that ladder right there
can you see it I remember there's a
ladder yeah up there see that up there
is how you get to the very top look how
many spiderwebs
it goes all the way up I know okay oh
why is that freshly wet right there so
sketch there's another ladder that leads
up where does that lead to watch your
step how tall it is to hold up because
all the way up we I'm not really like
where people die I know I don't even
know what that is
elevator shot oh it is broke that just
shows how old this stuff is oh god I
check stuff I just say stuff do you hear
that yeah sure no no no that's someone's
dog running around or something listen
oh is that what's inside
hold on let me get my camera up in there
yo my lord you okay everybody be quiet
listen you sure that unless you're out
of them there's something it sounds like
a bunch of snake we climbed up it laughs
I know you did it
yes we did hey when I went up there up
there it's going to be no floorboard
look I can coalmine no the ladders not
strong actually do this I could take
that off oh god do not keep it on what
it is that I'll hold on like this okay
okay but I don't know if I can leave you
guys for hiding key since we are too
scared to climb up the ladder right now
because it's kind of rickety um here's a
clip from when my cousin Ellen and I
climbed it yeah there's like no floor
board up there it's insane look this is
the roof cut we're at the roof look it's
a fall you would die there's metal beams
there's poop everywhere it's just really
dangerous like yeah I wouldn't mind
going up there but I could grab like one
if the almost the very top and fall all
the way down state yes alright so the
boundaries be you cannot go past those
crates
you cannot go past the train tracks on
the other side and you can't go yeah um
should we include the second building or
not yeah you can we should definitely go
the second building okay just poop
everywhere there's cockroaches look the
cockroaches bro see them look at oh just
so that no one hides in the car because
that's not very scary whoever is it
counts on the car
deal right in the driver's seat sound
good yeah but you also can't peek from
in there Silvia first okay I'm going to
be at first all right good luck don't
kill good night we're gonna try alright
lights going off because you can't see
you every day no peeking give us like
three minutes no flashlights until we
get it oh gosh I'm going to go into that
other building not the farthest but the
kind of compartment I'm walking around
the whole building
hopefully capron does not know I'm going
to go back into another entrance to the
first alone we're dropping out of the
building I'm going out back we can't go
past the train tracks which are right
there
or what was that guy that packed clearly
girl its way up there oh it's accidental
thing is making noise it's that 10 thing
that's moving look at it it keeps
swaying back and forth from the wind
okay I'm gonna go he's probably on ones
here
see you later wish you luck my
flashlight it all planned currently
running through the spot I read an ayah
Oh scary cuz I I don't know I'm talking
to oh my god everything's scaring me
right now
ah gimme yo do one of the ology stomachs
at the broken windows thank god there's
broken glass all in there I didn't even
know oh yeah yeah what's your I was
hiding I couldn't make a bunch of noise
and make it much like I was look come
over here I was hiding behind this I was
crouched down in that corner over there
oh you know economy yet no noise
committed oh my god that scared me so
much
I saw you looking at started backing up
is going to get old on the dog she was
in there yeah my god yo this is like we
got a lot of people just hit turn into
like a really savage gay well my god I'm
not coming here again
alright my turn to count boys and girls
three minutes on the clock and then I
get to go venture off by myself watch
them be in the whole different building
and then I'm actually exploring a
building by myself in the middle and I
and then I just get like killed and then
I'll never know and it's not my car they
need hurry up I think I'll hold you here
Tribune I can pull up on it and see if
he'll hold you look oh my gosh it's not
even touching it fucking uh oh my gosh
bro so alright good idea broke my
fucking lovely bike to go through here
always freaks me out this might not be
just want a spot but up close are savage
for a reason okay this is like subscribe
movie stuff I think I collapse at any
second alright guys it has been about
three minutes I just realized I left my
flashlight in my latest hiding spot so I
have to walk all the way back over there
ready or not here I come
after I find my flashlight that I left
in my last part
okay got it we're good to go now I feel
a little bit better
don't see anybody yet oh hi there by
myself
no one is that the latter smell is the
worst part so gross just about fell
that's frickin noise of that 10 thing oh
I just heard something
Cory really dude that sounds a good spot
okay back outside there's this thing
over here
my cousin Owen and I actually last time
we were here we push these blocks over
they used to be right there and we
pushed them out and then a snake came
out with them look there used to be
train tracks here and now it's just dirt
just Rock so holders so crazy no sign of
caper and dude there's water down there
what just nasty water check that out
alright class right there go along hey
that's just crazy you could get down in
there there's a whole nother building
right down in the DM this is wrong with
this oh really a grad or oh yeah watch
out hiding here in this corner
oh really yeah and I like I want like
this that's not down there did you skip
over to come to angle but a dinner is
come come here I'll standing right here
throw this would be a good spot right up
this tiny ladder up onto that ladder
class what is that's there if you moved
in these in one of these things
nope just an old chair can't find him
anywhere dude
oh yeah there's a cracker cookie being
there nope he's not not yourself dude if
he crawled through this I'd be so insane
oh here camera no way you got in there
no way dude you are insane I saw the
tripod I was like yep that doesn't look
like it's from 1800 when I was up there
I saw like a light shine through the
floorboard because it's so thin yeah
install this on floor board and it was
like a scary movie you guys would walk
and it was just like scary movie glass
person to count is Cory oh wait we're
doing another game yeah one more round
everybody has to count all right 1 2 3
minutes
okay ready or not here I come there it
goes going on ready or not here I come
everyone's been hiding in this building
from the search over here guys were
playing hide-and-seek right now I don't
have a vlog camera with me I'm obviously
making it a video but I'm literally not
chatting to keep myself calm just
remember to watch tomorrow's video and
pray for me right now because I'm going
to chilling this big empty room hold on
oh my god this scared me they aren't lit
when the lights off so skittish
oh my god I was literally playing
skateboard game to stay calm come here
look at this video I don't have some
followed camera because you're using
mine look at this right here so I get 14
torques of a bird that just scared me so
bad myself
I was freaked out I was leaning up
against this nasty wall full of spiders
just so maybe you wouldn't come do this
rooms just subscribe
have you found Capron nope okay here's
your camera back got a hammer
alright and it looks like safety this
was like a video game looks like walking
like this it's not a hammer yeah yeah oh
my god why would you lay down there cuz
I'm stopped oh wow this is so sketchy
key word so savage oh my god I'm getting
out of gonna suck my bug eye back to the
car yeah let's go
screw this alright guys we are heading
home right now I'm so grateful
Hey scariest hide-and-seek ever I agree
Canada here's a nice back oh thank you
we didn't have to use it thankfully oh
we have all their life alright who's
that person in front of us right there
but but yeah guys we will see you in
tomorrow's video I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
shout out funk Bros link in the
description thank you guys for joining
me in this way too scary venture that
you know thank you for having us yeah it
got your back it was something venturing
off by myself is pretty scary but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if
occasionally for watching don't really
like insurance friends you enjoyed
subscribe you know see you guys next one
and also comment down below what other
hide-and-seek you guys want to see I've
done them in my house in the house and
the dark outside with the drone now in
this so give me some creative ideas you
guys like it and yeah you do it ain't my
fault
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made
