guys I had no idea what I was going to
wear today hero clue when's my closet
and I looked around and I was just like
huh nothing looks good then I remembered
I got a package went upstairs it was
outside oh oh you guys are not ready we
have a ton of div clothing stuff is so
so sick so yeah I got a care package
from Zach you guys remember Zach there's
a picture of that he overnighted me a
ton of clothes because I sold them hey
my closet is hungry I need some clothes
and he's like guess what we just got all
the stuff done so yeah these are just
even more of the awesome clothes that
are coming on my lamb all out real quick
they're not released yet I know I'm
sorry my merch is released though tea
burger calm yeah this is not my Marcus
it's like a completely separate thing
all of this stuff was made in that
factory that you guys saw in that video
whenever we went to that guy's house
with the cliff in his backyard in that
video we only had one design out and it
was like only the back of this shirt
this is the front of that shirt I have
that one in my closet but I only had one
now I have a lot sadly this stuff is not
ready for back-to-school so I'm sorry
still in the making I know but my March
it's ready for school
hi tank top I think yes t-brain guard
com.com check it out that stuff so sick
though so sick I only know to wear today
it's pretty high I might go with this
does it look good oh wait I already knew
it oh yeah also I really really hate
this sony a7s mark 2 because they
randomly shut off my video yesterday and
you can't see the back of the screen it
has a really good picture like I'm
guessing it looks really cool you know I
can't even tell but yeah I order the
replacement lens for my Canon ATD
because even though I keep breaking
these lenses I like this camera a lot
more overall so I'm sorry Sony
even if I have to keep collecting these
lenses I think I'm going to use this
camera most the time so I hope you guys
are okay with that
all correction zach has said that we do
have a website where you can pre-order
stuff it is digital ink aam I didn't
know that right now I'm headed to the
airport to go get the funks bros in my
newly washed car check it out well I
tried to wash it still a little dirty
but for the most part it's pretty clean
and it has not been like this and
forever I don't even know how long
they're coming to stay for all I know is
that I'm going to pick them up right now
if you guys don't know who the Funk pros
are they do trampoline you know they're
do like similar stuff to me I met him
the first time I everyone's a Tanner
Fogg his house so a really long time ago
yeah right now I'm gonna go pick him up
they better hurry up or I'm gonna get
kicked out and I'm going to be sad I'll
just play my skateboarding iPhone game
as I wait check it out you can actually
like backflip on this game okay that was
a bad one
okay Brad Gor it's hot hurry up
well guys today we are back and today
hang out and stop guys they just pulled
up your scooter hahahaha Tanner Foxx
tell me that one thing goes that's just
nice how do you mind stuck in a
different stage she'll scratch until you
drown if you jump in by her and make a
bunch of noise we can fill it with
something as long as it won't like ruin
it that's my mom's rule he's gonna send
it thank you probably frame oh yeah okay
yeah it's gonna want to underwear okay
don't worry I am I not film I always put
my underwear you two better not like age
restrict me for being in my underwear
someday that's really that rope swing
that's so age I know my rope swing video
into that nasty Ponca age-restricted if
you didn't know that I put it on my
snapchat it sucks
sell that oh we can you can make this a
slippin Friday yeah well that's our
slip-n-slide right there bro ready I'm
ready sir
here yeah just for the vlog about to
ruin my night gotcha I'm going I was
like oh thank you take your sock that's
mine of yours
this is my sock didn't eat it already
Rudy profit without Warner half-wit do
not get on there all right I got it
hey was - yeah bro you sponsor my Calvin
Klein I am right there let me get like a
up angle of the ABS maybe I hear you bad
lighting ah it's gonna happen let's do
it do it again
there she goes she's true to her side
most boys come on you can do this okay
okay I don't want this tray for your
dispute because there's a tendency just
rock it back oh yeah that's gonna happen
like oh this hold it hey
you master I wish I had a big high die
we should build us oh my gosh that's
what we'll do well build a platform
because that's what I don't have Cory we
can build a platform Tanner's a replica
the way the platform we have in our
house wait am i selling I am filming so
we'll build a platform that'll be should
that be today's video we might run out
of time no wait I think it's a lot
something all work we'll hire someone
there you go you better come back we're
gonna guys we're going to look it up we
risk our lives right now for this vlog
where to go okay the bubble still there
I thought you're still there
we're about to swim from the stairs all
the way across like it's like 30 feet
under the cover all the way there and
back I mean you can't just come up and
get air so we're risking our lives right
now if there's gone wrong in the titled
and one of us died I'll be that person
you want me to I'll do my hog okay okay
no I'm dying I'm dying my dad took
swimming lessons once for like two weeks
knees like if you breathe out your nose
a little bit whenever you're like
halfway to your destination or while
you'd be like way better off I was like
okay and then I don't know if that works
but I tried it for I think it just trick
me into thinking I could we did it once
but we had to cover halfway across the
pool so this our first time doing it
like this are you scared a little bit
yeah you can't push off very much and
it's very port all right everybody me
and Capron we're going to do this you're
older you're lungs are bigger this is
not fair you're going to have to save me
I will hole a lot of coming just to save
you okay no we're going to do is little
Linda is going to shoot up its hazards
birthday three two one I really don't
like the sound of this this is all
around really really sketchy because
when they come up a like suctions all
the water like brings it up to where
you're going like even if you want air
you still can't get air
oh my god do like right here we're gonna
pump out
whoa whoa I guess so dark so dogs I was
like black under there also be anything
your face is like you're in the ocean
for a second like the bottom of the
empty I want to get a GoPro just to show
us carry that it on down so we go get to
go 400 GoPro view yeah I never use my
little kingdom here why on the cover was
nothing it was on tapered high watch the
croc I hit it with a crack okay I have
one bar battery on this GoPro you ready
all right are you ready see what's to
come a little bit right here get so dark
under there guys it's saying as you
about it he's got a film because his
arms are bigger and he had bigger ones
that's why and if I die he can say my
camera anyone I saw you excited oh hi
I'm like one more breath and I would
have passed out that's good real life
enjoy your carrot so I was like gulping
like trying to find a way to get some
kind of something in what Brady did you
see me get dr. Rubin I got stuck on the
top I had nothing to push off public and
I was like what am I sitting it for the
vlog leave a thumbs up for our oh my god
aprons getting his guitar hero practicin
change the pronoun here's a challenge
play that while spinning on this this is
on hard everybody this is medium broad
oh really
you're on green you guys says there's a
lack of spinning in there we haven't
been out of sampling did you guys want
to go out there and now okay your missus
knows now they still the airport thing
on the scooter dude I can learn scooter
tricks now this is like an official
scooter this is no Barbie Walmart
scooters and this is sick we all know
I'm not gonna learn any tricks but it'd
be fun to ride what the heck we have
mushrooms out here hey
okay scratch the wind do not eat that it
could be poisonous do not eat that right
all right yeah play with your pool
noodle go growl somewhere that's kind of
gross looking dude I've never liked
mushrooms they never stop fighting I
guess oh god Lunas got a pen she's got a
pen I don't know if they're fighting or
making out at this point this way you're
getting warmer I see you let's make a
trampoline edit just because you're here
because I hardly flip you're big so you
can bounce pretty high on this oh dang I
see who remembers this from the hard
drive if you flip I'm up with my camera
under you for this edit we're done
no no more hey there she is come on
Keith all right
oh no oh hey
okay I like that you girls ready go
inside go bad I'm tired too hi guys we
are going to go ahead and in this video
here I hope you guys enjoyed it we are
just going to relax the rest tonight I
hope you guys all had a great day
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and don't really like Android
friends to enjoyed subscribe for new and
also you has an excellent piece a my
phone you made it in time
Oh microphone my phone now thank you one
last thing before we end off this vlog I
think I think we all know it has to be
done here
aha there we go give me the towel right
now screw screw whatever we did in the
vlog this is the best thing we got haha
Oh perfect
oh yeah I hope it never fold
my thought you came in looking like that
you're just maybe
