so tell him what you're ready for what
am i ready for I don't know I didn't
tell you did I know you said is a secret
I check in that bag you're hilarious why
I also got ice cream body Washington I
was out in yeah what are you doing I
guys today we're back in today we're
just going to let translator that these
sake children are going to pull on each
other's hair because they were out of
ideas and I am pretty sure they are
attracted to each other so here today oh
yeah bold and brash but more like
belongs in the trash so basically today
I just did not want to do a vlog I
wanted to do a sit-down video so I
didn't come over I was like you come on
we're into a challenge sit-down video oh
you said sit up there's no challenge in
that
okay well yeah I didn't tell them about
getting our body hair polled I always
get comments about my armpits your
armpit hairs too long
that's a black it ain't that long okay
compare the modern use of this oh no
we're going to run out of armpit then
we're gonna have to wax like our
butthole gosh I could get a ring light
and I need some of the ring life hold on
stay there let me see how much look you
always forget something you are a
disgrace to your own YouTube channel I
shut up yeah for real
why is this he had one because he's a
human he's trans trans human that looks
like a Jew cap on this he's gay and he's
Jewish
happy Chanukah doing that I think where
I go on my ah get close to camera and
shown you can do the same eyes as I'm
here look uh nice try that was not even
close bro for real
shut up oh my god why why what name I
asked whether a yellow buddies look like
a protector a person and there's no
issues like this alright what so it's
just started give us a minute alright
guys we've come up with five questions
if we get through all five without
anybody getting wax if we get them all
right then we'll add another three but
for now we have five and then there's
one bonus question so twelve total all
right I still come up with my last ones
how many times that I may not wait
Weston is asleep so this way when I was
away I came jumping on the Latin rose
feel free to exit doesn't measure okay
yeah let's do one minute timer so you
can't sit there forever woman is too
long 30 seconds everyone that yeah the
time all right
time we're starting 30 seconds on the
clock what is the kind of dog that I
want Oh what the heck I literally said
it in like a video go to videos yeah
this is a German Shepherd yep
damn it yeah yeah Matthew I really
wanted to just rip your freaking four
armpit hairs off what years my car made
my car like like years Oh God is really
old not just like I'm gonna know this
you don't know this is easy is it before
after mm I'm not going to tell you that
it's close to my birth year close to the
year we were born 99 our thing is yes
fire sighs what about all right I almost
got my armpit going what year did I make
my youtube channel oh I know this um
seven pies no no no seven 7077
2011 oh she looks fine Adam in five
years old b√ºndchen 70 Jeb videos I feel
like I'm drinking my like seven years
old yeah but I took those on like a tiny
little like family photo camera that is
dodge my god oh god
all right oh yeah it was just like the
fifth birthday so yeah it was actually
August something like it's about it's
almost to the six-year mark this cannot
hurt about that bad are you kidding me
mama
I'll kiss it we have post waxing white
rip it off and get close to the camera
so they can see the hairs get yanked out
of your epidermis do they smell good
though raspberry or something please
work moles okay imagine the pain of mine
compared to yours use okay so do I just
take it off I don't know did you read
the instructions oh my god under arms
that's one of us today be sure to use
how their prior to waxing for underarms
not using the counter dude I enlisted
that uni left okay
various weddings I have to put my hand
right here and then yank it up I don't
know three two one Oh Joey six yeah no
we just keep going Oh what you having to
do it then come here when we going to
square get one of those frickin wipes
readied up up aroma ah ah you got the
bottom ones all right get that counts
back yeah that counts I heard that there
it is you bottom half of his armpit gone
dude breathe his nipple
what kind of dog did I used to have I
step two dogs I said the one I have now
Maddie and then that dog Abby I'll give
her a year her name names Abby had two
dogs very different from my dog gasps
Maddie okay what kind was she that's a
mess you got this
remember daddy I remember her name I
remember guys just a little dog she was
not a little dog she was a Boston
Terrier no dudes a black lab dude I had
a black lab I have one she's look in the
wood over all right I'm gonna go I'm
ready Oh God Oh realize that look i lo
he took after my dad there's a jungle
right there oh god it's all so bad you
so much Oh top or bottom you ever choose
okay top it is oh god it's on there I
feel it yeah this is what happens we
actually have hair it's gonna hurt bad
do you just tell me when you're doing
say can you please do it I don't want to
do it oh do we get more of those was it
good ha ha ha
oh my gosh all I have to be bleeding oh
let me see this right now oh it looks
bad Joe there still is Harry I'm so glad
I got a hook in the middle of clean oh
oh
what month did we get Luna you were
there when we got our year the one that
picked out Luna
out of those I did not oh yeah yeah is
there um it wasn't very coldly well
thank a preparing
know then I was seeing Mars I was large
born February we got her March fit
you're gonna have a picture the day
after you're still wrong yeah well leap
here so me I'm not I'm not doing like
that's out of the question no way you
are such a lucky girl
you know what shut up
more pretty no no no I'm pulling off the
show car you can't you or else I'll do
it no no no I lost so much hair people
are there I hate you he's a very very
how he's God to give us up 3 2 1
oh dude oh she's so smooth I love that
yeah but it looks like cleaners learned
that's a lot now we're actually even oh
my gosh there's not a hair their breasts
don't ask me right yeah oh this one's
easy because you know okay I know you
know something
what did I my first kiss at my pool yep
yeah I dared him do it he welcomed best
one that was me and him that wouldn't
been a dare I would have just done it I
did he kiss me right now
and this is disgusting shut up no
seriously shut with I'll kiss him right
now oh don't fall asleep tonight okay
let me ask you a question
please only get a hard one I mean on
what's the game I always play on the
airplane oh oh do I just did the exact
no no I know what it is it's that
skateboarding yeah yeah yeah
skateboarding game you want to say the
name cuz it's for skaters yeah the truth
gay oh I got interviewed on the plane
one night one time in here any new I've
got a fine ass quitting that he'd be
like how many total siblings do I have
like ever like I ever air like all of
them but on my count okay can we can
OPEC eat anything now yeah okay good
okay does it count your family or just
your I like your blood family just
anybody like step anybody like that
11 nope there's ten friends
that was a good get others to have
brothers and three our sisters you watch
and therefore let me do some nipple you
can do nipple and chesh like like that
how about that what happened on my
nipple like just right there I'll help
you gonna be okay
yo I'm going to get my nip with it okay
giggling I do I saw God do one are you
gonna do your nipple may turn out like
that
there's another nipple hair dude perfect
okay um all right here's your last
question you remember that shirt that I
got in LA that you hated yes I'm black
one okay yeah what does it say on it
City of Angels got it I thought you just
hate this like the length of it Perry
you hate the whole shirt cool no I like
City of Angels fires don't like the
length of it now we're going into sudden
sudden death
oh we're tight we got to make a new
question yeah it's gonna be really hard
I already have mine all right I kept
yours report this is for the booty like
not the treasure and pirate terms like
the booty like our but like if you get
it wrong you're getting let me go wash
my your back here you asked me first
what's my favorite TV show beside like
no childhood show just my favorite TV
show right now yeah right now right now
my favorite TV show not like a double
time right now yeah I talked to you
about it before something like I've
talked about booger I love it one of my
video quit recording this new camera
basically we had a bonus round and we
had to ask each other question and this
is for waxing the but he asked me a
question what's my favorite TV show and
I said criminal mind and I even said his
favorite character it's freakin Spencer
are you know I love you I listen to you
and then he didn't even know this like
he didn't even know trans Gator was a
girl he was haunted walk down maybe the
whole time the girl had a gorilla voice
I didn't I mean this videos not up yet
but yeah so I'm thinking like full-on
spread I put like two connecting what's
in my taint all the way to my balls use
it
sailor Tristan you have to leave because
is this will actually give me a and Q
the censor bar this isn't gay we have
shower together in gym class
she just bitter what's that do right
there anything ever done though they
just please hurry up
yeah I knew it generator was a girl I
knew that for a boy oh this is the
non-sticky side right like that oh okay
okay
Oh God could you quit messing around me
give one Oh
haha boy your print oh here's your pet
jelly see that watch but there is Luna
has been watching to the window do ya
bro yeah my arm page so much respect for
the freaking challenge people out there
yeah yeah he has so much watching this
video and don't forget like and trade
friends for you enjoyed subscribe for
new and I'll see you as a next one peace
out it was my fault eating
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe just fun
