hello hey mom yeah I want my car well
then we need to get to California to get
some stuff done I'm just driving my
roads I love driving on and I realize
like I'm in the car that I don't love
the money I know but it's the hell
aren't fun for us dance son pros are
coming Wednesday Saturday and may I at
least want to do a full week of physical
therapy and hope I'm better today is
first day my back hasn't gone out since
last Wednesday and they did all kinds of
therapy on explain and they get an MRI
so I'll know more tomorrow at 3 p.m. I
smoked okay well we're going to go at
the noodles and company is following you
out okay love you guys love you bye yeah
The Funk Brothers are coming over
Wednesday I think that's not 100% but
yeah my mom has been having terrible
back pain like something a disc is been
flipping out of place and hopefully that
gets fixed before Hawaii August 12th
because we can't have a hurt mom in
Hawaii that's just not gonna fly so my
mom's been having to take it easy for a
while now I need my Audi all right back
I cannot wait for it to be done I just
want to back home all colorful beautiful
loud and everything and then I can just
throw it in the neutral and go for now I
guess I'll just keep driving this it's
comfy it's not that bad I just want to
go fast you know when you go from going
fast to normal speed it sucks so sad
yeah I'll see you at the hump what's up
no come on come on in come on in join in
oh she took one of the things with it
I know Thanks all over the garage haha
well help me decorate my room for this
video he trapped me I can't be yeah I
told you to come down to my room guys
today you can help too no videos for my
channel but sure we're going to do I
can't like give it away we've got to do
it you know I'm just going to show them
the first thing you ever seen this on TV
what Destin yeah what do you know what
it's called
squidward made it it's called bold and
brash okay it's Squidward painting
himself and I ordered it off of Amazon
it was like $30 best purchase ever made
it literally
it goes with my wall it's so perfect
belong in the trash how about this one I
call it bold and bright who like belongs
in the trash
ah sorry I must have missed that one and
I also was reading my comments and
finally there's a face in my wall right
here that's your old tripping balls
right now there's the mouth and the nose
and pretty sure whoever made this like
did it on purpose so that's cool are you
ready no we're gonna have to clean my
room first yeah you are just for today
just for today and also shout out to my
grandpa - he got me this weird name I
know I've already said it a bunch he got
me this like Indian blanket his whole
house like filled with like Western a
lot of Native Americans yes one time I
was at a garage sale and I found these
shoes that were made out of wood so I
got him for him because all moccasins
but they were wooden I don't know they
were like clogging shoes so I got him
those because I realized hey this would
go great with this house and he got me
this for my birthday and it's actually
really comfy and smells good you got my
dog all over you look at that literally
yeah I have a dog that's I don't wear
black anymore very much I owe you can to
join what we're decorating my room we're
redoing it now you come back Taylor
already fixed my shoes over there that's
really good yeah I'll probably end up
taking off the strap after your close-up
come on come on I gotta figure this
camera I never recorded on them before
Suzuki offices I didn't even this is so
confusing I hate it now I just said this
right here and look it basically covers
the nail or step down I got a guitar
hanging in my room
thank you tar my rooms in my car fixed
though everybody right there yeah way
I'll tell you have it centered a little
bit Celeste maybe like an inch and maybe
a little bit up how could anyone ever
say this belongs in the trash oh crap
where's he gonna stay oh no no way we
tried to make it thick we're gonna have
to find a better way to make it thick
this big package is going in my room as
well we had this ship from Los Angeles
it was a gift for my birthday from my
manager ready to get it shipped home
because we couldn't fit it obviously we
couldn't fit it on the plane and it just
now got here so I wanted to make this
video first good
okay so we have this mascot right from
that video we also have the alligator
looking one in the penis we're not using
the penis wait there was a seizure on
alligator you said alligator and mess me
up
here ever so I think we should decorate
this one and then we should decorate the
2x1 and whichever one I like most will
just go in my room and the other one I
mean you can put it in your room or we
just put it like downstairs by the pool
table or the trash no I really like this
one but the legs are so off so the
frickin never that one is locally do
that one lean look how big the left leg
is to bed it looks like we want to be
like oh are you putting a pain yeah what
does murder weapon found
do you all just felt a raindrop I keep
feeling drops we don't have enough green
for that thing dude yup it's raining now
we're running out of daylight we're
going to Walmart your ice water new
lanyards by the way check this out has
to click play mess of the shirt go get
both I gotta put these on the website
now that's my okay good good you ready
to get kicked out mom we're not getting
kicked out oh I got a camera backwards
do that we're going to prison actually
this one doesn't hit me I went into our
old Walmart the other day Quentin Dylan
and you know how they have those little
bells that you can rain to get people's
attention is like ringing it because no
buck I rang it because I was just being
dumb and then lady turns around I didn't
even know was there and she's like
that's not as funny as you think it is
I'm like a micro happy pill Jill thank
god you're here because I wouldn't be
able to buy this think about arming
green on the green that's not Alan dude
it's gonna be like a jerk okay we need a
t-rex screen let's get like a body color
one for Tristan right there okay we made
it out alive you're my new lucky charm
you're coming with me from now on
because I'm the responsible adult yeah
danger to you oh I don't know these are
available either but mine as well
complete the outfit Tanner brung our
collective a tides alligator
kales t-rex you ready yep head alligator
I thought it was more of a t-rex
whatever fine I can totally make a t-rex
I mean alligator dammit
hahaha are you doing the whole thing
thing no just this legs and arm your
head giving him clothes people are and
harder than me but you saw Leone in the
trash no no it's going up in somewhere
not my room rude hard work how do people
do graffiti like the legal and it's
tiring isn't it fair they have two
people versus one I'm not even an artist
are you recording me mom yes mom you
cannot disturb an artiste fabulous
nineties like a white air bed eyeball
red he's not a demon he's a nice guy
my gaiter and his person are they're
done they're dry and yeah my fee I
turned into a gator kind of a lot yeah
for the record I do Dom ask my mom to
clean my room okay
she's just being nice because I was
probably never going to do it yeah look
how Thursday oh it's bad but it ain't my
fault
like it actually is not my fault because
I did write your stuff notes here what
do I even do to get it dirty I do I
guess I do nothing that want I can only
show you guys this corner of my room
we're gonna do like a full room reveal
all once whenever it's completely done
but right now I'm gonna go get my
sisters reaction to whatever those
things are in the garage I got to show
you something in the garage you want to
come do you know what I do for you buy
you a house and you can't walk out to
the garage let's go and take your trash
with you you filthy animal no like I
won't there's nothing you can do give me
my kitchen toys actually if your merch
marks Lincoln mile in description t
Braunger calm he's got a brand new
tattoo to to to never talked about it
before you never have good time just for
fun
Taylor's number one for going downstairs
my name is Nick roasting no I can't rap
and yes I have retired walk forward keep
walking you later my head and
stop you ready so these are going inside
that one's not completely done yet but
let's give them an overview this is I
forgot the name Novi oh yeah another so
it's basically a person that some are
short on it's got a belly button out
crop top the emoji face and then peace
love and
that is they tried to make the shirt
after like forever 21 apparently yeah
because I just thought random words you
want to sponsor me I will delete this
video
drumroll please for my inhaler please
thank you thank you we call our friend
Gator because he's a gator but he's a
human like he's turned Gator that's his
human hands the teeth is tapered came
behind his lipstick and that's his
spinner hat we have to add a spinner Oh
we'll put a minute better on it Wow
perfect so he's pretty buried only the
Gator he doesn't need clothes but he
issues we have to finish the shoes
tomorrow yes we'll see you guys in the
morning whenever we have those in my
room everything's complete and we'll
give you you know finish up ice this
morning my feet are still green my Crocs
are now green oh it needs our Crocs but
how funny would that be like Crocs
alright guys here it is my brand new
room it's so pretty dirty by the way but
we got the alligator looking fly scares
away all the monsters we hung that
Guitar Hero guitar this was a gift from
my manager so that's pretty sick it
actually really matches the wallpaper I
put that above my my computer you know
my workstation so I can be inspired to
be an artist we paid up and poster up
because I always had one of my old house
and I just didn't have one in my room
and this one I needed some flavor you
know my kids are flavor yes or tis their
flavor actually that popsicle looks good
and I put it over here because I usually
film this way so it's not going to be in
the back of all my videos because I
don't know how YouTube can take that you
know they don't really allow that stuff
anymore is that it is that it we made
this whole video for that five thing but
yep so you just plug in some for
this oh wait they're so hard oh yeah
that one is saying right here so
whenever you're playing pool the winner
can go up like yeah I mean though no one
plays pool as you can see it's basically
shell but yeah guys um I said of this
video I was stuck behind a train this
morning so it's like literally eleven
o'clock I step load by three so I got to
get going thank you guys so much
watching this video and don't leave like
insurance if you enjoyed subscribe canal
c has an excellent leave a like for my
gator and his person emoji person go buy
our merch
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
