guess who slammed their toe in a door
this morning oh and those little worms I
talked about yeah there's even more now
boom boom and look they fall apart
literally just break-in all over the
place what are you going on guys today
we are back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day I'm about to
start off the day in the gym because
I've been inspired by Quentin and face
sensor yeah I don't want to get huge but
you know I don't even know what I want
but I actually find it pretty fun to
work out so been doing it for like a
week now I'll just do it when I'm bored
I randomly made about three new goals
for myself what if I was to start
working out and keep working out a
second one is to learn to play guitar I
need to go get that face today and the
third one is to learn some skateboarding
I don't know how much I just I watch a
lot of skateboarding videos on YouTube I
don't know why I've just always found
the stuff interesting I think anything
that's like extreme sports is super cool
and I don't want to break my arm so not
like you know jump it down rails and
stuff I don't know let's start with a
mini edit tell me how you like this
color correcting because I might put it
throughout the whole blog because I'm
guessing right now I'm kind of like aunt
kind of bland
by the way to the bar weighs 65 authors
from Jacob slit aureus
it's an old playlist okay and it's false
so give me credit I continue down the
line along already remember the lyrics
you know what we'll use this music for
the Edit let's go for ten and I want you
to be cold
Hey hey are you the one that's been
breaking up the worms huh whatever those
are you've been biting them even
stepping on
did you watch yesterday's video Luna huh
you want a new friend you want to get a
new friend I think you actually do I
think you'd go for a third dog I really
want a third dog guys I just do I just
do what's up my brother - good morning
that was - high fives Taylor and Tristan
are coming with me and we're going to a
nice sibling lunch lunch dinner wow so a
fancy place where they light a fire on
the table and they cook it in front of
you here but it's all busy why I wonder
why wondered how because it's fancy
something like right we're moving on who
wants to go eat in a bowling alley what
do you want to do that Olive Garden all
of the garden now I'm going to be honest
with you guys here I'm still not used to
this camera I hate not being able to see
myself I don't know if my tears out a
frame or how I look or anything I just
don't know it literally drives me insane
there's got to be a way to pull the back
I look good and then we will see you
guys after Gullah Vardhan we're some
country music on the way to Kakaako
every light and the houses on
rest in peace mr. banker I loved your
music when I used to play Priyanka Larry
any uh any requests before we get there
we're gonna pick a song yet you better
hurry Guitar Center is out of here hi
I probably stuck it to me in it to those
in it so the first time ever and then
brothers we're doing it broke up here
yeah there was a little piece up there
but okay so long I'll come back if I
break it again from your snap it out and
have a great fun bag - there you go no
more excuses now I can be a rock star
yeah well boys and girls at the end of
the line I'm going to Grandma's that
means wake up
well my tattoos healed so we could go in
that nasty water but depending on what
you got going on I don't know this one's
pretty gross - I see a leaf or two stuff
to you we got to find something fun to
do with this Oh where'd you put the
trampoline buy it we stack three tables
maybe we made a pyramid I wanted
something higher than that yeah see this
things are falling apart these things
what only a few years old yeah like six
oh really I think anymore seems like
yesterday they build it I remember if we
had bikes we could ramp them into that
but I feel like that hurt because in
most like ponds you'd go under with a
BMX bike and the bike would like not
hurt you I feel like we just land in the
water and it's like ground water went
down a little bit guys from last time
last time I was up there so now it's
just even more shallow now guys if this
pond were like 10 feet deep even just
like eight eight to ten I would climb
right here then right there and just
keep going all the way top I've gotten
up there before but I've never jumped I
would totally jump off into this that'd
be so much fun if they're flying clouded
and lapped away all right I'm tired talk
so we had our shovels and we tried to
get in there and dig it out a little bit
that's not going to work all the mud
just falls back in so we have these and
Owens going to climb up in the tree and
put some limbs and then we have a yellow
rope and then we're going to tie the
yellow rope to the limb stand on that
swing out and hopefully go in we'll see
how it goes this dis lines cutting into
this tree I'm just waiting for the day
all falls
we're asked to build a new platform okay
I don't know where it just went but
there was a big freaking loss I'm not
getting it slacking out back again a
second yeah I think it'll be about the
right length because we start to swing
around the wood who would have thought
the one old rope we have is long enough
easy does it captain are your feet on
the zipline right now oh okay that must
be 30 then you're hanging out all right
yep should be good guys it's on that
tiny branch up there I'll know if you
can see it very inspector water curves
yes
well I don't think anything
move at the bones on over licensed a
sticks you know like tennis right you
know we've never inspected that half
what if it's like 12 feet deep over
there and stay breezy agreed with the
habit of mud yeah do it well I'll get
your rope ready
there you are partner thank you I saw a
comment I said I got a Kansas accent
whenever I was around you guys and is
dangerous action I say ain't whenever
I'm here what if I jump in a rope hit
the wood you better jump far is all I'm
saying
you got to do it after okay Oh Oh God
not okay okay good you got it don't take
me with you good yep whoa whoa I got it
I got that was nasty but I was off yeah
oh my gosh I didn't think you're gonna
let go I thought you were coming into me
bro I thought I was going back hi my
turn
I'm just going to get it over with like
I named here I think here brother it's
gonna snap right when I go I just wonder
my foot what if it's actually affecting
it's like it's not even about the cat
now he's a big loss I'm going I'm going
I'm going
screw me wow really
the water is still coming for me bro you
slipped that slip and you didn't get out
very far I fell back this way I
literally landed right here I thought
you were going to hang on until I hit
the deck and then follow oh wow I
actually just freaking like it in a half
foot of water are you ready for round
two
what you going on record oh I'm gonna go
again I've awesome I want two hours I
look good you look great
alright I'll get this angle this night
he's ready to back the puffs of it oh
here if your back foot boss it will go
against you boy bro
you actually just let it on your species
is that what I look like let's do a
slow-motion replay
better backflip you got to go again
I know just go straight it's impossible
doing if you're going out this way to go
straight you know I think we have the
same body any legs and then like you're
not at all there we're the same yeah oh
it's my belly button you don't know how
scary this oh no I do not
cuz I knew it oh god oh boy oh do not
hit that oh you all right yeah
hold that hold up hold up are you comin
up
oh my gosh yeah it's back so it's not
possible well I don't think so no you
spend too much yeah all right that we
picked oh is that what took the impact
of Rome I think it√µs it was in the door
this morning so well heal together yeah
mine still read from this morning here's
the ears getting read to that we're
twins same footing everything I don't
know who got the worst of it you or me I
fell in a half foot of water and you hit
this yeah you hit the thing I don't know
leave a comment let's do a trick montage
in the pool to end it off
whoa Lois tradition in the world yeah
the same thing is about
Oh
you
Oh
Oh
oh yeah that's on rollin
you're tall it's not there yeah hi guys
we are going to go ahead in this video
here I hope you guys enjoyed it
productive day I got my guitar fixed
jump in a nasty pond again into some
cool pole vault things not cool pool
vaulting tricks yeah I think you guys
are watching this video and don't really
like interest friends to enjoy subscribe
now and I'll see you guys next one peace
out oh yeah I thought you came and
looking like that you just maybe
