goodbye girls I'll be back with your
very new friend yeah a German Shepherd
probably three of you guys yeah I'm just
kidding
no there won't be three of you cause
it's just a prank on my mom what is
going on guys today we were back in
today hope you guys are all having a
great day I am about to go to Paris's
house and pick up her new dog because
she's letting me use it as a prank it
dies called dog in it I love dogs she's
gonna let me take him his name is Bailey
he's a German Shepherd he's three months
old and I met him yesterday I've always
told my mom like I want a German
Shepherd that's just like my favorite
kind of dog besides these two obviously
you growl when you have stuff in your
mouth don't you can you jump on me too
so I cut any part out of yesterday's
video that had that dog in it had to
make sure that my mom has no idea even
though Paris did post a picture with it
and I don't know if my mom saw that or
not she probably won't remember that
anyway but yeah I'm just moving my car
right now I'm out here getting my truck
because I did not trust that dog he
bites a lot and so do you
hello I'm Quinn's friend I'm waiting for
him to get done knowing okay go ahead
thank you
stop I got some food friend in one
inning I asked him he never brings me
food I was just being nice
why are you stopping the show I'm
watching you while I are you ready to
pull the best prank of 2018 this one
tricking my mom and I think we had a dog
with then we didn't came to your grandpa
was really nice we had a nice life talk
he talks about life sometimes yeah what
a cool guy
first my Audi and now my favorite
vehicle service engine soon
service engine Susan I don't like horses
I got it he I don't know this is a
second time it's had in like a month
I'm just going to go drive it that's it
only solution I wanted to dress again
today because I just didn't yesterday's
video my challenger but we can't drift
when there's a dog in here so we ran
drift now their traction control paulina
struck is technologically advanced
enough for that well I'm going to get
shot draw
I wasn't wrong yeah yeah I even played
before you started them and get shot was
wrong we should try and go down a road
backwards into the dock you wanna go
down this road backward yeah test my
driving so know what all I'm going to
get better in well you're getting these
angles man you know there's nothing to
hold on to I'm kind of scared you going
on you're going off the deep end a
sinner just in the road oh oh we were
almost offset hey there's a person what
if this is before they fix the road
there's no way I would have crashed
already are you going to get around them
what you're going to do is you're you
pull up there and that little spot wait
for them to go yeah you know I can't
think that I did it we got to get out of
the way someone else coming up the road
you an off-roading about four times
what's up dawg oh whoa whoa whoa don't
kill me
you could actually kill me Harley what's
wrong what's wrong Harley are you being
mean today usually chase my car there's
my favorite bet he bites a lot he bites
you you told me about you I'll bring him
back safe and sound need to go pee or
what where are you going up he's young P
good boy better than in my truck good
boy do you need to go poop too or what
you're sniffing a lot yeah he needs to
poop I told you you needed a pro good
boy now you ready let's go prank my mom
I would actually love to keep you but my
mom wouldn't so it'll be fun here's your
new friend to hold on to there bro he's
so strong it's a ham hey M oh dude I
want a German Shepherd so bad bro right
and go here you can't do it but it's in
there whatever okay he wants to be my
friend we didn't need you at all most
suicidal dog of 2018 in points and those
are that you're gonna die usually stop
the curve gamma usually stops right here
yeah see you later
Oh always joining finally there you go
now hey where you at at the shop um I
don't know if I'll have time to come
I'll see I think I'm going to film some
with Quentin I don't have to help
I wanted to to company I'll stop by in a
little bit and I'll introduce the new
stuff okay yeah cuz I got all all right
okay good night okay let me divide
through the common I hate to put my seat
belt on because I know he's too busy
dude it's the dog's fault not mine I
would just lose no way to leave and see
you at its turn
well we're going to take its collar off
Quentin made a good point we should
probably take his collar off so my mom
does thank the dude nah go see their
coffers all kinds of under Terry is a
holdfast and that's it but yeah we need
to carry him into the building in case
he does run away before we get him in
that way so much dogs called me around
and I had him he's strong is your mom
know that we're together
yeah because I feel like if she saw just
you then they'd be like oh hey well I
probably have you filming even if I got
a new dog oh yeah okay our merch shop is
actually right over here I don't think
I've ever put in a vlog before that's
where we do all the packaging shipping
you know orders and stuff oh no no no
it's one of them want to take off the
collar real quick though
okay ready hey hey chill gray suit
autumn I'll open your door so you can
just walk out both the insulation and
because I'm the best boyfriend ever
one Bailey is it still named Bailey or
just give it no no it's a real name I'm
holding like a baby good it is a babe
both dogs heavy put this away yeah yeah
yeah
yes what oh you did not is the only
three months old is from a breeder in
Derby it's a boy I wanted to avoid this
time we got better get Lunas eggs in a
real victory yeah Oh fine no but we
don't have to bring it back is what
you're saying
that'd be embarrassing it'd be so
embarrassing to get back to this thing
I'm not taking it back
what who would you be taking you back to
Petco what yeah the Petco Louie is
$1,500 I hate you did you really
mmm yeah we have to think of a name this
blog what happened to a derby a breeder
and derby to use why about it he's from
Pitkin okay Bo got it we have this
papers in the truck what is a German
German Shepherd I told you I want to
join Shepherd and it's a purebred Judas
is so expensive really there's a dog on
the useless look at him look at me like
are you in the news well there was a
board or the board mom there's a boy
loudly on the euthanized bus at that one
but he did often T we let a master you
get to run around then I shop it boy
somebody McCrory has the biggest belt I
think he's astray yeah ten you're okay
with it well no no there's really
there's one bad part about him but he's
not ours thank God who is it it's Paris
II dog yeah I thought you'd get way more
mad no I'm going to get one I know you
don't hear me say from a breeder yeah I
know I messed up I saved it though
because the breeder gave it to Petco for
a certain amount of money woman that we
had his papers in regeneration hey
boring the dogs
cuz the third dog which catches more men
or and Lorna take care when we go to
move how are we going to be taking more
than two dogs bang for Dylan I even know
how we're going to get to sue me happy
well bye first channel and you have one
two three helpers I'm not there yet you
please now we're getting a third dog
soon no well I'm gonna play with the dog
you can wear that dog what you talk to
them about Murph I play okay sure I
don't know what to say and she's always
telling all right here's a list of stuff
to say we're actually already halfway
sold out of them but someone listened to
youtube hopefully we still have some but
it comes with it's okay notebook and
there's blue also but we're almost
pulled out of blue it ain't my fault
ruler thumb drive this was super cool
and then awesome yeah yeah I'll do the
boy children and then it comes with a
fidgets better it comes with these
colors will vary King Gary here is no
Barry and yeah so those are on the
website now we're going to have three or
four new items I'll put those on next
week so stay cute yeah now I asked you
to bring the dog back I was like oh yeah
all the ways that go or that Irby
breather whatever was wrong I saw you a
delta so every look like you get a blue
pin if you get a pink notebook you get
what happens if you create a key a green
book oh my god his breath doesn't stink
like Lunas alright no whining I gotta go
love you got you man there goes woofer
BRB I think
yo yo you ready you ready for this let's
go we probably won't buy anything but
we're stopping by bro it's your little
husky right there in this little is not
a hospital daddy am I going to live
I'm trying to find a replica of rose I
want to do it Rosa very cold right here
yo these are cool dude should be looking
cool looking oh he wants out of there
he's like come on yeah my mom just told
me we've got done in the iHub I saw her
I'm running by here and then she called
me and she's like do not get it out so
we have to wait but we're still looking
we're going to go individually but shake
a cutest one year that's a night doll I
think we might be out a lot now or you
looking for it you're in jeopardy yeah
we were looking for German Shepherd yeah
calm down there all right we're just
looking today thank you
should we go home there's no point
anymore I guess so our fridge over there
has been shut off for a while the fridge
and the freezer this has happened so
many times my mom is about to make me
smell it I'm breathing through my mouth
right now
oh I just really bought it we just have
this water what's the time I'm going to
be talking about Squidward all look at
the juices all over you hold it kill it
bird it all go to side it smells like
dead fish we are back home guys it is
part two of me making some blue juice
even though I'm not making anything I'm
just putting it in a cup leave a like if
you enjoyed I'm pretty sure we got my
mom good I tried to go longer on the
prank because last time I did a prank
pretty sure it was never I put my head
in the trampoline world besides like the
beanbag room prank but I try to keep you
going this time so yeah we guys enjoyed
it leave a like leave a comment if we
should get a new dog it will probably be
a while but you know I really want
they're so cute but yeah we're going to
go ahead and in this video here and I
hope you
Jordan thank you guys so much for
watching and don't really like insurance
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to new
and I'll see you guys next one patience
bear I'll use this awesome
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
