I don't know what to say rose Oh me
mm-hmm give me kiss give me kiss
she won't give me kiss what did you want
I guys today we were back in today hope
you guys are all having a great day I'm
just going to jump right into this as
you guys see by the title Parris and I
are broken up and there's many many
reasons for this I have filmed this
video three freaking times I cannot say
what I want to say and it's really
annoying
first thing I want to say is I did not
want to make this video at all I did not
want to put this on my channel the
reason I'm doing it is because I have to
for you guys I definitely want you guys
to know what's going on in my life
that's the bond we have and I can't go
on in YouTube and everything else
without you guys knowing everything so
I'm going to go into some detail I'm
going to leave a lot of stuff out it's
obviously our relationship and our
private life I'm going to keep the
private stuff private and I do not want
any hate sent to Paris I did not want
anything like that
there's not one couple out there that
doesn't fight that doesn't you know that
doesn't have up and downs and stuff and
being a daily vlogger like I just don't
film any of the bad stuff I only put in
the good stuff you guys can probably
guess that anything I've left in of
Paris tonight has been good and for good
reason I want you guys to you know to
like us and just be happy watching us
and also parents is only 15 years old
she's going to be a sophomore in high
school she's basically a normal teenage
girl that goes to a normal public school
right and I dated her back whenever she
went to public school and I just
absolutely could not stand it I've been
making videos and stuff doing my thing
while she was in school and she would
always tell me what kids would say to
her do to her and it literally just
reminded myself of what used to happen
to me so for a while I was basically
reliving that and so I was like whatever
kept trying and eventually summer came
and everything got way better everything
was just you know so we'd like made a
plan that she was going to do online
school and all this stuff we had it all
planned out but in the back of my mind
like I was thinking she's so so talented
she is good at sports she has all this
opportunity I'm not going to be the
reason that she can't do that stuff
because she was ready to change her life
to fit the relationship that I wanted
I'm a firm believer of if stuff is
supposed to work out it will with time
and with me being gone and stuff all the
time we fought a lot whenever I was gone
I think it was because we missed each
other or whatever it was but you would
just always fight and then it would make
it to where I was like sad upset mad
whatever on this trip and I'm usually
trying to be the life of the party for
my family and everybody else I'm trying
to keep everybody happy
and I couldn't really do that in the
trips because I was just upset and sad
and with Hawaii and all this stuff
coming up and all these trips I've taken
recently I decided I wanted to do what's
best for me I want to just be alone
right now I want to focus on myself I
want to focus on my channel I want to
focus on being happy whenever we go to
Hawaii August 12th we're dealing in
question like I'm going to make those
videos so good I'm going to be focusing
on doing that stuff for you guys and for
me and that's what I wanted because
we've gotten in fights and we would like
break up and like we'd have ups and down
and we'd always somewhat work it out but
then it would just happen again so I
feel like for both of us to be happy and
for what's best for both of us is that
you know I do my own thing she does hers
and we just have to move on and I hope
you guys can move on with us I know you
guys will grow with us I know you guys
will respect us it's so hard having an
actual relationship right now for me so
I'm on chill with my dago's I'm gonna
chill playing some guitar hero I'm gonna
chill laying on my beanbag whatever it
takes I just want to relax and have fun
you know I just want you guys to
understand that's like my biggest
concern you guys probably grew to love
her as much as I did even though she was
super super quiet but hey that's what I
wanted I wanted a girl that was going to
balance me out because you guys see me
on like a little a but like I said this
is just what needs to happen and I guess
that's all I wanted to say and I will
see you guys in the next video thank you
guys so much for listening and thank you
guys so much for all the love Rose loves
you too please do not go soon and they
hate to Paris or anything like that and
I guess that's it I love you guys and
I'll see you guys next video peace out
