can we go back to living at the living
room morning yeah that was a joke from
one of Kindles songs because we're going
to meet Kendall from Big Time Rush today
here's a new band and he has a song
called living room and he goes can we go
back to them because he's like talking
about going back in time to whatever he
was happy or something I'll not ask but
what is going on guys today we're back
and today hope you guys are all having a
great day it's my actual birthday today
I'm old now man starting in like what 7
p.m. tonight I was 7:30 on Wednesday but
yeah my birthday present is to go meet
Kendall from Big Time Rush so I'm really
excited
hopefully this microphone sounds better
because I thought of editing yesterday's
video I was basically screaming he was
like all bass boosted it was so funny
we're going to roll off to his house
playing Big Time Rush I'm not going to
film outside his house but we have here
we're here yeah this is Maury hello live
in West 10 is meet you this is not get
back at it hello brother Greg hey yeah
night time you can do it oh you actually
have coffee yeah well you don't drink no
I'm not really I mean I'll try it I'll
make you I okay well the show is called
coffee with Kindle so here's the setup
your house is so much cooler I thought
oh it's just like we're at home Wizard
of Oz big town rush 2012 Kindles from
Kansas - so he's like you know one other
person in the existence that's gone from
Kansas to be in successful this is also
my first time wearing a v-neck ever in
my entire life you wore one yesterday so
I thought I'd try it out you're not in
charge
no Kindles on big time that's right
mom's taken over the camera god help us
all thanks everyone
alright guys I had a special guest today
by the way I tweeted out a wizard stuff
this kid is amazing I discovered him
because he posted a video of him doing
some stuff jumping off of his balcony in
his house and I just thought it was
amazing because first of all he's got
some serious balls inside the ball I had
a bigger canvas which is really good
from Wichita and I mean it's a small
town so there's not many people so where
chandus needed make some noise for
Tanner from I'm so good how many times
you been to California like probably
once or twice a month for the last six
months
okay so lot yeah absolutely you don't
get tell you I'm all seventeen today he
doesn't say you don't drink coffee
no no no I really don't want to even is
the problem okay the problem would you
like a hot chocolate sure yeah amazing
amazing
did you guys remove the railing to do
that stuff yeah we did and hello parole
permission from Karen's oh yeah it
reminded me a lot of myself oh by the
way congratulations on combat blue aw
thank you
there are underlined myself because
Kevin knows we used to jump off our roof
in Kansas on the trampoline yeah and
then they also used to do the same work
because I was the youngest they would
put me in the middle and do a double
down
it would hurt me but cries yeah but
that's maybe you don't like funny
YouTube because people do go on YouTube
sometimes and type in things like crazy
trampoline yes that's me yeah well I am
so cool and insane cliff jumping like
those are my tags now yes I know there's
probably other kids out there looking so
yeah that's amazing
that's amazing but um so because you
love trembling so much we wanted to sort
of make it up make it home for you here
you have one one will be turn in it
what's happening - really yeah I got to
translate it as part of a little
competition of you guys going guys I
want to do with you are you going to get
a trampoline tattoo one day oh my gosh I
don't know I got one tattoo though large
Rossum Irish woo how was it
sorry appreciating right I have nine it
doesn't get any better so what we're
going to do is we're going to get BTR
song set up the only setup infidel and
extremely slow down while jumping in it
can't be this
so you got to be jumping we got to be
like how long are they actually total
like how long it's inside okay you
should be able to figure it out I know
your vcr telephone to go here we go
go music sounds big minute i know my
favorite time rush yeah Aaron I was in
the band I was in the band business you
were in the band
you probably heard it
any kind of guy that was the first video
we ever did it's a long time for me to -
one we are on this yard
I cannot win that mean we got winners
but we wanted to give you a special
present and all the combined one of our
favorite segments on the show is given a
couple bike radio thingy a pig the first
time would be in California but it's
almost like it's her birthday dude thank
you so much for joining me today rather
me hope you had a good time then you're
welcome to come over anytime dude you
can come hang your man like me back I
never come back to Kansas
I probably in the clothes house there
okay great there's a lot of a feline
rattle is not going back on fantastic I
will be jumping and I'll actually be in
Kansas in early September okay so I'll
be back
we're signing off goodbye everybody okay
we're going back in the Kindle studio he
films all the stuff at home well recruit
me come on over come overnight down
through now a little messy at parting at
a game spot hand-built
I need this like this whole
soundproofing honestly sometimes if you
come in here and like you've had a
really stressful day I'll shut the door
and just sit on the ground and it's
really quiet yeah and you just kind of
go like like my birthday wish and I blew
out that was to make a song yes it's
gonna it's got to happen good you can do
it with me I know we got to make it
happen is what this place is for it's
from making music into Moses you can use
deliveries push it all will like go up
in the elevator or something and I'll
tell my mom will be like huh can we go
back in this Vic what it'll be like to
living room yeah
I'm finally catching on it like
understand a joke yeah just left do you
like that song yeah
awesome my favorite awesome I can show
you happen you alcohol yeah I'll put you
a new song you can't film it but before
we leave we're doing a slow-motion me
jumping into your arms okay good link in
the description to hit Spotify you guys
definitely need to go check him out he's
amazing
I love him
you
leave alike and we will make the music
video together be better than anything
you've ever heard on YouTube yeah we got
to figure it out though
including Jake Paul's video yeah and
Logan's and everyone we just had the
discussion so very important to Daddy
we're going I will come back to his
house we'll discuss all the lyrics
we'll make six music video go to Spotify
and we're gonna go look at one more
house I don't know it's real quick brush
I'm sure they're yeah
represent that there's also step over my
Bush thank you for having me on the show
mom look at that one in a beautiful it's
beautiful hi there this is the backyard
I want and look how you could do so much
stuff with the air space you have look
at that roof and the hole have your
summer explain that yeah I'm pretty sure
everyone's sick of me like talking about
houses and show animal houses we're
trying to make it happen all that is
stick this would be my room breath I
keep saying that but yeah you could let
me just walk it right here find out this
remove your knees you could climb right
out this window walk across this get to
this ledge and then just you know do so
much fun stuff bathroom in here you can
put a bed this one was really cool again
and that realtor is really nice she's
going to help us actually find a house
that will suit us completely she reminds
me of my fourth grade teacher mrs.
student I know it's weird you know guys
I'm not sad to see this thing go
we're in slice a hurry because we forgot
we had to drop off the rental van and
now we can't miss our flight so I get it
run all the way back to the van now
because I think I left my wallet time to
test my track Jill I'm very thankful for
moving walkways yeah we had a great van
we just dropped off miss Dodge I left my
wallet in it oh hey my underwear oh what
a last month under one well no luck
there first time sweating in a while
time to run all the way back hoping
night somehow in my suitcase we have a
winner everyone
moms always nowhere stuffy yeah we were
running for nothing we've been sitting
down for you
two hours almost two hours yeah get out
yeah we've been chilling let's I got
delayed anyway we're probably in a
minute or second flight happy bird
there you go whoa this one's on the
ground hi
this point goal on my legs but my toes
are kind of more about the run to our
gate and all the ops the end of the
airport and if we can maybe get them on
a after run across seven determinants
yeah
or gate gate Korea here we are going to
musta citement sit here for another
three hours
awesome United shouldn't wait a couple
minutes so now we get us to here all
frickin night
here we go cutie thanks pop drink yeah I
didn't like it I'm no caramel chocolate
chip something to copy and only copy
it's almost raw I only like coffee when
it's whipped into a society let's draw I
got bored the drink was gross hope you
like it let me tell you being stuck in
an airport is probably one of the worst
thing ever you know why because you
can't do anything they have restaurants
that are closed at night they have
chairs without outlets they don't want
to be do come or it they can't have your
experience that you convene I just wish
they bring back supersonic flights
because those were like three times as
fast as normal flight so you'd get
somewhere three times faster they had
like one crash and then like it was too
expensive or something I don't know but
Donald Trump if you're watching this you
know what to do make airlines better
again bro you should show them what you
got oh so I wanted to record you know
you know it's kind of cool right so I
bought this if it's broken I am any my
own life I'm not joking so you know if
you get a record you can't play it on a
laptop so I bought a record players
they're totally taking it all the way
home so funny and whenever he was
talking about that I was thinking hmm
who's my idol and I was like huh slash
from Guns & Roses and I realized flashes
birthday was yesterday so we're one day
off that's cool at sick man oh yeah oh
yeah oh this is my first time sitting on
the very front of a plane my foursome
having a window seat you thinking how do
you like my new camera huh you haven't
seen this one yet
yeah you like that hi I'll miss you guys
and shout out to Jessie our bodyguard
for doing the dishes and vacuuming while
we were gone that was probably the worst
fight I've ever had back the one that we
all just died on yeah we took off after
a big plane apparently which caused us
to go we do is so bad I swear we were
going down I thought it was the end I
was like tweet my net I was convinced
that we were done but yeah we're gonna
go ahead and in this video here and I
hope you guys enjoyed it so glad to be
home so glad I miss you I might cuddle
with my dogs and I'll see you guys in
the Morrow's video thank you so much for
watching don't really like insurance
friends pre enjoyed subscribe to you and
I'll see you guys next time happy
