a week without you it's like a week
without my dog seriously you're so cute
and guys so you got a little bit fat not
trying to bow to shame my dog roll over
roll over look at that stomach she's
getting tubby but Rose is so beautiful I
missed you too huh I'm not gonna disturb
your nap time too much even though it
looks like Luna is ready to bolt good
morning what is going on guys today
we're back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day it's got a slice
of pizza and I'm leaving to go see my
cousin because guess what houston we
have snowfall we got a half inch but
it's better than nothing and that is
just enough to drift my howdy all right
on the snow today I'm gonna go pick him
up with my Challenger we might drift on
my challenger a little bit but we're
definitely drifting my r8 today before
the snow melts this will be the first
official back in Kansas vlog and guys
peep the outfit today what is going on
yeah I thought this would be a good
place to drift at least in this car but
there's no snow in the entire parking
lot yeah whoops I just want to go back
to my house find a spot okay perfect I
think we're just gonna skip over the
Challenger honestly I don't think it'll
be that crazy this will be way more fun
we might as well just jump in this this
is going to be the coolest of all cold
starts
oh and no smoking in here
I needed seats heated seats come on
yeah I got some new music from the RV
you want to hear it let's go it's not
really new but
it's not really a new song but it's new
to me ah okay realize my camera's gonna
die I have to go home and get a battery
real quick but it is driving pretty
normal so far I mean even on the ice
it's handling it pretty well that's the
four-wheel drive at work all right let
me go get this battery well uh tip
number two and this parking lot that I
usually go to is also basically back to
normal and there's a random person right
there that probably owns this place so I
think no we might just go drift around
on my side yard honestly like grass no I
don't know I know is that you should
probably quit talking so much because I
think they're getting annoyed
anytime the
you know I made a perfect little walkway
Oh guys it's freezing I'm having Owen
filming I feel really bad we're gonna
try to get a few more drifts cuz that
that's suck my car can barely move on
this especially with grass there's
absolutely no traction I'm gonna try my
best then Owens gonna give it a spin
literally
moving you're gonna give it a shot yeah
I'll try all right there's a camera in
there already goin if you want to speak
any words I bet I can run around this
car before you can drift off full circle
it's like that slow I've never seen snow
in an RA tire listen to it it's just
trying to breathe okay yeah
well he's throwing snow at my face right
now I give it one last push just try to
go in circles it's struggling so much
that was loud guys look I can run faster
than alright okay I think we've done
enough damage here why is it smell like
burnt tire how's that even happened ah
dude I turned off my car and listen guys
that's not good very very toasty engine
right here I say you take the gold one
and I take the rainbow one and we just
we just go for it bro though you have to
come see my happy place he's never seen
it why isn't no one ever seen my attic
it's pretty sweet
oh thank you I missed my happy place and
my best friends Dom yeah we need to do a
Q&A hurry up in the shower hello
everyone this is Barack Obama here good
morning guys it's the next day tom is
here he came where'd you come from
technically New Orleans but then we
drove from Texas oh yeah he got stuck in
the Texas Airport but he's here now and
he just randomly appeared but guys we're
gonna be doing the weekly Q&A for the
second half of this video because this
video is kind of like five minutes long
and that's not okay because I upload
every other day and I don't want a five
minute video so dome is going to be
doing it with me and I got the iPhone 10
check it out it's actually pretty sweet
and I got the carbon fiber case I'm
gonna put a pop suck it on before we
start the Q&A there's some pretty big
news I'm going to be in Dallas Texas not
this weekend but next weekend at one of
the buckle stores I'll leave like the
address and stuff in the description and
it's free of charge you can just go
there say what's up I will be signing
stuff and taking pictures for about 45
minutes so come down get some dibs and
my family will be there too so just come
say hi and I'll be there as his
bodyguard
then I've known a long Steve what was it
I'll trade you all happy no switch he
doesn't like the fireplace what jail do
you use for your hair but doesn't it
look good right now um it's called woody
the the sexual reference or the Toy
Story reference now if you're asking
what y'all use for my hair I personally
use Paul Mitchel yeah it goes really
well with carpet yeah dannis car my head
I have whatever this is
what's your favorite song at the moment
okay favorite song at the moment
Coldplay ghost stories always in my head
yes okay that's all we listen to this
whole oh he's been here for since last
night we went on a drive just around
town and we listened to Coldplay and it
was amazing I can follow this song with
a coke clip always in my head
beautiful song yes an app on his phone
where he can like put under storm noises
over Coldplay and go to sleep to it and
that's what we did that's okay I'll
sleep too last night beautiful are you
and Jennifer a thing Jennifer chimeric
no does it not hit me up Tom what do you
like to do other than flipping I do a
lot of stuff I mean I clearly enjoy
traveling I travel a ton like for a
living but I have a passion for like
just experiencing other cultures and I
love food Dom's like the coolest guy
you're ever gonna meet he's been around
the world he's seen it all they call me
uncle Dom for a reason I got some wisdom
in this giant does ever been to Canada
no not yet bye stay tuned for my next
video because there's a very special
guest coming to this house it's gonna be
sweet and it's not done even though he
was kind of raised in Canada yeah I was
born and raised on the border I'm pretty
much Canadian what's the hardest blood
combo each of you has ever done whoo
you go first oh boy I have a couple that
I'm still the only person in the world
to do double layout hunts double full-on
floors one double layout whip swing
through double cork if you don't know
what that is it's like double flips body
extended another flip with my body
extended leaning on one foot swinging
through twisting twice horizontally this
wasn't a combo but I'm still the only
person to do a quadruple front flip into
a backyard pool off of a garden
trampoline that's pretty scary
and my favorite combo was probably
triple backflip to triple front flip on
a garden trampoline because it was just
an all-time dream trick Bob Ross or
Kristin well Tristan sitting right there
Dan Bob Ross is sitting right here Ross
a little closer yeah if you already know
the answer you don't have to ask do you
think you'll go back to uploading every
day um I have no clue right now I'm kind
of just enjoying myself more than I ever
have I'm hanging out with my friends
we're just out here and 2080 and I just
want to travel and be happy experience
life it's the key to happiness I figured
it out yeah I'm figuring it out do your
best
accent I'm actually quite good governor
governor this is my little brother
Turner this is my Uncle Dom we go way
back that sounded Australian okay I'm
gonna be done with this Q&A because I
gotta edit this video and I want to play
on my iPhone 10 and get it to back up to
my phone aging transfer everything over
and I need to take a shower as you can
tell but I hope you guys enjoy this
video I think you guys someone's
watching and if we leave like shared
friends view enjoy subscribe you guys
next one hand like I said don't miss the
video to come it's gonna be cool you
should be an auctioneer hey 25 30 35 oh
yeah actually my grandpa is one
oh and Skybound thank you for the random
trampoline I'll set that up when it's
not six degrees I'm not even touching
anything strawberry
you just maybe
