Jessie's microphone was off that whole
time yeah
what are you only guys today we were
back in today it is my birthday to you
guys tomorrow to me is today too you
guys come on house for my birthday mom
please please maybe a condom I'm gonna
use this is quick made anyone yeah today
we're going to be house shopping again I
used house shopping as clickbait last
time we were in LA I said we had to do
this and I had a picture of my family
and I outside of the house but for one
my household so we couldn't get it and
they also really quickly here but we
didn't want to just buy the first house
we thought we wanted to go see what
other options are we're out on the
market so that's what we're going to be
doing today we're going to go look at
condos and like apartment and those
would be easier to maintain while we're
gone we wouldn't really have to you know
mow the yard or have anybody look after
the house so we just don't have to stay
in hotels and also I want to know how
you guys like the quality of yesterday's
vlog because I've logged with this
camera same one I'm blogging with right
now I think the audio is a little bit
louder than usual I can try to turn that
down over here hold on I can do it like
this or I can I think this is louder I
think I think this is like the I don't
know I'm just going to put it back to
normal I don't know how it sounds
let me know in the comments and I think
it looks better than any camera I've
ever had because it's just like not the
g7x but oh that's a really good one
that's so good yeah alright the focus
time is disgraced it is your phone with
you little baby camera is the first
option bad thing or that thing up here
becomes garages oh oh oh no that looks
pretty convincing already thank you
so these are basically if our rents are
not houses they're like apartments you
can actually own but this one looks
pretty old already like it looks I just
want something modern so this is
probably not for me all right
cool as far as the garage yeah we've all
agreed on getting something modern
either way so this is a very old person
site yeah
I'm not sixty yet but I'm about to be 17
which is still old I'm scared on to the
next place what do you give that one out
of ten huh three I don't know I don't
know now we found a house we can all
agree on for me except for her we're
just going to get a look we don't know
if this is an actual option this is a
house not an apartment and it looks
beautiful
hello you yeah oh my god yeah this is
gonna be so expensive but there's even
like kind of a view and it would have
such an inspector all right there's a
balcony up there go serious okay this is
the modern we need nice cool this is yo
every bedroom is freakin sick and the
glass shower I want must wake it up
stepping out this the master
oh yeah this is my dishes this would be
my bedroom the balcony you no way no
governor curricular dude look back
that's a closet
and then it just wraps back around that
is so sick I mean it's a little bit more
than what we would need obviously I
would spend half in LA and half and kids
show cool little built-in grill so
brand-new and you just get to overlook
everything we're at the top of the hill
Matt except for up there you know all
that why would let's go up there to
check that out this is about to be my
birthday present to myself mom
I'm just have a peek liner there's room
with some guitars I'll play the quantity
in the bathroom alright time to go to
some crack houses now after we re status
and this one is our next option and
probably the last one of the day turf
really sir
oh so turf right here real grass up here
there's the garage and the driveway
leads all the way down there see this is
like a little bit more yard which is
better I think you're cool in here down
here oh dang so there's one bedroom
another bedroom bathroom cool bathroom
oh this sick pee how much is this one so
this one's a lot less money than the
other one yeah it's half I'm completely
fine with living here you're living here
all the time yeah that's true
this backyard just sit on this room for
trampoline hey that's it yes I thought
that's so cool so guys we were given
permission to go back to that really
cool house at 90 tonight because like
the agent was like promising us it was
going to be amazing and blah blah blah
but we realized we have one house that
we love right and getting a second house
that we love that is really really
awesome and a little bit out of our
price down and we can't enjoy both
houses at the same time so really would
just be kind of dumb we still want to
live out of hotel rooms you might get
like an apartment we'll figure something
out so right here's the last house we
were going to look at it's up for sale
but I think it's actually close now and
we also realized right up here there's a
security car and a bunch of children so
we realized this is Jake Paul's Street
we're on Jake Paul Street right now it's
it's almost sunset I think I'm going to
yell at the window there's some fans
it's all done on Twitter I could even
come outside let's play just like you
did with post Malone let's just drive by
I'll say hi 10/10 right now ah this is
when we get together just become a
Tanner burger I mean green every kid
there knew me so I could start my own
team 3 and 69
God matches my camera bro okay my march
link your bio I don't promote hello my
good god
Thank You Maya I do not promote it
enough I could be like every other
youtuber and talk about everything of
videobuzz cry oh yeah I don't I don't
want to do that it's kind of annoying
but I like my merch I won't you get down
my merch is assumed in all the way yes
it definitely has company and see this
is why I need them your website coming
expand new website coming soon with
other people to mess it up and yeah we
just say I hop and whenever I was
retainer Fox who's telling me bro your
car has to have a name you got to got to
think of your car's name like he calls
his Kylie and what the Nessa I was
thinking wow I could I could call it
Luna because it goes but that's like
already my dog's name so I believe it is
clickbait ra it doesn't have to be like
a girl's name or something look what
you're like I thought you're alive in my
name Yad is it that bad yeah we can't
give it a certain name and listen
another color so just just never mind
Tanner's car doesn't look like a female
no it looks very mean and then actually
he my boy it was it was like white
before no offense
Santa I'm just saying with that guy's
just like Michael Jackson trimmings on
yeah dude I see I'm things little things
I feel is too loud Oh with this does
this sound better guys I don't know if
this sounds better or not I left your
battery hold up those dark outside and
there's still no TV
oh look at this thing in low light oh I
can I think you better yeah sure I can
see better through this camera then in
real life there we go hello my whole
other focus though it even makes years
brighter that's amazing nobody better be
in our tent dude
no no nope nobody's in here let me open
it from the back guide you have to pull
down on this and it opens the other end
so it's a couple tenth looks good oh
that's a little foggy right my other
camera would never be able to see us
right now this is so good
let's close this different privacy in
here build privacy for us so this is the
first pool there's actually two pools in
total one of them has a hot tub the
other one has like a little jumping spot
which we'll go to in a minute since this
camera's unbelievable and can actually
see in the jar does yeah I jumped off a
little wall thing it's not that big but
this pool is always filled with people
that's have cute little tint yeah you
want to go to the other one our what I'm
going to talk a little bit while I'm in
here all right okay so what first
couldn't talk now
hey asshole you want you want to pull
the top let me get out your and there
you go race you to the second pool okay
I'm going backward notice at this guy
dude I even have a hurt foot yeah there
it is it is quite the journey to the
second pool yeah this is the spot I was
talking about it's literally not that
big but it's kind of far yeah jumped off
yesterday only other spot is off that
roof but I don't know how to get up
there and it's only three feet it's
three feet deep yeah hardest part
there's little pipes up here dude
they're going to mess up my footing
better not here we go
no lifeguard on duty
ready
why don't you do gainers Oh my priest
King put you know I'm not even kidding
maybe it's the chlorine go this is pool
cold to hot department dozens of them
goodbye new house a friend there let's
take a bit away cruise away Justin's
awake just a week everybody mr. Hamid
all moms awake then everybody's awake oh
no way
yeah we thought you'd be asleep I guess
everybody be awakened and I was wrong
too but yeah you need to go to your
snoring factory right it's right next
door
whoa rare video footage of Taylor coming
out of the bathroom she lives in there
oh you liked my vlog from yesterday you
liked the editing Hey
oh well yesterday yeah yesterday to them
I did some editing in that when I felt
adventurous I guess what what you have
two and a half hours left of being 16
that's 16 is the age you can do stuff
and act stupid and get away with it
because people think you're immature so
you can just do whatever you want
whenever you're seventeen everyone
expects you to like get ready to be an
adult which I mean are you I mean I
don't do that much do good stuff you
can't count a legal clerk show me stupid
because I'm just savage you know yeah
but yeah I guess I'm going to go to bed
and wake up as a day older and tomorrow
will be fun though we're meeting Kindle
from Big Time rocks well from formally
Big Time Rush she's in a new band now
and then I think we're gonna go looking
like one more house we've been looking
at some online and we're looking at
better options you know a mix of like
the two really are looking but we're
like we're shopping or not just yet yeah
it's stupid about it yeah we're not
going to be done we don't want to buy
something that we don't need we but we
want something that'll be cool for the
vlogs never wear sheer that's that's
basically what we're going for so yeah
we're going to go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and yes thank you guys so much for
watching this video and don't forget
French if you enjoyed subscribe be new
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out
I said peace out
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
