I feel like this is a good time to start
the vlog what is going on guys today
we're back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day we are in my RA
we are at SC rap for cars and coffee
ji and yeah we're about to do a little
revving my mom is actually going to give
me a new Sony camera right now from
Georgia's cameras or something they
actually have a lot yeah of course give
me one side yeah I saw you just zoom by
okay guys I remember but yeah so I'm a
same like actual good camera that I
talked about yesterday so in a little
bit this vlog will be a little bit
better quality so this thing has been a
lot of fun I've taken like so many
pictures met so many of you guys it was
so much fun we're about to leave though
and I really wanted to take my alright
to tanners house because I wanted to get
an Instagram picture but it says right
here wheels not torqued and do not drive
hard bumper not fully on so yeah we
can't drive my car I don't even know how
they drove it over here so I can't get
my picture there's a few Lamborghinis I
don't even know what like that car but
there is one let me zoom in on it oh no
this is cool it's that red one right
there it looks like a Lamborghini and an
r8 mix you know I'm not a car guy so I
don't know but it looks sick yeah this
was really the only thing we had on the
agenda for today and it's already over
it's like you know 11 so my mom is
coming back with my new camera she took
the van and then
oh no we might go to Tanner's house and
figure it out and here we go into the
new Sony camera oh you have to tell me
does it look good
zoom out okay is that it zoom in a
little like cute I can't see myself
anymore but this camera is nice it's so
I'm staring into like the most beautiful
thing - you owe me no I'm talking about
then we're going to Tanner's house now
that's it breaking into Tanner Fox's
backyard again whore - so I do my first
edit with his camera
I'm down I'm down on that what were you
saying
she said you're gay you're gay take a
look finish off the Edit with that job
oh it's raining a fire hydrant over
there but the water from idiot let's go
eat oh hey it's watching the windshield
for it now that was GTA we're going to
eat right now we just got tanners and we
left again we're about to go to the
beach I thought I'd blog this I wasn't
gonna vlog but then you know I was
spewing and I remember you got a new
camera and you just love doing it dude I
love this camera I want to know what I
look like that I can't
zoom out a little well guys whenever
you're stuck in traffic
you got to entertain yourself somehow
how are we gonna do that well I don't
like my seats we're gonna switch okay I
didn't like this seat here Taylor you
take this Chinese fire drill runs we
play tag boyfriend goals but you guys
never play tag on the freeway before
dang I just try to flip out the screen
you don't even
we gotta get prepared to meet Kendall
from Big Time Rush oh yeah I forgot it
shout-out to army tricks for the exhaust
again link in description again first
time at a California beach well since we
have gone to LA together at least four
times oh did we ever swim there now we
do know I went swimming in my at the
Florida beach okay well the ones here
smell kind of bad and they're freezing
the one I went to was in the backyard of
our condo and it was super clean smell
good so you're in for a treat let's go
let's go don't push you in front of the
car wait lift up your feet you cheater
your mom found us or they coming with us
Taylor jurcins bring in your battery
okay oh yeah my camera is about to die I
didn't have time to charge these new
batteries for this new camera but we're
walking down I'm not gonna lie smells
toxic so bad but it smells like dead
fish and poo dead fish dead seals dead
seagull that cliff though that's
freaking huge I usually bring shoes the
one day I don't we walk through a mile
of this you guys have snow melons here
yes no caps at the beach that's so sick
oh wait I don't know that's bird crap
all right guys who's gonna send it
who's gonna send it I want to know who's
gonna send it were you swimming it on my
tattoo yes I was already dog we're not
allowed to jump so we got a look at
whoever jumps from up there down into
the crack yes they're linked in the
description before him as well dog goes
on the beat dude that reminds me of Luna
the neck hole it probably sounds the
same just like my car - yeah you're good
just watch out for that guy and that guy
and the two seals do not hit the seal oh
no almost the bird boobs just flying off
the rock you can see the dust
Oh Tanner is literally banned from the
ocean he say $175 fine yeah that's what
that's better get out of here
I was told this morning and I forgot him
happy birthday Jake Dave and I we headed
out bye
Oh I was barefoot this whole time we're
at the van literally at the van and now
it's something's in there it hurts bad
it feels like I just stepped on a
scorpion and Abbie's baby
all right foot reveal what's it look
like oh well there's just a hole hold on
let me zoom in come on camera work your
magic
bro it's right there see it yeah that
hurts real bad I think it's just a bee
sting maybe I stepped on something I
think it's still in there it hurts so
bad and also guys oh we did we took some
sick fish I see him on the gram at Tina
ProGuard and also I was in a queue you
EMT I am CCO nith boy I'm glad you did
that because I wasn't gonna put the text
for your cases kidding
I would've dude oh yeah all right guys
my foot is healing I'm pretty sure it
was it be after all because it unheard
that bad anymore
oh here SC raps again for like the
eighth time and we're looking at rash
which one do you guys think I'm gonna
get out of all these there's the orange
there's the blah blah I personally like
this one right here cardboard yeah
here's a hint
because I still don't know I thought I
knew now I might not but I might still
get the one I thought I did but I might
not because I think I might want
something else but it's already done can
I show them huh it's already done oh
yeah it's blue and now I think we're
just gonna go back to LA until I could
buy chatter can we like hug and kiss
through this door okay next is we like
to rap samples but I don't I think the
one that we're talking about I would get
sick of to be honest I'd get sick of it
I think we should go back to the
original color and we thought yeah it's
on the table you go look nice meeting
you we'll have another Kody contest when
I can actually put in my vlog we'll go
to Tempest yeah I pee safe you drive
safe Mark's lady Dylan God realm of
thine Home Depot releases new Bluetooth
cordless hose what the hell wait let's
shut up yeah it's finally a new hotel
it's right over there this one is
actually really sick I mean I can't see
inside of it yet but you know so I just
took a break from vlogging that was
random clip but yeah we're back now
we're about to go into hotel we'll
finish off the vlog there this pole
literally on the TV Road
this is crazy this is actually crazy
first time not at the end of the hallway
right there's the elevators like right
past that corner we're always like way
down there and then around the corner
and then around the next one and we
always have to walk forever so it's kind
of nice okay here's the first room
Tristan's gonna sleep in here yeah and
okay okay I like it yeah what you just
want to cuddle with me more don't you
it's basically a normal hotel room in a
supercool hotel time to kick off the
Crocs and relax I'm gonna stand by a
mirror so I can see myself in the back
of the camera all right guys I'm
guessing this video is probably a little
bit shorter than usual but we are gonna
go ahead and into here it's been a
really busy day I promise I'll be a
better vlog tomorrow I just want to end
it here because there's really nothing
else I can do because there's really
nothing else I want to do today and I
don't really feel like filming anymore
so yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video and don't feel Eve
like insurer with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you have and I'll see you
guys in the next one
you just maybe
