dude I'm upset Quentin what MA waiting
like Lautner someone put a ladder right
by the roof that I wanted to get on like
just making it super easy for me but I
just got around I just got ready I just
put my hair up I just took a shower they
know what you want and that's the listen
I might still do it not right now but
later maybe what are you oh my god today
we're back in today I always bring a
pocket of swag wherever you go
what is that a chain chain today we're
going to comic-con come on Wyatt they
don't mean weird because I'm going to
test out this new game I don't think I'm
going to be filming there I might them a
little bit no dude he's climbing up if
you're gonna jump oh you're just fixing
my security camera I think he just fixed
on the security camera that's a shame
but yeah I think I'm going to be looking
at my re today we're going to stop by my
exhaust should be on it I'm not sure I
hope it is because I want to hear it
Rumble and go because I'm jealous of
Tanner Fox's the town his car makes was
great it was crazy was going on comment
down below wine and overture or no
Hawaiian over sure Hawaiian over shirt
that's it yeah I want my car to sound
like my dog Luna
what do you call it about huh what's
your problem
mm-hmm why don't you propose it we're
gonna leave our hotel we caught a lot
and I uh
those two beds are kind of dirty but
let's because a hobo came is left now
last night we definitely totaled we let
it man it was the same thing okay yeah
looks good enough cool thank you
lifetime warranty it better be good
hello my SD card was like you know
falling apart it's been in and out of my
computer too many times there's all
right over there same van that we have
but dude this is the Chrysler Pacifica
with the stuff there's people in it so
I'm not going to get close but they have
TVs not fair we made it we are here at
comic-con
I never got into any like you know
spider-man I never seen any Star Wars
all I do is type iris okay so this is
all new to me here's the battleground
it's basically a new town over there we
should i / wars from the windows
walking ballistic knives I think I got
it nope I messed up we're going to get a
warm-up in before we run around with our
game it's basically you hook your phone
to this little toy gun and you can shoot
other players that are also in the game
it's hard to explain so this is our team
over here we got four and then we're
verging four other people over there oh
my headphones just said get ready
trooper so I might get ready you can
hold down this little button and talk to
have the player this is reload cool
we camp and get out of there it vibrates
whatever your suits a building actually
in the game we'll see you guys are never
going to check up on my car
thank you yeah what's going on you too
bitch boy hey guys we were back at the
hotel they're cleaning my mom's room
right now you know the maids and stuff
we're heading down to the pool I'm gonna
see if I can do this jump bro I'm dying
out here yeah that's my mom's parking I
know I know my man I miss the guy all
right I keep miss I'm not understand
Rochelle oh so now that we're down here
this might be too big
oh god no okay that's better guys I
thought I was going to jump from there
to there try Nasim I could totally jump
into the hot tub but it's only a foot
footless Oh
no way I could jump from there all the
way to there that's too far I can jump
off that smaller so there's a huge staff
members walking around I just don't want
to get in trouble we're leaving this
hotel after tonight but if it comes down
to an get kicked out Tina Fox's house
ELISA yeah all that roofs going to be so
hot I just really bad
I got to go get that stock even though
there's the stream right there but no
egg on top you got to do it sometimes
then got it that's what I was doing
how was that landing my butt hmm try to
make it part I got bark oh do you think
you jump something up there again I owe
some powder your pocket look are too
you
I just wish I could've jumped off that
one dude yeah that was very sneaky and
put all three outs even gentlemen dear
they're all your ass now you really
right we're gonna go to a spear at now
it's where all the cars I wear fancy
wraps and peasants for San Diego and now
there's some workers down by the roof I
bet they're checking to make sure I
didn't you know mess it up or maybe
they're going up there to gym yeah it's
not the height not that fond just go
down till I am playing
sores quit making me film today we're
going to be testing the durability of
the handle in the van because this hams
crap and I wouldn't be surprised to the
grow your black eye and three two one
mom of your son tennis break the
car-rental it works your brain doesn't
work oh my gosh click they'd already
been all right I don't know if I stand
but I don't know I think it is it's you
know while there were yeah so they know
so they know because you know there's so
many other dark blue are eggs out here
oh please there's actually one gold one
that I posted today on their Instagram
and everybody was like yo that's totally
tanners it's not not gold that would be
cool but it would be normal so now yeah
my brakes are still not fixed but my
tires are good well you're about to see
a Tesla Model S the first time ever
oh yeah that's all this to say there's a
Ferrari every time you come in here
there's new cars there's another Ferrari
down there all black so I'm pretty sure
I said this already but my exhaust is
done in my car so now it's going to
sound like Luna I'll go to the back of
the car
oh they're like bright blue one and two
moments day to do that
I'm always hot back here bro
cooking 1/8 yeah so yeah my new exhaust
is the armytrix exhaust a huge shot of
them link in the description to their
stuff and they get a steer apps for
putting it on same people that detainer
pancha so if you guys are car people you
probably already know yes grab it that's
loud oh my god
our neighbors going to love me even more
so I can always turn the exhaust off if
I don't want it to be loud
not going on that backfires no fool my
ears are not used to this like Cantor's
ok I'm going deaf though he's already
there it comes with this little thing
where I can turn the exhaust on and offs
on the keys hip-hip-hooray
I guess you can keep these a little
longer now that would savage that would
be one hours I've ever heard
we're always so close thank you that's
dangerously close
what's raised today want you marry my
girl look I cannot do today I don't have
to say Frigidaire was melted his brakes
don't work but I'm dumber rap do tonight
I do finally me cheese on there it has
been well in six seven months and again
I've seen your Twitter and your noggin
Oh bro we're all like not talking each
other walk I know exactly we talked
about this just bitch about we can't all
be a fight all you want the knocks were
racing so your brakes perfect okay his
brakes a really bad wreck it just click
great today Tanner's going to pull
around back wherever my are it is and we
can't race today I'm sorry
I need my brakes fixed first but our
cars haven't met yet so we're going to
have them go me right now dude these
colors already look good together
yes I love this out-of-focus permanently
broken lens no way yeah do you like this
is it is it good is it recognized Brooks
quarantine your SD card my camera yeah
yeah it's broke
let me drop my camera right there yeah
the lens is broke you can see it's
coming out it's literally now I'm going
to have three broken lens in the closet
of memories take this one's awesome
throw it away
no I'm kidding at home yeah I'm gonna
bring it home buddy yeah
ah it's loud whatever right now oh sure
I was just told to scare everyone in a
five-mile radius guard go so Glenn and I
both like Tesla Model X's which are
those minivan looking ones but they're
super fast and norm huh yeah they come
up looks like your spaceship slash
Batmobile
and we both like them though there's one
over there and then there's one back
there it's not so good this one's like
brand new or you can use my close the
door like head position show that looks
so crazy
you can like open all the doors from up
there I like to control oh really
dude it closes pretty fashion and round
even like if there isn't like those
doors against the wall you can turn so
we can still open even though there's a
wall that can open as much as you can ah
and then it stops that's awesome thank
you for letting us in and thank you for
whoever owns this and dropping it off so
I can get in it well I was going to
drive separate my instinct was to go
open my car door and just go I'm on
crammed in the back oh my god latches
right here as long as it's kind of scary
hi guys we just went shopping I got
stuff from Paris because I'm a nice
boyfriend and I hadn't ever brought her
anything back from all my trips because
I can't take growing all my trips you
guys I don't know that so I wanted to be
nice I got us some stuff we have you -
yeah so since I broke my main camera I
might just go get a Sony camera that's
basically with all my friends let our
bloggers switch - I've never touched
went out but Tanner has one they've you
know let me test out real quick so
memory card in it yeah I'll just take
this memory card in it and we'll see and
should I use it for the Kodi contest
Dylan I don't on your videos - yes of
course is he alright guys we are heading
back to the hotel for the night I can
edge tonight because we're going to be
meeting back out with Tanner and a ton
of other people for cars and coffee
tomorrow at St RAF so it's going to be a
lot of loud sounds and colorful exotic
cars so guess who's doing the outro
where's yet Dylan Paul he's a big fan
and I don't now in the boyfriend of lkx
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made
