hey sleepyhead let's go outside I gotta
go mmm
goodbye rose goodbye what is going on
guys today we were back in today I got a
haircut Quinn yeah I noticed whenever I
do this I look seven but when I'm ready
to dish I would go right it'll look
better later but yeah we uh we're going
to Los Angeles today just a short trip
but I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna miss
you ready reach the garage door here we
go got it that would savage huh these
Tunes Great Plains are very exciting so
I'll see you guys whenever we're there
wow wow wow I'm just getting real
encanta okay maybe this will work nice
give me your but on play here many of us
often guys new car dream car my channel
check it out this better not be your
dream car there's no TVs in the back of
any of these we've looked everywhere we
really wanted a chrysler pacifica or
whatever it's called the one that we had
last time at TVs and aux cord at HDMI
headphone we literally could have played
Xbox in that old van but no we can't
find anything like it these are our
choices right here we got grey we got
white we got grey we got white and none
of them are cool so I think we're just
going to have to settle and this time we
had to take two flights to get here we
couldn't do the one straight flight here
because they only do those flights on
Wednesdays and Saturdays so we had to
have a layover and we just now got here
it's already five o'clock here so seven
o'clock back home and we left at noon so
seven hours traveling super boring Bob
that's been forever like why is the
camera like I know we were spoiled us I
know I drove that van whenever she was
getting tired and had a headache it was
so much fun
by that instead of a truck oh I'm so
ready to try this new restaurant oh
there it is I've never ordered something
different from here another meatball sub
oh my god I wonder if my exact handprint
is on your butt off weird check by the
light let's do another teleportation bit
Wow
all right guys guess where we are right
now does anybody guess here's your hint
right there it's backyard where China
Fox's house we did not tell him we're
coming over pretty sure he's not home
right now we looked at the window
earlier and we think we saw his mom it's
just yeah we're in his neighbor's yard
right now be kind of quiet now yeah hold
up I'm gonna get a roof for you who's
there do the doors just open what we can
just walk in the door so disease oh I'm
sorry tanner if you're watching this
we're gonna break into your house yeah
hey guys there's me now that my tattoo
doesn't hurt whoa actually cut her
ankles heal though let's really break
our ankles never tried this before we
trekked scooters last time we came over
on Team arrow to Ali's then all anymore
trick I got to land one trick not upside
down upside down still landed just wrong
way okay last try no dice
I don't
like on a newsroom no antenna
you're wasting electricity oh here's one
of these dudes our kingdom is always a
rock sound check us out
know what I used to be really good at
this okay nothing else we need to clear
a girl let's take the right okay ah what
are you doing here we're waiting for
Terre des hommes you know here's what
how to get in we just went in the back
let's do Sora Kirby here's a mustard
garter what's your phone my phone is
dead and sitting in our van here I'm
over there cause I'm thinking then rises
nope nope Woodward west have you ever
been there oh yeah trampolines well it's
like a computer it's a scooter camp and
they listen indoor trampoline work Joe
any cookies that hearts up there to
resit oh really
yeah I've been there hey somebody wants
to talk to you hello what hey it's
Tanner I'm in your house right now where
are you at we're chillin with your mom
in the living room what why because we
didn't have anything else to do and cuz
I'm awesome and they want to hang out
exactly not just Quinn yeah no I'm not
I'm not your house right now that's why
we're all in your mom's phone yeah I'm
on your mouths closed no I believe I
believe that your house but I wondering
is really knowing my reversible no no no
I didn't think that far ahead
that's a good idea Joe I'm like actually
very fun way around
okay we're probably going to go get in
our hotel maybe and then we'll probably
come back over all right say thank you
we use your trampoline blue blue
okay yeah we'll see a little bit yeah we
gonna remove dude no no no no we are
sharing a bed I don't care I I know I
planned on okay yo this might be small
but I actually like the guy that booked
this hotel because we get our whole
hotel room door so never happened and
there's a pool and I'm I in that roof
right there that one right there it's 4
feet deep that's deep enough for me I'm
not even gonna have to is I'm really
gonna jump off and socks I didn't care
it's called savage life he chose to live
damn Jake Paul for life we're gonna try
to get up there I don't see any hotel
staff that's lower like the most lady
he says he's talking about this roof
yeah I already showed him yeah okay all
right here we go
we got to get on this roof
oh really okay all right
he's a sign it's a sign the roofs gonna
cave in I was going to get her to leave
everybody 9:00 a.m. - that's a 1808 okay
but I couldn't do it wasn't meant to be
her most cool clothes mom the pool is
closed I was ready to go
I was ready to ruin the shock oh crap we
both left a room without a room key
what how are we going to get back into
work we're getting gospel Waldman
there's the man I'm looking for
that's a pretty car long time no ggr I
missed it they got louder where my ears
got weaker I can't get out see I saw
your videos like the five foot flames
damn but it's always packed okay so take
the picture we'll take the selfie buddy
okay
they're waiting though they're waiting
how do you yeah it was right here is it
confusing in and out was good and
crowded we're going back to town turns
out that commerce tolling on the table
right now waiting for me to get in my
car if you ask nicely
yeah sorry watched you what do you think
he doing okay are we recording every can
be - louder actual a tonight bro -
Hannah brown guard killing right now wow
this feels good this is a world first
ten squared Q and a I think I think it
is actually how they just dude how did
you guys become friends YouTube no
Alicia he made a square video and he
like yeah
called my name out in the video yet ten
eleven Cayuse for like three of his fans
tweet me I was like why do I keep seeing
skids name yeah I went on Twitter went
on the HBO saw it commented on the
YouTube video and I like DM did on the
April key other to work and then he blew
up like the next year I'm like 11k like
a million in like too much I remember
Damon gave me at 700 K and I made a
scooter flips in the pool video and I
was like I was like you know I was in
the Dairy Queen parking lot and he DM me
back and I was called my mom was like
this big youtuber I was like freaking
out was crazy oh now you're in my bed oh
my god who's the better Tanner well I
think Tanner is honestly I'm well yeah
there's Tanner as well well I mean no
much for real
I know but if you think about it
Tanner's really good but then Tanner
also I've learned a lot of qualities so
I mean like they're both I don't even
know who to go with I'm going to go
ahead and go with tantric well I'm to be
honest I'm probably better guitar hero
you're probably a little bit better
scootering and that's it that's all we
got going for us really
howdy are a or GTR I like GTRs yeah I'm
going to GTR just supposed to say all
right well you guys ever do a meet and
greet together this is probably like one
of the most requested ones I'm seeing
right now we don't know we've talked
about it we really it's gonna happen
imagine I get a gun it's going to happen
we just don't know when or how we're
going to do it but like I think like a
Tanner squared tour would be dope yeah
you guys would like that comment down
below hashtag category what's the best
video you've ever filmed together my
personal favorite is the cheeseball
video I am I remember weird Walmart and
I was like you should totally get those
cheese balls and we were like looking
around for like 20 minutes
and then he finally decided I would like
set on sprinkles right when I walked in
and we used to go hard on this
trampoline versus you tell us so far
my favorite video we film together is
tramping with Tanner first vlog we ever
film because I came into that trampoline
gym and there's so many kids like first
time I've ever met a ton of fans so
whenever I met you guys I was so high
and I was doing like quad fronts all the
time and like we were doing like highest
backflip challenge that was pretty fun
what did you do think about each other
whenever you first met but you thought I
was an awkward ass because I never
talked during your scooter tutorial like
when I did whatever you got to do he was
a little quiet yeah like we got a long
way after that yeah I watched his videos
and I knew he was like crazy and see I
was only crazy in my own videos back
home like now I'm just myself I don't
care anymore but back then like I was I
acted out so much on camera and like
whenever I came in I was like on his
channel I was just you know I was just
being like quiet I don't know what to do
like get that though cuz you don't want
to like be annoying on oh yeah I don't
want to be lost every stands as a seeker
in Kansas that's what I feel like that's
whenever you feel a bit different
youtuber that you don't know how you
should act on their video on unless you
want to be entertaining because that
you're helping you're like yeah then you
can't overpower them yeah can your god
who has better hair you know I was
wondering that right now I right now
Karen
his hairs down and I look young yeah I'm
well I'm a little lad right now program
my hair looked like that before I got it
cut today I just got it cut it's not
fair you a cut in taenia no I got a
Kelly right before I came here like
right for you on a plane but I usually
like your hair because you put it up
like we had the same hairstyle for a
while oh who could base more me probably
do a little bit yeah hi
that sounded like a sound of fact he's
taking the goal around he probably does
he's just better at it not that he could
bake more I hate to think like who's
that girl I get jealous of your
thumbnail sometimes I look at they're
less Minox well I'm proud of my I make
them myself we're you guys ever raise
the RNG jar well we can do that my all
right here right now it's already I
forgot about that it's like literally 30
minutes away we can do that
I didn't mean I think about that I just
get well yeah my breaks are fixed mama
care like it doesn't matter yet and II
work I think
favorite bands other than Big Time Rush
and Guns and Roses rolling I'm not a bar
a ban well I'm a rapper you're a rapper
now yeah definitely a rapper for sure
fuck right hey losses in the cut curly
me my friends are talking about that and
like we were talking what would my rap
name be and they're like Lil B or
something I was like I am never good no
guard
enemy how's your neck I've been worried
for a couple days
I'm completely fine my neck does not
hurt anymore I know I'm like completely
healed
I guess it's completely healed he just
said take it easy for a few weeks I took
it easy for a few weeks I took care of
my neck unlike my tattoo but my tattoos
fine I talk about it too much when are
you two and your girlfriend's going to
go on a double date together in LA
actually first time that my girlfriend
ever met him and his girlfriend amen
yeah we went on a double date to that
one place three us yeah breather did we
call Calibri oh that's where we ever
either we have double D I swear we had
lit bro but like the twist was it was
actually Tanner and I am I'm dating yeah
Taylor and Paris were just hangin yeah
when will the our I'd be down I'm pretty
sure you meant to say done um I don't
know Karen's gonna pick some of the
questions now who is more of a pic
ureter - to be very picky I used to be
or not that even I'm probably more
people today with the subway actually
tries a a lot of stuff
good so who has the better profile
picture Oh me right now bro you seen
mine on Twitter no it's me running with
a popsicle I'm not yes and rose from a
vlog I haven't even updated my Twitter
I saw the square bro who has the bigger
hand okay I almost the saying exactly
only track and we're both like what my
then yeah we're going by they saw not
only twins
exactly oh we both are the same name -
I'm going videos what youtubers yeah it
says click you searched Tanner you come
up first oh oh there you go laughing oh
yeah I'm going to change my last name -
awkward box austere box who is more
immature that's really hard ha ha ha oh
man that's really hard I was thinking
about the off-camera jokes here
I don't know I'm for the shoe I'm
knitting go ahead and say it you also
could I've hung out with Tanner and let
me tell you this kids while if you only
day news I showed him a hard drive I've
seen the hard drive and I made him sign
a contract couldn't roots like say
anything I didn't leak it though like
the package version all right we're
going to pick a washbowl runner are
everybody saying that for the last
question don't even question we're going
to wrap together as you guys know little
foxes rapper little GART is all you're
sat down I mean you know that right good
love gardener Trey feeling dead no guard
coming night now I can never make a song
because everyone's gonna I'm going to
say would be like will cart went hard
this is called cushion money okay bro
the pictures actually like cushion money
this YouTube video has a picture of
cannabis and a Federal Reserve Note this
log is over my boy don't got over / -
it's low I don't give a duck I make or
quack like a duck roll the freaking
outro they wanted this drop a freaking
light team Ted everyday rule it ain't my
fault little fox and the dark here we go
straight from our frickin partner well
we didn't make a song screw the tour
screw the tour guys they brought me low
fostex lugar sit here at name bro
well it sounds a little far okay guys
time for me to go back to my hotel I'm
going bed little guard out let's go car
down the track we'll see you guys in the
next video guys i was watching don't
forget like at your friends if you
enjoyed subscribe for new and i'll see
you guys next Anja well it ain't my
fault my thought you came and looking
like that you just made
