well God is just one day three o'clock
and you check my channel and I haven't
uploaded it's because I died from one of
these because they're everywhere he's a
little worm so on look um yeah are like
I don't know what they are look there's
another one right here I don't know if
there weren't but they look scary and
they're all in my bathroom too
I don't know how they got here in my
fell apart my intestines yeah they're
all dead
none of them are alive see there's
another one right there they're all dead
they're all curled up and it's chair why
that was alive
oh there's one up there it's chilling
tell mom I haven't told mom I'm not
scary at all night little worm
caterpillar hybrids in impede killers
what what's in there oh that's right
nice and sure I gravitated equation
under way there's purple mine's like
blue yeah yours is more blue oh I
thought they're both purple what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day we are about to go bridge jumping
Chelsea bridge same bridges last year um
same bridge that cops went to and I've
said in recent videos like yo as soon as
my tattoo heals I'm going to that bridge
so if there's cops there and it'll
probably they'll probably know that I
like plan to come there and they're
going to be like you know this is
illegal and here's your fine and you're
going to jail I got to go with the pink
slides with the cats on them because my
other slides broke in yesterday's video
and I was going to bring my wetsuit so
maybe I could do some really cool stuff
I'm not think I'm gonna do that anymore
because it's just going to rub against
my tattoo and think that'll feel very
good Jeron is at 98% and I took off the
plastic cover like a lot of you guys
were saying you guys are saying that's
why it looks so blurry in those drone
videos so hopefully that fixes the
problem I got my hands full of drone
stuff and my chin full of a wallet on a
phone or let's go
thanks Quinton oh you're the best hey
you're missing three of the six legs
yeah I know you do but it's here okay
thanks we got to move all this Merc
stuff out of the back we got big
shipping tubes and my mom's on the phone
now soon hey buddy don't do it because
your tattoo is going to get messed up
and I tempted nasty water yesterday and
it's basically healed long it's
literally fine and a week and two days
we'll figure it out okay I love you
Quentin's tow rope is coming in clutch
again cause we don't want this thing to
fall out and we don't have any straps so
we have to find a way to keep you down
you want to clay are going to join us by
the way accordant be a bridge humping
video without the clan
ITEX Romeo the guy that did my tattoo
and he says I'm good to swim at least
for a little bit into the lake so now I
don't have to worry as much and I can
just focus on having fun
flipz I don't know why I just showed my
nipple instead of the tattoos ready to
go let's do it the bad thing about this
bridge is that it's so far away like
it's an hour away basically from my new
house especially when you have a
trampoline in the back and you're
driving your truck and then a chair it
follows you for like 30 minutes so you
stop by your dad's house so the sheriff
will go away because you're scared yeah
we'll be there in a little bit though
we'll see you guys never they're trying
to have fun time and hopefully it
doesn't get ruined Oh make that an
hour-and-a-half drive that was
ridiculous I'm sorry that took forever
nice not your fault just a long-ass
Drive are you ready I'm using its house
with the metal pot yelling we need your
help
it's not a lot for me that's how hot it
is not hot at all
I am shut up now you kidding me Quentin
it was like a two-person job
yeah usually does doubt it oh I
flashback to me landing on my back here
so scary what's the rumpus room
yeah 112 one like yeah Landon we're
checking the channel and apparently it's
like two days off of being here since
we've been here feels like a year Dylan
still checking the water for us
server that dead fish we caught like we
caught so you should go under the water
to check it is it good since you check
the water you can jump first and I'm
going to jump right where you jumped so
I feel safe Wow but I bet you forgot how
I was I forgot any fun
how do you can say exactly I know it
might be too windy for the drone I don't
really trust it that thing's even
smaller than the last drone and the last
drone slammed into the side of the
bridge if any of you remember that so we
might go without it make an edit with
the camera is that like a fire hose or
what rope bro that never worked and that
was the one when the cops came on it
apparently other people come to this
bridge now go wow
oh god I was that well here you're hot
there are some shoes next with it oh no
I don't I see you there time oh I'm
doing God please oh boy
what's this Oh blogcast on turn on yeah
love you this is for the edit this is
where the edit starts picture
yeah I have to do at least one crazy
tricks because I want to feel like I'm
adventure tale at the YouTube game gets
my head you know
Oh
I was it it was great hurt a little
well Tanner said it's a fiddle
really really for me it wasn't us this
time few pictures we had a ticket I got
break your damn heads house me to do a
whole lot more paperwork I want to do
this everybody get a move on it I think
this is everyone ah person I don't care
if you jump out of your trampolines got
to give up but I've got a park down
there in LA I yeah you're going see that
one
alrighty thank you no way pal get the
phone just come back I talked it over so
I was so nervous like I thought they
were going to like complete that's the
first time they're really old in circle
you know what's pissing me off drinking
that from my vlog hi
thank you that's on the lever 2017
that's them however these very expensive
confident I know all right
truck is parked down here where it's
supposed to be I guess I never knew that
but yeah we get to keep having fun just
had to put the trampoline way no big
deal I already did the trick that I
wanted to do so hey
oh I thought he's gonna belly pop like
the balcony sitting front look you did
it
yeah just beautiful it's not any of us
sighs we got off it I'll go faster come
on sweetheart you can throw you little
lip here
oh there he goes hey Kevin o'clock we'll
try again no like like that Dean look um
I don't bill that horse party yet Oh
drat by the neck you Club stuff Rebecca
I did play some ball yeah wake up well
somebody face metal shear force you got
it
yeah oh good okay are you hearing colors
sadly so for your funny to suit many yes
why do you throw my slides off where are
we going to squat down and then jump off
like I'm going to government like right
that was rehearsal everybody close
reverse man stand up he's going to walk
down into the water and just come up
before
one foot yeah he wasn't planning on that
boys about the tile rock to this rope
along his rope jumping into the rock to
take me along he attached to the rock
yeah we're not going to tie him to the
rock brother sheriff's gonna come back
and be like alright perfect
he's going to stand on the ledge and
jump off whenever we throw the rock up
it's a real tight drive when we throw
that rock off you hold on to that rope
and then into your way to the row into
your way to the rock to where you can
almost feel the rock and just hold your
breath get a big breath your lifeguard
this could be scary I'm sorry to get the
game they write music you
you got it oh do I go rock you
disappointed everybody no escape no it's
always going first yeah well there was
all that I know cool there's all that
build-up for nothing alright we're going
home doesn't one of my bathroom when I
got home one two and three there's too
many of these little whatever they are
they're scary I don't like and I can
already tell I'm about to be sunburnt
tomorrow starting to hurt but yeah we're
going to go ahead and in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it we
brought back the bridge jumping I did
one good trick so that's all the matters
and after I stopped filming we went and
we tried to get to the bottom we
actually did and that people used to
tell me oh yeah at the bottom there's
like a truck and then there's like a
washing machine you don't don't even go
down there you might hit it one of these
times yeah it was all mud she was all
mine yeah I think you so much watching
this video and don't forget to leave
like unit area friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next one
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made me fall
