okay so your birthday's Monday yeah and
you're kind of a person that's hard to
buy for yeah so I got you something that
money can't buy love that too oh I'm
just got done editing and then they're
like yeah come in my room okay you're
going to meet somebody on Monday if you
can go to LA who kendall schmidt from
Big Time Rush's oh I'll go he doesn't
show onions waiting Monday my birthday
month yes my new year birthday we're
gonna have to reschedule my birthday
party adadz
okay yeah I didn't even know about it
okay so he does a show called toffee
with Kendall and he was wanting you to
be on his show
oh I've talked to his mom his mom's
making sure his mom on the show is
really cool too okay yeah yeah this is
the actual mom for everybody has no idea
what's going on I love leech on Rush I
am I even care like a time in joke there
I have a whole playlist older stuff yeah
so and Kendall's from Wichita and his
parents live in Wichita and so I talked
to them and you're going to meet them on
your birthday and you want to you can
record this another part of the next
your exhaust on your car is going to be
done by Saturday and I'll be able to do
both of SC raps has this big event on
Saturday called cars and coffee or
another tone nimbala yeah so you can
have a big crowd and you can do revving
all kind of stuff in front of people you
spent a nor Fox will probably be there
so you can just make one big trip out of
it you won't be able to take the direct
flight to LA because it's the wrong date
should it'll be like a Friday I'm going
to go back yeah I love LA okay bye-bye
how do I say what is going on guys today
we're back and today
cheresa go to Grandma's kinda wanna go
to Grandma you know what we're gonna do
we're going to go to her nasty pawn yeah
follow me on like everybody else let's
do a test game follow me cuz everyone
sucks that I'm gonna grab a shower we're
gonna grab a shower
here we go no let it know yeah okay I'm
not going to grab a shower probably
going to be coming with us
I've wanted to do this for a long time
last summer we zipline and fell in her
nasty pond we're just going to go make
sure there's no sticks or anything and
hopefully that is what we're going to be
doing and if it's just so unsafe and
disgusting then maybe we'll do something
into the pool again
you guys know why the somewhat odd
I don't we'll figure it out but ya know
I'm happy because I was just chillin
it's on three o'clock I'm and crap all
day between besides Etta and I yeah then
they still remember me Big Time Rush one
of the guys on yes and listen listen
this is Big Time Rush's phone room on a
Friday afternoon they all they all know
it don't act like you don't know I hope
you guys are all having a great day
today and if you aren't go pack your day
full of fun stuff go do some fun stuff
live life to the fullest man
even if ya wear your retainers doing it
because you haven't worn them in three
days and you're scared that your teeth
in like big gaps in them and you're
going to be ugly again like you were a
year ago and then always then you
realize you're still ugly and you're
going through your awkward stage and you
have temples yeah that's why we need to
find stuff to get our mind off of that
stuff tag myself a bag with one pair of
shorts and my macbook that's only nice
pie hey it's my dad someday my tattoos
going to look like yours and I be able
to swim I'm gonna get a new one you're
going to get another tattoo that's gonna
be a big wiener in fall oh one off my
chest I'm going to get in a nasty pond
feel around for six like when we go in
there if I was you
why because of that tattoo it's not
going to infect me yeah well trust me
it's basically healed up look I don't
know if I do it yet there's a guy in
Texas has just died not too long ago
from that he got a tattoo and went
swimming and lake and and got
affected in it and it killed him where
we go on this adventure you can get some
cookies I'm stealing from cookie how do
you jumped in the other pool it feels
really nice we might end up doing
something in there because my dad gave
me with telling me I'm gonna die if I
jump in there because the pond water is
just sitting there in the heat gain more
and more fungus and bacteria like yep
better word we'll go look in case you
get dirty Lina's get the hose and fill
up the bathtubs
Wow four of them I don't know why my oh
he has them for fishing you you sit you
sit in the bathtub with her fish come
into I actually think you just put them
under water wait for the fish to go in
then you just grab mount or a came
fishing maybe okay
yeah there's Brum see that because he
here spawns it's a poop brown thanks so
advertising I hope they all thought oh
gee that's like a good-sized one
oh whoa whoa that one's just sitting
there he's not even scared oh dude this
thing's gotta be like super high this
this in the Sun all day like it's got to
be a nice temperature all is the heated
pool another water some say hi baby
shut up I'm going to totally ruin my
slide bro I can literally piss on this
and make it cleaner you bring some baby
ducks here and keep you in terms of
those Ducks game it's a perfect height
for jumping I just wish the water was
clean I've told my grandpa no more time
let's play somebody dig it out and then
make it just like a ton of fun but we've
been saying that for two summers now so
oh my god almost said I wanted zipline
and then just let go halfway yeah that
would be so fun getting the zipline
would be such a pain
well it usually falls off grandpa's
poems and blue juice oh that no orange
one
mango punch that one looks good too boy
hey that's better than I'll ask it oh
forget it
Boothbay how are you we're trying some
juice oh man if we start off thousand
views so how are you going to step in
you're going in and your jeans are you
that's enough golden button you better
go get something a lot that's only about
you know creately yeah we're good get on
in there I'm scared you gonna hold this
yeah I've got colic super-funny
relatively are you gonna lose to my
little bitch and now I'm waiting for a
turtle to come up on Mel's life the
farther you get out of maybe they get
not wasting I'm joking with my shoes
just think they yeah I just broke my
slides when I totally ruin my slide you
right in half okay maybe I'm not going
with you tried to add this to the pond
after we're done to my freaking legs
they're just so nasty if you jump first
I will put your link five times before
there's any other letter in the
description oh yeah I bet she's going up
guys I'm scared for him me and my broken
shoe are going to come up when's the
last time you've done anything like this
it's been a long time realize that I
jumped off your balcony yeah exactly
we've got it it's um flip off this
before we were in there I was like well
this isn't scary I'm going to hear I'm
like well I'm not going to do this don't
hit this by the way zipline you don't I
get to stick up the but I know I'll just
jump for that oh there's a turtle right
there in the middle
go jump go grab it oh there we go
oh you went all the way under there
I put my legs right out like what
Turtles gon do it it looks like you
pissed because there's so much like dirt
all around you now I have to do it
grandpa's come in and collect important
can hold the camera I was going to do a
double backflip now I'm just going to do
a single back flood because I was going
to do it in his shoes his shoes are
super super muddy some are my legs so
I'm just going to do a back flip land on
the natural water and fall backwards but
inside up here for like 2 or 3 minutes
so I guess do as we do this is it
grandpa
are you ready okay done a million things
like this are you sure you can't do yeah
69 I can't wait that long 3 2 1 go you
did it yeah ah you can feel the mud is
close I got in my mouth out my nose
though remember what I blew out my nose
what the insides going to dry off this
tattoo almost you pretty scared after
that guys look at my legs that's so
freaking gross alright you can hose us
down grandpa got us body wash stuff
coming off you made yeah guys please
leave a like for that okay I know we
only jumped in once but just look that's
just so gross
it was the nastiest thing I've ever
jumped into is literally like a lagoon
but for animals so worse I'll meet you
in the shower I don't have a pair of
shoes anymore I have one pair of shorts
I'm throwing those underwear away but
we're going to get some juice for you
had orange it go good you can paint
panties you got shush is there a secret
ingredient in this yeah jagged little
vodka you know there's still dirt under
my toes that wasn't there before but
this is not all oh yeah the buggin is
that's a bug with a bug oh now he's
flying dude let me get it back it's all
yours a loss due to something give it
back it's your kill not mine you'll kill
me as soon as dude this thing's scary
you take a blue and blue and red yeah
blue and red wha okay did you bury your
food he won't say did are you going home
yeah alright goodnight babe we're going
to go home and take another shower and
then go to the gym we're hanging out
here I'm going to spend the night here
with Logie and my brother my sister and
everybody
let's have dinner I feel I got need a
second shower as well but I'll take that
later cameras going to die soon we're
going to go ahead and we're going to go
on a four-wheeler a little bit we had a
go-kart but he was drifting and he made
the chain go off and thanks Logan
laundry gosh dad please push your film
you wanna film sure I hope you hold onto
that
Wow
Oh God
well guys there was a little bit of some
scenery at Grandma's house
are you ready lucky let's do it well not
us but Dylan Dylan is here now still
just got here and he is about to do the
zipline into the pond he's going to let
go and he better let go because that
truck way over there is when you were
slam into ready oh I'm so ready you got
it
and like how I go oh oh that you better
grab it a felon with you dude it fell
right there like a foot in front of you
keep feeling you feel it yeah I got it
okay
I was enough like you bro that could
have landed on you that's things heavy
yeah I want to kill kill three two one
you got it locate Wow
it smells so bad there done it yeah my
guys ready to go head back to the house
now I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and say yes so what's watching don't you
leave like insurance to enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
next one great screams
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
