you know you're the only girl I've ever
met in my life or boy that bleaches
their crocks to make them look new their
pearly white yeah actually do like them
what are you going on guys today we are
back in today hope you guys are all
having a great day we're starting this
vlog off a little bit late it is six
thirty nine right now in the afternoon
even it's just Paris and I right now
check this out I got this in fan mail a
little out a keychain thing I'm saving
this for whenever my car's done I'm
gonna put it on my key ring I'm hyped
for that oh do have my spare keys that
whispers go in my car so I can totally
unlock my car right now dude let's get
him you should totally gonna fall for it
but yeah I wanted to film another
overnight challenge because we haven't
done one in a little while I pretty sure
the last one I did was at the lake was
actually River yeah we went camping I
done one in my phone pit the beanbag
room two at the river so I had you guys
tweet me what we should do because I was
out of ideas and I still haven't checked
them when we check them right now
driving all night overnight challenge
yeah no thank you they want you to that
in the beanbag room again now they
really want me to die because I almost
choked on them yeah it was bad
everyone's saying to go camping or to do
it in the back of our truck or to just
do it on a trampoline so I don't think
I've ever done it outside on the
trampolines only inside that's a tough
phone what do you want to do besides rub
my hair actually feels good please don't
thought we have one trampoline with a
Nashville could be safe from like the
bugs and the monsters we could put my
big comforter on the top of the net
about two hours for your stars so we
have plenty of time let's go do it right
now right now right now right now got my
mom and my brother and my sister all on
the way to come help us because they
love and they support us and everything
we do yeah we're definitely staying the
night on the oval I don't know if we get
the blankets across the top of the net
oh boy and it's so hard on our holy crap
you think we can even cover the top only
the night however you want to go I can't
put a rustling yeah I wanted a roof
maybe for like this part or maybe on the
other side spread out the middle oh if
we can't get the roof we're definitely
putting it along the sides oh so shade
oh boy I want to run sale close I don't
wanna take them off there you go now
this one will go in okay what look at
that
okay you were bad at tell me thank you
for there barely miss five in and was
like whoa there you go okay I'm gonna me
ride on my head by leaves
that's right pillow tonight okay come
into my crib there's some shade and
trampoline and some blankets and one
pillow I got scared yeah that was easy
huh see that which is an attraction sign
here since it's all like detective I
feel so much more safe just with these
that's like yeah back books yeah how
about a double ooh
one of them went off only one of them
went off so okay we could replace that
easy we're gonna have to take it easy
guys I don't want to keep putting up my
walls we're saying if we would put a
roof wouldn't be able to do any tricks
at all alright guys we are back outside
I got a new pair of underwear on we got
some grapes I had to go change the
doctors can't get up on this trampoline
because there's no mini trampoline look
at them they're mesmerized by these
grapes these would kill you don't feed
your dog's grapes Luna get off op op op
op op Go Go Go Go good girl
alright yeah the leg just fell on
whatever to go we'll go we'll come back
for them that's what's inside of this
trampoline leg everybody freaking bean
bag beads look you like my mom you never
record me Ava
ah come on jump up here jump up jump up
here luenell do it come on jump up you
having fun by themselves they don't want
to do it also if you guys haven't
realized I'm probably not going to be
putting this in my room
this me that was not the best experience
I mean there's still a ton of fun but
you know my neck and stuff like I just
don't really know if I want that in my
room or really anywhere so I guess I'll
leave it there Luna has disappeared
Rosa's the only person here well she's
not a person but you know what rose up
on there see if she'll go
she still wet she jumped in the pool oh
there you go yeah come on come on
through
you can there you go good girl off as
soon as I get my Audi all right back you
better believe I'm going to be doing a
24 hour in my finished Audi r8 challenge
except I'm not even gonna filming like
that's just going to be me driving what
time is it right now let's see um it is
905 I wonder how long she'll stay she's
probably too afraid to jump off she used
to be a daredevil faceplant off the
trampoline and such but this is our new
house this is a family I think we should
get a better house than this someday I
think people are expecting slips on
these maybe a little bit you want to
show us a flip yeah you do have flips
and all this let's put rose on there so
she can watch us and what suppose do a
flip your back foot into a front foot
because it's the only thing you do I
think what's first
uh whatever you want hey still got it
land it land both of them you got it
yeah no I think I messed you up by
saying landed I'll try something forget
start before I can't be any more you sit
with Rose so this is the first Cody
since tattoo I'll talk about my tattoo
too much I think everyone can agree on
that
whoo Wow I know I could double that oh
you see this with Dylan all the time we
do frontal 180 and we do it Cody like
this like more double back and I'm some
laying down there we go good jon moves
inside we can't go get her get off the
chair please
Rose we're riding solo tonight unless my
mom opens the door what she will get
stalked around nine-30 like completely
dark so probably about 30 more minutes
it'll probably be like one of the most
fun ones we've done well I've only done
like one with you one or two it'll be
one of the most fun ones that I've done
mostly because it's easy it is 933 it is
basically pitch black out there's a
little bit of light in this guy I don't
know if you guys can tell I don't know
why we're chilling with the pillows we
don't have a blanket though we're not
going to be safe for a while but I kind
of have to what other choice do we have
which one which one a little baby one
that one's not big enough for both of us
are you kidding this one's about to fall
anyway so let's just take this one ooh
now we can see if Rose and Luna come
Rhodes left us by the way are you comfy
kinda yeah there you go from there we go
we out here we are still protected
don't worry there's just an opening
right over there to resist that up and
now nothing good nothing whole be safe
we'll be fine yeah we should have tried
to make a roof with something because
there's absolutely no stars out tonight
anyway so maybe when it gets super dark
like 2:00 a.m. I don't know if I'll stay
about maybe midnight midnight we'll
check it out how much percentage do you
have I have 1820 zone 27 yeah looks like
we got about an hour of Netflix combined
let's watch some Netflix right now we
have to agree on it uh no horror movies
I hate horror movies choose continuing a
family guy yeah I agree I worked really
hard I'm taking a picture of myself
every day for a year and then sending
the photos to an emotional song
I was in love the way okay I can't get
copyright but fun fact I've been taking
a picture myself ever since my fuck what
I've taken a picture myself every month
since April 9th 2014 yeah this is
episode whenever Bryan is do we have
kids together you ever seen that one no
pretty funny Wow look in the back oh my
god there's a little demon kid oh wait
wait wait
I remember this episode the demon kid
comes up looks Town Square gunshot oh
yeah he comes up like you're scared
that's funny
yeah sure we're thinking about selling
the house guys it's been about maybe an
hour I think it gets good can you hear
that it's me hiccupping how do you like
that Paris oh that I'm the one with
hiccups now go say goodness yeah the
neighbors have a giant bright light
right now it is 1034 okay they're just
not set their garage door them like
better go off soon because it's too
bright literally we can see it through
the blanket stars are coming out a bit
can't see em oh they're finally shut off
you can't go to bed yet you can't go to
bed only ten-thirty gonna get a bed
right now you tired
mm-hmm mm-hmm how to have your
girlfriend sleep over at your house all
you have to do all you have to do is
become a youtuber and then be like yeah
can your daughter come over way to film
I was kidding her parents don't care
that I told my mom last thing I'm my
friend huh really
yeah she watches here it is oh no hi
amber
hi guys it is 12:53 phone is about to
die I'll try to use it as a light real
quick but uh yeah Paris is asleep I'm on
the Goliath trampoline right now
everything was covered up on my face and
I was sleeping by kept feeling bugs like
right in between my eyebrows I swear I
felt like three in the same freakin spot
all the dish mosquitoes or whatever I
got such bad mosquito bites from my
grandparents the other day actually it
was yesterday filming that drone video
like right here on my ankle but I'm
gonna go back to bed I'll set my alarm
for like 4 o'clock I'm gonna set it on
Paris's phone because mine's about to
die I said it's like 3 or 4 I used to
sleep on the trampoline all the time
whenever I was like you know 12 Dylan
and Quinn and I used to bring all of our
pillows and blankets out here and we'd
cuddle I remember one morning we woke up
and Dylan's older brother took a picture
of all of us cuddling and threatened to
put it on Twitter
I was pretty scared we've been doing gay
stuff for a long time yeah I'll see you
guys in a while I'm not even that tired
anymore I'm like I'm woken up now but
I'm just going to go back to bed so yeah
I will see you guys in a little bit a
car just went into our driveway I lost
the challenge I got off the trampoline
interested who is it oh we got
McDonald's you guys got McDonald's you
know what time it is it's one o'clock
okay well yeah we guys scared me I
literally I kept seeing headlights and I
I don't know it's probably fans or
something but then I look over and I saw
one go into a driveway and I was like
what the Frick that's just us we're not
tired running late night when you done
freaking tired Parris's what are you
gonna sleep this whole time we told them
the blankets off of our wall Tristan was
we had to so we could sleep on a food
what is wrong with this light it keeps
turning on and off even though we're
standing in the same spot I know when we
were trying to take like a picture for
fourth of July
yeah chapter jnana ah I've been awake
since a little bit after 12:00 and I
can't get back to bed I've just been on
my phone my phone died and all I have is
Paris is now okay good night this life
in knowing me hey if you have the dog
sent him out here because I'm getting
lonely
hi guys back to the trampoline I'm not
even that freaking tired like at all but
I'm actually try go bed this time I said
I was going to bed but I I couldn't go
to bed so yeah I'll hopefully see you
guys at like 3 o'clock Paris's phone is
about to die as well yeah she's not
gonna wake up got to write to bridge so
it was a little bit after 3 I am going
right back to bed I'm too tired to stay
up right now so yeah I will see you guys
in the morning
alright guys it is morning now we are
outside still I got a pretty good
night's sleep after I finally got to bed
Paris woke me after she got it before me
yeah we don't know what time it is our
phones are dead yeah jump up here you
can do it you can do it Jimmy Luna no
three dress yeah good girl and look at
this see that that's water
apparently sprinklers got on the
trampolines that trampoline did not get
hit somehow and then those sprinklers
are still on over there
half of that trampoline soaked half of
that trampoline soaked and we were so
close to getting soaked last night but
check it out this one still drives
somehow
we need to reteach her a backflip if
she's strong now look at her legs guys
she's freaking strong okay some dogs do
flip parents look dude she's strong now
how it's rose all the way in the
neighbor's yard rah rah come here shock
collars right not works anymore their
pool open yep
Rose is about to go for a swim I'm gonna
go get her row rows can be swimming
right now
Rose come here hey we need to up the
shock on your collar don't we play in
the sprinklers or something then there's
Lunas you can't get past because first
shock collar actually works we should
have picked up this drywall because now
it's all soggy I brought in the mascots
though they're all in the garage I
received to bring that stuff inside
there's like a gigantic trash can right
there from all the construction from our
neighbor's houses so I mean we can just
go over and throw it I guess I've just
been lazy that's my fault you ready to
go inside yeah we're going to it's
actually a good thing we had our walls
because whenever I used to sleep on the
trampoline as a kid I'd wake up from the
Sun it'd be so hot like I'd be sunburned
on like half of my body we'd stay up all
night and then sleep into like 11:00 and
then like half my body just burn but
yeah guys I guess that is it another
overnight challenge and that one wasn't
too bad I was pretty fun ready to go
inside Luna huh
I bet Rosa's right back in the
neighbor's yard right now but yeah guys
we're going to go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and the kid so much for watching
don't forget to leave like enjoy friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one yeah
hate myself st. Paul
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
