what are you going on guys today we are
back in today it's the same day that I
just fell in my last video whenever I
prank my mom still in my pool full of
Orbeez did I actually do it tell ya the
fool of a pool is filled so ya
yesterday's video was a bit quickly I'm
sorry about that
we did fill a pool with Orbeez and I put
a cool edit at the end if you guys
missed that you should definitely go
check it out it was basically trampoline
vs. Orbeez but you know the pool was
just you know better clickbait just like
my album go check it out iTunes by the
way if you guys won't see another album
I can make another one they want me to
make another one soon or equal to don't
know we just made some pizza for
Quentin's channel he made a video today
yeah yeah I did oh my god first one a
month this morning I went to the gas
station that gave me some breakfast and
I realized it never sure so I looked
around in my car I had this one from fan
mail this is the back this is the front
oh thank you to whoever made this it was
in my car under my seat so I never saw
I'm sorry so I had to put in this video
we're going to be firing up my drone
today we're going to go to my grandma's
house we're going to be doing
hide-and-seek with the drone whoever
seeking is going to fly the drone try to
go find the other people with the drone
and hopefully it works out it should be
a lot of fun I'm gonna finish my pizza
we're gonna head to my grandma soon and
hopefully don't joined us in isn't late
because that's all he is comment
Dillon's new nickname that involves late
okay and got a 98% charge I think we're
good to go
and your phone is doing all you spelled
his name wrong just two hours at the end
guys you ready to go right so call yes I
am okay get your car get here where no
what do we need him at my grandma hear
me your grandma yeah what I thought we
were going just grandmas yeah are you
tired this is a minute I don't want to
drive all the way endeavor is ended no
we're saying go straight to his
grandma's why is this so confusing I'm
not dropping you back off the home I got
to get home man I'm really busy tonight
and I don't want you back of an elephant
hyung someone go home yeah he lives
really far away from me doing he was so
far away I'm gonna take one of my
parents parcel okay good enough
well you that is yeah we're heading out
to my grandma's I cannot find my wallet
anywhere guys I don't know where it is I
had this app on my phone called what was
it I'll
yes and you're supposed to be able to
track stuff I can track my keys I have a
title on my key to a white square and it
goes ring-a-ding-ding you go on the app
on your phone and you press the button
you hit fine and it'll ring so you can
find it having my Bluetooth off
apparently for a while so it's not
connected to my wallet anymore no idea
where it is I thought it would be in my
garage I said on top of my Audi whenever
I was blowing up that pool for
yesterday's video what I do know is I
couldn't decide which mascot I wanted in
my room but I think I'm going to go with
a normal person
maybe the t-rex we get it he has a t-rex
mouth I don't think this is going on my
room I don't even know what that is no
idea it's frustrating because I lost my
wallet in LA once and it took forever to
get my new drivers license and
everything
and since our credit card got canceled
I've been carrying cash around so it has
a ton of cash in because that's all I
can pay with it's kind of sucked
all right had to take a little bit of a
detour Ty Cobb thankfully they had my
wallet apparently I left a year so
shoutouts I hope they have my ID they
kept it and everything I thought I had
money in here but apparently I didn't
maybe I didn't not important I had my ID
so now we go to my grandma's and I sat
in there for literally 20 minutes for
them to hand me my wallet sorry boys
which stuff mine would have been here
faster if I had the RA or if I didn't
duck I'm kidding I have been suck but
you know what's Tanner's memory whereas
whoa it is suck I know I'm ready to fly
this baby who's it first let's decide
that right now my fingers on my nose let
me get you could be under stuff but you
can't be like through a door to where
you'd have to fly through a small space
that's like you know just somewhere in
the open yeah it's got to be someone
that Bob got them hiding under that Bob
can you really tell me that your members
of remote controls to this yes I did and
it's charged yeah now hiding inside
vehicles only that's just just for yeah
all right so I wasn't shown here one of
these take one of these said this one on
top grandma hi I'm flying a drone we're
doing drone hide-and-seek I just thought
I'd say hi okay love you
so the seeker sits away from like where
yeah yeah because there's a whole
backyard guys and then you have to use
the drone to find them yep you can't get
up and follow it how do we know that you
found me with the drone I'll just like
I'll probably like get really close to
you and I'm probably surfing back and
forth okay yeah sounds good ready okay
so how do that time
because that's where that's where I are
because well I could but you yeah yeah
alright good
hit record no SD card inserted grow
alright so we're going to just be
trading off my big camera because
Quentin's USB is what we're going to be
using thank you st not USB right micro
Quinn's phone will be the face camera of
whoever sitting in the chair seeking
yeah we're we rolling on the drone
hopefully we have a lot of camera space
all right so you ready to go hide y'all
go I&C or you're going you can see what
we're going hey how much time does he
have crap crap crap crap crap um I don't
know where to freakin go alright I'm
just going to go back by the pond I
don't know where Dylan's going oh you
can hide up there fine whatever
oh I know the perfect spot I'm gonna
hide I've been the thing where we jump
off the we jump off into the pond I'm
going to try to remember how to use this
thing
that's one camera thing oh that's the
other okay alright you said one minute
so we're going to wait until the little
recorder on my phone gets a minute 25
seconds ago you said one minute at 25
seconds dude this lighting though I'm
going back by our cars I'm gonna see if
he can even find me right here
I'm just gonna sit up here and my phone
is dying very quickly we'll make it go
up a little away I want to keep it
straight the ho there's something in the
little the lens or whatever
I hear the drone I can't help it getting
closer or not just really loud I'm
waiting for the drone I can't see it yet
there's trees right above me a little
bit he just has to fly it over there I
hear it I hear it's getting louder I
still can't see it though angry when I
see that you've sold in there smile
I didn't say let's make sure I don't hit
anything worries a little oh god did
this patron I see I see I see it's not
moving song he has to see me he has to
see me yeah he found me okay whatever hi
out all right um okay he didn't tell me
actually fell ten or so good news I
think I won this round already okay so
I'm at seven percent all right how close
was Dillon to you um I can tell you HOT
or cold from right there
go ahead go a certain way um medium I
don't know
wait let me know left to right warmer
warmer i red hot red hot chilies my pawn
I don't know exactly but I seem laying
down maybe yeah there is he's sitting
down bow this is like an actual video
game we're sitting here watching it I'm
gonna make sure I don't miss a zip line
either wait I thought he was right there
is he any not I could've sworn he was I
thought I saw him laying down on that
what did you do man no I wish maybe it's
like oh yeah but before I do I know I
was up on the I was up on the thing
above the plant and he looks absurd
above me he was doing this I was like
okay down me so cool watching you okay
my turn my turn
take my camera my turn alright I'm gonna
set that down you keep rolling there's
me hi alright now that I know what it
can see I know where to hide can I
actually I'm with you because I don't
have a camera I'm gonna hide relatively
clips I'm coming for him I don't know if
they're ready or not but ready or not
here I come ha ha he's never gonna find
it
Quentin was so right about looking out
for trees like I don't think I'll hit
any trees because I'm really high but
I'm just going to check by the pond
first I feel like they're hiding in way
harder spots than I did look what just
go oh there's this one off thing you
think thought on right now oh there's
the pullthru watch right I don't know
I'm not sure I know there's like grass
in himself only we should I can't afford
nobody on the zipline nobody around the
pond I don't think is the lens blurrier
is it just me I'm very sorry about that
I can't I can't see the Joanie
nobody by the vehicles I guess there's
me I feel like they might be messing
with me they can be right by the pool
because the resolution is a very
villagers I'm guessing Q once you get
cooking that was go here I cannot find
anybody and I'm like freaking out let's
wait until he's kind of going like is
the other side didn't get on top John's
gonna run out of battery before I find
anybody it's are you 50% if you don't
top of that to just keep like voice too
much yes might be wondering why are you
such an obvious spot well you just
checked here so if he does it again
you'll be like and I was up here earlier
in tain't quitting could not find me so
no I saw you you did oh my god they're
right there they moved i checked right
there what the heck daelin dead it's a
CERN hopefully they get over here quick
because this thing's definitely gonna
die yeah these blends are definitely a
little bit blurry I'm sorry about that
guys I think it's because it's so hot
coming in hot full speed captain you
need to choose your spot yeah Daniel 50%
on the drone hope you guys enjoy
watching Dillon try to fly this thing
he's gonna land crashing okay look this
goes down this goes on and if you're
about to hit a tree let go of everything
and then go straight up or straight down
wherever you have to go I am are we have
to hide together again why not yeah all
right we need a funny spot for the
thumbnail I might just get up on that
thing and see if he even notices like
red for the tree
so right here by the three elementally
me or not but use my spot
I'm gonna get up here do I'm gonna get
all the way up are you sure
sure we're soon was only a spot yeah I'm
kind of in the trees I see yeah he
definitely did keep going down hey it
says low battery it's gonna die
Dylan is screaming that it says low
battery so he okay guys the drone died
as expected we couldn't do any more
rounds but I don't think we were going
to anyway that's the classic three round
rule hope you guys enjoyed it we tried
our best you can't really hide in like a
really hard spot then they would just go
on and on and then you know it'd be like
one round because the drone would die
but still hope you guys enjoyed this
video and thank you so much for watching
and don't forget leave like in terms of
Ren's if you enjoyed subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace ah hey Dylan Hey do a thing
where you go
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
