you are mine I'm getting ready for the
concert uh-huh
July 27 even have a shirt on yep and we
have these oh you have new hat this is
our new item for the week wait wait I'm
wearing all pink today so uh thanks mom
time you get that exhaust system does it
need to be shipped with your car okay
the guys name you taking my truck yeah
okay I don't know if it'll fit Trista
and I are taking my car right now we're
going to eat so my car will be out of
the way for the all right all right
getting shipped out today I'd make that
thumbnail title but it's you know no one
cares about my car yet because my car is
getting customized then people care
about it like you know everyone else's I
mean cool 4 o'clock today is when I are
going to get 4 o'clock today my car goes
away have you seen our new friend mom
he's right there yeah what are you gonna
do with him that's a surprise ok BYE MOM
love you too what if you only guys today
we were back in today we are leaving the
house right now my mom has no idea what
we're doing today and neither do you
guys because you guys think I'm filling
my actual big pool with Orbeez well
guess what I watched the video on
someone doing that and it took like 25
million of them I don't have 25 million
and I can't find anyone that will
actually give me that many and also I
like making videos in my pool that's
normal and I just really don't want to
ruin my pool or a liner in our big pool
actually it's got messed up because
they'll be mad at me I know the
thumbnail was clickbait but it's still
going to be a good video
Kristin and I are actually going to you
right now by then we're going to Walmart
and we're getting a kiddie pool we're
just going to fill the kiddie pool with
it and we're going to tell my mom hey
while you were gone getting my exhaust
that just worked perfectly we kind of
filled the pool with Orbeez and we're
going to scare my sister doesn't know
either so I guess I can scare her too
I'm guessing my mom will just freak out
because she's so protective over the
pool for some reason if anything happens
to it she gets mad can you vouch for me
on that
yeah and I also just want to jump into a
little kiddie pool so it'll be a lot of
fun we'll see you guys a little bit I
think something's wrong with your car
buddy what guys look at this person's
car the back of its just hanging off and
they're still driving
they're not even pulled over tristin
ditched me and I got the kiddie pool and
some goggles came with it that's pretty
cool now this guy's trying to tell them
hey back to your cars falling off and
then again I was trying to fix it or
break it off I can't tell my truck is
gone so that means my mom is gone which
means I have the whole house to myself
to put some ovaries in a pool
all right you're just in time to help me
okay there's a kiddie pool I could have
used but the dogs chewed it up first and
used it for a video let's put it over
here someone can't see it
Yeah right turn it on I better start
putting the Orbeez in now because I
don't know how long I'm going to take
but there's about 50 of these little
packages and they all have 10,000 little
Orbeez in them buy it let's get started
you ready go ready
D'Argo's might even look very cool this
edge is so tiny right now Rose get out
get out of there okay guys they've been
growing for about three hours now
they're still relatively small we're
still gonna have to wait a while and I
just I'm really scared of my mom looking
out her window over there and seeing the
pool so I'm going to try to scoot it
back over here move those chairs out of
the way so I'm going to wait awhile and
if they're still not big by dark then I
might just finish it in the morning my
mom should be back in like an hour
though so we'll see them all right it is
now four o'clock the Orbeez are not yet
grown last time starting at my car for a
while I'm going to miss this put me out
er8 on the big truck right now so we can
send it to San Diego I put your foot on
the brake and then put it a keyboard
yeah and then switch it over to
automatic bye push push that over to the
left okay there you go and then you just
have to put your foot on the brake and
put the right now I'm not got it oh yeah
all right I'll meet you down there this
is weird seeing someone else driving my
car
he's doing good job yeah there are every
neighbors like him a lot better yeah
does I do I'm guessing that's the huge
truck oh yeah that's a big truck all
right there's a boat in there I don't
know if there's any other cars
yeah way in the back yeah that's a photo
I think it's a boat how nice would it be
to have one of these trucks on hand
there's something so far out there if
it's fixed and mine's a dick okay I seem
like a bunch of supercar videos where
they get theirs lifted down and then
it's like their new one but yeah there's
there's the exhaust Omnitrix thank you
I'm sad to see it go but I can't wait
till its back and beautiful make a
special trip probably out to California
when you have the exhaust done
oh yeah we're going to go check up on it
in San Diego I'll definitely see it
again before it's completely done
yep
yeah so close
now the fun part but no the boat gets
the bottom barely fit it's crazy all
right goodbye already all right I'm
going to miss you so cool is it all good
yep good morning ya know the next day
guys uh where where's Rosie no she's
probably outside here guys it's roses
birthday today July 16th
it's now present day that I'm uploading
this video she's one now and she already
snores me where she at I already treat
her like it's her birthday every day so
you're going to the merch place all day
we shipping elevated pins my health and
so on which by the way I went to Walmart
entry of anything they have back school
tip up we're going to have backpacks
three and a half potential cases all
that stuff very soon so don't buy your
subject that's not no hopeless the next
week or two we can announce that you
know how old it you can announce it now
they understand it's not quite there yet
you know how I was talking about how I
didn't have a video idea and how
University yeah yesterday okay and you
know how I bought those Orbeez like this
I didn't buy that many but I bought some
I kind of bought seven million all right
and they're in our pool right now you're
lying I'm not lying
Marilyn you remember being so yeah the
liner fell off but I put the Orbeez in
just to help support it so now it's fine
that's why I couldn't film anything
yesterday and while you were gone all
day yesterday you plug up the filters
and stuff no I'm gonna kill you I didn't
know there are filters yeah that's how
the water stays clean you've gotta be
lyin what it's right there
oh I hate you guys I told you I want
always the pills right there moms okay
yeah you know no come lucky this oh my
god
yeah for real I went to Walmart
yesterday look the dogs even got more
Orbeez off yeah that's great but I went
to freaking Walmart yesterday right went
and bought this pool filled these Orbeez
up doesn't even look like there's that
many you know how they big on your
bathtub last time yeah they only got
this big no Walter aren't they in there
like a couple days down oh we were in
there like the same amount of time but
this time they're so small are these
like cheapo Orbeez that just don't work
I guess what it still feels good and
yeah Irish glad is not my bathtub so
yeah yeah hey do not go into that cover
yeah you better open it all the way holy
crab rose and Luna really just went to
town they tried to bury a mom I left him
outside for like 10 minutes this morning
they buried the or be very surprised
they didn't just tear hole in it and it
isn't actually in that pool imagine if I
actually would have put Orbeez in the
pool
yeah our liner is actually messed up
it's not supposed to be out here like
this it's it's messed up for now be the
plan was for after the prank I was like
okay this thing is going to be filled up
it's going to be like a foot deep and
then I was going to have Dylan and
Quentin come over we were going to like
put this on top of the other pool like
do trampoline slips onto them I didn't
even care about my tattoo or whatever
but they're so small and like it's not
even worth it anymore now it's just a
really quick baby video that's not that
good and I better not get as many views
as I was hoping
you know you might as well jump in this
one we need some action shots come on
one more edit kind of like scale
go away today
gross drift route I'm still scared to
get in the floor because I
pretty boy
giorgia
I'm not a spy
yeah
Oh
backyard is such a mess now look how
many orders are on the rock but yeah
guys that has been the Orbeez pool prank
super quick baby video I'm going to go
ahead and get a shower and get ready to
film another video because it's present
day
so thank you guys so much for watching
this video and don't forget to leave a
like enjoy the parents if you enjoyed
subscribe he knew and also you guys an
excellent you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
