oh sure how are you good I feel like
yeah I met you before yeah are an order
or neighbor and that is before yes I did
like a mini interview there yeah small
town yeah so my mom just did an
interview about leaving your car
unlocked leaving it outside yeah don't
do it yeah I have fun I'm gonna go back
inside
what is going on guys today we were back
in today
yeah my mom was just getting interviewed
by the news for the whole stolen truck
thing hey what your dentist thing quit
drinkin oh no no they said I had no
cavity so I ever I had for my
appointment I wouldn't go if you guys
watched yesterday's video we did a
photoshoot in my house and all of us
we're just doing a bunch of balcony
philippson with a foam pit and there's
so much fun so I want to just do some
right now I just got done watching
jackass 3 as well that's such a good
movie that two bars a battery will make
it snappy first trick morning
warm warm up this thing needs to be
fluffed it used to be white collar
because we just have the bean bags under
then the foam then the pillows then the
blankets now it's just a bean bag
instant filler oh I didn't feel good oh
boy like it yeah yeah look at it she's
gonna jump out man down good three two
one yeah oh oh oh I did it I was broke
my ankles poison to them there gosh dang
it a logistic crop oh you guys better
believe as soon as I'm able to swim once
this is like two weeks old or something
we're going to bridge jumping we're
doing a ton of fun stuff apparently
picking up my truck from the shop my
mom's is right here still dented
affiliates picked up it's just going to
sit here yeah I'm about to go home my
mom is meeting me there with drywall I
think it's called bitch because I saw
this video from the Dudesons where they
jumped off this thing into this foam pit
and I tried to jump through this little
wall I guess and do the shapes and I
thought I'd be really cool to do on my
trampoline I would definitely do it into
the pool except for my frickin tattoo so
yeah it's going to be excited I really
want to try this hopefully it doesn't
hurt I've never touched whatever we're
jumping through so yeah I'll see you
guys how Quentin is here let's do it
don't do it huh
hi were you guys start quite doubt come
over already
all right miles
okay bye all right yeah so we're going
to film and I said it involves the sheet
rock and he's like are we going to fix
the corner downstairs or Luna Chu I was
like my mom wishes anyway yeah we're
going to be making human holes and I'm
gonna jump and throw him on the
trampoline you got to flip to him and
you have to do at least one because it's
just how it is
this is Vaughn he's going to be helping
us make our shape we're going to be able
to make four different shapes and we got
four chances of breaking it so I'll get
one you'll get one you only get one clay
get one or bigger you should probably
lay down so I can trace you so if we're
going to fit through it without getting
hurt I think our circle should be
probably this big oh gosh my shoulders
don't fit curtains too big
rectangle trampoline is going in the
shade so maybe we can survive this it's
hardest Quinton every other state in
Spain go this one big after you Quentin
lie on it like you're doing a Cody and
I'll trace you I've never done one
before a bit we'll now you didn't get my
finger sorry okay you can stand up there
no it's good looks like a dead body
marker we should test the durability try
Flyman on my head are your assignment on
yours no please I'll have it on my own
it feels so I could be sold it feels
kind of hard oh I don't know about this
when I use this side okay ready
oh I didn't commit all the way you
should commit oh alright
they finally made it Dylan and Claire
here and there's our mascot yeah did you
guys took forever you're jumping through
first you have to jump through the shape
on the trampoline try to fit through
yeah yeah wait so how are you how are
you gonna put it up though we're not two
people hold it and then someone on the
trampoline jumps oh you'll probably say
are you kidding me no you'll fit well I
got to my arms like that this is going
to be going to lift it onto the tree yet
look down here I'll help I'll lift it up
to you all this little spider oh that's
really tall I'm glad yeah yeah
there's no way I can get ready figure it
out you gotta figure down oh what a
challenge jump through without it
cracking you get a point
oh I got scared for like my god there
you go it was the one two things not for
hold guys get for being late what are
you doing I'm sorry can you slow motion
replay of whatever that was quitting
hold this I want to punch through it
yeah punch through I sent us this
couldn't do it garage oh yeah no I can
make it through this oh yeah why didn't
I give this one here is a dike you is
yeah this one's going vertical Oh your
wall I don't want to bounce you and make
you fall fine okay excited go now okay
ready I should be able to do this pretty
easy three two one
oh those me I would've dove off the edge
okay I'm gonna have to jump
okay land in the middle and then jump
back out what I don't know if it didn't
work yeah there you go that's perfect
perfect enough kind of a sagem okay
ready go in and out here we go burger
oh you can't jump out of it alright
overall like this is a precision test
ready
you did a great so one I know and you'll
meet a hole instead of you yep that was
kind of up there thank you smells like
coconut - what okay we have two more
shades we do I'm inside in the foam pit
dirty the foam pit but it'll be so much
fun let's do one inside and then we'll
do one more out here we're going to
paint that guy and leave them here as a
permanent member of the game I clay it's
your choice what shape do you want how
big is it
yeah his business funny one make like a
dabber something with a china at all you
should dance to it should we just have
it like that
standing ins with this beaten you're
done I just beat her like different size
shape and weight thank you this martyrs
bodies finding earth-like life examples
I'm feeling no one else is gonna get a
jump through this we're gonna have a
second mascot successfully one arm t-rex
is the newest master it looks like what
it's good retaining from Lemmy what old
and bred I'm gonna have to jump so high
and your body completely when you jump
up there be like yeah I'll hold whatever
this camera okay go go jump through that
key back does that count his reverse
Weiner his God his reverse Weiner his
jaw broke off yeah
now me and couldn't karate chop our you
know punch turret or 100 K I'm gonna do
it like they break break it's okay then
come back I won't get your finger this
time whoa whoa oh how come my head
couldn't you throw it but everything
else almost it would been waiting right
there oh hi now we're going to go
outside into the foam pit one we got to
go to side a shape that we can all get
through this last shape is a surprise
shape can anyone have any guess of what
it is going on it sir copy day
can anybody guess what it is yeah I got
too hot to my pants Roz I'm gonna have
to belly flop onto one beanbag okay well
this is placed on okay that's like
rotated back a little bit those cookies
right now they're Yellin little bit back
there yeah good okay he goes into corn
because like poppies in the front of
bond okay that good yeah good okay oh
that on my side all the belly-flop not
very strong okay ready yeah
three two one ah okay yeah I'm fine what
that must look retarded hold it like
this - just let me barely walk right on
top so what do you wanna do that will
pay good this one that one was the tail
this is a lot
we have one reply yeah no I'm just gonna
belly flop run table to what I go
through your feet are you one all right
yeah oh you guys this is that's feet in
the house so chuckles ooh yeah I'm
working the trust Oh buddy you're back
I'm going okay
oh you're anytime boxes fan yeah yeah
this way yeah you get my good cold yeah
that hurt no yeah all right well guys
that is going to be it for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it
so so tired it was so hot outside we're
about to just just lay down
but yeah thank you so much for watching
this video and don't forget to his
friends to enjoy subscribe to noon I'll
see you guys the next one hit a my vault
my part you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
