bye everybody bye oh it smells so bad
my little cool off are you sure that's
not the brake because when I was just
trying to guess yes smoking smoking oh
my god engine smokey well we're halfway
down the mountain and we're stuck look
with around a whole lot of nothing oh we
stayed on the brakes too hard film you
let me fill me right now what's there to
film check this out
two holes in these uh yeah we're gonna
be late to the billionaires party she
needs to just fit for like that smells
like tires for sure go do that again oh
yeah we have to cool the brakes off oh
and I never told you guys that my mom my
sister actually here they went to
Disneyland you know they've been all
over the place she's been doing my own
thing in the RV so I'll just see I'm
gonna go back home in two days so we're
back on the road and we're kind of
praying that the brakes don't just give
out and then we go tumbling off the side
of the cliff oh my god I spill
applesauce here Jack look it up it's
okay I have a sock
we'll see how it goes park it in front
of some random guys house we're wearing
Quentin's pants right now all the way up
to the new tips shirt are you sure you
don't want to come into the party and
party well you see I can't hear out of
this year and I can't see out of this
eye so no you're gonna be okay just just
keep doing that we'll be so we're on
like the very corner of Venice you can
see like over there's the ocean this is
like one of the last houses at night the
house glows and we have an air track on
the waters right down there honey we're
going in right now we're going in okay
this house is insane why are we
whispering the garage is my favorite
part
Ferrari
ah yeah
come here buddy gonna play I miss my
daughter
yeah
Oh oh hey all right are you good yeah
yeah are you good
that scared me no no please stop
yeah
jump up these red
this house literally looks like my attic
in house form - it's just completely lit
up I'll be done for the night with the
air track we're absolutely finished it's
too dewy yeah here look at it you can
see the shine on it that means there's
water on it settling in that slippery
but it's okay because there's a cute
baby
movin on that baby look at that not you
jack
yo this 75 year old man really knows how
to throw a party because it's getting
filled this looks like you right I don't
know I guess we're getting a free pair
of pants to Jack you might be a cheetah
but I'm a tiger I've been staring at
this thing since I got here this is the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my life
what
you're in is this his room guys this is
a guest room what ah this is the
ultimate cabin you just get us there the
guy when you go to sleep wow this one's
given my tub a run for the money on
uglies bathtub ever these are sucking
the life out of my little legs you got
designer pants can you flip in them
definitely these are like the modak
sonic stretchy pants and the universe so
we're all just kind of showing out now
I'll probably pick up the vlog in the
morning because there's not really
anything else to film so sweet dreams
we took a hold of the tan cam we got all
the dynamics and all the visuals okay we
it's perfect hey tanner you got to use
this he goes all right that was it
everyone please like joking alright so
I'm super proud of young tank lane going
out today on this summertime trip in the
wintertime to California with the squad
world domination 2018 don't play no
games you're a grown-ass man let's get
it world record longest time for Gucci
shorts worn on a human body I did it
guys we are back home with Kansas we
just got back from the long trip in the
RV with all the guys that was honestly
probably the most fun week of my life
not even exaggerating I've had more fun
in the last week than I've had in the
last two months and that's what I wanted
to talk to you guys about just a little
bit probably gonna be like standing out
walking around obviously I love the tank
lane I read all of you guys's comments
and I see comments like the Fame changed
you you know go back to Kansas we've
missed your family or missed your dogs
I miss my dogs too by the way I haven't
put him in a vlog that'll be in the vlog
after this by the way it snowed a little
bit what the hell I mostly just wanted
to cover some of the things I've learned
over the past week hanging out with some
new friends
Kansas is definitely my comfort zone I
have my car I have my house out my
family my dogs everything there's always
a comfortable schedule here basically I
mean we have my editing setup
everything is right where I need it and
then that would make me wonder like why
am i sitting around feeling stuck when I
have everything I need really and I kind
of figured out over this week is because
I am stuck like I'm stuck here in Kansas
because I feel like I've already done
everything there is to do here I've
already met all the people I want to
meet I have my friends and then once I
went and saw Jack for a week and we just
did all this super fun stuff every day
was jam-packed we went on a yacht we
went to
we were in the mountains run to a
billionaires house and it was just so
freakin fun guys it was so fun I got out
of my comfort zone just a little bit
more like at this party I would usually
not talk to people I'm super anti social
anxiety person my brains running a
million miles an hour and I kind of just
sit there and talk like I don't know I'm
just a timid weird guy for example at
meet and greets I'm more scared to meet
you guys than you are to meet me trust
me I just want you guys to see the best
version of myself and the biggest
message I wanted to share with you guys
if you're similar to me in any way with
anxiety or you feel stuck you're just
sad you know depressed I learned a lot
in that week but every day we're all
getting smarter and we're becoming the
best version of ourselves if we work
hard apply our talents think of it this
way okay your life from this point on is
only going to get better most of you are
probably in your teenage years right now
you're limited to everything you can do
think about it when you're like 20 year
a free soul you can go out and explore
as long as you're not scared - I've
spent half my life being scared and
comfortable in this home Jack's been
faced having me this last month trying
to get me to come out to LA and then
finally I do it and have like the best
week of my life
I love everything we built here I love
my family I love my dogs I don't know
when I moved to California I think I
definitely will someday probably when
I'm 18 I don't know but I know a ton of
you guys have amazing talents out there
or you have skills or you're smart all
you've got to do is apply that to the
world and you can do amazing things I
promise you that the tan clan is only
going up and I will help you guys
through anything you need I try to
respond to a lot of the tweets if you
guys tweet me with your problems I mean
I don't want to be a counselor all the
time but whenever I can be I am the
vlogs were kind of super random in LA I
get that because I was kind of going a
million miles an hour the whole time but
I was having fun so if the vlogs were
kind of you know mixed up it was because
we were always moving so fast I didn't
always have five hours to edit my videos
but hey now we're back home and there's
snow and I'm about to go meet up with my
cousin I think we're gonna go drift my
alright for tomorrow's video yes I'm
uploading this video the day after I'm
not going back to daily but I did have
to upload this video because I missed a
day I don't wanna run out too long but I
want you guys know that I love you I'm
here for you the tank line is here for
you talk to each other in the comments
make some friends my best friends in the
whole world are the ones that I've met
over the internet and like flown to me
it's just crazy the world is crazy and
if you guys can't tell them in a super
good mood because the trip was just so
fun and there's snow on the ground but I
think that's all I wanted to say so I
guess we're gonna go ahead in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it into
case someone's watching don't believe
like me sure the friends be enjoyed
subscribe in your nosy has excellent I
poked you
you just maybe
