oh my god I missed you so is that for me
no that's for me that's about to be for
Luna you better watch it now she's
eating my sock what did you oh my god
today we were back in today
Quentin is back well I'm back with Quinn
we're about to do a quick photo shoot
with this girl named KC I don't know
what shirt I'm going to wear I have the
same one on from yesterday I might just
wear this tattoo update its scab and
real bad can you see it it hurts so good
person but all as it is cute it's all
natural kinetic sand paper on and then
we have an update on my mom's Chuck and
I'm sure you guys have already seen that
by the title and I think we might even
be going truck shopping today new now
look she sits for food now they made the
bones dude I'm gonna mix it up with the
other black tank top instead oh you
can't have his burger you just can't
it's his I asked for - it's okay do you
like brought it under lighting stuff
over so this should be cute
are you ready Taylor jump up get it
apparently there's a TV here now I
didn't know Quentin just pointed it out
to me I don't think it turns on now I
keep hitting power nothing happened I
guess it's just for look oh I'm gonna be
in it we're going to be nervous
don't you yeah she is just fabulous okay
I'll leave you alone
bad boy returns you yeah Tuesday
tomorrow okay
they said you can't be in this you're
ugly it's like a vlog in the mirror Rose
come here
Oh guys we have grapes a little Greek
buns all entities I swallowed one all
they're sour who are they even ready
they're tiny I want to I want to if we
get sick we stick together dude did just
shot straight down my mouth it was a
seed look get the seed out first yeah I
would go even try okay very good
great I'm certain all right so my mom is
about to have to go upstairs for
something so you're the security fence
installed because I feel like we live in
fear now so okay so we're just kind of
updating everybody right yeah so we
can't take very much because the police
are now getting involved in it but what
we can say is we've had help because of
my video by the people in this town
basically helped us find out who it is
we can't say how or whatever because we
can't put anybody else's names in it or
they could get targeted by whoever did
it so we can't leave in any of that but
we can't say that we basically found out
who it is there's the evidence at us and
it's super frustrating I mean it's like
we're going in overdrive now because
we're having a security fence install
like a perimeter around the house with
motion sensors and lighting and all
kinds of stuff like to a ridiculous
degree because we just don't feel safe
which is frustrating in your own home
but the thing is like this this kid I
wouldn't be surprised be as if watching
this video it's like sorry is fine he's
16 by the way and you know so I'm
thinking this kid's probably going to
find this video and my thing is if you
have my license plate if you have the
window the window that was in the back
of this truck where you know where you
ditched it that is what's most important
to me and I
I just know one hand repeating it but
we're going to go through all the proper
channels we're going to do everything
within our power to make sure this kid
doesn't repeat this behavior and you
know that's just the bottom line
people shouldn't feel threatened people
shouldn't I feel like a lawyer well this
is ridiculous because it's like all the
rights seem to be and even if they
convict him he gets a slap on the hand
and I get probation it's probation and
it's like okay if I she stole a truck
yeah with everything that we have now
has a huge lawsuit not paying all this
money yes it's just frustrating that the
police say they don't have a lot of
resources and I get it jails are full or
whatever but if they won't at least
scare a minor into not doing it again
that success rates me I get it he's a
kid give him another chance but at least
do something in it I get another chance
to see like you know shot a paintball on
school property not stole a truck yeah
he's looking at ammo and again whenever
he came so I would actually just love to
talk to this kid and find out why yeah
like II mean we wanted to go to the
pallet you can put them with the camera
but we've been told by numerous people
that's a bad idea we don't want to get
shot or anything we don't know anything
about them so for now this is all we can
tell you guys really and we're gonna go
shopping for her new truck in about you
know when I'm done with the whole thing
thing yeah we're going to go look for
some new truck so I don't think we're
gonna be getting a new truck this video
so you guys can comment on which ones
you'd like we'll probably look at you
know three five twenty I don't know
there's the update on the truck
well this shoppi is still gone hey mom
Chuck her car haha okay no more of that
are you thinking the same color or
mixing it up maybe leaning in
okay I'm thinking like a pearl light in
here whenever I was looking for my first
car
yeah and they had a Mustang right there
we're all drooling and I was all no you
can't happen
yeah so now they're looking at pre-owned
vehicles these would be like cheaper but
this one down here looks exactly like my
mom's old one I don't think she's going
to get anything like that though because
she just doesn't want to drive anything
that looks like it or reminds her of it
because she doesn't want that oh you
like that color like grayish white yeah
I don't know crap about trucks really
big sunroof 2016 the back looks good
cool I like complexity it'd probably get
hot but this is just like the van I know
yeah
271 just like the van it's all
computerized down there pretty cool I
open the back there's a lot of rooms
back here any kind of please do you like
only Hall five people oh yeah we care
about that I really love this one I love
the color I love all this stuff it's got
all my food they eat that and yes
choice number one mom you can't get a
great one because that already has it so
he copied me
he had a study and I had a port oh no
men
almost exactly what I had yeah looks
really being holds up yeah yep has the
fold up to eat yeah this looks like like
a newer version in my jacket yeah woods
on wood yeah this is like - exactly like
yours before right here's a clicker much
quicker
2014 order the 13 yeah no I have 22,000
miles on a bed what is like just a tiny
step out from what I have no son yeah
this is just like stepping into your old
one but with leather seat this time yeah
exactly we definitely have one choice
number two I don't know you're the truck
girl country girl so everything we
looked at has been used we're about to
get into the newer one all these down
here like this I kind of like that one
you lost like your old one yeah brother
mom I look at one hour and I bought it I
know well you had to to choose from old
blues cool that's cool
who cares the claws this is cool
well Toby is hot but I don't have a
summer you want us to melt yeah I'd
rather have the bells and whistles and
that's 15,000 miles on it and have other
interiors all this yeah that can be
choice number three holy crap that's so
big this would be amazing for the
drive-in I'd be scared to here this is
like your old old one yeah it's like a
new version of you little sunroof yeah
dry this is this is the mother vulture I
like the back of it looks cool okay
whoa crazy okay guys we are finally back
in the car we escaped the truck sales
place because all they do is be like oh
yeah this man Oleg another hi thanks for
the ride thank you
ya know from by oh sorry guys it's a
real haven't seen you in so long
a ladder nothing no you would never
mm we were going to do the 24 hour
challenge with this baby but I don't
know if I want to that's the problem if
you guys really want it maybe I will
look she's already and pissed at me I'm
just gonna stick her back in the crack
baby how do you make her smile she's not
smiling for me Paris what do I do you
make her smile Sarah did you throw for
me
oh gosh and she's kind of smiles like no
message no yeah yeah guys we've spent
over day taking pictures now looking at
trucks I'm just ready to be home in bed
so I'm just going to go ahead and in
this log here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching
don't
like interdependence you enjoyed
subscribe he knew and also you guys the
next one I got to take my car home from
here because I gave her my car again I
said it would be the last time but it
wasn't they bond does makers a piece out
how do you do a piece do peace sign
peace peace out peace huh mmm yeah let
me give you give me your fingers she
plays with it oh that's close enough
it ain't my fault okay I know I said I'm
in in this video but now she's all
smiling so come on smile for it she's
smile on camera she's just like you give
her a kiss for all so cute she smiles
you came in looking like that you just
made
