gimme Gago rose rose rose rose rose rose
rose look what I did for you Rose come
here look look Rose look great just for
you I'm not even kidding it's just for
you hey do not scratch it
it'll hurt still hurts what did you want
I guys today we're back in today hope
you guys are all having a great day
because shirt I'm wearing who remembers
who remembers I'm about to go get my
alright from the shop my mom's going to
take me there drop me off then I'm going
to go get Paris my heart it's not done
sadly okay just got new tires still not
wrapped it still doesn't have the
exhaust still doesn't have the new
brakes but it's all going to come
together soon and mom brought us Dairy
Queen thank you mom this one has a
dentist appointment today are you
excited for that me neither
you know what they're going to tell you
right quit drinking baja blast you know
if you want pearly whites like mine
they're like sometimes yellowish and
really upset me then just just don't
drink water be helped to actually just
be used a really good blue raspberry
artic Russian is just ready to go yet am
I gonna have to go on a scavenger hunt
okay goodbye Taylor have fun hi thank
you girls stick it on a singer I see her
and I see your new tires as well they
said there's a lot of construction so
it's super dirty and they were right yep
it's really dirty but it's okay I'll end
up getting it washed again please don't
be a scratch not a scratch no that's a
hair it's a spider way anyway yeah I got
new tires my old tires literally just
look like one big blob there's no lines
left in it from how many times I'd you
know sped away I'm so glad to see my
baby she looks really healthy still a
lot of work to be done but finally the
combination of Yeezys and orange
I feel like Savage and I need gas real
bad that's not okay this thing is left
in the Sun for I'm guessing a long time
all my knee just touch that and it burns
so bad I can't even touch this
god screw this I will that whenever you
just hug me you just touch my tattoo and
are really bad oh yeah what do you think
good yeah
black black what do you mean oh it's
Gavin yeah to her to home Luna it's been
a long time since you get this urges huh
jr. - huh you could have come by and
just like hung out with them if you
wanted I mean everybody got ya you would
think you would have been with Jesse but
Luna did this to the downstairs wall you
can kind of see through it apparently
she was down here by herself for a
little bit and she just bit and
scratched at it why why'd you do that
huh that reminds me I got some new Kate
Upton purser doing to opener with me she
likes the cold floor Rose doesn't want
to come with us let's go ready I don't
know how many are in here I ordered like
five saying that one of them came in
they send me another small one I don't
know if I put that on my channel or not
they sent me another tiny one like what
am i what am I going to do with that you
want it no they're both my claws I'll
let you do the honors if you face it
towards the camera
deal no you did okay this one's just a
lot of white oh this is the one with
kind of her boobs in it I mean all of
them average any but this one I was like
her this is her niche which I've never
understood like you can show your whole
boob annoying nipple like everyone has
nipple point even I have one of those
I'm going to hold it in one spot so it's
easier to censor this one can't go in my
room because I have to censor all the
videos I could put this one in right I
can't really tell there's a little good
and yeah this is the last one but it's
just the original try to get a new one
because does you guys know like the
other one got ruined hey you know to not
just pull on one of the threads in my
sock stop oh you don't think you know
know what you're supposed to leave them
alone
we're going to go where we always go
when we were bored we're going to go say
hi to my grandma I haven't seen my
grandma grandpa a little bit we still
haven't gotten started on my grandpa's
car he hasn't talked to me about it like
it all and we're also going to dig out
his pond so I'm going to go talk to him
about that parents taking over the vlog
part too
no no I gambled this vision on my route
on the lens
I can't Division one hand okay here I'll
get it started this is the best finished
better I've ever seen it little
tomahawks is gold well second best you
know there's mine you're stopped at a
red light go go go
t9 came finger down finger there you go
well that circle is like my mom's anyway
Harris said that she would try to sing
with me because I'm gonna sing have to
keep every time I think in the car she
sister like this why why okay
no person plays their favorite song just
scissor and listen please sing along you
don't have a favorite song we're gonna
sing along right now together alright my
arms gonna dive on I'm singing
okay Coldplay you have to think
everybody just moved your lips to a
stone holy crap I five right now I have
no hands on the steering you now it
needs an oil change apparently so
whenever we shift my car out to
California I was going to let them do it
there so after this trip to my grandma I
won't be able to drive this car for a
while so this is my last time driving
this car for a long time I don't care
I'm going to floor it one last time I
have not have my one last bit of fun /
so you are you ready yes I do it Manuel
yeah what's the menu I'm not that good
Emanuel yeah but I'm going to get there
and I live in a just hold on
that man y'all get better antennas are
not nothing
Daniel so much work funds you can make
it go through all right there okay we're
here oh they move the trampoline back of
it hat off yes nothing oh you're making
Dindin you guys hungry someone BLB you
hungry all I have one without the
tomatoes oh I'm sorry I can hear so much
done you want your toast you want your
bread toasted or not uh no no I feel
like I'm at Subway when are we going to
get your your truck your car done it's
up to you my schedules free I'm back
from California argue again huh we have
to work on one of these days we need to
do it or we're gonna have someone else
do it and then just hey say like here's
the money and then they do it oh that's
somebody else to do it that way they're
good going quicker too because you're
busy that I'm visiting and I'm like hey
I'm not busy and then you're like I'm
busy that's going to be the new plan
Thank You grandpa thank you grandma
you're missing out I'm not kidding we
look all right all the rest of my said
hi all right see you later thanks for
dinner
you're welcome tie that around wants
some Alaskan police show did you like it
I like it pretty good it's called like
Alaskan state trooper or something that
shows actually really entertaining
Parrish remember that one game we used
to play
I'm not having the wheel the rest of
time I'm not having it don't let go you
better watch the road oh there's a truck
comin hey be careful you're on the
you're too far to the right you're too
far to the right there's you know how
much this part means to meet mine we're
going on a bridge there's another trucks
be very careful oh okay this book
follows I'm not falling down you better
steer us away from it I'm not going down
look at the Train of there guys no oh
dude look it's about it's about to cross
change Ranger first first first okay hi
were safe guys don't worry I was just
fooling with her I had control the wheel
hold on with my knees don't worry I was
like what the hangers come flying by him
and he's almost in town he was almost to
the track and we still flying by him
well guys there she is
last time driving this thing for a while
in the same garage right next to this
one this one's out of gas too and very
very gross I watched it once but it just
got disgusting well I got a call and my
trucks ready to get picked up so I'll go
get that like tomorrow the next day put
it in there so then I'll have at least
two of my cars back I'm just ready for
my r8 to be all fixed up and ready to go
I'm so jealous that Tanner Foxx has like
everything on his completely done then
again he's had his longer than I've had
mine rose why do you always sit she
always sits in the dirt right there it's
weird
come on Rose come inside hello be on the
phone oh oh just walked in and he's
filming me let me call your ass today
okay bye isn't that the usual I know
right but I haven't I'm still looking so
that was it so how was your dinner I
wanted to take you out to a nice one but
no my crap dinner and you should have
called me like five minutes I'm sorry I
went to go to Grandma and Grandpa's and
then after I was like one go to this
nice restaurant that I've taken to Paris
two before but maybe the next day we're
going to go take care of her baby sister
soon I think maybe tomorrow so in the
meantime I want to take care of my
actual baby come here Luna you're my
cuddle buddy Luna why'd you have to do
that you put her bed in here and you're
just like you purposely you plotted this
whole thing out you wanted to steal it
from me didn't you like me now yeah bit
go we can what if I take your slipper
will you come with me then look I
ordered this one and it came in small
right so I was like alright so guess
what I already had it in the corner
where over there you see it on the left
I'm so stupid oh my god I thought that
was dog poop is just a poop emoji oh
that scared me okay oh yeah guys we're
going to go ahead and in this vlog here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it we're
back home in Kansas I don't know for how
long I actually don't want to be staying
here that long being in LA really
motivates me and I think all my LA vlogs
were really good and I'm also with my
family all the time whenever we go on
trips because it's all five of us
crammed in the minivan or like I take
Dylan and then we're always together
because
you have to be which i think is better
than me just being alone for like half
my vlogs I like it more I like editing
those more I don't know I'll figure
something now but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I think you had
something for watching and don't forget
events you enjoyed subscribe to new and
I'll see you guys next one Perry
peezy B's out go sing it ain't my fault
to him right now my fault my thought you
came in looking like that you just made
