again it happened again guys that is
like an exact print from this tattoo but
the tattoo doesn't look any different I
want an explanation is this normal I
don't know I don't know why this is
happening and Dylan's naked we have a
hotel to ourselves bro well they're out
getting food again I think but what is
going on guys today we're back and today
today is technically the last day in
California because we're leaving
tomorrow morning early dropping off the
rental car today rental van that gives
me headaches I'm going to miss playing
checkers that's who still hurts beer
wondering like really frickin bad I've
said this in like the last five vlog if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog please
go watch it because there's some
important stuff in the end of
yesterday's vlog that I really wanted
you guys to see so if you guys could
take the time go watch yesterday's vlog
you can skip to the end if you want to
just like the last three minutes even
though it's all a good vlog but yeah
today is going to be awesome as well
we're going house shopping I think mom
we move in here like tomorrow okay we're
still going to be Kansas people I just
don't like living out of a hotel room
every summer yeah we come here a lot and
we all like it here but this is not home
don't freak out we're not changing
exactly and my tattoo shows it all we're
changing no you haven't so you're right
actually we're about to go get coffee
with someone special and then we're
going to go look at some houses Oh
dribbling videos party look I was so
cute back then for you yeah kind of yeah
little remember all those like I came in
to land that so the civil fire boom
sister frickin passed away I missed that
gym I'm itchy time tobaco rotate to
kabooming all the way through the double
front flip how you remember that for the
fricken dude I used to love editing
video right no you do it yourself I'm
the whole note I can't hold it that way
again so the screen that's way too hard
to hold it okay okay we're going to film
Yanks
I don't know they may not go in but
first off thank you guys for all the
birthday wishes
I said things on Instagram and Facebook
and want to say thanks here too you guys
are amazing
I'm not a good camera person like Tanner
as we've all seen but I read some of the
comments from yesterday's video and
we're going to look at houses in LA
today I just wanted to say a couple
things I would hope that when people
watch this video they see Tanner and all
of us grow I grew up on a farm very very
poor in the middle of nowhere and now
I'm in LA watching my kids chase their
dream is it's crazy and I have three
very very different kids I have an
openly gay social whatever whatever how
do you fit written into words really and
then I have done I have this introverted
super smart gifted daughter who's
holding the camera who she's not that
smart take forever in the bathroom one
here only girl I ever had is Tristan
and she pushes herself every day to be
involved in this because this was not
her dream matter of fact she said more
than once I don't know why you guys
would ever want to be famous so I'm
super proud of her for pushing herself
to do that and then Tanner's always been
this crazy awful challenge himself push
everything to the limit I never felt
close never ever irons is close anyway
okay why would I
it's time away from the grind okay we
gotta massage debecker anyway she's
always been that person from the time
that he was literally born so what I see
now is this kid who's almost 17 who's
living in an adult world finding his way
and when he told me about the tattoo I
was like are you sure because I grew up
in a very conservative environment and
thought it was kind of crazy too and it
does change his look but it doesn't
change who he is inside and I just have
the thing I've learned most from my kids
is to be inclusive and accepting and
never judgmental because they are all
different they can all be frustrating
they can all be amazing but there are
such good people and I thank you right
ask you question anyway I just I really
hope you guys kind of look at us as
actual people and see that we're on this
ride too and you know if we get a place
in LA it so that we don't have to stay
in a live out of a suitcase every time
we're here we're definitely still going
to be Kansas people we're going to be
home all the time anyway we don't change
who we are we just go and get new
adventures so anyway I just wanted to
say that I have no idea how much of the
standard family in the video by all of
this that was just beautiful okay we
love you all so much we appreciate
everything you've done for our family
we've literally done and seeing more
than we ever could have imagined and
that's all because of you guys
oh and also our old Merck company they
suck that's what she's running the merch
from now on so if you ever got your
stuff late or you ever got bad customer
service anything like that guess what
it's all fixed now so if you guys want
to go check out the merch keep run guard
calm as in Tanner Taylor Tristan burger
because we're all in there together
Dylan you ready to have some coffee yeah
really yeah I'm gonna drink it at my
face bro I'm afraid Dylan's literally
making me come with them so you can take
a piss in an alley
don't take it there's a girl walk about
don't take a piss is this the place
eight oh one more oh that looks there
yeah you got one of those that are off
Instagram yep
oh my god for here look he's literally
taking pictures of it right now
guys that was Connor Franta he is an
older youtuber he's an OG he's really
cool he's part of the herd well company
that helped make the click play album
he's actually the owner so yeah now
we're at our first house
what's all right okay excuse me
oh not bad not bad okay backyard
five points out of five mother like I
didn't like the front very much but oh
no you just use your frickin uses you
look small next to it
holy crap yeah sorry I'm not a tree
your Park two cars under here yeah I
mean basically gated right so the inside
i'm not going to vlog very much in here
it's not that special looking just out
my bed back home is as big as this
entire room is ready but it does open up
into the backyard so you treat man right
I would just make a big hammock from
tree to tree yeah I mean yeah this one's
all right this one's all about location
it's right like around everything and
yeah it comes with this so let's go take
it let's run put it back put it back how
so numero dos oh I can see the Sun this
is kind of cool too way bigger oh yeah
backyards way different so this is like
so weird
a garage of swaps doing it every year
about to be done to get it crack just
wash your hands and that's an ion we
first got married literally under to the
closet or about Stillen going to go poop
and wash his hands at the same time
we're going to go to the next house
number three Oh
boom boom boom boom
dude that is so view I know it's like
that's not at all
haha thanks for the guitar thing yeah
this is bigger Oh
showers cool and in this room yeah this
room's cool its backyard see ya see you
got a roof you had enough room
trampoline belongs right there I like
how the trees give you a privacy yeah
and then yeah the grotto go down oh yeah
I like that
this is cool like I could live here yeah
keep going oh good luck pooping and
watching the end at the same time here
all that I could do it other like this
freakin bathroom sick that's the kind of
shower that I went back home yeah oh
yeah we could do that I don't like that
facility you don't like the cheese you
threw up last night I did very food
don't mind if I do
thank you okay guys we're done looking
at houses for now I think the last one
was all of our favorite we wouldn't look
at one more but I didn't even film
inside of it because we weren't going to
get it we just went in for fun but right
now we've figured out how to play two
people on the checkers thing like we're
playing to play over two different
screens it's like oh it's great ready is
it my turn yeah you go and put the
camera over here you go am i red yeah
your friend
see look if I do this and I moved it
here it'll go on his I'll do a follow up
whenever someone's about to win
it's getting a tense I'm red he's black
he's here for Portland I have one more
than he does it's looking bad for melon
you just double jump on music company
that's trying to get into our staff is
going to be my clothing line and I want
to protect
winner winner freakin dinner we are
finally now cleaning out this drug we
got two bags full tries I have a truck
with the head a van I don't know why
they don't just let us keep it because
it's gross I'm gonna keep this oh my I
should probably listen to that maybe
that's why I can't do heard my manager
gave me this and we got to ship at home
so my mom's gonna stop by FedEx return
the rental van and we're gonna go into
the hotels going to be on one of those
tomorrow Tristan are you ready are you
ready you ready Freddy
I'm ready it's Larry which one he thinks
can open Dillon which one is there any
that one was out okay it's easy good to
be that one or that one yeah okay I'm
sure no it's cool again no yo yeah okay
okay this is nila did you just breathe
you're the one screaming you know what
happened down south africa a little girl
screaming in that order
it's not gonna work no why I think works
a lot like it to get up there yeah I'm
that absolutely people there and they're
just enjoyment I got the wrong one
I love our feet won't work we grab the
wrong key IQ I'll work even though I
can't even swim with this yeah got a
mark here thank you hey look out the
window down by the pool down by the pool
I'm gonna see if I can see wait where
are you act here to you which weren't
yeah push your hand up against the
window all the way up all the way up on
the fourth one oh hey that's all I
wanted by this kid went out got cold now
we're heading right back upstairs we've
been here two minutes
you guys remember Winnie from the last
hotel this is Wally knock off oh this
works Oh
it works rubidium working it I don't
want to have stupid on cameras I've done
stupid this one word it did not work for
the pool here I felt that knowing this
card works for the elevator and not the
pool gate I work in an action video
course of the thing what do you do
myself there and what are you doing it
really there's a special segment the
hard drives of Dillon stuttering last
mission of the night we're going to get
food it's just downstairs hey that one
that one that one that one one of those
for maybe basically who reaches where
they drop off the food for you it's like
uber but they just bring the food and
leave so we're try that never leave your
camera with me dude look at the Wyndham
I know they look like Jesus hold hello
mom we've been out here forever and my
nipples are freaking hard all I think
you get the pair no I'd be inside whoa
someone got some free food and that's my
first experience with this and probably
my last someone's got freaking thing
well that was an experience I got the
food though okay guys we were going to
go ahead and in this log here got our
food risk going to eat go to bed
Washington flowers tonight and then
we'll see you guys back in Kansas I'm
honestly kind of ready to be back home
like I miss Kansas mostly my house not
Kansas so I'm sure you guys are ready
for some vlogs back home but I'll see
you guys tomorrow so thank you so much
for watching this video and don't forget
leave like a church eventually enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next villain the owners not whose
fault is it online it's nobody's let's
just keep this going
seriously not even my fault and I know I
fall it's not it might be sent in a mine
who did is in is it yours
nope it's the uber ladies
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
