happy birthday to you happy birthday
Justin's awake but everybody else so I
slept on my stomach last night I don't
know if you're allowed to do that I
figured you would be I don't know if
it's blood or like the outline of the
tattoo but it's everywhere it's right
there all the way down here as well it's
like it's like a perfect outline of it
like it looks fine though totally fine
so it's weird if you guys missed
yesterday's video I got my first tattoo
so you guys can definitely go check that
out and the biggest news of the day I
went to bed last night and I didn't even
think about this I was thinking about it
all day yesterday but then I went to bed
and holy Frick alright everyone is up
now in everyone's gone getting food
except for my mom so now I can say thank
you guys so much for 3 million
subscribers and it just amazes me how
much support you guys have for me and it
motivates me to keep going on YouTube
and everything else I had a good dream I
dream that Quentin Dylan and I were like
skateboarding with big Chris you know
and then there was like mud and the
roads and ice like skin on my white
Yeezys and then we're paddling with
sticks to the lake is it weird that I
write down some of my dreams in my notes
on my phone
I can make a video on that leave a life
for some dreams oh you're back with food
yay so wasn't regular bacon I got you
another bread this hotel room has place
and everything in here it's just like in
Hawaii they have it's basically a little
home just took another painful shower
are you watching huh summer 2014 did I
freakin love this video it's like my
hair video ever
oh so this is our old flipping videos I
can't leave in much because I see
copyrighted music good there's cliff
jumping we did get about nutless and we
make John that was so fun that you made
in hose I get stick headed that was I
miss my edit dude I didn't do more Sam
sound we can run it I love you ah day
two with this can you turn down the gaga
one second cake lady thank you stay
tuned with the same shirt on but I only
had it on for like an hour yesterday so
don't comment anything okay I don't care
how much you hated Dylan I hate my shirt
guy how do you hate it what's wrong with
it it's just I don't know I would see
the gobies short sleeve along so you can
do both and I don't want to because I
will gain it maybe I like that but here
is a three of the knee injury or shin
injury looking great
Hey this sure is like slowly rubbing
against my tattoo it's not slowly it's
actually like very violently rubbing I
might go shirtless today honestly
because this like little hole material
now the instructions not to wear fabric
7ro against it this is every fabric look
when you wear like here's the type of
kid who doesn't follow instruction all
crap mom mmm dad bring my backpack
please I better eat some with two
batteries I guess 10 or Foxhall
batteries oh yeah we're going to Tanner
Fox's house yes I brought one yay I'm
uploading my video on a hot spot right
now that takes forever
hotel Wi-Fi wasn't as good as yesterday
and we should what right before he put
the needle on you who's been like Dilys
I don't even like
do it to where yes we're at subway again
what we change their mind we've had
subway ate too many times actually like
one too many times out of those eight
the other seven were great but
understand oh I love you I love you guys
Thank You Paco Sal I'm on the way
the supreme
that was message we made it to tanners
and I'm trying to put my shirt back on
it burn maybe all my comments are right
I shouldn't have done it
oh I'm gonna give you like see you Kappa
because I just I got a tattoo oh thanks
my dogs oh yeah yeah yeah she's a news
flash I know how are you Tanner's not
here yet so what we just like make
ourselves at home I'm sure dr. IRA yes
you can see oh it could've been easy
twins I didn't wear mine today Wow the
one day he's got the flat why would you
- why are you pooping it's like you know
take a selfie and have that in the back
stealing Tanner Fox's car see if my
tattoo actually turned me bad then I do
that but I'm not I'm so good kidding
what Joey has his 100k plaque up
somewhere but his one build should I go
over the comments so I react him read
them a little bit make this vlog about
how I'm a horrible person
what'd you say so we need a load of and
go do that's a minute panic enter we got
to go to SD rap you know the place to
wrap the cars because are we getting
mine done there or what are ya yeah we
probably will Tanner you're still not
here so we're just going to go into your
backyard I guess thinking in the Tanner
Fox's back yeah I've never done
trampolines good I can't scooter at all
this could be the landmark do a tail
whip doesn't spin fast enough no bowl
pretty sure you have to like to skating
I'll try it feels like you're just stuck
actually I told you I told you they
could get the duct tape rubbing against
it yeah sometimes you just gotta do it
hop on and then go it goes fast whenever
you like get going but okay it's bad
ding oh you got to use your handlebars
while you do it
duh you got it bro I can't do it I'm
just going to keep trying
yo that could've been it could've been
it go - what a shoulda coulda woulda
shoulda Cemil Eminem ulema pack and
I want to get the studio geuman
innovative never difference anymore
Nunes then how to give them a get on
insulin the use of Zeynep any another
his or everything for day basis I felt
lives there like I never get more you
try bro and I know I make elevating
music you make elevator music he's trash
gosh Oh show with so much getting see
it's been no phone no wallet and then
I'm going to be able to do I'm going to
redeem myself from went and tried to
teach me a long time ago and I couldn't
frickin do it
oh you almost got it go go go
whatever close enough yeah close enough
yeah ha ha ha let me find let's get the
tattoo in a second bad boy oh god yes
whoa yeah good job
yes thank you backflip any yeah back up
off my hand off the high-five and go
okay guys Tanner just got home woah
order blog junk into my house oh yeah we
busted in your backyard uh what else we
stole your car you say
did you sell my house yeah I got to kick
your roof oh really let's go
you actually want gone sure yeah
actually let's never take your room my
house is an attic though it's mine too
hey come on there really see Europe
anywhere never lies
Tanner has four tattoos right yeah ok so
I read my comments but it's full got
like the worst spot I know giant hat get
hurt this was ours and oh yeah it is and
I was wondering how do you make your
audience still like you could ask my
comments are like I'm gonna subscribe
what well I'm going to resell my only
black I don't know it's just about what
let me let me read you one that I
screenshot is don't read in your room is
so gross ok go go go go
Julie I'm sorry tanner for this but you
have changed so much you cuz not doing
as much trampoline things and now
tattoos what the crap is happening you
you're not the same at all I'm
unsubscribing sorry that's 140 yards a -
I know
yeah I guess I will like you I know so I
says everyone's like disobey me you've
always wanted I grew up with guns and
roses as my favorite band is also named
my dog there's like two things in that I
didn't really specify the
in my video but Rose is my favorite I
always wanted a dog so you can get
tattoos you know Romeo the guy that gave
me the tattoos he looks sick in my
opinions like all that stuff oh no he
looks so cool and so handsome it's just
like they'll get used to it and if
they're not going to matter in two days
it doesn't matter because yeah when I
catch you I love this thing I like it oh
my god my hairs are like busting through
it now like the world white hairs love
it I had this and one of my ankles for
two months I didn't tell anyone so
Tanner's have reminded me kind of Brown
guard works linking each other Sarah and
her brother Bert say goodbye oh I got
you a burger Haut on guys don't forget
he doesn't say enough go ahead do you
think up go check out my murse link
because I don't in denial let my
monitors it looks like a buyout key
Brown very calm go to the shop tab oh
yeah we finally got finish spinners do
we have any sailor wear that was the
white one in your lineup give it give me
give me give me look Taylor you hold it
all off fidget ready dude look at how
fast it's going it's going smooth to
that midget I've ever felt there yeah
we're home bro st rep we got to go talk
to them about doing stuff for my alright
we need someone to legit to help us out
because the people we've been talking to
their sketchy and that's your app is
dead so pretty isn't it so wrap mine
that color no Lambo is gone no Lambo in
Saipan sorry I know about you wanted to
know why car over there's a cool like on
bullet in the GT autumny the scooter
what kind of car it is sensible model oh
the keys really the key looks like the
car we had like 2015 so no idea which
yeah yeah I never said one exact way
we're looking good where's the handle
he's crushing it all open dude these are
the ones we get straight up right on the
side here let me send Emily off-screen
you're going to the other side to ask
whether there's an iPad in here this
thing is literally huge and insane I
never knew how legit these were dude
check out this oh well just a charging
port all or nothing for your I fell
that's it did I never realize we're
going to get it shipped down here just
as soon as possible you can't get a team
together and start working on all the
various things in these done howdy
alright I got we can rewrite what it'll
be here in like five minutes ago
okay oh they're coming here with it yeah
okay so we're going to wait here for
Tanner's new car what tanner for the
hook-up yes thank you
wait wait where's that first time seeing
the FRS god
fella
and we out get them Lady Margaret you
almost ready to go eat okay
hope you had a good birthday in that you
guys want to be in the background in
this real quick just even hold this
actually I love you I so right before we
go I just want to tell you guys that
this tattoo did mean a lot to me and
it's also just you know a little bit of
stuff on my skin doesn't really matter
that much I saw like those comments that
I was reading earlier that are like you
don't do trampoline anymore stuff well
yes trampoline is what got me started
but you guys know I make other videos
besides trampoline and if you watch all
of them I'm sure you like them and if
you only like trampling videos then you
should probably go to Instagram and like
go to the hashtag trampoline something I
don't know let me pull up one more and I
just wanted to address a little bit of
this because I don't know why but this
one like genuinely upset me for a second
I was like do I want this on me anymore
because I was like reading you what you
guys thought of it man it is scary how
Tanner has changed the for the worst
over the past year 68 thumbs up one off
of being funny you see um over the last
year more like the last month I've been
living in some stuff in my videos maybe
a few cuts words I'm still for the most
part family-friendly but what you guys
don't know is over the past like two or
three years you know throughout high
school like any other high schooler I've
been doing exactly what I've been doing
over the past few weeks month whatever
but I just cut it all out hard drive of
stupidity is full of the stupidest stuff
like you wouldn't even imagine yeah I
don't care it's kind of mom but I throw
in one clip from the hard drive just so
they know just one click so you have
some taste your first time do you like
I'm going to be 17 in like exactly two
weeks according to her I forgot so that
means I'm one year off of being a legal
adult which I was supposed to be to get
this bad boy to make a lot of adult
decisions you live in a very adult
did you hear her literally a half my
friends are adult I went I go want to
hang out with literally gigantic
business owners and I'm around them all
the time I swear my brain is like a 19
20 year old and as much as it pains me
because I feel like my childhood is
going I feel like I can be an adult if I
want to I want you guys to know like I'm
a good kid or we said I think AI don't
do anything that would ever hurt anybody
else or you know I take care of people
and I make sure that I'm a good person
because that's just who I am who I've
always been
even if I have a tattoo or even if I
don't
host as many trampoline videos or
whatever people say in the comments that
I hope the people that actually watch my
videos and support me will understand
and realize that because I know there's
three million of you people and
obviously everyone's going to have their
own opinions but yeah I just want to say
that real quick we're about to go eat
and for the rest of my mom's birthday
I'm not going to film I'm just going to
go ahead and in this log here but yeah
we got to go hang out with Tanner so it
was a good day and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and thank you so much
for watching don't forget subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys next
one you do is to your birthday in a
myself wait wait wait like I would in my
tech like show me profession
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
