this is the best hotel Wi-Fi I have ever
seen in my entire life
64% uploaded 65 and there's literally
less than a minute left
wherever staying I'm on Marriott
Marriott thank you we buy a decent hotel
with amazing Wi-Fi we're going back
towards LA because it's just not the
same here and we really came this
direction for no reason let's back them
better than we did last time so this
doesn't happen again break that hurt
maybe this man gives me a headache
because it's a fast-food restaurant here
what did you online guys today we're
back in today I hope you guys are all
having a great day today as you see by
the title wait where's a light at I want
to light oh there is one I was kind of
crap thanks Tristan Ewan got me no you
know first time today I'm going to be
getting my first tattoo ever yeah yeah
whoa okay can't tell you what it's going
to be yeah that's going to be a surprise
good guys stick around watch watch me go
through pain I'm getting it on my ribs
that's one thing I'll tell you you
probably seen it in some nail already
but good to be right here like right
under my armpit you know and I'm skinny
as so it's going to hurt bad yeah I've
never had a tattoo people say like some
people handle it differently I don't
know what I'm going to handle it like
and I'm trying to get him to get a
tattoo just a tiny little dog my mom
would kill me yeah I wanted to get like
a freckle and this is the first 3/4
sleeve shirt I've ever bought before we
go gates is ticking we're going to be
going to get some sick pick by the same
guy Michael stearic I think we're going
to the Beast this time with them because
we always get them in like you know the
hills and we get the same kind of
pictures we're gonna mix it up this time
and this is the shirt I bought for it
says City of Angels I got a couple
didn't huh he hates this shirt I don't
hate it you didn't really you gonna turn
the vacuum loser like oh welcome to our
disgusting minivan
Wow let's get the Instagram shout out of
the way everybody go follow Michael
right now at Michael's barracks guys
just SPE actually it's on the screen
right now let's go to the beach
more
goodbye Michael
we'll see you later goodbye bye I was
just the whisker and shake there you go
you get your seat back
oh we're going to play checkers now to
go get a tattoo actually we're go to
Subway first thing get a tattoo I'm
scared a my tattoos gonna hurt subway
yeah we're a little bit early so we're
must wait a little bit but the guy
tattooing these name is Romeo some of
you might know him a lot of you probably
do if you're liking a little older he's
tattooed Justin Bieber Ariana Grande
lots of stars so he's really big and I
need a shot of my ribs like before and
after you know you pick I'm like you'll
do that for me I love you here's a kid
here is his account he's lit man let's
go find him yeah oh crap nevermind I
can't show you when your some of us work
me this looks pretty cool yeah this
looks pretty cool I'm actually getting
kind of nervous mom I'm getting nervous
okay can they please just put me to bed
a baby this is ribs we're talking about
look at the worst of places it hurts
whenever you okay Romeo warned me that
it was going to hurt real bad I was
looking at its rib tell me it's a tongue
work to get a two she says it quite
where on your wrists are going to be
upper ribs Shh it's at the lower and
upper ribs doors Babbitt the middle ribs
right here like here it's just some
irritation here's some your dinner right
Wow what's the easiest way to get it one
looks like right over your ass cheeks
like that ones the danger and that's
right right whatever I'm kind of scared
but hopefully it doesn't take more than
three hours because it's a long time
that'd be in agonizing pain but yeah
we're almost there and Romeo is taking
his day off to go tattoo me because he's
booked for the next two to three months
which is crazy so that's actually why we
ended our trip in the first place so I
could get it done and yeah hopefully
doesn't make me cry because that'll make
me look very little baby here was a hint
to the tattoo I'm getting you ready I'm
gonna go to music we go I'm gonna go all
the way out not big time rush
this it that's a barbershop hold on
where's it at not there California dream
cat too nervous for you
thanks yeah are you you do it jack
Tanner I'm here trying aren't you all
things cuz their king please you don't
want to cheer like that I was worried
about them being bored with this place
yeah yeah this is literally oh it's an
echo in here can you hear that Terry for
him what okay it's like supposed to be a
painful area under the red dye number
Jarno is your army observable painful
yep it's like upper ribs are a little
bit better right maybe I want to watch
you wince and a little bit man I'm gonna
get chopping board you don't see yeah I
think I drink gin afterwards right oh
yeah that's so cool
okay attention you can't do it war
muffin wow it is almost time Dillon you
ready I'm ready okay because you're
going to be the one recording I don't
know if I'm ready
Romeo's ready all right let's do it it's
gonna be like right right here I'm going
to be skinny so it can't be too big you
know and then maybe one day I'll get
like both you know like when I'm like
right in this area
and you have done is those good again
yeah yeah like that actually
that's going to hurt painful for you
baby looks good to me
I can't wait yeah I just thought what
look in the mirror is that good yeah
cool cool cool partner I've been through
something let me record your face of a
needle going in like Oh
Somalia kind of lay on your side too
tiny bit uncomfortable no I'm good I
look like three hours probably but you
know say you're on then I don't quite
get like two but we're going very bad do
not let go of always wet and I hope the
old Taino in Kampung we would eat no
thank you
Justin Taylor I really do whatever I
make that face
no I so all your thoughts of course
literally doesn't care dude the sound of
scarier than anything else like the
sound they make like here okay you ready
I guess yeah her her bag yeah it is I
will see up to his hand what's the
update
yeah I heard it's looking really good it
feels like I'm at the doctor but it's
never ending like never they put the
needle and it hurts a little less like
towards the right I'm pretty sure but
whenever it was like near my stomach I
was like I didn't think the pain through
I just like whatever
no he hurts like bad so this is before
the shading this is the like this is the
full outline I think it looks amazing
right now it's got the little drip this
is actually from the Guns and Roses
greatest hits album we'll put up a
picture on the screen
it's the rose on the right and then he
put his own special twist on as you can
tell it's got three leaves instead of
two and then you know the little ones
and then
oh yeah asked you so much wet it's
basically going here's the hot on my leg
sweat like you sweat so much I to worry
about to do I'm about to get the shading
done okay started dab in your down ideal
and how the shading coming it's awful
not mushy adult problem you actually
just so pretty cool I'm in so cool I'm
going to cranes while editing this like
being like insane that's all you're
gonna make that shading looks so frickin
cool how about armpit hair though then
you're basically gonna when the dunk
get it done tell me the done oh that
looks anime and Sweden nice it's just
part of the Rose while I was just
colored now two hours what was it I
don't know we didn't check the actual
time felt really long for me but it was
good for a little bit over here out
are you guys ready for this right now
boom it looks so six like glowing red
right now because you know my skin and
it's only bleeding a little bit when you
zoom in get too little blood there you
go but yeah huge shout out to Romeo
there's going to be a video on his
channel of like the time-lapse in pretty
much the whole process so you guys can
definitely go subscribe him check out
his video I'll leave the link in the
description please text me tomorrow at 3
or let you know one o'clock la time
before then so I can put your link
because I'm really bad at remembering or
a little I'm sure but yeah shout out to
him go subscribe them and thank you for
the face to what's wrong but you like it
yeah her but it's cool how bout here you
got a do you guys back in the gross fan
I got it all wrapped up and there's like
plasticy looking thing I can't swim for
a week I can't take the plastic wrap off
for like three four hours I can't put
lotion on for a while I don't I don't do
that anyway who does that
don't worry I bought cocoa butter thank
you so wedding back to the old hotel
right now these are the list of
instructions I got to follow quite a few
do not wear abuse of materials jewelry
or shoes that rub against your tattoo
well if you got one on your foot you
just what levitate everywhere you go
handstands dried blood at the bottom of
the same now you can see the outline
hotel option number two this one I was a
Starbucks and a lot of other restaurants
down there so
okay no suitcase is still out this time
onto my leg cool yeah thank you guys
most confusing hotel hallways ever
there's that way and then that way and
then you go out here and there's that
way then that way to go right well yeah
we're all totally gastly cool hey Javier
please line up oh whoa it is an airport
view Wow oh and we could totally make
that jump into that pool huh suppose
we're on a date god that's why there's
no balcony here yeah I was like why is
there no balconies well these rooms are
freakin huge so it is 9:30 it's been
about three hours and that with the bare
minimum for the tattoo so I'm going to
take this thing off it's getting kind of
annoying oh yeah there's some dried
blood oh it's like still wet have to go
wash it off yeah oh yeah soap and warm
on it look at the light literally
there's like a line of blood dried blood
looks radical can't wait to get out of
the shower and have a thing between and
it is come please this is going to be
here for the rest of my life oh yeah
guys we're going to go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it everybody's going to sleep is
completely dark out now couldn't really
do anything for the rest of this log
because you know this but yeah thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
don't you leave like in truth friends if
you enjoyed subscribe be new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace up
you came and looking like that
you just maybe
