guess what everybody got a special
package delivered overnight to us in
California guess what's in here can
anybody guess can anybody guess come on
everybody in here grab a spinner I want
this one I want to go these are high
quality a yeah does everybody get a high
quality one though
yeah like that so after a month of
contemplating if this would ever last we
finally decided we would do spigot
spinners why not you guys really have
been requesting them on our website and
stuff so we were like whatever people
want them they can have them I love to
just finish personally if I'm sitting
there editing and I just want something
else to do I'm just like these go
forever these are great if you do well
we'll get some clickbait ones that this
is for now for now it ain't my fault
Dylan's back hey you want to test out a
spinner yes hold on my gate closed up
these are high quality dude this is with
one hand
oh yeah we're sorry one hand Wow early
morning City sesh where you come in baby
yeah let's do that
yeah bitch no my love for this van has
slowly been fading because I don't know
if it's playing checkers or the spelling
game but I've been getting some chronic
headaches in here it's so bad a new
hotel room ooh this is cool too I also
got this from my mom's suitcase it hurts
very great yo guys look at that hold up
hold up we are so close to three million
subscribers by the time this video is
out we are probably even closer we're
going to get it within like the next two
days I'm so high yo that is insane holy
crap thank you guys so much I think it
was two times ago I was in a light we
hit two million subscribers but
seriously thank you guys we were so
close I'm so excited I'm definitely in a
film match I'd be like a lot of other
youtubers and get like balloons with a
three in them and yeah take your name
screaming I'm gonna take a nap get rid
of my headache we're gonna film a weekly
Q&A
do this this work somebody so happy it
will yes I don't know think this could
be a whole another set up totally wrong
these unknowable to all the bacteria
although they're out of the room I'll go
back we found a random key in the
elevator we were hoping would work BRB
yeah we forgot ours and someone just let
me in so Dylan's going upstairs for
nothing come home later
you're freaking kidding me you're the
test dummy do it he's just exiting this
is not against the rules
Julie oh wait okay you can do it into
the Q&A spot we grab our towels is our
tripod so we have the city in the pool
yeah yeah good enough yeah so guys we
are on the rooftop of this
well Tim the fireplace thing so I
tweeted out for some questions we can do
this sorry about my gym as well even if
we're here in California I want to do
this and so just another cold day vlog
because honestly today was just kind of
aunt started didn't walk going
how does milind it Joe like being cold
17th season I'm pretty sure he like 17
Stephen more than Mill at it doesn't
like mail it doesn't even as the funny
story goes back way Zhu Bert do you
remember meeting me at your meeting
degree I was the kid that look like
Jacob satorious yes I do
who's the better kisser acquaintance or
parents I've never kissed point ever
like literally never just you insert the
clip
I never kissed him on his cheap in a
favorite movie and why rocky all he
doesn't watch me cause that cuz we saw
him the other day well yeah but I'm just
saying I think you're perfect Oh me yeah
I like rock yelling Pirates of the
Caribbean but I think my new favorite is
well it's not new but it's goat with
Patrick Swayze lowing that's good wait
no tell me what does it start with each
hold on what the second letter hey I
thought you liked Tommy Boy hide you
nightmare there's a lot more movies
Harry Potter oh yeah what was the
awkward fan encounter thank god someone
reminded me okay so I was at an airport
right I was coming home from a
meet-and-greet and all that I had done
for like a week with meet people and
take pictures of people so I was just
that was natural instinct and I was
standing there in a random spot like
completely random and normal and then
this kid comes up to me and he's like
hey I want to grab a picture so I was
like all right Jeb phone yes someone
that's going to take it or we can do
selfie or what and then he's like no I
want to take a picture I was like I just
thought I was like what he wanted me to
move out of the way so you can take a
picture with the airport in the
background I guess it was so weird
we were like buy one of those metros you
know you take them to get to different
parts of the airport so if you wanted to
take a picture buy one of those it was
just so awkward I never had an awkward
fan encounter really before the old
Sione's but now I definitely do how and
when do you think you're going to die
should we do that one yeah I think I'll
be in the wrong place at the wrong time
something just like I just going to read
what happened like I think the wrong
ways in the wrong time then I think I'll
be in my six
I always used to think that I would die
young which is really good I'm now maybe
I think I could live to be in old age
because I want to have dreams
I want have kids and grandkids so I'm
hoping that I can do that today and yeah
because I was going to 1917 a flamer
first year how I'm going to die man I
hope it's all days and just my body's
shutting down being so old I hope at the
healthy a long time don't know you can't
really ever know that are you going to
see anybody famous and in the lab I was
going to maybe collab with phase drugs
while I was out here but I don't know if
it's going to line up anymore which kind
of sucked I really wanted to meet him so
I don't know about that but the morals
video is going to be really special an
awesome one know if it said that already
but someone just reminding me I had a
birthday this month I kind of forgot
about getting T ah
the big one 7 now you'll be the 17 even
what was a lot liar you told you used to
lie all the damn time sometimes going to
like tell in the church because I hate
talking to people sounds like yeah and
even remembers when they why I don't
know like if it was a big liar remember
but I can't remember anything not on a
hyena lion I'm a trooper heartbroken
would you be it squash ever left guns
and roses and what would you do by the
time I heard of them they already broke
up in our little zone
I didn't really care but she left again
I'd be like well you do anyone when you
get a haircut what do you ask for well I
already have a person that knows what I
want every time I walk in she's really
cool shout out to Shannon but she has
people they come in and see her because
I go to her and then they tell her that
they want to tan or burn bark special in
tightening - pretty funny co-pilots or
VidCon well considering VidCon doesn't
invite the now famous youtubers and then
they have to show up and get swarmed and
that's a big deal probably playlist
because I got to go to playlist and they
treated me great you know security was
kind of harsh but they have to be at
VidCon didn't even invite me to be a
creator so I was like whatever I'm not
going to go on top or bottom bounced
obviously we're talking about bunk bed I
always slept on the bottom bunk with my
brother as a kid I always hated the top
bunk but now a couple of the top bunk
you know combos has always worked for
creepy monster pics from the top and
then when you're on the top you're like
I was scared the top would break
do you like Justin Bieber if so what's
your favorite song by him
flash featuring I think he's probably
the most attractive male on the earth
they were talking about him I like sorry
I like where are you now what do you
mean purpose no the list goes on and on
he's just cute
what part of California was your
favorite Los Angeles is probably the
most exciting and fun place in my
opinion of Laguna Beach is also
beautiful I don't really like the place
we were at right now like we moved
hotels so I don't even know where we are
but it's not the same it's kind of
boring it's kind of boring what is
you're already going to be met I don't
even know that because I have to get new
brakes for my car new tires as well then
I got to get to wrap my golf of getting
on it soon I don't know we're going to
wait for it all to come together and I'm
pretty surprised you guys with a full
car reveal would you ever get another
dog and if so what kind of dog German
Shepherd maybe a husky as well no joke
oh I like big dogs did you can cuddle
with them even though Rose will never
cuttle with me no matter what I do she
runs away how come you aren't putting
full effort into your videos anymore so
she wrote under that that I give days
without telling you guys sometime I
think I do tweet every day I skip a day
maybe there's like one or two I don't
but I'd rather post three times a week
two times a week one times a week once
one time then force and upload every
single day I don't want to do it then
I'm not going to do it because today I
was thinking about it and I where
everybody was in a bad mood today and I
wasn't going to film a video on it fully
but then I was like I skipped every day
so I waited to see if the day got better
and it did and that's why we're up here
right now quality over quantity forever
in my mind and now that I'm getting
older I realized I'd rather be happy and
not for something and get you know less
views less subscribers whatever it is
and still be
that's what matters most to me now so
hopefully you guys can forgive me if I
take some days off hopefully I can be
like whatever I'll go watch
hyouta for sure he's just if you were
gay would you date quitting or Dylan you
know the real answer come on it's
probably Quentin
damn it see me and Dylan are a lot of
life right I mean putting our life as
well but me and cortman just stood
together you know a relationship
wouldn't get boring we just I think I
think ours would if we go yeah we just
like boys to have so much fun that it
would get over yeah but he's asking me
if I like Jay Paul or Logan Paul Moore
never met either of them I've done work
with Logan Paul but I've never met him
so I like samogon better last one what's
the craziest thing you've ever done
mine would be that incident at the
airport let me get the selfie view for
this this is where we've been the whole
time by the way the tiny little sliver
over the might hamper a little dirty
yeah thing first thing I've ever done
way I chose to do it now the cringes
neighbor - oh sure yeah
oh yeah guys we might as well in this
vlog up here we're going to go inside
relax for the rest of the night if you
thought this vlog wasn't entertaining
enough you need to go watch yesterday's
vlog because we did some insane cliff
jumping in someone's backyard also a
huge thanks to him for letting me come
to his house because I didn't say that
in yesterday's video oh yeah go watch
this video and please watch tomorrow's
video you won't regret it
it'll be sick so yeah we're going to go
inside thank you guys so much for
watching this video and don't forget
events we enjoyed subscribe to noon off
you guys next one peace out it ain't my
fault
you came and look like that you just
made me
