high enough fireflies I'm trying to
spell yes no I oh my god this is a huge
word flexing sorry I'm on what is going
on guys today we were back in today it
is day three in LA I'm wearing the
shorts that should be sweats but they're
pretty comfortable if they have this big
zipper I'll never use and I need to
record these shoes as much as possible
before they get completely dirty and I
stopped wearing them no apples that fall
and we're about to get a perfect game
we're going to try we can do it so
scared okay these are all 11:50 on so
far don't have to agree on whatever it
is or if it's real assess see see
yeah are you kidding me this is so
stupid
do they not even know how to draw
I got my fingers to produce that is the
dirtiest car ever makes my Challenger
look clean oh my god wait this is the
same thing but they forgot the circle so
some of you might remember a guy named
Zach we went to his house in Laguna
Beach she's super super cool and we're
coming together on a business
proposition and this gigantic building
is his clothing warehouse because he
distributes clothes he's the owner of
the company and we're going to go in
we're going to meet him we're gonna have
some lunch I'm freaking starving a two
muffins that's it they were all out of
stuff in the hotel breakfast but enough
complaining it's going to be a good day
hope you guys are all having a great day
are you having a great day yes
hey guys another day
yeah Joe you guys are hungry we can go
I'm starving okay what is it I'll just
give you like a quick like Walker we'll
go back to the offices it's like till
you get back here hmm
yeah if you have a bear attack - what
guys all those clothes down there is
what you see in like buckle and zoomies
you know where I shop at it is huge
freakin ridiculous
look the even goes into that room
there's a room way down there with that
door there's like a whole nother one all
the American fighters in here he makes
all of them yeah South Florida they ship
them everywhere look how many do that
looks sick I love this they literally
make all the clothes imagine this being
your closet I would I don't know what I
do you have a different outfit every
single venue so the house ruined - his
ex house the one you know I talked about
it before here's a clip of the hotel
Wi-Fi well let me download it when we
jumped off his roof and stuff his house
was literally insane a profile picture
on Instagram was in his house the longer
time and then there's a whole like
double version of this kind of Mexico oh
my gosh I feel like I'm back in gym
class with this big thing number reset
oh yeah walked with it we have to
definitely step inside and just carry
our yard just had to carry on yeah and I
got there like well you can get five
yards and dropping I just go five and
disagree at it saying wait and miss this
trip yeah we saw Arnold and Sylvester
yesterday and now we're in a giant gym
so this your office
yeah oh this looks like your closet you
get one of these in your closet
my setup which is that yeah I just got
the desk
the best thing is the rising and yeah
not fair I want one
oh my god I need a little hammock for my
feet too
this probably wouldn't fit in my room
but look get a shot of me being a
businessman - oh you just want to be
something I'm the fan mail this is what
I would do all day which is purple oh my
god mine's green probably like this
upcoming spring good thing on your
grubby that so you play - fine I'll show
you this is something I'm doing for my
presiding grandma living AUV dies I'll
shirt oh well lose their minds you got
what that guy did look he's drawing on a
shirt with a pin to the fade after a
while yeah so I don't go the way out for
like 10-15 minutes but Lloyd activated
by the Sun to take it out in the Sun and
you're sure changes to a blue color or a
red color or a pink color level we're
doing without we're going to for so long
or shearing off yeah so I want to get
some more basic stuff yeah yeah yeah
there are a million different things
that can we talk about our name and show
them like all that okay so all the stuff
on the walls everything out there and
you know all the shoma here like the
actual out here is dibs dibs is the name
of the company we're making see like
divs here did there it's just the
coolest name and the course is just
awesome so this isn't a part of my merch
it's like it goes in stores so so
whenever you go to the mall this is what
you're going to be able to get and look
designs or literally in think I dream of
being able to wear clothes is cool is
this now it's going to happen you know I
go there and I'm like yeah like this
this is cool
there's not a single thing on here that
I wouldn't wear don't get some zero step
- yeah I would wear the girl stuff okay
Zack and I have been texting back and
forth deciding on what like the best is
on 2d and yeah like this is like can I
get down a blanket it's going to be a
while it's still in the making but it's
so beautiful I love all the stuff right
after you buy your tenth of our marquee
over you give you some dudes from the
mall that's it yeah but no more designs
I'm not showing you guys anymore because
you gotta wait you got to see this
cries whenever it launches this is
Natasha I hope you sit down yeah tell me
how it is nominees in their dessert okay
you can go now tonight I swear the back
break means okay that feels good on my
neck thanks does it all I feel good my
leg and that's mad before we go we work
out then boy I will I'm gone
always more than me you got it you got
it no I don't think I do
oh my god let me do the four chambers
way heavier than the gym class won't try
to with that with it oh I totally
winning
no way
we're now in a very very kind of very
sketchy barbecue place so I miss my
upload yesterday by two hours because I
forgot about the time change not going
to make that mistake again I set my
alarm for one now quinton text me and he
said people on his livestream we're
wondering if I was going to upload and I
was like yeah it's not three yet why are
you freaking out and I realized my fault
it actually is my fault advice oh great
thank you for the lunch or my pleasure
okay we're back in the factory for just
a little bit there's paint everywhere
I'm very scared right now
nothing and I'll pray like the first one
I got mine hostage yeah I get the first
year I call this they're going to have a
logo on the front this is the back of it
and it's going to have a logo right
right there but I'll put it on still so
hot
it's like a charm now we're off to Zach
business partners house his name is
Courtney and I've heard some things you
guys just wait it's going to be insane
well guys here it is oh wait that's the
guest house this is the whole property
by the way now this is this house it's
literally insane oh here's one of his
cars maybe that one that one there might
be like you know ten others there's one
of his pool house is pretty sure that's
three-story the first something on my
easy well what is that I think it's from
my Starbucks drink unbelievable okay
what and this is like all where's the
book we pulled it pull out what wine
cellar area done oh this is the down
this is a this is a defeater just like
your oh wow hey say you've got a few
more chairs than me there's a car in the
audio in this room can we get on our are
you seeing all these gargoyles in the
corner that's cliff jumping in their
backyard oh my god I need to change the
title of my balling my dream house video
to buying a house this is the hot tub
right this okay goes into this gigantic
pool so big so now this guy's
technically my friend right exactly
well thank you guys there's a cave
there's a cave in this house like crazy
stuff yeah this is beers out here
already oh my gosh it's a good jumping
point are you kidding
yeah jump off in earlier TPD no helpers
could play without a 2-foot what was
that Wow
your own locker room
if you're that change yep you brought
out this lab I feel like I've been part
of the Caribbean right now they built
all this like had it specially done
dungeon outdoor kitchen better than our
neighbor TV yeah for TV is one two three
four it's the other slide melon we just
set up a dirt bike track out here that
like a full orchard and Gardens out here
back there my type of you give you
insane guys their yard just keeps going
going on
that way you can hit the bar
I wish all of you guys doing here with
us during this is obviously room
we extended our trip done I say that I
don't know
yeah we're originally leaving two days
from now but never thank to Wednesday so
we have basically the whole week
it's a hotel
Wow
which I live
you know
okay here is the production we're doing
our doing our first foot with a digital
I'm going to run under my friend right
here
goodbye beautiful pool I will see you
again someday
that's a promise so we were wondering if
they had any trampolines they actually
do whoa
plus got to take the world's first dibs
shirt and dry it off soaked right now
light camera action okay guys we're back
at the hotel I have one bar on my camera
so we have to end the vlog now today was
such an awesome day I was like here we
have a business day blah blah it was a
business day but also it was probably
the most fun day so far so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and thank you so
much for watching don't forgive you like
insurance if you enjoyed subscribe union
also you guys know what peace out you
came in looking like that you just made
