good morning sunshine
mmm why'd you sleep in till 11:30 Kansas
time that's it what did you only guys
today we're back in today it is Dillon
second time day two in LA we have no
idea what we're doing today today is our
one free day we well we have like you
know free moments in the other days but
you know we don't know what we're going
to do today at all we're going to figure
that out soon so that means the five
times list I didn't count currently
making the gayest thumbnail I've ever
made with Dillon okay please tell me
that you guys didn't just look
yesterday's thumbnail and then that's it
because you needed to watch the video to
find out it wasn't actually his first
time it was what it was but the first
time in LA and on a plane not first time
in bed with me because that would be a
lot - someone got locked out of the
elevator well I was just texting you
because I just wanted to hit my charger
in my shoot I was I was going to change
it halfway through my shower he calls me
and he's like hey can you come get me
and I forgot my key because you have to
have a key to go up the elevators here
did you grab the key to the goose no I
still need ups I don't know where these
slides so stupid it's back in the van
and back on the grind with the apple
tree spelling game
it is s in I something looks little
Snapple liz'll maybe all who lost an
apple last one we only have one apple of
this all's awful lose yeah Wow okay I
always do one more before we have to
park come on come on
okay I do a hey hey okay oh oh whoa whoa
whoa your granny's Anatomy that's it
no wait Anthony Antonio sannan-san farm
autonomy autonomy oh really that that's
a word yeah guys we made it to the mall
today we're actually going to the mall
yesterday we tried to go them all and it
was too late apparently they were closed
so now we're at the mall yeah we called
my mom a liar but she came through yay
we might go get some easy to lay down I
like pick up some kicks I'm gonna say if
you're real Manuel do parkour step by
step I'll hold it I'll hold like what do
you mean like stuff like jump from that
one to that one to that one no no no no
on your feet you know thought hell no
yeah dude I'm not doing want me to do it
I'll do it yeah
okay hold you drink yeah that's we
partner parkour was one of the words on
that screen and the side of the band
finally some not Kansas malls oh my god
stuff keeps beautiful I need a credit
card like that okay you're just gonna
we're going to hang out in the pack yeah
because we have to they're going to
enter I mean I found a sunny shirt dude
this thing mama Ellen this is so me in
the summer
ah that one's for me right there is this
something that Guy Fieri would wear or
PewDiePie if anyone's ever wanted to
write about my clothes I go to zoomies
PacSun guess that's where we just were
kind of wherever I go into a store and
it looks cool I get it these guys just
stole my merch like really see the one
over there no where is it that oh that
one yeah that's pretty friggin close
that's crossing the line and what about
this well it's actually panic this is
actually good so funny so this is long
sleeves what you have for that yeah go
I went aggregor com I never promote my
merch because I feel bad like I think
it's just kind of annoying but all my
youtuber friends promote theirs and I
want you guys to be able to wear it
because I think it's super cool so maybe
I should I'm telling you go to tea
bunker comm check it out if you like
this stuff yeah it's better than what
you can get in here because it has tea
bunker signature right here and then
like right across the back you know hey
I'm pretty sure I have that shirt and
red now you have it okay that's it these
shorts are literally my sweats that I
have that me and Quentin always wearing
match all the time yes I did them it's
the short version that's beautiful
actually I'm going to do them so
Tristan's finishing out the shopping
trip is almost over I think it's time
for some new kicks look inside of these
Crocs it's kind of disgusting they're
really dirty let me get some like
lighting they're actually getting very
gross I run around on the grass with
them and stuff I literally wear these
all time I still love them I just need
some new ones of these but I also need
some other new shoes we're about to go
do a celebrity tour thing I don't know
what that's about all the way we're
going to start with the shoe store that
I stopped at last time to get my em in
empties is that it are you fabulous now
I'm very fabulous hi
I 10 million fire then 12:30 time for
some cool kicks
maybe our one credit card did not work
we just went to the shoe store and yeah
we've come back now let's go stalk some
celebrities this everything you imagined
yeah it's actually GJ now you comin at
me a rock star one day you are doing
everyone's moving around this black man
how many of you guys watch TMZ okay
awesome so how many of you are super
fans because it's very weird okay and I
rehab see right famous places who didn't
they go eat in one of them tonight
Johnny damn I hope you should keep
saying I should tell her at the end I'm
not gonna do it at the end thank you
really
okay do it good whoo I didn't even know
we are back at the shoe store we were
back at the shoe store
finally I'm about to get my first pair
of sick kicks and I put the pink shirt
back on because we're about to go to
that big pink wall you know that
everybody takes pictures bye
why'd you put tension I also got it I
want a pink shirt at the pink wall so I
make sure you know it's more ironic ah I
have that one I gotta go talk to mom let
me out shout out to the guy in the
playboy shirt these two kids are
watching the floor ahead turn around I
have the same one at home what's rep
right now action baby nice
mom I'm finally in the sneaker game hope
these fit because they don't let you try
them on God sorry guys I'm just excited
I've one of these shoes forever okay my
mom would never let me buy them she'd
always doing now and to wasting money
these are pretty tight but they fit
really didn't fit very well it's not
really good web yeah that it is people
oh my gosh you're so close right mom
I know how to drive
sometimes I wonder to close one to close
I got the champ hi I was not a with your
glue
oh dude that is so bright I love it
they're really about Sunday to do it
okay guys we just got out of a world
fanciest restaurant oh my god the one
time I'm still in shock I know me too
okay so we're sitting there eating right
we're eating this fancy meal that my
manager was nice enough to get us into
this club it's really exclusive club
they were talking about it on that tour
bus we went on they're like yeah you
have to be like a really high up and
then you have to have two people that
are already in it recommend you in blah
blah blah so we get 1:30 I'd been there
only one time before and nothing crazy
happened but where does eating I look
over and it was it was Arnold
Schwarzenegger and then Sylvester
Stallone literally walked in right after
him and I was like oh my god it was the
Terminator and the Rocky Balboa right
there and I was just like oh my god
they're having dinner together I was
like what I wanted to go take a flexing
picture with him but no I knew they were
going to make fun of my arms they have a
rule in the building that you cannot go
disturb anybody ask take any pictures at
all even though I was taking snapchats
or else you'll get your membership
revoked so I was like whatever I'll keep
my managers membership and I'll just
shut up and leave and now I'm like oh my
god and then on the way out we saw rob
dyrdek from ridiculousness and I was
like oh my gosh we need to move here mom
we're moving I know we're definitely
gonna get a part time you know apartment
or whatever here because I love it here
just everything's perfect even the tour
was like fun like the TMZ like I hated
TMZ before now I'm in love life finally
I feel so good to be back authentic oh
no there's nobody
tomorrow is business but still fun day
I'm so tired right now do I go get a
thumbnail title down at the pool or wait
till tomorrow
oh I don't know about that I might show
now okay guys I'm actually so tired
right now but hopefully the water will
wake me up bro you can't go straight to
the hospital got to get in the pool
first we have to do something in the
pool what is that on top
looks like a so key back this pool has a
zebra design on it okay here is a rich
gift maneuver I've ever done ready
letmego we did our background back all
the years which is you want
ah
you're my hot tub we didn't say long but
you'll see you again someday you guys
are still awake barely barely me too I
almost fell asleep in a hot tub then
there's too hot and what ma'am we're
here
okay last trip down before bed I am so
hungry I need some energy before I get
some sleep you know yeah dude this place
is amazing
do what he's pretty noodle tier yo Chips
Ahoy
all day yeah they're packing - how much
stuff to go thanks glowy negative of
cash okay guys day two in LA is now over
we're going to go ahead and in this vlog
here every time we come here I end up
having this little talk where I talk
about how much I love LA so I'm going to
do right now because literally Kansas is
so boring after why like I do the same
thing if you guys can't tell I try to
make it up only for the vlog like if it
weren't for the vlog my life in Kansas
would be even more boring and I've said
it in Kalamazoo OGG the atmosphere here
is just amazing I love the people and
like everyone understands my life more
because in Kansas I'm like one of three
maybe maybe three is very good yeah
there's like nobody that can relate to
us and here it's way different and I
still do think I will probably live some
little at least a little portion of my
life here whether that be a year from
now or two or five or ten I don't know I
just love it here so much and every time
I come here I just keep telling myself I
need to move here someday like I need to
work towards that because I already know
if I lived here I would just be on the
Quran okay I'd be like with youtuber
friends we that's why all the Viners and
the Instagram comedians like all so
popular because I'll hang out together
and every person I met here is really
nice
besides that guy in the lobby
that's a story for another time what
story were they going to tell them
YouTube all the awkward fan encounter I
need to say that for a Q&A remind me who
involves me and an airport and the kid
but I'm going to eat my chips in Hawaii
off-camera
wow there's four cookies in this instead
of the two that were on the plane that
were five dollars yeah hey guys for
sticking around watching another vlog
day two we'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog here so much for watching don't
forget leave like in charge the Pens to
enjoyed subscribing you and I'll see you
guys next
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
