what did you go my guys today we were
back in today you guys are joining me in
my shower the presidential shower that I
really need replace so first off happy
fourth of July if you live in the United
States it's currently July 3rd for me
but I'm still going to be doing firework
stuff today but I was thinking maybe
doing fireworks versus drone again like
I did last year this morning the police
called and they found my mom's truck it
was found not that far from here that's
all we know we don't know what condition
it then we don't know anything we're
about to go pick it up it was probably
robbed completely they probably didn't
leave anything of value in it if they
went through my fan mail and I found the
truck not the person that stole it so I
don't know we'll see just giving me a
minute to finish my shower I don't think
I've ever started a vlog in the shower
maybe once or twice anyway see you guys
in a minute and let me tell you guys
having an actual closet full of shirts
is so much better than digging through a
pile of clothes in my room and then just
wearing the same stuff so shout out to
my mom for helping me I have so many
shirts that look the exact thing hold up
right here you have this brown and black
shirt and then you head right over here
and it's basically the same thing and
yesterday our neighbors invited us to go
over to their house for dinner we went
into their backyard and we swam really
cool people by the way if you guys are
watching this I love you guys we already
knew that a lot of people drive by our
house and basically stalk us and then
some of them like walk into our yards
how to jump on the trampolines and go
into our actual backyard so we had a
really good like three hour long talk
with them and we're actually getting our
very own body yard today he should be
here in about an hour my mom as a friend
who was really high up in the military
like he had to have a tracking chip
everywhere he went because he was that
high and so it's that guy's son he's
really cool I haven't met him yet but he
seems cool apparently our neighborhood
is not secure enough we don't have any
security we just have Luna and rose but
they sit and do nothing and all we have
is our security cameras we don't have
any good security so until we get that
in place we're going to have this guy
come and stay with us it's him and his
buddy they're trading off he's staying
the night here and then one of them's
like up outside so one of them will be
outside and then one of them will be
asleep in here and then like they'll
trade off I guess and we're mostly doing
this because our whole family just feels
unsafe I woke up at 2:30 last night and
I couldn't go back to bed till like 4:00
because I was just like just had a
horrible feeling imagine watching a
vehicle at your house that was parked at
your house just driveway off your
property it was just a horrible feeling
and we all felt it so this is what we're
going to do for now it's not permanent
okay but he does know how to work a
sniper so we're going to put them up on
the balcony and then finally we have 4th
of July with harris's stepdad parents
tonight I don't know how much I'll film
there but I will try to film there so
yeah should be a pretty interesting day
now we wait for our bodyguard hey there
my phone charger that I left in my
neighbor's housing and I was just about
to walk back over there and get it
apparently they put it in my garage see
they're nice people and here's a clip
from their house I was going to go back
over there and show you where I jumped
but I'll just show you from the snapchat
I put it on Instagram as well it was
really fun almost hit the ledge but yeah
Jessie bodyguard number one is here
let's go meet him hello maybe she is
going guys this is Jessie and I already
met you but oh yeah meet you for the
vlog he's like as big as me but like
maybe eight of me size eg a foot taller
yeah that's it yeah you have free realm
over any of our house there's a guest
room in there over those beds and
definitely not big enough for you
Thursday a beanbag room - mom show you
the beanbag room yeah oh yeah it's sick
it gets really hot in there I haven't
shown it for a while but I mean anywhere
you want to sleep it's all yours yes you
will cuddle with you while we're gone
cuz she'll need someone to cuddle it she
always growls when she has something in
her mouth to her yeah nobody come to our
house he's gonna be here 24/7 so jumping
foam pit having a man forever okay oh my
gosh if you jump it you hit the ball
yeah it would be so loud Jordan's friend
jumped in the last night and it
literally that's what that sound was in
the essays video with that big dud so
yeah now I don't know Noga slams because
everything so back up do many people
jumping in not fixing that why don't we
just get rid of it no what do you call
it a foul huh what's your problem
mm-hmm once you throw them
three okay no more big-time rock this is
serious now
is it like parked outsider you drive a
bowler now without any cheese which we
don't have hmm so they took the keys
yeah then what's the point of it no idea
we may not have to go in and ask him I
know me either you know why I'm coming
matter of the burgundy Ford f-150 that
was found this morning it was stolen
Friday night they told me I thought they
said here it was 928 I think North Dana
Barros this is where it's at where do we
go through the channel intensive
clearance back of the property I want to
talk to the cops that found it and find
out where it was and you know if they
have any leads or anything well we found
it and we found it this place looks
great
tore the thing off the front tore that
off there are those your chips mmm they
went and bought some chips took every
single thing out of it left some water
bottles and all right they dented the
door and there's a ton of fireworks back
here not even kidding it look like yeah
your tools they took all your tools
well we got some free fireworks charger
they left a good charger yeah thanks
whoa they forgot a dollar bill it is
it's like they literally just moved in
and it was going to be their new truck
for a while yeah I left my lipstick some
change all the good cards are gone all
the cash is gone
who would have thought so now what's the
insurance going to do they will have it
towed to a repair place and it's going
to have to get fixed and i'm out to
argue with them on diminished value
claim it's what and then we sell this
and get you new truck anyway because
you're not going to drive this after
this how I'm driving them yeah I just
want to find out who drove it like they
dent the door for what no idea all right
because they were high and stupid I
wonder where they trashed the window at
they're just thrown it out it's over to
the childhood windows not in here should
we take the fireworks yeah I kind of
want to just leave it just like it is
until the insurance people look at it
yeah but if it rains on these fireworks
is going to ruin
you guys are probably all going well why
don't you go get their fingerprints off
stuff well see I don't think the cops
around here are going to take their time
to do that they need speeding tickets
speeding ticket speeding ticket speeding
tickets amazing here a little bit if
they do I won't speed anymore
goodbye fireworks I'll go buy new ones
that aren't tainted by a thief smoke
should we go home took the license plate
off their hat spangles they work at
spangles I bet you they probably let's
take it they're on drugs what's that
ammunition ammunition really the guy so
they've armed robbery to our vehicle
grand theft auto they probably took
their gun left ammo forgot it so they
stole a check for their fourth of July
president went bought some fireworks and
then left their spangles hat and their
ammo no one wears an ugly spangles hat
for fun so they definitely work there
you know and I want to put out some kind
of awards reward because I want to find
out a minute
whoever beat asked if spangle employee
gets dollar bill whoever it is works in
spanking right now okay so not that many
people work at some angles let's go ask
somebody that works there wait wait wait
wait we're not leaving our good charger
and the aux cord
I see people with similar hats you
happen to know if anybody showed up here
that works here within the last 24 to 48
hours and a burgundy pickup truck that
maybe they didn't have before so my
chocolates stolen Friday night and the
police recovered it has a single fiber
compartment I'm exceeded again all right
Connie seems creepy yeah he's not
wearing a visor just want to show off
his bald head something like three he's
like no he didn't seem concerned at all
well what a settling experience we went
to spangles you know saw some creepy
spangles workers and we really don't
know what we're going to do I don't know
in the meantime I'm going to try to have
some fun not worry about it I mean
hopefully something happens and
something turns up hopefully we can get
some help from the police and you know
they can find fingerprints or something
because obviously there's got to be
fingerprints on some of it but for now
I'm going to go fix my hair cuz it looks
really really bad so now we're just kind
of more pissed off because whoever stole
the truck obviously was armed whenever
they did it which is just that much
worse so annoying whatever now I'm going
to go get Paris and we have a total of
two vehicles now this car and my mom's
car way over there because my truck had
low coolant a low tire and I hadn't had
oil change blah blah blah so that's
going into the shop I think we gave my
brother's car back today though so we
will have some vehicles back but we're
just running lower and lower on vehicles
I'll go you're Paris and then we'll go
get some fireworks
I'll uh get the window louver then I'll
just pull it out yes hi hi how are you
good oh my gosh hey you start with the
growling when you have stuff in your
mouth is weird and also we just found
Rose sitting right here and with a bunch
of $1 bills look those are 20 in there
Wow okay guys my hair has fallen back
down Paris is here what turns out my mom
my brother went back and got the
fireworks out of the truck so we're just
going to use those in the drone lighter
and I'm not going to film at her yeah
we're not going to film at the yeah
so I can just enjoy the company you know
and like yeah yeah yeah yeah so we shall
see you guys in a little bit okay guys
it is dark outside we're outside we have
the drone we're sitting in my driveway
we don't know if we want to do it in the
cul de sac or our driveway yet we're
we might as well just do it here they're
going to go up in the sky either way
we're trying to get this started up
quick did it for me a lot of times he's
a great voice that we don't know what
time Kansas fireworks are supposed to
stop like shooting them off it's almost
10 we think it might be 10 but we're
going to try to get it done you know
we're going to get this drone in the air
we're going to fly it into the fireworks
and if it breaks DJI will probably send
me another one and if it doesn't break
it a little cool either way like I just
want to get really closely I tried to
last year but this time we're going to
give it closer because now we're in
control the fireworks in the drone we
are now record in on this home aircraft
is in one zone why we're talking there's
us that time is run out of focus light
stop okay
the drone is alive holy crap very close
to the house and everything
hey how about you record your recording
like my mom you're good Janet that was
cool
she actually are the hose out right now
watering the driveway on Fox can
reignite scope and yet oh good everyday
firework okay let's go grab some more
because I was really are you okay okay
mom was another one number two I'm gonna
send the drone over
Oh running let me get the joke
Wow I don't know that one is pretty
close call I'm not even paying this
instant if I were so I was trying to get
the drone shot for you guys I'll pay
attention while I'm editing this is
really cool okay drones coming back down
mom still water and I blow okay you're
gonna close up the line this one is
ready I'll put the throne up real high
for this one oh you can see the skyline
now look at them boom boom boom so
tomorrow is the actual fourth of July
we'll probably do this again I don't
know because then it won't be fourth of
July for you guys and a whole fire thing
will be over so maybe maybe not this was
fun at least
we're lighting fireworks tomorrow I
don't know if I'll film that because you
know I don't know Wolfie I'm going to
put my drone back inside so I know this
we found my mom's truck or drone versus
illegal fireworks too much clickbait or
we got a bodyguard see I wish I could
space out my clickbait the one time I
get three good things in one day
ROS and Luna do not like fireworks they
are very scared right now they're all
real team you take care of rose I'll go
take care of Luna is it given a big
day I think it is oh you just want a
free belly rub you ain't scared to
nothing
you're scared of not getting belly rubs
aren't you hope you guys enjoyed this
video and PGI so much for watching and
don't we leave like inside the fence if
you enjoy subscribing and also yeah the
next one yeah peace out I beat up
in fault hit in Mobile
