your boy just woke up with a little bit
of what Quinn has the throat pain but
I'm gonna persevere what does go away
guys today we're back in today because
they're all have a great day today is
the day I'm going snowboarding for the
first time ever I've never been just
woke up at the dudes house next to
Quentin probably why I'm sick got a
little more editing to do in this
basically hotel bed even under
renovation this house is beautiful
mourn good and crew how are you I'm
great Adam just woke up like five
minutes ago like six hours there's girls
over there but YouTube doesn't like
boobs or butt so I'm going to go edit
just a quick nine point turn to get out
of here we drove all the way up this
hill and it's a dead end up there place
we're going to is called Big Bear it's
supposed to be one of the best
snowboarding places yeah we did it
yo and alright with this same cover as
mine let's go tell me how close she is
on this side yeah you're good you're
good you're good you're good
well it's getting dark but we're getting
close and the houses are getting cooler
cooler as we go up this giant mountain
oh oh my god yo yo okay that's not very
like squishy but it's no room for six
yes stairs pretty small staircase relax
hey we have one of these in our attic
another bedroom TV we might be lost you
know boarding if we don't work we're
doing some reckless stuff in the mounts
probably tackling barriers and stuff now
we got snowboards then we could scoop
out what we got to put them out here
track I'll probably just film in the
morning everybody's ready to go because
it's getting dark and I kind of want to
learn how to snowboard we brought the
GoPro we got everything oh my god I've
never felt these and it feels like the
place no feels like cactus oh sorry
we'll see you guys the morning Saxon
Jackson what are you doing oh really
look at my pajamas I'm freezing Taylor
you've been working on your flips oh no
way dude I'm gonna see you again really
soon but I'm gonna give you back to your
dad Nick Nick an athlete that's me I'm
only a little bit sick but he's a lot a
bit sick so guys it's morning
everybody's getting around real quick I
have all of my clothes laid out right
here and we're about to take the air
track find a random Hill and just slide
down a narrow top we have all this kind
of planned ow are you coming here buddy
for your birthday there's there's a
little bear on there too oh good night
baby gonna be wrapping the new dibbs
long-sleeve ros t-shirt it's not a
t-shirt it's a shirt should probably get
a little bit more layers because last
night we went snowboarding and I started
off horrible and then I got better but
I'm gonna show you guys the progression
here Thank You Ian aka Saatchi AKA post
Malone for filming while you guys watch
that I'm gonna go get dressed so I'll
see you guys in 69 seconds wait wait
that penguin
whoa you got the drink she's great you
get back up and you try again
motivational learning killed us
we died someone do that yeah we're gonna
make it yeah I just like twists it
landed on it what's the lesson here
lesson is watch your back rent a private
voice
yo who's just approached snowboarder
dude what is that all matter mistake for
me but he got he's killing this is the
second time ever down the mountain she's
a freaky bro almost 10 clan with dude
where'd you get the Taylor beanie you
know the guy is this the next innovation
no freakin way
dude it's yours get yours today drop the
link everybody needs one no I don't
think these are for sale actually you be
that giveaway three pairs of socks two
pairs of pants gonna be three two shirts
what about you sit in one what do we got
four outfits today we've got a head
straight back to LA right after we get
done filming this video so we're gonna
pack up everything right now
keep doing you man yeah
I love you it's fake money so we're
sitting here now at the new location
there's an RV right there trying to
power the wind to blow this thing out
we've been sitting there flight I don't
know probably an hour trying to figure
all this out but it will happen
well ten clan we've done it we have the
world's biggest lead I'm pretty sure no
one will ever top this
let's go is it red is it I agreed if
it's ripped I'm paying for us so
hopefully it's not ripped look at this
that was from right now right when I
jumped on
now
this is beautiful it's hot we have some
nice young ladies here willing to hand
me their sled before we launch the
spaceship I'm down yeah you don't know
our spaceship it can fly davin you just
got to get the music really loud oh my
butt already hurts already hurts
thank you yeah why not let's use a box
the last thing we're gonna film Zack is
going to try to land a backflip or do
one
alright let's pack it up and apparently
now we're going to the billionaires
house for a party I don't care to go
they all want to go so we're all going
that would be in the next video but for
now we're gonna go ahead and in this
video here to hope you guys enjoyed I
think I said was watching a dope with me
vlogging show the French we enjoyed
subscribe for new no see
you just may beat
