keep it or leave it Taylor it does make
me look like an asshole which is kind of
funny I'm going to break it what are you
oh my guys today we're back and today
I'm with my sister
part two reading her comments that's not
an important thing the important thing
is a few video good side the important
thing is a few videos ago I asked you
guys to go subscribe to Taylor because
she was like 80,000 subscribers and now
she's at 130,000 which is just cuckoo
he's crazy
her subscriber game went from 55 a day
to like 20,000 and you know how long it
took me to get to 100k how long actually
not that long yeah yeah we promised you
guys a Taylor got 100,000 subscribers
she'd make a video so I wonder how many
other channels have gotten 100k without
making a video I don't know so we're
about to film a video for her channel
but I want to went for mine with her so
you guys need to watch hers a little
shout out in there and I wanted to do
reading my sister's comments part two
because you guys really like that video
and so did I so I spent the last
freaking half hour going through and
readings made me I just about fell
asleep it took forever to find these I
swear I didn't tell anybody I was making
this video so I really had to dig deep
you know anyway the first picture is the
one you posted yesterday and the first
comment says but you can't post a
youtube video roasted you spend all your
time take a selfie can't make a video
I'm taking one since February yes you
went on an Instagram selfie break I just
I I don't sit there and take pictures of
myself Tristan is the one that oh my god
spent like an hour with him constant the
only pictures I've taken myself or
snapchat and I don't try and literally
just take a picture looking for the
potato and you also Street yeah I did we
were at a hundred almost jinx you owe me
a pop yeah I'm fit come with me
see I didn't know if this was like a
pick-up line hey baby I'm fit come with
nation look I'm like pretty fit guy that
one made me giggle Thomas Ince playing
that we don't know about Wow ugly bitch
JK I love you and your brother and your
brother you take a turn yet it's always
gonna be anybody
I have a friend named Sid and here
single thing is I read a lot of these
are you sure yeah I'm sure he knows it
just reminds me of that slaw yeah that
ball I did to make up and there's this
kid in my band class maybe less like him
she always called me the center for
three years could you just blow me to
really know I'm sure Tanner will be
making a reading comments video so say
you hate the word sling like so much
play what what are you saying I don't
know but it just
I'm not dealing whatever gets mad he's a
good I'll put in a clip from the hard
drive just so they never one I've been
putting more stuff my videos lately that
is stuff that I would normally put the
hard drive like in yesterday's video I
left this in goodbye gallon by oh oh
it's going to be me and Dylan moaning
Wow
oh yeah you're so hot I respect that
women be respecting women do this man
knows how to respect women can I meet
you I have an Audi all right custom
someone else is fun to do that I said I
don't think she's a gold there see she
knows she knows more about he comes with
me to be honest I skimmed over a lot
like I just looked for disgusting words
but surprisingly these are not as bad as
the last episode so this is the series
yeah
wait this is actually reading my dogs
will come next so go follow us at what
is it rose underscore Luna
Rose underscore Luna Branca we could
have gotten a better username and I know
hey Tanner I know you're doing a reading
comments video so I just want to let you
know I watch your videos while I'm
pooping
there's Herman Oh I've always wondered
how many people watch my videos while
pooping if you put me right now whoa get
it I was looking at your wiener whatever
you have I'm going to see comments now
like shout out to the pooping squad
who's pooping like instead of the
notifications much my comments are still
just horrible I try to read something
about the video and I I can't it's just
all bull crap like it's so bad I don't
know how to fix it you look tired go to
bed cuz you had kind of some they never
go away
it's permanent maybe you just have the
eyes of a four-year-old they do
something sad you feel okay you up I'll
bust a nut on you and you lick it off of
me whoa guys while I was editing this
video I realized that this guy's profile
picture is one of the Simpsons or at
least I think I don't know I don't watch
him but but then I realized like in my
last reading my sister's Instagram
comments video there was another Simpson
and like what are the odds of that
that's just insane so I thought I'd you
know tell you guys I'd smash I don't
know what Taylor to be down for that
considering your Simpson according to
your profile picture I don't know why
these symptoms are so attracted to my
sister and better the moji develop if he
busts on you but you like heat up on him
did it teleport someone can I even look
this up my screenshot of this one
because it's Daniella bruh goalie or
something y'all Burger lead us to catch
me outside chick oh I don't think you
look like her hope not she she's kind of
pretty I guess anything bad about her
actually she'll trash me owner Julie
that do not leave this in the video she
like gross everyone yeah she calls like
marking all them pineapple head and all
that crap oh god you're way hotter than
Paris to be honest I thought maybe you'd
say something witty maybe floating so I
left it in I don't know how to respond
to it this is the next picture it's
already on screen only to show it sexist
I think they meant to say sexiest like
sexiest girl but they said sexist
through your sexist what do you have
against web tristin Tanner Taylor TT t
equals Taylor's
Raoh every left Roxy I could date you
no you couldn't
ah make a youtube channel I personally
think you will do way better than
Tristan you might in it so the reason
scared them right now I don't like to no
tunic a just a tune again Congrats
Tristan I'm always wearing by the way I
like you better than tanner ha you think
that's going in the video buddy no did
you see your comment up on the screen I
don't think so are you leaving in their
username no no but I leave in the
profile picture so people can maybe get
a guess I'm going to put my dick in your
ass hole and make you yell daddy
thank you for censoring it because that
actually takes a while at it well
editing because then I got to get the
little you know the black square she
actually sucks Talan make youtube videos
for God's sake Taylor and talent so lazy
right like he's so lazy you just go
ahead and do it the next picture of
Taylor in Times Square New York City I
took this one Taylor likes crew team
worst I've ever seen anybody spell
Quinton's oh you know I left it in
drinking kids cos inor what is it kids
with you I'm gonna start selling on with
Quentin on it instead of that penguin I
would smash if Tanner was watching I
wouldn't watch if you were smashing
Jesus Christ you sick bastard this one
is on this picture of Taylor in my room
with some dogs why are you in Tanner's
room I was thinking the same thing let's
get out and I'll be the dog your brother
has a four million dollar mansion and
you can't afford to buy a toothbrush Wow
look at you yell that was actually
really mean yeah that was rude and my
house is not for million dollars it's
1.2 and I have an extra toothbrush if
you need it my jeans aren't even yellow
but they're not that you use I into your
crooked yellow teeth like they're
straight and yellow mine go back and
forth like sometimes I wake up into
yellow and oh my god
yeah it also depends on what I'm wearing
yeah was I wearing a certain message
yeah the very last one you guys ready
for this day but play
she's talking about my brother and so in
conclusion if you use the word play
you're getting you guys now we got to go
film Taylor's video for her channel we
have to go to the neighbors oh we're
going at a dinner for their neighbors no
make it to food yeah maybe they have
security footage of our mom's truck yeah
probably not
they pulled up with no headlights on oh
the people yeah how do we have because
mom was there is any good messages
everybody in the neighborhood so yeah
thank you guys don't watch this video
and don't really like a transpose be
enjoyed subscribe be there and I'll see
you guys the next one and also you don't
have to comment disgusting stuff on my
sister's page you can if you want it's
free there they were there will not be a
part three there might be go subscribe
to both of us if you're new subscribe to
me if you're not new it subscribe here I
guess
good bye hey cities my phone
my part you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
