alright guys just got off the phone with
my mom she called my brother and I a
second ago and she's like Tristan do you
have my truck because apparently her
truck is gone and then she just asked me
if I was in it in the fight was home but
we're all home right now and her trucks
gone where she has she in her room she's
like this is not funny and stuff we did
not do anything with her truck are you
looking back at it yeah this person
should be cameras where they are in this
is huge I can't see all you can like
this is a front porch and this is the
driveway I mean you see the little like
right there so if the truck goes by
you'll be able to maybe see it but only
if they turn the headlights on okay well
I've got it going through fast-forward
but it'll take forever to stand here and
watch it all was it here last night who
does a lot of time you saw it yeah I
drove it in Taylor drove it and parked
it because my kidneys hurt so I didn't
drive so we came home and I went to
Venice someone stole it they have a very
messy truck yeah they also have the
window that came out of the farmhouse
when I was a kid which means more to me
than the damn truck yeah they also have
checkbooks from your bank account
honestly why not that piece of crap you
could have broke into that way you do I
probably left it unlocked I just don't
ever think about it yeah this is why I
tell you to lock it I mean I did a lot
of times but I was going to go back out
to my truck because I was going to leave
again but then I never stopped hurting
last night we did you didn't notice it
like on the down the street anywhere can
you hop in your car and just could make
circle the neighborhood make sure
there's nobody some kids and just pull
it down the street and act like dumbass
and even I guess my mom had just gone to
her childhood house the other day and
got a window out of her old farmhouse
because she wanted a decoration for this
new house and it was in the back of the
truck that got stolen or supposedly
stolen I don't know we have security
cameras we're going to try to find out
everything we can I don't even know what
do I know that I do not see her truck
anywhere I don't think it's like some
kid pulling a prank they just parked it
on the street a few blocks down
I believe I've had a vehicle stolen out
of my driveway last time I saw it did
you see in the driver last night I'm
pretty any attention I have parked it
around four or five o'clock yesterday
and just came out this more
I don't know between them and now I can
talk to my other kids and see if they
noticed it last night
Kim Braun GART I'm going to have to kind
of keep watching that baby sandy my
entire we are literally gonna have to
hire somebody didn't that sad like
that's actually sad so this is one I am
right now I was awake during this so I
don't know I was just downstairs
watching Netflix
I guess what it is yeah it goes all the
way to the present all the way up there
so yeah 115 and 30 45 you can see all
the times down there I haven't looked
back at his footage ever yet mom is such
a light sleeper though wouldn't you wake
up I don't even know
yokas here she's literally on the office
decided where the truck was I will
literally play pointing to be our sniper
I'll hire a military guy I guess mom is
on the phone with the cops still we
don't know how it's gonna turn out at
all that we need
yeah we have a lot of stuff and then we
need you know like my banking stuff we
my mom's going to the bank before this
video is out so if you're watching this
video you still owe shot good luck
you stole a very dirty truck and you
stole a part of my mom's childhood and
you tried to steal my bank stuff buddy
how am I supposed to travel yeah we're
going to California in five days yeah
oh my go over literally not to be able
to go so they're very excited
right you guys can go but I don't know
how I don't know what thank you ask for
good point I can use that to get a lot
of things yeah
parked it yesterday my daughter and I
talked to yesterday around four o'clock
in the afternoon and I haven't left the
house since I came out this morning to
get some stuff out of the truck and it
was gone my kids went to breakfast this
morning do you guys notice it whatever I
don't think it was here they don't think
it was here and they left about 8:30
this morning
to go into the bank well my RA is gone
and now the trucks gone we're down on
your car so we're down three vehicles
now we have three vehicles now we can't
fight over drawers room okay you're
getting that little cop car that's in
that garage and go patrol the area thank
you sigh I'm just trying to lighten the
mood all right we're at 324 my brother
says he saw something we're gonna check
it out real quick I'll hit play so now
it's going at normal speed and yeah you
see lights go on right there in the
bottom left let's definitely headlight
tree lit up that's where my mom's truck
was parked we'll see if we can no no
it's gone what do you think you shut him
back off or whoever was he probably shut
them off and then drove off of you smart
I don't know but sitting here and
watching this isn't going to prove
anything because the vehicles definitely
gone oh there's some more lights you can
see mm-hmm Tristan come here
mom we're trying to watch this okay this
is 331 playing at normal speed now it
gets way brighter like pretty sure maybe
the last time I was someone driving by
just white he gets way brighter
hold on hold on yep way right oh yeah
331 your headlights are on no yeah it's
great how do the other one was my mentor
in the street like the only pulling
around to look yeah whoever pulled
around because someone got dropped off
at 25 and then stole it at 31
it's called everyone knows every
little my kidney thing but I already
loved it unlocked paper folder what
Carina okay yes there it driving off
it's 32 it drove off
they pulled around front yes
well alright I text my insurance agent
see what they said a sexy back so I feel
the bank it's just going to be a huge
inconvenience like I also have one
credit card working while we travel it
really makes me sick to my stomach
watching that yeah don't want to leave
the dog on the Lagarde anymore because
I'm pretty sure the electric fence
wasn't working because Rose was able to
get into the neighbor's yard to our left
that's just open to okay how do they
plan that though house house that night
did they know your truck was going to be
out there did they randomly just drive
by Billy huh the trucks out what
stealing that's what I feel like it was
just random whatever vehicle would have
been out there probably would have been
we're going to gate the whole goddamn
thing I'm gonna catch the neighbors and
say you know gate or not at the
cul-de-sac this is my video from
yesterday that I'm editing right now and
there's my mom's truck sitting right
there in the driveway
Dylan's cars right next to her truck and
yeah just happened overnight and it's
just really annoying I don't know at
least no one was hurt if someone took my
dog it's like if someone just did
anything to my dogs in my family I'd
literally find them and I would kill
somebody like if Luna was ever missing I
would just find him and so that mom just
text me again she said come outside
you're not going to believe this so
let's go check it out Luna come on yeah
on the corner driveway
so whoever have it pour it all the
shreds open it up and brought it back
just lean on my window no but I was in
the backseat of the truck oh my god did
we not was that earlier no when I left I
was not there I would have seen that
well so that was within the last two
hours the trick like I am NOT we are
gating this they would have brought it
back in a different vehicle yeah do not
have monster-human see that's 1/2
million lessee the house they opened it
all what yeah I think they brought back
at the NRO saying we'd like to talk to
ya we have this part for the window yeah
whoever did this can you please bring
back my window they ate some of the
cookie so Mose
it's like I feel like I feel like it's a
prank video if it's a prank they're
going to jail either way if it's a prank
on filing charges because it is funny
have spent the entire morning having to
open new accounts enclose and why
don't we have someone to sit on you then
they wouldn't come back yes
surely not we did got some subway hey we
closed the garage doors everything's
locked up when we left we usually do
lock it up but anyway first it's a
felony to open someone else's mail which
they obviously did so there's a yeah
they screwed and unless they wrote a
bike here with four giant boxes the fan
mail they drove a vehicle there's
stoplights with cameras everywhere so
we're going to call the cops again and
we're going to tell them at noon today
someone drove by and dropped off the fan
mail so they're going to review the
stoplights with the cameras and then
they just zoom in on a truck and then
they can just look at what trucks went
through our neighborhood at that time
get their license plates and find out
where they live and then put them in
prison go into the slammer hi guys it is
a few hours later and the cops that
we've called are not going to handle
anything until Monday right now it's
Saturday because it's a holiday weekend
yeah you know they're busy giving
speeding tickets all that important
stuff so the packages were not actually
dropped off by whoever did you know the
stealing it was by a nice neighbor of
ours that actually found them on a
sidewalk down the road all torn up and
thrown so they brought them back I guess
I wonder if the neighbors ate the
cookies or if it was the thief I mean
you'll be fine either way I mean it's
just a truck I can be replaced hey guys
my mom is out on a date right now if
you're watching this feel free to take
the mobile out anytime you need or you
can use the insurance money to buy a
brand-new truck shout out to the people
that still be disgusting then we're
going to get brand-new kidding but yeah
no more sadness we're all fine we're
just glad that nothing else happened
like if they were I swear if they would
have taken the dogs ID sorry this video
is basically all negative and us
worrying and stuff I didn't plan on my
vlog to be like that today but that's
just kind of what happens sometimes that
is what happens so thank you guys again
for all the support I tweeted on Twitter
about the truck getting stolen and so
many people are like sending me
screenshots from my old videos of the
trucks like license plate guys are all
trying to help us in any way and it
means a lot like you guys actually took
time out of your day to try to help us
so thank you it means a lot tell them
sir doesn't tell now you guys are so
nice should we in the vlog where the
truck last was any final words for
attrition this is its funeral it was
just a good set of wheels and it's not
thing is as well as on the inside that
counted literally found out I already
got three I think he had so much for
watching this video and don't we leave
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace now oh I
could like pick my nose for a little bit
oh no he's out in a vault
you're right you ready for this it ain't
my fault the truck got stolen huh and in
tomorrow's episode we will be sniping
people we're gonna climb up there with a
sniper you came in looking like that you
just may be fun
