I'm sorry to wake you Luna you ready to
go we got to be there in ten minutes
look you guys are doing the same stretch
are is it low today huh a little bit
just a little bit where did you only
guys today we were back in today we're
about to take the all right into the
shop my back right tyre has had a slow
leak for about a week not sure what the
problem is might be a nail or something
so we're going to get that checked out
and the brakes are a little squeaky I
think I have enough air to drive on it
right now I gave my new exhaust soon so
I want all ready to go please refuel
yeah I got a little gas right as I leave
I'm not even to the end of the
neighborhood yet and it's all ready to
tell me low tire pressure so something's
wrong they don't find a problem there's
going to be a problem I just got to take
it easy I can't go fast got to get there
safely without you know my tire falling
on I don't want to have to replace the
whole tire cuz that would suck and
probably be kind of expensive so hoping
that's not the case looks like your
right rear tire has punctured yeah okay
and brakes are squeaking yeah okay
alright I'm going to pop my head in
there and grab your mileage real quick
it's about time like gosh I sat on my
curb forever waiting for you got a
tailor is climbing out here Wow
we out here the only do you think you'll
ever get 10 subscribers no which is zero
videos and I have 12 thousand subs less
this is crap I didn't think or what yes
Luna you want to play hide and seek you
want to howl and give us away so we're
going to sing or watch my sister
subscriber gain for a little while we're
going to try to watch her getting 100k
to do it inside like we have or do
outside inside would be easier but
Altezza mix hot yeah all sizes not that
many places like you get in the hot tub
but you probably die so they closed this
can't hide outside but we don't but
outside hide and see if you haven't done
yet I'm going to me example we'll see
we'll see tell you though this is taking
forever you know what we are just going
to hide and seek now we decided there is
enough places out here to hide you might
want to change your shirt buddy
so not it not us ah sure sizzle oh fuck
he's looser rules are you have to stay
within the backyard and then the side
yard you can go inside yard no hiding in
the trees of the side yard though like
out in that field give us two minutes
one two three
but there's only visit the cabinet I
don't know if I can sit in there I'll
might do that later
leave this trash cans pretty clean I
could get in here and we've set it
somewhere um there's like that tree over
there I could climb into a hot tub 28 29
30 31 32 33 34 the trash cans kind of
dirty with this in my garage so
it's too swampy 5960 I'm coming for you
a little bastard Suzy unlocks oh yes I
forgot this was left open I'm coming
there's a freaking brighter web in my
hair whoo
I'm getting sidetracked but these are
really pretty this is perfect okay let
me go like peek out the window over here
okay let's turn the blind so I can see
out here well there's this car getting
towed very very hot up here I wanted to
make this room a secret room and like
actually put couches and a TV in here
but I don't know if that will ever
happen now because it is just way too
hot I was really good at this game I
would get like way up there like
crouched myself up there oh never mind
there is a bunch of nails my car is
getting towed cause it's messed up rip
there is there is I don't think you can
see me you know what I bet you they're
up there now I'm going to have to
freaking climb up sketchy
hi Jenna oh dang how'd you find me
well I'm a jetliner has been down for
like two weeks
process of elimination buddy you weren't
anywhere else oh my god is getting hot
up here sometime mad - have you found
Dylan yet
oh are you freaking kidding me dude you
scared the crap out of me oh my god
Dylan's in your truck hi Tim is - God up
real quick and rise like Donald I tell
you the back I was running around
forever I cannot find a spy all right my
turn okay your minute starts now oh hi
rose how you doing Rose huh
not so tempting not to look out those
windows okay I can't I can't les
cheating even though I guarantee Tristan
did 30 I don't know where I'm gonna hide
I'm just like what just see you got in
the blue thing and I can hide the Porta
Potty but I don't want you porta-potties
smell like I don't know what's in here I
feel like there's all kinds of like
nails and shit I'm gonna die
I got hungry this is sketchy I don't
want to hide in here
the smell bad there okay I'd say it's
been about a minute rose where'd they go
all up I heard something I hear somebody
walking with it oh that was Luna so much
anybody in here about to drown no okay
I'm just gonna hide here and just squat
down and wait oh my god for a second I
was very scared because I didn't see my
RA but then I realized hey it's in the
shop I could really play I'm gonna total
if I finally get more storage for my
phone but huh go away I bet they're
laying right up there then there's a big
motor party out here I guess I'll go
looking at I doubt that we've gone all
over here but
yeah just a bunch of trash Danielle and
Mitchell hahaha whenever you get where
they like about the trash I was like
okay okay yeah I'm like trying to find I
didn't think anybody would be in this
because it probably smell that ah we
looked over it when you actually yeah I
think so me gonna win yeah I think
Tanner just I'm doing okay the rule is
you can tell me hotter or colder we've
done that before they're going cold okay
there we go that's all I needed
Tristan you've been standing right there
that's not even a good spot you just
shot I kind of didn't try that camera
doesn't expose how I'm holding my camera
now last but not least milind digital
start account now I've been around and
I've seen the spots so we're good to go
we got a little personal wind and I love
it Dillon's the type of guy to go peach
so we have to watch out for that how my
camera is going to die hold on okay I
can't get in this part I've decided that
I'm just going to chill here behind the
hot tub and hopefully he just won't see
me I'm just going to go here Luna do not
get me or you're sitting right now uh I
wanted hang off the balcony somewhere so
you can see I bet Taylor you got a
hundred I know are getting close okay
I'd love to hear about it but I got to
go Oh ready or not here I come
and let's see um
get him on my truck
no okay what they hit my car like they
went to the backyard this is we've
already hid back to your bones
hi we are in the backyard and it's time
for some bacon it's too small I thought
I could get in pray I was in the third
mean collar it did help me take a camera
yes good news Tanner just gonna sound by
the way I'm the winner
okay I'm deciding to expose myself
because it's too damn hot over there by
the hot tub I wouldn't have found it
laughs nope but I that I wanted I got
found second both time you gave a plan
quit if I would have I would have gone
inside we're gonna look to my face a lot
for some on your I like pod right yeah
wait hold on oh you're such a gentleman
still on there why is it going it's like
a white like with the king or something
that you got it uh uh we're getting
really close now you going home yeah
leave yeah I gotta leave okay Oh God
thank you goodbye Dylan bye Oh Oh
well I think you got first place I got
second you got there you suck you suck
you suck what all your hard works about
the payoff you're excited or what you
coming in for this magical moment I am I
set my alarm like every 30 minutes and I
was trying to lay down because my kidney
hurt so that I wouldn't miss it and then
I go get it
Oh last hand here we go I don't know
when to start it
everybody unsubscribe what stroller I
didn't you're gonna make it
oh yeah just from the fuck dude oh wow
it actually stopped on it hey we're
gonna screenshot it from my video there
you go huh
she has to make a video possibly some
more yeah well we're going to go ahead
and in my video there since they get so
much for watching this video and if we
leave like insurance and if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you as an
excellent so you haven't do this for a
while I'm talking to a fast gonna train
her yeah
because I know you don't like you know
nothing it ain't home I thought you came
in looking like that you just made
