holy crap guys I have never seen my room
this dirty before I'm about to clean it
up don't worry I got Pringles I got
clothes I got
there's there's literally just sitting
up there it's just so bad so it's 11
o'clock I'm gonna clean real quick and
then I'll see you guys a little bit I'll
be like two hours to be honest I'm very
tired I'm so tempted to go back to sleep
with Luna I looked inside my mouth okay
can I go back to bed while I clean real
quick for clean Axl here's what my dogs
did to my downstairs living room in one
like 10 minute span where I left them
alone it just goes on and on it's so bad
they literally went in my bathroom
grab toilet paper off the counter and
just destroyed it so yeah good enough
right yeah I cleaned a lot it looks
pretty good I mean those clothes are
going to get hung up in my closet I have
so many clothes under here tell you what
I already knows yeah you don't wear this
yeah probably should so I got to finish
that my mom can help me whenever she
gets home see my old closet was too
small to hide a lot of stuff in this one
it's pretty big exciting this walk-in
and throw stuff so what is to eating
rose Luna
but yesterday DJ I you know the people
to make the Phantom drones and all that
I used to film a lot of videos with
drones like whenever I used to go to the
bridge and stuff and there's a lot of
fun but I always shared my other drone
with my grandpa we both paid half and
then he took it and I don't know where
it is right now I think he still has it
it might be broken he still has it
apparently but yesterday DJI sent me
their brand-new Mavic drone it is so
freaking cool they have all these parts
with it's funny like way more mobile
controller and they have car charger and
everything that's in with me it's just
smaller it looks way better carrying
case hey can you girls like watch out
I'm trying to do an unpaid promotion
here okay at the end of this video
whenever I'm editing this video I'll
probably give you guys a code because I
don't know what it is now my mom's like
getting me a code he tells me at the end
but I want to fly that today I want to
test it out and since my room is clean I
have the peace of mind we can do
whatever we want today right didn't
upload yesterday because why didn't I
produce soon I didn't film that's why
but I was in a video for my brother so
you guys can go check that out on his
channel we tried candy from Greece I
think it was was that right
me Taylor my brother we tried some candy
so if you guys gonna go check that out
it's all my brother's channeling in the
description or your this type interest
in brung GART because I don't know if
I'll remember
but it's cloudy out today it's kind of
sad looking I don't know what we'll do I
wanted to go back to that bridge I'm
pretty sure it is still illegal I don't
think they change the law I don't know
why it's illegal to go to that bridge
because it's definitely safe we've
jumped in it before as long as you just
test the water and then you know I don't
know why it's a big deal it's not even
that high and if you have friends down
there in the water then nothing can go
wrong
insert clip I really want ear test the
new drone somewhere we'll figure
something out I'll call up don't
equipment a little bit is my mom is here
to help me sort through my clothes and I
think this is well I still have two full
drawers down here cause there's a lot in
there some in there I know remember this
like I like that one that's my playboys
sure there's a pink one this better
though all my team shorts where have
these been no where have you been I
think no one in my yard
you smell like this hey you want to help
me figure out at work at drone no I
don't know how to work it it takes a
while to set it up we'll get it set up
what sound cool you're told yeah I don't
know if we should go bridge jumping or
just like like pool jumping in my
backyard Sigma no one's seen the
backyard and there's one hanger left
over for the shirt I'm wearing according
to her worked out perfectly yeah and we
did find the Playboy one where's it at
somewhere in here yeah there it is okay
guys this thing is charging it's almost
ready to go before we go outside we have
an announcement from Taylor bang hard
tell me if she gets to 100,000
subscribers link in description before
she uploads a video she'll make a video
and maybe more than one right now what
are you at 80 K let's go to the live a
live channel she is eighty four thousand
five hundred eighty seven so we just
have to get her 16 K that's it we can do
it can I have your hundred K o'clock
because I never got mine no
like are we ready yeah no idea how the
controls work good probably the same as
the old one but we're going to watch out
there's a lot more trees the trees will
go to the rack of things we go
we're record in yeah how do you take off
on the old ones good you have to do you
like yeah put them both down oh and sit
okay down yeah now you go up try to
figure it out or go jump around
Oh aye mr. Jones
look how cool find a dog
they're close for comfort go get her
Luna all this feels good it's really hot
out I'm going to show you guys like our
whole properties I've never been able to
get like a drone shot of everything you
know before my phone dies let's do that
how does it feel define when you said
woods again it's cool I remember from
the bridge that looks so cool on this
drawn dude it's right right there is it
fun we're going to go into the backyard
over the trees wow this is like a video
game didn't didn't intend to - in this
mean just restart yes I know ya see I'm
looking at a roof and I don't think
there's anywhere we can safely jump off
like on anything it's so slanted you
know let's head over the pool you asked
me or girl I feel like she can feel the
wind from the propeller I'm going to get
this amazing shoppers Rosen eating the
pool geography does that he's really so
good at swimming
fighting the water I'm taking off my
pants
Oh hit my butt so hard
Oh worse than my grandma school throwing
info battery we got to take it down and
grab it yeah grab it out air
I got it we got to take this to a really
cool place I mean this is a cool place
but you know like a cooler place like
like an illegal rich jump yeah that's
not a legal identity and again doing
late to filming so you may or may not be
able yeah this time it was a sleeping he
was taking at poop dude this thing is so
hard right now who do you miss around
today who better leave that in I want to
screenshot that and sing it to people
yeah oh my god in the countess regal bow
okay ready hold on some there right yeah
here's a little bit better huh ah
millon Gitchell ah quick sleeping and
pooping
I'm sorry nobody else does that we are
here everybody we just got inspired you
you got your natural attitude same skill
level as me but in fire flames and mute
the I deserve for a long time and I will
the effects is the only thing that makes
it cool I haven't shown them once
actually show them so hit a chord that's
cool
and then this is treble and bass he
taught me so hit accordin is like
yeah you guys like it
isn't it sweet yeah got all this stuff
you know we got rusty bent katanas you
need make sure it's separated by tank
tops normal shirts and good shirts yep
and then there's only long about leave
and what is this then there's a stoop
way in the back oh yeah that one's
really cool I have a suit way in the
back of mine yeah random camera stuff
lots of guitar hero guitars half of them
don't work most of them no work okay
guys it's 9:30 at night now from that
last clip Paris is with me now Dylan
Quinn have left look what I found while
cleaning my room I found this hat those
of you that watch all my videos know
what this hat is all right here goes
turn off the light real quick hi just
doing it so I don't know where my family
is Paris and I just went out to a fancy
dinner at this restaurant called sumo I
don't know if you guys have ever heard
of that they have this grill in front of
you where they cook it I'm guessing some
of you guys have like a place like that
but dude my house looks kind of creepy
right now look I can just use this to
look around though it's pretty sick all
the lights are off I don't hear anybody
gonna have to eat like three hours ago
they should be home what hello
where are you what are you guys doing
what are all of you down there
oh you sicko you sicko I'm kidding oh
that's on the picture you sent me today
does Rory know so many ways yeah guys
we're gonna go ahead in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it yeah
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and don't we leave like a genocide
if you enjoyed subscribe for new I'll
see you guys in the next one he though
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
