hello hey what's that well we're repo
how's your body how's your ankle
good good good yeah real good
no good I don't smell good can I take a
shower haven't taken a shower yet today
I'm on a street bus don't open that poo
okay what are you oh my guys today we're
back in today we are at my grandma's
house I'm spending the night you're not
spinning and I I'm going better
I'm actually really tired but we're
probably going to do a pool video again
maybe we're starting this vlog really
late in the day because I had a busy day
Dylan might be coming he might not be we
don't know yet yes I'm in responding for
a while
exactly because if he was coming then we
were maybe going to do like
hide-and-seek outside here because
there's like really a lot of cool places
out in you know countries if you guys
had me on snapchat yeah I saw a giant
snore snore m-- sign snore you guys saw
a giant storm and me driving through a
big river which was the streets last
night and the car has seven weeks you
step three and he says dream to get more
it's frickin River out here dude what
the heck oh my god guys that's one big
river right here okay we're up to two
feet let's go let's get through this
dude this is so deep now oh boy okay I'm
almost there dude this is crazy I have a
low coolant on my engine this truck
better make it all the way home because
I don't want to be stuck in a river my
truck just got a bad
we are a high hop last night and we just
looked over out the window and it was
like a huge like tornado looking cloud
spiral so we got scared we went home but
then we woke up and Ed just rained a ton
and hailed but no tornadoes so that's
good last time we put three tables so
what else we need to do something else
cool world's worst trampoline into
world's like most shallow backyard pool
I'll go my nuts was climbing for some
fun that's how cold it was do you have a
pair of scissors and do you care about
your trampolines ma'am you've a section
of it out I don't care I'm not doing no
trick anyway we have permission from the
authorities now we're going to take the
scissors that I use for popsicles did
you put any sour stuff by the tree no
I've gone forever and looser oh I forgot
it raining yeah I just ruined my socks
look instru I don't know he's freaking
out
it's not even wet you know how they say
don't run with scissors my neck is
restore again I don't know what I did to
it I think it was just doing flips with
Grandpa that made my neck hurt again so
it's sore so I'm definitely not into
anything like real cute maybe was
staring at a computer for five hours
might have been that dude this is like
way harder to cut in line with you did i
watch so much Shane Dawson today ah
nigga run these inside because grandma
used to yell me when I wouldn't put them
back after eating popsicles and then
like sometimes I'd spend my popsicle and
put them right back in the drawer
without wash them off they get sticky I
guess I'll take off my thumb yeah catch
it get it be cold so I just want to do
my best trick first
a rail it came to know fast and for to
impact that's happily makes you go up so
try to go out i didn't swim I just took
a shower front flip with a one and a
half twist
Wow you need mouth-to-mouth I did a half
twist with a one and a half foot if you
make one more big black why is that like
jumping up a foot every time I take a
bow give me a cue
are you are you died well he deed you
know DDD didn't get a shot at me like
Kate Upton coming out of the pool
second ones graphics right now just like
right now I've done with trampoline it
scare me he not scared of anything
hey you should go to me watch wait
what's new saying where I get on your
shoulders and we like yeah a couple the
legs now drop them there we go look who
finally showed up you're not a
misleading oh yeah sleep in Nam you
missed out on a lot we sat in bed for
about that yep guys we are out here I
got a blue pasta go I got the world ugly
short on that I told myself I'd wore one
tire company in Austin and the world's
ugliest face shut up are you sure this
thing's safe mr. Owen yeah
the only thing on my back can we
completely yeah jumped off and we fell
yeah I remember that off the platform he
fell into the water remember when you
get actually fell into the water without
getting killed you remember that or go
home only ever wear matching joggers
because my no fit anymore
then they Strunk in the washer something
cut off at the knee making jogger short
you did it without dying good job whoa
that's way better than last time there's
like a stepstool now he completely
turned the whole thing good I feel like
I'm going to slam write nothing down
there
go loser you're not going to slam me
anything it comes in your way
I get it gives me first do I'm gonna get
the best action shot ever
Wow yeah good jump off the ground no
keep talking dude I'm scared of getting
too much speed and slamming into that
but sometimes you don't make it
yeah me too mega you didn't jump fast
enough dude oh you're seeing couldn't
taking a piss
consider the turtle really might be
exact internal Humira this is a better
action shot than doin - same oh dude
his arms look really good no homo lotta
homo did he make it
oh he made it for the first time ever I
put this thing on my crotch backwards
like behind it to keep my foot in
hopefully they stay on my feet I'm not
going without shoes because you get a
splinter on the wood over there look at
my stretch marks dude they got even
worse hello should I go and you pulled
onto my back no yeah high-five
ha ha ha at the foot it's gonna make it
oh he made it
do you guys do it then I'm good you
don't let's do it maybe let's see how
let's see if you can even like yeah okay
Dylan bring your feet up
oh god okay hold on okay you're stacking
a lot o God command now this about it I
can hold it I don't know hold it though
I'll give you a foot high five oh I'm
coming Dylan okay come on oh god my
heart I have to help Dylan tsk I come on
let me cover the front
no I can't hold on longer come here come
on this step on your foot on that June I
can't hold on longer oh my god dude this
almost killed you be careful you hear me
what be careful if you fall in that
water you better learn
Crouch it's probably two foot deep now
are you going to be down there at the
end just make sure I'll be right here
cuz I'm making it past here need to pick
your legs up and wrap them around
Quinn's like I can couldn't strong
enough in one good legs come up then
it'll be good dude come on
good sir if they work quickly yes you
can hang on with your grip two three
no no oh my god oh yeah dude I can't
believe that I was oh it hurts so bad
I was like I'm choking you so I had to
jump off I was waiting for you guys to
fall in that water I knew we're gonna
lay a flame to the side so I was like
girl like god I feel like I was choking
you okay last thing
Owens gonna hold Quentin who's gonna
hold Dylan yeah are you actually going
to no okay okay
Owen and I might team up and try you got
big muscles too oh yeah
and then so it's about the same weight I
think between that looking they were
spicy
I thought you're gonna go there test it
out oh my gosh this is so scary I know
getting down hold on the whole time hey
so I go yeah only come on over oh and if
you let go we're going to land in like
straight-up sticks they're gonna stab us
we don't know what's under here can I
get one more test week when we can
switch I can hold off okay yeah I can do
it oh my gosh I'm gonna get you guys for
the runway now it's your turn to respond
when I also don't know how we didn't die
I don't want to ruin my cross just do it
do it there okay we're waiting for show
my are my god how did I go my arm
extractor you're gonna kill the come on
listen ah ya doing grab that boon I did
my face I forgot the dimensions I get
off yeah it's reading read hurry there
we go we did it again though I was like
I was really sitting on this guy's liked
leave a like double to person very
sketchy zipline all right we have low
battery my camera so we're gonna have to
go ahead and end it here but thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
don't forget sentence to enjoy subscribe
if you're new and I'll see you guys next
one there was a lot of fun my thought
you came and looking like that you just
made
