what is going on guys today we're back
in today I hope you guys are all having
a great day we just went to some place
mouth tsa PreCheck yeah so now when we
go to the airport we're going to skip
the line usually and then keep our shoes
on and the government trusts us I guess
they check our fingerprints if you don't
have anything in the closet you know
yeah we had to put our fingerprints on a
full scanner and they go wow you didn't
kill anybody in the last year so um yeah
they didn't find out about who I
murdered and we're good to go
repping the new March Tanner brung heart
from John Braun Gardner I'm naming and
then show on the back it's sick and
there's a jacket just another top socket
similar there's another pop socket
similar do we sell these you have those
coming we are actually finally getting
vigeous dinner nice one big promotion
this video it'll be a couple weeks go at
it let's turn the AC on and let's go to
a guitar store because now that I've
mastered guitar here I feel it's time I
go get a real guitar because I wanna be
like slash you know I want to be like I
want to be like a rock and roll guy
we're here I used to have a guitar I
think you got stepped on whammy bars
broken I need a cooler one will I
actually learn to play I on I'll try if
I get bored enough yeah what I'm slowly
realizing what why we never ride in the
same guy why you don't want to go guitar
shopping no not really come on in I
haven't had a shower yet either I'm also
wearing terror-struck and the same
sources yesterday let's go there's
actually red they looked oriented yeah
they're freaking so company looking
drawstrings you could literally just
stretch them to their their so stretchy
I could leave these in my truck oh my
gosh Valley
just for having a charge dude those up
there I just want one my flash have you
know my stick one yeah that blue
inability like that one like different I
love that one else I don't know why this
is 200 and that one's self now it's not
guitar player is up you're literally
cutting off of head your use very bad at
something
I am so bad you're like hey tanner how
are you doing good now you should see
when I jump on the trampoline to like
you're good it's a beautiful color yeah
very nice guitar otherwise to inside now
but the color is very unique they're
playing Guns and Roses right now yes
they are even no accord no I used to I
used to play guitar when I was eight
till I was ten she forced me to play and
I wanted to quit like a year and a half
through it because I never practiced and
I think you made it a year yeah yeah you
will you let me quit like two weeks you
let me put on my birthday which was two
weeks before you made him promise to
take a certain amount of what I thought
it was like a year I just got to get
this in an amp and yeah I love it I feel
like on the antique network my amp is so
old I don't what kind of answer you have
it's like a small little box that's the
brand new Fender amp with a new Mustang
model it's 40 watts so it does put out
some power for being a little tiny of
like that I'm definitely using a area
music everyone at all yet yes we has
Bluetooth capabilities and then get a
new stereo with this yes if you like we
go along and do it like again say an
opportune time for exam one
or take the game
I am and that guitar okay you like the
low back yeah Freddie thank
ngratulations yeah thank you hi guys we
are home now and out with the old and in
with the new you guys have probably seen
me play guitar hero here's a clip if you
haven't I played from the time I was
seven til now so I've had ten years of
practice basically to get really good at
this it's a lot easier pressing five
buttons that are all in a straight line
then you know six different chords that
are tiny and you got to go up and down
and then you got to hit the right one
down here so it's going to take some
time obviously hopefully I can be decent
with in like a year maybe whenever I get
free time and I'm bored I'll just you
know come over here and I mean on this
one though and I said I wanted to
decorate my room a little bit I got more
Kate Upton posters coming on the way one
of them has her nipples in it I think
that will not be allowed on my wall but
I think I want to put this one up on the
wall that Guitar Hero guitar cos why not
I'm going to turn on this amp and I'm
going to learn how to play a little bit
Navy I'm going to learn from YouTube
that is definitely I'm going to learned
I got one
bro how do people play fast and when I
get their hands in the position it takes
me like forever to get this there I'm
slowly getting flashbacks when I used to
play as a kid it would hurt my fingers
because I press so hard this is a D
chord
okay you got me just give me some time
to practice
haha are we nuts a mind if I play a
little thumb yeah now don't judge me if
it's a little bad que my first song hi
lesson number one to both of you don't
ever touch this hey guys pass it over
we're going to do a quick weekly Q as I
haven't done in week kind of feeling
like going to Q and I saw so we're going
to do for the remainder of this vlog who
is more savage between us luna all
here's a good one who is the most
jealous between both of us who gets the
most jealous I think yeah both of us
equal sometimes they care more than
others I don't know why hey hey hey
bring light okay outside the Dodgers do
well Paris ever make YouTube channel
pretty sure this was asked before no she
just doesn't like being a youtuber I've
asked her many times what are you gonna
do with your life
I don't know what will you miss from
Paris's house oh I'm gonna miss climbing
up above her bed and jumping off onto
her bed that she's like a little secret
law and sneaking in my window oh yeah
that's it what if in the new house there
wasn't like window there should be but
whatever what you guys favorite thing to
do together gran friends we're watching
friends right now
season 10 episode 8 we're almost done
when was your guys's first kiss first
time we hung out I don't think I've
actually said this in a video first time
we hung out I kissed her cuz it was her
birthday November night November 19 it
was a big deal to her not really to me
what uh-huh what do you want in your
dream home what do you want your dream
home for dogs for dogs three or four
dogs usually you make fun of me for here
for dogs and two kids maybe three I want
at least one more dog probably German
Shepherd kids that one that my brother's
friend brought over was like super cute
I titled us moving into this house that
this was my dream house it's probably
not my dream house another one Gran's
house we went to in Laguna Beach that's
a dream house do check this out look at
that
say oh my gosh we're definitely gonna
get a cool picture I don't know I love
this house a lot next question Paris
just disappeared oh you're putting on my
hat there's so much rose hair on it you
like Dan and Phil I don't really watch
them everybody talked about them all the
time I'm sure some of you guys watched
them I don't know I don't watch them but
I hear the names all the time so alone
do you ever take Paris to Paris do you
want to go to Paris I hear people are
very rude up maybe maybe that's where
you got what does it love at first sight
no what do you think it was No
what is your 19th pick and your recently
deleted album I have a total of zero
photos in there because it mine I do we
didn't present that to you and I
accidentally saved it when I snatched it
really did it 19th photo her smiling and
blur motion photography the floor is
lava we're not on the floor oh yeah have
you guys ever gotten into a fight about
anything nope
bullcrap we never got an invite yeah
sure no relationships perfect on YouTube
or not I live in all the great stuff
about us but I think everyone fights
I don't really fight with Quinton tight
with Dylan maybe once a year how do you
do with your anxiety please don't show
my name in your vid I love you mine goes
up and then down and then up and then
down and I'm actually going to a
counselor tomorrow about it because
sometimes I'm just having a normal day
and I'm not worried about anything I'm
just focused on whatever I'm doing and
I'm having a good time and other times
we went to the movies one time and
everyone else is watching the movie
around me and my brain is just going
murderer and I went like she has not a
bit of anxiety which is like not fair
I'm glad for you but I swear my brain
never stops running whenever it gets in
those bad positions I guess and they
last like a week and it's so annoying
all I'm going to say is seek help
because you know help is helpful would
you follow fans on Twitter if they
tagged you with your merch um yes I
would I don't even go on Twitter that
marches because it's not my favorite
social media like I don't like it if I'm
going to follow people back I will let
you know by tweeting it and then you can
tweet me stuff how Digg is milind
ditches bitch when are you going to get
the RA grabs I don't know I'm getting
the exhaust sound very soon but one of
my tires is flat right now it definitely
has a nail in it or something because we
just spent the last hour and a half at
her friend's house trying to air it out
and now my brakes squeak a little bit
there is just all of a sudden can you
all do boyfriend buys girlfriend's
outfit should we do that like we go
the mall one day and you buy my clothes
not buy yours what's that exactly what I
just said like I'd go with you to the
girl store and then you go with me to
the guys store and we get each other
stuff want to do it honestly you do that
for me anyway I know but we could do it
for a video okay high five team whenever
the new Kate Upton posters coming in
very soon I ordered three already says
this one Ramez nipples in it and yeah
guys we're going to go ahead in this
vlog gear out but thank you guys so much
for watching this video and don't forget
leave I can't read unseen enjoy
subscribe to new and I'll see you guys
the next one when hopefully I know a
little bit more about guitar chords you
know Nami Falls
peace out doesn't really a nipple but
yes I'm gonna get a poster with you guys
thought you came and looking like that
you just made
