June 25th 2017 is finally the day my
grandpa's going to let me try to teach
him a backflip what is going on guys
today we are back in today I hope you
guys are all having a great day my
grandpa grandfather Steven you guys have
seen him in the videos in the past and
every time I go to his house might bring
up him doing the backflip he'd be like
well I got work tomorrow where I got
this and that and today I called him up
again and I was like hey can we do the
back field today because I was at his
house last night he doesn't have work
today so I was like let's do it he's
like well I was up till 1:00 in the
morning so I was like okay I gotta find
a way to have him stop making excuses
and just do it so I had a thing and I
thought about his car that car you guys
saw in the last few videos
his 1971 Camaro I think it is 71 it's so
loud it's so awesome you guys saw it in
that video literally hurt my ears he's
had that car for like 10 years and he
hasn't got it fixed up yet so I was
thinking huh I want to have him do a
backflip for my youtube channel I want
to show everybody that I can probably
make him do it we're going to see it
hasn't happened yet and I also want to
see him drive that car because I know it
make him super super happy so I said let
me try to teach you a backflip for the
video and if you try I will help you fix
up your car I will pay for it to get
done so whether or not he actually lands
it today or whatever
hopefully uninjured he's going to be
driving that car someday so I'm a
grandpa my cousin Owen are on their way
right now they're going to be here in
like 30 minutes we're gonna head out to
the trampoline maybe the foam pit
whatever is most comfortable for grandpa
and we're going to get started so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video I'm so
freaking sad you guys know I've been
trying to do this like a year and here
we are you look ready for this first
I'll how old are you so we have some
confirmation here at the 7 years old
57 years old I hope I can backfill
around 57 it's good so should we go up
to the found pit or out to the
trampoline first drop opiate first or
would all bad ok we'll start in the foam
pit and then we'll gather for the
trampoline it'll be easier on the
trampoline and we can bring out as many
pillows as you need oh we can do a
backflip - Toby's here to help you need
music minion group first off we'll give
you a demonstration you've seen us do it
you however have a lower time just go
through slow alright so you got to start
with your hands out and you can't really
step back on this but you'll lean back a
little bit to make sure you don't land
back on the chair and then just throw
your arms and we'll probably have you go
over your shoulder a little bit to start
out so I go like this go you're like
easing your way into it that's how he
and I learned and then eventually you'll
be doing well one food movement have to
act like you're gymnasts are we going to
and if you want we can yeah throw your
legs over are we gonna do this yeah
can we do yeah are you going straight
back or sideways I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go forward why don't you take a warrant
jump
okay yep good Oh didn't hurt it no okay
there you go
well I didn't owe me we steer you
grandpa does a lot of work so he's that
sort of got his cab yeah look at his
cameras Dana and Jeff one more time you
want to get straight overhead you want
to eat him do it I won't go straight
over they already in over the few cash
is it yeah second try where to got
thrown into one we're any warm-up
stretches to make sure you don't get
hurt no I never do them either so no
hard ball agent another one yeah well we
come here do it
let me get look one more yeah you did oh
my god I never thought you do this
chairs like rocking back is close to
nothing
yeah oh wait I won't try this myself oh
 sit on you please make sure that
you throw your arms hard you go down not
return yards I'm trying to go make sure
you just make it to your face if you
make it to your knees you'll hurt a lot
less and land on your head you can go
spiders with you yeah you can only go
side work that was Ruby locks thank you
you're going to have this on sampling so
you can do this on the ground standing
but what about this so all you got to do
now that you got the back flip over way
we got the fear out
you just got to slowly start throwing
your arms harder and make try to make it
to your feet you just got to put all
your energy into it and make it to your
feet you know ourselves again yeah yes
yes yeah okay this is truly and we're
hiring good my mom and my grandpa can do
a backflip anyone out there can do it
throwing hard you can grab your legs if
you want I'd like to freezing out that's
happier you know I have why are you here
right time
it oh this is so nice is this trampoline
up here that is breaking in the upper
grandfather's tomorrow yeah let's go to
the trampoline Hut do you want you
pillows for the trampoline I'm very
proud of you that was crazy
that was good backflip I can see them oh
I'm freezing up about halfway on yeah
you'll get past it you can choose any
trampoline you'd like I think the big
one suits you but it's kind of rough the
oval is pretty soft if that's what you'd
like you could probably start standing
just like you did on that chair just get
a little bit of a little bit of a deal
yeah a little bit of the leg back then
we'll throw you over here yeah there you
go
load it in here to hurt you all you got
to do now is keep doing that and then
put your feet out of inches oh the birds
what you're doing is right when you get
up there you go and then it frees and
it's all supposed to be one movement
where you want to keep fighting the
force and go all the way around your leg
you got the calves of God on this
trampoline bar now he's injured
no there's more than that it's down to
the bone come all got off your junk and
went to low you got to reach for the
stars I wasn't ready for that one I was
just like that's not a starting way down
here start like this and then then bend
down and then go up yeah a lot more
force that way hold up feel look good on
your knee might be the worst champ
embarrassing can they see it oh yeah a
little bit better it when we come up
just explode straight up with everything
you got
this don't let me break my neck we've
heard for sale yeah jump up yeah I gotta
go home to Grandma yeah oh gosh I'm
ready you got a jealousy show you don't
want to go to that one modern me worry
what's going on with the net real quick
see if we can't get better than all of
our gathers rougher yeah this one's
softer than it yeah we'll wait before
you get healed up first or what yeah
yeah just like Sampat hide you can can I
bring a nice future I thought you're
going to get into scaring me fight you
ready yeah I'm ready
oh gosh got your arms at the wrong move
oh I know it was out of whack that was
to your needs better than your stomach
your house trying to do it all on your
own life we aren't there well I know it
but I won't you be there just pace it Oh
screw up okay you your knee is actually
purple now I know
hey hey hey she's a thief so we got to
keep it there you down that's so bad
grandpa got scraped up too I can't tell
what's from your work and my trampoline
so your arms go back and your legs are
still straight and then whenever your
arms swing through then your legs go
down so do you think he'll talk or no
grab your legs you think I'd rather fall
so okay then you'll be able to do this
standing you can let the trampoline do
the work oh they didn't come off around
it
I like a new hurt so yeah a little bit
better guys
very good oh gosh oh wow do what you're
doing in the foam pit right out here on
one you go back then to go forward then
three we go back and then four you go
it's like that all right there was a few
three go yeah that was way better heels
made for your feet yeah there you go
that's how you're going to land it you
got to do that one two three four two
three one lucky woman when you do three
three
oh I know because you're going on not
four
yeah you got to go forth whenever your
arms come down past here's one one two
three four three go yeah that was better
than was getting hot out here it is
three up
yes put your feet down there oh yeah
he'd land on the trampolines on like a
sumo wrestler gonna be like two of the
energy oh oh okay you just fell to your
knees you couldn't lie to that one I
could have to focus on put your feet
down now ah yes hey Luna up loan-out is
it oh that's nice take it
wait what no dude
two three oh my face wouldn't go start
up now so that's the part I got to give
ya one two three four landed oh wow yeah
I think I heard that off Yankel oh yeah
felt good we had it - no look wasn't
your ankle yeah wasn't prepared for the
landing I heard it like rule yeah
should we call it a day we should call
it a day so we don't break it plumbing -
well guys you got some going on there
you can't believe it dislike because
your grandpa probably can't do it and if
you can he can't leave it this like
anyway his eye was pretty good you
couldn't land it because we had a slight
mishap he's fine now uh yeah wasn't his
head I'd say we get him next time but I
don't know if there will be you next
time but maybe when you're like 80 and
ripe and ready your Marsh distributor hi
that's my cousin Lily that in tomorrow's
video you need to announce that we have
at least two maybe three new items they
will hit the website on Wednesday hey
what do I have to say we've got it it
ain't my fault tops I get a name I felt
a full sweatshirt anyone in it and then
one of those surprises oh he said
basically we got new merch coming you
guys want some new marshal bet
t be on guard comm check it out you can
pre-order right now all of it is coming
out Wednesday so guess I'll see you
later
oh good job Eddie we made it happen kind
of gotta get there well guys there you
have it we tried to get him to do it it
was a sadly you couldn't land it but
take what I can get I hope you guys
enjoyed this video we're going to go
ahead and into here so thank you guys so
much for watching and don't forget like
and share the sense you enjoyed
subscribe to knew and I'll see you guys
next one you came in looking like that
you just made
