look at Quintin out there he's a slave
to my sister and her friend taking cool
pictures what are you oh my guys today
we were back in today I'm here with
Dylan and Quentin and a trampoline and
we have lots of other trampolines and
we're going to line them all Jer way to
trampoline I actually have a video
called trampoline heaven you do yeah I
was like Gavin suppose with the crazy
mailman guy that came and he's like the
okh is the Antichrist
so we got to get this one off of my
balcony it's stuck and we're going to
set off the spring find a way to do it
and this champion he reminds me of a
certain video involving a bridge and
jumping off it we might do that again
1000 degree pole - yeah we did a
thousand degree ball on it and we also
got another tiny trampoline we burnt
through that with a thousand degree
fidgets spinner so we have one of those
two down there we're gonna line them all
up and we're going to go buh-buh-buh-buh
then we're just going to go straight
into heaven with jube squad won't be sad
to see this trampoline go off the
balcony because no one actually uses it
no-one is going to flip over that
railing it is super annoying to get
around yeah why he always would be like
every time you go these stairs to walk
to that room you gotta go oh we're
sleeping you're just like yeah exactly
it literally takes up all the hallways
you think you can pull on that spring oh
I tried yeah it's hard we're going to
need a spring tool you can cast away you
can take off a spring yeah hey Rose get
out of the foam pit oh there's the
medium-sized Rose we were looking for if
you ever did that's an actual Rose I'd
like yet if I can think about because
I'm gonna kill you as my two fingers not
first jump off the foam pit in a long
time
off the stump it I mean into the home
pit because I that wouldn't be as danger
three to go found um thank you mom hey
hey my mom goes why don't you check
under the gutter in the second garage
that's where they were
this was my spot don't break so thanks
very really careful okay
now we just got it like before that way
like no no I'm closing up look at this
on the wall over here take a look up
here that's perfect
Oh for to read in it yeah thanks guys
yep yeah we got that one that one that
one that one that one that one and then
there's one of my backyard but it's a
circle and we already have one of those
so we have every kind of trampoline I
just held a raindrop we're gonna have to
hurry
let's hurry hurry hurry or any more
sprinkles or Sprint's up there sprinkles
as I said is raining definitely raining
now there's a there's rain in my camera
look sorry we got to pull up sighs so
glad we'll be at the end then the
rectangles in the circle then these
ready this is the heaviest trampoline
I've ever frickin touched well it is
about 30 feet Oh God
I just ran here we're gonna melt
oh ah you guys tell me when yeah and
there you go just one more now we're
going to put that oval on the end
sideways so we'll have the net to where
you just call Internet how did Luna get
up there oh she went up the stairs
yeah I forgot I was like how'd she get
up on the glass yeah no I didn't watch
her I mean I guess she's already testing
it out Wow you better not be peeing on
their gonna you hear me quitting you
want to get a side view of the first run
no I run with you ready Luna Luna come
here you put fun this was slowly
realizing how many trampolines I had
lunar Rose why doing just throw Luna
what he made it he safe yeah I've never
jumped on this one hold on
well this one is actually kind of a see
this is really good good job guy down
rope jump over the dogs for extra credit
are you gonna go get him
Oh God learn I stopped little go get him
no I recognize chicken this over one
last trick Cody Cody yeah oh crap I
don't know mighty funny
ah I cracked Nick you think we can jump
over that net oh you can try I could but
I don't want to thank you dog sorry step
on you earlier so I have a new drone on
the way I wish I had my old one my
grandpa has it it's probably crashed but
for now all we have this camera else
like yet like a really cool sky view
Duke squads just gonna always be better
than me I guess a lot really is because
he thinks he's tall it's funny do you
think you're told
I'm sorry dear you didn't gain we out
here hey should we do the thing Arisa
back up and then we double bounce off
each other's landing yeah after I rest
I'm seeing the blue twinkles why there's
there's only green grasping Cuba I'm
seeing a star am i rise to the hand
stop it no you've got too much flattery
twin backflip in an attack but then
that's what well we do this all day
honey original video go to film economy
is my third video kind of shining
through the clip most of you they want
to know what we're all about
kill keepers trade runs which kid that
he died ridiculous without the
difference how are you Glenn oh ok doing
you lose loser face I think the real
losers about to me me though I'm not
feel dizzy trampoline or challenge
there's something we can do to make this
even better
you ready we're ready crazy
we doing someone else's yard no no don't
stop I will show your normal ones like
you're doing that going out Wow do it
doing it the way your way it's so funny
when Quinn does all of it I almost wore
my Nike just do it sure no one really
doing reach those are first mean was
doing like clip each just do is there's
a bunch of just do it give you more such
people will not understand that I guess
we should say doing it and like stupid
voices instead of great that was our
first mean that was here's here's a
compilation of us doing it as a five
minutes ago do you want
hooray doing doing doing doing doing
doing do it let's do it we actually gave
Nike the idea let's do it I you didn't
do it you doing it you did it yeah we're
gonna see a bunch of comments you're
doing we often rely probably make that
noise in comments section every freaking
day we feel i guarante we'd say let's do
it your way
he's doing oh my dad did it he's going
doorway he's gonna do it
here he comes to do it he's about to did
it in a dress ah not doing it ah I'm
like ruining my credibility video my
video now I've just stupid stuff we used
to say and I still do this is the one
time we're gonna do it
dude it totally did do dirty or anything
get it let's get the thumbnail y'all
back inside
that's doing us behind the scenes of a
thumbnail part two it's not that easy
folks to do so papers like they put on
Twitter like what photographers have to
do is like laying in the puddle ah it
can't see the oval and all barely do and
do something yeah hey guys listen do it
oh he did it I do that now my dollars
can jump on the trampoline whenever they
want to
oh thank you I should do what do
it
don't get them doing dude how are you
enough tired yet so hot out gj5 break
let's go Walmart we need some what do we
need Dylan well I'm in the mood for
Doritos we need two more chocolate milk
could you spilled it all over yourself
dang it
Dylan here I'll record someone else
playing with my dogs for once so with me
the loud noise my car just made reminded
me I get my new exhaust really July mid
July something like that are you kidding
me now low tire pressure so too lazy to
fill up that tire
Drake Bell wait what I didn't like
Josh's wedding the Drake and Josh
album again we were nerds when we were
in eighth grade
I'm every song guys being here made me
realize I haven't worn my Healy's and so
long and I need to do it again huh tell
my map to appeal box opening right now
I'm gonna do that right here yeah it's a
grim wall but on the card actually looks
like old style thing all those are so
good a little bottle yeah I'm jealous
wait where's the orange orange crushing
bottles is so much better than the
normal don't know why it is it is you
guys are unhealthy is just different I
gotta go I gotta go show your ship that
you love oh he's going to meet you down
do these the super fancy waters I hadn't
California once I remember last these
are glass yeah and boss water you're
home fat loss waters nose plastic in the
hotel and yeah due to engine French
class I felt assisted yeah we're gonna
have to carry a or whatever else battery
dude this is more expensive than Fiji oh
yeah this is for me other words a good
chip that huh you liar liar phone gets
my coffee phone right here this is a
cocktail food again Costco is probably
better than he now it's good a self
checkout can't have anybody touching my
fancy water so my hands a little wet
shirt slid away the florentine longwood
turns out this is sparkling water says
right there on the top I didn't know
that I just was like huh guess I'll
smell it see if it is sparkling that
means it's fizzy yeah well thank you
darling
I needed that receipt you had to show it
off later right now we're going to do a
first time drinking this water this is
sparkling
you know good ah smells bad tastes bad
everything Valley
good girl doing the only thing that's
right yeah exactly it tastes like sprite
has been out the Sun you paid a bunch
for those are the bottle that's it okay
this has to be done God alright the
gasoline trail let's get out of it
sorry we've gotta educate on yeah I
don't know about this water just not for
me well when the big pool is closed they
go to the small one oh my gosh that's a
gross looking pool I wonder if that's
just dirt or if they put some coloring
in it or something hello hey number four
I'm gonna join you and so is Paris Paris
have you seen all these before except
for the five half the size mm-hmm cuz
you fell asleep
we're going to join you I'm probably
gonna fall asleep during it just like
yesterday's vlog so I'll probably just
see you guys in the morning
yeah well guys I kind of just fell
asleep after pirates again so I was
right and I'm just going to go ahead and
in this vlog now muna got so big guys I
know you can tell in the videos you have
to be able to you're so big now you're
so big she they need a bath they loosen
like fish from that freaking pool that
kitty pool yeah thank you guys so much
watching this video and don't we leave
like enjoy the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one goose' get info you
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made
