ah oh my gosh what are you going on guys
today we're back in today I walk outside
hey hey no down now now yeah it's
another hot day and of course the dogs
on the pool they're literally in the
pool all the time now they swim more
than I do definitely no no no I left the
door open and then donut Luna what you
Luna come here no no no no no oh my gosh
you can't do that you can't go swim and
then just expect to come in here back
outside good girl
so g'loona look ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
luna is bigger than ROS now wait don't
we have a little bit bigger than having
a dog like this or was it Tristan heaven
like this video of the kitties okay yeah
it was Tristan but there's another dog
stuffed dog just like that looks like
rose but it's a little bit bigger than
that one and every time I walk by it I
think that's Rosie what's the bigger one
anyway yeah it was over here it was in
the foam pit not that long ago - and my
sock is included in their festivities
over here and Dylan's shirt and a
Doritos bag and about the toilet paper
which is all scattered downstairs as
well yeah are you doing better okay I
already knew that but I had to tell you
guys so yeah she's doing better okay I'm
going to Paris his house good night I
always say can I even though it's 5:00
in the afternoon because that's just
what I do yeah guys today we were back
we're heading to Paris this house right
now I am going in the Challenger that I
had back Paris has been using it a lot
but as I said in yesterday's video she's
not using anymore cuz it's just too
risky because she doesn't have a license
might be really bad if she got pulled
over or got a wreck or something so yeah
it's return to my house check it out
it's still pretty dirty down there like
you can tell down there it is a pretty
bad like inside I just went to the
automatic wash but yes I wash my car
today so it looks alright as long as you
don't you know look under it it's still
really gross I need to go power wash
under it yeah I'm gonna bring my tripod
no idea what video I'm filming with
Paris yet we'll figure something out
might be a vlog I don't know but there's
something pretty crazy on the way to
Paris itself so I got to show you guys
by the way I'm slowly getting more
addicted to Bon Jovi I just now started
listening to all this music I don't know
why it took me so long
I've always loved rock and roll and Guns
& Roses and cheap trick and poison and
yeah I always listen to them but not as
much as I do now and it's great it's
just listen
okay guys we are at Paris's Road now and
you guys know how bad her road is right
it's like up and down you scrape all the
time and guess what they finally fixed
it it's insane I'll show you guys I put
in a vlog one time like I did like a
three-minute segment on it I showed you
guys all the trenches on the side of a
road where you can eat your tire suck in
and like break your car but they filled
all that let me show you real quick this
is only exciting to me I don't care so
all the old roads look like that I don't
know if you can tell the difference with
the Sun all of the light colored stone
is where they filled in the hole there
used to be a giant hole like right here
all along this I'd get my car stuck on
and they did that all the way down this
giant road so Paris's father I would
just like to say thank you so much to
Trek yes his name is tracks like t-rex I
like it actually
but there is some news that goes along
with the road that I'll talk to you
about whenever we get inside Harris has
not returned any of my snapchats in the
last hour and a half so she's probably
asleep when I go in her house anyway I
might just surprise her wake her up I
don't know might yell in her face no I
wouldn't do that we'll just go around to
her window I don't know if her front
doors open
I have tried to sneak in and surprise
her a little bit ago maybe like a week
and I went through her front door and
then into her room her door was like
super squeaky and loud so I don't know
how without her windows going to be high
Paris
don't want to knock over your hairspray
good morning were you napping mm-hmm I
wanted to come see you is that so bad
huh I can't see your face all that I say
hi it looks so dark and oppressing in
here can I move this Shh
that's a fake dumb girl right there
teamwork YouTube cook Nick are you gonna
tell them or do I have to you're moving
she's moving away from this house away
from the now fixed road are you moving
closer to me right team work again dude
this lighting what the Frick I look like
Quinn that's raising all myself yet oh
right here okay this is Roma start
taking mine you work out today nope
awesome I told myself that I'd work out
starting today in my workout room are
you pitching minutes but I kind of
didn't do that I'm gonna start soon like
maybe tomorrow on or maybe the next day
and the next day and then the next day
so yeah I wanted to go to Paris to this
house because who knows how many more
videos were going to be here I've only
put your house in like one video anyway
but I love this house something about it
I love I love looking out this window at
night whenever the moon's like big and
right there and then we're like
listening the music you know
okay fine community I don't know why I
wore pants and a hoodie when it's kind
of freakin agreed downside I'm dying I
gotta go home we're not gonna have some
dinner because I haven't even cracked
adage so I've been feeling sick anything
goodbye dago's you're buying hardly the
one with all the ticks look at how big
his kickstart is one on his ear let me
see it let me see it oh boy yeah look at
how big that is on the back of his ear
you got to get that off but it and then
that's Russell and then that's Toby
Toby's pregnant Russell's the dad and
they're going to make cute little babies
these are golden poodles they're like
golden retrievers and pools mixed and
they're really cute whenever they're
young they're still cute but yeah I love
those dago's I love all dogs would you
look at that we're getting home and
they're still swimming oh god this soap
you're gonna close that door we already
made that mistake one I tell you what
man get right off and I'll let you in
we'll watch some pirate are you guys
watching pirates I may join oh this is
the one with the song and the hanging
ropes no that's okay you don't deposit
I'm going to finish my sandwich first if
they can't see
this is what I deal with every morning
with my dog God
Luna literally growls every morning do
you stop petting Luna just listen Jesus
Lee doesn't a lot louder but it's pretty
funny this morning she woke me up she's
like all right yeah guys this morning
now I fell asleep watching the third
Pirates of the Caribbean with my mom and
my brother Luna was just looking at the
carpet because there's a bunch of little
brown spots now that's soy sauce because
they went into my room whenever I was
gone and then they bit a bunch of little
packets of soy sauce that I got from
Panda Express because I had Panda
Express and they just exploded them all
over so there's a ton of little brown
spots and just makes my carpet even
worse I thought it was bad enough
there's a bunch of bean bag hair but now
there's some soy sauce yep there's the
downstairs I was talking about toilet
paper everywhere gotta clean that up oh
here's this this tiny little Kate Upton
poster that came in the mail that I was
going to show you guys I am furious okay
look at how small the thing is what am I
going to do with this I got to go on
Amazon and I got a reorder another one
apparently I ordered the wrong one I
guess I can like put this on Lunas
kennel but after getting that Kate Upton
poster it got me thinking like maybe I
should decorate my room like it wasn't
the old house put some more stuff in it
because right now really all I have is
that big plaque and that's it I mean I
love that thing but maybe I should put
like another Kate Upton poster right
there and like make it like my old room
was you know have some flavor to it
get rid of my own poster because it's
just I forgot to take it down whatever
we moved in here I told myself that I
was going to keep my room normal because
I wanted to be cool and not just all
flooded like my other room was maybe
I'll put some stuff up so leave a
comment let me know
yeah but sorry this is probably a little
bit shorter of a vlog but we're going to
go ahead and in this video there and I
hope you guys enjoyed it and say yes I
much for watching don't forget liking
sure the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe now and I'll see you guys the
next one ah Pierce I get a vote
you came in looking like that you just
may be fun
