hi did they do the easier hard treatment
alright it hurt a lot hello everybody
wants lunch yeah what do you tell us I'm
just going to give you the update on
what all about Leon fine I was just
gonna get lucky a little bit you got
that big news huh
no no I hate surgery except for when I
woke up it wasn't fun because I was
freezing and I felt like somebody kicked
me in the back so like okay can I use
them blanket yeah angels they give you
warm blanket yeah yeah good job Hospital
so my mom had surgery on her kidneys
this morning I don't think I said
anything about that but yeah she's all
fine now there was like an easy
treatment or a hard treatment and she
had to do the hard one because I guess
they couldn't break it up with some
water treatment thingy uh-huh well
she'll be fine now she's had kidney
stones because pop dark pop and M&M
military being it is hereditary I hope I
don't have that because peeing it out
would hurt very bad it's like a little
stone and your pee hole
you know what did you online guys today
we were back in today Logan and Owen are
still here but today we're going to be
going to my grandma's house I think
we're going to put something slide into
her pool with the table that we've done
before you guys will see but we might
also jump into her nasty pond we used to
jump into I might do that it depends it
might have a lot of sticks and stuff
it's a maybe it's gross it's a maybe
it's gross Oh your Chin's just like mine
I shave this morning guys when I got
this knife I was so excited because I
was like yes I'll be able to use this in
the bathtub P o box openings but I
already put in my title of that last one
that I was going to be the last one I
can't go back on my word can i I kind of
miss him kind of don't the cleanup was
horrible but I do like opening you guys
of stuff I kinda wanna use this it's
like amazing prior alright Wow surprise
rose and Luna are not in the pool
they're literally in the pool half of
their lives now all the time I can't
bring them inside in my room a lot
anymore because they're always freaking
wet I'll meet you there taking the old
track yeah I have a startups competition
oh okay all right yeah do your startup
or quite in the we'll do mine yep yeah
you can give a gas
dude why is this thing so scary so loud
I'm pretty sure I've started it for like
eight times in a different video
yeah if you're getting old yet
leave a comment now let's write to
Grandma well guys I want to actually
beat me because there's two paths to get
down the dirt road and took this one and
I had to crawl down it and he doesn't
went past me hard choice no base there's
only like two left Oreos or the oatmeal
ones
Logie breaking in as well I got me a
popsicle best part about grandma's house
by the way
she's always got the supply and there's
summers halfway over him and flipped
backwards yet yeah I might keep eating
your popsicles until you do it you know
that's give me a fire net Oh guys look
it's getting bigger remember those tiny
little kitties
hey watching out and trying to pet your
kid where's the other ones out are they
over here there's one I can get hey hey
what the heck did I do
yeah you like me don't you we're not
okay good seeing you again
so let me give you a quick overview of
our setup here we got a picnic table
with whatever this thing is a little
floaty thing and with the water I'm in
just flies real well you want to show
them homework there you go splash some
water on it
yeah I wish it was longer like two
tables but we don't have very much run
up still fun
I didn't bring a tripod here wrap
look for q1 we don't need that white
thing we do it polish Oh Oh with the
side slits so glad my neck doesn't hurt
that much anymore I still can't do and
same stuff I can do some fun stuff
though and I can move my neck like this
ready for the disco trick Owen if you
make this you don't in the Olympics you
hear me yes 2 2 2 3 2 1
oh holy crap
oh castaway cafe right now hurry why you
got the adrenaline go go go go go oh we
have a little higher we'll find
something that's our new goal catch wait
watch ok no idea you guys are about to
see it's probably thumbnail this video
to be honest we are about to make the
ultimate table little slip and slide
castaway setup you ready I'm ready
Freddy one table down here the fourth
one to go all right
we're entering my grandpa's car into the
loud startup competition Oh God I'm just
going to set the camera down so I can
cover my ears real quick I'm gonna let
Owen take care of this I'm gonna yeah go
okay so please start
battery did really yeah no not put in a
blog before I don't know if I had put
the battery charger on and by the time
we're out of the cooler okay if you'd
fix it up it looks so amazing
okay it'll get there eventually he
actually drives it right now just like
this with no doors or head like dude we
got to get that charged up we have to
show and my grandpa still has the Kate
Upton poster I should have kept one for
me just in case something happen to mine
because I ordered a new one and it's
really small I'll show you guys later it
came in really small I was really upset
so temporarily still no kidnapped and
poster back to the pool hi my name is
drink and that is capped away high view
that's perfect that works
triple table formation now as long as it
doesn't fall we're going to get set to
the bottom of the 3-foot diesel and up
mom is it going to move on both of you
stand over there real quick oh gosh
chest rod
I'm doing it over them
thank God
yeah Cohen has requested bring back the
summer from the Tanner Gregor quick they
album let's get it to it from the album
you can't get anywhere else actually yes
can I get it for my album what was the
table I thought we were going off the
back you push this too hard yeah baby go
oh yeah okay one more cookie break and
then we're gonna go test out that car I
see stuff moving all of it this is Kabir
Xing
you
oh I heard that through me and everyone
wanting to fix it yeah he needs a fix it
up dude that's so freaking loud wake up
every person in five mile radius hi guys
my grandpa's taking a break from mowing
right now we're about to go in his
Camaro and we're about here down the
street doesn't have a windshield doesn't
have doors it has like one and a half
seats is what he just said because one
of them like swivels and it's it's still
fun and I've never ridden in that not
fixed up but it's still amazing so we're
gonna go on a ride in there right now
it's super loud oh boy
this sea is like a rocking chair
I just got dust in my mouth
and the monster is back in the cage
goodbye kita kita kitty give me give me
give me a little give me a little love
no anybody home
hello I'm leaving sauce okay bye bye do
love you love you soon glad you came up
again yeah we move the tables back don't
worry okay I can't let the view
hi guys this is Paris's last time
driving my challenger until she gets a
license because we don't trust her
Knight
I still dust in me from that car yeah
yeah let's race let's race
steal on hold on hold on no no no you
look good today so just stand there just
had to let the viewers see that how's it
going good I'm alternating between this
being medicine and that being medicine
good it was fun we stacked tables and
jumped off them yes noon Luna come here
come here come join us on the beanbag
but she doesn't want to sleep next to me
yeah I thought you loved me
well guys we are back home now that was
a pretty fun day what's my grandma's hey
watch the limb yeah we're going to shot
we're going to keep watching friends
shown friends yeah we're on season 9 and
there's only 10 season so yeah we're
almost done with show it's really good
show and I love my black dog back Bob
see you guys tomorrow
you want to finish my outro key when I
say in yeah guys thank you so much
watching this video and don't really
like insurance you enjoyed subscribe to
new and I'll see you guys next one peace
out no you have to do you see my videos
but yeah I can't do for ya guys thank
you guys so much for watching my video
yes
hope you guys wait leave a like on the
side of your nail right have a nice day
you want to practice right can we go
again yeah that's good in this
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe
