guys I usually don't film on these days
this is the day I'm not supposed to be
filming but guess what today YouTube's
finally let me redeem my 100k
subscribers plaque now that I'm almost
at 4 mil they finally gave me a
redemption code I typed it in it didn't
work but I'm thinking I can still get it
I was just about to make a second
channel and be like just just go
subscribe but one 100k plaque but
apparently now it's finally gonna come
in when youtubers complain that YouTube
does nothing and takes their time
they're right they also de monetize my
videos way it's still blurry we also
took the single best Polaroid ever taken
look at this there's two photos overlap
because one was taking 9 hours apart
from the other one but the camera messed
up it glitched and then we all signed it
there's me and then I was sleeping over
here and there's Quentin and then
there's Quentin's and Quentin again it
just it captured everything if Paul was
in this we'd put it on eBay so I wasn't
going to film today but after watching
this video I kinda went film because
we're going on a yacht we're going on
this guy oh my gosh yes quit nits
birthday is one day away also yeah we
have an idea was we're gonna quit
YouTube okay we're gonna win the lottery
alright smart idea Brandon that's the
adult brain we're here if you were
wondering the croc is still a soaking
wet
mostly to see me outfit
this guy looks like post Malone and he
can sing post Malone
we got blue boats we got red boats we
have big boats but going on a yacht
right now and I live in an RV and this
youth lives in his boat so it's like the
version of it but for water oh that's
the one that's it's a medium but it's
pretty big you know that's a big book
he's got a boat on the back of a boat
climbing up the charts is top ten right
now he can play his own movie in his own
Drive let's go you thought that was it
you walked down stairs here's the living
quarters I don't mind if I do
I guess Oh Tanner you don't need that
ah the Mulan I guess we have a similar
stash in the RV we got two dollars
yeah something harder get in quick don't
worry jack
will never let go y'all knew that was
coming beyond the iMac to set up we have
a little kitchen there's a refrigerator
a stove microwave come back in here
another bed Wow
that's darkness this is an airplane
bathroom
well guys it's official this is the most
expensive day of my life none of its
mine like I'm not spending any money
just like three hundred thousand dollars
yeah we're on a boat now I'm seeing how
people who can get seasick this whole
thing is rocking and I do not know how
this TV is standing up Santa Monica Pier
is right there there's a helicopter
can't see anything with this lens but
the power the way it was like the most
perfect back fling we are literally out
here at the bottom of the giant palisade
and she did a tuck out in a tech head
broke my elbow but we're still surviving
out here guys there's literally a whale
hold on let me try to get it we already
found a shark where we're looking out
here on the sleep oh that was a young
whale dolphin dolphin what a day on the
boat we're about to head back to shore
it's awesome whale saw some dolphins and
I guess we saw a mermaid man but he's
kind of always around us anyway this is
fake money if you didn't know yeah a
blank but I might steal 10k you want to
explain to the vlog how that boat ride
treated you so I'm trying to make it 30
minute vlog but my camera lens croaked
like a pro ways yeah and so when we were
getting onto the boat I could talk but
Tommy got off I couldn't so I just
chilled in the bedroom under a blanket
old woman Josie yeah I saw some sea
lions and some dolphins yeah and I came
to talk to you and you boys you read me
a bedtime story too yeah it was just our
fan fiction so guys it's like two hours
later and it's getting dark here I'm
gonna pick up this vlog tomorrow right
when I wake up after I've been rested we
will go cliff jumping we will go I don't
even know I'll talk about in the morning
I'll see you guys later
it's technically tomorrow now my
retainers are in and I had to tell you
guys something real quick before I
actually fall asleep not only did we go
on the yacht today we just got back from
a billionaires house with Abbi
his name was Peter Nygaard and he's like
75 went to his like five-story mansion
met some NBA players what else did we do
we had the most insane night of huge
influencers met a girl who sells DaVinci
paintings and foreign cars it's insane
what's out there in this world we hung
out with a dude today that invented stem
cells welcome into the groove everybody
you need to put these on and go to sleep
with them you can't see the haters when
you sleep well actually see you guys
tomorrow
BRB
happy birthday full grown man it's going
great
he can barely talk guys but it's Quinn's
18th birthday yeah guys the first thing
you gotta do is hop in the shower we're
going to a business meeting I'm probably
gonna skip all that and just go straight
to cliff jumping because why not update
again meeting is done
Bailey's wearing whatever he's wearing
please don't do it again come on he just
burned another hundred oh look we got
20,000 do not know if it's illegal to
burn money because it's like yeah you
can arrest us for this but you can't
give it's not real money ah this is just
half burn hundred all who bills all over
this three let's see if they'll stop for
the bait okay ah close oh and my mic got
broken it's fun event oh my god I just
leave well the Sun is setting we're on
our way to Courtney's right now we're
meeting Zack and I'm just gonna do a big
edit of all the flips and all the fun
we'll do an awesome at it at the pool to
end off this vlog so tell everybody how
much you like your birthday present but
it's going great wait you didn't give me
a present I gave you that popsicle no
jack'd is in his feature happy birthday
bro it's going fantastic
don't you mean post Malone huh huh I'm
post Malone okay but I don't want to
tell people cuz they crown me
and I'm gonna do
by the way guys dibs clothing is going
to be going into all buckle stores all
locations this weekend by the time these
videos up you guys can go to any of the
buckle stores there's going to be a link
in the description to a store locator so
you can find a store near you and then
you guys can come tons of tips clothing
because we have the whole place built oh
yeah
No
birthday
you happy birthday
happy birthday happy birthday well I
don't wanna hear your son oh you ruined
yo I don't have a $500 Best Buy gift
card because you kidding me I got one
for Dylan but I wasn't prepared you know
we've been on the road we've had what's
the word getting rats so we'll figure
that out later so yeah guys I made it
through another vlog without getting wet
and filming other people's floods let's
go it was really cold obviously is not
getting in but we're gonna go ahead in
this video here and hope you guys enjoy
didn't think I was watching and over to
leave like share the friends do you
enjoy subscribing you and I'll see you
guys next
you just maybe
