hey Logan yeah your bike's floating no
shoot it to get it down trust me I play
a lot of GTA yeah no no no no just the
pistol there you go now shoot it no
fault boom
look at that you can always trust me
what did you oh my god today we're back
in today we finally have a new lens it
took a freaking day to get I'm really
annoyed with that but yeah if you guys
didn't know it and I put in the last
video that I made the little skit I know
it was kind of cringe zu it's pretty
funny though I made it with Logan and
saying dad's get go check it out if you
used to watch those little ones I think
they're pretty funny but yeah my camera
dropped and the little lens filter
things shattered on it and then my lens
itself broke and I have it right here
it's just completely broken you can't
turn it anymore and yeah I can't use
anymore so we had to order this lens and
had to wait for it to come in so it's
finally in I could have used my g7 X but
I couldn't find the battery for it I
think my brother has this I was like
whatever I'll take a day off I won't
take a shower as you can tell and we've
just been kind of chilling Owens here -
hello what are you doing
no Paco Paco making a little pot don't
watch my skin you'd get that so yeah
guys I'm starting this vlog at 6:30
pretty late in the day but like I said I
didn't have my lens so hope you guys are
all having a great day today sorry I
didn't upload yesterday yeah it was kind
of nice me no one went swimming we took
some snapchats we put a table next to a
pool and went like split on it yeah I
think my brother's live on you-now right
now I'm gonna go check his livestream
out because why not I'm a supportive
brother number two and guys Tristan
killing the game let's go check it out
Meetup she's gonna talk trash Tristan
you experienced nothing okay it was my
basement Gabrielle in water screw you it
was kind of like stressful time how do I
dislike this dream I'm kidding I went on
one of his streams the other day and I
was talking to a lot of you guys because
obviously if you guys watched my brother
streams you probably watched my videos
or you do watch all of them but I
realized on that stream I usually hold
back on my YouTube Ally like I don't
talk about certain things I kind of keep
my channel vague in a way because I feel
like I'm constantly getting judged by
people that like just got to my channel
or something like that feel like it's
been that way for a while but yesterday
I was thinking about that whenever I was
done on you now and then I watched
PewDiePie's new video of him talking
about trying so hard and for months now
I feel like my vlogs have been a lot of
me just commentating over my day like I
still try to make it funny and
entertaining obviously and then like I
tried to edit it fun
but I feel like a lot of it was just me
saying like but yeah guys and then this
and that and sometimes that's what I
want my blog's would be but I don't know
I want to try to mix that up a little
bit I just want to do videos that I love
and that you guys will still like
obviously but not try so hard to do what
will get the most views because honestly
I don't care as much anymore I used to
wake up every day and check my
subscriber count and check you know how
much growth I have as you can tell by my
most recent video I am kind of stopping
caring so much I just made a skit that
was like completely cringy but I had fun
filming that and editing that was not
bad at all it was just I actually liked
that so from now on whatever it may be
if it's just bridge jumping or whatever
like I made last year which I actually
really love editing those videos or it's
me playing Paco with my cousin probably
won't make a video like that but if I
like something I'm probably just going
to upload it and I hope you guys watch
them all still I still get so many views
and so much support on a man even when
they're slightly click that you guys
still leave a like and you still support
me so a lot of people think it's just
YouTube and you're just making videos
and that stuff but I worry about so much
other stuff that I couldn't even begin
to explain to you guys I haven't been
posting that much on snapchat maybe like
four stories a day which is not very
much for me and I haven't been tweeting
very much I've just been so busy and
I've been just it's just not been great
the last few days last few weeks
actually that's going to change we're
going to make these videos fun alright
guys just took a shower and you guys
know how we've been gamers all day right
we've been gaming well I have an idea we
move that into the movie room which is
in there somewhere and then we can play
video games on a big screen on my
computer but it's going to be Paco but
like big Paco so we got Guitar Hero to
work on this big TV but if we come back
here where all the magic happens and we
unplug with the Xbox's go down here we
have this HDMI cord is connected to my
laptop plug that in the game so the
graphics are nice and great now that
should yeah I'm a screaming black now we
got to turn on the projector beep ok I
think it's on now right here we hit game
I think this is how it works my mom
tried to teach me turn down the lights a
little bit make it like an actual movie
you know yes we got it we got my PC on
the movie experience so I got my guy yes
he's very festive today Edgar my Stupak
oh god I got it to work I got to work I
got it to work I get it to work checking
my keyboard and everything in there the
probably let's make a desk gosh this
place really is 30 wide in my pill and
that'll work fine yeah let me just move
Tristan's trash off and Dylan's fake
money okay sorry the lighting is always
so bad in here so this is just big
enough for my keyboard I'm asking
something else for the mouse wait how do
i plug in yeah it turns out my computer
can't reach all the way up here my
computer's gonna have to be like sitting
right next to me so that can plug into
that and that I can play the HDMI cable
I have is one really four feet so we got
to go to Best Buy we got to finally a 20
foot long one oh and Logan are going to
come with me right yeah and since I'm
using the movie room my sister gets to
watch a movie in here what is it what is
the movie ghost if you guys have never
seen ghosts still watch it like right
now like it made me contemplate whether
the Pirates of the Caribbean series is
the best like that might be my new
favorite movie I don't even know so
please go watch it if you haven't I'm
sure if you guys have you already know
whatever you do do not eat my bag of
cereal that's for me and my camping only
a few weeks ago Owen and I had to run
into Best Buy because were we getting my
keyboard yep yep this guy anyway Helen
let me get around him and they closed at
9:00 so we were like sprinting in and it
was 850 but everybody in there was just
chill there's still a lot of people in
the store so we're fine right now it's
only eight o'clock we'll be okay turn it
out country come on in scratch up are
you freaking Union okay into my third
home okay so yeah that'll do that'll be
perfect thank you only a hundred dollars
except this is the most expensive port
I've ever seen hundred dollars for a
cord are you seeing this
it's a beanie with a flashlight in this
is why I always spend so much money when
I come in here oh my gosh how do I test
it can I can i push it anywhere is it in
the back maybe ohh
watch that's bright too weird
I could use this for camping like not
even kidding
just these two does where's our truck
out I can't find anywhere hold on oh
there it is
mission successful guys are more excited
about this hat I can't wait to take this
in camping it's going to like
automatically light up my like face I
can complete the air mattress challenge
now boys am i right do something best
ever
yeah
bon jovi everybody I think I'm attracted
to him by the way Quinton come get your
frickin shaker cup out of my truck you'd
roll around all right what's going sighs
you can't come inside you're so you're
soaking wet you can't come in nope down
down walk down stairs hey down you can't
swim and then go right inside okay yeah
thank you
okay this is like native-like silver I
swear this is the most high quality HDMI
cord I have ever seen so worth the $99
probably not let's plug it in now we
take our big loan cord and we take our
laptop it's going to be long enough
we're gonna have to sit in the middle
which is more comfy anyway so okay we
set this right here and it work its back
on the screen if I don't want to make
the screen brighter it's the screen
that's kind of dull boom keyboard is lit
up come over here low B check it out let
me type something real quick boom look
at the chat in the bottom left fuck over
like I wanna know what did I it love you
look it got ah wait thank you
oh I got it last but not least we have
this big speaker in this crappy tiny
little aux cord they came with that
little police car that we're using this
kit so it's supposed to be for that I
guess you can put your phone in that
police car we're going to set this right
here you're gonna work
it's making noises I'm hearing bombs go
off
this is bomb a escarole like Queen play
and everything in between hey Owen thank
you
I just feel Owens mouse pad that's
actually mine I'll set this right here
how do we get it towards the immunity
you yeah
I have a box one over folks no the Saudi
in that also get it does it work yeah
this is it look all right that's
beautiful okay cool
that was Miss purchase Everett resting
come on look at this what's on the
screen
oh my god look I got look I brought my
whole setup in here on this comfy chair
you go get it close to the game you know
no one has any idea what's going on
basically I have my godness or to find
the bad guys
that is when we feel in the flesh so we
got the speaker we have literally the
best freaking set up by you never ask
for I'm very very happy right I mean
this is like perfect for typing this
thing was just perfect size if it didn't
do and if I get to take a plan I'll just
grab this move it over a couple feet
turn off the sound and extend what a day
in the entire time we've lived in this
house would still only watch one movie
in this room but I have played one video
game so there even now you look to to
video all our here's our hero we made it
everybody we shared 184 halogen oh good
night rose good night love you you're
soaking wet or else I'd let you sleep
with me she loves swimming now but Luna
and I are going to bed right now right
right
I literally cuddle with her every night
now let me show you guys how ready rock
Robert or two ladies like this and I
like like this on her oh and then she
pushes me away oh yeah we're going to go
ahead in this video here and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you guys so
much for watching
Gover you leave like insurance if you
enjoyed subscribing and I'll see you the
next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
