hey boy hey hey yeah what are you doing
playing Paco Paco yeah what is that
it's hired someone Paco you making weed
on a game of course yeah sure well I
guess you do look a lot older than the
last time I've seen you I guess I
haven't really been around much such
that's not important so uh you done your
homework yet today it's over we don't
have homework you still have homework
right
no it's slower well you need to go ahead
and do your homework in it do it okay
it's so weird we don't have folders I
will spank you until your ass is red you
do that homework okay I'll see you in a
little bit I'm going to come back down
here in 15 minutes your homework isn't
done
it's enough fat you want homework the
homework going along pretty good yeah
great let me check up on that huh what
is this if there's more weed game no let
that pot go no this is homework you keep
playing Paco no I work very hard for
this family you need to kick it into
gear you remember when I did that water
bottle flip on your head with all the
water bottles you said you'd do that
again you get you do homework okay I'm
taking this as a souvenir you get it
done okay one of my range well I guess
that's enough pot for today huh oh man
kids peace here if there's only one way
to get back at them kind of bored
anyways perfect right
the old man's prized possession is no
exhibition oh crap
all our here's me yes sir
this your car yeah I bet what do you do
for a living so weed that were you
DuPont little pocket oh I figured well
you were going a little fast back there
okay well like I don't know but you look
fat you have a license and registration
I can see you I don't have my license
but uh I got that is this a bribe that's
more like it
sorry I don't take bribes step out of
the vehicle let's what you gave you
broke the fine on
Wow you're under arrest now I'm under a
car now you stay here till I go get your
dad hey I did nothing you scrape the
crap out of it bro no I didn't cause I'm
already there
just stick to making weed son how will
you do it it's not police
this is why shouldn't a decide who's
good enough can you always get the car
off now
no as soon as your sister shuts off that
camera I'm going to step on that car ah
whatever I'm going to take this bad boy
into the shop can you move your hyper
part
so yeah guys that is an insane dad flash
insane kids get me and Logan decided we
would do one again there he is
Paco for life I did actually have an
entire vlog filmed after this of
surprising my dad with a bunch of
Father's Day stuff we got him a bunch of
cool stuff for Father's Day and then I
filmed there and then I had a really
good vlog but I actually only formatted
my camera and my mom and I also just
dropped my camera it's a long story and
shattered my lens so there won't be a
video tomorrow so I guess here is a very
short only skit video that should have a
vlog in it but it can't and I'm sorry
yeah thank you guys so much Ross for
this video and don't you leave like
insurance principina joyed subscribe
Seenu and I'll see you guys the next one
if you've never seen any of my videos
before and it's the first one you're
seeing and you're upset because this was
fake I'm sorry
they said top three qmo an hour I think
I might be getting one like you big you
came in looking like that you just made
