this camping trip is sponsored by
Skybound no no quick it could be let's
grab some food real quick I'm just going
to go ahead and grab this this is really
all I need burnout as a cereal and water
cereal water that's all we need baby jus
we feel like a metal pot and Mike make
some ravioli with a fire I didn't figure
I would like put this on oh my god put
of it here what's y'all and while it's
out guys well first what are you oh my
guys today we were back in today we are
about to go camping and we have some new
hold on wrist a new item I'll set you on
the fridge real quick so I can show you
okay this knife is like super cool we
went to the mall and we bought this
stuff
it's cook bake for one it's like a claw
a knife I don't know what you call it
and said something fancy at the store
but I don't remember and then we have a
big sword yeah these were not that
expensive so they'll probably break on
the first thing we hit you know and then
we got throwing knives and all this is
rainbow by the way like for like oh god
the lens are so foggy it's so hot out
guys literally a hundred degrees out
right now as you can tell by my lens
goodbye Luna I'm gonna miss you hey yeah
to go there okay I don't need pillows
anymore from you because I have some
from the drive-in
good bye Luna give me kiss give me kiss
come on Munna Munna give me kiss gonna
give me kiss hello look at how hot it is
dude my veins are coming out clan are
you proud and man squad uh please yeah
guys it is a Saturday evening we are
going to the same camping spot that we
went to last time with my two cousins
like I said it is super super hot out so
I hope it is not too hot because I went
to the drive-in last night it was kind
of miserable it's just been way too high
here recently like I don't know how hot
it is where you guys live but it is just
steaming nothing we can do and Clinton
has a ten person tent apparently that
we're going to set out I have the air
mattress so we might put that back on
the river I don't know but the last time
Dylan Quentin and I way camping was in
eighth grade we went together down to
the same place I don't know if I've said
this before but we got too scared and my
mom had to come like halfway through it
and come stay with us pretty sad but
that's not going to happen today okay
we're men now now the women
we can stay at a river all by ourselves
it's going to be fun yeah we're almost
there they're right behind me and
definitely the best part about camping
is I get to go down this old road it's
usually empty it's the big straight road
that goes to where my grandma lives from
where I used to live and it's just my
favorite Road I used to drive it like
twice a day in my Mustang my Challenger
and now I'm like thirty minutes away
from the road so I don't just drive a
lawyer there to drive through it and it
just wouldn't make sense but it's just
such a relaxing drive I would probably
feel driving every day if I live close
but we're getting closer
Oh God about 1 2 3 we're almost there
and there's just that guy to beat
instead it might storm tonight where
we're going so that wouldn't be good
maybe you guys can hear me fine I'm
yelling for no reason how do you guys
feel that giant bump that hurt dude I
should have brought my for honor the
4runner is Quinn's old crappy car if you
wanted a 94 4runner pretty great I have
some leftover popcorn if anybody gets
hungry Wes you guys the biggest tent
I've ever seen
if the triggers in a bucket what did we
run over oh my gosh how did we not like
break ourselves you can't see how deep
it is in the video just realize we
forgot fishing poles so we could just
stab them I got you honey
yep no no close your eyes um oh okay go
dude my last tent was as big as this oh
my hey there's even a whole American
flag Wow I think it's a reasonable time
to test this bad boy out hold up there
we go look at that
gleaming East is that where East would
be yo you saw that yeah let's do one
more just to make sure
Oh gran have you seen this thing I don't
get
ah we're getting somewhere now Wow and
there we have it everybody that is
attention if I've ever seen one
look has different rooms in it boom
blast camping trip I made a joke about
giving a tint to err now I can actually
give one let's do it hello you walk on
in I'm in my underwear here's the first
room yeah
and second room Wow that's it it's
throwing that time I don't Mitchell with
the first throwing knife back in the
backyard car okay go
oh yeah throw by the tip he knows what
he's doing okay go get that before you
lose where it was correction Dylan has
no idea what he's doing he was over here
somewhere good thing they're all rainbow
we can glow my turn for the second one
I'm going to throw it like not into the
Granite City yep three two one Oh
where'd it go
what's the hell we're bad lots of
examples later but for now I got to take
out my big sword because I'm going on
the air mattress oh you brought a big
ass I told you I did oh my god you're
gonna frickin murder ups big axe to the
10% in a little extra almost secret
compartment there is rope yes okay I
think oh this is that boy on a stream he
comes around
no staff on the ext choice office at
exactly stop
Yop it oh yeah yeah we were just playing
yeah yeah weren't even doing a new
Friday 13th this is not a joke this
isn't Friday or than 13th
but it's Joe Saturday the 14th 17th
Ashley
okay Steven pretty one wait we can't
throw it with some tide yet hold on why
you're so stupid rel mostly the same
mistake you throw me the pillow right
you got the rope good
thank you oh yeah you bring any other
underwear I'm in my underwear the only
ones I have ha ha hello me thanks Pam
I'm so mad dude how am I going to sleep
on this now I'm gonna freeze shots my
sword around me that's a that is the
worst opposite way you could do that it
goes around your back with handle up
like a purse or something on it's very
yeah ok you know what you can take your
pillows you're going to need it it's
just gonna get soaked 3 2 1
ah you know what you can have the sword
to throw it there you go
Shh hey China we brought you a snack oh
thank you
hi guys we have the air mattress over
there it's all locked in we'll get back
on and whenever we're going to sleep
whenever it's dark but for now we're
just going to mess around my underwears
literally soaked I'm kind of cold does
this count as make it in afraid because
I think it does he can't even crash them
good hmm it just goes in let's play like
there's bricks over there we get to them
on yeah brick there you go you got a
nice solid surface to crack a lack on Oh
closer Quinton got it dude look that's
all I got man rival yeah oh my god
slam it jump on you broke the brick you
guys want to try I do I'm sure I do
let's park you make sparks on the
fucking brick I've heard our fire dude
oh my gosh oh look at that you fit it
from the grave what ah yeah dude I
wanted to do that oh here let me get
like a really like country angle of this
I'll have one of these in my mouth you
know dude you think blood is flammable
there we go
err I'll contribute well we need sticks
which taken farther in maybe this butter
will dry my freaking pants
doubtful doubtful any minute now my my
underwear will be very dry he closer
just work it's about time to get back on
the air mattress
getting really dark guys we found the
throwing knife I'm very happy about that
I didn't want to you know only throw
them once and pay for them and it is now
dark Thank You Clinton for lighting and
it's time to go back in the air mattress
let me grab my phone even though I'm
very very scared at my phone out there's
still a chance of storms so I'm really
scared down my camera out there I can
just pull myself in if I feel the rain
obviously I'll feel the rain I'm not
using a blanket because we only brought
two and corn and Dylan can have them in
the tent oh boy
er record names okay my goal is to not
get soaked this time getting in okay
this is the one that matters I'm high I
mean it's still a little cold but and my
Crocs kind of ruined here hand me the
champ okay come on oh I just let me go
I'll scream as a disconnection that I'm
going down the river because that would
be not okay sighs look at my croc it's
literally completely ruined looks at
9:22 can you see that it's 9:22 oh god
there's so many bugs um because this
light I'm about to shut it off but I
have 29% on my phone guys we are going
to complete this challenge this time I'm
actually going to do it last time I
floated away so I couldn't do it but
this time it ain't flowing away okay and
I think I'll be fine you know as long as
some swamp monster doesn't come grab me
I'm actually kind of scared of that yeah
I'm guessing I'm not gonna be able to
sleep for like an hour or so you can see
this guy a little bit but it's basically
frickin pitch-black out we have our
knees under we saw a little bit of
lightnings we might not be able to do
the challenge I'm so mad like I was
literally sleep out here I don't care I
want to redeem myself hopefully it goes
good wish me luck um wish me luck that I
don't knock over this camera in my sleep
if I get to sleep out here I might just
stay up all night depends if I can sleep
on this it's kind of scary I'm literally
only ten feet from shore so it's not
that scary but yeah um this has been the
first update wish me luck guys I'm a
show-off my flashlight now so my phone
doesn't die so I can do some updates but
yeah here we go guys was what you see
the freaking sky hold on let me turn off
my light you just just guys I get strobe
lights alright I know I don't think the
camera can see it literally it's a
literally fricking strobe lights of
lightning guys I don't know how to show
this to you because my camera won't pick
it up it's literally non-stop lightning
hold up I got this text from my mom hold
on the storms are rolling in here right
now and they're going to be in your
location by midnight they look pretty
severe not sure you guys should stay the
night down there and oh my dad just
texted me he said the storm just got to
my house so did you don't figure
I know yeah we're gonna have to get down
the ten there's no hope for this video
please don't leave it just like I tried
gone wrong part two
my crocs are literally destroyed holy
crap rip i'ma have to wash these awful
yeah here take it off the sword pull it
in all right put me up I'm taking the
air mattress but I let another one go
already peed on it didn't work so water
bottles it is look at that we're
responsible for no forest fires today
the tent is disassembled we're looking
good all right we got to get out of here
like right now who goes that in there
you got your rope all right we're good
there we go can you see that maybe I
hope I know it's literally lighting up
those guidon why can't the camera seat I
better start storming really hard as
soon as we get out of here first time
the air mattress gets away second time
it storms oh my god
my crotch all dirty so Dylan's going to
get the gate right now because my crocs
are disgusting and I throw them on the
backs on my shoes but uh yeah lots of
keys lost the keys yeah dude I freaking
dropped and I can punch it up then I
hurt you thank you I lost the key found
the cake oh my god this is so scary now
they're loosing tornado warning right
where we are we're in this tiny town
literally yeah Rock it's called rock
Kansas literally so small we're still 45
minutes away from home so wish us luck
we're trying to get home it's about to
start pouring there's still like there
isn't a second where the sky isn't just
lighting up my mom just to me that that
is the forecast for right where we are
so we're trying to get on fast
and now exploring and
got to fly out of the back to my doctor
in the back like halfway up yeah and
slightly oh my god now I'm not here crap
yeah so bad dude what if you can't see
this is so scary when so just to stay
here for a bad we can't see through the
people even behind us docked after we
stop because they can't see this crap
I was following questions guys are they
know every time the fucking tornado that
were tailing FTL's you can actually hear
me we're so going 30 miles an hour all
the streets are completely flooded look
at this guy's it's just like a trucks
paradise though okay guys we finally
made it home I know it's a little bit
dark in here but Dylan's playing some
gta5 I think we're all good we got home
safe it is time for me to go to bed I'm
so tired and I got a privilege morning
so you have to get so much watching this
video and don't really like insurance if
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
thanks for watching we tried it ain't
home
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe just fall
