what if you want on guys today we're
back in today it is the weekend so I
hope you guys are all having a great day
and my car is parked where my challenger
should be because Paris has my
challenger again still too lazy to drive
she should probably to license yeah
we're going to hop in we're going to
drive about an hour to my friend Jake's
house because he's having his air
capital Meetup which is a lot of the
same guys from my meetup he has a few
more I think so that way the meetup in
lots of few more days and I just wanted
you guys to know that I'm not like mad
at any of the guys that trashed my house
I figured it would probably get trashed
not maybe that mad but so yeah we're
going to go see the guys make sure they
know I don't hate them there's still not
flipping brothers okay I wouldn't hug
them and be sad when I'm ready to leave
if I didn't really love and my all right
now has 5,000 miles on it usually I'd be
sad but I'm really proud of those
because I love this part unless I vote
on like you're going to die someday you
might as well just drive I'm excited
because I haven't even been to his house
ever since he got his trampoline set up
and it's pretty sick and why is it
beeping Luna I wish you do over gimme
kiss gimme kiss Farley oh yeah
I can't I can't scratch your belly from
here I'm sorry okay - Jake dude your
backyard oh so much more crowded yeah
people thought I was the only one with
the cool trampoline setup that is very
wrong dude I wanted to jump on that so
bad what's so good no I bet you do my
attention back for today I was gonna I
started jumping on the trampoline a
little bit and I hurt right here yeah
saying if I do a backflip it'll just
hurt there but I sleep with that little
neck brace on I don't wear it in my
videos so it looks too stupid I want to
jump off that but I can't I remember
when we used to jump off that roof I
couldn't tell what's almost Jake you
both have the same underwear
Oh
Oh
like
I can bounce this hi-yah back in the
game like three bounces yeah yeah Jake's
made-up freakin Gatorade thank you
since I landed going forwards I never I
hurt myself it's like right here the
hurt that is like whenever I burp or
swallow a bunch and a robbery hurts
right there so no matter what I do I
think it's just going to hurt right here
a little bit but no good show I could
just watch like it's fun walking take a
break guys just Katie back though I'm
not a donk knows by already his booty
not his back tailbone supposed to go
straight like this and it just sort of
bends in rock right there
all I see is your knife buzz okay so we
have Katie but hurt my neck hurt your
heels are hurt are they so bruises they
were yeah well I don't feel like they're
all like purpley lumpy we had to go to
the doctor the other day didn't you then
this stuff literally everyone's hurt in
some way I'll show you the video native
to many clubs for too many days in a row
that kid over there is two ear
infections you got the worst of it
here's what happened in there
hold on and oh so close that one yeah I
was like everyone thought I hit my head
yeah there's Jaden and then there's this
loss I remember making slipping faces
you just like oh you have your phone in
slow motion to me plus you couldn't use
like your face again you got this Josh
triple the moon yeah yeah yeah dad come
on
it's time to hike
in the middle oh yeah
divorce bliss parties before you one
outfit that's Oh Jersey I know when I
watch Oh
talk up and we both have bruises we had
no idea
both injure shoot everyone sign yeah so
I can't really flip but I can double
about takes me along to delve on
something on board okay let's get high
in insane world's first session Syria
cuties later
yeah where's well where's yeah well
honest well you're not allowed on the
trampoline before we do what we always
do come on what else would thank you and
guys who remembers this from last year's
Meetup
she later hidden hope your your leg gets
better I didn't know your ears yeah my
entertainer
I'll miss you in your hand you're
watering that you alright I did I wonder
- yes I did
leave in a bucket in a bucket you need
soil I'll do it as you yeah I talked
about omni sometimes yes of course
I need your gamertag electable two seven
seven nine electable yeah elect a ball
in the Eng your capital like the
president yes thanks got it see you guys
later
bye guys that was a lot of fun I had to
say a final goodbye to those guys I
probably won't see him for a while I'll
definitely find a way to hang out with
him again because I love those guys but
yeah right now I'm gonna head I don't
have to pick up Paris because she sells
my car and I'm really sweaty am i taking
of the showers can chill tonight
oh crap oh there it is I almost forgot
it's too hard to drive with my Crocs on
because they have the wool on the inside
it's just way too hot out it's driving
barefoot actually illegal because
someone told me it was but I don't know
if it's actually illegal and I don't
find it any more difficult I don't know
well it looks like she beat me home so
now it's time to scare Paris because she
gets scared it super easily we're going
to head to the back door and try to go
through the window or something out on
earth ah dang it
cheers on my bed hi Tristan my cereal
hey will you open that window yeah the
one over here by the fridge yeah I
figured you'd be anything I figured
you'd be on my bean bag and I could like
pick my editor or something but it is a
good thing I went around because I saw
that air mattress thing that we use for
the overnight on the pool and it
reminded me that you guys need to leave
a comment down below of what 24 hour
overnight probably over nine sitting all
day challenges you guys want to see I
want some real creative ones terseness
your MacBook okay I was gonna say like I
was very confused because I thought some
kids on the meet up left it and I was
like what I got here before you yeah I
know I was stuck in traffic okay you
better not be speeding you don't have a
license still what happens when my car
runs out of gas whatever you're driving
it I don't know but it's like getting
close to five so you saw my newest video
mm-hmm what do you think I left out some
part you're supposed to you laughed all
that it was great
good girlfriend those I'm a
mm-hmm this is you New York all that you
call me that I call him that we're going
to the drive-in because I want her to
see the fifth power to the Caribbean
movie again because she fell asleep
halfway through it last time thank you
very much and cars three is playing and
my inner child wants to see that just a
little bit and it's docked at nine
o'clock takes 30 minutes to get there
let's go am I the only one that loves
the smell of gas I don't know why I just
love it you love it good yeah I know
that's a cool sunset so go go back
well this sounds visit Miley Cyrus the
climb for life direction she gave you
secure Anna thank you ma'am
thank you high five bro thank you we'll
see you later
feel it the sky is so pretty and we made
it on time heck yeah come on that you
and your yellow nails why why'd you do
that I got bored I don't know why we
brought a blanket it is so freakin hot
outside it's so humid there we go check
it out we got the ultimate goals set up
Epicure toe picture oh yeah every time
we come here I take a picture with my
towel the both of us for some reason we
got to hurry I think it in between my
toes
put it on 10 seconds when you get down
here stick it in you disc I hit the
button okay 10 9 hey dick
everything I own Oh for record mile
Godwin was that hard to do okay oh I use
both toes left on that side Joe Johnson
is very very very blurry oh I want to
see your toes enough oh whatever
alright guys the movie is about to start
I got myself a pickle it's almost gone
this one's weirdly spicy I don't know
why we got popcorn and fruit snacks down
there can't really see you and then I
got some waters we're set but it's
almost dark and yeah there's really no
point to continue the vlog so hope you
guys enjoyed this video and thank you so
much for watching don't forget like
interdependency enjoyed subscribe to new
that's a pickle burp subscribe if you're
new and i'll see you guys in the next
one peace up in a salt my thought you
came in looking like that you just made
