no we can't start yet I'm not done what
is going on guys today we're back in
today I still haven't taken a shower
today and it's 5 p.m. in the video take
a shower
no Dan you got 10 I know right I was
that my son for the first time in a
while and I'll time to change clothes
but I'm not going to because there's my
new fave but yeah today corn and I
decided we are going to be reading each
other's tech most of the text messages
so I'm warning you guys now it's
probably to be a lot of editing in this
video probably some black bars I want a
lot we are family-friendly youtubers we
may or may not be family-friendly
textures um communicators face climbers
we don't FaceTime very much I miss it
when we did and I don't know we scroll
away
it's all one fucking you should go to
the like the information thing and look
to show them the pictures as a verse
there's a hymn of the dog yeah it
doesn't mean it makes fun of Dylan a
little bit so you guys know I watch a
lot of friends right well I send this to
Quentin he'd already seen it but it says
when it hasn't been your day your week
your month or even your year hopefully
some of you get this but it's that guy
who played Chandler and he got like
addicted alcohol I think but it was
funny with everyone rose godson by B and
then I said maybe because he misses
Monica lol we always use activation
points it's tough because we think
that's funny because it's super cringy
so it's super funny yeah we haven't used
a raw XD for a while we say lols and
lol's before Quentin comes over this is
usually how it goes how long till you
enter my household eight minutes I love
you do you think Dick's Sporting Goods
would have any good workout equipment
Daode LOLOL look I want to look like
Jason yeah patience is pretty cute into
the picture of you and face Interpol
Quentin correcting my grammar
he always sends me pictures of my tweets
and makes fun of me can you have me
proofread your tweets because your
grammar angers me I said some things
instead of some things my dad and then I
said I use Siri because I was driving so
I said something to wait ain't my fault
and then he said you shouldn't be using
Siri and driving and I said about to
embarrass me please skip to three
minutes and try to watch this is what I
said about films new video and I said
I'm sorry but the cringe is too real and
he said hi watch the first minute ish
and laughs we've told Dylan his video
oh crap and he says that he acknowledges
it but he won't change it I said just
smile and try to have fun I don't know
if it's possible for Dylan of fun while
filming we're trying to help him change
K we don't want him to have to go back
to public school with all the mean
people that make fun of them for
following his dreams me neither
maybe I make quality content like me one
day I sent a text a few days later I
actually want to get workout equipment
today so where should I go
supplement giant has some I do believe
if that doesn't looks cute then maybe
dicks
as in de Sporting Goods the fact that
the fu K what did I say the fu K it's
not a bad word okay judges funnier yeah
this is perfect if you sing up to CEO
say it fast yeah you know the way he
says it in my bathtub sometimes he'll go
fook or something like that maybe well
it's in the hard drive I don't know if I
put it my videos or not but that's what
we text each other and then sometimes we
say buck bu k and that means the same
thing but it's just funny and sometimes
we say wrassle frassle jacks and asshole
too much wrathful this means rats but
wrathful we have our own den one quick
and I said are you with your faggot
still or do you want to go with I was
asking do you want to come with me to
the workout equipment place and we call
our girlfriends faggots like I'm still
with like fgts yeah and I'll actually I
said spell you guys see ya so whenever
I'm hanging out with Paris and he's like
hey I can I come over or something I'll
be like yeah I'm with my IFTTT give me
30 minutes or something like that and
then he goes nope my fag guy has strep
or something because the throat was
hurtin and then I go oh and he goes once
Michele gets home with McRonald I can
come here just in wishing good working
out places we don't really say come Co
Emmy very much as we like to live life
on the edge a little edgy but we didn't
think people would ever see these so we
were in a district speak
oh can I put this this word in I don't
think I can start to the see you guys
and guess what we're not going to
elaborate he sent me a picture of
someone tweet of my description without
your link in it so I'm sorry he's gonna
be in this one yeah Meyer it will guys
that are kick and if it's not tweet so
he can send me out of there pictures
Quentin goes once Brees that brie is his
girlfriend once Brees done getting her
nails done can I come over with her we
always say over like that too or he does
ovk floor Oh
techadon and probably to the bottom
that's a little true
this is quit inside of the text he said
love me some Milo he's in your YouTube
video funny politician kind of guy he
told me to watch it and I said what is
that and then I said I saw BBC and got
scared if you don't know what BBC means
I'm not going to say right there above
the age of 13 you probably have heard
him below the age of 11 and I've heard
of it I'm sorry
Quinn and I left my house at the same
time I took my r8 and he was going to
McDonald's in his Jeep I was taking
Parris home and he said I just heard
sirens did you get pulled over I said
nope not yet
he said well the cops are out and about
mister combated and then you said I've
waited 100 minutes from McDonald's sir
are you alive yeah that was whenever I
hurt my neck he said did the doctor say
Chrissa get it and I said hahaha no she
said you almost died me Dean Oh buck
what exactly did she say and I said that
I should be okay and get a neck brace
and take meds and I almost broke this
bad word
so does this mean I'm taking over the
Midwest meetup filming and editing
I said haha I didn't know I got it bro
same as in my videos were quality enough
for your they they're not okay no
offense to Greg Rowe okay he's one of
the guys went to my meet up he stopped
by for like a day he's like literally
one of the most outstanding athletes
he's so cool I thought he was a myth
because I saw his page as a bunch of
other people so I was just like an
account name he's literally an Olympic
gymnast who's so freakin good he was
doing like the toilet bowl stuff he's
doing crazy flips and he was really cool
but no one thought he was going to look
like what he like what he looked like we
all thought he's going to be like a
ripped 20 year old gymnast but he looked
like that quitting texting he says what
the f is this Greg Rowe I said yeah he
looks like a 40 year old gamer he said I
thought he was twenty rib gymnast and I
said nope FaceTime me soon for the vlog
and then that's when you FaceTime me and
I was like you know I hurt myself
well there's got to be somebody to get
my back in the shower I'm trying to get
to the top and it is so sometimes we
talk about other youtubers to not
usually in a bad light we're usually
like hey that guy's funny
yeah good video usually talking about
Ricky guy is hilarious
anybody remember him we both like h3h so
yeah I just figured out he had
Tourette's like a few days ago I didn't
know that loved h3 h3 and like PewDiePie
and then I think they're funny I don't
know how many of you guys watch them but
if you're watching this video probably
don't just watch the little flipping
videos you probably you know you
probably watch my other videos and
Quentin sent me this one and it says j12
old sweets we're family-friendly and I
said haha and he said did you how
squeaky-clean because this was during
the Meetup and I said of course not this
one was today you said what are you
doing three day I said nothing I don't
think he said what if I come over around
3:30 I said well sure what do you want
to do today he said no clue kiss a
little I said okay fine
confused then I said kind of want to sit
and do nothing today and not film this
was before I wasn't going to film a
video I was going to take it off and
help clean my house but my house was
getting clean then he said well okay and
then he said on my way and I said kkkk
and then he just now sent me the picture
that you guys saw on the screen a minute
ago hi so those are some of the text
messages now we're going to go through
the the pictures on the details of our
text messages we're not going to go
through the text fight amours going to
review important sends me a lot of memes
about him and quail er he still wanted
to live on we all know right we text way
too much Gigi squadron via playlist live
Dylan Mitchell oh god I will fight him
Kim we don't need that drama then you
said you'd have to be there to fight him
where's though mean to Dylan we love
Dylan by the way this is when Dylan was
going through a hard time whenever he
was hanging out with some people we
didn't want him anyways yeah he was
falling in hooses he was hanging out
with the wrong crowd that we were we
were being kind of mean to him because
we wanted him to get back on the right
path and he's we're being mintues for
hatred this one's definitely me Quentin
this picture to me and said this is so
you and I said yeah when you rich an
antisocial AF I'm not rich yet or else
I'd have that house I'm gonna go to our
save snapchat we will 500 district
everybody suck your teeth out when I get
back you saw me how do you project as it
as you gather thinking mercy they didn't
notice it many so many freaking funny
game here's a dog with some liquor huh
my stomach hurts we also make fun of
Dylan Mitchell's tweets we send each
other features of his Twitter and we'd
be like what is wrong with this kid let
make fun don't let you
this relates to the video whoa there pal
that was pretty edgy this is Quentin
when he was a young cowboy me lad
well whippersnapper Wow Brazilian
pictures and we haven't taken Instagram
pictures for a video long time yeah
because these are the been sick usually
the ones that don't make Instagram some
of some of them do I'm not sure all
right guys we're going to find one more
funny picture oh no mas fotografia and
then we're getting in the video so it's
funny really good ones we made fun of
kids at our old school used to make fun
of us a lot everyone was really like the
other YouTube channel you're so gay then
I go look up people's names from our
school and almost all have a youtube
channel now I'm gonna go into my
snapchat my safe snack for the last one
I found one where was this we were on a
bus going through my bus going to Philly
Philadelphia from New York that is me
with a sour strip on my face for the
poop emoji hat from fan mail and
couldn't go there and yeah guys that is
this current for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it we might do it again
someday there's just more text going to
come make fun channels like Danny
Duncan's we could show all I know I keep
saying when I'm 18 I'll show the hard
drive so July 24 2008 now we're getting
close to even age you know yeah like a
year in a month and the hard drives
being released hopefully my audience is
mature enough by then and will accept me
for who I am
but until then I'm gonna keep bleeping
out all the cuss words yeah thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
don't feel like ensured the friendship
you enjoyed subscribe now and I'll see
you as a next one alright half as bad it
ain't
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
