it was this big resign names oh so I
don't put in the description guys here
is everybody's name and Instagram boom
there's all there at its just going to
leave it married or a golf ball
announcing a room they forgot one
sponsored by - I forgot one at Dylan
Mitchell I got in my hand there so you
say yours Casey at Casey Bloxom flat
kicking horse
okay here's you can pause it and visit
all theirs because that's a lot of times
that's not nothing
listen if there's some flash Dylan no
one cares about Dylan's oh yeah you're
good you do that obscure okay funk 11j
Nelly Colin underscore German Teodoro
Carlson will underscore underscore
Burnett Jessie Jiang Kowalski I got it
right cam sorry 77 underscore.js DJO
underscore Mar Dylan Gavin man official
there you go solo flow seven is Solomon
and anybody want a chicken sandwich for
the road and everything okay oh you can
refuse hands burger oh yeah what you all
know you can't tell cuz your other yeah
oh yeah
okay then I should you should hide away
in time anybody else going to Julie yeah
everybody yeah because she can right
away
you bet I don't know okay well do the
outro foyer leave we're sticking this at
the end of this vlog everybody all right
Jesse yeah I can't make her the woman
say goodbye Luther hmm well she must
have gone downstairs Merritt I just had
a feeling you were here so I went
outside I was driving it again sure this
once again I did not want to take Paris
home at like 11:00 last night so I just
gave her my car so it's basically yours
now in Quito just about to explain
something to them you just want to sit
in the back I guess
not another running say you can stay and
play with Luna hi guys we're going to
sit on my desk for a second so I can
explain something to you and tell you
guys something so this is probably not a
surprise to many of you there's not
going to be a Midwest meetup next year
or probably ever again because you guys
saw my house in yesterday's videos
basically just completely destroyed and
here's my room so bad bathrooms
the foam block right there all the kids
are nice and the great people and stuff
obviously when you have that many people
your house is just going to get trashed
and destroyed and you think whenever you
have a trash can like one in every room
that maybe people would like put away
the trash after they but all right well
it's just even after everybody's gone
like let's just check around let's see
yeah in this corner we have someone's
shirt water bottles Starbucks
literally whatever this is wrappers a
fork freedos trash or water bottle
that's about every corner of my entire
house right now my mom came downstairs
this morning and she woke me up by
screaming because she was so mad she was
like yelling and like getting everybody
to clean up because someone dropped a
watermelon in our foam pit at 3:00 a.m.
just a full watermelon dropped it and it
exploded everywhere because that's
hilarious
and someone clogged the toilet upstairs
which overflowed and I guess they were
too embarrassed to say anything so they
just left it overflowing which is almost
ruined the ceiling like the first day we
moved in almost stripped down into the
first floor luckily it was new tile
floor and it could hold the water in the
bathroom and last year my water bed got
popped and a bunch of other bad stuff
happened someone poured bleach all over
my pillows last year just was doing
bottle flips with a bleach can exploded
and this hilarious just dump it
everywhere also I got to show you guys
my Kate Upton poster yeah it is mm-hmm
so you come over here now the og Kate
poster is ruined because I don't even
know whether they still I think it's
just water or something that stained it
probably Gatorade or something did you
know when you're playing ping pong and
you have that Gatorade in your hand when
it's open you just like throw it
straight behind you onto someone else's
stuff hilarious someone stood on the
back of this couch and completely ripped
the cushion off of it and didn't say
anything they're supposed to be locked
in like this but not anymore I guess
this was just ruined and I was going to
say something last year but I talked
myself out of it because I was like no
I'll just be nice but yeah we're
definitely not having the midwest moon
up next year and this was not all the
guys like some of them are really really
nice and they help clean up one of them
actually slept upstairs kept all the
stuff in one corner of a row
and was just super nice the whole time
and even though he didn't even make the
mess down here he went on to help clean
it up which is still not like all the
way cleaned up that's going to take a
while so yeah I'm not going to keep
talking about this and it's not that big
of a deal anyway a lot of you guys
probably don't even care about it but
yeah no more Midwest made up so someone
else can take it on that lives in Kansas
or somewhere you don't want to is that
it
what you say again I said come join me
over here oh well I can't I got to go
like pick up every corner of this house
real quick it's going to take like seven
hours of your time yeah my god now that
my rant is over we are outside and we
have the new clickbait tank tops this
time are they exactly the same but
without sleep good yeah yeah this large
please be large this looks like it'll
fit me thank you
no peeking I can see you oh oh yeah boy
see this is perfect because the other
ones is getting a little bit hot in so
yeah these are they live on the website
right now not right now but they will be
within twenty by the time this video
goes up you present ender yes yes so now
you guys can get the tank tops or can
get the t-shirt it depends on where you
live you know some people get chilly I
don't know I like them both but hey this
tank tops legit and so is my armpit hair
should we go shave it you need a photo
of me for the website I'll vlog the
photo okay take it
we got to get it backwards picture Wow
look at that
upstairs is already clean well there we
go I helped Wow I don't know if it's
just me but this room looks lower than
it was in my room I'm pretty sure a lot
of these flew out of the pit and that's
partly my fault that was quick that was
a lot of fun though we had the door
closed by the way so we were being
responsible how how does the phone block
end up there there's also one of my back
you dare me to jump down there tomorrow
my next feeling a little bit better I'll
get back into it soon not today but soon
maybe tomorrow there are so many clothes
spread out everywhere that are
definitely not mine so we're going to
have to like I don't even know what
we're going to do it then last year we
got a bunch of free clothes too I have
so many clothes that I wear once and
then put away and I hardly ever see them
Bree to go downstairs into the movie
room right now because I want to try out
something oh but we do have a little bit
of food leftover that's not bad
I'll eat this first of all we will need
this into the movie room I haven't
tested this out the only Quentin have
but I have not
what were they playing before aha black
ops 2 bomb showing me how it all works
is this where the magic happens yeah
there's too much magic happening I don't
know what's going on yay thanks mom are
we rolling captain hmm does it look cute
all the projectors in my face it's so
big looking good why haven't I done it
yet I'm just going to kill that
there's no needed lag on this big TV
this is beautiful
these are 2x lockers I wanted my room
and then the Xbox 360 in this room so I
was going to leave the Xbox 360 in here
so I can play this whenever I want
what the hell I am I can play to be a
part of this joke like this click my
shadows on that like I'm on the street
it's a lot better and pirate I'm just
going to leave this guitar right here
and leave the game on for when I come
back hmm I see you oh yeah you might
want to move my Challenger or just
actually just pulled up by my truck
we're gonna go get some of the drinks
it's really really hot outside today I
also got to take a picture in this
frickin sweet ass tank top I said ass oh
boy I shouldn't bad word in one of my
other videos this is just me changing
now tell your parents all stop and you
can keep watching me hi Tristan I
thought you quit parking here huh yeah
yeah piece of crap the first two days I
hurt my neck I can only look straighter
concerned to the sides at all
now I can look like over here and over
here pretty easily but I was driving her
home one day I could not like I was at a
red light and I tried to look over I
leaned my whole body up like that
so bad I can't wait to be back on a
percent so I can at least like jump into
my foam pit because we took the beanbags
over on the bottom of the foam pit and
we put them on the top and it's like
super soft now everybody was doing
castaways and I just sat there even
Dylan did one like what even I didn't
know that you did that'd be really cool
we do that for video that's why it's
easy man it's near the eye sees
affiliate ID we out here if got
Instagram picture I'm definitely gonna
Phyllis on the way home you took them
both did me alright guys we are back
home now it is 12:30 a.m. we kind of
went to her mom's house and had dinner
and then I didn't have my camera so
we're home now we're gonna play with the
dog goes a little bit and we're going to
go to bed I want to say a quick thank
you to her well the people that did my
clickbait album with me to send me a
bunch of get-well-soon cookies they're
honestly great people doesn't thank you
guys after seeing my brother's friend
Jordan's dog named Scarlett had German
Shepherd that was running around I
really really want a German Shepherd I
don't think my mom would let us get one
I mean she loves our two dogs but I
don't think she'd want a third one and I
don't know
I'd want a throne by I really do want a
third one at the same time I'm a dollar
goes kind of person haha she joined me
oh okay yes she literally hates
everybody
come here Luna come here Luna Oh under
my desk classic there you go good girl
hey I'd like talk come here Luna no
what's up I'm done being embarrassed so
yeah we're going to go ahead in this
video there and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and to you so much for watching don't
really like interest friends be enjoy
subscribe he knew I'll see you guys the
next one big hey jammer Ozzie okay
my god you came in looking like that you
just may be fun
