button I'll be back you to burn on I
would cry giving leave garage in LA I
would have to leave those dude we moved
on to minecraft bigger and better things
from GTA and zombies yeah now we have
four people on that bed let me in and
then and litter and she sucks because
she's dumped in the pool and I she got
ruin my bed even more the mosquito but
she started to sleep on the sampling red
look at our big taco taco come here
scarlet haha you came back for me didn't
you yeah she bit the crap out of me
yesterday oh yeah I found my rainbow
unicorn thing today is full day from the
meetup for those guys I get to sit and
watch you're gonna sit and watch yeah
yeah sit and watch squad yeah
same diving board as last year same pool
hop on in children not everybody's going
and yeah Jane Ellie already left to
other people three other people leaving
today feeling it sets out like castaway
again today he said no
we got the UH Norwegian music
I'm still following my mom she's ahead
of me and Daniel behind us just got
pulled over I don't know why hopefully
doesn't get a ticket I'm praying for you
man calling him and hey Daniel just got
pulled over behind us yeah I mean no he
wasn't even passionate you know way he
was speeding he was in between yeah okay
hi sister I got you I got you
whether you're on different sides of the
sidewalk it's hard to get hyped with
this slow country music playing guys we
hit a bigot no they're like those
blowers you're trying to say that was
nothing but what is terrible I know it's
bad tell it good oh my okay ready it's
hot look go already
yeah go no warm up Gavin may he's done
Oh what's up Rosen I either stay here
awhile
I know remember that video we did yeah
what's your daddy here
no I'm with my babysitter here isn't a
vlog him and his brothers and sisters
one day at a time with Tanner
progressing we did we watch the Taco
Bell and then that one we went in the
woods
can you least I was fun I met you go
boom
with every die Ryland
first I taught a diver look like this
vlog yeah thank you the bigger than mine
yeah
ah
pleasure
oh go back go back
oh yeah so we go back
Oh
get across
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
in
a pathway
we'll drive down it's quick time soon
with one hand I'm back
I grounds last time just like last year
right in front of the pool for some
reason you know scratch is really itchy
will did a cork on concrete last year
right here so we're going to redo it
that was beautiful dude go go go this is
great little Theory feel last year I was
doing more than last year so we did a
front flip line last year and it was
kind of bad I'm guessing this one's
going to be equal but we're going to do
corks and I'm not going to be anybody
yeah you guys ready great so one yo oh
you guys got it all in the back ha ha
that's so cool way better than last year
we're proving oh hearing Derek cam and
Gavin have to leave right now I'm gonna
miss you I might come over someday you
should you totally should it's good
a weirdo family yeah it's been real
where's the last child I'm looking for
area see their problem of course dude
all right guys we're making a special
stop someone lives here yeah look what
they did with the place bro they said
like you come back whenever I want so uh
I mean this counts right uninvited they
put flowers in an American flag why you
look familiar
what's going on dude I cut down all my
bushes I'm gonna ring the doorbell just
in case someone's home button we're
going to go to the backyard look there's
still the same bird's nest
this is so weird to look at because I
saw my god they have their own furniture
in it what's wrong with them they're
supposed to be my house okay don't know
oh my god they got a second cool are you
kidding me yeah it looks super smaller
than that laughs cuz you've been in my
new backyard
somebody backfoot somebody back flip on
the old champ huh yeah there could be a
trampoline the concrete is stained from
burning mess trampoline I feel bad they
bought it it's their fault god I know
it's scary yeah we go Rylan this is too
small for your size are you kidding me
are you kidding me
taking this to do level what real quick
got to see what my old room looks like
are you gonna go in give a key bro
there's just a big thing I think there's
a headboard of a bend
they put a bed in front of the window
well how you got any boys hello is that
dog still here
dog oh what's that dude her teeth are so
much sharper than Oh God out all right
guys I decided we're going to do an
after after the meet up run through of
the downstairs of my house the upstairs
is pretty trashed too but you know
here's my room so bad bathroom there's a
foam block right there the people at our
old house are not the only ones that are
cool and have a second pool is
apparently my brother bought one for our
dog but I like it when our dogs swim in
this one except this pool is super dirty
now and you can't even see the bottom
anymore even in the shallow one you
can't even see the bottom just because
it's so dirty probably wasn't all the
dogs it was you wonder thing going a
little bit so yeah everyone's leaving my
house tomorrow about noon or a little
bit before we're taking some to the
airport some - Jake Breshears meetup and
some to a hotel I believe at least one
of them I need to go shut that window
which is left open but I want to go over
to the trampolines record a little bit
more flips before they leave because I'm
guessing not very many flips get to be
going down tomorrow time I wake up get
around edit my video it'll be time for
everybody to leave so you know one use
this trend there you go yeah yeah huge
thank you to Skybound though for real
for for one donating this trampoline and
the help with the banner they help every
year so huge shout out this guy's own
they make really good trampolines as you
just saw do you see that oh wow we
actually had so many people helping we
had like Pepsi donate stuff we had
Starbucks yo you know our cameras are
actual twins we literally any mics and
everything ready they're going to do a
kiss Wow Hey
hey guys kind of growing out here I got
to bring this big banner in tomorrow and
hang it up yes yeah yeah we're going so
small so talented 13 years old what do
you think huh
on Goldilocks Hey actually can you spot
right there it is really bad yeah
there's a bug see see it little tick
that's a tech you jaw I thought it was a
mole that's a tick do you know how
spanner
okay I need tweezers no you just pull it
off it's crawling gravity got it Oh God
do you not do not have all jumped the
jump screw you I hate eggs I've even
been anywhere today literally just a
little pool I'm basically done running a
stupid neck race I hate the way I look
in video when I'm editing I just look so
dumb and it still hurts it's sore and
it's good like rest my chin because of
my neck didn't have to do very much work
but I want it to be strong again I don't
want it to be freaking weak I haven't
done any flips haven't done anything I'm
trying to not mess up my neck but but I
can double bounce someone do that right
now me and Jeremy okay Jeremy's actual
DB god I'm number of keys and we look so
nice what kind of King yep Oh sugar
honey iced tea okay guys we're gonna go
ahead and in this video here we have one
more like kind of half maybe vlog yeah I
think you guys so much watching this
video and hopefully you guys have seen
the other meet up videos you can't just
watch one get a watch Oliver but yeah I
think you guys are watching this video
and if you leave like your friends to be
enjoyed subscribe see now I'll see you
guys the next one
my part you came in looking like that
you just maybe
