what is going on guys today we are back
in today it is the third day of the
Midwest meeting of 2017 now still has a
fancy scarf on the Internet is totally
dying for everybody in here yeah this
has been uploading for like two hours 16
minutes so it's getting there so we
couldn't decide if we wanted to go to
the pool today or use the bag jump but
we have the bag jump for one more day so
we're going to put it by my roof and
then yeah the little beanbag room has
travelled I heard a lot more today than
I did yesterday I pretty sure I just
slept on it wrong
more more wrong than last time I didn't
sleep with this thing on which is
probably a bad idea but yeah I got a
little bit more sore we just got some
food not to talk all dogs have to eat
you okay this is not fair two rows over
there okay Thank You Jeremy so we're
thinking we're going to move my mom's
truck in my truck and we're going to use
this up there well they'll use it I
doubt I jump and will somehow get up on
the very top and jump off there it's
probably 30 feet 2530 feet we already
have one volunteer for triple backflip
and wait wait Ryland so we're waiting
for the bag jump guy to go move the bag
jump I don't know how long that's going
to take but we're living on pirates
online life and the GTA 5 life and Gavin
is apparently broken now can anyone here
backflip on a hoverboard there's a kid
who claimed he has done it he claims
he's done a back flip off the hoverboard
oh sure sure sure
oh nothing we have the set location we
got to go drag that big bag we have all
of our help coming out at first I was
like oh this might not be good over
concrete but if you miss and land on the
grass you'd be equally as screwed I
think Oh full click finish J now is on
now if anything I love it you two are
like twins the different sizes I swear
you like the two best beer please do the
same trick at the same time like that
try playing fits his size enough it's
yours but in it everyone perfect you've
been working on this flash kick hey
first
no-handed double Katie are you
maintaining the same height the
pre-bagged jump at it
oh yeah oh my god yeah that was fast
guys I just realized we finally have the
penis trampoline setup we got both and
then we just this is really long side of
nut yep this one's oval it's kind of
weird oh we out here okay now we got to
find a way up are we using this ladder
or what there's a window in the beanbag
room that leads to the roof I think all
right we're probably going to end up
using the ladder I'm going to check in
here again real quick I never really got
a good look oh okay there's a big beam
day oh okay hi Daniel
this is up here in the window it's
really steep right there I don't think
that's safe there's concrete below we're
probably gonna have to use that ladder
we got Ryland the tall guy he's gonna
help us with the ladder yes there you go
no no no no okay whoa whoa whoa whoa let
me hold the ladder okay
was it fun yeah that's sliding down not
survive you know whatever roofs to
sketch roofs do slippery is too high you
can't put your hands on it to walk up by
a new idea see those windows up there on
the garage we're going to try to climb
out those from inside like up in my loft
thingy we're going to try it I don't
know if the windows believe in open and
we're gonna keep Island safe in the
process yeah not okay back into the
secret room
that's a nice spider yeah Oh yo it is so
hot up here it's so hot oh my actual - I
know
hahaha okay step in the middle there
you're going through drywall and down
those to the floor and breaking your
necks
oh it does Oh start watch out watch out
watch out get back to back schematics
see these Raptors you have to step up to
step along the wood because that's just
drive all your fault okay yeah when you
tell everybody that comes up ready yeah
go
something helped this is a cool view
yeah dude it was this this isn't that
hot when it's in the shade yeah it is
trick shop for us
alright oh ok ok
we are your family and board and I but I
can say we are a wonder where you are
where is it coming from
oh that's who's watching it huh Jeremy
you watch my videos what not never okay
screw this I'm now on the roof guys look
there's another dog in here what's its
name
Scarlett I want a police dog looking
thing if I ever get a third dollar
somebody's gonna be oh she's big and
ugly in that right Oh hmm maybe then
just like give me attention okay back to
the flip this is a present from your
uncle here you go oh not foampit time
guys this thing finally broke off I knew
it's just a matter of time with
everybody stepping on it and stuff but
yeah it's just shown over there said the
beanbags has come on top of the foam pit
now I had dolls up first cast pole line
that was a skate by Rylan Johnson and
Solomon Berg
Oh
what
nice perfect
why is there skittles in the carpet and
middle and distal showed up us all like
two hours ago we're going to need you
we're in G Tim a castaway to ensure the
castaway god yes it's fine I can you get
your hips like off the wall and then
snap your worries yes it's not your legs
not your like bad you went on your back
see Andrew and solid the best of these I
swear so we go to kick your legs up to
like horizontal like y'all welcome to
your eye or thank you uh I can fit I'm
let's say out here and snap them in it
and then push out with your hand you
don't want to do it so bad right now but
I can't wait you guys both have red
shirt we can just say that's Dylan yeah
I'll get the face can Dylan after you
done paying and you do it we're good one
that River to be massaged oh my god
don't take the piss oh oh okay we're
going to make it even softer for you and
if you will baby yeah Milind is jealous
is a moment of your life you got it
literally pull you're like Daniels pump
and take a break in here chill kind of
broke the blinds really it was like
someone Brooke supplies on the gathers
me
he's promised to do it this time he's
going to do he's going to commit we got
pillows on the beanbag let's go let's go
yes and if you don't do at the time I'm
kind of color to the time you actually
do it and you better because I've been
having this up hold it there was objects
are you don't even got it you got it a
hundred pounds is about to do it yeah
yeah finally
Dylan freaking Mitchell did another
castaway row that was a most authentic
house where we did it yay everyone yeah
screaming yeah yeah the council that
counts go go go J Nellie
Salomon Berg well okay
yeah they lose sticky Andrew oh yeah and
then Andrew again Oh handsome Cass go
Daniel go your bull crack you can't go
go go back yeah
we're gonna go end it in the beanbag
room let's go so I'm gonna do your
handstand and haha look so funny like
you're getting sucked in I turn this
upside down the other hair on that hard
nail anything Wow
there you go okay guys that is it for
this video and I hope you guys enjoyed
it thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave like a church friends
to be enjoyed subscribe you leave like
for Dylan's castaway and I'll see you
guys next one and then I thought hey
sorry you came in looking like that you
just made
