what did you want on guys today we were
back in today I got a fancy new neck
brace hurts a little less what stop Jane
la clickbait swim trunks foot ma no
better I'm kidding give me a hug to be
so beauty yeah I barely got to meet him
yesterday because he showed up a minute
after I hurt myself so that's great
guess what we got a surprise for will oh
yeah oh we're gonna replace happy oh you
got to check the traffic oh yeah check
it out guys
you new set up we got the Orion sampling
up the oval I get to sit and watch all
day but I really don't care well good
news oh yeah
I can do the outro Wow wait just took
that on there yes some help no I don't
want to hear any more excuses about tux
yeah concoction I got to get the one
else dressed right I know I was easy I
don't even know where my drone is I
think it's in my closet no my grandpa
took it and yeah he didn't really do the
visionaries Oh
so yesterday I decided I was going to do
one big meetup video just so that me and
my friends could watch it back because I
always like doing that so I'm going to
do that but then I've hurt my neck and I
didn't want it to be just a bunch of
clips of them when on my youtube channel
it would just be impersonal I feel like
you guys wouldn't want that so I'm going
to vlog it no idea what we're doing
today I think we're just going to get a
big group picture and then trampoline
hangout and yeah I guess it doesn't
really matter what
can that be my seat oh yeah Dylan I want
to see something on this oval oh god I'm
cry
you don't know how tempting it is to
like get on the trampoline and do fun
stuff freakin sucks we'll test it out
that new hands whoa yeah oh oh you want
to show us your signature trick hand and
mouth hand and mouth oh my neckbrace is
sitting warm oh my go inside
I'm gonna check up on the rest oh we
gotta cool around keeping his hand by
the way this is a meet-up souvenir it's
going on the shelf yeah I can't stand up
for very long without it hurting so I'm
gonna go back downstairs yeah I hope you
guys are all having a great day today
sorry dude this round is just called a
time okay crippled squad ready to hear
this let's just sit here like this like
five hours thanks for watching we still
got the black ops zombies going is it
the same people on the bed now Daniels
gone still Dillon there okay Ryland
let's see this just mocking me is that
what your goal is today close your
config need I'm finding more and more
piles of these where we go you need to
see a Python out of the Delta door yeah
people didn't into their pocket but
we're going to put this up by the glass
sampling today and DOM and I are about
to go on a ride and I what do you what
do you think boom
here you go I told him whenever we were
facetiming that he'd go out of the
driveway I might let him go a little bit
further than that maybe get a burr hood
he knows he's a he's a he's a grown man
I trust him oh ho much so I don't know
if I trust my neck to be able to
withstand the pedal hitting the floor if
you're doing it you have to do that sit
down
tumble thingy boy where you sit down and
you do the best thing that what I did it
I'll do it again Jackie I'm about to
whip out an r8
I'll do when we get back he's a
snapchatter by the way guys snapchats
everything he does but it's good he can
look back at his life I guess I belong
everything I do yeah
so nothing breaks started right so weird
happened I've always have been exactly I
do it so much trust call from dad
the last I'm not gonna call hey what's
up folks calls chain conscious yeah I'm
doing okay going on a ride with Dom
right now whenever I went back in the
lady was like is that the first time you
had a neck injury oddly enough let it
you back you go fast right here with my
head against it
all right you better be sitting in the
grass when we get out of this car
oh man I can totally do what he's about
to do guys
he's ready for this yeah this is freaky
oh my gosh one hand one hand that's
beautiful I love that face I can give it
oh my gosh oh my god
going far Oh shade squad is bigger than
I thought that's right so it's what is
shady 102 clusters brings finally some
sunscreen or for the Thunder Collins
it's all on the lenses I mr. Owens first
good trick in a long time I'm guessing
remember our game at Brant you got it
yeah Wow high five through the net not
you ah here's Dillon serving his knee is
not hurt
oh maybe it is oh he might be able to
come if anyone can do it is hate in the
slip King he's literally so young so
flexible and so good like he knows where
he is I who has I must control throws
you in the shade squad roses retired
from her flipping career after that one
backflip I forced her to do but she
liked it
that was recollect everybody's down here
getting this Hannah Solomon is somehow
bananas Solomon banners the tennis of
all the fans ah he says he did a Cody's
not going all out going oh yeah I did on
a fit get it she'll show the viewers yes
yes so easy
hi Dylan go Milind did yeah
double-double everyone you almost had
double that one day but you didn't know
I feel like a freaking dog was wondering
you know the color of the cones they
thought it like smack into exactly what
I feel
ah oh my god back in the shade we go
we're dying out here go I'm gonna look
like dog for all this animals like me
and I'm going to look like a camera
there is now two shade squads
we're about to go back inside is super
hot rockin take a break I'm guessing
pool is next because it's hot it's hot
currently using Dom's beer for my for my
ice you do it has to be done he's the
best uncle ever
your uncle Don by the way Milind is Oh
time for the group photo Dom and I wear
the same size of shirt we do what was
the you know look we spent all night
named add to that we just keep on the
same backhoe wait and now I'm pregnant
what is that same it means that our kid
is going to be very weird looking stupid
I'm I'm taking off the thing you got too
hot and I'm not going to look stupid in
my pictures let's dip it in all the
vlogs
that'll get more views than the picture
oh that's easy
I guess it is time for an edit we don't
have an edit in this video and I like it
it will transition school transition
ready yeah then I'll like go down here
wow wow so no olive older love all the
strings and Jana Sangh slow-mo the
stream
Oh
Oh
tonight you come to me
Oh
I'm
I'm
all right card
bye guys hi oh oh go Taylor with the old
maid I'm sure hey Quinn
you know how I hurt myself no but I mean
for real
well there's got to be somebody to get
my back in the shower
well okay baby
getting it out I would like to be tall
Oh must be nice I'm taller than Thomas
said I'm just a short that way come back
soon Tommy I'll come back in like August
welcome back I wanted to do this for a
lot of the pipes I know I would your
eyes baby the school fleur-de-lis I love
you Celia
now say now but my donut for now final
yeah whoa no for me
does this my surprise though yeah happy
six months
let me kiss nonetheless this is YouTube
one cheek cheek okay we don't want to
hurt you okay now let's go to the camera
now we're ready to watch this instead
show that you don't care about are you
doing anything No
you are the dirtiest I've ever seen you
right now yeah here we have had our
six-month stay yeah get up we get a
trampoline show on this comfy bag that
rose
you're still dirty hi guys we're going
to go ahead and in this video here and I
hope you guys enjoyed it I'm not
sleeping with that frickin thing on my
neck anymore because it was like
impossible to sleep last night
and you're gonna sleep with me I would
but you're not going on my bed like this
fool yeah I think you guys so much
watching this video and over gleave like
in front of you enjoy subscribe for now
see you guys next one peace
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
