I hear yelling you have my oh my
goodness not a real camera - ho I
remember last year that's awesome
hello where is cam and Derek with you
yeah they're coming down camera how are
you bill yeah the guys it is early
morning first day of the meetup we're
all just kind of chilling there's some
kids outside on the trampoline we'll get
up and around in a little bit but for
now everyone's just getting settled in
guys this is Dhamma trick the guy that
got here last night Dominique right
that's wek there yeah people really
think it's Dominic though and I find it
hilarious that is his first name your
mom named you Dominic lights are turning
on because I'm going into a backflip
sorry Quentin look at how effortless is
backflips are it's amazing I love it
so there's some of us playing black ops
- nuketown zombies Dylan I'm Daniel I'm
gonna make a video okay yeah fun daddy
Justin closed rooms where ethical left
right yeah all right apparently one of
the guys just did a quad front should
sit in my room in the morning Wow Oh Oh
double Bob yeah you're gonna have
somebody something I like this actually
a lot what yeah it's good for like I
think it's good for my weight of course
yeah could you huge the bouncer you're
good have a hard time getting up on it I
want a few double lie on this sometimes
you did I did a couple I'll track
standing them away Wow
let's see dumb dude after Derek he's
gonna do process right now feeling okay
I wanna hide out
okay oh let me do a real one in all
tri-state okay track your big to get a
good angle perfectly oh my god Wow yeah
you look so beautiful in the air
standing double Lambie ugly yeah I'm
watching this one in person not through
the camera so I can just see the magic
oh oh my god I'm gonna get this one in a
selfie mode yeah okay so I don't know if
for the meetup vlogs I should do like
little edits of trampling stuff that
last like three or four minutes of it or
if I should just vlog it like normal and
then there's just I don't know leave a
comment down below of what you guys want
to see I'll read them all and we'll see
I don't such an outstanding athlete so
for everybody that doesn't know flips
this is called a twisty end which is
trap we made some noise so the clothes
doesn't think so boring so quiet like
something cool is happening with nothing
that is foundering so yeah you're still
high are you oh god now we have some
background music
oh boy what's happening static Flaxman
Gator baby went oh my god oh my he could
quad therefore find someone suck is
getting torn apart come on come on hand
it over now hand it over I'll take that
thank you better hide that and your
wallet she's a thief so you guys don't
normal people get off the trampoline
right watch Optio doesn't oh oh my god
yeah not gonna be itchy oh I've done it
this way so when everyone shows up you
stop taking it yeah now you can now you
put back foot hey roll all the way from
Australia double full Wow Wow haven't
been afraid in Seoul it's time for an
edit
Oh
Oh
Oh
Tanner let's see the handler on back
yeah almost I'm watering it everyday
know what you're doing my outro now ok
Jeremy so guys this is the flip king 313
yet I mean you're 11 forever in my mind
but he was like the best of the youngest
age I'm in my underwear and yeah he was
like not going to be able to come
together ashlynn diving is that it yeah
yeah he's good so he made it and
quadrant quadrant
yeah
for me
Oh
hey guys I'm uploading my video so if
you do anything cool let me know it's
been an hour still no bag jump guy to
come help us set it up but I hear I hear
big thuds I'm guessing this it's foampit
time maybe thought about blowing up he's
alive dude piled the foam in the middle
and put the pillows on top I heard that
some dumped there it's like a mug yes
hey I don't even know Dom do you wanna
do the phone pity gonna fall through
look at all the pillows it there you go
no matter what
oh please double please double Jesse
you're the only one that you do it
there's good if I could land it not yeah
yeah there's the sky down the Midwest
meetup shirt then there's the church all
the banner we ever set it up how can you
show them what's open up real quick yeah
yeah I have a second one to the basement
yeah I can lay down OVA ok back jump
yeah Elliot meet you Tanner pleasure to
meet you bud
oh it's a good thing we got more
sampling guys look there's just a sea of
people there's 25 total we have two more
coming yes Wow does that just keep going
no no we still love you though ah do you
guys remember him we went to his house
to jumped off his roof over my underwear
sorry
O'Reilly what's that man I got the
nicest ad in the world hahaha yes yeah
yeah so V solo flow is actually her
right now meniscus is that it I mean
it's just tore my knee again it makes me
so sad I was so excited for you to be
here I was so pumped for like you know
he's done like curious yeah so much
crazy stuff skipped off plastic okay
this is what you can do though Len on
one foot it's so good to have you though
yes oh gosh Quinn next please a bedlam
Jessie first rice krispies treat he's
from Australia
Jessie Jenkins something here we go its
outstanding isn't it
Murtagh Murtagh guys taking forever to
set this up we're trying to be patient
so if you're watching this video try to
memorize the people by their underwear
or their clothes I'm in the blue
underwear season black oh yeah I
probably quad now
am i right
are you good are you good
hi guys so we were currently at the
hospital right now after where this neck
brace because I can't really move my
neck much getting into the truck was
probably the worst thing ever in my mom
came and helped me to the truck and then
we went here and we just got x-rays and
they're going to be coming back soon
still hurts really really bad the doctor
felt on it and his freaking socks really
I'll talk more about it later but for
now I'm going to sit here and wait for
x-ray results hi guys we are back home
from the hospital right now so as you
guys saw in that clip I did a quad front
flip and I landed on my forehead and
then like my back went over my forehead
like over my head like I jumped onto it
first time and did that triple front
flip and the guy was asking me do you
want me to make a little bit softer a
little bit harder and I told him I
wanted a little bit softer so then I
waited like five minutes so I did it but
it still felt the same and I went for
quad front whenever I was not ready for
that and like you guys assume you do
quad front flip like into my old
backyard foam pit but I did that like
down three feet instead of up like a
foot and a half because I actually was
above the trampoline and it was just a
really bad idea to go out and I was
jumping as high as I could but I still
just couldn't make it and everybody
thought I made it over and I thought I
was going to but then whenever my
forehead I just felt a pop in the middle
of my neck in the back and then every
time I'd swallow like right here with
her just so so bad and I couldn't
breathe for a while and like my
shoulders and back were just strained so
yeah we went to the emergency room gave
me a nice little bracelet and they put
me through a cat scan you know for the
x-ray and the doctor looked at it and
after 45 minutes they came back in and
they said it's going to be fine in like
few weeks I'm gonna have to wear this
quite a bit I can take it off sometimes
and if my neck tenses up at all like if
I had a bump like whenever we were
driving home a shock wave a pain just
like goes up my spinal cord like
thankfully there's people here that we
cook dinner and they're all just such
great people and they're all concerned
being down in my room and helping I had
Dom hold my head as we were walking back
like my neck could not support my head
like it was just so bad and I was in
major freakout mode I'm more calmed down
now so hurts super bad I need to go lay
back down I'm just kind of propped up
here's the only place I can really get
for a minute but yeah I'm about to go
back down to my rooms I guess relax if
you guys are wondering about the rest of
meet up for the vlogs I'm guessing I'm
just going to go around as much as I can
and I'll blog it hopefully I feel better
tomorrow so I can be in a better mood
for you guys I don't want you guys have
to see me like this and it just it's
kind of sucks because you know flows
have always been a huge part of my life
and I didn't want that to end so soon
but someday I want to have kids and
stuff so I don't really want to hurt
myself too bad yet and that's got just
to close today so I'm probably just
going to stop flips I'll probably do
occasionally like back flips or double
backflips you know into water or
backflips on ground stuff that's fun
it's just the risk for the reward is not
for me anymore I don't I just I won't
have the things in life I'm so glad
YouTube's a part of my life and it has
taken over flips for me I haven't
practiced in like six to eight months
like seriously practice and then to go
for something like that is just so
stupid to me and thank God that I'm okay
doctor said that I just sprained it
really bad and if I would have like bent
over a little bit more it could have
been broken neck but it's just going to
take some time to heal I might take a
day off I'm not sure I really don't want
to maybe the day or two I don't know I'm
gonna try my best to like stay pauses
and stuff you know I'm just so glad that
it happened to me instead of somebody
else's meetup because it would just suck
so bad to be away from home and you just
like dream of this and you haven't so
much fun and can't do anything so I'm
very very glad that it happened to me
and not anybody else and hey I got you
know pirates online GTA 5 to play good
thing I have my talk about them alright
yeah I can't look to the side yet it's
just got to take some time I'll work
with it more and more but yeah I'm going
to keep you guys updated but for now I'm
going to go ahead and in this vlog
because like I said I don't want to
filming them like this I just need some
time to relax and I want to say thanks
for all the nice messages and stuff
because I put a picture on snapchat and
I don't want to be like this so I'll
just send the video and I'll see you
guys later
