you you you you you you just that's the
intro clip what is going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day check out my
room everybody
today is basically the day where we
stick everything in a box and then two
days from now we're taking off mmm Wow
give a trash can for this ha ha ha I
threw all my other trophies I've
collected throughout my years as a human
into random boxes but this one will get
its own cute place where's your silver
play button you don't have one they
didn't percent anyone okay that's why
the frowny face was on that box you know
come soon
games pull ups and get the game so let's
get a clock number two down from the
Attic they don't want to do it the mover
to insurance can't they can't do it with
the ladder
like I said this is gonna be some pretty
boring stuff going on today so I'm gonna
let Tanner from yesterday take over for
a little while see yet the fun stuff
have you ever heard of a game called art
night because that's what I've been
playing I ran a hundred foot extension
cord from my room all the way up to my
mom's office so I would have better
internet for a fortnight are you going
to Tilton Johnson it is till today
there's I know 69% of you guys play this
game but for the other 31% no no there's
other people I thought that did I don't
know
Oh Oh kiss
yeah you guys already know you can play
this on ps4 or Xbox one PC and now
mobile so you can get it on your phone
and then you can play with other players
it's so much fun great way to pass the
time grab report I'm not man it's okay I
will leave links in the description so
you guys can download this game if you
would like let's go for another round
yeah they're coming out with new stuff
all the time that's the biggest thing
I'm proud of this game for doing is
putting stuff out that people actually
want it and it's free to play like I
said link in the description and shout
out to Epic Games for sponsoring this
video my second video back on the grind
I would leap in what's that I hear I
think I hear it I think I hear the truck
step right here oh my gosh that's the
moving truck right there
that's Taylor's new car and that's a
loud truck I haven't shown it but you
just got it literally two days ago Luna
get your head out from under that truck
this place really was the best hangout
spot I'm just so fun I'm gonna miss it
so much the amount of guitar hero songs
beat is insane alright guys it has been
two hours since that last iPhone clip
the moving truck is still outside I'm
still up in the attic because I'm just
trying to enjoy the rest of the attic
before we move to LA which will be
amazing but still trying to soak it all
up I'm gonna give you guys one last
probably annoying buy now update about
my health my mom just called me a minute
ago and we found out from the blood work
that I have to gene mutations my mom has
one you guys already know that but we
kind of just found out about why my side
pain exists why it's so painful I used
to tell my mom I think it's my appendix
can I please just get it out like I
needed it out because that pain was just
so excruciating could never explain the
pain like it anyways my mom had gotten
off the phone with this other mom who
had a child who was born with autism and
she had been researching and took him to
tons of doctors and actually got him off
the autism scale by doing a bunch of
treatments by a bunch of tests so this
lady had talked to her doctor and she
had had tons of research so she called
my mom who talked to me and she
explained it like all these bad toxins
that were in my body from all this food
I'd been eating throughout just mine
higher life in my GG mutation was
basically like putting poison in my body
you know you couldn't tell from the
outside but all this food was creating
this bacteria down into my side right
here and my body didn't know what else
to do but to send it to the appendix
where it would sit there and just bubble
up and create this horrible pain and I
always told my mom I cannot overheat Ike
if I get in a hot area I can't exist I
could never sit in this attic when it
was super hot because it would trigger
the side pain instantly all of that pain
would start coming back because of
overheating and the toxins would be
released I told my counselor that there
was a time where I was getting these
attacks once every other day once every
three days and almost every other day up
at one point and it's honestly
incredible to myself and all those other
people that I lived through that and now
we're getting answers I'm going to be
flying to Portland Oregon I think it is
to go visit another doctor who
specializes and more stuff and get it
further figured out so I can eliminate
all this stuff and get myself fixed
because I don't want to sound like
asshole but look at all the things I've
accomplished throughout the years of
dealing with this imagine what's
possible with it out of the way I've
always told my mom I want to travel the
world and stuff and everything but I
can't get on a plane for 10 hours with
this I can't do it I can't go put myself
under that enormous stress it would just
not work out so and now that we're
finally getting these things figured out
I feel like the tour is becoming more
and more possible and I just I can see
the light at the end of the tunnel I can
see the relief and I want you to know if
you guys are going through anything
anything in the world no matter how bad
it is I'm right here with you and we'll
get through it together I'm sorry about
all these updates but I want you guys to
know exactly what's going on and how I'm
feeling I need to keep packing all my
stuff and putting it in boxes and
putting it in this truck and one of the
other reasons I'm super super excited to
move to LA is because there's tons of
healthy foods there's hardly any
fast-food restaurants there compared to
whether is here I'm ready for a
lifestyle change I'm ready to be with
all my friends I'm ready to kill it and
I'm ready to share it with you guys and
I think that's all I have to say this
clip is 7 minutes long and well it's
still the same day and I'm leaving my
grandparents right now I just went by my
great-grandma's my grandpa and now my
grandpa's he's my stepgrandson no
grandfather Stephen but we still have
lots of packing to do it we have more
new stuff and I requested it overnight
so I just got it yeah it's difficult
your fast but have fun the color changes
oh so does that one this one yep UV
color change technology dibs changes
color in the Sun we'll put this in the
pile of stuff I'm actually going to wear
the giveaway pile of clothes which that
might look like I'm generous but guys I
have gotten way too many clothes whether
it be Christmas or just buying them I
don't have that many expensive clothes
but I have a lot of clothes clothes
clothes clothes clothes haha guitar hero
stuff clothes closet is almost empty
this thing is full of all my stuffed
animals that I had when I was like 5 and
I think I'm gonna leave him here with my
mom so she can remember the little tiny
baby me cuz she's kind of sad but that's
a good thing next morning the biggest
struggle were facing today and this day
and age is how to get trans Gator there
safely he's already got a broken leg as
a lot of you may know yeah it's pretty
wobbly you might have to stand him up on
his head and someone pointed out to me
that it looks like he's humping the wall
like from the side and he's going hey
let's see what's going on up here the
skeleton and the knight are staying
behind in Kansas to protect the Attic
but the dragon skull is coming with us
so do we take down the Christmas lights
or leave them up for the next people
eyes this has a half working attic true
so much more space when there's not a
bunk bed neck
yeah there is if we would have put the
couch right like we could I know yeah we
never used it never
we always sat on the floor last night we
all slept up here that was the first
night we've ever used the monk beds
really we all just kind of crowd around
the heaters in well captain looks like
we're stuck on a coral reef I don't
think we're getting out alive the mover
guys down there doing nothing while
we're doing the work he's getting paid
to do this is an outrage come on Kyle
got it you got it is my goodness this is
dangerous insurance
well you weigh a little bit less than
the movie so it is completely frozen in
time we'll get back to you yeah exactly
sacks and racks out here guys and worst
besmirch in him hey leave me alone I
didn't ask for this ass neither did
Washington but he's getting covered in
sharpie she's gonna lose her what's your
name Tatum Tatum
shut up Tatum Kyle is now on for tonight
playing in the movie room let's see what
happens next four people left
Logan's little brothers here he did not
miss one shot you died you died better
fit another game in because we just got
done packing all of our stuff up and we
got to show you guys it's pretty uh ha
ha just kidding no it's nice happy yeah
let's go a weight room as well it's all
gone we left the running items for my
family cuz running don't get you games
oh good all of the cakes have been
successfully packaged safely in a big
poster tube
my room my room is empty right now it
was so nasty under my bed you breanne
catcher
they forgot it well I forgot it Mike
dream doesn't even see you
look at the dust well there's your
problem
my room looks so much smaller like I
look too big on camera but it just seems
like I could just reach out touch that
wall now that everything's gone but I'm
so excited the LA picture trans Gator
and both of those are staying here for
now and my mom is probably going to end
up driving out to California in the
summer and then bringing them because if
they were on the moving truck all of
these would get destroyed especially
that Taylor nice job pulling in here you
only hit the dog cage a little bit Wow
look at it look so glorious dude so
glorious go follow me on instagram if
you want to see the integrand picture I
took on top of that ah we totally didn't
use that ladder and last but definitely
not least is the Attic for climbin up
and the ceiling is falling out from the
Attic it's a good time we're about to
leave there's a crack over here oh that
one's pretty big too it's cracked there
it's cracked there and it's cracked
right there
well should we do a kansas edit we need
a kansas said it once again set it in
Kansas Kai oh my god push me away that's
it when you say
I'm a crazy here
sir are you okay oh are you just going
for a ride
those were forever
no shame you look insane turning up at
my door
stop it in the middle run but so it's
gotta happen how you doing bro nice to
meet you
let's go one take picture real quick hey
sorry
I've never had to turn on the hazards in
this car it's crazy I wonder how the
neighbors are gonna feel once I'm gone
you know are they gonna be bored or
they're gonna be like relieved they're
gonna find someone new to hate probably
yes they need to find a new youtuber oh
oh okay I was gonna go into the trailer
but I don't think we can pay for your
ride yeah yeah let's go Keith I'll see
you guys after we give Keith a ride here
everyone gets a turn okay
I love being in this attic and I love
being here but III mostly just don't
like seeing this place empty and I want
to get to California as soon as possible
we have a whole other day of sitting
here doing nothing I'm gonna be editing
this video with I don't even know we
don't have Wi-Fi so yeah I probably will
film the drive that we're gonna go on
because there will be some fun stuff
that we do I don't know how many stuff
we're gonna take if we're gonna try to
get there as soon as possible for my
next upload we will be living in Los
Angeles California United States of
America our address is yeah we still
have a house actually but yeah guys
we're gonna go ahead and in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it in
2k so much for watching and don't forget
like and share the friend if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
next one
it ain't fall I don't know we still have
the outro so here's my poem oh by the
way I got pulled over it's a nighttime
now 51 and a 40 ok it wasn't that bad
