his genius sister using like a lab rat
what is going on guys hey we're back in
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day guess where we are area 51
Quentin says for as long as I have this
blonde here I should do a johnny test
intro maybe I'm naughty I don't even
have it up today but oh well we are back
in the RV with Jack and Bailey good
morning shark I mean leopard because you
got all these spots on you now I got
attacked by an octopus told you like 6
times now actually you told me that it
starts conversations with girls yeah
okay so if you have a bunch of spots on
you and you look like a walking leopard
girls will talk to you it's really weird
I don't know why we got here yesterday
but obviously I didn't film it's every
other day bro and it was really boring
cuz all we did was fly and then we got
here you guys are just boring I hate you
both quit and I snuggled right here last
night I slept with Quinton last night in
this very spot with Bob Ross and I woke
up freezing and then I realized Bob Ross
was strung out he was somewhere over
there it has been a month and a half
almost two months since I've been here
and I've seen Paul and Jack and Bailey
this is what Paul has been up to this is
what Jack's been up to look I was born
with a bird nose and a chocolate chip
that melted on my face in the Sun when I
was seven and never left but it's okay
because there's still a short pedaling
with his trophy at night indulged in his
own ego and this is what Bailey's been
up to so we just woke up and we got
around him right now we're gonna head to
the dibs house even though I have t-bone
guard on today oh well you got dibs on
don't you Quinton just changed he had
did and the shark is just a leopard if
you guys don't know the dibs house is
Zach's house if you've seen it before
you know how amazing it is it's got the
roof to the pool I don't think he's kids
gonna be there Saxons really cute though
our other points for this trips
California includes snowboarding
backyard cliff jumping of course each
the beach and then we're gonna hang out
with Gil next door only thing else you
guys missed is the sick Polaroid that
was actually only taken of me hopefully
I get woken up cuz I'm still tired but
you gotta wake up current location is
this RV park Jack has another car that
we're gonna be taking today because the
trips not that long but we're gonna be
heading out like right now hey fat
biscuit ain't that your old RV remember
that it's from Victorious are you
excited to be 18 a full grown man in
just a phase I just can't wait so much
stuff can happen you're 18 you can vote
you can register for the draft you made
a bunch of fun stuff I'm not kidding you
conveyed look at that there's one right
there I could go in there not yet we're
kidding do not baby
orders nachos at an IHOP good job hey
we're good wait guys what does it smell
like in here hello no Gucci no oh my
gosh bro this chance melon what give
them a real smell please why is it
yellow this was like the hot ones
challenge but four feet and this is the
worst one this is the atomic bomb please
please please don't hate me guys I went
to a place I usually don't go to I
finally bought something from Gucci I've
only bought cologne there and I got both
of them as gifts I've never walked in
there and left with something today's
the day a box in a box we got it all
wrapped up help you there we go thank
you big reveal
I have to step out real quick dude pure
silk orange look if you're like
basketball shorts we're ready to conquer
the day it was a 360 let's see that
booty oh yeah I've never had one for
specific gasps the shorts I've seen in
my entire life I'm 20 she's 17 she
bottom I may have save up for him but
hey we're gonna get there are you guys
ready to see Zach's house dumb is water
wet one-legged duck swim in a circle I
get high every time I go here it is
under renovation but it is still a sick
bikes and motorcycles random stuff
what's going actual house is not here
there's all those bedrooms and stuff but
come upstairs yeah hurry don't hurt hers
and hers hers and her thing
Oh My Jesus look he's got his office in
his closet yeah are you kidding me
we got tools yeah yeah yeah it worked on
but we can definitely still jump off the
roof come out real quick
we just coming out here we won't stuff
on nothing we just gonna spend this one
just slightly you know Trista doesn't
know to get out of closets wait what
about this upper deck no one's ever done
it I'll jump but I won't flip it out
from here I'll double flip I don't think
I'm gonna make it safely I neither did
bailing we're still lodged yeah oh now
we're trespassing now we've got to go up
one more level this is high see you got
to miss that roof at the bottom
Oh No
she's barefoot get rid of those anyway
oh that might have cleaned him a little
bit I was and I didn't land that back
foot no redemption real quick what a day
yeah Gucci shorts I'm gonna go rescue
that croc real quick that's like the one
time my shoes ever followed off wait I
think it might have made it dirtier ah
we'll just leave that in the Sun bar
please be careful young man of course
this is the dibs house so you know
what's going on I got dibs on first jump
into the pool and lashed out for that
the contemplation like the time female
the mathematics that go into these
stunts do not try this at home Freddie
yeah
Oh
clothing calm who's taking the g-wagen
who's taking the Porsche I've never
written in there dude get in here and
smell it smells so pretty it's got the
carpet ceiling just like my heart
alright g-wagen you're more than just a
toaster to me now you're just a cool
toaster
you make up that way
I'll already stained them with ice cream
perfect - $100 but I'm stealing the
Gucci gang what is better is deep
clothing go to difficult accent I miss
you you weren't here today but I'm
leaving this in because you're gonna
watch it and you're gonna know I miss
you such a cute little kids we're gonna
finish off with some roof photos I'm
gonna go get my croc out of the dryer
and then I think we're gonna go pick up
an air Trac is we have an amazing video
planned with that and I also discovered
it gets dark fast here too but at least
it's warm
that is not dry at all till next time if
you Friday yes one croc Manor is now
going in to sd rap yeah I know it's a
scenario the back looked and it went to
a pool off of a roof razor blades laying
around out here as I'm barefoot oh my
god there's a McLaren here 720 such a
beautifully crap I might do a car edit
guys maybe even a dog in it
let me turn shoes away
it's time to do it your way
oh my god a Porsche Carrera GT I've
never seen one of these in person I
don't really like Porsches that much but
this one I love and of course the 918
Spyder a jet engine in the back ready to
send you to outer space what was that
we're gonna sit on the moon and go to
Mars but this car right here Tanner's
next car I'm looking around we got Jake
Paul's car we got these rugs for content
foxes GTR black BAP that and I look over
and there's me back before she was
scratched by my horse Oh galaxy wrap
that's awesome
and now we are back in the RV guys all
I'll stole my girlfriend
yo yo take it easy guys I'm gonna eat
this bowl cereal and Johnny Tisch is
gonna have his way tonight we're gonna
go ahead in this video here hope you
guys enjoyed anything Jason was watching
and the first vlog of uh you know a trip
is never the best one if this was ass
it'll get better yeah the guys across
this video and don't really like sharing
enjoyed subscribing and I'll see you
guys next time
like you just maybe
