yo guys before we get into this video I
got to show you something real quick mom
you're gonna hold this
my mom's wrapping it - okay ready we got
the new clickbait t-shirts out now okay
they're going to be on my website
there's no waiting two weeks they're
already in stock they have my signature
right here and then they have hashtag
birthday on the back they are amazing
it's my favorite t-shirt that we
released if you guys really love them
will restock them for right now that
limited supply and yeah I just woke up
and my mom's making me put this in
beginning of my video so I'm really
tired
oh yeah and posters are on sale here oh
yeah and posters are on sale link in the
description all that maybe if I remember
but yeah keep on comm watch the video
what if you're online guys today we are
back in today we are currently unloading
all of the food from the Meetup it is
one day away it happens tomorrow the
whole truck was filled and in the back
of it and we're just bringing all inside
oh I got to stay hydrated voice yeah
yeah Queen thank you but I got to the
pool before the school oh hey the dogs
it looks like it's for the dog this is
Daniel the he was from the 2015 meetup
in the 2016 and out of the 2017 and my
mom didn't tell me he was coming I
literally just walked outside news here
so yeah and if you've read this title
unless you I don't know why you didn't
we are about to go test drive another
Audi r8 and okay I know you're thinking
you're going to do a Tanner Fox did
you're going to buy another car when you
just bought one and it's the same kind
well you're probably right
since I already have this old one the
new one would just be an upgrade I tried
this one and I would not keep - that's
ridiculous
and then my monthly payment would just
go up I did not pay cash for this car
and instead of my RA matching my truck
it'll match my car it's actually gray
even though I would wrap it but and I'll
show you guys then we're going to go
test drive it's going to be sick and now
they're actually gonna let me test drive
it and like me let me drive because I'm
pulling up in an RA so if they didn't
let me drive it that'd be ridiculous
because last time they only let my mom
drive but yeah guys I'm super excited
and also the back jump is finally in
it's not hired up yet we're going to get
it aired up tomorrow morning and then
all the other guys coming in tomorrow
except for maybe a few so it's coming
together I'm so excited let's go hi guys
we made it to the dealership I got to go
find a guy I talked to this morning
because I was actually here like three
hours ago getting my car wash for the
first time in a while it looked really
bad as you guys seen in videos but
besides the one and I'm looking at
there's three other are a tear right now
this one's for sale this one's been here
for a while they're working on that one
way over there that's out there and
is that one that one the 14 I believe as
well but yeah it's just re central I
used to be the only one now there's are
you ready for this Daniel maybe set the
og Journal I don't even have one of
those anymore I wish I did
I'm taking it when you're sleeping you
just look hold on let me get this let me
get the good lighting
it's so sick let me show you this
apartment
it looks so freaking me it's so much
bigger and yeah it has a spoiler what's
keeping started up well to drive it we
have to start it up so it also has the
carbon fiber just like mine does now so
my mom just got here maybe she came here
for nothing because the guy just said
that he have to drive with me that's
going to clash with the kind of rap you
want can't hear you when you mean it's
going to clash it means going to look
good - no like look bad no we're talking
about what not legit
no a will I know it will in mine you
don't know yes I told him I agree I
don't think it'll work
it'll look amazing it'll look bad even
alone so this one has red seats and I
don't know how good that would look with
the rap that you know she's probably
right anyway
we can still order this car and have it
shipped here with black seats that would
actually probably be best I still like
the red but only if it was to stay this
exterior which it will not because
that's boring so yeah do you have the
keys to mckernon up if my excitement
level seems down from like the first
alright I got it because it is just
Newark
I'm happy for us to take you Daniel
that's not nice I know no it's fine
that's why I was sad is it going to be
me and him or me and you I bought an r8
here they should let us to drive like I
don't know why and I don't know so we
don't know what the driving situation is
but I'm going to take Daniel Daniel
okay there's Daniel up to the theater
I've talked about this before in videos
I haven't shown you guys upstairs in the
VIP lounge it's really cool you can stay
in here I mean they have like stuff up
here they have the snack bar the food
bar you get some high TVs and then I
have the balcony I usually just go out
there and result in pretty radical place
I'm sorry Daniel
okay so my mom and I actually get to
drive it very happy about that it not
why us John did not wanted to be me and
the random guy he's going to be boring
look there's a little map up there it's
all like digital this time and this is a
little mixtape thing is built-in Wi-Fi
it's really ridiculous
here email chat money and does it thank
God mine right now is just so stiff and
that's one thing I just didn't like
about it so if we could find a place to
pull over
that Florida okay you're going to set
make if there's more room or less yeah I
don't know it's a little bit taller a
little bit less depth I don't know this
thing is really cool look when we hit
that pops up flips up this couple yeah
the stuff that's right there and the
other one is right here this time and
put set your phone what's in there just
going oh you slide that back oh secret
compartment an aux cord
yes no it doesn't doesn't have an aux
cord at all set all the nets really
small where am I going to put my camera
whenever I stop this one it actually is
parked you don't have to pull up on the
handle this time yeah yeah there's a
best things times look I've seen this in
so many videos because I used to watch
so many you can like zoom in and out of
the map with this things is like a
little make sample look at the steering
wheel
I know great how long it's smooth really
smooth smooth as a goose Haley's doing a
big empty road hold on dry selects I go
to sport alright okay drive select
anything around you any comes Auto
individual dynamic comfortably to go
that's fat zero to 50 on this is like
2.3 seconds compared to my curve which
is three point three this one doesn't
keep chasing after you hit the gas
really hard though mine does I don't
know let's the hissing noise about after
you go it keeps being loud
this one just gets quiet as soon as you
let off we don't need much I don't know
if I want to buy this one yet guys the
decision will be up to you leave a
comment down below I'm not hiding this
video my new cards gonna be titled
should I get in a jam now no thang baby
I don't know this one's fast but it's
like I really love mine already my water
cooled I would like just so I understand
from the mall here not sporting the
Rolex like you know yeah I mean this
one's really cool I like it there's a
little bit more room you're heading on
the ceiling there's diamond stitching on
the frickin elevated johns you can see
it yeah yeah I need some time to think
and clear my mind so yeah we're gonna go
back to doing and drop this off
like I said we have no idea and yeah
we'll just continue with the rest of log
this is the end of the car portion hope
you enjoy what were it done - yeah we
got to raise this person off don't don't
there's too many people around it's okay
you're gonna be on there driving like a
Lincoln okay put it on the band go
this one has much better control you
know you don't fishtail at all can you
stop real quick I got to do a real quick
little comparison I don't know that and
that I really just I might just keep
mine
maybe I just hide this video I'm keeping
mine I don't know my mom's get Explorer
back in by ok guys so after driving that
vehicle and comparing it to this one
whenever I floor it in this one I just
get so happy and whenever I poured in
that one I'm just like yeah cool again I
don't know I don't love that one so I'm
definitely not going to waste money on
it I can get the coolest truck in the
world to get rid of my old crappy truck
but I actually love my old crappy truck
someone keep that and I'm just I guess
save up for the ranbir skini event or a
super blue boy but I don't think I'm
gonna kid I mean this one has the net in
the back holds the camera it's honestly
this is everything I've ever wanted but
let's just do a quick little flooring
thing on here just so this car knows I
still love you
you parked better this time good job
high five
all right guys Paris's mom and Surya are
both asleep right now so you can't be
that loud but I had to spend some time
Affairs before I do the meetup because
I'm going to be busy like the next four
days so I had to come see Surrey
apparently she's asleep I'll probably
make time to come over and see you
though come on come on yeah one more
person from the meetup is flying in
tonight at eight o'clock his name is
Dominic Dominique actually he's 24 years
old and he's huge and he's really good
at double layouts guys this thing is the
baby monitor I think she's awake your
morning she can stand up now what is
this oh my gosh I'm documenting your
little sister's life did you know that
like she's about to fall asleep which is
so dire the height of the vlog Serena
you've been crying
oh she just smiled and she started
filing again my smile
she's only cameras there we go there we
go bye cover your face come on come on
let me see that face
there you go hi guys we're back home I'm
about to show you guys the food
situation downstairs basically
downstairs will be our big hangout area
I'm sure some people sleep in like the
movie room this is just going to be wide
open for anybody that wants to come
sleep here maybe a few kids in my room I
don't know I'll probably stay in my room
but we got trash hands all over the
place hopefully we keep the place
somewhat clean I don't know if it's
going to happen that is a big ma holy
crap what the Frick I'm very scared that
thing looks like if you kill me let's
just there we go so none of this stuff
has ever been filled before we got we
got food everywhere bro and I mean
everywhere boom boom boom boom
boom and ah yes guys we are set for the
Meetup
we got cookies we got place it's looking
good and this is just the big thing a
candy that anybody can pull from it any
time it's gonna be a lot of fun and I'm
super excited I was going to film and
ever Dominique got here but yeah I think
I was going to go to bed so I'm going
ahead in this vlog here even if it's a
little bit shorter but thank you guys so
much for watching this video and don't
leave like insurance if you enjoyed
subscribe you know I'll see you guys
next one
look at this it's just crazy you came in
looking like that you just made
