well it's bright hold on ah what did you
only guys today we're back in today I am
here with Dylan Mar and call it Cologne
eager Minh that's what we call him as in
his real name is Colin but oh and Jake
washers these are three of the guys that
are coming to the Midwest meetup there
here a little bit early problem ow
his first time on the Goliath he's been
on it actually isn't even that bad yeah
I thought that pulley they got looser I
guess I just had to not jump on it cuz
that's what I've been doing the meetup
is two days away we also have one more
guy coming from Norway he's coming in
tonight his name is Tia doors I say it
and I also have a big blue ball over
there that will do stuff with today I've
always had it in my garage and we felt
it was saying we did a few videos of
that Jake a long time ago indoor indoor
flips um I grabbed it and since the
glove of this big and won't fall off I
actually have to somewhat practice for
the meet up at least get a little warmed
up because I don't want to like hurt
myself somebody's wallet Hey
come here give it give it yeah we can't
leave our wallets on the ground she's
literally a thief no deal she's going to
take your pants in the phone - there you
go
oh I didn't go off I was right me this
just get rid of my phone to do weight
you can do like a bruise with these
things yeah it's so perfect whether I'm
here barely hot and hopefully it stays
like this throughout the whole meet up
oh oh oh my god dude would you put it
I can do it yeah oh oh oh all right all
right
got to get prepared for the meet up with
me walking around the trampoline like
this oh yeah yeah I landed like a frog
though oh there's a big spider in here
run off only so many more oh look see
that there you go Rose there you go oh
crap hi rose I wish this was an
underwater camera so bad guys don't use
flash very much okay okay and don't
drink the water it's not one that's a
big trampling that's good by the balcony
that's the one no one touches that's our
basketball goal that I've never touched
either well use it during the meet up
and we're also gonna do some sick trick
shots of course during the meet up cool
stuff always happens never no one's
recording it I feel like I should take
the security cameras and just put them
by the pool and by the trampoline but I
don't think I could do that
tell her for electron I got so far power
bounce it doesn't count or change in
babe me Road Cara long for coming in
with me towards the big fighter now
swing that road
guys I got very swimming I stuck a
shaving look I cut my chin a lot did you
just get out of the beanbag room
what does everything your expected and
yeah well I mean some grapes we're going
to go do some more flips because why not
that's what this whole week's going to
be about if you guys don't like flips
maybe you'll find a love for flips and
if you already do maybe you'll hate them
because you realized you're not as good
as them yo chop my phone pit row
actually Finch here you go of course you
know he told me I couldn't find him
peanut butter for my Eggos who does that
I do syrup oh oh now hopeful is what I
was just catch I you're going to be in
your pocket I'll get my grapes in the
shot that's in tell you where hey go row
row row row row your boat do you want me
to require you to great least you have a
great there you go
you need a fancy like one of those leaf
fans oh but yeah she went for a swim all
by yourself come on Rose come on let's
go over to the trampoline we're gonna go
have some more fun flips are just fun
whenever you have other flippers with
you because it's kind of boring you just
go out on the trampoline alone I just
don't like that very much
that's partly why I don't do it as much
by doing the meet up all do some stuff
and with that bag John that'll be so
much fun
can't wait let's hit it bro off set down
my grapes what do you have oh now we got
the sunset on you just fill this with
beads
let's do a prank on rosewater she's over
there no idea what she's fine on a
neighborhood not good ugly things are
great ice cream Oh she'sshe's gubins
wanna look like oh she laid her head
down the rise I remember she looked back
at me okay look let's go Zoo
I'll get a front over roads were you
doing regularly I have to do it long way
okay all right all right we got her what
happened you want me this could be our
ribs put out the werid have one remember
things
oh yes I'm so sure we're gonna bounce
this kid to the sky Oh getting it
oh I took your vows that didn't do the
sky all right good didn't get off the
crust of the earth there we go that was
pretty fancy my turn
whoa gosh that's why I felt really like
holy crap everyone saw faint there's
clothes I thought I was gonna let on you
before I go get that exercise bulb we're
gonna see who can do the most front
flips off your back they're called ball
outs you just kind of keep going since
this is a really long trampoline my
record ten microts twenty plus twenty
five two three four five six seven eight
nine John refers in damn you got this no
I didn't land doesn't count
I didn't count to three four right
Hey nothing Hey sorry dad I see me yeah
I'm gonna do it one two
he's going to try it out three Wow go
one two three four five you still good
in this 600 seven eight nine
Oh No I'm gonna land on hey you're just
trying to do a backflip land on our
stomach on the ball and try to do
another flip off our stomach I don't
know if you know worse I tried this
earlier I got a fail but I'll give the
first attempt this break a toe
somebody's got to do it and if nobody
can do it it's got to be me I but I can
do it I'm a pro okay sure
oh shoot straight up straight up yeah
I'm gonna fly off Oh got it
Oh dude that was so painful he's going
to start kind of in that corner like
right there so if you do fly back I'm
like leaning too far forth but that's
what keeps it from Christian you falling
back you have to find a sweet spot which
is right there stop it stop I'm not okay
you could do that yeah I thought I was
gonna next by the way I don't even know
how many people are coming to my own
meetup I think it's like 10 to 20 maybe
more 10 20 30 maybe forgot on a vine
that day oh okay yeah no easy what's
always let it anchored off there to your
doors almost here it is what is it 11
o'clock yet 11 16 we supposed to get
here like seven you know four hours late
okay we all stayed up were waiting for
me he's like five minutes away right now
literally all the way from Norway you
know how long that flight is too long
there's a kid coming from Australia
tomorrow 28 hours that's ridiculous I
wouldn't do it nope doesn't matter if
I'm meeting the president no deal so you
found the peanut butter huh yes now
we'll know which way he comes in he said
one man one man
one minute he should be coming down the
road at like the speed limit that I
don't know oh you should write your him
yeah oh I see no there's the car way
down there hey yeah he's here too bad
it's really dark I'm sorry I so dark
turn on the flashlight those ambushing
with flashlights this is insane dude
see oh
no he would rather the otherwise now
what's not so my gosh no no the teller
what's up dude it's so good to meet you
bro okay so after listening to him
talked in Norwegian is that it I get it
yeah yeah there you go
hold on let me get inside we have no
idea what he's saying he knows what
we're saying and then when he talks
English we understand it but yeah
vlogging throughout the meet-up not one
big video this year and yeah the year so
much for this video and if we leave like
insurance friends you enjoyed subscribe
for now and I'll see you guys next
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
