what did you want on guys today we were
back in today I hope you guys are all
having a great day good morning I woke
up really really early this morning like
6 o'clock that's really early for me and
I watched the Sun rise out of my window
and I watched the Sun rise out of my
window I realized it was the first time
I'd watched that in forever when have
you get up early your day feels like
more fulfilling so I'm feeling good i
watch some spongebob this morning it was
the one with the bubble bowl whenever
Squidward makes the band and then like
Plankton's playing the piano Danton and
then that also reminded me that
spongebob is great and no matter how old
you get that show is hilarious I hope my
kids love that show so I can watch it
with them and have an excuse also you
guys know that pirates online game pot
Co or whatever you know my original
channel named Edgar Michiel Paco gamer
for life I put me making my new pirate
in a video like a few weeks ago maybe
one week I don't know that was just the
beginning of the new Edgar whenever I'm
hanging out with Quentin and Dylan and
we're just like hanging out one of us
was playing GTA one of us was flying
pirates I got them into the game now
same with my brother like we all get on
my account we basically share him I love
being a pirate the movies were great and
if I could go back and live in pirate
times that'd be great oh yeah look at
edgren ow he is a real pirate bro that's
a pirate if I've ever seen one he even
has a rose tattoo on his chest with guns
on it you can't always do it hey that
reminds me I'm going to Guns and Roses
my favourite rock band in July and I
also need to get that Guns and Roses
tattoo right here like the dripping
roads that I talk about all the time I
don't know I feel like I might regret
that in like five years like what if
rhombus Academy was actually the Gateway
to my acting career
and then I auditioned for the role of
like Pirates of the Caribbean and then I
didn't get the part because of my weird
tattoo yeah I'm probably never going to
become an actor yeah I'm gonna take a
shower real quick and then we'll find
something awesome to do today one fun
thing I need to do today is pick up my
room because it's getting horrible look
at that look at that BRB my hair is
showered why didn't you join me there
why I'm quickscoping nice news oh I
didn't know it was a movie don't worry
guys I'm getting a haircut tomorrow
morning
this will all be gone and I can put it
up again because I haven't put it up in
a long long time you know what I also
have it done in a long long time
so today Quinn and I are going to mix it
up we are going to be doing my god
killed remaking cringy musically
I've seen people do this before it's
quite gay and since I thought like we're
gay
let's just go to mark Thomas hey get
back mark he's our friend don't worry we
love it we're going to go on you two
we're going to find the currencies
musically then we're going to remake
them on my musically because I'm not
that active on musically anyway so I
need some posts you feel me dog sleeping
on musically gaming you feel me God very
rare I love my dog so much you wouldn't
be in one do you can be in one of you
want look she looks so mean if you do
this you want a high go go up by the way
these are only couple musically like boy
and girls I mean it could be boy boy
okay we're in the couple's section of
music Lita we're just going to go down
on the one that we like we can remain
here's the first here's the first one
copyright regulation do to copulate
regulation that song you selected is not
available in your country at this moment
no I wanted to do that one these are
going wrong in the title now are you
we're doing I want to get up the other
book okay so first I just go and then I
go real good I pull my hair my hair is
pretty long I go out whatever achieve
another good way okay baby you do it in
fast right yeah oh yeah fast okay now
let me get on your shoulders Oh God ah
ah okay we get my phone slow they can't
see my face first that's the only son of
my legs just hold it straight out from
you like this there you go should should
you drop it somewhere or what bones we
go to the couch
that's let's thinking guys like
I don't know is what if I go too far
back and you die
got it guys you wouldn't believe the
view up here how's the wind yeah here
let me open these for good life Hey yeah
that's a musically stuff dude I've been
only for so long so what do we do again
you just go straight behind the couch
and don't drop me on the hard part
are you yeah we packed or one I don't
know not right there we tried guys why
am I still on you I like it no did you
exit out okay save it save school Janice
we did it that's a weird uh we're so
cute together I don't care what anyone
says this one's featured right now let's
see it
no no okay next one that one was just in
my fantasy when I found one I don't know
this is business keep dancing I don't
get it but I was in slow right it was an
epic or you can't be on that yet
yeah I've seen your rabbit on the hover
board or do dog okay building a five
second story here back back to back is
that it put the leg react that one's
really bad I admit
we'll get her next time not a youtube
video where we're definitely doing the
thing okay so yeah you're gonna be the
guy I'm the girl always I cover your
face and then I just kind of go behind
you I do that dance so I don't want to
hard when we cover your face and then I
don't watch me do things I love I'm
gonna swing it okay
we killed a game on that one
that was sick don't know if I want to
post it note people that actually call
me I musically probably think I'm doing
this for fun man
Gordon I found the worst one yet and I
don't know if I want to do it but we're
going to do it I don't want to do it
your way is simply application we don't
have Kevin yeah so we both jump in and
we do this bullcrap
and then twirled me and then then we
just then we keep doing this headset and
then we go at the gun shot we go like
that because that's that's so cool okay
god what is making you want to deliver
books oh no I like it
first gun jaws when we go like that okay
cause they were my room bed yeah that
was the last one but the worst ones you
know whatever the hell this is
yeah we just go around like this cool
but I have started in front of you okay
I'll throw it back here yeah I messed up
in here why is he messing up well debit
yes sad face Adam to net house is good
enough I'm not doing that crap again
okay
I like mentally handicapped I'm
handicapped okay two more two more and
we're going to be done with this okay
good well you do two more but in those
two I just don't
we're not even in soon I tell my
beginning and I get a nibble my ear we
got to do this one because I have a
workout set out there that I still
haven't used since I got it every cradle
and each other and he didn't do a
pull-up second others Dale see okay
we're doing that one with know what the
guy to the back okay so I'm going to be
on the outside you gonna be in the
inside because I have the better back
muscles yeah yeah for three wait to show
buddy I can't put you down with him ah
that hurt when you can I do oh my
naughty boy yes here one very good I
like to do and then they get over what
let's get on this one
oh okay guys that is the last one I'm
doing it now I'm gonna do one was Luna
like I promised she'd be better at it
probably I'm saying I was just kind of
guessing the lyrics there I'm not
catching this she hates me and then
posted hey Paris what hey quit it quit
it first hey what do you drive here your
car mm-hmm
I gave her my Challenger this morning
because I didn't want to take her home
and yeah I just gave it to her I was
like hey drive back later I'm just going
to let this be the remainder of the
video my dogs chasing a green light all
the found swords yeah thank you guys so
much for watching this video and don't
leave like in terms of prints you
enjoyed subscribe to me and I'll see you
guys my phone peace out
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made
