Rose while you look at all sad now she's
just jumping everywhere she's been
outside like all day what did you want
my guys today we were back in today
yesterday we made a video and we stayed
overnight in the beanbag room that's
what I'm going to call it the beanbag
room and that video got a hundred
thousand views in literally 30 minutes
which is just insane like I don't even
promote my post notifications or
whatever cuz I don't really care but
that's crazy like that many people that
fast that's usually how I judge a video
if it's doing well is like how many
views it gets in a certain amount of
time usually it's like 60 to 80 K in an
hour it just depends but I'd upload this
one a little bit late just because there
was a little bit longer video and I
didn't take into consideration that the
file was going to be bigger and then it
took a little bit longer to export but
yeah today we're back I'm about to go
pick up Paris Luna is really big now I'm
look we have a blue news now I know some
I have it Chicanos like a tic lunatic
removal hey this still it's really big
that's good that's what happens I go
okay chill out for once Luna
I'll just go sweetie it's okay it's okay
I'm having it a pair of pliers pliers no
tweezers oh geez I'm sorry I'm sorry
Luna
dang it is stuck on there maybe if you
quit going way out in the trees huh here
there's tweezers in my bathroom they
wash I got the tweezers yeah hey I'm
gonna lay down you want to switch jobs
yes hold still Anna
hold still it's all bloody all coming
out you girl just trying to bite me like
screw you Taylor you thought we were
friends
no oh god on my puke yeah why is it so
big and so far in yeah I almost got it
sit still I could never be a doctor or
vet or a dentist we'll get this figured
out off camera so you guys don't speak
with us hey mom before I go any idea how
my door got broken look up they're like
falling off the thing I tried to call in
the bathroom door the other day and I go
like this it just goes right there and
it won't it won't close one more one
more thing before I go but those of you
that didn't know one day I came home and
I went my backyard like normal and there
was just two kids like yeah we wait for
you to get home and it was just weird
and we've had people coming to like our
side yard before and that doesn't have a
gate yet is going to be getting one soon
everybody in the neighborhood is going
to chip in and we're all going to like
pay for one that's in front of it so Aki
or a uke why that company they do
security work and they sent us some more
security cameras for the backyard where
do you have them for the front yard so
if you guys need security cameras there
you go so yeah we can just go up and I
can spy on everything no more sneaking
out to meet boys I mean Quinton and that
new trampoline is then it's right there
sky bounce with me another one the Orion
I think it is it's like an oval
trampoline will be tighten that up for
the meetup in three freakin days so
excited for that these guys are
literally the best full pers in the
world that is not an exaggeration if you
guys think I'm good you'll literally
think I'm horrible after this oh boy
I parked way too close too much
challenger this is cutting it close
okay I think we're good you gotta tag me
on snapchat I put a picture of the front
bottom of my alright because I scraped
it going up this little ramp entrance I
didn't think it was that slanted but
apparently it was and it scraped and I
made the worst noise it like broke my
heart and then I scraped it again
pulling into my driveway which I didn't
even know it was possible I'd never done
that before the front bottom is just so
scraped right now but it's okay I'm
getting a lot of stuff fixing my car
soon we also ordered the clickbait
license plate it wasn't taken and that
will be coming in in like three months
because they take forever I don't know
why it takes that long to literally just
make a little tiny metal plays but it's
whatever and we also found a person that
can wrap the car the color that I want
and we found someone to get me my
exhaust but I just wanted to update you
guys and let you know that I am trying
to get the stuff done with my car
apparently I'm not a mechanic and I
can't just be like I wish Molly hello
did you hear me coming down the street
yeah so getting exhausting that'll be
our next job when I'm refilling the
video the the 24 hours of this time
right we could apply that Friday 13th
game a little bit for we go I'm going to
download that for my xbox whenever we
get there because that games really fun
no you
oh god run run run run he's right there
it's over okay and I love you ah look
how dirty
I'm a horrible supercar owner hey
deserves it
yeah I need to clean my car bad there's
literally dust on the dash I'm holding
this
my guess that Guns N'Roses Factory okay
why if you got here on my wrists black
and white I'll have a dripping road I'm
getting under here you're not getting
one down there that is inappropriate so
we're almost back but I realized I
haven't given Paris a proper ldr a
launch with sport mode on but I don't
really leave on that much because it
runs down your gas off faster but I'm
gonna let this person go in front of us
a little bit and we'll go Kurt ow sound
good
pitch we'll pull right around here all
right we're good to go
you know hold it gotta keep it on your
face this is you ready
I wanna head to her
man body GaN 140 but if any cops are
walking as I did must be 100 right what
about Diana yet we're going to pull a
little bit of the click bit out to get
some advertisement in our kids actually
get album this one's my favorite one now
pulled escape by Brandon Burnett I guess
you didn't really react because I
usually go faster do we still find a
third trampoline box I parked in the
grass oh come on that's not in the grass
wait I have an idea
take another step back few more okay now
look for a camera that's right up there
look at it go
there advancement of fun you record me
shout-out to my mom for the beautiful
dinner this stuff so good I love chicken
alfredo perfect you never eat so hello
ah Dylan Dylan literally came here to
grab ice cream and leave about Ben and
Jerry's a lychee basement and look in
here yes what we got on GTA 5 we got the
rocket car finally what and then right
after I spend 100 real dollars someone
gifted me that amount in the game but
yeah you can rock it across the city
it's so fun I don't know why it's just
whenever I'm bored I just hop in oh oh
oh
frickin stuck you're about to go in like
a gta5 stunt montage yeah before you
leave we got to show you the beanbag
room bro
your knee hurt still that's alright
you're such a little baby I love you
either way this is the room yeah which I
don't like so solemn warning it's going
to get in every crevice of your clothes
and your body I put this in like every
video for the past week I don't even
care you fall right through it like
solid air yeah bye Dylan
a the fanmail wall looking good fan art
keeps calling it fan mail there's no
packages tape of the wall
we never film in any other part of the
house with my room I always say this I
don't even glance okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry too I'm just sorry
alright so they're real quick oh I don't
want to run yet spot of that dress that
is from a disgusting trampoline we
finally got rid of the nasty trampoline
I haven't been on the chair planes in
weeks I just haven't really felt like it
besides the one by the pool balance fun
we go prepare for me to Paris you
practice with me what am i doing
anything in everything
come on I'm scared bubbles okay all
right I'm done training by the way for
the meetup we're going to have a bag
jump if you guys know what that is
it's like a big air duct bag that's
really I don't know explain it I don't
know what exactly they put in that I
think it's just air how we're getting
one for the trampoline so it's basically
like a foam pit and that actually comes
the first day of the meetup Quinn
sitting in the back of my clip you're
ruining if you don't watch Friday's our
team tonight right now right now but
yeah we're going to go ahead and in this
vlog here and I hope you guys enjoyed
and let me get we're flying
thank you guys so much for watching and
don't forget or depends if you enjoyed
subscribe canoe and I'll see you guys
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
