I just get it you got you who you're
going good
no gonna have to cry and clean it off
say where please pick up your tissues
I'm not leaving on that luminous please
pick up the tissues she watches my
videos as I edit them on my arm
what did you want on guys today we are
back in today we are going to be doing
an overnight challenge in the giant bean
bags no hates Orson I told her we were
going to do it and then he just kind of
hopped in oh yeah we also bought two big
fans because we're going to make you do
a swirl and in there we're going to make
a tornado
so yeah I'm joined here with my friend
he's right here on my cheek you know
it's huge and it hurts I tried to pop it
I don't think it's ready anyway yeah
we're going to plug this in for those of
you that have not seen this room we
basically have one window for lighting
I think these work do they work um no oh
the right there oh it does work really
thanks Taylor
but yeah we had an extra door sitting in
our storage room so we use that to block
it off and then there's some trash right
there a closet that we are not going to
open to just look so empty and bare in
here we need something in here to pain
hold on rub way before we do that
there's no more foam blocks that are
here by the way so if it looks a little
bit shorter but there's still a lot and
there's also a tarp on the bottom so
next time we actually clean these up it
will be a little bit easier living in
okay oh oh you're putting the other
phone in the back there's loud here that
is a very strong oh wait I wonder
this is way better this is going to be
the easiest for our counter Wow
it got filled with beads in the fan
football they're too good again
I got turned off so hot we thought it'd
be a little better we feel like
industrial ones as well I'm not scared
to go back wilderness response I didn't
ever push get out of the way all is so
good it's like a really big help people
do if there's any way to describe this
up it's like solid air so you can see
stuff but if you blow with your nose
they go everywhere you don't really know
there's air until you look and find them
I can't wonder my big one I fell asleep
right here huh no I don't want to do too
bad so why don't you ever think of what
do you guys get to do all night in this
well we had some stuff lined up we're
going to do find the iPhone okay that
would be one of them where did the fan
idea I got over Bridge wait once again
we got there was a game what else do we
have empty our pockets where you play
hundred feet in there
oh so are it is walk in circles not
really hot here's another polar we fight
hard to pull out here want to do that do
some visit first night not tripping that
mega CS is like the owner needs or
something serious be underneath sure
okay go Marco Marco
Oh Marco Marco follow
oh I was grabbing a lot of Quinn
we're dinner and left I cannot get out
yeah get out of there Quinn I'm amazed
good cover me
right now it is 7 o'clock shark we have
to stay here until 7 a.m. so it's a 24
hour minus 12 hour challenge we already
kind of bored but I'm informed about
what to do that was so bad
okay not okay so oh my god this scary
thing every time it shows since I was
like 7 or a Mexican restaurant I get one
piece of candy it was really hard you
think some hot cocoa
melted not breathe under them oh my god
that hurt that scare you so bad you get
Titleist on my side I see a lot of
comments on these overnight or 24 hours
videos that are like how do we know you
actually save denier how do we know you
actually did this in that but I could
just sit here and let show you guys a
time-lapse of my thumb to me just
sitting here or I could act stupid and
then put in the best funniest moment
without second-guess you so it's up to
you if you want absolute proof flooring
video that'll be on my second channel
called s tudents mix steel plants low
gone so on what would my second chain
will be called I have
yeah yeah good but he's gonna choke and
die along with it hold it yeah in your
nose and out your mouth no Ellen oh look
baby as well gosh this is the hazard if
we sleep in this worried that you're
gonna die snores gonna be like oh we're
gonna have a swimming at the walleye
Quinton is right now how to survive them
I might have spit it out I don't know I
don't think - water you telling Swami
what's up - a little one reservation I
choked on one of you popped it out
before this place was a hazard means
your father fight a second Channel other
than indie gaming channel oh yeah daily
Tanner Javad Tristan you loser
you suck how about hardcore enough man
we could choke and die in here and
you're even care I got rid of my shirt
guy mine is already gone
it is oddly hot in this quarter for some
reason I think there's a vent down here
something I might be covered by the tarp
and then it's just it is almost dark now
we'll play find the phone when it's like
actually dark and then I bet it's about
nine hey hey look at that I know wait
did you speak over that door you cheater
so I had to give my full fee then in
here - really - hours and getting bored
I got tired of watching piers mess oh
yeah also look at the fin it was
completely under and I got filled yeah
what's going on one if this positive
fire we're going to die
all right make it five wait where was
the outlet odors in the corner is the
black one under there still through well
that wasn't a very much I'm Quentin you
have something in your underwear here we
go
it just doesn't move it makes little bit
of noise let's start at the black learn
the black one on under there we'll just
watch them all go okay okay shut up yeah
stuff that there's no air underneath so
it's all getting such a thing not going
to wear your muzzle turns off fail that
did nothing loser my head's not going
under anymore I'm not choking under this
again you guys taught us and almost died
in me you need to choke on it so you
experience it now Tristan brought a
blanket and a pillow which brings the
board games for kind of board it's dark
now we totally haven't left this room to
go pee or anything like that or go get
food or anything
chancho don't get we totally crapped up
this window but yeah this is my bed I
guess you can share with me again I must
leave you all here let me try to lay on
it and see if they just like pulled in
on me and see if I get close to death oh
there's a kind of hold you up a little a
little bit it like bunches it under so
if that'll give you some buoyancy you
know we just stood in the room you can
sleep right there oh yeah before we go
to bed there's one more thing we have
done when I find the iPhone Android
users I'm sorry you can't play it's
11:30 if you were wondering blacks are
going on um just throw it up someone
just throw it up ahead are we both doing
it or just just here you go I don't know
what weeks tracks not good go
crowd what other duck I saw the movement
over here
I thought you doing
literally gone slowly gone there's no
hope for a funny no no wake everybody
tight your turn
not here cheers either eager Peter you
look as if it oh because I didn't
hopefully oh you owe me a way to take an
actor yeah oh oh oh ha ha ha
Potter Hollis you super hot you red hot
red hot red hot burning Clinton for my
phone go that's my phone ok I got it
never yeah black thing before we hit the
hay I say we try to find the camera all
right here we go
I want to kinda like survey around which
would be best
I don't want to step on the mic I don't
want to step on this camera now I found
I found it every time I lay down is
still like shocked we're still waiting
for you to choke on it I didn't
oh yeah we're at the Olympic Games sure
the way you taught us for what we're
gonna race from wall to wall to me
correctly always hurt all right ready
yeah good
Oh about two seconds antenna piece of
news little God have you push off like
this yeah then three two one Wow but I
felt that you beat him really if you got
a minute
144 seconds somebody hit the light
weight throwing my phone first carefully
Hey
alright have a good life good night
Carter I know John I'm gonna throw that
spot right there looks good oh well if I
do think this will be good right it's
actually really comfy and this thing is
like an infinite blanket that will
always keep you covered so it's not bad
what
so we're how convenient this actually
you know so yeah we're just gonna I
guess go to bed I know I'm gonna plan my
phone good night it is 1:45 funky home
stink in a fender bender will get what
is welcome what what it's 1:45 have you
not gone to bed
yeah I'm going to wake you up I wish
details please go to bed I actually do
it ok I was kind of comfy when should we
get up again to show the people so we're
staying the night what time did you say
it was this 1:45 Center arm for three
o'clock me
wait asked to sneeze because these keep
going up my nose like I can sneeze can I
see you guys 3
all right guys it is currently a 3 over
30 in the damn morning and I heard an
alarm going off from Peter's phone from
my room and it woke me up and I'm
annoyed but I'm assuming it was supposed
to wake them up it obviously didn't do
the job so I'm going to
and just wake him up for cuz I'm a good
brother like that
Hey Janna wake up it's like three
o'clock and I'm pretty sure this was
wake up hey
- you're so going in here
you're hello Fionna sound okay go back
to bed and quit drawing something
everybody go to bed no more alarms we'll
see you in the morning
hi guys good morning it is now 7:45 if
you guys want a horrible night sleep
sleep in this hey we got extra credit
extra credit we can we we got in a 7 so
this stuff's fun to play in and not fun
to sleep in it's just like the
commercials fun to play not fun to eat
or was they also I got a text message
and apparently I have a new trampoline
in the garage for the Meetup
I'm obviously too lazy to set it up
before the meetups all to have all the
guys there help me but the meetup is
four days away right now
I forgot how close it was I'll just
leave that in there for next time yeah
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and don't feel evil I can share so
if you enjoyed subscribe be new and I'll
see you guys in the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
