what do you all guys today we're back in
today I'm with Quinton and we're going
to be present wine and after this time
that's right we got a lot of glue glue
let me tell you the worst experience
going to Walmart I mean every we go with
school and sale in must again keep on a
few of different but it appears no
receipt for it long as your seat to
thank you
so the stuff like bleacher no no no we
got green food color we're going to be
making slime in the back clean yourself
bathtub full of fun and we're going to
open spam out as you guys know the drill
by now DIY baby ain't got no moves
essence it's not going to go wrong it's
going to go right unless it's like all
the rest of our videos or what if we
doesn't looting just good car should be
watching video on time doing purge
should we make it in buckets then dump
it and mix it people like makes giant
butterflies dislikes enemy with their
face like all day we saw Mike how much
coffee listen you got this when I had it
what do you want to throw these are guys
look here a little bit once we get this
cool it sells and then filled again let
me dump it yeah don't allow the glues
gone we got a basically full cooler of
glue to move around the flashes from
kindling move the camera all of our
hands are sticky we go okay who isn't
that big whoa hey baby nice smell gets
to my room in your hand oh yeah let me
do that real quick okay
oh gosh I don't think see this cause
it's working yeah
Oh fine are you school yeah there you go
Nelson thought each other not at the
hands of the guy all right well it's
hard to be like holding together so lose
that I know about getting my shorts
under this coat because I'm going
commando and I don't get sticky
situation Oh Mel returning member
upstart as far as we can know until pop
jump pop down it's definitely flaming
out we succeeded Hydra my mom cooks food
coloring hair it looks so cool but
that's all dark blue and this was like
white for me stretching it a super
trendy should we dissemble victorious no
stumble what's dump it all too much here
tender nice no green like the Hulk
thank you I know we're coming down to
the last balls blue thank god we've been
in this bathtub for two freakin hours
yeah lot mob look I made boxing gloves I
made it better go all right everybody
out everybody out newbies learning plus
we get to the cookout and say your
typical green drink MacLeod if they open
a just a good snack now we make a mighty
key I try to throw it I got stuck in
here medical wrist look I take him out
first doing electric vibrator car water
from scooby-doo come on all right let's
lift you up come on oh my foot go oh
okay then we put it here set it on stone
so I'm strong about hand quit nobody
call me boner I don't have one yet we
break back up soon this one that's
what's not on Halloween
Oh God okay hold it hold it hold it yeah
some elf if I could let you dough in
trash bags okay guys okay yeah Wow okay
we're sharing your voice above it all no
it's just like super slippery sounds
like fun
get off of my head please yeah well come
on we need multiple shower yeah we need
sponge why are we talking like eggs but
yeah yeah I told you snickering okay
guys I'm spread over two packages I'm
not howling we're gonna open to this
forever and I'm already really we're
about two and a half hours in the back
yeah I'm about ready to get out already
Richard this is a drawing or a painting
of some sort it's about get right on the
wall X bar crazy pants is crazy dad
thank you for this this one is from Alex
gang and you you wouldn't believe what
they sent a bunch of hot chocolate hey
he's a cute I'm here of the color reveal
every row is the site expression about
always eternal life for real thank you
so freakin Marge holy crap this is the
one with like the six buttons yes I
actually like be talented would they
send us green slime get in there
liquid glass and pour cut it there it is
this looks like okay hey another fake
iPhone 7 you got a little pin hey thank
you this will fill a gap on the wall
should we put a green monster in the
green tea die now okay Caitlin rose I
have a dog named Caitlin will read your
letter want to get cleaned up is this
like a bubble bath Oh two three going on
more like double wall out ah your mom
you gave the third Canadian hat oh okay
always camera this looks like a poster
it's just a persistent winter someone to
send me my own care
you actually do it bar what's in here
the other it
thank you have great memory and it has
the in the moon right there good guest
years I'm moving right there there's
that the penis thing right the blockades
is everywhere coos thank you bro lamb
burgers crossed out Guinea inputs
cleaning cooking Queen
somebody please violin we're getting out
there if you have a risk dad just put
the license plate Queenie holding on run
papers so yes Jan hey mother spinner is
the rainbow yeah I got it are you
alright many audiences no and Alex has
my club a dog mom take it take it take
it wasn't ready to get quick I can't
move to get the boxes from there Oh a
rainbow fecal matter bubble gum bomb
rainbow something to hold up a look at
the Durant of the devil is a birthday
thank you girl Tanner only didn't turn
around over this yeah thank you
it ain't my fault who's it from de el I
see I think it is your names are you
opening a big one too Wow Hue's stretch
boy Oh guess what it is it's a box
tastes like this thank you
it's pretty star during a lot of food
well what does the game and someone says
bigoted talk to Bogaerts look daddy
thank you beep editor family so the edge
of your family that Jimmy Steele Paco
family moment today for my fan base now
the Edgar's still theme devices there's
a lot of candy in this box and there's
even a good base John is that this is a
- why this one's better come on I don't
know not very cool book call or drop it
ready
I slip in fly ball that's cool we didn't
open this my mom opened this one on the
side it's the walking dead on when are
you just napkin so mad right now but I
won't you gave me this is what I'm gonna
kill you watch out he's an assassin now
after not stabbed split over this video
open from this end this is my last box I
have a box - come on open up is the lake
of it in here this is dry oh this is
full of naked hiding wrap well oh it
doesn't have Welcome Center decisions
mine doesn't it just kind of plop you're
under arrest
before we go this way no this is what I
think about this box thank you
forget it who sent it Wow well it's my
dear friend Tim McCann we got a ball a
lot of colors thank you Karen
is that it well garage I wish had more
time but it's all time for us to get in
the bath and I'm so sick of you get in
the back I made the shower yeah by the
way my mom wants a bathtub not ruined so
this is going to be the last pure box
opening in the bathtub we're still going
to our p.o box oh but you guys can send
in your plaques and stuff you want on
the wall we definitely still love that
stuff but I don't think really open that
much in videos like there's some really
cool and eye-opening of all you don't
know but anyway I like opening money
keep that line this is why we can't do
any more what something we slipping we
slide on we wrote in the bathtub but
yeah thank you guys so much for the
video and don't really like to share the
recipes or discretionary with you guys
and hopefully a normal video because I
am sick a basement back of you digitally
you came in looking like that you just
made bitch
let's check this out let's inspect the
bathtub guys it is the next morning the
bathtub has been attempted to be clean
Quinton and I had to use this spatula to
like scrape it off each other in the
shower yesterday the dirtiest stickiest
messiest video we have ever done is the
cooler filled yeah definitely the
bathtub still pretty gross it's like
stained all over this bathtub it's
everywhere what do you think Rosa do not
get down in your fur you will hate your
life
I see the shower go honey no but it was
worth it okay this is a great way to end
off you back to peel box opening series
maybe we'll bring it back someday in the
far future I seriously doubt it for now
it's gone because my mom once their
bathtub to be normal I don't blame her
and yeah I already did my outro so hope
you guys enjoyed this video I'll see you
guys in tomorrow's video
