come here little boy check it out
what if you only guys today we are back
in today check this out okay I got a new
setup just exported my video but check
this out I got the rainbow keyboard I
have this Malfoy to show you guys but I
literally have the perfect setup now I'm
so happy
hey why are you in pictures I was about
to ask if you don't watch my videos but
I put it yeah it's for my video that I
posted let me starve it up I'm leaving
that just kidding I'll give it to you
yeah it's Friday I hope you guys are all
having a great day today I'm going
camping tonight I don't think you're
coming with me are you yeah I'm gonna go
camping with my cousin oh and you guys
saw in yesterday's video and then my
cousin Logan I don't really know what
I'm gonna do until then I'll go there in
a few hours but for now what you want to
do okay guys follow the trail today is
also part of the cleanup day for this
room my mom is like can we please just
own way because then we're eventually
gonna throw them away someday but ah
don't you want them in the other room
yeah let's do that I don't think it's
all gonna get done today but we're going
to start today Debbie Debbie is my mom's
friend that's helping us I was gonna put
her in the vlog but I don't know where
she is these things are so light it's
like solid air around you it's weird
alright I'll leave it out okay alright
okay love you too much alright I just
took Paris home I just got in the
country boy mobile just exchanged cars
real quick yeah bye rose goodbye Nana
I'm gonna miss you why are you limping
hey nothing wrong as you put it oh
you're just walking weird and then you
just lighten up barely revel to make it
all better won't it I'll see you girls
tomorrow okay and let's come with me but
no girls allowed this is a man's
adventure we're about to get on so when
I was talking to my dad about was
getting a tent because we don't have one
here I don't think we've held to do I
just didn't look and then I'm going to
meet my two other cousins down at the
river my dad's dad my grandpa too I
don't know why we call him that he owns
a lot of land and he owns a river that
we've always been camping at ever since
we were little
Dylan Quinton and I tried to go camping
alone there like two or three years ago
yet but we chicken down then we had my
mom come help us I'm excited I'm excited
to get out of the house and go make my
Kansas country boy root
thanks dad I'm still listen to the click
bait album and I'm going to keep doing
it until forever so this is Owens house
it's actually really cool
I might have shown in a video really
long time ago you used to have a
trampoline nice come over here a lot but
I haven't been over in a really long
time I just love the layout of it I
think it's really cool so let me find
him we'll go inside what kind of dagger
was this no idea what stuck yeah I
forgot June so you're going to be the
only real country boy just man Mord a
goes hey you're being really loud I'm
trying to look at the daggers oh I got
oh pretty cool you come up here and then
there's this balcony I'd love this you
should be like me and just take out one
of the sections those foam fits and
nothing much oh this is new last time I
was here I slept with that giant teddy
bear laude yeah we're both repping the
adidas tanks I don't know why I'm giving
them publicity they do nothing for me
but yes these are not country whereas
you do realize is he going to have to go
right you got me with those boots
okay sorry I'm Morgan from The Walking
Dead you ever seen that show oh yeah
you're like this visual I'm not set this
back down Oh bro wait to get that out of
the mystery box I'm kidding oh you guys
ever seen my dream killer the Stanley
normal it's like breads would throw that
is a demon killer I don't know what
you're saying Thank You Owen for the
boot in the toilet paper
see you later where's look I have an air
mattress that I left from the drive-in
do I put on my pool and we also have an
air mattress pump so we might put that
on the leg - I don't know yet we'll see
the river not like sorry
my snapchats won't send to Paris so I
got to do this I see a tower way out
there should be working but I don't own
it
we're about to be rolling through this
tree without this did you mow down here
oh yeah you'll know down here just for
us Isabella Costa we own you didn't have
to do that so good to me
I hope my camera's microphone battery
lasts dude I have better flashlight than
you're just saying at home that is fried
and see loser you're under arrest
let's get the fishing for us do that
okay ten first whatever I want to say so
we took a look at that River over there
and it's up right now so it's full and
pretty fast so we can't really put the
air mattress on it unless we want to
like go to Canada or drown so we have an
idea we're going to tie the air mattress
to the bank we have stringer for fishies
and we have rope that was in my truck
for some reason and we're going to tie
the two together and we're going to
somehow attach it to the air mattress so
we can lay on it maybe sleep on it
tonight that'll probably just be me and
I brought my macbook and that black bag
way back there it'll be a fun night we
out here bro we just made a tint
I brought my Crocs just in case there we
go boys come on in let's show them
around so there's that corner that
corner of that corner
don't forget all the roof haha it's
really dirty but it should work this
might actually work if it does it'll be
fun together there's a bunch of trees
everywhere but no I better not poke a
hole because I don't want to swim that
looks like good not to me do you take
Boy Scouts down the muddy Hill better
not fall off me
yeah I grabbed it just to make sure I
don't get orange yeah brother it's just
gonna poke me over here isn't it
yeah boom this doesn't even count really
I need a big long stick like the one
that was in your room so I can push off
the bank and if I want to come back oh
please don't fall off the stick it is
broken half well it's okay can you catch
I can try yeah got it is my sleeping bag
yay
Tosh it in could be throwing it yep okay
for some reason this is better than
doing this am i cool I think I just get
more satisfaction okay let's see if the
stick works time to us only I had my
MacBook Logan and if the string breaks
I'll use my stick to give back to shore
you know the water okay don't throw this
to me Thank You Logan no no okay that
was close
yes this is amazing I'm so happy dad no
okay now I'm gonna watch a movie I'll
see you later okay all right fine here
oh okay we're taking a break from the
the mattress I'll come back on there
later see you later dick it's not tied
down
Oh Abbi Shh I forgot it so much god dang
it
we're so stupid we forgot sure hopefully
go than that yeah there's a little
thingy right there that it goes and who
the currents going to push out there I
just know it God goodbye for good I'm
still using yours with thumbnail title
that is hop in and get it be cold good
ah come back sleeping on the ground and
I boy I wanted to sleep on the water is
actually gonna do it I guess I don't
have to keep this on my foot anymore
yeah I think the rafts gone for good we
can't see it anymore but we got a fire
going right here and I think oh and just
kind of fish we'll see how I see em I
hear he's just a little guy hey quit I'm
trying to give you on my youtube channel
stuff almost three million subscribers
you're a pretty big deal now never talk
to your fish I caught a hold on a second
this is not for the faint-hearted and
Logan's double fishing right now I kind
of had to give in mind well they get it
out and stick your thumb in there hey
little guy or girl all right and there
we go see you later hold up I'm a good
person
here we go back into Vassar well time to
get out of this see how we're going to
the boy Tanner just got himself a fish
well not yet baby's about ready I bet
it's bigger than yours thanks huh yeah
you got a good one yes for help but
we're on video team effort you pull it
you do that I pull oh yeah I see where
they go oh that's huge
you just freaking out fit everybody boy
ha ha got it cool ha ha yeah thought I
was weak but it's decent size this is
big for attendance I don't know where
you live but we don't catch any sharks
around here you know what I'm good I got
to get a selfie with this and you guys
thought I was kidding when I said it was
a country boy come on jacket now I guess
I'm for this snapchat actually we have
no service out here so it's going to go
in my camera roll but yeah what's the
name um kid what's that bump on his face
on I said Ted bump leave Molina now it's
Logan's turn to catch a fish I will keep
that camera on
and three minutes later Loki Loki I'll
get some back muscles while you reel him
in oh he's gone goodbye Ted number two
we'll catch you again Owens mom brought
us a bunch of snacks this is becoming
less and less of a challenge but uh not
complaining thank you
here let me get some lighting there we
go we were about to go to bed right now
it is only like nine o'clock but I'm
really tired too woke up really early
this morning so yeah we're going to hit
the hay my sleeping bag is soaked from
getting home the air mattress but yeah
we also forgot pillows oh yeah this is
going to be another bad night's sleep oh
well yeah we will see you guys in the
morning and I will continue with this
love goodnight Logan enjoy nighttime yes
correct after this guys this is my
grandpa to DUP there he so I talked
about earlier and he brought his donut
you want a fish yeah if you guys don't
wanna mess with me yeah I don't want to
start sta please get it get it there you
go
look at us we got the tent back in the
bag three-way high-five boys hi guys it
is time to head back home right now we
only took my trucks like I had dropped
them off real quick but yeah I'm gonna
head back home I want to check on that
beanbag room see how it's doing now I
don't know how much they worked on it
but I've been away the whole time so I
don't know anything see you later until
next time guys I was just going down the
highway and I checked to see if my air
mattress is going to fly out and then I
realized I don't have one anymore if
anybody lives in Missouri that's
watching these videos that's where that
rivers headed to to go down a river near
you and just check for an air mattress
with a stick on hey what's you've been
up to
hey whoa wow did you have your old
collar in your mouth classic Luna well
it looks clean outside the room and whoa
holy crap I know I think there's going
to be this empty yeah my sister has a
room back except I mean there's a lot on
the force though but you can't get
everything we will eventually but oh my
gosh yes guys they're kind of drawer
right here so that it will hold it leave
a like on this video four for one if you
enjoyed it i tried to make camping
entertaining I don't know how well I did
but also leave it like if you guys want
to see like an overnight challenge in
this I would totally do that
since the overnight on the like air
mattress kinda
kind of click bait but oh well I still
hope you guys enjoyed this video I kind
of big fish so yeah leave like any I
think you guys so much for watching and
don't you leave like insurance best you
enjoyed subscribe your new and I'll see
you guys next one you came in looking
like that you just maybe
