what did you only guys today we're back
in today two things real quick first off
if you missed yesterday's video you have
to go check it out right now before you
watch this video before you do anything
we spent a lot of time and we filled my
sister's room with these little tiny
beanbag things that would go in this and
then we filmed her reaction whenever she
got home it was super funny we had my
mom in on it and then I also got my
brother a MacBook for his birthday
surprised him with that so there's a lot
of cool stuff in that tell them right
now
uh-huh and then this is the new Mouse I
talked about too in yesterday's video
hey hey I'm not even editing right now
she's on all my stuff I'm pretty sure
you guys have heard of Razer if you're
in the gaming at all if you guys didn't
know I'm quite the gamer okay I just
don't film me gaming because nobody
cares about that but yeah it has a
keypad on the side of it so so if I just
want to type something while I'm playing
it's right here at my fingertips or my
thumb tip it's great and if Luna chews
through this wire I will literally sell
her for free but yeah I want to hear
today my cousin Owen we are well by the
time this videos up my new clickbait
album is finally out for you guys a
physical copy and the iTunes copy all
those songs that I've talked about for a
really long time it's finally here it's
actually here you guys can go download
on iTunes there will be a link in the
description and that's what this video
is based around this video is based
around clickbait the new album is so lit
we're going to just go around we're
going to use the album and we'll show
you guys stuff that you guys can do when
you get the album and you go jam out our
outside we got a big speaker not
sponsored by JBL go get my album not not
there speakers you know what get both I
don't care as long as you've something
to experience click P so we're just
going to kind of have some fun do our
thing and my album is going to be
playing the back page it's going to give
us the strength first song is bring back
the summer by not your dope get the song
dope though
at the drop oh and turn
whoa-oh
creaking clean that's all amazing ever
done that forever we have not done that
since the old house in the old cool
oh it's turn yeah yeah you didn't oh I
know yeah guys just one of the songs in
this big album physical copy that comes
with a poster actually comes with two
extra songs by black bear some of you
guys might know them actually pretty big
we partnered with them and they got two
songs on the physical copy now we're
going to move on to driving hey buddy
you know the drill right you know I got
two of these so uh you know you can have
the old one but before you get in the
car let's go before we go on a drive
shout out to my sister she clean the
kitchen my mom's making in the living
room my mom's making me sell Milus
yeah oh we're having lasagna for dinner
well hold up real quick you know would
make this even better we got to stop a
gas real quick kind of killed the mood
but allowed you to turn off the car
that could be a fire
your times which is a jacket on you know
anything clickbait you've got this
about you see that about you you're out
my clickbait shoes and yeah Owen might
not go quite as fast as I did this is
first time driving it so go back uni
yeah you're just to mess with the down
here I'm gonna left he's really told so
we're going to go with a more chill song
in the playlist and it's literally
touching the roof will go with help our
souls down on my feet
I
come on hold it and in neutral this
things up and what's changed we can do
for whatever we want you're listening to
the clickbait album all right okay now I
need to keep this up because you're
seven foot eight and even after all that
guys there's still some more songs for
you to enjoy while you enjoy some
lasagna
yummy there's a bean bag hair in it hey
Maya zombies don't you ready to hop in
bed or hop in the bean bags don't worry
I'll put on a song from the album wait I
know a better bean bag in it fun this is
so close dude I'm just going to do this
like every vlogs now on it got oh my god
my where's my gun where's my gum oh it's
got to be in here somewhere whose gum in
here somewhere now
the mess outside the room is getting
bigger this is not okay now there's
something else I really want to do come
over here don't Hardwell the people that
I'm partnering with to make this albums
they sent me these so I could sign them
for you guys and there's actually a few
extras so I get to keep one look even my
tape is quickly yeah see that finally
I'll be able to sleep at night am i
right yo you need one of these for the
road on well I'll hook you up for sure
cuz I'm definitely not sleeping in my
dude just not without that and heard
well also sent me the actual physical
copy of the CD so let me open this real
quick even though I just kind of started
oh oh it's kind of fancy and some
personal oh my gosh look at this so on
the physical one it has all of our
inside jokes on the channel on it and I
loved it so much and then it has all the
songs on the back I'm so hyped the
insides clickbait this TV is killing me
I know a lot of people don't actually
like the physical stuff anymore cuz the
song like phones and stuff but this is a
collector's item okay for you super fans
out there you really want this or for
your normal fans that want to become
super fans
aka cool get yourself one of these I
haven't use this thing I usually plug my
phone in but not anymore
there we go oh that's loud dude this
thing is actually sweet I've never even
up with the subs yeah I'm guilty too I
don't listen to this stuff get it you're
going to work never use this before it's
going love this song well guys we
couldn't get that thing you to work back
there so my mom is going to be here to
end off the vlog with me tell them about
the new merch this video is just one big
advertisers but it was a pretty good
video do you guys like it I like filming
it yeah
okay so if anybody's been on our website
you've seen we've closed the store for a
couple days let's not get that close
yeah and we are reopening it right now
we've just got the same stuff we've had
but we are coming out with new items
hopefully those will be on the website
next week and available for shipping
probably two weeks after that so bear
with us we're working on it yeah my
mom's starting to do the merch by
herself we have so many new ideas coming
literally so cool she's already
brainstorming he's gonna be fun this is
her this is her own my baby now yeah I
got something just something big so yeah
thank you mom do you like my new poster
which poster look behind you
oh yeah I spilled water on the corner of
the room so I hope you guys all had a
great day today and I'll see you guys in
the next video thank you so much for
watching don't you leave like ensure the
friends be enjoyed subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out I let my dog do the Astro
again just cuz she's kind of cute I
can't sleep me my poster isn't working
should we get another one
because I spilled water on it earlier or
maybe it ain't my father's I throw okay
we're actually going to bed goodnight
thought you came in looking like that
you just made
