what is going on guys today we are
backing today it is 1:00 in the
afternoon and my mom has taken my sister
out to go shopping right now I've been
planning through a prank on someone else
in my family for a really long time so a
few weeks ago with Tanner Fox we were
walking through Walmart and I saw this
stuff it was for bean bags it was just
beanbag beans that you can buy to
replace them in your bean bag so I was
like I failed someone's room with that
that would be such a good prank and I
was thinking I was like who should I do
that to I wanted to do it to my brother
originally but I kind of spilled the
beans and then I had to tell my mom as
well so she could help me out with it so
I've decided I'm actually going to be
pulling a prank on my sister Taylor
today Taylor I'm sorry okay I'm going to
clean up your room a little bit and I
want to see is it dirty that's probably
what should be most mad about not the
actual prank but before I do that if you
guys watched yesterday's video was my
brother's birthday yesterday I got him
his camera for Christmas but I didn't
get him a birthday present so I'm about
to head to Best Buy real quick I'm gonna
get him a MacBook just him my sister
always argue about who's going to use it
and whatnot they basically share the one
I got my sister but check it out guys
these are the boxes there's so many of
them completely huge full of these beads
and this is going to take literally so
long to clean up but you don't realize
how small these are I have about three
hours to get all these beanbag beads
bring them inside open them up put them
in my sister's room I think after we
might put them in the guest room next to
my sister's room and have that as just
like a random room full of you know
beads I guess oh yeah it's going to be a
good day I hope you guys are all having
a great day and I'll see you guys when I
have a Macbook
as the MacBook is in the car I also got
myself a gaming mouse because mine for
my computer sucks right we're going
inside Dresden Thursday come here what I
didn't know but this is really heavy
this is freaking heavy what is this this
is mine yeah back me Hearst I trusted oh
my godness thank you I got you the 256
gigabyte I was gonna give you the new
one with a touch bar but I didn't think
you're good enough for that it's the
same one I have so yes lit Thank You
Nyjah stop freaking stealing Taylor
exactly I told him about that
oh it's I'm so nice you want to help me
move some foam up to Taylor's room
because I'm going to put the beanbag
beads on top of the foam so that it
looks a little bit higher because well I
bought a thousand dollars for the bean
bag beans but I don't know if I bought
enough so no not yet so I want to make
her freak out as much as possible so
we're going to put foam on her floor to
make it a little bit higher you wanna do
that was me sure let's go I got myself a
full gaming mouse hey bro could you help
out with this we need as many pawns as
possible so I can take it ease up in
here yeah this is a daunting task indeed
let's kick it into gear buddy who's that
MacBook is motivation guys this is going
to be like two prints in one this is not
only beanbag beads but it's also foampit
if we fell into the foam pit right now
we probably died you can kind of see the
carpet over there
we're down for now no more blocks
let me check up on the room all right
it's looking good looks like some
minecraft room or something we'll just
place your chair right back there
okay all right let's go to the garage
start getting the actual packages okay
Quentin's on his way because we really
need help we need all the help we can
get a mom is viola some additional time
we have an hour so we should be good
okay three two one oh my foot oh I
forgot to go right through
oh I did not know you're gonna do that
tailbone yeah I know I was funny
oh my god you know they used cardboard
boxes like movie thumbs to dispose you
down mm-hmm yeah it doesn't freaking
work I don't care what Taylor says I'm
not cleaning this up I'm not helping
okay it's not happening this is a lot of
work yeah
all right hero is here you're going to
help us this one broke a little bit see
they're flying out I don't even want to
pick up the free better on the floor I
can't even imagine the cleanup today are
you looking to knock you imagine a few
hours oh god no no no your footage
punctured one time yeah keep your foot
in there keep your foot in there slowly
pick it up dump that one first I game
okay hot Quentin no we can't do the
prank outside of room she's going to
know
keep your foot out okay pick it up it up
no can you draw it in that rodents wait
the back - OH
oh my god oh they're going to be more
than enough that was too bad guys two
bags music oh it's a bad idea but I
already ordered it make sure there's not
outside her room I'm going to try to
keep them all over bed so you know she's
asleep tonight I'm not that man got a
Janet Lee man this has to be the best
prank ever so long everybody I swear
you can wince your Wonderland ready
Justin bury me grab a bag oh yeah very
much house
these are job your nose if you go under
okay guys the beans are just under the
window level my sister definitely cannot
tell from outside and this is the room
it's Christmas out here we're just
getting rid of the trash we're gonna go
close my drugstore that has all the
boxes in it my mom and my sister are 10
this way right now
I'm so excited guys this took so much
work here we go this is just a little
test run Oh where'd he go
I'm right here yeah yeah yeah you just
fall right through it by the way so it's
just like the cardboard all right now we
wait I must stay out the window so she
gets home there's one in my bellybutton
you guys want to know what it's like
yeah I just tagged it's dark for a
second it's like find the phone we're
gonna put it flashlight up just so we
can actually find it yeah is actually
nothing it's at the bottom
hip-hip-hooray wait here yeah just my
mom's truck okay okay get back to that
you cannot see yes okay we're just gonna
wait just gonna chill here I'm just
going to hold out the camera like this
in selfie mode which you can sit ok
couldn't get under oh my god we made
your room a winter wonderland
my life like what a big bet you can pick
any women here come in here see you went
shopping yeah it was all very short it
was really cool that was great oh my God
look at this I don't think this is brief
this is going to be such a pain to clean
up yeah other than I said a long ways
you guys come out make longer hardest
working most time-consuming goes first
right it feels really cool tightly under
the breeze
I'll be a bitch I was so nervous we were
going to blow it I was trying to like
I'm probably gonna sleep in the other
room tonight
now if the Olympic swimmers there's no
lie that has been the prank of my sister
I hope you guys enjoyed this video this
is all we're doing for today because it
took forever I'm tired now some I go bed
all but there is one very important
thing that I forgot to do and I'm
getting kind of stressed while editing
this video I really need to just go
upstairs it's all over our house
everywhere you go now rose Luna here she
comes there you go hey come on
oh here she comes all the phone blocks
have found their way to the top we
played it in a lot last night remember
Luna know what's wrong
look at her - swimming like in the pool
yeah run didn't want to join the Luna
did that's so funny haha there you go
you're getting the hang of it let's keep
your head off you read up well guys this
has been B indoor bean bag beads winter
wonderland insane prank I hope you guys
enjoyed it this took so long but it
turned out amazing and hopefully yeah
like I said we can get these beads into
the other room and keep a room like this
because honestly
really fun to just wow yeah thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
I hope you guys enjoyed it maybe like if
you would want to come jump and play in
this right now we all know you would
and yeah comment down below some other
pranks you might want to see I don't
know make idli as messy as this I don't
care leave a comment and yes there you
go some report in this video and don't
really like your toast recipe enjoy
subscribe me do and I'll see you guys
next week
give them it ain't my fault learn hey my
fault you came in looking like that you
just made me
