wait for me look away look away little
boy happy birthday little rascal oh my
god remember that yeah haha what is
going on guys today we're back in today
it is Tristan Braun guards birthday I
look like right now people look at my
hair
he's now 19 years old still is at home
congratulations Thank You Man oh my god
I was kidding we love you you just stay
here as long as you like just stop
eating my cereal and watching the same
Thompson every morning every morning
that is but yeah everybody get wish
Trista happy birthdays Instagram is
Tristan burger yeah something like that
I'm on them you know what to do yeah I
went out in flat Tristan's button Hawaii
too bad you weren't lying down or I
would have slapped it again oh yeah
beaver yeah you rascal you know how I
got Taylor dime MacBook for her birthday
oh I got you something too oh my god
your sock is on our kitchen counter for
some reason dude this may be so happy I
think the dogs to do that oh my god this
is making so special and I love it you
buddy thank you my god give it back
that's my time well do I get Taylor
anything for Christmas guy gave you that
camera oh yeah I gave anything oh I said
the macbook counter for Christmas
well the camera counts for your birthday
see you later just kidding I might give
you something later whenever I'm not so
busy I gotta go at it good night so yeah
because what you say video we are back
at home I didn't show any of the dogs in
yesterday's video come here come here
oh god almost tripped Wow I mean I did
trigger I don't know why I'm rattling
him up I just have to edit and I mean so
gonna crawl all over me hey I freaked
out of it hey relax relax i forfeit any
little white flag Queen what come here
while you look good for my vlog looks
better than I did this morning laying
right now it's still the morning yeah we
are about to go eat right now for
Tristan's that birthday somehow that
special and then my idea for today is to
move the rectangle trampoline next to
the pool and finally make that cool pool
setup that I've wanted to do for a while
got to make sure Quentin can come at me
with that because I cannot do that by
myself
and since I'm going to be in the pool
that's why I have a shower yet
that's why I'm wearing the scent tail
again the trucks window he chose Olive
Garden who would have thought I didn't
have an idea what I wanted to yes I
loved waiting an hour for food when the
restaurants empty you go Olive Garden
not that Paris is house because my mom
is going to be meeting the baby
Surya she hasn't met her yet and my
brother sister going to come to I'm
heading there right now and I always
want to see Surya so Molly Molly come
here Molly
I'm gonna say that I missed her and like
closer there you are correct what are
you doing come here Molly so baby's all
happy you ready to meet my mom she's
pretty cool I guess you might like your
I don't know come in would you even
bother to tell anybody we were coming
yeah mom we're playing this new Friday
13th game and it's pretty sick if we get
it to work okay you play I talk you have
any of you guys played pirates online
it's pretty fun the Ohana husband helped
with the handoff there we go I'll teach
you all about how to be a dad someday
how much your birthday going little
little baby yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
evidence why you should not be in debt
the camera away goodbye Molly you
usually love me but not today are you
about to help with this I don't think
it's going to happen but we can try
bet soap in the pool now so my whole
family thinks we're going to be fitting
this trampoline through this tiny gate
but I've spent a lot of time in the
backyards and I know for a fact that
there's another date over here there
should be like twice as big
oh by the way that trampoline fell the
legs just kind of broke under it yep
there's a lot of I'm never wearing black
clothes here so yeah this is the gate
it's bigger I think it might work
probably not but it might let's give it
a try quitting's with his girlfriend
right now so he can't be here to help
and I have to go to another birthday
dinner for my brother my dad's house a
little bit so hopefully this works I
want to do this right now I haven't
showered all day just for this I don't
know if it's wide enough we might have
to lift one side and I don't know we'll
try to make it work looks it's not
completely broken there's one leg
standing on it tonight yeah we didn't
use any of the instructions of bolts or
anything it looks like oatmeal
we're at it I really have not been out
on my trampolines in weeks all this
gates are far away there was interesting
birthday we can make him help rose no
more oatmeal go give me my cat
flip-flops
you're not getting a stomach rub today
we're at the gate it's going to be close
here let me help you out with my pinkie
finger I knew it
you both doubted me in work yeah boom
and boom and then we've somehow got to
get to the pool so that's where we were
way over there and now we're almost
there
so the plan is to take it over these
rocks try not to take out this stuff
we'll move the chairs and we'll slowly
bring it around here we'll probably have
to go over the pool and I'll be the one
stepping in the pool I don't care and
then we'll just slide it to the balcony
I never realized there's a tree in the
way thank you anytime Luna you'll get it
okay thanks she's actually doing it go
go go
all xxii it I was going to jump onto the
roof having flashbacks to our shed oh I
think I can do it yeah like a little
leapfrog I could jump into the pool but
it's so shallow that was the deep end
that'd be so nice we'd already be here
look at that we didn't have to in the
water guys this backyard was meant for
this trampoline to barely fit everywhere
we go
okay yeah let's brick yukio-san or
awesome ah my back read yet guy stop
stop can have it go from there now you
can jump from there or there you record
since you almost killed me
Wow it's perfect I should try the other
one too but I'm not going to do the
whole like inside the outside thing
we're just going to go kind of scary
when you're slippery but it's okay I got
it yes that Queen this is amazing you
want to try it out mom
not today tomorrow maybe when I don't
have my jeans on or the next day that
thing in the pool scares me a little
school cleaner it's intimidating mom's
pretty this summer will be fun with it
next up is mini trampoline forced into
hot tub now see my original plan which
have this trampoline long ways do a foot
off the balcony land do a flip into the
pool but I don't think it's going to fit
wait I telling the most attractive way
to get out of the water if you're ever
on a pool party date with a girl just do
this fix my hair it is sick hi I'm a gum
out of the shoe then I got to get out I
get a trial I got to go to my dad's
house for my brother's final birthday
gathering things back flip
yeah we talked on the door to see if you
were home yeah this is my house you guys
can't be back here sorry I mean it's
cool to see you guys I'd take a picture
of you but I can't I can't think just
stands on my house with me most people
come okay but Georgia rub my face and
we're grabs a wig oh okay
all right well all right I'll see you
later
except my gay Lee shut up me uh actually
sleeping whenever I was gonna grow their
dad was actually just blocking my entire
driveway with his van who does that what
we're from Georgia okay I'm sorry
thank you guys for also my video I said
this a million times okay it doesn't
matter if you're the president you
frickin United States this is my one
place okay
come up to me in public as long as I'm
like not eating don't come in my
backyard and wait for me to get home
that's freaking weird we talked with the
neighborhood and we're actually getting
a gate that goes up writing for
of our little cul-de-sac so no one will
be able to get back here anymore and I
mean we have cameras and stuff but none
of that stuff's actually going to stop
people like like you just saw okay I
would not feel so the most annoying
thing is I read comments they're like
you signed up for this life what died I
make videos for people watch yes that is
what I do and I am so glad that my
life's like this but part of the deal is
not that you get to come in my backyard
and have a freaking campout only people
that come my backyard of me my family
Parris and my dog goes okay and Quinn
and Dylan I guess maybe not Dylan nobody
likes him yo that was so dumb we're
about to get a bigger gate that goes
around a whole lot because I've come
home and I've seen like kids jumping on
my trampoline stuff and I never really
talked about that stuff but I saw their
van blocking our driveway so I was like
oh great better take out the camera as
we were pulling in we just got back from
my dad's house like I was talking about
and I was like okay they're probably on
the trampolines like I've seen kids on
my trampoline which is you know annoying
as well but I walk in they're actually
in my backyard like I was nice in the
beginning I took pictures with fans that
came here like the first fans that came
here but ever since I'm like yes I can't
take pictures it sound reasonable am I
being unreasonable I wouldn't want to
phone ran in my backyard
well you would not well your youtuber I
mean I have an invitation just come in
right I can I have a sleepover stay the
night or some damn and I'll out there
like I was so awesome they did some yeah
whatever okay I hope you had fun looking
at my backyard
I guess you see it in videos so why'd
you have to come in person okay well
we're getting ahead and in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it I
was going to fall a little bit my dad's
and then I just decided set down the
camera and talk with my family have some
you know some family time play yeah this
has been a day what are you doing what
are you doing and what you looking up
the waters are like lunar this hat see I
think you so much for watching this
video and over you evil I can't read the
prints be enjoyed subscribe you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one yeah
forceful encouragement yeah that's right
I want to swim oh boy yeah see this is
how we got to teach me swim so they'll
go have fun
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
