he's got a head of fire here in the
turbocharged backpack that Johnny tested
detached what is going on guys today we
were back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day today today today
today I would tell you guys what
happened yesterday because I didn't vlog
obviously I'm on this every other day
schedule but nothing happened so that's
the update but today I put on my
Instagram story that I want you guys to
send me your bad trampoline fails and
yes that is the man that played on Cory
in the house as Cory wearing some dibbs
ah I made a video like this a long time
ago it's been like two years and it
almost has 10 million views so I'm gonna
do it again we have over 700 submissions
we're gonna go through them right now oh
so by the time you guys are watching
this video I'll be in California so
watch out for those vlogs in the days to
come
ha sent me my own fail we might as well
watch because I was just a silly little
kid oh my god Johnny chase popped up yes
the bully's best friend is joking from
Quinn Murphy a broken arm
please watch alright I don't think this
is on the trampoline it says dislocated
arm oh my god
oh hell yeah Frank I've never understood
how people can do flips like 4 feet off
the ground just like him and can break
their arm I've never understood I find
it like that a million times in his arm
you heard it you just damn that sucks I
hope you're ok now man screw that next
snap um I hope not but we're gonna watch
it anyway oh oh okay we're gonna replay
that one more time because I don't know
if you guys can hear it
what were you going for there commit
commit commit I'm gonna be your freakin
coach right now through the camera don't
go for a flip if you're gonna be like
yes okay these are going really quickly
but that was awesome that was hilarious
nothing like a good old fail where no
one dies and it's just funny so good job
that's so Sara shoutout to you for
sending in that that's so raven wonder
if she wears dibs probably broken neck
trampoline fail ah you got me I bet you
went outside you film that just to trick
me didn't yet breaking my neck trying a
double backflip oh hi Logan
Logan just walked in wanna come watch
this ah why no no okay you're next not
broken cuz you stood up and also why
would you try it off the slant of the
trampoline you got it you gotta use
physics dawg no anyway uh Indy Cassie I
don't know if that's your name
bye this is a video from last year
didn't actually break my neck but hurt a
lot I hope it makes your video you
asshole
I'm getting glug baited by the Tang Clan
well I guess we're even though it looks
good Oh Thank You Johnny - I guess you
do got two systems I do all right Louis
Grantham well he's got the music going
all right let's see it oh thank you no
mm I sounded like PewDiePie for a second
there damn dude you've done that exact
thing
yours was kind of more friendly but I've
done that exact thing here's the clip
I'll go find it just for you okay
I I know the feeling that sucks that
hurts a lot my biggest trampoline fail
was here on the oh yeah insert that one
too why not
okay bull you're right you all right
yeah yo oh my god I forgot I forgot
there was no middle one holy crap i kobe
veal quadruple front flip he's pretty
high up
Oh your leg was so close to getting
trapped so close wow that was always my
biggest fear John Rowland yeah well that
was a trampoline that like bounces you
back up a lot so he's really lucky I
mean could have gone even worse I think
he's okay
this kid broke his tailbone oh it's the
same video yeah I guess all right maybe
he's not okay no beards coming in huge
fail by pickle Rick alright um we'll see
how huge grow two seconds long I was the
best I love watching the funny ones that
are really short and they just get you
good job pickle Rick okay well I'm gonna
go warm the other go okay okay I don't
think that was that bad but your friend
scream it sounds just like mine I love
it
trampoline fail I know it doesn't look
like a fail but it was the worst thing I
had ever done go collect made click page
click mate if this is how it feels when
I do this to you guys I'm sorry okay
okay done I'm kidding I don't even
clickbait that much boy what happened
dude what he just froze more visitors
come in come on
clickbait sure it might be my merge
don't think so
if that's the fail oh my god you should
I'm working with here plug baited left
and right I'm pissed this one's called
headshot yeah never put your trampoline
against a wall that's all I have to say
about that one double backflip his
stomach
come here come watch this one oh your
food smells good who's trying to do a
double backflip to his stomach you know
so you can do more flips that you learn
on your stomach but he did a chin stand
ah I heard the pop I heard everything
dude and it was snowing ow
Jacob Owen oh here's a picture of the
guy's head after this all right what's
what's the video a little big trampoline
you can tell by his form that he's a
free runner or a ji tramp her backyard
self-taught hmm his head got like
trapped under him buddy were celebrating
so he's good
yeah yeah you got me worried for nothing
thank you this guy is high up dang you
gave it your all you committed you just
didn't make it over I mean there's
really nothing you can do about that but
try again you can probably do it by now
another suppose is broken neck we got
more lives than truthers out here
getting a lot of ocean man memes sitting
sent to me thank you
this one's called when you try to beat
an urban guard let's see it's pronounced
Bragg North oh oh yeah I can't do that
you see dude if you're gonna use that
music you got to make a sicker edit okay
I'll make one for you just this once
actually I'm trash at it - Nevin just
never mind that trampoline means bad
results Wow a double full through the
net extra point six out of nine Wow
dude dude stop it goes on and on for
twenty more seconds sorry about the
horrible quality I hope you could see
that but oh my god that that might have
been the worst fail I've seen in a long
time it sucks so bad when you know you
just got hurt horribly and all you can
do is scream and sit there and you can't
even move that sucks I hope that you are
okay bro Wow
guys I'm keeping this a shorter video
because I have to edit it right before
we get on a plane and I really don't
have to worry about it all day so if you
guys enjoyed it if you do trampoline
stay safe don't die and I guess to sign
off here's some of my fails cuz why not
be I think yes it was watching this
video and definitely like you share the
friends we enjoyed subscribe if you're
new and I'll see ya
you came in looking like that you just
made
