they're just gonna wonder why I have a
smiley face and you I guess
she wrote a smiley face on my thigh
anyway what did you all my guys today we
were back in today we are back with
another challenge me me versus her so
I've done the challenge before and I
made it with my brother my sister but I
forgot how we did it so we just went
back and watched that video a little bit
and basically you write down stuff that
you might have done maybe you have not
all right down sin you write down ten
and then at the end we'll be like you
know we'll find out more about each
other and you guys will find out more
about us even though you probably know a
lot about me if you watch my videos no
one knows anything about you because you
don't ever talk okay I'm just kidding I
know everything about you everything
everything you don't know how it's done
about what how many dogs do I want when
I'm older all of them I don't know if I
three it's three is it 3sat shut up so
give us a minute we're gonna come over
there ten questions I don't know how you
choose a winner of this game like is it
the person who has done the most or has
not done the most I don't know if
there's a winner
yeah I don't know okay okay I have my 10
done what are you at yeah we'll see you
guys in 30 months okay guys it was more
like 15 minutes right yeah yeah we might
be able to choose a winner like we can
guess what the other person will say and
then like whoever gets through the most
guesses right wins yeah you just want to
play for fun I know okay fine no winners
no losers today except for you who's
going first yeah you know never have I
ever gotten pulled over do we hold up
first time oh if this game was called
unfair you'd win because you don't even
have a license yet even though I let her
drive my car a lot she drove on the way
back from Table Rock lights like 45
minutes I had to add in my video a
little bit you better hope no cops watch
this video and then I purposely pull you
over to you on a license never have I
ever had a drink of an alcoholic
beverage what did you resist assist man
that I'm gonna say whatever I want
tell me yeah are you gonna but I have
the family friendliness is gone pretty
sure every teenager that's like 16 or
above has taken one little drink tongue
dip you know of an alcoholic beverage or
somebody in it legal in like Europe like
it alright or something all I know is I
near up they have this thing called the
Autobahn where there's no speed limit
and I dream going on like this new shirt
yeah yeah look at the back looking
that's pretty cool never have I ever
kidnapped someone's pet dog I'm not a
psycho to kidnap my dog Rose before yeah
that was before we're even dating she
literally just went with her friends to
my house after she'd been over one time
with her friend and she's walked in and
took my dog put it in her car and she
pee on me yeah good you ever kidnap my
dog again we're over but no we would
probably still be dating without you
kidnapping my daughter well I wanted to
kidnap your daughters I wonder if never
goes black
you're not kidnapping Luna there's no
way I want to let it happen never have I
ever went 100 miles per hour does 90
count wait I try for you drive cuz I've
been in the car with you whenever you
and 100 I've never got 100 120 maybe
yeah yeah maybe new gold 180 so can i
but I have to seven in the Garza's know
why you have a driven game of uno
driving home I was 90 that's a giveaway
for me I have an RA of course I'm gonna
I'm sitting here this whole frickin
video I put me going 100 on my snapchat
for probably bad idea anyway yeah um I
don't speak ever have I ever broken a
bone which is a pinkie toe count the
bone
I think grab my collar even when you're
like three yeah this should be a who
knows who better challenge have I ever
broken a bone you say your pinky toe
yeah yeah how do I break it doing back
foot trampoline that's the typical
drinking I got out of my waterbending
unstuck ah listen my sister rather fish
smells a little flush never have I ever
made a sibling bleed while fighting them
nails nails
oh yeah girls have nails my sister used
to make my ears bleed she like dig in
just I fought with him a lot but once I
got I had a baseball bat but it was like
a Dora baseball bat and I sweated my
brother and I
hit him with it lining his nose blood so
I go like this whenever they won't get
off me and they just start waiting like
sometimes I do to you never have I ever
been ignored by my boyfriend when he
plays pirates online it's a fun game
okay well Dylan played it at Table Rock
and ignored me and he's my boyfriend not
playing he did put it he didn't disagree
played it for a two minutes he played it
I have been ignored by my boyfriend just
give me a paper cut of my nose yeah it's
going to start bleeding I know it was
Paris it was my childhood and I'm just
reminiscing you okay a little bit I'll
get over my addiction to it I've been
playing a lot of pirates online recently
five or six hours a day
more like five or six hours a night
after filming it still in a day look man
I'm just trying to go to like Tortuga
and loot a little bit of slang level in
my part a little 57 okay we're going on
to question four never have I ever
cracked my phone screen I've been like
seven phones ding you're an
irresponsible spoiled brat I've only
broken one phone screen ever and I had a
clean streak until a year ago canta Fox
is over at my house we went to the skate
park and I tried to do a handstand and
my phone fell out of my pocket as I was
doing the handstand on the skateboard
and it tumbled down the concrete
halfpipe and it shattered everywhere I
need to tell you my story I gotta wash
my thumb to hurt okay go ahead
I left it on the car once on the highway
I've done that actually twice I never
got I found on cars anymore yeah I was
leaving one there and my mom did I know
I left it on there and it like it went
under with children is what straight on
the road and I cried I couldn't horrible
I cried once and ever I draw my iPhone 5
in my pool the second day I got it is
your phone cracked right now nope I
rescued a long time never have I ever
ran over a nail okay she doesn't ride
that much so it's not fair of course I
have okay he ran over Charles on the way
to Table Rock we keep bringing up Table
Rock it was like a two-day trip where
like everywhere in every turtle I'm
sorry I couldn't swerve I was going 80
miles an hour you were a little baby
notice where we could have died you want
to do I like it was the turtle or us
past I already explained this to you on
the road come on agrees me and he said
we can just not like that we wouldn't
die she hit me first
a turtle on accident he was chilling in
the middle of the road there was like
Native oh my dodged all the other seven
I've never hit a dog or a cat or a deer
anything okay
I hit a possible including your house I
was like I'm just not going to move out
of the way people hate them anyway so I
kind of ran out it was in my truck what
if that would have grown up to be a mean
turtle well you don't know that turtle
game that I can like get you didn't
sleep never have I ever blown my money
on something stupid you have not ever no
not a job yeah how I paid for my own
phone really I broke it in my dad said
he's not buying me another one because
I'm already broke like five sided paper
my iPhone my boy for it it's a cup good
job high five again just do a face like
the Camry high five psych noon edit
slower my turn oh hey I didn't explain
my story okay yeah there's actually one
on the way home from the Chicago meeting
greet I gave my brother $50 for a white
pair of apple headphones so I could
listen to music on the two-hour flight
home but yeah I really wanted to listen
to music and I only brought a headphone
with 3.5 millimeter headphone jack they
plugs into a computer and not the new
iPhone so I was like what am I gonna do
so I was like hey you keep talking to
just a kid I guess yeah my brother $50
for a pair of headphones that come free
with them worth it okay yeah go ahead
never have I ever went a full day
without eating
oh yeah it's possible yeah so now how do
you she never eats ever she had like a
bite of a sandwich the whole trip we
just went on I had a sandwich on the
boat oh well you're going to die the
least I've ever eaten is when like I
really can't eat cuz my throat hurts
really bad or something like that we
kept throat then I just get strawberry
banana smoothie is from like Dairy Queen
suck on those all day I can't eat a lot
in the summer I can't you you ever had
Doritos and milk in the Sun never have I
ever lied to one of my friends I
probably have I'm pretty sure I was lied
to Dillon sometimes like whenever we're
like 7th or 8th grade you'd be like yo
bro you went hang out and I would be
like and they're playing tall dude who's
Clinton and I'd be like I'll go ask my
mom and I'd be like
no I can't my friends always used to ask
me to hang out there like tell me what
your dad said or send me a picture maybe
like Jack and I got Lexi I'm what said
no and I believe it no I always I feel
like everybody does this I don't feel
bad sometimes you just need some a long
time fully eight hours to play a part
time I never have I ever never is that
how you say it yeah never have I ever
sit for 24 hours that the common one
moving on Josh you're some better ones
you had like I don't know 30 minutes
come up with these sorry
never have I ever slept over at a boy's
house what it is I'm good job whoa crowd
it was how to sneak over at not yours
yeah what the moment people haven't seen
you wake up at my house in my videos
like eight times
hahaha she's so you found the bean bag
okay you do and so do I know you sleep
on the bean bag I sleep on your tuck
event that's true I actually like to be
indictment but I was a bunch of dog pee
on my dogs go in there and pee on when
I'm gone I swear they somehow get in
through my bathroom never have I ever
worn Crocs you were really running out
of ideas weren't you never have I ever
kissed a girl I'll do it
are you sure never should I use my mom
you should go okay your turn oh okay
this is the dumb one this is the dumb
one what was the Crocs one then there's
a dumb one to ever have I ever screamed
during escape okay yes you have no I
have to I hate to go movies okay were
you scared
okay scream so what I do when I go to
scary movies in the theater is I sit
there and whatever scary part comes up I
look at the side of the wall yeah you
know what happens when I go said the
wall I still screamed never have I ever
win a week without showering or closer
when was yours there you go camping and
you don't feel like sharing I went
without showering once a nice to play
call of duty black ops 2 every day and I
got to the highest rank on zombies and I
just really didn't feel the need to get
out of my gaming chair so yeah I went up
to pee sometimes up never have I ever
gotten stitches you've not really you're
broken a bone you get stitches but you
have what about that scar on your leg I
hear I never had such as a nut you
didn't I got stitches on this I think
after that videos before that and
how again you were brother were fighting
and I jumped off my dad's bed and he
pulled him out yeah yeah the very last
question on this list never have I ever
are you ready for this let's go sat down
in the shower even I like basically
taking a bath sitting on the bed no but
like the showers coming out from the top
sometimes I just stood there whenever
any issue my legs I just get down on the
shower in shame sometimes I'm sitting on
the shower listening to music
and I've been in there for 45 minutes
and I'm tired of standing then I just
lay down it was yeah well guys yeah it's
basically universal you know that is
very fair for this challenge video we
didn't know the challenge of Paris if
you guys liked it leave a thumbs up and
also leave a thumbs up if you've ever
sat down in the shower we all know you
have whether you liked it or not not
only the thumbs up if you ever worn
Crocs no one will like the video there
well yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I think you guys so much for
watching and don't leave like insurance
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to do
and I'll see you guys next one peace ah
hey my fault
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
