hey hey Caden nothing had what did you
all my guys today we were back in today
I'm editing well I'm done editing and
you guys remember Dirk right well he has
a little brother named Caden and Caden
likes to ask me what's up hey show him
what you do hey what
my mom said that we should do a life of
teenagers I challenge was a toddler
since you're four right I thought yeah
I'm a my or my 6d I'm 16 my time for
Dylan's morning knee therapy maybe one
day you'll be able to jump off a big
cliff
I know hey I'm a certified whatever
these people I'm good yeah guys it is
day two at Table Rock Lake that's really
loud I'm sorry will go away from it's
also our last day here but I hope you
guys are all having a great day today
we're about to walk down to one of the
big cliffs because I didn't get a
thumbnail for yesterday's video so yeah
we're going to walk down this cliff we
got to go get her some now I got the
swim trunks on I don't think we're
actually going to be swimming today
though everybody else already left it's
just me Paris and Dylan at the cabin I
have no idea what we're doing today
we'll find something after we get this
done man Paris you're going to have to
sit down like a step or two probably
right there can you do it yeah okay they
all think I'm gonna jump down there
they're wrong okay you're good okay good
Thank You Paris any time so we decided
that we're going to be playing hide and
seek in this cabin this lake house this
this amazing house that's really cool
it's going to be Dylan and Paris and I
because both times that we've done hide
and seek we design in the house I live
in now so we decided we're going to mix
it up we're going to do it in this cool
place let me show you guys around a
little bit real quick so this is where
we've been sleeping this is the living
room that's upstairs you go up here
boop-boop-boop and this is like a little
area this is where Tristan has been
sleeping so right there and in here is
where my mom's been sleeping boom and
then here is where you know just another
room back down the stairs kitchen garage
and bathroom downstairs and then it's
just this room with another living room
another kitchen closet bathroom bedroom
and that's it so same rules apply as
when we do it at our house no going
outside okay
Dylan's gonna be using the GoPro I'm
going to be using this camera in Paris
is going to be using my phone and Paris
probably will end up not talking at all
awesome do I have to even be it this is
bullcrap
yeah Dylan's knee still hurts but he's
going to get over it get over it yeah no
going outside you can go up or down
stairs and yeah just limp around you
need like crutches or something yeah
just use your GoPro that came on at
first your at first or not fun albeit
first whoever's counting is counting out
of this blanket give you guys two
minutes and stills legs hurt nevermind
no SD card in the GoPro Seville ins
using his phone haha thank you one two
minutes to go 13 ah 14:18 su toe toe toe
toe to toe to toe start authorized
visitors shi 30 whoever's getting under
me right now so fun - no hiding spot
what number was I at 40 41 and I quit
counting I'm just going to guess and
every time yeah if you're still under me
I don't know why you're still under me
one ah
hello wasn't gonna move you think
forever okay I know your knees hurt just
do a handstand everywhere you go oh my
gosh what a horrible hiding spot yeah
okay time to go find Paris Paris if you
can hear me don't come out even though
you won and Dylan's going to be it but
yeah okay time to get my Paris and Dylan
you kick you many hints that's just
breaking the rules okay one go upstairs
one first we'll check in here under the
bed classic no getting out of under this
bed is a freaking hassle to do I have no
idea where she could be this was not
closed
haha the alarm went off yeah is she
complaining she won by luck whoever went
off didn't it yeah okay well there's no
view from Paris maybe she did talk did
you talk at all no it's not yeah this
isn't a compass I got out from under the
bed okay Dylan's turn to count we all
have to start in this room kay ready all
right you guys better go hide I'm giving
you a 20 second trying to hide on this
floor okay like not upstairs and or
downstairs nine ten
way back there you'll never find me I'll
be sitting a friend come into a nice
pond 52 a minute three hey I'm going to
come out in like ten seconds okay I'm
out
all right behind you guys I can hear us
moving up there you seen this and you
wonder you know I see Tanner's head over
there I'll let you I danced all right
there's no way he exits - I saw your
good in you dude all right well ah
Barry come out well I move this couch
just to hide here I couldn't sit there
there was only no Paris can come out you
have to go find it don't come out Paris
freaking tired when let's forget you
bigger legs like mine oh yeah yeah I
have no idea it's just funny watching
LeBron yeah you find for me haha yeah oh
yeah good one very much behind the door
yeah
thank you very much you know I was just
about to offer me to be like your little
you're limping stick like I was gonna
let you hold on to me but I guess not it
doesn't matter if you want to count you
haven't yet and I'm sorry we always do
three rounds so she can for the last one
you can go that you haven't we're going
to mix it up this time that you can go
outside but you can't go very far yes
you can all finally you I'm not gonna so
if you me count to two minutes yeah okay
go
I'm not going outside promise I already
know really cool spot where I'm gonna
hide I it's gonna be sick
18 19 20 21 22 lordy should have brought
shoes I perfect I'm gonna hide right in
there so never find me there am I going
to be able to grab my camera though I'm
gonna get a frickin splinter oh please
don't fall hey there's my dirty car all
right I'm gonna just set you guys right
there 61 62 away I saw a sexy donut okay
this is the scariest hiding spot I've
ever gotten into
holy crap yeah that's a long haul it's
like 10-feet I'm coming
no God almost off I'm actually kind of
wishing she's going to find me because
I'm so scared like I'm halfway office
I hear Dylan Dylan should I get you or
Tanner supposed to answer me up there's
a spider right there - Oh Dylan my hey
you get up I hate you
you stay that it is we always find a
nerd I'm not getting up you think you
might be in his car it's hot out here I
don't want to be out here
Hannah oh my god am I gonna make it
chicken
we've read
hey you okay I need help I'm literally
so good stalling your phone yeah are you
so dropping how do you get up I don't
know go down there Chester you don't
want to follow Chakri yeah thanks for
the help so as you guys can tell on the
hide-and-seek master just kidding Paris
is the one that didn't get found the
most she got found second both times I
think so what's your prize gonna like
say you can have all the rest of snacks
but you don't eat so I was that your
prize yeah I was at a pretty good spot
she took forever oh my gosh well guys we
are going to go back to what we were
doing which is sitting here doing
nothing so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video this has been nunu house hide and
seek I'm just kidding I'm not going to
put a new house in the title at all I
always do that even though we've been
living in our house like two months yeah
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and don't forget friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys the next one uneven it ain't my
ball from everybody in this room now it
ain't my fault look and now for the
actually good one
my part you came in looking like that
you're just maybe
