rise and shine Lunas up and ready to go
hey too bad you're not going anywhere I
wish I could take you go get a book okay
get me okay come here why are you like
you're like half of this what is going
on guys today we're back in today Paris
and Dylan and I are going to Table Rock
Lake it is about five or six hours away
it is six o'clock in the morning so
we're going to have a lot of fun today
we should have plenty of time once we
get there because today is going to be
the only day with really good weather
apparently so we're going to drive up in
the Challenger my mom and everybody's
already at this cabin house we stayed
there last year's really really cool all
I want in on this come here come here
oh she really blends in with these
pillows about these pillows last night
of the driving because we went and saw
Pirates of the Caribbean five such a
freaking good movie if you guys have
seen the first four or like any of the
other ones go watch it it's so good yeah
Quentin's not coming I told him me good
he didn't want to so it ain't my fault
you guys know that talk to the Caribbean
online game yeah I played it for like a
day and I got banned for saying lmao I
got banned guys it's now been two months
without washing this car I should
probably change that but that was so
sick oh my gosh Luna hey no I'm not
scratching here yeah yeah and come on
mother come on hey over here I don't
think Luna can squeeze does its back
gate anymore here go go go go ready yeah
that's what spiderweb I feel it on my
face yeah yeah bye girls
road trip we are about two hours into
this trip and we're looking at the sky
here it kind of looks cloudy if if not
it reads like nice and sunny and happy
today because cliff jumping whatever
cloudy you're scary and you feel like
you're gonna die so I'm not about that
you do have some clothes jumps yeah you
are who likes water is up right now is
what my mom said she's already there
with my brother my sister so I don't
know how high the cliffs are going to be
the biggest ones last year we're 70 feet
they're probably like 50 right now I
don't know hey we made it in an hour
early thanks to me you guys are welcome
sorry for the scare we went down windy
road high speeds so this is a place it's
really cool it came here last year isn't
it great
I've been here but you put her bags
inside
oh yes and actually killing your this is
my room in there all the way bed I'm
daring usually I have to ruin a pair of
tennis shoes never ago cliff jumping
because you got to wear shoes up there
but this time we got the Crocs so we
should be okay even though you know we
might have silly so there's a trail
there's a house right there and then
there's a trail down here and you can
see way over there there's a little
cliff like literally imagine just
walking down from your house you know do
go through some spiderwebs walk up these
and then BOOM okay that's that's really
high but yeah you guys you can't that's
way too high let me throw rock you lean
oh hi this is like I would never jump
off this because I think it's just a
little bit too high but you know yeah
it's scary let's not jump off this one
we'll go find a safer one I don't know
how people jump off like 100-foot ones
that would hurt so much like no matter
how you landed that would hurt all right
guys this swim trunks are on we just got
done exploring the house it's actually
really cool and this house is up for
sale
my mom said we're buying it and yeah I
like it because it's all secluded like
out in the woods you know you get that
force the country boys vibe what is up
guys back in another video and we stole
the camera if I could figure out a zoom
it's not going to focus okay okay show
them yeah go dude how do you do that
you're like Avatar you're The Last
Airbender dude like shaking out a
thankful trash I like I'm holding Tanner
right I'm like I leave it ah
and then look now walk away you know
what yeah yeah stairs I'm going to close
it as well okay so yeah we're going to
walk down to close right now that's
where I'll show you guys if you take a
right it just leads down to another clip
that's actually like appropriate height
now remember guys keep off the wall hey
get off their kids down through this way
Mike I'm gonna go to poke that stick
with a target okay Dylan you go first I
don't know where to go there's a lot of
spiderwebs good I don't know one of
those oh yeah they just stick take you
take this shizer oh they're all over my
leg look you watch out for that green
moss you do not want to mess with that
ha
okay I'll put up a whole Chad night I
just slid down this rock being over
recording it's super slippery so tonight
I was put on that we taught me died like
come on bears
around the rock I saw you do it I
thought you were like doing it for fun
okay okay
I've never gotten poison ivy or oak or
anything that might change here is our
rescue boat thank you mom
that's the one we're going to go to it's
pretty high and then there's a hole
right there
shout out to Dirk for letting me use his
GoPro I left my home didn't think I'd
want to use it so sector watch your
channel dude Dirk Choppers is my channel
okay yeah we go we're ready all right
now we just got to use a little rope and
get up I can teleport back up to a cliff
I would close jump all day just getting
up stuck I'm gonna ruin my Crocs oh gosh
much higher up here oh boy I'm telling
you guys right now you're not going to
want to jump off this and you're
probably going to go down to the middle
cliff do this is like Pirates of the
Caribbean and we're in the movie right
now brothers yeah and then I stand and I
come out this side yeah see it's not
high at all literally no high Dillons
knee is hurting really bad he had
surgery you guys already know a long
time ago and it's like acting up right
now so it sucks he can't really jump
okay yes yeah but you have no excuses I
will jump with you I promise
okay this won't be like the phone pick
I'll do one more jump after this hey
where do we jump at just straight out
just stick a stick do we have to jump
out far no no there's nothing under so
you just jump yeah you're gonna plug
your nose on you
you know for your nose ok ready 3 2 1
yo
I got it my nose I should have plugged
my nose off weird my trunk oh oh they
look nothing ah there it is Dylan going
off the smaller one
yes end it
okay we're about to head back to the
cabin I'm gonna do one last thing even
though the waters so cold
already 300 boom oh boy
okay guys so it's raining as you can
tell we're back at the cabin oh it's
also dark by the way I had to leave my
camera on the boat for us to swim back
and go up the cliff again so I had to
spit out my gum and it's not electric
trash can and I met my brother's change
it but yeah it's storm really hard right
now there's like a flash flood warning
maybe like a tornado warning and all the
Internet's out and the service is down
and everything no signal on the TV so
we're kind of just chillin we sell
electricity though so that's cool but
yeah the weather did get bad like I said
earlier in this vlog it was supposed to
happen tomorrow but you know I'm not a
meteorologist what's the tornado is that
the end but we're up in the mountains
with us we're safe not really so his
work $1,000 for anyone that will go jump
off that really really big cliff right
now in the storm it's really tempting
yeah it's still raining hard it is 10 10
o'clock is is in sir I need verification
here parent and it's cold outside which
came outside to check like one last time
where'd you go where did you go all
right all right we don't really know
what to do we're probably gonna call
today and we'll see you guys tomorrow I
don't know what we're doing we don't
know how the weather is going to be we
might just chill I don't know yeah I
think you so much for watching this
video and don't you leave like interests
eventually enjoy subscribe he knows and
I'll see you guys the next one hey get
up here oh you know it ain't my fault
my thought you came in looking like that
you just mentioned
