goodbye my little angel we're going to
go babysit actual baby nothing ok she's
laughing and I'm laughing because I had
to reset it because yeah our dog sitters
are on the way and Paris and I are about
to go babysit her little sister today
we've talked with her mom amber and we
have full what custody of the child for
the night as you guys know I've always
made jokes about being a dad as a
teenager so I'm like man that series
would do so well on YouTube and that's
always been the big joke so today I'm
going to make that series of reality
with a real baby and we didn't have to
steal it or anything yeah it's her baby
sister her name is Surya and she is 2
months old she doesn't know God so yeah
we're going to drive over to her mom's
house it is 7 o'clock now so we're not
actually going to stay there day I can't
do that I have to upload by 3:00
tomorrow
what does bakes it and call it a day in
the life ha hey let's go hi what's up
Molly
this is Paris's dog Mowgli okay Molly
and I don't think I've shown you guys
here before she's like my favorite dog
ever oh yeah and we went by Taco Bell
and got some freezes because in
yesterday's video the QA people were
saying that I don't like talked about
any more come on come on
oh she's away hi I was here like four
days Suz mad okay if you do be fun okay
guys we are on our own with the baby
okay
the mom like the actual mother of this
baby just gave us a hit we need to go
ahead and feed her now so thank you just
like you have to kind of force it in
right like take this and then maybe
they'll take it off you smile a little
bit Surya
thank you I'll show you is it going good
I'll good job hold my finger like it's
my hand like this I got it good dad oh
you definitely got milk on the wing you
fixed the baby I'm going to show them
the milk on the lens look it's right
there the reason she's so upset is
because she's drinking that and not this
and we are five minutes into this relax
we have to prove that we are good
parents even then we're not planning on
having one of you soon we can still do
it
huh she's talking to us now see she's
not sad she's not upset his milk will
not come off
awesomesauce should we teach her how to
play zombies hi you're gonna say can we
do try to do I just have a dog and I'm
baby I'll teach her how to vlog for the
first thing all right take over baby
what is going on guys today Korea not a
tubular she's just like you she hates
recording herself okay - ping ticka
ticka ticka i will teach how to play
zombie since she's essentially like that
so you hit a to jump this is the shoe
button and yeah you got some there right
there take it take it you two months old
you ready to do some trick shot oh I'm
ready to pound some news huh are you
ready to phone some noobs say yes say
now there you go you have she's playing
with her feet yeah
yo she's pointing backwards now yo she's
killing good job I mean the control is
not on as my feeling so baby ever get
sad just act like your finger is your
hand and then you know do this so do the
bicycle legs but igloo she's looking at
you guys oh this is cute yeah she is she
doesn't really talk much yeah could you
keep it down we're trying to flex box
right hey bro I'm trying to play can you
quit kicking come on oh she's holding
your hand I thought she was about to do
the whip
how much meaning just kidding guys I'm
actually good parent okay I'm taking a
break from zombies to bounce her up and
down right you're the TV we just died
because we were we were taking care of
our kid this is ridiculous
what did I do oh no milk no okay so I
wasn't crying at least I was just weird
what's an Xbox okay do you read
yeah just suddenly she said Andrea we
can handle it I promise
there you go there you go she's still
Pat a little bit we're gonna go check
her for uh some liquids or solids you
know I'm standing by for moral support
you got this se peen I think we're good
I'm good she definitely she did you got
one eye on sure how you get know you
like this but don't you know just throws
it on there okay just smiling now she's
like right back to the baby she pees
everywhere okay ever no diaper game you
can do that you know Sarah all right
look we're already pros already pros
tell me when to deliver yeah yeah there
you go
look at how happy she is Nash that was
awesome really like she just said diaper
on wrong now we just got a master doing
this while we like don't die on zombies
like we got to be able to keep running
away and shooting as we like changer
high five teen a few moments later what
did we do all we did was change us up
when we're trying we're gonna do it all
babies love you just had to sit down in
a rocking chair
well this one's really comfy good sleep
I don't know any song I remember I was a
baby and I never slept and then like
whenever I was like ten years old I
still never slept and I hated sleeping
and now every time I get to sleep I
love it so much can we turn this thing
on what is that an owl that makes nature
noises I have one of those in Myers
absolutely minecraft music hi can we
just play minecraft and put it right to
sleep oh I know one twinkle twinkle
little star how I wonder what you are
what's the rest of the world so high
like a diamond think she's ready for bed
no no no
so a combination of two things screw her
up and annoy her the next three yeah
never mind she's not going to bed she
wanted to hang out in here with us we're
gonna watch some Netflix now this is so
hard ha ha ha I'm kidding it I mean it
is pretty easy dis cuz I think this
baby's really cute so I like it but I
mean like after a while yeah whenever
they yell for a long time I get scared
or real though she could do a backflip
it keeps like trying to do a tuck right
now she's practicing right now it's
flexible so you know now we think she's
too hot she's young again I think that
was it and then she also wanted to eat
for the second time in 20 minutes so I
think she has too much energy to sleep
or play xbox so we might go take her on
a walk it might be too dark it's getting
dark we'll see okay what are our outfit
options for this walk I think we should
do yellow yellow I'll let you gesture
because I honestly do not know how to do
you're the best of dressing here because
you've done it a lot I have it you know
what the baby idea me y'all grab this
okay we're gonna look I'm vlogging in
holding a baby oh there you go
yeah there you go hopefully it does get
dark then we can teach you to not be
afraid of the dark
I've really slept in my mom's bed like
half of my childhood oh yeah we're ready
to go should we put like a fan like this
baby view whenever we have our kid like
a year or so we should definitely get
like a GoPro baby strap we would take
her right now right but she's a little
bit small like Rose my dog didn't like
it so I don't think she was she'd she'd
probably hate it I was get the babyface
team look at her she's gazing out at the
world she's she's figuring everything
else dude I wish I was a baby still
getting pushed around you have to do
nothing just sit there and smile yep
it's getting dark she's still gazing up
she's exploring and we're just we're
living up the experience I think I'm
more tired than this baby now what time
is it
it is 9:15 are you ready to go to bed so
I can go to bed
okay guys I think we did it we think
she's finally going to marry as you're
here and I thank you for letting us use
your title you're welcome yeah I'll see
you later any food thank you you guys be
careful we will and if you ever needed a
babysitter call someone else I'm kidding
that was fun
okay back to my actual baby the RA Big
Time Rush loud cars and short tunnel
I love okay I don't even have a custom
exhaust for this car in this out loud it
is that would wake up every baby on the
block if I could go that fast on the
block
don't worry rose we did not forget about
you there's my other baby gain my third
baby oh oh I am screw you hmm
you're not involved in this so yeah we
are going to go ahead and in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it and
by the way we're going to be going to
Table Rock Lake soon Saturday I think
Dylan and I are going I'm not sure about
anybody else Oh screw you
mmm he's my baby didn't you hear hear oh
so yeah we're going to play some more
zombies on the theater rooms big thingy
and then my TV but yeah I still hope you
guys enjoyed this video and thank you
guys so much for watching and don't
forget to leave like in terms of friends
if you enjoy subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in the next one hey
that's good night rose hey by the way
guys my new clickbait album is coming
out very very soon and for the physical
copy buyers you guys get a signed poster
like this one limited edition I got a
big box full and Sun and all of them
right now that's going to be my morning
I think there are some left so if you
guys want to check them out link will be
in the description it is her welcome
flash clickbait I think Luke will be in
the description but yeah see guys I'm
with Washington already said this and
roll the outro park
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe too far
