guys guys guys guys this right here is
Pirates of the Caribbean online this is
where Edgar makes steel Paco came from
okay so the actual game the original
game came out like ten years ago and
then it shut down four years ago and I
played it from 2007 to 2013 it was my
entire life that's that's why I named my
youtube channel this why changed it to
my actual name now but yeah so I emailed
one of the guys that's working on a
remake he actually gave me early access
to this game I don't know when the
actual games going to come out there's
actually two versions right now that are
like I don't even know anyway yeah I
thought I would just like play a little
bit over this morning take a break from
Minecraft just kidding I've been playing
a lot of zombies lately actually here we
go I'm going to create a pirate oh let's
load a good load okay volume up over in
the jail oh I forgot you're starting the
jail okay guys this literally this is
going to be me remembering all of the
memories like I remember Ravens Cove and
like Tortuga none of you guys know what
I'm talking about
we've seen the Pirates of the Caribbean
movies maybe you know I don't know but
this game was really cool if any of you
have played it you're probably saying
rolling with me right now and it takes
forever to load look at this I can make
my pirate I'm gonna make Edgar Murray
steal again yeah okay I made Edgar
that's as close as to him I can get it I
think that's what he looked like I don't
know it's been forever okay let's change
his name let's go find Edgar Edgar Mick
steel yes yes little do you know man
you're gonna have one of these one day
this is so awesome I'm going to
reminisce for a little bit since you
guys probably don't care and I'll take a
shower and we'll continue with the rest
of flog I'm just hyped right now oh my
god
you still oh look oh my gosh is it
working now yeah yeah I got to work oh
my god how many years is it like
four I'm so happy holy that's
awesome yeah okay guys I'm showered I
got a new shirt on I got your chips
alright you can have them I'm almost
finished the basket from my graduation
for my cousin's thank you guys again I
graduated have you got a diploma happy
graduation thank you have you seen my
diploma
you hang up no no yeah it's right here
should we hang it up right now I'm not
here here to read it it's funny this
certifies it Tanner Lane Branca this is
so fancy handwriting I can barely read
the words satisfactorily completed a
course of study prescribed for high
school graduation and is therefore
awarded this gold star
he doesn't satisfactorily means like you
participated like gym class ability to
look so yeah we should hang that up
somewhere I mean we just tape it open
about my toilet again like I don't care
but yeah that is the game I have been
waiting for to play since 2013 so for
four years four years play I game I
waited even though I forgot existed for
like two of those but still this is a
big deal to me and I played it kept
crashing and lagging so I'm not playing
anymore but it's kind of 6:00 in the
afternoon you guys got a comment down
below keep reminding me to not let that
game take over my life because then I'll
become a loser and quit making videos so
you'll turn into me so accordingly I
decided we're actually going to be doing
our weekly Q&A that we haven't done in a
few weeks so it's not weekly but it is
today so I tweet out on Twitter this is
a tweet on Twitter - Twitter followers
on Twitter that's me today and I asked
you guys yo hit me up with a questions I
want to answer you guys questions that
you might have so yeah we're going to
film his real quick you can do one two
and you'll see the idea tripod something
right here just subscribe coach McCarthy
on you in the description probably not
it's Tanner Brunner it's boyfriend just
yeah type that in about the backflip
onto the bean bag real quick off the
hoverboard I got to practice so I can do
it on flat ground someday hold on hey
you know what let's go let's let's get
out of this room for once I get addled
let's get down first or second row first
let me plug this in there's convenient
amount of outlets in here look at that
boom boom boom boom half the amount
what's going on guys it's your boy Engle
man here
I don't want this game anymore no he
always put his gum in my Pringles
actually be his gum in his Pringles by
meeting the Pringles look I'm gonna be
like an old dad yeah yeah in the
downtown I won't go how long have you
embarrassed been dating well since
January 11th 2006 17 that's the day
before my birthday really yeah happy
birthday to me how many Sooners did you
get at a Chicago meet-and-greet oh my
gosh some Pringles so many at that mean
green literally probably probably 15 to
20 and I shipped a lot of them back home
and my like rainbow pair of shoes guys
thought there should be coming back to
our house soon we mailed them back home
because we couldn't take them on the
plane what is your favorite kind of
pasta what what is your favorite kind of
pasta chicken alfredo I don't matter
that red stuff how come you don't go to
Taco Bell no more I do it just kind of
makes me sick sometimes even elem a
phrase that's really good though but I
just read too many of them I'd have it
every day if I miss much done that could
handle it who do you want to collab with
in the near future I want to collab with
that one too a channel it gets like a
million views like every second it's
like this kid opening toys and he gets
like a ridiculous amount of views on him
and now by my collab with a pen are you
gonna race tanner Fox well as soon as my
teleporting machine for 234 oh hey
Connor I don't know it's probably gonna
be like a little while road trip
yeah I'd actually be down to road trip I
just want to get my car customized first
you know so it's there he knows how to
drive a super car better than me he
basically taught me how to drive my on a
manual I don't even know how a long time
very good yeah so I have to practice you
know do you listen to hip-hop / rap
music question mark question mark if so
who's your favorite rapper question mark
smiley face I listen all kinds music I
listen to
80s rock Guns & Roses I listen to some
country Toby Keith Alan Jackson some
some Luke Bryan I listen to I listen to
rappers I listen to some Kendrick Lamar
I listen to logic I love logic actually
is probably my favorite rapper
I'm in a year I'm bollard balance doing
it I've been listen to him since he was
on swaggy tracks because you showed me
I've heard of him but quite naturally
so yeah yeah I said here's logic and
then he said hey Tanner on logic and
then they were friends I don't like that
happen I don't listen to opera that's
weird
we were a fish what type of fish would
you be I was going to do a bathtub here
box opening with real fish and like have
them float around but my brother told me
a lot of people get mad at that just
like how people got mad at myself for
posting a picture of myself on Twitter
that someone photoshopped me black so he
said here's what I look like if I was
black and everyone was like a racist you
put a funny picture up on the internet
what you'd look like a different skin
pigment oh my god you got a tan it's
racist well I like my textures Quintin
when should we do it however whatever
you do is over done right so here's the
thing there might be some not
family-friendly content in there not
like not only really bad stuff but just
stuff I don't know if I put in the video
so I have to leave out a lot of really
funny stuff so I guess we'd have to wait
till more funny stuff pops up I don't
know later three day I need to stop by
and get my chin
oh you're reading our text okay three
exclamation mark specific there's a
little teaser
can you FaceTime me here's his email IMG
ie10 to stay hungry yeah what was your
first camera ever shown it in a video
before you have there's a little black
one yet that racist yeah I was a little
black camera and it was I don't even
know I could take flash pictures and it
could take really bad videos what do you
do off camera what do I do off camera
well but I'm not recording I'm with my
girlfriend with my boyfriend playing
xbox just driving music sitting sitting
yeah sometimes I said while I film
sometimes I sit down I just want a
normal Kansas life sometimes I go on the
big green tractor we can go slower we
can go know the Candice was voted the
ugliest state really I can see that hold
up dude look at it I'm going to found
another outlet way up there in the
corner I'm going to design this movie I
know wherever they're at if their phones
at 1% it got through the torture okay we
have time for one more question in this
weekly Q&A do you realize in minecraft
like a few years old now and how did you
just now catch
I played minecraft way back 2012 2011
maybe played in your basement on iPhone
4 I know and our iPad you know I wasn't
sure what I'm going to do for the rest
of video I'm going to go to my dad's
house I'm going to show you guys my
Minecraft world at my dad please don't
click off I'll make it interesting
somehow but yeah i'll show you how ham i
see you on minecraft i'll show you our
world and you can stop making fun of me
who said that who said that there we go
Bryan Melanie well I was gonna prove
Bryan wrong to my old room of my dad's
house
I need to borrow your xbox I got to
prove this kid named Brian wrong he was
mean on Twitter so my brother and my
sister and I used to play this game like
all day every day so my sister made this
we made a giant Olaf we made cookie
monster we made foreveralone nyan cat we
made Mickey Mouse I think he's peeing
we made all the Spongebob characters
because we were in love with Sponge Bob
kill em that's best show ever
we made Adventure Time we made these
giant ships we made cannons on them okay
I don't want to hear we didn't play
minecraft we played Minecraft all day
and dad can vouch for me because we
argued about who to play and I used to
watch Taylor and she'd build really slow
and I wanted to rip my hair out and then
we made a patchwork with nipples ago
yeah and that's it hi guys well there
you have it just left my dad's house we
had a nice little chat was fun I still
go over there sometimes it's just I'm
the busiest teenager in the world so
yeah I'm going to go home and not be
busy I'm gonna play some prior to the
Caribbean online yeah I'm going to go
ahead and in this video here and I hope
you guys enjoy the mpi so much for
watching and don't forgive you I can't
render you enjoyed subscribe be new and
I'll see you guys in the next one paper
I shouldn't do this on driving emo
my thought you came and looking like
that you're just maybe just fun
