why why hi my microphone is not in right
now so this probably sounds bad and I
have the same shirt on I did my video
I'll go change soon I promise but what
is going on guys today we are back in
today we keep getting boxes from victory
packaging something there from Kansas I
don't know if they just want to be
generous I mean I think we might be
doing merch out of our house soon so
thank you I guess
yeah I'm taking a quick picture with my
mom I got to take a new youtube profile
picture I'm wearing his jacket yeah and
then we're going to go up on the balcony
so we'll see you guys in a little bit
okay guys we are back downstairs real
quick I got to show you guys the
pictures I took for the new profile
picture and the banner they are pretty
sweet there's me hanging on the balcony
and then boom me and my dad goes those
pictures were edited by Michael ste on
Instagram you guys know him I've taking
pictures with him before he lives in
California he's probably one of the best
photographers I know and he's really
good at editing so of course I went to
him so if he has done following me she
go follow him and yeah I'm kind of just
hanging out and chilling waiting for
Dylan to get back I think it's just
Dylan maybe Quinn's coming but I've had
an idea for a while now I want to do an
overnight challenge on the pool on like
floaties or air mattresses whatever it
is I'm pretty sure everybody's wanted to
do this I've actually done this before
for like a picture and it was really fun
so I was like why not just do it you
know all night we've got a lot of
floaties and fan mail and stuff so it's
time we're going to make it happen today
mil indicial how you doin guess what
don't rip another cool pool game no guys
I left my video that I posted yesterday
on unlisted for three hours after I
posted it which means only people with a
link can see it so only people that
followed me on Twitter could watch the
video that's why it never hit sub boxes
so if you didn't see the video yesterday
you can go off to now but yeah I just
thought I'd let you know
oh yeah Dylan Terry's going to finish it
as Mike Ronald's real quick and we're
going to go start the challenge hi Paris
do you want to show me a new swimsuit
yeah okay looks great you like naked
would your father approve of this yeah
well your daddy wouldn't I'm getting
that I don't that's weird so I with
Walmart and I got this it is a full side
air mattress that's for us haha and then
you can sit on your twins and watch kids
we're going to blow these up here we'll
bring them outside and I just thought we
blow it up on here because I never film
in the downstairs living room or any
room besides my room this one's small
oh we have to have a pizza Oh peaches
ugly-looking why is my ready careful her
teeth they're green thanks mom you
always have our back when we don't know
how to do stuff this is so good I know I
didn't have the right batteries okay
never get an arrow or the topic oh they
have a new interest it's the poop so
pizza one is taking forever the green
ugly tea stuff we're not going to be
here till nine o'clock sadly it's like
five now so a long long time so he's not
really doing the challenge and I
couldn't win does not want to
participate he's actually just kind of
chilling a wall there for a while no he
wants to do this on the pool cover what
type of pool is open what time is right
now Taylor I need confirmation that
we're doing what we decide I'm not going
to get up with I'm not doing this 24
hours we're doing it over night you know
was there yeah yeah 24 hours that's too
long and boring okay okay so take off
your clothes swimming you can from my
shorts down third since I might get
bored later I'm gonna keep this just
just in case right there we also got
blanket right you getting in first which
one do you want Green Green what are you
told yeah I think this one's honestly
too small even you get the belly flop
onto that from there just gonna get
media water on there no you're not
ah Duggar go go go go yeah dang it let's
go see if I have any other big air
mattresses because that one's soaked now
so I go to get a new air mattress and
look what I find him doing
Yee dude why you just lost the challenge
it is dude 24-hour haunted challenges we
would probably die so yeah what's good
you get sit on the green one here I knew
that but like it thank you I'm cold I'm
not bad the water is actually pretty
nice is cooler than the water really
cold you gonna freakin trick
my characters not flat oh okay I'm not
wet guys this is going to be easy for me
how are you going to add it Henry my
computer good yeah I'm going to toss it
thank you
please do not if you're going under just
throw it up okay let's please take this
and remember actually going use it thank
you yep actually so funny comfy though
if you guys have a pool and air mattress
or have access either go do this Hey
push him down with the water get this
head yeah all remember whenever we went
on the lake or that coordinate I know
that was me you couldn't play you see it
differently to do this sort of question
to the defense looking backwards
I'll back with honors and land back on a
stick like that ready yeah you got it
he's so captivated it is really warm in
here yes yeah when you get out breathing
this out to go hold cold day better get
out what want to get out oh go go go
yeah if I doing off the hoverboard it
moves whenever you go up little
encouragement you got it one more time
sir I'll push off then I'll do it got it
dude
run on your head I felt that hey you
lose the challenge loser Kara think
you're the only one who's gonna win yeah
I might not say overnight it's tough but
I will for you guys is my neck heels
okay I already think a hot air brake
that counts is the pool yeah that's the
other room of the pool through the blood
room I mean what's just putting air
mattress on it call go get the poop
emoji ah yeah that's way better
oh I forgot where were these pink ones
inside just don't okay where's the guy
to break we sing I love it now it's
currently 9 o'clock it's already
starting to get dark but my hair looks
like Guy Fieri's oh gosh here you're bad
at lighting couldn't - go - ok guys it
is 1055 right now apparently it's
literally about to rain it's like
sprinkling I'm not going to lie we did
sit in the hot tub and then we went I
are so I'm yeah we definitely both your
challenge who cares we're still out here
we're going we're staying the night I
don't care the pool is warm we might go
to the hot tub again I'm with my mother
in the hot tub ok we'll do that a second
but yeah we're on the green one together
uh no blanket anymore
I'm holding my camera and I'm actually
pretty scared like the waters right
there cleaner I'm pretty good guy fine
fine go just get off flow so I don't
drop my camera I had a dream that I like
tried to record a clip underwater with
this camera drop it okay I'm not go
cuckoo clock letters yeah all I have is
my phone for entertainment I had dealt
with my MacBook backhand side yeah
speaking of Dylan I don't even know
where he is right now I think he left
yeah I'm quitting discus - I mean he
said he's gonna be here he's not here
you're both horrible friends oh god my
arm hurts um since I gave up my camera
oh it's all better yeah you can see the
ring can you see it well yeah yeah you
can see it is frickin raining I think
that yeah like okay yeah all I have is
my phone it is at 11% haha
we'll just watch some Netflix listen to
some music we're having fun though right
yeah guys we're back in the pool oh my
gosh gosh gosh gosh okay it's been like
maybe 30 45 minutes we'll listen to
Miley Cyrus's new song Malibu is
actually really good apparently she's
normal again so that's good look at that
she's hot again I mean no she's not Hey
oh yeah and also my camera's freaking
microphone battery is on red I'm gonna
have to get out my have to go down to my
room I have to get new batteries so yeah
that kind of sucks
I guess we're breaking the rules I don't
know all right guys it is well I don't
know what time it is it's dark my
phone's dead I'm in my blanket and I
guess I'm just gonna go to sleep I don't
know I might just chill here for a
little bit
my parents even though they can't see
you hi okay guys it is morning now Oh
everything is dry I mean this is
basically warm a little bit cold where I
slept yeah it stopped raining right
after I started sprinkling oh you'd only
sprinkle for a little bit I went and got
a new battery for my microphone my phone
died and I just said it over there so
yeah I got really really bored and then
I just you know laid down on here got in
my blanket and just eventually fell
asleep and I bet you're wondering
where's Paris the thing is I don't know
either she hasn't taken her test to
drive yes I don't think she left
I thought she fell asleep out here with
me but apparently not I bet she's inside
probably in my bedroom my beanbag I'll
going in a second but yeah this is
probably one of the most fun challenges
I've done I mean after it warmed up it's
just fun to like float around on this
it's like bringing back my water bed now
some of you guys might know I used to
have a waterbed and then I got popped at
the meet up there's a guy over there
walking my neighbor's been getting
construction done on their house forever
that's actually what woke me out was
them banging on stuff yeah I have no
idea what time it is like I said my
phone's dead so yeah let's go inside
oh no oh oh here's Luna hi Luna help
okay very slowly why didn't you want to
sleep with me on your last night I tried
to get you on and then you just ran away
you failed the challenge too though wake
up wake up hey guess what what you
cheated you came inside last night and
you left me you were there when I went
to my senses right
okay I'm sorry hon let me get on an
actual life so how was it sleeping in
the taco bed while I shout out there I
bet it was well guys I hope you enjoyed
this video I mean I don't really know if
it counts I fell asleep on an air
mattress on the water that's all that
matters right and I tend to do some flus
I land on my head and that was fun too
so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and thank you so much for watching
you're definitely sleeping outside the
Monon
Oh leave a comment down below of
whatever challenges you guys want to see
you like fun stuff we could like do a
tint on air masters like build a raft
and then a TV in it and like place of
Guitar Hero that actually be a lot of
work and very scary I don't know about
that don't forget leave like and share
especially enjoyed subscribing and I'll
see you guys the next one ah hey what my
site you came in looking like that you
just made
