let's make sure this thing's on alright
we're good what is your my guys today we
were back in today well as a lot of you
guys probably know I've taken like the
last three or four days off YouTube
didn't go on Twitter snapchat Instagram
any of that I just basically set my
phone down and yeah I like stayed off
social media I just did not want to deal
with anything I just want to take a
little break and a lot of people asking
you know where are you what are you
doing well I've been right here just
like this
yeah I've given myself my first break
off YouTube in like almost a year
last time I missed one day of uploading
was like four and a half months ago and
before that was like six months ago and
then before that was like you know a
long time so basically in the last year
I've missed you know a handful of days
which can be stressful I'm not going to
lie and like after going to Chicago
found out skyzone by the way for letting
us use their facility here's a little
bit of footage from that
it'll be ready there'll be multiple
winners shout out to marques and my body
guys this whole time I already know
that's what we got to do for my man and
that was my ugly shirt shout out to
Harry V on YouTube for the sick kick so
yeah if you guys didn't know I went to
Chicago for another meet-and-greet but
the thing is we flew out that morning
and then we got there like we only spent
like a day in Chicago we got there like
2:00 then we went and drove an hour to
the place then we stayed there for like
seven hours and here's the thing like I
love you guys so much I love that you
guys watch my videos I love interacting
with you guys you guys are literally the
whole entire reason I am where I am I
wouldn't be anywhere without you guys I
say thank you all the time because I
desperately mean it and I don't know how
many of you guys know this but I have
really really bad social anxiety and
just anxiety in general I'm so worried
every time I meet one of you guys that
you guys aren't going to leave with a
smile on your face and that like you
expected something different and I'm not
enough like I've met youtubers I used to
idolize and then I just like wow you're
an asshole I just don't want that to be
the case for like you and I so for those
seven hours or whatever it is I'm
constantly like sitting there freaking
out standing up taking pictures smiling
as hard as I can
my mouths about to fall off and as much
as I want to do it for you guys I
literally just like I can't do it so I
don't know I don't know how to say
without sounding like a little whiny
baby and a lot of other youtubers I've
talked to agree with me I just don't
think I'm going to be doing that many
more meet and greets maybe my brain just
needs to get older so I can like handle
it better I don't know but for now I'm
just going to chill and being a youtuber
you wake up and you film every single
day you think what's going to get you
the most views what's going to grow your
channel and I realize all of that just
builds up inside my head and just makes
me want to just rip all my hair out I
needed a break desperately from YouTube
so I took one I needed a break from
everything and from now on if I don't
want to work seven days a week every
week for the rest of my fricking life
I'm going to take a day off three or
four days ago I tweeted I'm going to be
taking a break from social media and
just I read some of the tweets back at
me and so many of you guys were like you
know take all the time you need it's
alright we love you and just so much
support so thank you so much for that
yeah I just want to tell you guys that
and I know you guys are probably
wondering what all has happened in those
four days I didn't upload well let me
show you first thing I went shopping
with Paris and I picked out one of my
favorite shirts this one's my new fave
it's just so bright and colorful and
soft and I also got this really cool
watch it actually looks pretty cool it's
like almost rose gold I don't know how
much I'll wear it but yeah and I also
got this in the mail my brother told me
what it is so I'm pretty sure but take
it gasp
yo this thing is fancy ah boom West
River Academy apparently that's where I
went to school oh my gosh dude this
thing is legit I wasn't even sure my
school was legit but yeah I don't know
what a normal diploma says but this one
says Denver Colorado oh I thought it was
in LA I thought I took this out of
California I don't know if an airline
Braungart that's my middle name for
those of you that didn't know and hey
they spelled my last name right as
satisfactorily completed a course of
study prescribed for high school
graduation and is therefore awarded this
diploma awarded this 15th day of May
2017 well thank you West River Academy
for hooking me up with this I probably
don't deserve it but then again a lot of
people graduate high school so I don't
know what the big deal is I mean you
just show up for class cheat on your
homework and that's it
don't cheat actually I'm really sad
though I thought this was going to be
bigger and like not in a booklet I was
going to hang it up with a piece of
scotch tape above my toilet dang it oh
and while I was sitting here on this big
beanbag for four days I made something
really cool you guys aren't ready for
this since I wanted to do something
relaxing this was the perfect option oh
yeah
Paris and I played a lot of Minecraft
that's Paris's house it's not that cool
it's literally just that okay now check
out my house boom check that out this
cooked me forever I can give a full
house tour but I'm just I'm not going to
do that I'd like this video and I'll
make a minecraft gaming channel I'm just
kidding but yeah minecraft is pretty fun
I don't care what you say oh god I just
broke my controller oh why did I do that
oh one more thing I got these cat
slippers doodie he's flipping off
everybody it's so funny and the pink so
hey so I'll do a normal video tomorrow
but for now that is basically it for
today's video and to hear so much for
watching again thank you guys so much
for all the support and I will see you
guys in tomorrow's video don't you leave
like insurance friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to you and I'll see you guys
in the next one
let's do it a watch oh yeah yeah
 you came and looking like that you
just maybe
