hi what is going on guys today we were
back in today I brought Paris McDonald's
because I got bored
Hanna Fox is asleep of my house the plan
was I was going to take her to school my
heart ate but then I realized how am I
going to get it down her road so I took
my truck I'm taking me to school much
out I think kids will be more surprised
by the country lobia country boy mobile
guys I dream my side that Quinton and I
we're in a school bus and we ramped it
and got like between two rocks and
we were like standing on it and then it
slipped and fell but we stayed on the
rocks we didn't die and went down a big
waterfall and then I had an English
final I didn't study for and I was
really scared but then I woke up and I
realized I'm a graduate because it
have a fun wonderful day wish for
Michael to go away good morning hey hey
dude I saw your snapchat me talking in
my sleep what you're having a
conversation with me while I was asleep
so what'd you do so this was not stabbed
with glee
Quinton so many packages for just two of
us what are the only guys today we were
back in today first thing and the most
important thing the windows open for
once I know I've seen a lot of comments
that are like open your window what's
that sighs there's a tree out front I uh
so chances are you clicked on the field
you didn't want to kid of saying it's
not a window open exactly it looks like
it's a little cute exposed to even see
the window yeah so sorry but there's a
tree outside I promise anyway yeah today
we went to Walmart we set for like an
hour and a half of them to bring all
these blocks out it was horrible there's
kind of awkward to just get kicked out
of yesterday and then guys take this out
with like laughing with us this time an
Afghani what you channel anyway yeah
today Tara Fox is joining me the bathtub
as yet no he's in my new blog this is
the last video snowing with you Oh
Kenneth squared open family we have
about 10,000 Legos we sat and waited for
there's even more on the ground and
other bags yes exactly
we're going to go ahead redevelopment of
this bath I think this is going to be my
first ever full bathroom obviously going
to be full word and we're not going to
add any water none of that and I'm going
to use my clickbait 9 p.m.
ah what way we're going to be putting
these on the trampoline after this for
his video don't know why I agreed to
that hurt man
I never played with Legos as a kid I
never actually hurt that Oh God little
rock by the way we're going to be
donating all these after because I don't
think either of us to go play with them
anymore I want to too bad
the most painful part of this will be
moving them to trampolines last one you
want to do it your little ant the access
ants in the bathtub guys it's so spiky
spicy grow my butt cheeks try to hurt
already keep you honest to do ha not you
dick yo I mean are we actually going to
be able to get tired enough well you're
box out little buck I'm starting off
small from David hard hard from a MK
create all rows plugging motive is right
here right now head is good with Pedro
still up Rosa dear brother consequence
kilo look buy this and then you say
system IV whatever oh yeah it's going on
the wall if you guys don't know we will
go on our basement now where we hang
hold plaques that are made on like you
know a canvas or wood something's
besides paper because they risk so yeah
since the only time you guys want to be
on the wall we're definitely going to
keep it all more there's more
really another one another one another
one in a thinner brush Easter ran out
room atole when we get into this little
box oh boy this candy yeah okay
Tanner mill and mill Mitchell ha ha
Taylor and mrs. Braun dark and then
coincidences foreign candy I can tell
thanks David for my dinner
hi this one's from Tallinn Kretz and
Tyson drinks Brian around oh my god
what there's so much bubble gum in here
tonight oh oh I want to grow an entire
thing can you see it can you see it and
whatever this is a blue ball road let's
tilt buggy all the game you want for
boot I do and princess tooth brother
Quinton and the sauerkraut kid then you
all just pop you dough to the bottom
thank you so much
another plaque this is pure art this is
modern armies well I love that that's a
sculpture wait what thank you I just
want cause of trial resistant it comes
in Nike shoe box
mercy oven and you know it's cars rather
than me under Lamborghini just like it
but we say you so much good stop it I'm
going to open my tagging pointer there
can you lose
Azari thank you whoever did this because
there was no name but thank you for the
light again thank you protocol stuff who
sent me this thing will make fart noises
oh my god I know so many later eat you
shelter while you're legless yeah freaky
it's lit up here this is from Nate
Barnard this is for a pattern Morris
inside we have a parachute oh it's one
of those bags you like Eric for the wind
do it bring them out on when you do that
and it's like you can sit on the way
yeah I want to put one on my cool thank
you for the big full count I paid you
for the Corvette you know it's not hard
for bit this is coming up this is not
same thing I don't know but it's not a
Corvette bro Oh with ok it's just a
knockoff Corvette I know more about cars
tell me this looks like a freaking
Corvette you kidding but I bet - in the
front so yeah do you do that I just one
drop
thank you for that I think you pulled
this off your car jack it up mr. sprong
Tyler Schmidt this one is from amazing
orient yeah
all right that would be the actual game
will cry oh okay
this is a this is not a car here lock
this target lot but this is for their
course 360 it is a heart here Qatar the
red one I have the red one yes think you
got to have like tan I have why I'm that
the warm / you want that so legit
maybe thank you like Guitar Hero Bacardi
because you like guitar there's a piece
what else can I say that's the way
Barbara yeah look at that the whammy bar
works there alone let me display good
song and that's all this in the box that
letter real quick I can on my name is
Nathan Oregon Keith Orianthi I think oh
yeah I said no way one of us said in
October years old and I like watching
your videos I started watching videos
and got inspired to do flip so I became
a flipper and learner back both and a
prompt reply after watching your videos
I hope you like this gift I gave you and
please don't destroy the kennedys to be
my favorite guitar hero controller for
why would I destroy it come on our hero
legend everyone I'm not going to draw it
in stupid it didn't work this one anion
destroyer it is fully functional and
please go subscribe my youtube channel
it is Nathan
Orr amti a black you nation this comes
from fancy lighting if we open this one
last Carta to earlier budget bro
that's for my bed yeah I think it's from
I bit a twin side all this key size
it'll go in the guest room in the guest
room yeah ankle that's perfect thank you
so much and you do that's it like
rainbow Americans like it if the crazy
American flag they sent me a bleach
let's no big leaves thank you and then
emotional
they're glad you guys understand how I
actually painted again just like our but
not also mean that label skirts actually
hurt them actually who's this one is for
dilly and it is from Jordan for since
that please do not dab Quincy and they
put pictures freaking out pictures of
satin boxes a pop and that's the next
level
these people are from Cinco Vania the
city they live in it back in 88 back
back back
rid of that bastard okay so I'm not
kidding we're cutting about we're
halfway in the back and we this person's
name is on your cell phone inside the
box so biggest good bass soccer ball
I've ever gotten
oh my god it's beautiful insane this is
off yet good well that's a good suit and
it is a queue in could be a deep in
QuickBase and they sent IC include bass
thank you
yummy worms many eggs those are so good
it's more bubble girl neck yeah that's
going to stack more candy Sartorius will
your college get looked up I know right
and they're the most blow dogs ever
intimal black bro thank you hey you're
amazing it urine is dominated cells
you're wrong but you're amazing because
you don't care about angeles ford pickup
this is going right next to the Lambo
dude someone photoshopped taylor taylor
and quit
thank you for replacing me with a piece
of it did not give you a lens no this
one yeah top rock creatures - exciti
oh look brother gonna click and they
faint when iPhone 7
really everything to here is probably
nice and a couple new do know is going
to be sick that's a real life all your
open has a laminate on it's kind of a
fake Chinese one yeah it feels super
fake it looks playful almost Iran is it
broken
no it's like light so yeah it's so light
you look at the back can be real life /
- thanks
yeah but still fit all this stuff from
Li si your name right there yeah 425 a
second Thank You Ella for the UH for
everything this one comes from Alexander
Soraka the left boss
yeah look you get ten mil hey I'm with
this airborne that never runs out of
juice
all right that's it thank you a favor
that's what guys hope we got caught in
under this for the something to show you
did it look badass all right it feels
ready okay guys we're gonna go ahead and
in this pure box opening here most
painful one by far I was actually sucked
like I thought I literally thought it
was a mean that leg was hurt please
leave a like for my lucky you just song
you're gonna murder
I don't forget subscribe to standards
link will be in the screen or into a
video on this channel with these so the
ethicist I was watching don't we leave
like insurance country enjoy subscribe
the noodle
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made me
