uh yeah I don't think that's where it
should be it thanks rose I'll get the
mirror angles but right here oh yeah we
got rid of them just uh work maybe there
comes ten or fox high-dive
from us great a one handy guys from the
top turnbuckle away that's WB I'm gonna
do a good morning cast away and then
we'll head to you know where he'll be na
na if you guys watched yesterday's vlog
you guys know that Tanner basically
taught me how to drive my car in manual
and also we figured out if you put it in
sports mode it's way louder and it's
just way more fun we're about to head to
IHOP he's got to experience I hop in my
territory
now I get to stare out the window and
watch this the whole time because I'm
scared Quentin just got his a tire
stabbed yesterday while he was working
out in that can pick them up people here
great let me tell you I guess the canvas
there we go
the one time I take Tanner here they
take forever I'm so sorry
definitely with it all of them yeah we
went to all Gordon last night we were
stuck for like an hour it sucks and I've
never seen anybody get that
I thought you was in Kansas yeah thank
you clear here look at that now there's
two people in here with a big camera I'm
not going alone all right guys we got to
move all this onto that one because
something special is going down oh hey
yeah yeah oh through the boom you're
getting it down ready for that Cody
morning kinda still hot so that's a mock
up and then the next day the next day
the next day and the next day and the
next day now - your stomach - Oh Cody
I'll do this in the crock I do double
front flip
chicka-boom now another bailout you'll
we must kind of Jack our stuff over here
bro Oh get out of here Quinn is here to
join in the filming process we can't do
this alone
oh Jesus you just catch that while it
was fitting yeah boy watch ah I've never
done that
Wow so yeah I have three gigantic
six-foot water balloons I think and yeah
I've got green I've got purple or blue
or black that is and I got red we tried
this before on the trampoline back when
I was trying to be creative haha a
six-foot water balloon on a trampoline
doing it again I don't want to waste our
dollars alright guys well it already pop
the water wasn't even funny he's losing
his pond from being moved that a little
bit
and there's a balloon setting in the
freaking tree over there because I
chucked in there cuz I'm pissed right
now and it pops it failed miserably but
this time I three hopefully one of them
works we're just going to go outside
fill it up with a hose try to crawl
inside of it and we're going to put it
on the Goliath so you know it won't
break and I needed to stretch out the
Goliath trampoline anyway because it's
super tight and it's got to be loose for
the Meetup so yeah that's a plan Stan
and I still have this giant red thing we
just showed Tanner Fox the hard drive
was too pretty how'd you like it
Oh bro can't wait till 2018 when we can
release it guys I didn't know we're know
starting like 2018 should I start
showing like one clip a day like your
road they probably can't really I'll
start off easy bro I can hardly handle
alright let's go back to balloons out
this is going to require two hose and
then this garden hose haha you're one of
the hose yeah I wish I was as funny as I
used to be so I insert the 911 jokes
they used to make probably not ok cool
reaches now sweet Rose is about ready to
get a shower this is the same color the
one that did not work life on them I'm
kind of scared turn it on I've seen
people do this before but not recently
so I forgot how they did it the goal is
to make it better than the wubble bubble
and hopefully I won't almost die like
that this is going to take a while look
it's not even that big right now I'm
supposed to get inside of this I don't
know if it's going to work you might end
up with another fail thing got to get
six-foot that's what it said on Amazon
for the $30.00 I spent on this new
little video so yeah $30 each
I remember whenever it broke the first
time I was so excited I spent $30 I was
so pissed I'll still be pissed yeah I
can hear the action saying Clinton's gay
this looks like the condom when we told
it the condom really big in the bathtub
I feel like I should be letting some air
out as I go why I don't know I'm not a
water balloon professional I'm just a
condom professional I can taste the
ocean I never do it I don't know if
that's latex just like the condom if you
guys actually once he tricks on this big
trampoline I'll probably go to
yesterday's video because there's this
big thing on you know are you so
saluting yeah take it my underwear I
don't wanna get these way I really like
these you know okay I got it I said I
look naked today Wow
Hannah this is actually getting big I'm
so honey we're gonna get like five
diseases right okay we did six meetings
like diameter or diameter or
circumference knows to come really well
if you take the radius times the
diameter divided by that hole then
that's an area is circumference or is
the diamond it sounds like the thumb
field is really where you tubers knots
caiaphas to think of my shirt to I think
last time like Dylan C really had a
knife and poked it was i0 so modeling oh
they soon we're going eight minutes
strong guys we're going to be wasting a
lot of water if this fails before I get
inside look you can draw on this come
here come here
give her a pose you know ready okay
don't move too much surfers like we
should be filling it up with you in it
yeah maybe so I try to like stick my
feet in right now this can be so cold if
it works so cold can you getting in your
my leg here as I hurt too bad okay I'm
gonna hold on to my boyfriend oh ow ow
Oh how do their good yo isn't happening
both this bro saw that we needed for the
blue slow mo guys do this and they said
how much it hurts our mouths clean oh
you're gonna be breezy yeah yeah I gotta
pull it above your legs as he doesn't
yeah dude the mic wasn't on this whole
time
no shut up I swear you're lying all
around your lady not have the world's
smallest legs I still can barely sit
like I don't know if I will be able to
shoes take the hose out for now still
gets harder with those ah why don't we
have like some Vaseline or something
my god what are this I can't move you
Paul bruh no bullets on the back up open
the front foot a lot I isn't give me a
half or so full oh my god this is
happening bro it's so cold it's so cold
like I'm giving you a big ledge thank
you you look like a blob I feel like a
mermaid that way I got to get all the
way to my neck I have to and then we'll
add more water why not what we do more
water now and resect the top out oh wow
ah just gave me a freaking like when
people put on your underwear and then
let it go
we're up here kitty yeah right open up
come on in oh I got it ha ha ha Dinah's
what yeah her little toes it's like a
baby like a baby oh my god I feel like
it's a mate Oh got it so bad ha
how does not pop yet again you're
vulnerable I feel like one of the people
in America's Got Talent been doing it
with the house okay how do I get my
heart I gotta do it I got it just like
putting on a really heavy shirt Oh more
water
Oh get the hose no the water is yeah
definitely is my camp always a worse
first row yeah
then we get a flip on do it after I get
out just like it out I don't die in here
I'm getting flashbacks to the waterbed
guys we're getting close to the top
somebody give me a high-five
thank you hi guys I think we're about 6
feet hey hearts it's just so big yeah
you're just like a bubble so I take this
out keep in mind Tanner's not a small
kid no I'm 5/8 bro I'm huge how do you
expect to get out I don't know Oh
the fans are emerging you think a spider
come out of the little egg Zack if I can
get one arming you know I think no no
not yet ha ha stop it there okay we got
three Harbhajan yeah okay now please
don't take my underwear with you those
no way ah okay how do we tie this off so
we can do some jumps onto it stratified
how did you wait hold up how'd you get
out
I don't know I spit up it was really
impressive Tanner get duct tape but yeah
we can't tie it might work guys maybe
that's kind of dry too
it's gonna have like a little thick huh
I can't forget that first job I wanna go
away
well either way ken will have first jump
oh yeah
doesn't work I'm strapping knives in my
feet dude I don't even know can I jump
tonight still far away 30 new one oh god
oh god guys look at that is that right
where you landed in a big hole oh I can
get back in here suckers well guys I
figured we'd go through like three
balloons do this right yes not for the
first time it's ever happened first try
it out oh well guys here don't lose my
duct tape please oh thank you we're
gonna go ahead and in the video they're
covering this stuff again well I hope
you guys enjoyed it it actually worked
so please leave would like I spent
another $30 on my balloon first time I
did it pop I was out 30 dollars are you
still out there he goes sure we're going
to film another one of these videos for
Taylor's channel so don't forget to
check out his channel link will be in
the description and yeah I think you so
much for watching this video and don't
we leave like in Trenton's we enjoyed
subscribing you and I'll see you guys
the next one hey bro na my fault
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe just fun
