come on if you love me come here that's
right what did you all my guys today we
were back in today I'm about to go get a
special person from the airport oh yeah
anyway today's Tanner Foxx told me hey
I'm gonna grab a flight to Kansas so I
was like alright so I guess he's coming
over my phone on okay good this has no
preparation at all so we're kind of just
winging it so yeah he's about to text me
whenever he lands and then I'll go pick
him up in the RA what other way are we
going to do it come on and I swear my
lens is so dirty how do I clean it I
don't know it won't get clean I was
thinking about bringing rose but
definitely not Inari I just got it clean
the dealership always cleans it way
better than like any car wash so from
now on I was going to take it there and
you guys had me on snapchat you would
have seen the cool lounge area they have
you need to like see them work on cars
they have a snack bar it's just it's
cool oh guys be good while I'm gone and
quit living this on the ground it's
going to go through my foot sometimes I
to the airport
safety first
well I made that stick edit for nothing
because this flight doesn't land for
another hour he got delayed I thought I
came in at 4:30 it is 4:30 now so I'm
going to go find something eat again
okay I think I just saw his plane land
I'm heading back to the airport
I'm excited there's no sign of a fox
anywhere besides those ladies dang
kidding kidding
tears don't hurt me dude everyone thinks
you're so weird we yeah you can put in
the Sun give me a sec I got a little
handle there you go oh this little thing
fell off I'm not affected but rhodonite
I was hoping you didn't have a big
suitcase I'd have been a problem you
ready to see the house for the first
time oh my god
traffic's dish is bad getting home we're
almost there probably 5 or 10 minutes
away and probably we already know where
we're gonna get your dinner
all right over there yes yes it's
already going to happen that's the warm
my microphone was off that whole time oh
why oh all right well he jumped off the
phone pit I'll just like cut everything
else out all right he's gonna catch my
camera hopefully this microphone breaks
in the process because I hate it is my
karma good yeah everything's good ruff
hey friends this is my camera
this is Tanner's camera I wrote it yeah
oh it was exciting this is live action
Oh house cooler than you I'll teach you
some real cool stuff yeah you were I
can't Cody on trampoline no a little bit
first authority busy how easily I can
get I can set up for ya while we got
some light we'll head out to the
trampoline foo it's hot just like
yesterday that round trampoline has some
glass left in it I think it still has
some some glow sticks
apparently there's glass and glow sticks
yeah
let's do the back foot this one's like
you Cody ah it's really hard yeah I can
it's like two big guys look we can do
but it can't do it Cody
he only do the back full 360 to stomach
and then kaboom but it can't Cody
I can't code you can I like yeah this
trampolines not the one for Cody before
see you at the end of everything you can
so when you set up you have everything
you just got to commit that's the big
thing so I will get pads out here and
throw them if you want it cool down in
the morning yeah mornings the best time
for flips yeah okay tomorrow we're going
to try to tan our Cody then this is a
movie room in there I've watched one
movie in there total and this is where I
hang out let's just call tanner and
here's a bunch of food I got from my
online school graduation do anything
these are mine all right so ignore the
thing I just tried to pop holy crap Eric
so bad it won't go away I heard so bad
might be a pimple I don't know what it
is uh but we're about to go a ride in
the all right it's only fair that he
drives it because I drove so he's gonna
drive it's going to be on his channel if
you guys gonna check it out it's just
Tanner Fox easier last name than me it's
just fo x but leave the link in the
description I'll try to remember
I always forget Quinton's but I'll try
to remember yours you'll be here to
remind me Cohen usually leaves at night
so I'll see you guys might never get
back we're going to go back to the
trampoline and this is going to be a
trampoline with Tanner vlog because that
is the legendary first vlog I ever made
with you so play with Tanner Tanner
squared okay we are back Tanner just
taught me how to drive my own car in
manual I didn't
how we're about to on the trampoline I
have an idea you guys know the Goliath
it's really big it's right next to the
rectangle trampoline we're going to get
some soft stuff some pillows probably
not foam I don't think that worked very
well they're not that soft anyway we're
going to put them on there we're gonna
flip from the rectangle to the go I see
some fun checks for guitar we have like
two hours maybe we're going to have to
sign Brown I just draw his car
you like it I want a herecan American
car yeah yeah we're just going to grab
pillows out of my foam pit we're going
to grab some blankets use the matches
that my dog is apparently chewed up and
stick them on the Goliath my first time
ever doing this yeah never brought all
these out we got every pillow out of the
foam pit really giant caterpillars to
hopefully keep the pillows from flying
off into a Linette well it's trampolines
big anyway so
oh yeah all right who's going first
I'll be to you I do think a simple front
first force it all there comes off the
shirt you're going so high oh my gosh
hit the gabbro Boyd God gee I don't know
what you want to do like I'm more
impressive than that do a double front
flip
do you know I probably can I will you
got it little bit about yeah hold it a
little bit it's off Guardian yeah only
to the burn garden look guys Rico Palma
for anyone that doesn't know me I'm a
scooter rider not a trampoline hug I
figured a lot of them no yeah there you
go
yeah basically I just like talk to Isaac
oh gosh we've never tried this into this
thing this is the most ghetto phone
pitch the ghetto is a gift
DIY bro yeah DIY foam pit everybody oh
oh that's free soft I mean my feet a
little bit it works what should I do
there's no way how I could do that you
know what 1/2 out is don't front with
180 twist I don't know let's not try
whatever you want
yeah yo that was basically it yeah tried
to turn light on a little bit I don't
know what I'm doing here I got one for
you what Cody jump onto the pillows in
Cody Cody on the pillow Cody the pillows
I'll try Oh balls oh you didn't watch I
couldn't see Chris together yeah such
rotation all triggers the first goal
everything I know right so usually I go
shirtless but today we're mixing it up
again what I was going to relive with
danceOn dude you're still gotta prepare
for the meet up bro oh you want to talk
to way too early me hold a little bit
longer yeah oh ho that would be let me
try one more time I'm feeling it now
those my butt feel the sweat think um
gun down
Yeah right now it's right now give me
the power just one of my hands is gonna
make me lose much know everything on my
body is sweating I am well I opened up
so freakin much
one more chances to do okay come last
one guys must rip you out oh yeah look
what backflip for all the flippers out
that I can't flip the one thing let's
try let's try it this and we're going to
all Gardens
oh that was so close enough flip good
enough yeah my secret of land banking
some good pillows I want to land on a
pillow but I just can't really this too
slippery but okay last thing we're going
to do me and hey we're going to move
these pills real quick onto the one with
the glass on it and then we're going to
see you can do the most fold you know
back from 360 for those of you they
don't flip yeah it'll be a lot of thing
we do before we go e to Olive Garden's
bro you really get it fold so this is
this is a fair first thing I'm going to
retouch my breath right yeah okay 1 2 3
4 5 6 7
Hey
9 host none more than I thought yeah no
kidding dude this trampoline you have to
make your own balance it's not that
bouncy I thought of you like 4 1 2 3 4 5
6 7
I became a braggart bro how do you feel
right now
I've been defeated you're washed up bro
I know you're washed up man I am honored
we're gonna have a go fund me that
support stand are doing 9 Souls instead
of seven yeah I'll put yeah yeah let's
go
I'm sorry all right guys we said it's
really high last thing promise
yeah yeah okay you might have beat me in
the full contest but check this out here
we go oh yeah thank God for pool okay
guys that is actually the end of this
first vlog with hair Oh
leave a comment down below of what you
guys want to see while you're here two
more days three more days something like
that we don't want to get out a
district√≠s yeah we got a couple in
check will do I will probably do a
triple e versus the edge will see it and
yeah thank yourself for watching don't
really like Sheriff ready enjoy
subscribing you and I'll see you guys
the next one peace now it ain't my fault
hello sir with my tiny butt
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
