I am a very cold soul right now my feet
stink don't go in too fast well I'll let
me take off my socks wait what why
didn't you put the camera in that corner
I mean I can't do the hot tubs vaping
we're the Taobao sitting on what is
going on guys today we were back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day today we're doing a fan mail
opening in the hot tub it's almost like
the bathtub but it is not as cramp it's
also seven degrees you're probably
wondering where the female is it's in
that box what we're using this also
since I've been uploading every other
day it might feel like we just did one
of these because we did it a week ago
but the uploads haven't minutes frequent
so it's on my upload schedule yeah it's
still a little bit more but you guys
love the one that we did so we're doing
another one right now Jennifer's here hi
hi oh this feels great out here
can we set her down yeah I don't push it
your setup Oh perfect perfect great
fantastic that was a goof on our part
but who knows what's in this package so
he's gonna open it up real quick yeah
look at my wiener Wow if any of the fan
mail gets wet that's just part of life
you knew it would be in a tub Taco Bell
change thank you by the way this is from
Hunter dins hunter denden okay there is
a bunch of stuff in this one Ava and
Lily there's a bunch of little goodies
in here looks like it came out of a
astronauts backpack well congratulations
Morgan for being an astronaut thanks for
the pack
thanks for the Reese's what's that in
the Attic okay feel my hands yeah I
think they gotta fall off too tanner
bragging argh from Jeanette or Janet or
you net I don't know she's been Sweden
from the janitor of Sweden what is this
this is a bunch of balloons it's a
Ferrari I was right rawr whoa Smurfs
Caribous candy Thank You Fiona thank you
for this candy I usually don't eat this
because it could be poison but these
were too tempting Fiona sounds like a
nice girl oh there's more candy hey
why'd you get out
by the way the cord for my big speaker
finally came in from Best Buy and now my
guitar hero is really loud what thanks
speaker I got any big speakers almost as
big as that ass oh good catch you should
join the Fire Nation this is like a
beanie baby remember yeah
this one's good little clique baby
little peace sign I used to have one of
those in the exact same color so fine
just take it I mean you basically asked
for it I thought this was a horse mask
but it turns out it's just a werewolf
this is freaking awesome thank you
couldn't just handed this to me did you
do your hair different today be careful
with that knife werewolf package is from
Leo Owen oh this package is already open
hey that was a disco in water what is
that those are leggings oh boy a rubber
duck legging you should put them on well
they gotta go in the dryer first by the
way um I left Jennifer out of the
thumbnail because I think me and
quitting are the sexual appealing one
all we need is our sick look we don't
use girls for views we use boys it looks
like you're sagging you look like you're
six on Nickelodeon's cookies come back
they're going down the filter what are
you gonna do cook them up for later do
Asians everybody hush I'm pretty sure
this is uh Saleen s7 maybe something but
this is the car from Bruce Almighty one
of my all-time favorite movies with Jim
Carrey then he drove in it because he
played God in the movie so he had a
crappy car and then he just made himself
a cool car
nice car yeah
it gives me for me to be
I'm pretty sure this is the same car
dude no one cares you're a stinker hey
I'm literally I'm stinker sick can you
keep ahold of your damn ducks hey give
me another one of the Smurf candies are
you gonna juggle you don't have to be
good at everything okay let me show you
how the pro does it
I can juggle like this or I can juggle
like the hard way which is like this
yeah what you can't tell me you've never
fed ducks never you're younger and you
weren't scared from Omar abu ghazi i'll
knock their sins do not stab fragile I
didn't see that course but it's safe I
promise this is from Israel oh my god
still no you can't stab a box from
Israel that's bad luck
you will not guess what's in here from
Israel oMG it's an emoji and someone
seems really crappy car we got we got an
Audi r8 2014 I got an overwhelming
feeling of tiredness you guys gonna have
to finish this without me it says don't
stab on the back oh they're lucky I miss
there on the stairs my mom thought we
didn't bring towels because she thinks
we're in this service but I am NOT an
imbecile
I'm only retard oh this is the car for
the fast and furious and it's a hyper
car in this actually real-life car and
it's thank you it's called the lykan
Hypersport whoa I bet you should get in
this award participant letter there you
go oh we got goggles dear Tanner I love
watching your videos they inspire me so
much you inspire me and I wanted to say
thank you I hope you enjoy the crap I
got you and whatever else me my friends
all of your videos here's a picture I
drove you my favorite vid is night
shenanigans well hey we made another one
parents didn't like it but I had fun
dude I can see underwater I go through a
lot of stuff at school and when I'm down
i watch your videos and I feel so much
better thank you bro that is the whole
point of this channel let's freakin go
I've been watching you since 1.5 million
subscribers you have taken off I sent
you a virtuality set that's what Quentin
had on his head there's so much else I
want to say hopefully I can meet you
someday that rhymed
please read in a vid your biggest fan
cross cross thank you man this is
honestly sick it makes the participant
award I am
participant you're gonna be in and out
of this video randomly yeah that random
screen was her fighting a dragon
give me those goggles so I can see what
you're dealing oh my god you're open a
package and all try to guess what's
inside I bet you know the answer a car
an emoji clickbait black nobody dude I'm
seeing all kinds of weird stuff so put
your hand out okay oh whoa no no no the
doesn't repeat oh it's a box what's in
the box it's an iPhone brand-new iPhone
right is that it no I'm serious it's a
4s you liar oh it's just a bunch of
pretty rocks
well thanks these will be worth millions
one day no you going home yeah what the
heck oh well bye dear can you fix my
iPhone while you're gone
hey take these for the ride home get
home safe hey can you else make sure the
beep are we out of packages now I don't
know I couldn't see my god we got four
more boxes on deck I will open this with
my gaggles oh dang this box is actually
really cool on the outside someone took
some time and that someone is
AJ Blevins from Joplin Missouri I've
been there this is from Anderson Chuck
Chuck you Trojan like the condom like
the Warriors this says easy HDMI and if
it's what I needed for my speaker I will
lose my mind as I already got one nah
that's coins in there we have a I think
that's an old Camaro buddy that's a
Firebird my dad has one has a Pontiac
Hey oh hey this is a limited edition two
wheels what is open in that box cuz I
can't get into it but this one is from a
Chevy nah I'm guessing they know the
rule of too much tape and it gets killed
well it's the pants that are touching my
feet
brother you seem on-screen you I think
this is a piece of clothing it's pretty
soft though oh it's just the shipping
information um yeah this is uh this is
meant to go to somebody we've had one of
those in probably every field but we got
two of these yo brother
thanks for the dollar dollar bills the
last two boxes this one says open on
camera and it doesn't say name the big
reveal I saw a Lamborghini yeah we got a
Murcielago lime-green let's read this
letter Oh what the heck was that
oh you dick you just about hit me in the
face well we can't even see you turn
into a light your chatter my name is
hunter Cloward and I live in Midvale
Utah I am almost 12 years old and I have
been watching your videos for almost six
months now and I hope you can add this
to your Lamborghini show and then he
drew a trifle Steen with a flipper in it
I think it's me okay one more time I'm
gonna guess what those in the packet
feels like candy is it candy yeah
they're kind of candy everywhere oh my
god oh my god oh my god it's a rat is
you're dead Rock despite all my rage I
am still just a rat in the cage
hi well uh now that we've made a mass
mom we're gonna get out of the top we're
gonna clean up and guys we're gonna go
ahead in the video here and hope you
guys enjoyed it I guess I'm watching so
if I'm uploading every other day and I
have a weekly Q&A and a weekly p.o box
opening that's like two vlogs per week
that's pretty that's pretty weak so
should I do less of these I don't know
guys let me know if you enjoyed them
I'll keep making them cuz I love making
them I got the car from Bruce Almighty
that nobody cares about but from the
time I've taken off from YouTube I can
tell that it's already helping me a lot
in you know mental health area enjoying
life finding out what I want to do and
living in the moment because whenever
you hold a camera and you have to think
about where you're gonna say and all
that vs you don't live in the moment
your whole life is one big blur no it's
not a blur cuz you headed to the next
day and then you proof watch it and then
you have your friend show you and then
your mom watch this then eventually you
get sick of yourself and you just want
to hide in the hot tub and you hide over
the reflex trip through the gorge
subscripting you know she has an
excellent waterbender out
you just maybe
