for the record mom I was the favorite
kid who went and got the flowers what is
going on guys today we were back in
today it is Mother's Day and we've
basically been up for like an hour and
we haven't like said anything to my mom
we've been just having a normal day
haven't said you know happy Mother's Day
we've just been you know typical rude
kid but I got her a big thing of flowers
yeah I had her make me toast and stuff I
was just being a real lazy piece of crap
so yeah once my sister gets a pen and we
all signed the card we'll go upstairs
and we also have a pretty big thing
happening today it's going to be pretty
cool and my graduation parties today
haha yeah I graduated high school kinda
you thought we forgot you thought I was
just going to skip out of my laundry
have you made me toast I was like in my
overall in kinda got it was Mother's Day
so here's a car yeah look look look at
it thanks for making me practice so much
sound like a million posters in Rossum
Lou and I will never be mothers because
we got rid of their woman part all right
so my mom is on the way to the airport
right now she's about to go pick up two
special guests as you guys know it is
Mother's Day and this mother has a kid
his name is Harper he's a really big fan
and the mom Sabrina actually has cancer
and they had sent an email to our
website and we read it and we decided
we'd have him fly out and stay with us
for a day so we're just going to try to
make this day as fun as possible we're
going to pack it full of fun stuff I'll
take him on a ride me alright he'll jump
on all the trampolines you want it
completely up to him and I'm even got a
vacuum right now we can hang out play
GTA and here it is up to him this day is
all about them it could be really fun
so yeah they're going to be here student
it's going to be a lot of fun I'll try
to vlog as much as I can and yeah
they're invited to my graduation party I
don't know I don't really get the big
deal anyway like 90% of people graduate
high school so whatever there's going to
be cake I'm going to go ahead and get my
daily workout in I'm actually going to
use the thing okay
oh I just hit my knee on the bar
come in today my mom just text me she
told me that they are here hello what
doesn't I don't know meaning harbour
right yeah thank you
we have food and drinks and gone I
totally forgot dog food and we are
completely out I don't know how I forgot
it yesterday you know I take a hand
right now buddy I've got a lot of time
to meet you saying that meet you tanner
yes ok thank you we will have a lot of
fun today we got the foam pit we got the
trampoline the pool is open now we have
whatever you want to do would do it
here's the basement Kate Upton
everywhere you already know it's a
smaller or bigger than the videos oh I
feel like it's bigger yeah this is where
me and Rose and Luna hang out all the
time
well these mags look so much bigger oh
yeah yeah they're freaking huge
literally the best thing ever can't
forget the mini fridge do anything out
of there it's all yours but ok for sure
wait the one we got you this morning
they were the most alive looking one to
the store so I was very confused they
look pretty now I don't feel as bad
turns for seven minutes
Oh what all that what are we gonna start
telling me is we talked about diseases
today
yeah oh it's so heavy and so flu is
seven bucks it's like so cool dude what
for me bro you don't have to give me
anything just cuz I graduated online
school glow in the dark it might mess up
- freaking Satori
oh thank you that big piece up for the
pool do we even have any more floaties
are they all pot we have oh yeah we've
don't want to see those well we can have
like a go pee pee in our pool that we
girl come with it
are you ready to go for a ride I don't
know how much I'll vlog I got to keep
him safe and myself so what dog for you
okay why if we're going to do the full
experience we got to listen to some big
timers it's just how we good
I don't usually go staffing the
neighborhood don't tell my mom
probably the salted caramel women good
we went we got dog food and we talked
about life good time says it ow you can
tell the audience if it's actually as
good as it looks okay I'm a bit bigger
than you second probably jump higher
it's so big trees yeah that one's
probably yeah this one's a little bit
softer a little bit bouncy I think yeah
again
yeah yeah it looks so much more
impressed any backflip oh can you do it
on the ground have you ever tried no I
can probably teach you before you leave
if you bike easy yeah we'll get you to
talk and we'll get you do it on the
ground
hi this is the second-youngest that's my
second youngest Warner it's Warner
what's up man made it in the vlog I
don't know if I can see it's really
sunny it's so hot today
what a guard in the house let me trip up
front first yeah yeah okay okay let's go
get a bird out of the house huh
happening again Taylor I can't wear
hello
Oh huh the doors open unlike last time
Brett Dori yeah oh poor thing is gonna
get hurt oh okay I'm the door open the
door oh we should have opened the door
oh my gosh not before oh my god you're
not doing it again
oh that stop it oh my god I wish first
you tell what with the window and what's
not I guess it's full oh my god this is
going to end so bad with another bird
death in our house and I'm trying to
take down the chain we're visit
come on just hop in Oh son of them what
does it solve it it's on the thing it
will zoom in anymore back on the rail
go home Verde it's not soft as you think
I promise to funk it hurts oh my god I'm
gonna literally die I didn't want to
land on the net all of it we're gonna
come to the foam pit let's just leave
the door with the scarier than thought
yeah very much just jump out and land on
the pillows and you should be fine do
you want me to go fluff it real quick
yeah I hold this room Charlie I know my
back yeah I feel like I've been through
this a million times or like five
different people okay okay jump out one
on your back you'd be good there you go
that was hot yeah it's kinda watching a
video by later on it just rotates left
they go yeah watch this be like some
wild African bird that if we kill we go
to prison get in our net will take you
outside we'd go to Dairy Queen I don't
care yeah you can be like yeah hand it
out to me oh my veins look good right
now what's up ladies me pretty ready
ready I'm gonna poke it sit down fine oh
thank god
see you later birdie we never named it
let's name it piece of crap I am so
happy right now
we got it we saved the birds you're no
longer bird killers we've redeemed
ourselves from last year we just save
the bird you say Oh for my cake for my
graduation I worked so hard for
ah Wow
there you go I gave you flowers you gave
me the best gift I've ever gotten hey
we're girls Iijima back fold guys I
showed him the movie room he's legit
I've told him we're like Dylan
acquittance Leigh's been here sometimes
he's like yeah I already know and you
wake him up with spongebob remix heroes
more about me than me he's like I've
lost all of your videos I was like at
least five times I probably haven't
watched all my videos to be on fight
we're going to grab these two messages
for you I think that'll be good we'll do
it on that we'll do it yeah we'll go
from trampoline some mattresses to
ground who know that and there we go hi
guys I've only taught one of the Phantom
backs was a long long time ago fun facts
I've checked in on the guy his name's
Brandon and he can still do it as of a
month ago cheering buddy are you ready
yeah we're going to start have I having
you doing some back flips off of this
onto that trampoline so yeah I'll help
you a little behind so what onto the
trampoline and then just like that there
you go
I'm gonna call jihad is it hot enough
bring your arms hard there you go I
think huh yeah you just gotta grab your
legs just up close so close there you go
you got this you can do this we'll move
down to the Masters yeah yeah rah rah -
back so right now backflip on the ground
yeah I know you didn't be able to do it
today means Oh easy
a little bit what I'll try to get
straight up just like that
straight up snow clothes time for one
mattress we'll do this so that yeah
cycle back
yes okay see how that feels
grab your legs I got a landed right here
yeah oh yeah if you can grab your legs
you'll have it easy
that's the trick try to my own right
dude so close yeah you're not apparently
if you put your feet under you you'll
land it sounds good
yeah ha ha what did I do
huh you just talked early yeah I think
you're hot dude I think you need to take
a little break okay who you are that's
more me yeah you over here all right
grab your leg ties you can put your arms
as hard as you can get mad like make
sure you want it like so bad yeah it was
better
hey another break yeah do it oh hey
planet total we go oh if you were to
talk you could have landed that one come
on ducking so early yeah oh yeah oh
talking about there you go oh I don't
know what I'm going off with then I
don't talk him in there he's gotta
practice alright so this our last go at
it for now yeah alright give it all you
got
ah just the knees man yeah I pull inside
I'm right but maybe we come back in a
year or two when your legs are you know
you got legs like mine just getting mine
are skinnier than yours wait one more
thing before we go in okay inside we go
hard bro do you want to show us any
tricks before you dried off I just got
done swimming go down the slide no one's
seen anybody go down the slide yet okay
oh yeah all right after the trampoline
we go you can't get out of it this time
but right here everybody hold him down
I'm just kidding I already taught one
kid a backfield today yeah well he kind
of landed it he landed it on his hands
and feet on him one mattress you might
be able to one up and but not today yeah
I know you're big your big toe still
heard it and go it's not my big
oh yeah and now it's just your your baby
that's what it is
yes did I backflip just kidding knocking
oh they it for you oh come on
just lend on your back you land on your
butter your back you got it Casey was
gold
I heard the floor shake I think he went
to the bottom
- my grandpa has mastered the foam pit
back foot will be next we'll do it
before summer's over
is that a promise after good okay so my
mom says she has made two cakes I've
only seen one is this one a surprise
yeah kinda is it better or worse ah Mary
don't find it in the content what is
that yeah it's like thick frosting stuff
my mom got me a bunch of 2017 things and
I used to chant in middle school - to -
to 2018 for nothing so since we don't
sing happy birthday can we just we just
dive right in like that it's not edible
and you get picture those
all right usurp my Instagram picture
with you change it okay do I get throw
this out guys come back in the morning
for a check-in live and I through I
would like to give my bail valedictorian
fellow something bow is a vowel I'd like
to give my ballerina speech as you guys
know I graduated top of my class in
bottom middle and sideways I would just
like to say thank you for the viewers
mostly because without you guys I
wouldn't have been able to actually you
know I still be stuck in school that
sucked and thank you for you letting me
finally do it after no no you wouldn't
you didn't actually let me in the
beginning I - can I do here yeah yeah
try B to cake and we're going to finish
off this egg within after cake
trampoline sesh first trick by Harper
mixing it up with the backflip time to
to puff up ha yeah you can do it yeah
yeah Wow
got him I'm done well guys we're gonna
go ahead and in the video there and hope
you guys enjoyed it pretty busy day
pretty fun day thank you so much for
watching feel free to leave like a
stress bench if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys next
one hey my vault usually a day my
apology use the new name of fault
my thought you came and looking like
that you just may be fun
