what's going on in here
oh hey we're just getting a little while
oh you work on it I just get a little
punching stuff in get a little swollen
get my drink
I can't drink yeah yeah yeah Chloe
you're up show you real quick
Oh someone took my buddy and I Quinton
like you know four or five hours to set
up I gotta figure out your waste on here
let's take that on through quick just
Photoshop some weights on there tender
no big deal at all
your little help a little help me Oh
oh my god all right what have you only
guys today we're back in today as you
can see we finally have the workout room
other workout room I'm freakin tak about
it check out this little punching bag
Matilda Eric speed oh yeah we got air of
a speed bag I'm gonna be like Rocky it
would be like so we got punching gloves
in my mommy used because she actually
used to go to some punching bag climb
just to be this is children yes how she
made us feel good Clinton it got me some
wrist wrist straps she told me which
ones the gate so thank you they even
match my weights head yeah this was
definitely way more difficult to set up
than the glide trampoline
we just ruined it and yes the myth and
this and this and this and this and that
madness that alone took about 30 minutes
to be showing the booklet where's it at
with all the parts oh you're in there
but no FISMA finished that's what we did
haha yeah so it kept forever by my V oh
they're gonna rip those sleeves one day
it's not today my favorite part is this
sample and the 13 million ways you can
do too so yeah this is that snack that
that that's that today we have also what
goes on Wow all right come here use the
free cup yeah get pranked broom clean
our entire backyard and
your whole house will come together now
we got chairs oh no way
ouu what's up ah that's our pool cleaner
Kiki yeah we have a new dog cleaner but
this pool is bigger than the old one
it's clearer than the old one
I just think oh I didn't even think
about that it is and the water is not
that bad it's like 80 degrees now so we
can actually swim in it that's what
we're going to be doing today only one
look that's out the slide today and
recessed out the trampoline into the
pool today I'm going to not test out
that basketball girl today
and outdoor kitchen we figured out the
mini-fridge in there doesn't work and my
mom was like can we take the one out of
your room and I was like you know I
bought food for that one so I'm keeping
we got to teach Rhodes and Luna how to
swim in yeah there's also a wasp living
inside of this you guys have me on
snapchat you'd know that open oh let's
see so the house oh there's a little
wasps nests yeah but there was a wasp on
it last night there was scary so we're
going to get into our swimming attire
quitting's gonna join me right maybe I'm
scared please maybe film okay twenties
link has to be in the description he's
going to get in the cool with me Tanner
you better remember I'm probably not I
will tanner
yeah futures I haven't worn this outfit
since 100k but I'm gonna wear it today
oh gosh I got tired hold on fine I'll do
the first jump so not in this video but
in a future video we'll get the
rectangle trampoline and we'll put it
next to my mom's balcony and then we'll
jump from there to the trampoline to the
pool but we're already tired
we built a thing today Luna's just
sitting underneath for three two one
so water just like the last part dog
talk my dog does too he's like take your
collar off and lettuce on the sander I
know it oh oh keep your face cuz the
water will be non-stop dirty if they're
in it or just a dirty it's already no
it's not dirty here
she just think it's cold because I
dipped her and whenever it's also that
she'd know not to jump it I bet she
likes me more of this follow me here
we're going to learn how to swim today
Luna get a natural wow she's already
paddle gain a sweeping readout she's got
the natural dog paddle down ready me
ready winner I'm not sure if this pool
is ain't happy like our old one or maybe
it's like seven I don't know I'm going
to try to test out hopefully it's deep
enough to like dive into I'll put my
hands up it's about half a foot over my
fingertip nine five eight so six and a
half it's not cold in look at her
fallacies natural wow wow this way
there you go get you get out on her own
- whoa she figured it out good girl good
girl
that's right now you get your belly
scratched that you always want
I wonder if Rose could swim Rose is kind
of a baby look at it but she enjoys
badger now so maybe all right look I'm
gonna get in rows so thank you so much
for this will probably feel amazing we
need to give her a haircut lost
you can do it Rose look at her in a
patrol as well pretty sure all dogs can
just swim automatically that's just one
of their skills look it up Guinea she
looks this is wicked great we never
taught Rose how to swim in the old house
cuz uses too little and then yeah we got
her in September so it was just too cold
me yeah so she's just now learning
update they already went and bought the
frame so now we have a working one oh
yeah that has been the pool fund for the
day I'm about to go to my grandma's
house what are you doing quitting are
you what are you doing so find something
to do and yeah the pool is open there
now
no it's gonna like that no hold it out
like this ladies yes in your right hand
we are heading to my grandma's house
right now Paris has come with me we're
in the RA why not just got it washed it
was kind of dirty I don't know how it's
been sitting in my garage and I've only
driven it twice since I got back from
Florida doesn't make sense did you take
it out for a spin panting guys have I
shown my car vlog on my car very much
lately so you ready for a little bit of
car action sure how you hold it and this
is a really good phone
I related to my grandma's it's already
getting pretty dark because we spent all
day setting up that weight lifting stuff
it better work a lot of you guys even
watching my videos for a while you guys
know the weight set we have at my
grandma's fold up right out there those
bars you know remember when we dug them
yeah maybe
okay can track it okay where's it at I'm
really hey oh hey oh oh my god they're
so small God Rose would eat you oh my
God look at her I want one but I'm not
much of a cat person they're just in
we're getting another dog right someday
yeah five Parris no said I yeah if you
guys watch the who knows who better
challenged she I think I won a lot of
people are saying I won doing that I
think I won wins no I think you counted
wrong and I went with it and I actually
want all my grandma's pool is looking
sick - I see she opened her is just
kidding but I actually love this pool I
grew up swimming here bro this is where
it all started I was doing back flips
off that thingy right there i was
connecte for the sour sprite we haven't
done that in a long time come on come on
 you not know about the sour spray I
want to swim in your videos I don't
think it's easy I don't see it okay it's
all muddy so it could be buried
somewhere but I feel like one of my
cousin's watch my videos and decided to
be an asshole and I just took it I start
digging look even find it guys please
send some more sour spray today in males
we can dig it at my grandma's tree I'm
kidding it's fun so when are you going
to quit dodging the backflip Oh we'll
get around to only be one of these years
is this race we're back outside
I took my grandma's cookies you ever
been on the world's first trampoline
yeah right over there you were check it
out I thought mine was the world's worst
well yours isn't really translating it's
just kind of simple afford this I always
do this like I'm here ms-13 you down
there with me yeah go go
LACMA yeah Bachelet better escalators
around I know that's the problem
you could double you could double let me
take your double please be a really good
video really do any for me
some fun facts for you people about my
grandfather Steven my grandpa he has a
garden not only is he a Steven he's a
gardener oh you stuck your phone in my
pocket yeah
and then not even though you know how to
do a backflip out of the swing yeah yeah
this is up and personal with the camera
my god
they get to see my small but whenever I
do that I can't do the standard hurt see
you're about done in fitness Lane I
backflip but there's a table right there
backflip I know you can do it you're in
science yeah try it yeah alright since
you didn't get in the pool today you
know you have to do yeah yes to jump yes
yes young is that platform we built you
got to jump off there into that pond
you're retarded three foot deep into mud
you can you'll be fun so yeah this is my
grandma's house you've been here one
time but now there's the full experience
my second nice second time oh we should
do a go-kart race I don't think they'll
start up but yeah it's just like a
lawnmower right you just call this to
start it
you think it'll explode why is it going
on it down this thing scares me I'm not
going to mess with my grandpa's stuff
like half works and then he has to do
some special country boy stuff that I
don't know how to do I might have a
truck but I don't know how to fix a
go-kart that doesn't work so dang I
wanted to race you trying to pick it up
your mama might not like that oh my gosh
this is the cutest freakin thing ever
screw the pool this should be the
thumbnail oh my god they weigh nothing
all they way nothing my graduation party
tomorrow I'll see you there yeah yeah I
haven't told you guys about that oh it's
gonna be so six could be lit okay we did
our actual goodbye time for our YouTube
goodbyes ah
see you later haha my grandfather
Stephen really okay I'm gonna take your
kid in bye hi guys we made it back home
we are going to go ahead and end the
vlog there and I hope you guys enjoyed
it so yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video
oh you're welcome
say thank you guys so much watching this
video and don't you leave like answered
the phone if you enjoyed subscribe be
new and I'll see you guys the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
