what is going on guys today we were back
in today it's actually pretty early in
the morning and I'm running out of my
car real quick because I got to grab
this which is actually a warning I got
last night because I got pulled over
again but it wasn't even in the RA it
was in this car I was going a speed
limit that I thought it was but the
speed limit had gone down a little bit
so I got pulled over at 11 o'clock last
night so we're going to go inside I'm
going to show my mama's piece of paper
and I'm going to tell her I got a ticket
just because why not it'll be fun I
think she's about to take my sister to
school so we got to hurry I don't know
if I should lock it or set up my camera
and I will just kind of go with it hi
what's up I'm volume early it is 7:00 in
the morning are you about to say Taylor
to school like those do my makeup in the
kitchen cuz that's normal
did you actually get one I had a dream
about it last night hot even kidding
and then I had a dream that you got
another one to another morning okay you
think I could take it I'm a youtuber
well yeah it doesn't matter
yep is that all I hear me a target I
don't speed anymore this is the last
time I speak last time I sleep yeah got
pulled over last night I was going to
bring Kyra screws in makeup yeah so that
is really you did get another one yeah
my dream right no your do is wrong she
dream I got a ticket
yeah just like literally screaming at
you like I know you're going to be more
mad so now I can speed like a few more
times otherwise I don't know how to
forget a normal parent with slipper shit
I'm sorry stuff out and ground you but
it's like that just doesn't work with
your fiction well I'll take that I'm
going to add it to my collection and
I'll see you later my mom has a lot of
speeding ticket I've zero so okay good
night whoa I just realized it yeah how
long how long is this enough this
morning that's freaking awesome
did you tell you something firm there oh
these are all different ones
so you didn't take any from that me yeah
and it's pretty clean in here my mom and
her friend Debbie are fixing our house
we have a table so we don't hit our head
anymore look and like even if I try I
can't do it yeah Wow yeah we're probably
going to put fan mail up on the walls
right or a fan art I mail we're not
going to take boxes to the wall
lacquered it I mean just cover it
she's only doing she's only doing the
ones that are on canvases like these
okay so don't be mad at me if I'm not
hanging up paper yeah cuz that won't
stick very well good TV for down here no
one no because then people would be down
here more no this is my sanctuary
so whatever yes okay we just talked
about this fan art I know but we have a
movie room for a reason no TV Quinton is
here we're about to go get workout
equipment he has to show me what the
gigs I don't know what to get I'm about
to get swole oh yeah there's no more
boxes in our workout room that's not
really workout room yet let's infuse as
Legos awesome I am put in a notebook
welcome problem I don't know they got
rid of everything it's pretty sweet yeah
it's not even raining in here anymore
remember that here is our weight room
covered in water ceiling is raining for
years you can look at yourself and if I
guess well it will be my fault so I
won't be able to wear this shirt mostly
cuz you won't fit me because my muscles
Brown one more thing before we leave we
still need to put this thing on the big
Goliath Champlain look I just use both
names in one that's not what I wanted to
show you I want to show you I told you
guys the Goliath the super stiff and if
you land on your neck on you probably
just like died or something so I put
these gigantic pails of water to weigh
down the trampoline and you know stretch
it out a little bit hopefully it works
I've had it on there for like two days
I'm probably gonna leave it on for like
a week it needs to be soft for the
meetup if we're gonna there's a leaf on
my head Oh Quentin stop it I'm making it
wet or Swiss bounce you oh yeah
we're men of our word guys I'm going to
be bigger than putting by the end of the
day alright we got a bunch of workout
stuff the hard day's work sweet yeah one
where you go home may be said this up
today I don't I don't know we're going
to try awesome saw we've decided we
actually do want to dump these out and
test the bounciness after I eat my
sandwich stuff that wasn't me wetting
you're gonna have to take off your shirt
although I have a better idea
yeah just loop over all of them thank
you oh they were a big one Draiman well
I can't really type think the water is
still messing it up but feels about
exactly the same I can't get very high
Wow
I could get the world record oh you
could go forever I know right ABI could
get three all right we have a reasonable
D travel theme we had to make the
world's longest Rampling son of proof
which this is on Sabri frickin awesome
this at the meet up dudes to be so
excited for those of you to care about
flips you'll love it if you don't I'm
sorry to give you a four day sort of
really boring video that would be boring
they're going to be blogs I'm going to
vlog this meet up cuz one
Oh Dan yeah okay inside we go we are
back inside right now in my all it looks
like a puzzle as you were talking about
who knew you were an artist I tried some
kind of knows they're artists yeah
they're artists we just happen to be
really good at puzzles go tune all right
on my way Oh putting are these two we
need are you ready to take that bad boy
to the balcony I think so we came up
with a video idea we're going to go
upstairs to the foam tape we're going to
fluff the foam pit we are going to bring
that up on top of the balcony here's the
kicker we don't know if we should let
the hoverboard fall I think maybe at
least once and see if it explodes or not
should we make some kind of thing that
like stops it it wouldn't break everyone
to the foam pit but at all yeah
nothing's so heavy
speaking of heavy stuff we never set up
the waste yeah it's probably gonna take
a little while we're probably do that
later
I know I know yeah was just what
steadily bippy I'd already wanted to
fall in yeah all right let's set it
right there let me see how scary it is
what if it goes all jittery on me and
just throws me
I've seen the video the guy that wrote
this on the side of the building
oh you got a wheel on the side oh this
just go wrong yeah I fell hoverboard off
balcony gone wrong how do we stop it
from going off the edge with me if I
lean forward is just gonna fly off
Taylor I'm sorry but your sparkly rope
has to go you'll do thing I can do it
mama I'm scared you please be a good
parent and come keep me safe tell me not
to do this three two one
I just put straight to the masses holy
crap okay there need to be more padded
Wow well you do that try-try ruffle for
now I'm really scared Quinton believes
you keep me safe I'll tell you how it
ship it rose first off a hoverboard into
a foam pit off a balcony in three wait
we never get any some roses comment down
below so we know what to give her
hold on drum roll please
ready for my drum roll no I got oh three
two one ah it fell did it yeah thought
as I was like falling eyelids oh it's
fine it's still on it's not broken Jude
any attacks are with this too heavy
well now let me know it's okay if it's
hauls no more using on sisters Road
she'll hurt me more than this other
little kid what's not groans you can do
wouldn't destined to doing this on the
rail of a guy though I'm imagining I
don't want last rate since 2000
I value my life sometimes wait if I was
going backwards and I went stock I'd be
good right 3 2 1
Oh God I got scared I should be okay I
have to be okay I'll be okay right
nicely you sold me five times over your
favorite but a coin in this goes wrong
I'm blaming you
okay three two one
okay hold on all right what's the
conclusion you can see how again I've
got you're way more safe with it I don't
know why but I just need some mmm three
two one mom mom mom do you want to see
you know the folks you didn't care guys
leave a like because my mom doesn't like
me this free fun that would easier than
the front flip more Bob see half it
didn't turn on me you should press
thinking is that I'm gonna ramp off into
a habit oh I'm gonna hurt the big two
out of openings in her big toe no weak
links man we're carrying all this stuff
in we don't know if we'll set it up but
we're carrying it in and the hard part
guys
okay doesn't even a dollar yeah this is
a skateboard all right start pushin bro
oh this thing's like a lot of pounds who
knew I'd be lifting the box instead of
the weight oh good are you good at
sergeant there's my shoe we got two
things out of like 20 uh-huh we did it
that's what we're not doing setting it
up ah yeah well guys we are going to go
ahead and in this video here because
we'll took we're all tuckered out dude
both of us retired righta turkish we're
taking we're out of Junkers and we're
taking a nap to regain our duckers Hey
well yeah we moved a lot of stuff we're
tired we're going to take a nap haha
together who was what home what oh yeah
we're going to go ahead and end this
video there and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget leaves like your
friends if you enjoyed subscribe him in
and I'll see you guys in the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
