oh great just what I wanted what did you
owe my guys today we were back in today
I brought loanin here to film this video
with me
I guess she's going to sleep instead but
yeah I talked to my mom yesterday and
she said that the pool should be warm
now he just went on for a couple days so
it should be warm and I was super
excited to make a video with it and then
as you guys saw the weather was just
horrible so I couldn't do that Josh it's
freaking hot and I haven't read mean
comments in a while so I might as well
do that I don't know if they're all
going to be me and some of them might be
dumb and after digging through spam
comment after spam comment which is my
whole comment section I've dug up some
comments that I'm going to be reading to
you guys I think this is like my third
video sitting down on my desk oh and I'm
filming this at 10 o'clock at night
again I was waiting for the weather and
never got better and yet okay let's
actually get into it make a giant penis
with your three trampolines use the two
circle tramps for the balls and the long
square one as the shaft like so Tanner
can see so this one is amazed just very
sexually funny but why why is that the
first thing you think of when you see my
trampoline
oh that could be a penis alright and
then you decide to let me know and make
sure everyone can like it so I see it 82
people helped out with that so thank you
guys so much that'll be the setup for
the trampolines during the meetup this
one's in a bathtub tio box opening and
saw this comment it said did no one
realize Dylan's boner in the beginning
and that's got 57 thumbs up I don't
understand these okay I've made flipping
videos in the past like the one I'm in
my underwear on the balcony I think I
can do it people will come in like he
has a boner at blah blah blah why why
would I have a boner doing flips like I
don't mean to use bad language is boner
about word I don't think so let's do not
turn me on
I don't think Dylan gets turned on by
being in a bathtub with me or Quinton
hope not and whenever I add in my videos
I watch myself I don't really watch my
friends unless they're saying something
and I didn't even realize Dylan was in
the back adjusting his man parts I
should not be talking about this okay
moving on I don't think Dylan had a
boner that's the conclusion now you know
what now I want to know I want to ask
him face time seventeen Stephen calling
emergency services what what okay it
says based on 17 Stephen and then it was
about to call the cops but face time 17
its Stephen let's try this again calling
a merger
okay who someone change that my phone
who did it okay I manually facetimes him
he might be asleep it passes
that time passed mine too hey I'm
recording this haha he's peeing hold on
let him flush the toilet you almost
ready let's do min for this why sure why
are you you're upside down - I don't
know Lee that you do happen to have an
erection in the ladies bathtub he walks
up me have done with you which form is
that in I'm hoping you didn't actually
think about that I'm pretty sure it was
ice cream but like 50 some people thumbs
up a comment I said you did but I don't
think you did I don't run I always try
and like not and I think I know that
yeah like actually yes I all that you go
back to bed or whatever you do on PA bye
bye the next comment I see is is Dylan
gay well I didn't even see the comment
under it says not he just had a boner
for real though I don't think Dylan's
gay I hope he's not nothing against gay
people my brother's gay I have to get
out of jail free card with any gay jokes
I make if you didn't know that it's true
I'd like Tanner and his vids but his
comment section is always cancer Club
for him that is very true I still read
my comments though after I fished
through the spam and whatever hashtag
Tanner got a big Willie this is not a
mean comment thank you Alexander James
thanks for having my back even though I
already have a girlfriend so we don't
have to lie any longer I'm kidding you
guys seen the bathtub feeldog's evan
again moving on this is the one where I
climb inside of a wubble Bubble Ball was
going in and it was kind of like suction
to my face and it looks like Quentin at
4:01 threw 403 LMAO actually felt like
six other comments saying the same thing
I'd have to disagree I don't think what
looks like that I look more like a Wii
Sports character oh my gosh yeah I don't
even know how to explain it it's
basically like the condom challenge with
the bigger condom stop making the video
so short so this one's not really me
neither I just need to reach out oh this
video keeps saying they're not mean but
okay first off I think tend to like 13
minutes is a really good length for a
video I think any time after that it's
like hard to actually make what's in the
video entertaining right now I film
anywhere from like 30 minutes to an hour
every day
a and then I edit that down to ten
minutes or so how to make my videos any
longer like I know a lot of you guys
want I would never stop filming and
editing and they would my life would
just suck I would not enjoy making
videos that much right now every morning
I plot my butt down right there and I'll
show you real quick just like this I put
my feet in my chair for some reason and
then I edit like this when I should
probably just sit in my chair still one
of my favorite hobbies even though it's
not a hobby anymore it's my actual like
entire life yeah I don't really know if
I can make a longer video they'd
probably be boring I'm sorry this next
one is two different types of people one
person says that triggered my anxiety so
much me being stuck inside of the wubble
ball and then someone else said this
made me laugh so much some people stress
out at me almost dying and other people
laugh at it to be honest I thought I was
going to die inside of that ball
whatever it was rippln really fast and
like slamming against my ear
it honestly hurts so bad and I was like
okay this thing is like just going to
pop all this get a suction on my face no
drug I thought I was going to end up
like a little kid suffocating himself in
a Walmart sack like and Tanner will
start uploading two times a day yeah I
don't think that's possible going back
to talking about videos that that would
also make me hate my life a little bit I
could probably upload and then like
livestream that would be different I
don't know I'm just going to stop
talking about it learn how to turn on
your mic please I checked in this video
see I always have to check microphone on
I was thinking when I was in Florida at
playlist live there's actually a guy
working at Canon and he showed me a
microphone that it's just like this one
it's really good it takes batteries
which kind of sucks but whenever you
turn off the camera the microphone turns
off too unlike this one so I'm going to
order that one because I'm stupid and I
can't remember to turn on the microphone
even sometimes like if someone else
turns it off and I forget to turn it
back on and it's a mess
I'm mad cuz the fake ass picture welcome
to my channel I'm just kidding not all
of them are fake ass pictures some of my
thumbnails aren't photoshopped but it's
called clickbait and it's just it's part
of who I am
love you tanner but why do you say today
twice in your intro Oh
how often do I do that what is going on
guys today we are back and today all I
do but it kind of flows you know that's
also a part of me you know pretty sure
sometimes I say it three times will be
like what is going on guys today we are
back in today and then I'll cut the clip
and I'll be like today we are going to
do this and that and that and yeah
imagine what his neighbors are thinking
my mom worries about the same thing all
the time but we've met most of our
neighbors they're all really nice but I
feel like one day there's going to get
sick of our yard looking like crap and
having glow sticks and like disgusting
trampolines all over the place and
they're all just getting like ganging up
on us and you just kicked out and we're
gonna have to move now they wouldn't do
that to us would they probably I like
your pink Crocs
I mean Air Jordan now the reason this is
rude to me is because he called my Crocs
Air Jordans no one where is Air Jordans
if you have the choice between these and
some air Jordans which would you choose
that's what I thought
I should wash this look at that it's
just all dirty in there do why I do that
do not ever talk bad about my crocs ever
again I'll be very upset and I will
roast you again just like I just did oh
I feel like Tanner doesn't have any
ideas left so he just hops on two hops
to the trends this is also on the bubble
bubble ball video but guess what really
yeah well ladies we should do that for
video trampoline trick inside a bubble
bubble bowl oh yeah I did think of that
idea share all my other videos a copies
of other people's but that one wasn't so
you're wrong I'm kidding okay why do I
just say I'm kidding after every single
thing like people probably I'm serious
going to be serious for one second
though lecture I hop on trends I do this
and that but I put my own twist on it
bro I put the flip daddy twist on the
video to make it a 10 of rengar video
was I the first person to do a peel
boxed opening no was that the first
person to do one in a bath yes I was I'm
disclaimer I don't actually know if I
was the first to do it I just think I
was because it's pretty weird so if
you've ever brought your fan mail into
the bathtub and did not put it on you -
I'm sorry please forgive me and carry on
with the video and are they great of
course
so no more talking crap what's your name
Victor 79 Tanner flips his fans off at
130 let me go to one fruity okay that
does actually look pretty bad but I had
a fidget spinner in my hand so I
couldn't point with this finger would a
drop so I had to use this one out there
I just did it again
Oh getting better at clickbait I don't
think you get it dude I already mastered
clickbait I pissed off 13,000 people I'd
say I'm pretty good at click baiting
okay it is with mommy and daddy's money
I had to say it like that because I
imagine that's how he talks but like the
thing is like I bought this house for my
family and I made it to where my mom
could quit her job I'm paying for my own
car so no it's not my mom and dad's
money so no it wasn't my mom's my dad's
my gerbils it was mine or maybe it was
Luna about everything
actually showed my money stash on
snapchat the other day if you guys want
to check it out you know what why not
let's do it lighting here ah what does
that say on my Taco Bell change racks on
racks on racks on racks that was the
stupidest thing I've ever filmed in my
life there's only one more and I don't
want to put my camera back on a tripod
Tom's gonna hold it the last hate
comment we have is you suck I'm telling
ya guys that has been it for this
reading mean comments video I think this
might be the third where I've done maybe
even fourth I get way more nice comments
and mean comments and dumb comments but
I just thought I'd review some so yeah I
think you guys so much watching this
video and don't forget like in terms of
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
