oh boy ROS Luna ROS Luna
dang you are I'm very scared you guys
going to cut it with me all your soap ok
right hey what did you only guys today
we were back in today said and rainy and
thundery actually do like storms but you
know I'm just trying to film something
fun today you know but now I can't I'm
just kidding we still felt something fun
just really can't go outside it's really
scary out but I have my dog's to cuddle
with but you guys keep me safe during
the storm nope I just want to kill each
other have fun with that so yeah I'm
going to take a shower and I'll see you
guys in a little bit I don't know what
we're doing today okay I got my shower
and I got to show you guys something
real quick pretty cool if I must say so
myself I drove myself to the grocery
store today and I didn't get like actual
foods that like a grown-up would but I
got a bunch of snacks and I hit him in
my drawer so my dogs can't eat them and
I got a bunch of drinks and the reasoner
of my drawers is because my mini fridge
is filled too so yeah that has been my
morning pretty productive if you ask me
and guys my challenger was so dirty
hadn't washed it in like a month and I
don't think I've ever washed my truck
before but I mean like it was completely
covered in dirt you barely see the
license plate on it I don't even know
why I never bought my license plate
probably should but there it is I took
it on a drive to go get the groceries so
it's basically washed I mean it's still
pretty dirty down there
hi look at myself right now what am i
doing I'm just bending over in
basketball shorts recording my car yeah
why pay for a car wash you can just wait
till it rains and then have everybody
hate you for a while Ohio's you peeing
over there okay so right now I'm going
to walk over to the big trampolines we
call the big trampoline or the Goliath
or I'll change that as we go I haven't
tested this trampoline out whenever it's
wet some trampolines are better when
they're wet some are worse the water
like stays on top of this one it's just
so tight see how it like goes through
that one but then it's all the setting
on top of this one oh no we're going to
find out let me get these glow sticks
off here I was in Luna go play with them
good girl don't bite them okay or buy
them and don't worry guys we pay our
landscapers extra to take out the random
stuff across the yard from the videos
and for those be there like oh my god
you have to hire somebody do you already
spoiled these crap oh my god I'm
employing someone else to do something I
don't have time for
how dare I boom I fans who drive by
what's up literally I'll be out here and
just people drive by there's like five
cars that actually go into those houses
probably once every like ten minutes
someone will just drive by and then go
and I'm just like and and I didn't bring
a tripod what am I going to set this up
on hey Linda will you hold this real
quick come on I think it's worse no no
no it makes a little bit of noise now
okay it's starting to actually rain we
got to go outside where it's safe
time to get my car all dirty again guys
the bus on the way to Paris this house
is gone it must be sold or something I
missed my chance okay to be real I was
probably not going to buy that there
would have been no point I had no place
to store it what were they going to do
with it it would have been cool for like
a day okay call some sad music let's do
this
Oh
everything inside hooks the sat outside
oh yes that's a great sound Oh yummy
talk about this road every time I come
here literally that bad I have to I just
have to maybe there's some new viewers
my girlfriend's Road suck hi don't sit
down let's go into your house a little
bit
we never go in please pretty please no
no you can't sit in the seat is broken
please
we never go in like I only volume there
like one time well I don't want to know
why not I don't want to please let's go
can we can we go inside we never go
inside latter night later tonight
why are we going now I convinced Turco
where'd you get those shoes and you
looked at fly hey why you hate him he
could have just told me we hold the
world comfy if there it's hard to say
I'm sorry probably cuz there's a cord no
probably because last summer I was right
look I am Paris haha just kidding I
wanna mess up my hair you think I'm
gonna brush through this beauty no
pleasure take a snapchat video real
quick of us yeah okay
just differ quick let me get a message
just take a video go ah my sisters flew
on the airport floor and almost broke
time to empty my pockets
any nothing of course I'm gonna jump
this video date uh yeah you got to do it
in selfie mode like this you gotta be
like hi I'm Paris I'm walking on my vlog
hi guys welcome you got a girl like this
okay
so return the Christmas lights we have
to they look prettier in the dark I
guess I helped you up is really yeah you
have to help me up again you're so funny
you're so funny yeah you're so funny
how much more oh there's another one
come on s'more this bullcrap do you have
is it is this him okay how do I get up
here oh why is it her she's up here in
sharpie uh-huh I there's your chocolates
here's your cone here's your shirt I'm
tired my arms are evolving
okay on this game I'm gonna make your
bed yeah
you can't arm right yeah freakin cats
with I made it
you're so cool for real though I do love
Paris's room you just be sitting here
you know children and look you can see
out the window and a nighttime this is
music and looking for your pretty light
dude all I have is a fridge and a
beanbag but I realized we never film
here mostly hot why don't we film why
don't you go I mean yeah yes I am the
one with camera no she was showing me a
trampoline you know how I have the glass
guy she is a way better one so freakin
sick
hold up let's hold up let's go out the
window I'll show me are you going on
burgers on the standard else up on a
nail check out that beauty look at it
and its full glory frickin sick I want
to test that out there's actually a bird
on it can you see that all right no just
lock me out and I just stepped on a nail
let me back in thank you okay I'm gonna
come jump through your window watch out
oh dude do that here we go to bed let's
go to bed
oh why I found one more you piece of
crap you're so full of yourself
it's ridiculous time to exit yeah good
I'm sick of seeing Paris everywhere okay
very very soon
hey you know how you locked me out of
your room you're getting locked out of
my card
see you later good night oh crap I have
your blanket right here okay what night
guys do you want it
yawns we got Dairy Queen is my car dirty
again
yes and I sick up got on camera again
always do because I never stop she just
tried to scare me and failed and then I
just got her
okay I legit just got home and it's kind
of 10 o'clock
I just forgot to record we got here we
turn on Netflix and we watched Harry and
the Hendersons if you guys never watched
that movie is really funny it's a
classic you got to go watch it right now
what are you doing watching my videos go
watch some actual content I'm just
kidding but yeah I did not record
anything and it's dark and I was
thinking wow I never really still
impairs his house what else have I not
filmed recently like at all and then I
realized you know all I've large
recently have just been me and like one
other friend whether it be Dylan or
Quentin or maybe in both I don't know
it's just basically my friend or just me
and my dog me sitting in the same spot I
don't even go on my taco bed anymore let
me just let me just set this down real
quick I actually stopped living on this
haven't slept on it in like a week the
bean bag setup is just so comfy anyways
yeah I realize I haven't really shown my
family that much I don't even know why I
mean my sister's been sick and my
brother's been busy right now we're
going to go check on everybody see what
they're doing I haven't done that for
the vlog in a while why not I usually
just walk around my house in film and
talk to my family would be involved so
it's time again to do that well hey what
are you doing repping my sick merch is
that it oh yeah ain't my fault it ain't
my fault that shirt so sick so I told
the vlog I need to start like showing
you guys more at least like you know
follow me on instagram at and that is
why I never show you though you don't
actually go follow what is it
Taylor burger yeah there yeah there's
your freaking shout out go upstairs let
me alone i'ma go check on mama Tristan
maybe they won't use me for free
promotion just me I don't know I saw
this car I almost hit it backing out
which is he still parson that stupid
spot good evening whoa it's actually
kind of cool in here you need to find in
your parking spot the garage to clean
though
yeah we're they parking it thereabouts
and I know that the garage was actually
dirty it isn't his fault maybe you need
to turn in your female announcer you
need to sir the tailor hat on it ain't
my thoughtful row you're the most sick
beauty set up look at that the rolling
office chair roll up here oh I can see
all my imperfections alright now I hate
myself so close on you and I met a
little civilization living in your
blackheads oh gosh I'm gonna get this
and I'm gonna put in the garage so you
know now then you know what a part of
you so funny actually please do that
tonight I just ran my butt into you're
going off that was also flash but not
least my mother oh by the way the
foampit
still here yeah it's probably going to
stay till the meet up maybe forever it's
kind of like roaming out within a small
pitch it's just kind of there no one
really uses it hello same spot as the
last time I checked out ha ha Rose
almost forgot the most important Henry
came in first thing she never had much
respect animals Oh in that bathtub yeah
my mom and I did a bath to a pillbox
opening I didn't tell you guys
hey did it was on your face yeah yeah I
did tell you guys actually it was like
funny and stuff we I'm not no no I
thought it was funny I thought it was
really good and I would have uploaded it
by the thing is if you get a bunch of
stuff that just has letters inside of
boxes so that you open it and then it
has like I don't know a sucker in it and
then some like random change and then a
twizzler it's like what do you do you
know you can't be genuinely excited if
there's nothing exciting inside you
can't fake that and there was a lot of
that I'm sorry I try to open all the
packages like whenever we choose
packages is completely random we don't
know if the video is going to be good
and it just wasn't that good and I
didn't want to upload it because it
wasn't up to my standard yeah yeah yeah
we've gotten it like a million times so
it's like whenever we open it it's like
you know like the hover board for
example whenever I got that I was like
freaking out because I was something I
hadn't seen before and it was insane I'm
not saying go spend like 80 dollars
sending me something like the little
wooden name yeah yeah like something
like that it's so cool Stan or anything
like that is amazing but like no matter
what we say it's gonna sound bad like I
know but that's yeah I know it's hard
but all I'm saying is that please don't
go to your old toy room grab a few
things
go to your dad change jar and just throw
it on a fox yeah we just thought we'd
tell you guys that I wanted to run that
by you we do appreciate everything that
we get it's just that I know whenever i
watch fan mail openings of other
youtubers i'm hoping that they get
something insane
something you know that they can react
to to make a video interesting and if
it's just repeats of stuff that's not so
interesting the video is just not up to
my standards I didn't wanna upload it
my mom agrees with me so I'm not a bad
person but yeah I just checked up on the
whole family because I hadn't done that
in a little while and why not you know
if you guys like that I'll start doing
immoral just you know once if we just go
up and see what everybody's doing
alright it's 10 o'clock at night but
yeah it's getting hot in this freaking
black jacket that I just found it used
to be my favorite it was on my coat rack
on there like 15 others might be worn
tomorrow oh no to be such fun video oh
my god but yeah I'm gonna take Rose
downstairs we're gonna go ahead and end
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching this vlog and don't forget
like inside the fence if you enjoyed
subscribe to knew and I'll see you guys
the next one piece' well let Rose do the
outro because I didn't really interview
her
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
