ah what is going on guys today we were
back in today here's the first part of
this vlog right now I am here with my
birth giver my mom alright we're going
to leave out the corn we think you
bought about 50 dollars worth of the
wrong stuff yeah that was a little bit
from the peel box opening I tried to do
with my mom we tried to do oblique which
is basically cornstarch and water and it
makes a weird substance that's like you
know I don't even want to explain it
Thank You rose but yeah that failed
miserably and the video just didn't turn
out how I wanted it to we didn't buy
enough corn starch we bought cornmeal
like 50 more dollars worth of that turns
out they're not the same thing at all
that's for corn bread we're stupid and
yeah so that video failed I was thinking
I do not want to miss a day do not want
to miss a day what are we going to do so
I just spent the last half an hour
breaking my fingers off on doing glow
sticks right there haven't cracked them
yet that's why they're all boring but
yeah Dylan is here with me oh my god it
is missed you so much I was gone don't
worry you get your kiss too ah do not
tell my mom yeah oh if she knew I was
cheating she can still kiss feeling good
yeah so yeah we're going to crack these
I tweeted you guys you know I want an
idea to do with these glow sticks a lot
of you guys were like throw them in your
pool like make your pool glow do it with
a hot tub or something that'd be really
really cool and I would totally do that
like at least in the hot tub since the
pools really cold but I kind of want to
tape them to my body and like we're all
black and then do some flips that'd be
really cool I went and I got some clear
tape so I might try that first and then
once that fails which I'm guessing it
will what we could do is just you know
cut off the ends or light off the ends
and then just pour it on the nasty paint
trampoline and then we can just do flips
on that and hopefully it doesn't go in
our eyes or ears and mouth and like kill
us is my microphone on okay then go so
yeah we're going to get the Kraken haha
yeah like we're actually going to crack
them right it's breaking but it's going
to be sick crack-a-lackin' oh haha we're
not lacking any Krakens you come to bed
puns of the shelf so yeah no idea how
we're actually going to take these to
myself I honestly think it might fail to
these to myself I don't know if it was
good grammar
stopped in front of me Dillinger let me
put on some black clothes real quick
I'm in my underwear Ted all black and
not indoors clearly light of Christmas
hey be quiet
are we actually going to press these
open and put a moment after this
probable yeah well see how well he is if
let's work with them tape to me and it's
not then we'll probably just like cut
them open or something just all black
enough I think it's all black enough
let's get to taping what you're going to
turn off the light yo that is so cool
Frick yeah quick quick Cameron watches
rapid fire bro yeah yeah crack in my
throne crack them and throw them oh oh
oh I'm actually excited I thought this
was going to be stupid but no no this is
actually gonna work Luna is mesmerized
can you see her here now you can see hi
oh oh that's right shake it Oh our lacan
has been cracked look at all that okay
we're going to try to tape this to me
hopefully hopefully it works come on
let's do this should we do it to where
like it's like a stick figure on me
silly okay got first piece tape let's
start like down on my foot is actually
going to work I feel really gonna fly
off hold on let me let me jump around it
it's kind of saying I don't know I feel
like it's just gonna fall out we'll see
you guys when this is finished this is
this might take a little while oh my god
you guys are not ready for this alright
alright turn it off Wow I'm tellin ya
whatever filled with a brick okay turn
it on so you show them how stupid
actually looks look they're already
minutes of oh I hope this down when I
flip though okay we don't have one for
the head but I'm just going to hold some
by my face you know so we'll try it
alright do anyone to grab the camera
we'll turn off the light and yeah we're
going to handle to the trampling always
elbows yeah we need all these go just
put them in like that okay let's put
them in this box so the videos could've
been down you want to do it not yeah
honey help me yeah yeah my go breath
punch like so start off on the Goliath
trampoline yeah I've got Ben Oni yes oh
yeah I'm gonna show you
I don't want to live a long yet Wow
watering next day no matter where I go I
can see this is my new super power this
is the coolest thing ever
I'm penguin man oh I just turn on that
light with my powers holy cow that
thing's freaking ki yo I don't give him
a dump myself on the ramp wish on models
you have your fine oh look over see I
don't think the fall off very easily
oh yeah I do have your phone yeah
alright yeah we're probably need that
flashlight their work so cool looks like
yours floating in mid-air with a bunch
of this is so cool yo we have the big
lights in my closet you want to go grab
it
yeah doors around they're big with the
ones we tried and seek to do I'm just
going to sit here and wait for Dylan up
some of these are falling no get back on
there there you go buddy what the heck
oh oh I see a big light yelling is that
you this crap goes to this guy it's
freaking awesome these lights aren't
saying we probably should have strapped
it to the back to so you guys could see
me when I flip so it looked trippy by
three two one yeah I do
that look cool yeah is that it oh I
think one fell off or three I love
having all the room in the world
yay I'm gonna get a flip to all these
fall off looking at night scary
thank you most important took a lot of
it out load oh you oh you're falling
apart
ah I don't know my foot we offer make
demo for love
another of the caliber that the
motorcycle hey Dylan
turn get up here handsome so we all
might be so big too sure if we sit
together yes oh I'll trampoline burn no
hold on let they gotta see it it's right
there hold on oh no I'm gonna back fold
and throw it I was going to yell get
back up in store up in here
okay go oh oh
should have brought black shoes do these
actually hurt that's me hi Taylor on
this thing
yeah I know I mean corner talking about
that we're like ran out of the biggest
sleepover during the meet up are you
going back to bed do a night a light
show like something like not high in the
air just like yeah oh it's raining all
right what did I call myself King with
me
bullcrap spied on us I'm like man front
flip yeah that didn't look it did it Oh
No
I just landed on my knees and they're
all taped to my knees you okay
that felt like a bunch of pencil look is
this a dead back whoa what is it dead
bat what it's not bad cuz junebug
there's bugs everywhere I'm not liking
this anymore what there's no bats in
Kansas what Y's are dead Berry's
bathroom Kansas Oh small okay rest in
peace little guy I don't want what goes
what if he was sleeping in this if at
night I don't think all right all right
we're gonna try to snip off these and
just dump one of each color bro these
are insane why there's our to get
through Oh dump it out Oh Oh straight
through the tramp
well there's plastic on the inside
that's why okay this is probably gonna
hurt that's what the white looks like
blue all right we're gonna try to get
all these done
there's the green here comes the yellow
oh look you pretty cool I mean when we
jump in it's probably not going to do
anything because it's already like
settling is basically paint but this has
made this trampoline that much cooler
whenever this goes on the souvenir shelf
that's going to be sick okay there's
that bad except I've got my fingers
lemons like okay that one just looks
yellow next is blue blue looks oh it
looks pretty blue it was exactly like
the white did oh it smells it does smell
you're like making like one of those
paints from the pending really fast and
I turn it upside down it's like some
face so weird I last one guys right give
it a snip I got it like pink yeah
there's our artwork and there's like
picture that yeah this is a video it's
like a picture but better ah bug bug
okay let's just do like you know some
artwork there's no point jumping in this
there's not enough and we took the time
to sniff all those there's a guy here
till one moon I know right let's not do
that here so I just step in it or your
footprint Louis being a footprint look
look this one right here what is going
in that's kind of wet feels really weird
and now a step Oh like boy is glowing
bad looks yeah yeah I can feel the
plastic and it does not feel good it's
like glass I'm okay that might be glass
I'm stepping down I do not want this in
my bloodstream okay I currently have the
coolest feet ever
what does PEG click maybe like maybe
yeah you can see every curve in my foot
watch
I'm never taking a shower ever again
this might be glass in my foot it'll be
sticking it hurts really bad actually
yeah yeah we're right there you see it
all like all that no it's a glass or no
I was glad why would you put this inside
a glow stick
I can't walk inside I'm about to do a
handstand in my shower actually too bad
this only lasts 12 hours imagining it
for our trampoline was permanently
glow-in-the-dark rainbow I lied about
the shower we're going to take one right
now sorry Dylan my feet aren't glowing
that much actually I turn on the light
time to hop in the presidential shower
guys oh my feet smells so bad but yeah
guys we're gonna go ahead and in the
video there and I hope you guys enjoyed
it I was actually pretty cool I know we
didn't do a lot of flips but let's in
the dark are very scary so yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and thank
you so much for watching hope you leave
like a tres principie so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I think guys so
much for watching
don't leave like insurance friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in the next one
my thought you came and looking like
that you just may be too far
