hey hey hey relax relax what did you on
guys today we are back in today doing
kiss gimme kiss I missed you so much oh
okay you kiss each other today we are
back and today the springs for the new
trampoline finally came in as you guys
saw if you guys saw the video when we
tried to make the trampoline they were
stuck in Canada for like two more weeks
but it doesn't matter because we have
them now I'm still a little bit sick I
don't know if you guys can tell I don't
feel 100%
I feel like 95 but today we're going to
build the trampoline coin is almost here
it's currently 914 a.m. because can you
guys quiet now I didn't film a vlog
yesterday I'm filming this one this
morning the same damn uploading it
because the last day of a trip is always
us just flying home and I don't like to
make videos in the airport I didn't even
bring my Healy's it would have been
boring and since I knew my springs were
here I was like why not just wait but
yeah guys this trampoline is 16 by 24
feet it's frickin huge it's going to
complete the backyard like basically we
might get some more stuff in the future
but for now let's go let's go come on Oh
question no y'all right here I didn't
miss you though give me a kiss it's been
five long mezrab no I've missed the dogs
not you everyone I gave you a kiss in
that last video on the shoulder yeah
something like that there's literally
four boxes of gigantic Springs something
put the frame together oh yeah we got to
build it we just left all these bars out
here so chill in my yard we didn't want
to like put them anywhere else and
they're already all rusty hopefully this
isn't a problem Luna
we need you open up these boxes and
we're going to figure out how to build
this bad boy oh I miss that body mmm loo
now get to work here little break right
there yeah there you go thank you we'll
build the frame you get the springs out
here show them the picture of what we
have to work with we we threw away the
instructions already that's a
normal-sized guy in the back this
thing's literally so huge there's a lot
of pieces we don't really know what
we're doing we're going to guess and if
we build it wrong then it'll end up like
the Walmart one we think we figured it
out this looks like a shape it's kind of
oh no I called a jump on it first haha I
think it's I think it's in - oh that's a
bar we're doing workout stuff this is
mean for the
I swing a little it's not long enough ah
no nope I can't do it dude holy crap I
think I stepped in some crap
thank you I guess better than on my
floor no way to do that 200 heavy we
need two more people
I gotta my god what that is I know I've
never fallen off the trampoline again
nets are for weenies when you have a 16
by 24 trampoline yeah that's retarded I
know we're almost done guys then we got
to put on all the springs let's break it
did it we're almost done but this is
getting hard now we're gonna have to
upgrade to some tools I'll hit my knee
you all need ones turn oh we're done
guys check it we got all that I mean
we're not done done but we got done with
the springs we put them all on and look
they sent a few extras only they could
have sent a normal amount but on time
you guys know how we have that sour
spray at my grandma's house I don't know
how many of you know that I might decide
no we should hide this and then check up
on it sometime we should know they can
see it there you got put lower they
won't expect it perfect we're keeping
the springs right here right next to the
tree now let me forget however it went
someone's definitely going to come steal
these where'd they go that's true
camouflage right there
don't worry Quinton I'm coming
oh I hope we're doing it right because
this is a pretty big Spriggans here end
up with two extras on each side though
your extras on each side okay so we
ended up with actually a lot of extra
Springs right over there and some more
we think we did it right with this
literally looks insane before okay
whatever what you got to add them to the
pile oh yeah
thanks by far the most difficult
trampoline I've ever set up definitely
the hugest yeah I want to put the
rectangle one next to this yeah yeah we
will we will let's do a jump test real
quick
and then we will oh this is a childhood
dream come true it's so tight so tight
feels like I'm stepping on a mattress so
far like like a floor it's pretty it's
super silent yeah doesn't my good sounds
this would be our dream for seventh
grade our mommy could come outside to be
like quick yep in on it too loud it's
really really tight right now this is
Lauren's for like people that want to do
like back handspring but it's pretty
bouncy for being really big because
usually you have to be really big to
make a big bounce on a big triangle I
really hope they can like to see the
scale of you versus yeah let me lay down
I'm five foot eight I'm just a little
guy alright we can literally have every
person at the meetup Bill bouncing
someone oh my god this is that we just
got to stretch it out you know break it
in a little bit and then it'll be softer
that'll be nice double backflip and I'm
taking a little break I'm so tired how
much room I have holy crap I can
literally do whatever I want see dude I
might even try a backflip yeah I know I
might kill that safe oh pretty good I'm
tired Oh Quinn turn I guess I can just
film up here I'm not gonna take your
bounce oh boy it's ambiguous I know what
the Frick this is weirdly silent I know
I wanted to be sick I kind of want to
double about you so you can get higher
because it's kind of hard to jump high
since it's so big oh yeah look they have
little thanks for your shoes your phone
Wow it like annoys me that doesn't mean
other than any noise it's like he's not
jumping oh yeah yeah it's way bounce
here
so bouncy this is going to be the
meetups trampoline where everybody does
all those really fell down to play
pokers long as it please over yes
does everybody ha we get all the poison
we used all of our energy setting this
up I go on my morning jog on the
trampoline or nning job don't you yeah
nope
I hope Google Earth comes in like
retakes the pictures so everyone to be
like what's wrong with that family
trying to rearrange some rental scenes
this one seems way lighter now and wait
smaller looks like a little baby now
this one has to be huge farther in front
so we are put in side by side for the
owners it's really long ways this is our
decision well this trampoline is
literally just as long as the middle
piece for the meetup we can do like quad
flips onto the big one off of this one
onto like beanbags and stuff we're
moving the foam pit to the Goliath and
jump off this that would be so insane
life the heck okay let's see no choice
yeah no noise and then that this one
just waste off there right now
that's so weird to think I used to think
that we excuse you want to jump on it
mom test out your backs look this one's
a little bit bouncy right now does it
stressed out I don't need to get
stressed out crap
yeah trees in it super hard yeah but
it's kind of Awesome okay so no food
allowed on this we're not doing
trampoline verse dude with that whenever
I don't unless it's like something that
can be cleaned up very easily for really
good thing we have the extra lot yeah I
know this wouldn't fit in our backyard I
used to think this could fit in our old
backyard I think so
now absolutely Carla can we cloudy on
this one well yeah Lynn just had a great
idea we could buy two more of these and
make like a super octagon and then we
could wait like four months for the
second pair of spring she's going to
blend in with this this one so frickin
small now what the heck this is bigger
than my room sizes man
let's pray about yeah if only we could
put this one inside now I'm never taking
this one apart ever this will never go
to a bridge a cliff our actual backyard
we're both yeah so this is our fifth
trampling a new house not including the
two small ones I guess we burn one of
the small ones barely count yeah I
barely counselling right that's like a
half of a food Oh
so when's the pool going to be not
freezing supposedly another pool
company's just telling me today I've
literally gone through four different
ones trying to get people out here so
over it
I just want to swim after this it's so
hot out okay guys well that is the new
trampoline reveal sorry I took forever
it wasn't it wasn't my fault it ain't my
fault and guess what I could have film
another video today so I will see you
guys in the next video
I think yet so much watching don't
forget to leave like it shows friends if
you enjoyed subscribe you know and I'll
see you guys next one oh no my mom just
reminded me I forgot to tell you guys
we're going to be going to Chicago for a
skyzone meet-and-greet we're basically
doing a normal meet-and-greet but at a
trampoline park so it's like really cool
it's going to be a lot of fun I'm pretty
sure there is some tickets left maybe
not by the time this videos out but for
those of you that are going I'm super
excited to go just got back from Florida
and we're about to get on a plane again
oh well short trip this time so it's
going to be a lot of fun so go check the
web sites are any more tickets I'm not
sure sure
like Seashore I say sure I don't know
why I just mix it up but yeah good night
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe check
