what if you own my guys today we were
back in today we were in Florida and I
know all my videos from the last few
days have been from Kansas if you guys
follow me on snapchat and Instagram and
Twitter you guys know I've been here the
whole time and I pre film videos so I'll
give you guys the rundown of what has
happened so far so here's some clips
from my snapchat story as I just ran
into this guy Oscar he has an send with
you they have a baby he's 20 that means
like a mechanic that I'm in a tire Oh
anybody dying out of all that's gonna be
me
that's it
ah my favorite student for Robert Jenny
Marge mark where we at
but yeah security here is like
ridiculously as to show them your room
key and this little badge every time and
I lost my badge well my mom did try to
get into one of these and then my
brother got sick last night they had to
take him to the hospital he had like
some vertigo or some give her her that
yeah yeah I don't know but he was like
throwing up and stuff last night so we
had to take him to hospital
I guess the speech goal that has
happened but right now I'm headed to the
green room with all the other Creators
because I have to speak on a panel this
morning it's like a live Q&A so yeah
today I will be vlogging not sure what
all we have today besides that panel and
yeah now we get to go on the go-karts
because that is what takes you from one
building to the other safely thank you
so this has been my main man throughout
like most of this whole trip okay judge
mr. Martin if you guys don't subscribed
go subscribe save sensor went to IHOP
last night I forgot to tell them that
was giving them yeah I was giving them
the rundown of what we've done
link in the description to jug channel
I'll try to remember it just phase
senses a lot of you guys probably I
dunno I just got to hold me I don't know
anybody here tenzin like my fuckin
evidence mom taking care of me watching
all myself we brought to the full court
players has been amazing fans been
amazing you guys are awesome they got
some support and yeah he taught me phase
up look it's an app I never knew that I
thought it I thought it was just this or
that it's an S look at that so this
green room is like frickin insane though
check it out we have bananas speaking of
bananas I threw one off my balcony as
you guys probably saw on that snapchat
montage and this has basically been my
breakfast and lunch so what's your name
Jesse Jesse she's going to be asking me
the questions I just woke up so
hopefully I can be entertaining I can't
do the camera cuts and like edit how I
do my own q and A's and I can't be a
stupid I don't thing I'll try to be
serious but it'll be fun though and I
think we're going to Universal unit unit
Universal Studios tonight is that right
yeah it's like going to be dark there so
I don't know how much I'll film there
but basically it's like roller coasters
and stuff yeah we're definitely gonna go
back to the pool today and then my mom
is here now she's going to vlog this as
best as she can we all know she can't
focus an autofocus camera but yeah my
sister's here as well and my brother's
probably gonna be sleeping all day
welcome to stage action Hannah yeah sure
I'll get it brother
yeah alright cool you guys this little
cube I get it throw it you get honey Oh
right now then I got you I just woke up
as you can tell by my voice all doing oh
you want to snapchat it you tell me win
all right Q&A panel is over thank you
mom for do you record very much now you
have the camera okay never mind walk
hopefully this project when you were
whenever okay cool yeah that was
actually really fun it was just kind of
chill I was like one of the first people
and some girl gave me literally you
strap these on to your normal shoes and
they become Healy's what the Frick I'm
so hype with this I'm about to put these
on real barking actual real sparking
action you know I've won more panel and
I'm done with like this stuff for the
day and then I'm done in general yeah
Universal City dude Tanner what are you
doing right now bro throwing donut let's
not throw stop where's the other one
time let's go out to the pool I'm busy
right now it's a little busy doing with
the doughnuts tell oh my little ooh I'm
out of bananas I got it
you being ridiculous right you seriously
got two bags down let's just let's go
get more bagging on we'll sell them when
we're go to school
we'll throw them off I broke it okay
we're actually going to teach him a
backrub right now then we're going to go
down to the pool hopefully you can do
some flips under the pool with me I got
a little bit in trouble for the last
thing I did that you guys on snapchat I
hope I can do it again I want to try to
do it again if not I'll do some more
close to the pool there's probably a lot
of fans down there you can do it
backfield right now I don't believe you
I believe in you deluge header there's
no way he says you can do how to do a
backhand teach anybody % that's a 10 15
minutes it's me it's like I could be
standing here like that in here
you're gonna touch down exactly do it
like that you got it all right you ready
okay we have slowly worked our way down
we're at the pool this place is honestly
so cool we're going to go up on top of
the balcony you have to have a bath to
get up there so I'm not going to do a
backflip off that first I don't get
kicked out yet we're gonna do fastest
picture session ever ready I don't want
to get my fucking are nothin we're good
solids they look like you face district
you're getting there Doug's backflip is
going down right here right here in this
area waterfall scenic backgrounds we got
this
okay
I'm going to go off the thing about that
basketball goal first I don't wanna get
kicked out yet I don't think I'll have a
problem with me doing that never mind
that put a sign up or maybe with that
there yesterday plot line sign this is
no jumping or diving off let's balance
no security up here today so we should
be good I'm going to show you guys the
bull real quick exactly so so beautiful
here in Florida again the waterfall it's
actually so dope we're good you think
I'm good you're a maniac dude set it
that's crazy every one of the foods like
you're graduating in right now that was
so fun not that diving board that has it
works you know I have to be this guy's
bodyguard this is his first time my
first time through playlist live you're
getting swarmed everywhere you go it's
like I need to actually start acting
like your bodyguard
say hi they're going to be in the box
those are going to vlog we're going to
keep doing this because it's really fun
like um I don't think we're going to get
in trouble so I mean whatever
so it feels pretty nice no I was Oprah I
didn't hit the ground but not that hard
so I was cool you're good yeah
how's your back feel I'm good you see
guys over here so that I got to do
something at your back jump jump over
our super we can jump over that calories
is four feet certified okay yeah what's
up I think I'm under once I come back
what's a double back yeah
that one hurt on that and I didn't close
my legs all the way are you serious yes
the lady in gloves walking over here but
did you keep killing ringing to get in
trouble
what is she's going to kick us out I
don't know we're gonna find out
one more request from Juke squads little
brother yeah that was me you yeah Juke
squads little brother's friend we're
about to send it off the rock and climb
up here go around hopefully get up there
with that bird just landed and jump off
the rock one time that's it
so we somehow did not get kicked out
that's good and Tristan still napping
oh no I wake you up go back to bed
because my third nap of the trip is over
and it is time to go to a dinner and
then Universal Studios yeah dad can we
go back here please possibly one of the
last rides on this this year a soft Park
whatever it is but we have a golden
ticket we're about to go to Universal do
you like roller coasters don't release
me the fish scare me we will see if the
power of peer pressure comes into play
I'm glad we got here early because we
got a big comfy white house and I can
take another nap instead of being social
right right select stickers at the end
and do my outro like this
it a my role
for why Willie's yeah great all right
did I go friend we posted a picture of
us being gorilla gorilla on footer guys
they'll fall man sorta go follow me we
go follow follow yeah come on back
here's a twin brother named Harvey
they're both singers you actually go
take out their Instagram as well they're
super super good and he's toxin British
so everybody likes
we did it thank you photo session is
over we are headed to some rides yeah oh
yeah don't forget your Sun Visor it's
going to be really dry outside there oh
yeah
ten o'clock at night oh my god oh my god
my new favorite doodle man you guys know
this guy how'd you pull my hand like
kind of now look you said I've wanted to
met on the dance floor he was working on
me and I'll hack man I'm not a guy but
like actually definitely yeah thinking
man I drink I make the vlog yes of
course you did I love this guy
no you gotta let me fuck with you first
order of business find a restroom really
got a pee
so yeah I don't know if I said this but
the whole parks to ourselves which
doesn't really apply to mark and I both
of us hate roller coasters maybe I'll
try oh my god dude look look out big now
I got go straight down that's scary I
trust myself like in a flip that that's
you're different
ah mark I just want to say I'm fine out
there buddy thank you later bye okay I
was convinced to go on that big thingy
it was really scary but we went on it
twice because it was that funny yeah it
was really smooth so yeah I mean I don't
know it's like super dark and they don't
let you even bring your phone on me so I
can't really record anything I'll try
dad I'll be able to film that much but
I'll catch up with you guys in a little
bit right guys I'm vlogging on the
iPhone I'm with Brandon they're supposed
to be a mount that I can put my phone on
so I can actually report at least one
ride we're going to try it out I don't
know if it's going to work on a fleet
good hopefully yeah hopefully it's fast
and like actually good last one we went
on with dick and I'm losing my voice
from screaming and I kinda have a cold
so we'll see okay we're about to go on
as we were coming up here I we crazy I
don't believe the lady was like try to
keep the contours to a minimal
family-friendly right here I don't cut
now we're good yeah
the curse is real pretty sure this road
scary a lot of like Daryl okay the magic
can save shall be mighty king
I'll get we're going up
oh I think it's over you guys never gone
this ride prepare your next bow guys
that is our one ride on a roller coaster
I'm pretty sure that is the only ride
with a rig set up for an iPhone so we're
going to go ahead and in the vlog here I
know I filmed a lot today so hopefully
this was a good vlog we leave tomorrow
so I not sure if I'm going to film here
tomorrow or not but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I think you guys so
much for watching and don't forget leave
like and share the fence if you enjoyed
subscribe in your lab yeah the end of
the next one so I have a tall guy do the
outro like ever my camera hey can you
cover my camera cover yeah cover the
lens
damn I thought you came and looking like
that you just may be too far
