what did you on on guys wait this is so
uneven what is doing on guys today we
are back in today I'm back with Paris
this is the day before I leave for
Florida still the day before this is my
fourth video I'm making today on that
grind bro are you on that ground that's
what I thought but yeah today we are
going to be doing the who knows me
better challenge what what yeah your
hair okay well it looks bad without the
head there you go it looks bad so I put
that on and it still looks bad what do I
do
give me no because you look like a girl
gamer or a skateboarder but yeah I've
done this challenge with my siblings and
we're quitting before basically we're
going to be riding down ten ten or
fifteen ten oh yes - but 10 or 15 I
don't really content ok we'll do 10
we're going to do 10 questions about
ourselves that the other person has to
guess or answer and whoever loses in the
end there will be a punishment I don't
know what it'll be but it'll be horrible
so yeah give us a minute we're going to
come up with 10 facts about ourselves
and then we have to guess it about each
other whoever loses the I already said
this bubble BOGO Allah make the first
three pretty easy then the second three
medium and then like the last four were
pretty hard well if I got my chin keep
taking your time I won't peek no I won't
peek alright take your time look I'm
going to sit like a cowboy while I wait
for you they always have their hat over
their eyes and I cross their arms why do
they wait in the Sun I can't think when
you're talking about 9:10 get him yeah
give me my hat - good we're done we're
ready to go no I'm not okay we've come
up with a punishment round before we get
so high yeah get in here like you like
me you're so far away what is the
punishment going to be if I win you have
to do a backflip into the foam pit off
the balcony
hell no if I win you have to go step in
the mush on the trampoline do your step
in it right now yes oh yeah you better
not lose now I'm not doing that you have
to do not not I really did backflip okay
then the back fold it is okay now what
what happens if I lose which I want what
do I have to do if you lose shut up I'm
pretty I mean if I lose I did a thing
where you jump you put your feet in the
same yeah okay if I if I win yet paired
your feet in the just anyway yeah we're
gonna go ahead and get started a
challenge what
hey let's go first me ask you yeah okay
the first question on my list I'm scared
okay
without looking I'm just gonna turn what
color are my eyes God are they blue yeah
yeah you're supposed to give girlfriend
takes you a minute to think of my eye
color you piece of crap
okay what's your first one mine was the
color of my eyes is it really yeah hazel
yeah they're like brown hazel they're
hazel I technically answered it faster
than you so you figure out one plan any
other boy for me oh yeah true okay we're
gonna keep going when is my birthday and
what year was I born keep much good
fucking Noah are you shooting me July
fine horse yes the 1999 or 2000 its 2003
per person you get a half a boy for that
is he dead 1999 alright let me add it
that was not hard though literally you
could have just done the max what is my
favorite TV show right now are like ever
Oh The Walking Dead yeah booyah she has
one half I have two on to question
number three you piece of crap how you
didn't even know what year I was born
ma my vault number three another pretty
easy one you already know this what shoe
size am I didn't I say earlier ten yeah
yeah okay hey hit me with that numbers
what is my dream car like after the
dream car or I don't know a pink Ferrari
yeah yeah there's the do party like
Jeeps
and then she likes the pink Ferrari like
no other fries she's like the pink
Ferrari so I was like every time we
played UCI she gets in her pink Ferrari
she's like uh-huh
yes I remember that but then she also
goes in jeeps like four-door hardtops is
three point you to that you're screwed
when did I graduate what month high
school last month April yep I thought
you're gonna say something stupid oh my
god do I want one I will
all of them I don't know like how many
more dogs how many dogs I don't know v
3q I like that much donkey
you said you say you like I want to
announce in a mover five dogs in my
house I don't know humans okay give me
my hat back now da how did you know
really no yeah no no I have three over
three and a half okay I'm down my hand
pointing everybody alright pick up again
nice one
you joke him in the eye whenever you do
this because I know you can't like look
around my room or anything I gotta give
it anyway no look at me what was the
original name of my youtube channel
oh god is it it like Ango and here Cosco
edgar pop go and make steel hot Thank
You Edgar reveal pot goes you said a
good good guy Cosette egg wash pot oh it
sound like you don't know English sure
that was not that hard I talk about that
all the time I would really say oh I
thought it was Edgar pot okay my turn
what is it what's gonna be favorite
thing you doing on board you're not good
is it watch Netflix yeah is it really
yeah so easy I'm not really boring isn't
always abuse oh yeah true I don't put
her in every video but we hang out like
every day after I film after she gets
out of school she starts to go to stupid
public school for now so yeah you're not
gonna get this one I guarantee you Peter
you don't know anything about me Oh what
is my absolute dream car color right no
no you don't have to say the colors I
never thought is my blue yeah that
certain type of blue okay Roger that
sort of the day I said to you a million
times the doors that go up yeah but if
my doors yeah those doors yeah Dini
yeah what kind of Lamborghini yeah isn't
it I've been to door yes you got it you
already get the doors you didn't have to
say that so way Aventadors then -
Doretta that's the door that's the model
so I've been fuck do you know the color
enough
you know I don't know what type of live
but I know it's blue Azur blue as you
were as you would I do that moon okay I
get that point okay looking hot
what's their point so now I got that one
all crap still honey you still had to
meet my half here for I have four huh
yeah favorite thing to drink Oh
chocolate milk yeah I ordered that for
every time I go to IHOP you kidding me
you think I wouldn't know that
you're not gonna get this what is my
all-time favorite video game
not including gta5 it's a college that's
part of the Caribbean online know that
already but uh that's okay let me think
you hear the courteous outside is
waiting for you are to the B I don't
want a nurse black ops one uh yeah cut
of it I want to use your brain I would
have known your favorite code is what's
one thing that you do that annoys me to
my nails yeah what else do I do that
annoys you huh I want to hear all of it
right here right now if there's okay I'm
sorry to my nails I'm trying to stop
every time I freakin edit I literally
just found myself biting my nails and I
don't even realize I'm doing it okay I'm
sorry my hair literally looks like
someone just freaking put a fan in my
face like an hour and a half okay next
one what is my favorite movie series
ties to the Caribbean yep
yeah I did not think she'd get that one
you just talk about it all the time
this one comes out this summer if you're
seeing it leave a comment down below
saying I'm seeing it hello do I always
wear Crocs
these are easy we're in like the final
stage and you're asking me this bull
crap and everything about you gave me a
long time to get this question yeah
where are you winning or I'm winning um
you're still winning by one right I have
one yeah
I can't miss one and us in this one okay
come on look you guys how many songs
have I B or an expert on guitar hero
that's mine fair at 1 2 it's 3 follow
them
oh really yeah im a banna that's not
fair I was a clutch easy question Amanda
Becky I saw a guitar girl that want me
to load it up right now and show you
you want me to show you my stance I
don't care she just missed one if I get
this home right and heck yeah okay
Ashley right now right now I want to
hear it I want to hear it right freaking
now that's a good one who do I like you
more euros you're just gonna say the
opposite
nope do you actually have one rose that
day you always say you like my dog yeah
I'm kidding yeah I thought you actually
like rose more than me Oh give me a hug
right now okay fine okay five well I
believe I ran the last one yeah yeah
you're not gonna give this one I know
you don't you don't care enough about me
deep down you know this you know my
music what is the first line of my outro
what is that guys that's my intro what
is the first line of my outro at the end
of oh well guys that is basically it for
this video no are you you piece of crap
how'd you know that you don't even watch
my video okay whatever
hold on my sister called me hey you
called in my room we want a good I hop
after we fill sailor who cares
I've seen what you look like okay we'll
figure something out all the babes I
love you ha ha bye I love you back ok
what's something that you do that I like
no not me no say what something that you
do that I like I do that you like yep
there's one night not there's two but
swing one playing with your hair
yeah wait guys they lose yeah don't
retire for me you lose the habit do I
really lose by one and a half now no yes
I'm winning no really ok I'm gonna like
review this as I'm editing am I losing
you're not tanner I don't know
are you serious I just lost your build
in this bullcrap I know you better know
what I know you better
okay what do I have to do no not much no
I got not want to no no you have to give
me a second option you have to give me a
second option because I gave you one I
get to drive your art I got for real are
you gonna crash it no I trust you driven
my challenger like three times I'm
actually really scared you want to go
right now I guess so
okay this is actually getting me right
now please just be careful be careful
I'm taking a little food to think this
is going to help me from the stress can
I be so scared right now
you've gotta wear your pink when do you
mean your red ones here you can wear my
rainbow slippers since you're so boring
alright if you wreck it you owe me like
fifty back massages oh my gosh guys no
for real this is scaring me so much
okay you know what to do no no just
leave it I like it right there okay yeah
I'm about to buckle up hi rose three big
one three big ones okay listen
put on the brake okay yeah that's a
great great there okay you have it on
the brake it's all not your left foot
your right foot I even know - really
that okay right foot on the brake case
all the way in yeah it was automatic and
put this thing down now just yet now
it's a normal car and we'll nervous
watch out for my brother's car you're
good over here you have to give it a
little bit of gas
bad driving yeah basically a normal car
until you put the gas pedal on the floor
okay just don't hit the truck and we're
almost to the end of the neighborhood
give it a little bit more gas yeah you
like that and then fun yeah yeah okay
guys we are almost at the end of the
neighborhood so we're going to go ahead
and end the video there and I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching if you guys like the videos
with parents you guys will see some more
challenges leave a comment down below
and what we should do and a little trap
now I know the breakers had you because
you just push them to the limit anyway
don't we leave like interested friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys in the next one
and peace in my heart you came in
looking like that you just maybe
