we're bringing out the big guns that
tiny little baby air compressor that
they send with that thing it doesn't do
anything so we're going to the actual
air compressor in my garage so our goal
here I guess I'm gonna have to try to
get in it and we like to keep it in the
air I don't know I'm gonna try to just
like stick my foot in here Oh put it in
foot is in that's a good sign this feels
insane on my leg hairs like oh my gosh
Simona do not bite this it says on the
commercials that I've seen that the
thing is like it's supposed to be able
to stab into a tree and be fine it's
like a bowl please like a ball
interesting oh these clothes I just do
it in my underwear like for real I think
I'm gonna have to take off my pants I'm
gonna have to take off my shorts Luther
no no God kanan it's small now it's
small we got to get air
alright we got to put air in as I'm in
it let's go hop well the video before
this one was just so fun right okay it
was interesting yeah okay well what do
you want on guys today we are back in
today the third video of today but yeah
today we are back and today we have
pulled up it's kind of chilly out which
sucks but you know we have three wobble
bobble balls I got these from Walmart
we have a green level volleyball we have
a pink level Bubble Ball and we have the
same level of all the blue ones I'm here
with Quentin now what's what now
hi that's not sweet is fern glowsticks
yep so yeah we just filmed this mess
over here that was a that was something
we tried to do it thousand mile an hour
thousand degrees fidget spinner video
thousand degrees thousand mile an hour
spinners I better get a thousand views
or I'm going to be mad but yeah we're
going to try the green one first because
it's the ugliest and then that one and
then the blue and again so yesterday's
failed but we're going to try it again
all these kids look like they're inside
it maybe I could just fake it like they
did this is like a big jumble yeah it is
we're going to try to get in this don't
know if it's going to work if it does
I'm hopping on the trampoline and that's
what's going to happen I learned we
can't use that air compressor it's not
enough air we need a leaf blower a thing
we have one here so we're just going to
you know put my head in first probably
put a leaf blower just try to blow it up
try to get me inside of it and then
we'll just try to latch it back on my
neck maybe have to duct-tape it I don't
know come on cord I need your help
yes yes on I have a piece of gum in once
I get inside this if I get inside it I'm
going to bubble last time we ripped it
too big we need to cut this little hole
yeah over all over oh okay a lot of work
might have worked okay turn it on here
you hold it down an alternate on okay
please work this would be so cool to
work ready three two
well there you get in there I'm going to
stick my head in it I guess first yeah
stick my head in I'll grab one side you
grab one side I put my head too oh it's
a little our July I'm in no can you see
me I can't see out but okay here get the
leaf blower
stick it in park I build my Babylon wood
there's an oxygen so now I feel like our
just do it's hard to breathe in here
it's a leaf blower stick it in the side
like right here go well burning on
where's the old
and
turn it off oh my god in his life
yeah alright go back on
he really liked all of the back out onto
working
Wow ah I'm upset okay that was literally
the scariest thing ever
building a birdie birdie close it's like
condom challenge times den oh okay well
that was the first try so we're going to
go ahead move the extender go to the
trampoline try with the pink one next I
don't know if it's gonna work but that
was so scary
attempt number two luckily it underwear
we can't go wrong dude this is going to
work have to the pink one would be cool
if it works so let's give it another try
this time Quentin's going to try to like
worm it down my body as you guys can
tell didn't really work last time like
that
all right got it Paul there's a hole
down here what the heck there's a whole
hole in it we didn't even make that
whole way but we're going to tear it
anyways let's just tear it towards the
hole oh I know that's all the way down
there here I'll try to get in this hole
you keep blowing it through this hole oh
this is so screwed up
okay
I didn't work if it already has a hole
it doesn't work that's that that one
pops big time we only have one more try
it this guy's we're gonna add this to
the garbage pile yeah the final attempt
with the blue one come on it has to work
it just has let's get more jinsol yeah
jinsol we're gonna take it really even
so should we just try exactly what we
tried that without a hole is what we did
the very I just want my body in it like
that's it well we're gonna like pay for
something like once you get in it we
have a whole dissertation okay yeah go
get tight we're gonna have a big piece
of paper ready to go
when I put in first my head yeah well
yeah yeah wait let me go back for so
this isn't clickbait oh my god this is
so hard
you're like really get over so you don't
like it I know three still one Holly
crap I get a leaf blower ready yes come
over here okay communications are over
Oh Harper because it's like more this
way so it can be up your back we're
going to put it over my arms open
and RIT weren't yeah that again
we'll just keep longer okay look it just
wrapped up the back like you just limo
don't love it anymore just keep trying
no I'm just saying like every time we
move it at Richmond preparing wolf I
just got to get inside to make it all
not going to offer good all we got to do
is get it under my feet if we see that
it wouldn't cease the air from leaving
here put it up here again and it's try
to go fast
a few moments later
yeah it were pulled apart around
Oh yesterday come here doesn't read I
can't
I know blaze
oh my god guys I'm a frickin little baby
right now
get around the date we're gonna try to
blow it up like do one foot I'll do a
quickie front over bags Obamacare
one eternity later
living what
yeah that breakin cows okay I don't even
care guys literally God been in this
thing for like an hour now is really
going to cut that aren't you yeah I'm
gonna cut it a lot oh my god I've been
sitting in this little freaking plastic
dungeon for so long so please please
leave a like I swear if you dislike this
video because the styles to click maybe
I will be very upset you know why I'm
like a little chicken oh come on it will
blow it up it would rip more than we
have to grab wall yeah you grab more and
then you try to close it more and then
you're like okay let's just grab all the
clothes part it doesn't work it just
keeps ripping more every time it gets
blown up it's just not meant for a human
to be inside this I have three giant
six-foot water balloons on the way we're
going to do some videos with that with a
leaf blower that would be fun this is
just not just can't baby a little human
yeah maybe like a baby
maybe Breanna that's his girlfriend um
so yeah maybe whenever have my son with
life of teenage that series maybe then I
will uh maybe I'll stick him in this
that's what serial killers do never mind
Oh God ah I just got the world's biggest
song on wait this is still on
technically landed it this is still on
technically I'm in a bubble and leave a
like for that I don't know you're going
in the trash pile wow that was an
experience yeah okay you guys saw how
fast the bubble was vibrating
that was such slamming against my ears
it hurt so bad so loud in there yeah I
didn't want to think about being anyway
yeah it hurts like that you people a
bubble bubble need to improve your
product can you make it thicker and fly
conversation well I don't know if this
video was a fail or not that was we did
it I did a backflip with it and you you
got in it all the ways your hands needed
back within that so yeah leave it like
if you guys enjoyed this video I mean we
tried but yeah we're going to go ahead
and end the video there and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you so much
for watching don't you leave like each
other but if you enjoyed subscribe you
know and I'll see you guys the next one
you came in looking like that you just
made me
