facetime 17th Stephen Pappy Pappy
birthday you need to come over as soon
as possible like within an hour I got a
huge surprise for you here
yeah come come hurry hurry goodbye bye
yeah you too what is go my guys today
we're back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day and it's till his
birthday so known as 17th Stephen or Mel
and digital he kind of disappeared off
the face of this channel for a month or
two or three or five but he was here for
nice jana√≠na games and today's his
birthday January 2nd it would have been
so cool if he was born on the 1st would
have been born at the turn of the
century so here's the thing about his
birthday we have him on his way because
I have a pretty awesome video idea
playing and it is going to be sliding
behind my alright you guys already know
it I know he wants to go out in the 9
degree weather with me and slide behind
my car maybe on concrete grass we don't
have any snow but I guess his real gift
will be to watch avatar with me
The Last Airbender best freaking show
ever I'm not one for anime but I love
this show and I've been watching it all
night cuz I'm on that every other day
bro grind guys I'm not that mean I won't
be getting him something for his
birthday I'm gonna watch some avatar
I'll see you guys when dealing this here
there's the scallop now with his brother
and his stepbrother I think dude you can
vape ah ok come on let's go look at it
mommy wanna come it's pretty dope it's
pretty crazy
Munna knows what it is she's so excited
it's in the external garage right now
dude dude dude what is Petrus we're
going sledding behind my r8 on a
mattress they'll probably be a real gift
in a little bit but for now you guys
want to be a part of this yeah yeah yeah
we got to find a way to tie it there but
we'll do it in the side yard we don't do
it on concrete and it's gonna be cold as
hell but hey so this is our three rope
options yellow it looks the strongest I
don't trust this at all this one's
pretty long figure it out but we're
watching avatar right now if we go warm
up for a little bit yeah one avatar late
so we got the medium-sized road we got
some ducks a beat I'd it right there and
right there and we kind of made it work
we cut a hole in the mattress with the
sword and then ran it through I think
it'll work who wants to go first
Milind she will I guess you guys will
just carry the mattress when I back up
my car we'll get
beside your cold start to make sure your
Karen fall
you got it we're good yeah we're good
thank God for the backup camera so I can
see what's going on just hold onto the
sides of it I think it'll work fine I'll
have a GoPro for you
we'll just dodges the trampolines and
maybe go under the net maybe rob a bank
I don't know I'm just gonna tuck and
roll this it's so cold if we mess up
this will hurt bad fredy ready you
better stick around for the show
we gallon we're actually ready now okay
are you moving guys it's moving he's
moving yep
those
get off
they made the dream Oh tree oh wow she
bit the hell out of my leg father hey me
Oh
oh my god it works yes all right guys
I'm taking over the main camera we got
Tanner in the car and Kyle's Kyle's on
the GoPro hey if Luna gets on you just
tell her no just say no get off me
when I get off the phone
right now oh crap no no no no no dude
the UH foam on your face everything good
yeah I'm good
oh okay you good my good I was awesome
yeah yeah the Rope definitely just
snapped
I'm gonna make sure my car's okay you're
good though I think everything's fine
see I put it on the strongest part right
here do we want to do any more look we
already made some we're gonna try to
retie it because I never even got to go
but if it doesn't work then maybe we'll
tie it to my Challenger let's see what
kind of dog poop we're dealing with on
the bottom of this no not not really any
to my surprise I definitely smell it
though
yes we're gonna give it another go guys
have you ever driven it alright just
take it easy oh my god oh my god
my own card we're doing it baby
the tree though
yeah
that was fun anybody else want to go
again no it's cool this is cold
hey good yeah there you go okay we're
gonna do a little edit I'm just gonna
drive around have a little bit of fun in
the RA on the side yard another weird he
made these tracks but that was so much
fun
and we ended up with just some grass
stains and some foam and a little bit of
mud on the inside that is it guys that
was the most fun thing I've ever done
with my car I literally mowed the yard
look how much grass did you guys see any
of that out the window
yes did you hear any of it yes hey Dylan
does it smell like anything up here
sounds good like Febreze then my plan
worked because I took my first in here
oh yeah I just went to the bathroom
spray too much of a breeze look I'm just
proud I was the first one to do it
I don't think I'll ever dude I made
myself like it took a while buddy have
you seen the side yard yet no we we we
mowed the yard my RA just made tracks
did it work yeah it worked it was fun we
got bacon pasta with what is that finish
I stepped it up a notch and got the real
parmesan this time so it's gonna be good
and I have extra of this oh yeah okay I
gotta tell you a secret
come here so guys we just ate dinner and
I just finished the card for dill and it
says milling on it with a line that goes
across it pretty fancy you don't just
love to go eat a birthday dinner with
his family and I have this card for him
with a $500 Best Buy gift card in it I
didn't know if I wanted to get him a
camera or like one of those gigantic
speakers like I got I know I know a gift
card is pretty boring but I wanted him
to be able to decide whatever it is that
he wants even if his name's millon so
we're gonna teleports at the part of the
vlog when he gets here
we should pop millon thank you we got
you a card hello every random person Oh
take a little guard
thank you yes $500 the best place you
can go in there and grab whatever you
want and then leave and be like it's
mine can we please redo that kiss uh-huh
my birthday right
happy birthday one's had like little
girly stuff
you're 18 18 like wow New Year's
cupcakes work out just fine miss
delights me
now you're glad I bother trying to get
it out of the bathtub Tanner I'm gonna
borrow this yeah no place like okay
happy birthday buddy buddy buddy trap
remix rub above a birthday to you
remember Bubba oh by the way there's a
gift that you and Quentin are both gonna
get in between your birthdays for a vlog
sweetie come on strangers have a cupcake
you directed up that's the uncle he's
pretty funny you must not let the
Lightning pass your heart used to watch
the show then go on the trampoline a
backflip and then I go in the pool and
water Ben I know you both did
but yeah guys we were gonna go ahead and
in this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it think I was watching and
definitely like John throws you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
next one I freaking love you Tang Clan
you just maybe
