what if you own guys today we are back
in today I'm on the hoverboard as you
can see I'm getting them gliding shots
with the tripod today we're back this is
the second video I'm making today I'm on
guess what we're doing we're burning
something yes you got it I don't know
she yeah yeah the big ones in the bar oh
you're going to get the medium
trampoline from up there we're just
going to get the really small one just
because the really small one really
sucks and we want to keep the medium one
for jumping off the railing and it's
kind of stuck inside the rails a little
yeah we want to keep the little big
mediums in my medium easy hard ones that
was office fun from Gary we can do this
the hard way or the easy way or the
medium way or the semi medium easy hard
way so that's how you want to play it
huh but yeah today we got this
trampoline and I got this idea from
Tanner Fox P other youtubers have done
this so shout out Tanner Foxx my boy you
should be coming down to Kansas soon so
we're going to make a ton of videos to
your indoor foam pit we're gonna get the
pool warmed up it's going to be sick but
today we have one of these fitted
spinners ok shout out to another shout
out to my cousin Logan he got me this
metal one because I had a plastic one
for my pill box opening yesterday didn't
have a metal one and of course you can't
really make a red-hot glowy one with
plastic so he hooked me up with this and
we have a chips holder you know keeps
your chip from getting stale you know
closes the bag but we also have an air
compressor and this thing is like really
good it won't fall out and I yeah if you
guys don't know if phidget spinners
alright let me show you real quick
they're just these little things and you
just hold them in your finger and you
hit it and they just basically spin for
a long time I don't know why but they're
super addicting I've been doing this for
like two hours did this as I edited my
last video so yeah we're about to go to
the garage we got this little trampoline
we have or the glowstick end yeah I said
it someone s most we're going to install
it on the table if we got a bunch of
glow sticks and fan mail so we're going
to try to put this through one of those
there it is yeah right there and what
else we might do a foam block so we
grabbed one out of the we always do a
foam block we're going to grab one out
of the indoor foam pit real quick so
yeah we're going to head off to my
garage hopefully not burn down this
house not planning on that you're going
to melt that no mom the things literally
freaking perfect do not doubt me we made
a makeshift thing you saw I don't get
burnt this thing still might melt we
don't know yet but
all midterms we're going to the second
garage because that's where the air
compressor is the thing looks thick dude
every time I see those spring pads over
there I just get sad knowing there's no
Springs I can't just falling down but
first things first we're going to see if
we can even like spin it really fast
without it falling off hopefully it does
not hit my car that would make me you
said so subtraction from the disease I
think it's the duct tape ah which is do
happen look at how fast that's going oh
thank you oh not like falling out a
little bit but it's definitely fast
enough this is going to carve right into
that phone once it's heated up we got to
heat it up I know we don't know if this
is going to work we don't know if it's
gonna get red-hot we don't know anything
right it doesn't look like the plastic
melting yet attempt number two I don't
know if this is going to work or not Oh
Oh guys don't burn my plastic guys is
not getting red red hot you think that
air is going to cool it down so it is
cold out right so I mean mate look it is
so melted let's try to spin it real
quick and I'll do it
no get out of there well baby brother
spinner and every minor we did not think
this through look you can see the
plastic just kind of melted to it cause
it still spins itself red there's still
have a chance
we need a clamp we need to do it the
actual way okay okay we're going to go
get a claim Oh Quentin unready we went
to a hardware store and we are we went
overboard but I can't see anything okay
we got this big metal clamp look it just
closes like that should be able to hold
this thing and this thing's all melted
sticky now so it'll stick great to warm
pull the driver we've gone like 30
minutes pretty good
ah save easy number one boy oh you're
not sucking with a hair or you can for
yourself
look it's Louis's pitch quickly black
and maybe that you I see a window you
can do the sort I want to look like a
professional then that's light your face
huh ha ha ok let's save the chain
language this is home lock first ok I'm
actually very excited though it out that
time not to worry about the frickin
plastic melting listed on this
trampoline you are we actually going to
wear this well I can't see anything
red hot I see a tiny bit of red hook
that's not Photoshop on the thumb now I
promise we're in it keeps us going for
like five minutes I guess and just see
what happens
get rid you can read everybody's getting
something yo yeah I don't know if yes
you see it here what's moving very
slowly
yo check it out how still red hot look
at it's red hot yeah
why should we here I'll hold this I'll
hold these two you go get the air
compressor okay remove all the air
things ready
look see hot it's like like dokdo hot
pink with the new Jesus
oh yeah going straight through the water
pinch it all up hold up there you go
there you go Philip good you know yo
never I got people that you cold no
that's all it did forget so hot it's
like the metal is attracted to the metal
so it won't go fast look I think we
melted the look it's like a little tiny
thing now we mouse is a fidget spinner
good old where to go to the trampoline
yo your feet up pick it off we're not
ready I feel up to this finish up the
list we go get a new city center BRB
each Quinton okay we got a three more
when Walmart still that one's definitely
plastic these are debatable we don't
know if this is going to work we're
trying so hard guys we've gone to three
different stores we're trying to make
this work I really want it to work so
we're going to set is that down we're
going to try the foam cube again that's
been all straight once I flicked it oh
there we go
yeah all of that went through the
trampoline a little bit just from
sitting there while we were gone be this
gonna caught fire we're stupid
trampolines already burn a little bit
yeah we're going to try the white one
first since it's a piece of crap
all of it lucky because it's so fat
oh my god so fast
and this plastic so plastic
let's check them all on fire and then
we'll just hey look is metal on the
inside right now
and okay we put the fire out yeah I know
I touch it touching this clipper are you
kidding me dude look at the freaking
fell out it literally felt like what
you're telling me that is plastic
knowing okay I like the red one the most
we're going to use this one next this is
a little bit less of plastic we think
it's really hard you can't bend it
I didn't lock it just do the back foot
please don't burn it's flattening out
plastic they're all plastic here let's
just put it through the phone this is
nothing to fail dude I'm so fit look at
this fault
are you joking me okay well I'm going to
save that other that it's been it's
pretty fun we're going to try this metal
one one more time this is more of a
nighttime activity the handles this is
getting hot now but through the
glowstick and maybe through the
trampoline if it works I don't know okay
yes let it down spinning through the
glowstick maybe can you get a physical
stick oh look at that blue that volcano
look it just goes right through the
trampoline to blue looks like a volcano
legit look like I said on that it just
falls through like even this thing at
hot enough to pierce through are you
kidding me so cool well giving my truck
parks over that well okay yeah we tried
everything we could with this thing once
you heat it up it just won't spend
there's nothing you can do once it gets
heated up the metal on metal just won't
let it spin anymore it gets too hot and
there's too much you know whatever
particles you know Hama I'm 10 or 9
disguised guy and that's how it's going
to be so it's sails this myth is busted
oh it's not it's possible so what
anything else we should do I mean I'm
this town gleam looks good yeah
like to tip off a little hold on open up
they want in oh there we go
come on drip out drip out yeah it is
everywhere oh it's like a stream
what oh it's like burning up the strings
looks so cool keep it burning so it all
falls out yeah
come on all of it fall out already
oh just looks like Tabasco sauce for a
year uh-huh
you would did that I was in with my
husband and the trampolines on fire now
okay well guys and I guess that is it
for this video we tried we find a failed
it was still fun we got we got a cool
mask so that's all the matters set that
right there for my necklace right yeah
for now that is it for this video and I
hope you guys enjoyed anything yet so
much for watching don't really like
ensure the friendship you enjoyed
subscribe canoe and I'll see you guys in
the next one
what the heck
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe too far
