not good yeah uh-huh on pay attention on
basketball
15:3 solid I heard like now you guys
like EMS seconds thank you cuz it's
father yeah two weeks ago yep
I'm overhead me this morning we just got
reinsurance my line so I guess these are
the two you bought this yeah you do
now YouTube I'm going to be married
because my neighbor Cosby yeah probably
yeah Chris is his name yep okay
so I got pulled over and not good but
this cop seems really cool so I would
going 13 over wasn't even paying
attention I usually don't speed and if I
do it's like on a really empty road that
I make sure it's like completely empty
but hey to weeks without getting pulled
over that's pretty good taking a long
time and I'm really scared I've never
gotten an actual ticket like on my
record before so this would be my first
time hoping he lets me off even though I
was going a little bit over okay
am I here to collect people's money yeah
yeah helps makes you a good man yeah
another missing caballo yeah I wasn't
even meaning Jabba yeah I thank you so
much all right nope are you that was
legit for you yeah I hope you follow
that video when you buy when I bought it
Yeah right
what exactly is your channel well I make
vlogs like whatever we're doing for the
day or whatever and then I starting out
yeah so now doing like trampling videos
so we do like trampoline verses and like
put stuff on it and do flips and that
was like kind of started but now it's
like just whatever we're doing
challenges oh yeah yeah it's kind of
just everyday now so pretty cool yeah
thank you will Congrats man yeah thank
you right to do it
I'm actually on my way to get Paris from
school right now so I want to be a
little bit late for that but but I've
been falling over now like five times
but three of them I was doing nothing
wrong it was just for the plate on my
car and one of them I didn't have my
lights on on accident but out of all
five that is the first night pop I've
dealt with say hey I continued with the
clock that's probably going in
tomorrow's video that one good good one
yeah that's pretty cute I don't like to
do it so what is going on guys my mom
just brought by all this stuff we got
three bubble bubbles for that other
video and yeah we're about to go hard
today we're about to make a lot of
videos but real quick I got a tweet out
for the Q&A if you guys don't follow me
on Twitter to follow - what is going to
be involved in the Q&A because why
wouldn't you want to be involved I don't
wanna be in ville I make you read me the
questions I have - I don't know how to
read you know the hashtag ask Tanner
questions we need people to ask like we
need people to go deep you know not just
when I sleep in a carpet store yeah
Clinton or Taylor Taylor Rose rose or
Tristan
Luna Rose you got a dig deep so what's a
hashtag ass tanner
click question fav color you know there
might actually be some people out there
that don't know my favorite color is it
blue it's blue look blue
I really care anything besides green
what do you ever get the green it's just
not an appealing thing to look at how do
you feel about wasting money and being
rich because of YouTube well what's it
like what does he mean wasting money
well you bought a car that you want
that's a ways yeah I hate making myself
happy when I work hard ah but real
though I saw coming there was like he's
just waiting for his next paycheck
customize his car here's the thing like
I don't just spend every penny I have
like nobody knows my life like Quentin's
the only person that knows and my mom
and my brother and sister and everybody
you ever had a near-death experience oh
yeah you're supposed to be reading these
to me aren't you
my white now a near-death experience
your death experience well the other day
I was rubbing rubbing my eye like you
and your videos I'm kidding the other
day I was riding my hoverboard and I hit
it against the door coming into my room
oh he's probably could've done it was
rows one two rooms no someone said how
bad was public school for me 11 out of
10 you know I'm gonna let you find the
deep question it's just a 6 out of 9 for
me Quentin's gonna find the deep
questions I hate or legging in the
videos like this like so screwed it up
have you made a embarrass yourself in
school you ever had an embarrassing
moment at school and he does not have
time to say yeah every time you walked
in the door
oh I don't know I didn't really do
anything in school besides look at the
floor and be like man I really want to
get out of here will you ever become
vape mantan it'd be vague God Todd if I
was ever a vape God but now that's my
phrase why is that your phrase quite I
thought you quit
no you're stealing it I maybe I can't
quit if you never started we want what
is Paris's middle name it's Renee I
think I'm kidding yes I know it's Renee
I'm a good boyfriend I know how deep is
your bellybutton centimeter recently no
way that'd be bad
how tall are you I still think I'm 5/8
I've been sigh Bay for like a year now
pretty sad check it out look I stretch
marks on my back didn't see the stretch
marks I don't know - miss TMI they are
gay yeah
I have stretch marks on my back from
growing but I don't know why they're
there because I'm not getting any
tolerant maybe
in risk yeah maybe it's these these
these guns uh I need the odor hold on
you've talked another question I need
the other okay
yo this deodorant check it out been
using the same deodorant safe sixth
grade got it for gym class you can see
it's almost completely odd you think
you've ever used a dude or how long no I
just get bored and throw it away and buy
a new one this one's pretty sick like
disgusting I've had it forever I just
clicked off would you be doing if you
never got famous on YouTube I've been
school still trying
we're over going into a site uh we argue
on xbox like one thing we were trying to
say who is right about something that's
like the only time in corn I've ever
fought now we got around 51 mm-hmm other
than that we don't really fight we just
kind of make fun of everything and I go
okay what base are you in Paris that
wasn't me have you guys kissed once one
time Wow
just gross I liked it better with you
how's your side pain doing oh I have
thoughtful fellow yeah having talked
about that I'm like forever so as you
guys know I had surgery on my like
stomach and like my you know up there so
they had to like go down my throat with
the tube and like get a camera and see
what was wrong I really talked about
this but that doctor is supposed to be
like one of the best in America for that
certain thing and I talked with her and
we did a bunch of tests and stuff
basically I was feeling pain from how
much stress and anxiety I had and I was
just going through a really hard time
for like from the end of summer all the
way to like February I'd like to say
whenever I stressed out and stuff like
all of that mental stuff 90% of the
stress molecules or whatever she was
talking about goes to your stomach like
you feel the pain down there and it was
like literally just a horrible horrible
pain and I still feel like a little bit
sometimes just when I get stressed out
with YouTube and like stuff even though
I'm like not stressed out right now I'm
making four videos in one day I'm
chilling
my dad's call me I'm not going to answer
that I'm telling stories sorry pops cops
but yeah now I have an exciting medicine
I take it twice a day and I'm basically
the same person it doesn't make me any
happier Sattar anything it just makes me
less worried like my personality doesn't
stress it's my anxiety my conscience
which is just annoying because I can't
control that and I know a lot of you
guys probably dealt with that if you're
around my age maybe a little bit younger
or older so yeah if you guys have been
dealing with that for a long time you
feel anything like that definitely go to
a doctor get some help because I try
fight it and I thought if I got on
medication I wouldn't be the same person
I was like oh my god I'm gonna be boring
on YouTube on medication that
makes me a bah bah bah let's call my dad
back real quick hello making a video
yeah
I'm making a QA with Q dog makan what's
up sis have you read any of the comments
on that video with you yeah they're
pretty funny love is do you buy we new
games just sucks yeah what's your
favorite part of us
favorite part about Kansas less traffic
than LA that's like the only thing has
above LA and less populated so the same
thing you can speed down the road
usually apparently not because the title
is videos me getting pulled over what's
the biggest pet peeve what really grinds
your gears makes you a little little my
brother Tristan okay I have a question
for my bean bag why does it shed so much
so you literally just pull on a little
bit and then maybe you shouldn't pull
out my dogs do it there's literally
giant clumps of hair when have you felt
your biggest adrenaline rush to pet you
can't do that your biggest adrenaline
rush is whenever you burn my carpet
funniest or worst fan experience so if
you guys know the meet-and-greet we had
in Philadelphia it was a New York
Philadelphia I think it I think this one
was actually New York but there was a
youtuber there I don't know how many
subscribers at the end like at least
100k or something is your jack too horny
to hurry or something like that so there
was a youtuber there that came there to
meet me and I felt really bad like I
should have known who this kid was he
had seen a video of his but this kid
made a video about meeting me and like
we did a backflip together on stage and
it was all cool and stuff but he was
like I have a youtube channel and
talking to me about it and like I
shoulda known who he was I didn't then I
felt really bad so I guess I was the
worst fan experience I never really have
any like awkward fan experiences I think
we're doing two more meet and greets
this year maybe three I know we're doing
one in Texas and we're doing one in
Chicago maybe California
not sure mm-hmm we'll do three more
three more that's a 20 minute clip yeah
three more questions do you sleep with
socks on
sometimes it depends if I have enough
energy to take them off do you sleep
with gloves on gloves no you sleep with
a hat off
that doesn't count it's very one more
serious question okay we're digging deep
deep down in the QA
one thing you fear about the future you
my god robots are gonna get it the
gorillas you're gonna come one thing I
fear about the future they won't make
more Guitar Hero's and what if I got
kicked out of rhombus Academy no you
can't any triangle take you maybe
octagon has some opening okay guys we're
going to go ahead and in this queue and
I hear that was something it was mean
Quentin sitting on my beanbag being
stupid for 23 24 minutes it'll be 25 by
the time you're done Katherine oh you
guys only see 10 minutes of it so yeah
we're going to go spin this for a video
or do the stuff with this but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and say yes I'm
much for watching definitely like a
chair in front of you George and
Stephanie I'll see you guys the next one
today my boss it ain't my fault unique
n-no I know how our camera
I thought you came and looking like that
you just made me fall
