first back to the PIO box otherwise the
new tripod is amazing yes a little bit
higher than the old one but there's a
lot to it that's when you said come on
in today currently joining me the
bathtub not Clinton or Dylan or any
other guy a girl so today
oh crap alone let me go get the baja
blustery so yeah I think I read about
the title of this video we are going to
be doing the mountain dew baja blast
screens is from Taco Bell and I've
actually made these like myself we're
doing a do-it-yourself as you can see we
have a bunch of mountain dew and blue
Gatorade you get cool frost gatorade and
you get regular Mountain Dew and when
you mix them together that's what is
actually in the baja blast i believe and
then they just put it in ice machine and
it mixes around and makes it a fries but
we don't have an Icee machine we have a
bathtub though so we're going to stick
it in here and then i have two of the
actual drinks so we can see if it you
know even looks like it me and i don't
know if it will but we just went to Taco
Bell and then this magister on it cuz i
was drinking and she didn't want her so
every new to the channel and you know it
I'm like in love with Taco Bell always
loves Taco Bell and I'm in my underwear
with my girlfriend this time not with my
boyfriend peg don't touch my little butt
I want to start just grab whatever you
want and start pouring it in oh I'm
gonna make sure the drain everything all
right let's mix pellet yeah Kevin there
you go easy the man they're making it
cool little yeah that's about the same
so we're good I hope it fills the
bathtub which was talking to know they
can see a better look gusto
yeah no it's awesome Quinn throw it
there's probably a lot more rounded
oozing Gatorade but Yolo this looks
freaking awesome okay no more no more
true Oh
why what'd you tell her wasn't going to
be cold as you do with me bye yeah still
cold guys I have an idea
check this out ready I was like - cool
I'm Tanner Nye the Science Guy
flip it straight up again hold it
straight up like them Jennifer down he's
working my fourth time being in a mask
of a pop there's more than an anti-human
role of darkness Hey well my son I'm not
sitting yeah yes be part of the rules
okay you ready
well guys does it look like it at all
it's too dark to see this looks still
blue in the camera it's ridiculous we
did everything we could do now time to
add the water we got to make this thing
more filled hey what are you doing in
Seoul yeah Oh screw you all the cut on
the bottom of my pot just remember that
aren't you you're saying yes I know okay
we just made a warm table not freeze
she's folding on my nipple hairs no I do
not want to do this right now
I will waxes lick okay Thomas is
everybody all right okay don't forget to
hold on going and the cup no not like
that like this great final touches all
gonna make cold again we just made it
warm MA three two one yeah this is the
best back balm ever okay oh yeah this is
like the weirdest fact literally just
like a balloon here use your knife yes
got it just feel this good this is from
mr. Wong this is a cool tag endeavor can
we just take a second let's put a
rainbow duct tape they can spin a
somebody's packages are really cool but
let me get up top oh is it a book itself
all at the diner ads this is like the
best packaging strategy ever dope thrown
on me girl I guess you are new here oh
this is freaking almost a gun it's like
oh this is on little black down and all
over the back is you want to be your
gamer girl self so you're Bernie's wear
my hat on
yeah okay no more this was from Justin
Wagner in a security box this a rubber
chicken is fine
yeah oh my oh my god I open it oh listen
hey standing with your freakin knife is
it crown okay
just from Club Penguin I think it is
that no maybe I don't know see we were
just watching say they texted closing
1:30 so all the ketchup chips I've never
tried to ketchup chips before
let's give it beyond you're actually
really good in Connolly
you never eat you have to route minute
shot is actually so good I thought
they'd be gross you don't like it I love
it it's pretty good
thank you bro he also sent me some more
Kenya that's definitely not from here
I heard car everybody said he wouldn't
be back talking about them a black lady
Guyardo that is the most bubble wrap
package of ever see oh oh
Kevin some paprika pirate thing on it
how did you know I like Pirates of the
Caribbean bro oh wait I've talked about
it like 50 times that's that's probably
100 I got our detectives from
the ketchup let first deer cater my name
is Justin and I'm from Canada
you are my favorite youtuber and
inspired me to make my own videos in
this jar are some video ideas and candy
is from Canada it would mean a lot to me
if you could shout out on my channel
boof universe keep up the amazing work
and they need to a faces must thank you
do love this awesome and this was
probably guy that said the car and the
pirate thingy hey my name is Aldo kids
now I live in New Jersey and I am your
biggest fan and I have a youtube channel
called feein and crew can you please put
this in one of your videos you've
inspired me so much it ain't my fault
talking about Hannah
thank you although it's that is how you
save thing I think is and next time
there's a lot of package distress we're
going slow oh where does my night show
hi this one is from bobbi cedar Mason
what not eat eat kid pick up young lady
they can't hear you in the back okay
there's a lot of air all their stuff is
bottom them are get out of my bathtub
actually my mom's a book you know no get
head sit quite nice cheese puffs I think
the sour patch kids for Dylan but I'm
gonna even and then they gave me just a
whole I think I talked about this in the
overnight focus challenge yeah dude can
you please just finish this video that
means oh rockband
what I created about this today there's
any a finished and I've never use one of
these literally never wow this feels
weird
how does this keep going please open up
it ain't never I love your vids keep it
up from Mason that would be a very short
and sweet letter Thank You Mason you
know I could read like every letter if
they roll like that but no I feel like
Devon waters pretty Memphis means yeah
but bless you in advance for your next
please
this is so cool - what the Frick okay
okay I can't just stop what if I did is
what if I went like and it's gonna sell
okay no I'm excited
this one is from amazon fulfillment
services
I do not see your name anywhere I think
fuckin fuzzy ages 8 and up they send me
a red Audi r8 and this still in the
freaky box and then send me a blue
Challenger you guys that it's freaking
awesome I think if you're more packages
hopefully you'll figure out there for me
Bella
easy that name is really familiar I
think I've gotten some from you before
so thank you so much
these cars are awesome thank you and
they come with remote controls - and
ridet you retail receiver I want to see
your reading ah Bridget now as penis
paper I thought just read the first one
my name is Isaac your channel my name is
Isaac I live in Olathe Kansas hey you're
from Kansas - it's done that no no that
is so cool
Parris quite lucious is there one of me
the better be one of me for real double
cannon there we go look they put these
in the babies out of the tree bro they
made our names out of woods out for real
this is so awesome and then they give me
a bag of little action figures oh
there's a shark tooth necklace I'm gonna
stick this right here and make this
whole thing a necklace please oh you
thought I was lying
thank you and a bubble bubble bowl
strongest bubble bubble ever made oh and
can't forget you I might make a video so
many students to thank you I've always
wanted one and I got one at a meeting
three but I didn't want to ring it on
the plane but yeah well maybe we should
do that for video trampling trick inside
a woven bubble bowl this is a handy oh
this one's boredom Xbox five Xbox but I
think I did a stuffed animal and it
sells
oh my Sydney and Xbox carrot in case -
the Xbox one buddy's coming this motor
racing
no.13 snapping and I thought with almost
adjusters
really look at me there's a giant prison
whole box full of glow sticks we got to
do a video with that thank you translate
verses blows thank you to grab maybe the
poisonous yes let's drink it we're
getting a lot of useful packages I like
look at it this thing is freaking huge
and it came with a little remote and a
turtle you like turtles because I was
going down your road and then you told
me how I should run over the turtle I
didn't even see a turtle II my big
squish and laughs sonali two more emojis
this one has a little thing to go on
your keys and one more each and we're
done yeah yeah oh yeah I bet you I bet
you want to get out of here yeah my body
model Bobby stinky ah this big flip a
rainbow boxes problem Breanna and Oh any
toe blood Tobias I think I stand up for
this one go my famous it's got inflated
book what oh my gosh so this is all
rainbow stop look are you kidding me
check this
Tanner drum Dart this happy golden like
my wall or something in the basement
this is so cool hey Tanner my name is
brie from Pittsburgh and I walk your
videos every day after school I've been
watching you since around 500,000
subscribers my favorite type of videos
you do or your fan mail opening from the
bathtub everything in this box has a big
theme because I love the concept of it I
hope you enjoyed the painting with your
name on it it a my hall piece Breanna
Thank You Brianna let's check out this
full package you got a sandy this is
literally oh it's just from like Mario
Kart or something I think I swear I've
seen this somewhere but a rainbow star
pillow and then a whole thing of
skittles I still double back pack both
kills you know that I'm what is this a
good night in yo this is
slippers you could be slipper proof
emoji what
oh and there's an Audi r8 in here are
you kidding me there's an OG gum emojis
gonna freakin slip are these just
replaced the crop temporarily of course
but oh my god and look at this knife
okay
even the freakin plated rainbow oh my
freaking God I am so genuinely excited
right now
trampoline versus sticky notes okay I
was like all right these are all video
ideas you should become a youtuber and I
should quit
gum yeah it is sharpie and then a big
bag of Sour Patch Kid so freaking holy
crap Thank You Brianna this is dope
sorry the flipper said they were a
different side when I ordered them are
you kidding me did not apologize you
took your time to order me something but
there's an item or the slippers with an
R in the other I love you oh and that's
real gum in the candy machine thank you
so freakin much : what try the gum real
quick before we in the video how do you
make emoji gum okay what I love to do
one you want a happy face glasses here
we'll both try some glasses running
pretty good I like it tastes like some
gyal mi got a Mexican restaurant room
well guys holy crap thank you so much
everyone this is stuff this feel
Bottomly with them saying thanks parents
for coming out and joining me yeah I
think I don't watching this video in
don't be a bleep like a chairs bench to
enjoyed subscribe me to help you get to
the next one I feel boxes in the
description if you gather most anything
also go follow me on Instagram Twitter
and snapchat up on the description as
well
self-promoted him why not in today my
fault i really want to throw something
at a camera by Dominic a break I just
got a new lens in the new tripod so
there's no problem the problem okay yeah
oh heck yeah
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe fall
