what did yo my guys today we were back
in today I about this shirt and this
jacket like a month ago and I just never
wore it I just put it in the bottom of
that thing and just never even wore it
and now that I have it on I don't really
like it I'm just not a camo guy I'm more
of a bright-colored you know I'm a
clickbait guy you know what I'm saying
like I like right colored clothes and
this is definitely the opposite so I'm
going to leave the camo to Tanner Foxx
I'm going to change but something crazy
happened yesterday if you somehow missed
yesterday's video we told the burnt
cover story the actual one not clickbait
do you guys just hear my jaw pop we went
into as much detail as possible and you
know we just explained the whole thing
so the Vera Carver story is out the meme
is dead just kidding we're going to keep
it living on but yeah last night I
looked over and Luna had chewed up my
last iPhone cord and this is my really
good really long one she absolutely
destroyed it and it really sucks so I'm
about to take another trip to Best Buy
I'm going to get probably like three
iPhone cords because that's how - you -
through I'm gonna get a new tripod
because this one is just not very good
anymore it's sticky all over from all
the videos we've done with it with pop
and stuff and look at this you know
these works like you can slide it up or
whatever but the bottom one right here
like if you can even get it open you see
it's open but if you pull on it see that
one comes out and that one's not even
unlatch see it's like you just it's
broken so we are about to go get a new
one after I change into a new shirt -
this is literally like the ugliest
darkest boring it's color ever let's see
what we got we're just going to go with
a pink shirt this will have to do who
doesn't love pink and there we go time
to put you in the trash rest in peace
long charger 9 foot long charger I
haven't even looked outside today is it
going to be happy or sad it looks pretty
happy I was just kind of cold but it's
not rainy so I'm keeping you surprise
surprise watch out dago's
to Best Buy so I just got off the phone
with my mom and I actually have
insurance on this car again so I'm
really happy I can drive without being
scared if the cops pulled me over
because that would be really bad so I
didn't have insurance and I got pulled
over that actually happened when I was
drag racing ones in my truck just all
the footage from that I might if I do
here's a clip but yeah my aux cord in my
car was one of my iphone Chargers Luna -
that one up as well so now I get a
listen to the radio
country music does not go with this car
every time I come in here I get
distracted this stuff looks so cool I've
never tried this but I've seen a ton of
people use it it looks so fun next time
because the other you know they'll be
awesome won't keep any more and you
probably need the receipt to get out yes
thank you second time using this tiny
trunk perfect okay before I go home I'm
going to go ahead and grab some food at
Subway haha thrown it back to the
California days when that's all we ate
for like four days in a row but yeah I
parked next to my best friend okay last
thing before I go home I promise I'm
just getting gas real quick but check
this out I haven't shown you guys how
you get gas in this farm you have to hit
this little gas thingy right here little
icon once you push that in this thing
opens you have to use that you can't
just like open it but yeah I actually
put premium gas in this unlike my
Challenger
I'm gonna take care of it oh my gosh I
okay sit I got to teach her some tricks
oh I'm on the hoverboard hold up hold up
shake I teacher this stuff guys shake
sit we're going the bean bag she's
sitting on the bean bag I could buy it
since you're a good girl you can have
this up now Luna wants in on this okay
none of my bean bag not on my bean back
in Maryland I'm not going to leave you
out you're alright so I guess this vlog
has turned into a little bit of a home
and video improvement so I got a new
tripod this is a pretty sure the same
one my brother has this thing goes
really small so that's really good oh so
these flip down okay you know this
thing's pretty cool this is the most
advanced tripod I've ever dealt with
this thing's actually really sick now I
can use this instead of my window seals
they literally fell asleep and the time
that I put this
on the tripod Oh new spot okay so I got
this new charger and this one is even
longer than my other one my other one
was nine feet this one is ten and it
comes with this little velcro thing that
will never use hey hey hey don't do this
one up and last but not least I knew I
would end up getting something else I
got these two big speakers because
whenever I stream to my TV the audio
doesn't go over for some reason from my
macbook so these will be the new
speakers from my TV and also their
waterproof so these will go by the pool
this summer and by the trampoline for
the Meetup and you know other just fun
things by the hot tub and how about two
of them because they compare to each
other and then be like you know twice
the sound but yeah I would say this has
been a successful trip to Best Buy
hashtag not sponsored by JBL but you
guys do make cool speakers so I think
that does it for the electronics portion
of this video I'm going to get this
stuff set up and then I'll see you guys
a little bit so right now I am headed
somewhere special can any of you guys
guess what it is based on my
surroundings okay what about now is this
a better hint we are our old house for
the final time I'm pretty sure there's a
bunch of trampoline parts we're
basically coming here because we're
emptying out the final parts of this
house because someone is moving in hi
Tristan hello who's moving in here lady
by the name of Leslie Leslie and her
kiddos and her kittens she brought me
here so I could decide what trampoline
park I want to keep there's a lot
Candice is like actually like brand new
I just feel like we have a massive attic
in our house and this is brand new sure
spec it just in case you get full time
at the poles network for wienies there's
the net and the hole just after I say
that once we fall off one of these times
Springs and springs for a little
trampoline sure yeah we probably keep
those for that it needs there's a little
silver one are for this little sky
bounce I think it's pretty little sky
down I'm not sure this guy down small
Springs an idea there look how much
traveling hearts we added instead I
guess we did have like four or five
trampolines in this backyard maybe the
different times what's the heck we never
even use these stuff garages basically
at the all I'm definitely keeping the
definitely keeping them all exorcist
I forgot I remember taking this to likes
and places and burying my old bike I got
to use that you think this will be able
to fit in here
got it it's me I heard goodbye old house
forever waiting just to lady so we could
come back for everyone
oh the way that's flying in tonight
digitally okay never mind ladies moving
in here says we can visit any time we
going but still goodbyes man do you
happen to have any Springs for a
Goliath's trampoline back there we just
happen to have three boxes of tiny ones
just no big ones big ones those are me
Mom you kidding me Goliath spring is
going to be at least full funding that
means hopefully they're out of Canada
and on there right now but right now I'm
supposed to go get some fan mail real
quick just feels like an old vlog I'm
running down to my old car where I used
to park it in front of our old house
okay I still have a lot of fan mail here
there should be some room though the
trunk full and the front piece full oh I
got that door I don't have any more room
my car my mom's got to go get the rest
of it later right now I'm gonna head
back home so I'll see you guys there
okay so I'm pretty sure there's a pool
guy here he's going to help us for the
pool but I'm about to try out these
speakers I'm actually like really
curious what we're going to listen to so
loud I kind of want to go throw it in my
pool Jaime opalescence oh that's really
loud I like it guys Quentin's here and
he doesn't trust me he's he's looking at
the bird Carver story video to make sure
yeah I know everybody wants to know look
the first thing comes up is Dylan qat he
wasn't even there screw you Dylan you
don't deserve this hey that was when my
fence burnt down during a vlog it
actually wasn't licensed but uh I don't
know it just came out let me go over to
the right here clicking my channel it'll
be right there what the heck where is it
no I posted I swear I posted it like oh
maybe the Xbox didn't load it yet or
something I want to watch it too to make
sure I didn't just say it was my fault
because it was yours it ain't my fault
no it's all your fault you let it happen
learn I did it she was sleeping on the
job ok we're gonna watch it but I can't
show you guys you have to go watch the
video if you haven't seen it we felt the
same
hey be quiet I would be nine thank you
yeah I had to get a new one because Luna
sucks but yeah guys it's been like four
hours since the last clip kind of just
forgot to record Paris is here now
Quentin left me are you doing what are
you gonna do serious over here no she's
getting to stop it she always hits the
back of my legs and stop it stop my girl
honey want to go to the trampoline or
something oh my lord
want to I'll race you come on racing
hold on let me get to this door first
come on hurry I'll race you I'm asking
you right now no no no no no I didn't
count on it called me you didn't win no
okay I can't go to the stairs that's not
fair
Wow okay no more hoverboard I've been
getting back into them
trampoline session am i right what are
you doing out in here huh just blending
in with that towel that's what she's
doing truckful from the old house
brought all that stuff here still
haven't brought in all that fan mail
I'll do that whenever we do our next
that's a female opening which might be
tomorrow I'm not sure where'd you go go
play with my dog and come jump with me
Rose I'm so sorry we didn't mean to
leave use it come on yeah hey yeah what
was that about her liking you she loves
me
oh yeah we tell what we can do ha put
the camera over chair I'm gonna put the
camera on the chairs look what we can do
with my dogs get it ready for this
I'm gonna go alright yo and we just kind
of go back and forth so the dogs know
that we both love them yes miss again
yep come here Camaros broken ass Camaro
very much room yes Rose is my favorite
huh
I stepped in water no ho no good thing
there's a gap in between this train
plane to that one they would probably
jump
I'd probably jump into that well come on
it's funny when you do whoa just do it
I'm sorry what's going on guys is Paris
let's go annoy metric right for the room
is it do go there yeah what is good
today we were back with a new bingo
that's pretty good I was making was like
I got a warm-up for the meter see if I
had a camera all I would do is blog my
dogs because they're better than you
hey I'm done while your camera oh yeah
know how I said it hurts to put your
sock on when you have a torn toenail
hurts when you have this too I don't
even know what to film I think it's from
the hoverboard it hurts I can't see it
yes that's good it's not even bleeding
right now you know you thought stop Luna
and let it out to dizzy I didn't Kate I
press stop you think you could do that
back philip times two now think we black
oh my gosh you know look at this sniff
there's a snake in the yard huh how does
an eye do that see you
alright you know you wouldn't turn on it
done cow then I count a my fault
okay I'm not ready yet alright guys
we're going to go ahead and in the video
there and I hope you guys enjoyed it
yeah I think you guys so much watching
this video and don't forget like ensure
the friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one hey hey
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
