hello you want to spill the beans today
we had this conversation already yeah I
didn't turn my microphone on okay take
it from the top
alright ready you can just tell them
what you said we're gonna spill one big
bean I can come take my bag of beans and
jump it out on camera okay sounds good
okay bye bye I didn't record the first
one it was funnier anyway what did you
oh my god today is the day you guys have
probably all been waiting for for the
longest time so before Quentin gets here
we do anything else I just wanted to
tell you guys that I cook baited one of
my recent videos like one of the worst
I've ever click baited one of my videos
I titled it you guys all deserve an
explanation with me holding up the burnt
carpet and that video got like 9000
dislike maybe even like 10,000 by now
hold on let me check
Oh 11800 that is is not okay so I
realize you know I want you guys to like
me
that was probably cross the line I
always really mean although it was the
best clickbait and I'm proud of it
today's the day we are actually going to
tell you guys the burnt carpet story are
you ready oh no you see me standing here
can you shut up linger slap ah I'm too
tired to sit up so I'm gonna lay up oh
my god I got a game okay what is going
on guys today we are back in today
artists history I already told them why
we're telling it because I felt that oh
yeah Dylan's here by the way but you
weren't there on that he's over there
that horrible day no bad decisions good
memory
no for those of you they don't know I
have some burnt carpet should I go get
it yeah actually it's someone causing a
no souvenir shelf it's on the souvenir
shelf in the closet of memory if there
is fingernail they know this is what I
did yeah so here's the bird carpet for
those of you that don't know this has
been an inside joke on my channel for
like the longest time there's a lot of
them almost a year yeah oh yeah yeah kid
we were going cook something outside
having kind of warm or we were going
bridge jumping because I remember after
it happened we just went to the bridge
like nothing happened then we filmed the
rope swing video and then we got caught
by the cops if you guys want to see the
original video of that morning it is
insane rope swing off a bridge cops came
or something like that so where do we
start this story out there
first start okay why are we waited what
was your reason okay the reason I waited
to tell a story is because I thought it
was funny and it was a good inside joke
in the channel they better still live
we're still going to have it as like
click beta into your q and a's burn
carbon sorry that's why I wanted to wait
I thought it's want you to troll you
guys and I have no other title ideas for
my Q&A so I to put burn crepes so let me
make sure the mics on no it is no I
promise it it is let's take it from the
top
let me go find out the exact day it
happened it was nine months ago July
23rd so that means it happened July 22nd
which was two days before our birthday
happy birthday to me thanks Clinton
would you get me oh here it is I gave
you click Vegas gift of all you gave us
the best inside joke on a youtube
channel the best house fragrance effort
know that smell horrible forever I'm
waiting ah it still smells I'm not
freaking kidding it feels like smell it
it literally plastic it still smells
like that freaking acid okay so in that
bridge jumping video or whatever I
talked a whole Don let me play the clip
let me share a hand was afraid suffer
whenever you pointed and I said is that
from whenever you plugged it in but the
saying is nothing was plugged in I guess
it was plugged in but it wasn't like to
a wall or anything like that made people
think we are we wait wait no no no let's
debunk a theory ok it wasn't when he
burped the jacob Sartori oh yeah yeah
everyone thinks it was from this
musically right here
I was tweaking just for sympathy like
the I try before is happy and community
but it wasn't like that was the
musically I made after different carpet
because I thought like enough people
knew about like us burning the carpet
you can tell because the carpet was art
it was already burnt Lian that musically
everyone thought that me burning that
Jacob Sartorius poster for that stupid
musically actually burnt my carpet but
that is not the case the cover was
already burnt I just did that first it
musically back when I thought that was
funny still is actually I still love
making musical ease but no that was just
that was kind of dumb I'm brother Jacob
now now burn his posters so it was a
long day at Pizza Hut and me and a
co-worker is actually a friend's brother
we were making pizzas and I was like hey
what you do you're 18 right he's like
yeah and I said I want it babe so he was
like oh my friend has one he'll sell you
and I was like really he's like yeah so
so I got it from my friend's brother's
friend he ever buy anything don't buy it
in that order
buy it straight from the store so I
bought it and then it brought it home as
at home I'm in his house which is my
home that are like oh we're gonna blow
some fat clouds all over X alright so
basically he was working a piece head at
the time and so there was the idea that
was 18 that works there and we'll call
his friend JJ let's call him Richard why
I did okay um so yeah Richard sold quite
how much do sell you of 8 for I don't
remember is expensive that I was like
what $200 I was with him whenever he got
it I don't know I was in there like I've
never seen a baby before I was scared I
was like Vietnam flashback anyone
someone she can explode so we went to
Dylan's which is a food market and he
did the exchange of money for a vape and
eat and then you tell him how happy were
you're like you know it's good on a
setup let's do it man I'm so cool right
and then it was dead so put the
batteries on the charger they were full
of battery acid juices and food
and what happens if you plug them in
upside down or sideways or backwards or
inside out give you that somehow it just
doesn't turn on with normal ones yeah
but this one was special I'm not an
electrician
he's Maximus battery so I put him in
upside down and I closed it though there
was the little bait box thing broke the
little guy so I plugged it in it was in
this hand next thing I know fire came
out of this side fire came out of that
side and it was just it wasn't just like
a little flame it was like it was on
fire we're taking home yeah it was like
that for like 5 min ha ha it was brutal
I was like uh-oh
but it was more like yeah and I dropped
it on to the carpet yeah and then I was
in shock because I was like it's my hand
on fire nope Daniel now look at the
carpet I'm like my hand will heal but
the house probably won't he fasted all
day freaking out I didn't know what
happened I thought he set off fireworks
in my house fire was coming out the back
of the date fire was coming out the like
the top of the babe and it's metal so
the thing is like he did exploded like
the freakin metal from the back of the
bait was literally all just busted open
and all of that fire and everything was
coming out he was holding it while it
happened so it was laying here the fire
was coming out here in here yeah let's
do this brain again ok show us what
happened going to the fossil his other
people all right this is a vape and Rose
burnt but they caught on fire I was like
boom sizzle like right there that was
our moss and I was like huh and then I
looked and then I was like you know what
Yolo it so I got up it's still on fire
uh-huh still on fire
still getting third-degree burns open
the window and I throw it out and that's
what literally freaking hit the window
it dropped back down he picked it up
again into another yes you literally
picked it up twice I was sitting there
my memory is like sketchy Jana day he
was like freaking out clay was there too
clay was just getting water and so was i
I was like running in my bathroom
getting water just in case it comes
Monica my whole room on fire I just
really really clever fix a good pretzel
yeah then the fire alarms started going
off my sister text our mom is like why
is the fire alarms going off
no sir told me what she texted her she
said the guys are having a campfire yeah
my mom called me after and she's like
why is the fire alarm going off and I
was just like we had a little bit of a
fire in my room my mom was like
demanding explanation and I was just
like gotta go we're trying to fix this
real quick so I just ended it and I was
like what are we gonna do what are we
going to tell my mom she didn't kill us
she found out we were freaking baked
she's going to like bro she kill us we
were going to say we found a charger at
McDonald yeah we told her that we found
like a charger for our phone or whatever
and we plugged it in and it exploded and
then my mom comes home and she looks at
the wall where we would have plugged it
in and she's like huh
the carpets burn over there there's the
outlet like either for grams a
projectile fire ya know but this whole
time I was calling everyone I look at my
hand I'm like uh-huh that's cool I
didn't know my finger could get so big
and so I get a jar I stick my hand in
with ice and then I'm like I let my hand
heal and not show anyone we can vacuum
up the burnt part so yeah I was
vacuuming the burn carpet obviously did
not work we tried everything to clean it
yeah it turns out you can't clean holes
well but we didn't clean it though
because it was black everywhere but we
got just that it all used to be this
dark black but we got it to this but
yeah you can't fix the burnt hole all
the way to the seams of the carpet yeah
so we tried our best to fix it and my
mom come home obviously she knew and
then we had to tell her the real story
so we never actually baked we didn't get
building fat clams we didn't get a blow
in fact I sit down scared it wasn't my
baby by the way I'm still a
family-friendly youtuber with you I
wasn't a youtuber back today oh yeah it
was just that was that was my that was
my Pizza Hut careers I yeah he I went
bottom eight but valid there's more to
the story though I don't have to explain
care shut up no so what when I got home
I showed my mom she is like idiot she
started driving me to the ER right well
not the ER doctor so they could say oh
you're not going to die but he was
driving I showed her my hand and she
almost got sick mm-hmm so here's what I
had to do hand in a nice job driving
myself to the ER with my mom in the
passenger's if she got to stick by look
yeah
yeah here's a picture of Quinn's hand if
you guys haven't seen I might have put
it in a video before graphic warning
hopefully the video does not get
age-restricted because of this it's
really gross but here it is there's no
blood or anything you just see kind of
inside of his finger right there with
that great lol caption on statute it was
third-degree burns
yeah he got third-degree burns showing
your finger it's completely fine and
like now it's okay yeah it's I don't
know how it healed so what the best part
because I it wasn't like justice fingers
like this thumb the finger in this
finger but there's a big blister right
here I remember that a nice big bubble
there's a little crease and the blister
was right on this crease and I like tore
the hole in it and I squirted clay with
my presser
overall it was fun extreme yeah the
sides almost burning down our house and
half day wasn't even close so yeah we
ended up throwing it into my fire escape
and then I went and put it into an old
Dairy Queen bag and we drove it and
threw it off a bridge later so yeah
we're trying to hide the evidence and
that's what we wanted but but the we
learned a lot of evidence we learned our
lesson and the lesson is no I forget
evade put the batteries in right okay no
don't they know the lesson is don't buy
stuff from the friends brothers friend
and if you're going to copy paper ignore
just copy his his robe don't copy his uh
his vape I'm kidding I this thing's just
really comfy and Ambrose with stapler
ignored I mean if you'd answer my texts
I'd feel better about us but now he's
too busy blowing clouds ah the thing is
that specific vaporizer tool got
recalled
oh yeah they didn't tell me about it
yeah that's probably why I sold it to
you probably so yeah we learned that you
don't need fat clouds to be happy all
you need is a man what do you need to be
happy what is the key to happiness
I just need friendship and boyfriend
nice bonding too cold you together
nothing like some carpet else
third-wheeling Dylan yeah that is how we
brought my carpet that is why we cut out
some carpet and brought it to our new
house and hopefully you guys don't hate
us we're not we're not druggies we just
were curious it was pre YouTube days
then yeah true well not for me we were
just curious
high schoolers we still are oh yeah some
of you know the story already because
Dylan commented on a live stream
yes
he was like nobody could say a comment
on a live stream
he's like by the way here's how they did
it we were like doing it with that logic
I'm surprised you didn't burn the carpet
but yeah we're going to go ahead and in
this video here a second sit down video
in a row I was going to wait like til
next week to tell the story but it was
cloudy rainy and sad again today so I
was like you know what I'll bundle up my
robe sit down and tell you guys a very
requested story so yeah I can't wait
people debate means I'm going to get on
Instagram and stuff and on the next
episode of story time it is the hard
drive of stupidity reveal just kidding
we're actually waiting until we're like
1820 to show that cuz you know whatever
YouTube goes another downward spiral
you're like you know what it's going to
end for sure then we'll release it so
yeah someday we will show you guys hard
drives to pity but for now we're going
to end this video here I think you guys
so much for watching and don't really
like it here as friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to new and I'll see you guys
in the next one
fate mate I don't I don't do it often
hey this is yeah this it was actually
quite her fault wasn't it was debate now
what did it well at least wasn't mine so
it must have been yours just kidding it
was a friend of the brothers friend of
the friend of the goldfish good night
 you came in looking like that you
just maybe too far
