okay so a lot of you guys don't even
know that I have a dad or I've been
asking like where's your dad at bla bla
bla and for those of you that watch all
my videos you guys know that I do have a
dad I went his birthday party not that
long ago and vlogs are a little bit but
yeah he's been in a few videos I've
shaved his beard I put him on my
snapchat and I've had them on my
Instagram before but a lot of you guys
are like why isn't he in your videos why
isn't he in your house and my parents
got divorced and if I was four and
that's never been like a big deal to me
but yeah he lives like 20 minutes away
from me and the old town we used to live
in and I'm so busy with YouTube and
filming every day and making sure I can
make good videos but I still do see him
a lot and we go out to eat but he's just
never really been the camera type as
you'll see later in this video and he's
not really a wild man unless he goes to
a family reunion yeah he's really funny
and you know you just got to catch him
in the right mood I think it's safe to
say my whole family like my brother my
sister and I all got our like smart
aside from my dad he's really funny but
yeah I will let you guys watch this
video get to know him a little bit and
yeah here is reading my dad's Instagram
comments give back what did you all know
guys
today we are back in today it is all
stormy outside it's all sad looking
outside it's been like this for the past
week besides yesterday yesterday was the
only day I wouldn't like this but of
course it's back to being all sad
looking and I don't like it I like the
rain I think it's soothing but that's
for like napping you know I want to go
out and do something I don't want to sit
inside mother Nature doesn't like me so
today we are sitting inside and today my
dad's about to come over to my house
well I was just about to say it's not my
house but it actually is we have my
dad's coming over and my brother and
sister I think you're going to join me
we're gonna send move that beanbag I'm I
should probably fix my bed make this
place more presentable what are you
doing huh
I already edited my video you don't have
to lay on my mousepad anymore literally
every morning she makes it so hard I
know know by yeah the rain makes for
good movie nights me in Paris watched
two out of the four parts of the
Caribbeans last night literally my
favorite movies ready to go outside I
don't know if we want you in here I
don't know what we'll let you decide
I'll see you guys when my dad's here and
we are chilling and we're going to read
some Instagram comments and then
wherever I are defined because his well
his pictures are kind of cringy and you
guys figured I'd probably do this video
eventually so yeah yellow what up
where's Chris man hey
hey buddies are wake up
let's go we gotta go read dad's comment
look I'm gonna have a coughing montage
right into this video one I want you to
be quiet
let's go yeah I didn't really clean that
by the way I'm leaving that there it's
comfy I turn on my lights though I'm
sorry talking at me I was like I love
this shirt Anita day can you see my legs
no don't worry wouldn't want anybody to
know you have legs out there yeah he's
like can it can anybody see my legs dad
just take you forever he's on his own
schedule he doesn't know what it takes
to be YouTube when did my hair turn
brown the foot of your Fez look really
wobbly yeah and I told you to my intro I
didn't tell you guys but today we're
going to be reading my dad's Instagram
comments I think I've read yours yours
and moms yeah you're laughs if you're
unfamiliar with how this goes
already screenshotted a bunch of the
ones that I find funny and I'll read
them off and then they'll go what the
heck so the first one is on this picture
of you skiing those I thought this is
like my favorite picture it's gone the
glasses are actually pretty cool that is
selfie you know you got that five
o'clock six o'clock shadow whatever that
is I like it
it's called I don't care and the first
comment is a let Taylor know he's a
dildo I mean can i guy sensor that word
I don't know I bought it you forgot your
little yeah you forgot to run that body
then whatever they the second one this
is on the same picture of him on the ski
trip with that to Colorado yes Jamie is
a young person's name I think most
people get assigned the name when they
are young and then they grow older
that's probably the most - oh yeah that
one suck my left nut I left a lot of the
ones about genitals out this guy said
I'm calling it you men say it I'm
calling it you're reading these in one
to two days looking good pops
remember pops what regular show was that
yeah the guy is that you can ski into my
DMS I was thinking about reading your
DMS but they probably just like tell
Taylor I said hi and there probably
wouldn't be any like they look good I
wanted two middle-aged flirting but I
don't think I'm gonna
they messed up but they meant to say
life of a dad of the teenage dad series
okay so if you ever made a YouTube
channel you could make a series about
being a dad of a kid who's a dad as a
teenager with his baby as soon as I
start mine no but yeah I don't I don't
think it's going to happen I'm waiting
till I'm 18 and that wraps it up for the
skiing picture next we have my dad in a
boat on a lake and here's the beard this
is the only picture on your Instagram
with the full beard and I don't think
people like it
I don't either I just come a damn face
warm this is it November yeah for my
birthday and for you this woman freaking
made me laugh whose beard as big as
Paris is lit because we all have
something wrong with us but we still
love each other it's not for Taylor
you're just you know you're just ugly
asking no no Stacy what type of birds
are nesting in there look is it
throwback to the beard that looked like
ten is Mike yeah well guess what guys I
actually had to change out because this
one wouldn't stop squealing when I went
like towards any lectrons it would just
you know make a lot of noise so sadly I
have this one now can you see it it's
just a normal black one's pretty boring
and this won't fit on it so it sucks
you gotta stop smoking cigarettes I'm
gonna cover the whole video
I think coffee for what this dang thing
oh my god not trying to be mean but it
looks like you have a raccoon on your
face
literally any time I bring my camera
like to the mall in public everyone be
like what is that what is that and I
tried to explain they're like looks like
it's gone looks like a cat like that I
know icarly online
the studio farm girl thought the Cowboys
mustache was a squirrel did you ever get
ramen noodles stuck in your beard
I've actually wondered that I know
there's like I saw this guy in Ripley's
Believe It or Not who like ate soup out
of his beard his beard was his bowl this
is how you make a bowl of beard ramen
aha Raja
first of all I don't eat that crap I
don't like that I did take the mustache
and pull it way over stuff to eat
because of nothing I did it
someone hold my beer over I think it
hurts really bad
I wanted to fight your beard right
you're missing it isn't so good I'll
never know what that's like that's okay
I would just that a beard see this is on
Tristan please leave that I think that
in I I'm a family-friendly whether
there's an ad boycott or not even though
you might all change your mind after the
front cover story that I will be telling
soon for real as I announced on snapchat
you'll meet oh no and the girl that
commented that one do this one why can't
guys like this go to my school there was
a kid that went I felt literally had a
beard not not that big but just enough
to it'll be yeah anyway yeah the girl
would come to that is this girl she's
literally like ten years old the next
one is my dad without a beard all of a
sudden is gone and you know this glass
who used to wear those all the time I
still have a pair of them in my closet
they're broken them I don't know if he
gave him the Tristan and I stole them or
what are they orange yeah you gave me
through missing the nose piece yeah and
my dad caption this photo I missed the
beard and then I'm funny and I commented
me either how does it feel to have two
gay son's gay people agree yeah if you
guys watched my video yesterday mean
Quentin flirted for a little bit in
there Michael and I know I want a hug oh
yeah people we do that all the time and
I will show you guys Conan eyes text
messages too and I will leak them oh
this is the very last one someone said
you look exactly like Fetty WAP I don't
know what Fetty WAP looks like let's
find out he's a black rapper I know he
doesn't know what he looks like
Fetty WAP so he's not gonna know Fatiha
well the first thing that comes up as a
mugshot you guys are twins are we yeah
except for the skin color hair the beard
too close well let me go see if I can
find like those glasses what the hell is
wrong with you I don't know time ago me
don't you I don't I know we're not
broken but we're pieces are all sticky
they got like yeah that's because they
get left in the
that's my view can go like nuclear okay
slugs they match the lighting but I
don't know where the nose piece one and
me get a nose piece form - oh good nose
piece we used to go to like dad would be
in these and I mean he'd have his pants
all the way up here a tan and his thighs
tabes cheat you guys wouldn't let me
wear my thong okay okay guys well how
long this video is probably not very
long but wait you hear that one more
common didn't you that's right you don't
do that easy freaking this one so we're
gonna go ahead in the video there and I
hope you guys enjoyed it there wasn't as
many comments on my dad's Instagram
you're not very active huge I don't want
to be you could be killing the Instagram
game what is post doing anyway oh yeah
that's what he feelings on my dad calls
Quinton yeah quit not doing a problem
you know what I'm doing tonight I'm
gonna watch the rest of the cards I'm
going to walk in so I'm going to see
both of them yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and thank you guys so
much for watching and don't forget like
you shares friends if you enjoyed
subscribe you new and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace haha
here take these glasses and put them on
your face dead and then walk up and put
your eye on the camera and then say it
ain't my fault I can't get up it ain't
my fault no no no no you gotta go with
the glass it's like you're like you look
human
it ain't my fault I am what the hell is
wrong with you
my thought you came in looking like that
you just mentioned
