new trampoline showed up yet Oh mom I
need this trampoline okay we have two up
there three in the yard one in the
backyard but I need another one what is
going on guys today we are back in today
well in yesterday's video I was driving
my car and after I sat down my camera
some lady told me that one of my lights
is out and this one right here like it's
already out I don't even know why it
happened so fast like I don't even think
I've had this car what two weeks and
then and then one of the lights is
already out kind of sucks but oh well
today is going to be a good day it is
Friday I think I'm done with high school
in school in general forever so the day
that week doesn't really matter to me
but for some reason I'm still in a
better mood on Fridays and I'll be in a
better mood when my new trampoline shows
up if it does it better said that
yesterday and it didn't I'm really mad
but the tracking thing is back online it
said our package is in our town but it's
still not on our doorstep so I don't
know what to think I don't know if it's
going to come and if you guys know my
friend Jake Bashir she's going to be
coming over tonight we're going to have
like a campfire we're gonna have a
cookout and stuff and we're actually
going to be using the backyard like
grill thing because we have any music
yet but okay I was wondering what smell
there was this I'm thrown away my
clothes that we use in that video I'm
not even going to try to clean them all
that's going in the trash too
so goodbye to the old trampoline stuff
don't worry I'm saving one piece of it
and it's right there for the souvenir
shelf or closet of memories depends if
you call what I call it or what Quentin
calls it but if this new trampoline
comes in today we are going to have to
move these trampolines like out into the
yard there's dog food and Doritos on
this one that one is the only basically
clean one I never really showed you guys
up close like this one is just
disgusting look at it I don't even know
if we can clean it up I might just blow
this one away or something I basically
only bought this for that Walmart
trampoline video so I'm not upset but
whenever I get some help I'll take that
rectangle trampoline off there I don't
want it to break or anything I don't
want it to break so I don't like it
sitting like that but but this
trampoline is literally insane I don't
even know how to explain it you guys
just have to see it and hopefully you'll
see it today right huh something the
dogs not you mom but yeah yeah don't say
right right right what time do you think
it'll come in or can I just like go
track down the guy with the truck and
just like take it okay guys never mind
my light is not messed up in my car
turns out for one I'm stupid because I
didn't know this to the lady of the
stock light that scared me okay I don't
like you whenever I was turning right
she's like hey your lights out
turns out whatever you turn on your
blinker on an Audi alright the LED turns
off and then it becomes yellow and it's
yeah so my car's fine and I just went to
the Audi dealership I wish I brought my
camera but I didn't they let me go in
their all-access lounge and they have
like a theater a snack bar a big like
balcony it's super cool but they wash my
car and everything so it is looking
fresh he also helped me out with more
customization ideas all of that will be
coming soon I don't know how soon it
just takes a while but okay now I'm
going to do my laundry while I wait for
this trampoline and if it doesn't show
up I'm going to get it okay guys laundry
is done even though I just throw it on
here so that's why it's done now I'm
just going to chill on my temporary new
bed and hope and pray that a new
trampoline shows up at my house my truck
are your truck my charger I just came to
eat it for you yay my tongues blue we're
gonna go get a trampoline we've located
it we can go pick it up there they just
not going to deliver to us they just
decided not to like Monday Monday we
were going to get it till Monday we're
going right now because to get it two
days ago
that's not video the inside of my
message father it is everybody watch it
is like not have the springs or just you
know not just be missing something odd
I'd I'd be mad screw the Audi r8 reveal
guys this is this is ten times better
I'm kidding it's just a trampoline but
it's more than just a trampoline at the
same time it's insane so the struggle of
a youtuber I can't what am i doing right
now okay we made it to a random building
this place has some pretty steak parkour
spots my mom's going to test them out
I'm kidding she's going to go find out
if this is the right place okay what do
you just say tell them I said that
thing's massive we need a treat I want
to see it I can't make this thing yeah
there's literally only three like ever I
have one friend with them and I used
like the others like no one else with
them so they're like the rarest they're
the most expensive garden trampoline you
can buy mom this is the trampoline
reveal pieces
this is 70 pages all exceeding forever
to set up - it would fall out there's no
way oh boy alright so now we're going to
drive about 45 minutes and back to my
grandma's house and then we got to go
back to that place we got to get a
trailer because the Partridge is too big
and I'm going to drive my car and pick
my sister up from school on the way yes
hey was only written to my car one time
so this is some on a brother sister
bonding yeah okay so yeah I'm in my car
now I just shaved put my hair up so I
look a little bit better but we're going
to go grab my sister real quick and then
I'm going to meet my mom back at home
and we are going to unload the
trampoline build it and then we're going
to have some fun so hi hi how was your
day great so you just sat on the ground
guess what came in today
what new trampoline and you ready to
test it out you can do backflip for ones
now we got a trailer and we got to get
it out of the dead end whoa Cowabunga
dude into the driveway come on come on
it see we did it yay all right now let
me back in this is scary looks good
Quinton is already at my house I don't
know where Dylan is so I'll have a
little bit of help at least okay it is
4:30 we made it home we're going to try
to get this thing set up hopefully
before dark
oh it's so uneven and this is going to
take forever we got to walk each big
piece all the way to the other yard then
I got to put the rectangle back on the
ground Quinton thank God okay so we were
unloading the pieces and there's one
small thing missing the springs watch it
is like not have the springs or just you
know not just be missing something odd
I'd be mad we only have these pieces
left we got all of them in the back but
we opened up tall this big white Sachs
that sounded wrong and there's no
springs they said maybe they're at the
place I don't know if they're not there
then we just have to wait I don't
does this trampoline is the most
expensive garden trampoline you can get
it is the biggest one you can get it's
absolutely insane and the fact that like
we're probably the only people that's
bought one in the last five years and
they can't get it right like we're
literally last piece okay
am I going to do - you can tell do it do
it oh you want to do it all by yourself
you put my link into the script I will I
promised everybody to go subscribe to
Quentin
link will be in the description I'll
post the video one day I swear so move
these freaking pieces are huge hold up
let me get a back shot oh you're welcome
female viewers do you think honestly
pretty male and male 1g Michael and I
know I want a hug oh yeah people ask me
for my dreams you and Tanner friends
know there's that sentence you wear
boyfriends
bye honey take care hi yo you want to go
jump on the trampoline I haven't showed
you guys we finally got it all ready you
ready the spring showed up let's go go
go go check it out oh oh wait no they're
not in because they're still in Canada
and this is here but they're not here
and yeah we don't have the springs so
jake hasn't been here since we got the
phone fit you supposed to come that day
what you did thanks a lot
show is a quad yeah I know right it's
pretty a place alright we saw the
pillows make it way better Kirsten where
the light drop here so sad
there ya go oh I haven't jumped in here
in a while actually like once you two
having fun pit for a few days you just
stop yelling and standing one foot
double Webster you done double back in
it's not scary I'll do one I know you're
worried about hitting the fan but it's
just a fan you'd legit looks like you'll
be landing on the guy okay good
triple toon you want you to fallen off
my shed that was back on our we're young
and we don't carefully died I was so
stupid section I scare you guys thinking
me do it I know I can do it atleast I'd
be so dope I'm gonna do a double back
first
oh you opened up so early did it hurt
okay well halfway to that you need over
that like spread-eagle Oh success
I like my Cody instinct I say if you've
never fallen just watch the pillows bro
you got this hope you did that justice
yeah better than the double bag I hope I
taught that yeah are you kidding me okay
this time is with my pants on just
because we don't have the Goliath
trampoline I got to do like one more
cool trick I haven't really recorded any
of the ones we've been doing actually so
this is like my first cool tricks triple
front flip less fluff phone page house
offices were lost time last time I had
like a big pile and off the world's
worst trampoline yeah me too
one Oh open up a little bit very
enticing to have a host on it yeah
telling my head rolls but still not
enough from this angle what the
committee really last trick and then
we're calling it quits II yeah it looks
amazing
where's the guy that cook this Kevin
Kevin Kevin thank you for the dinner
even though I accidentally hate Dairy
Queen before but I'm so happy thank you
this is Jake's dad guys best look around
just to troll back off the balcony after
got to record it so I'm going to end the
vlog right here but real quick I'm going
to show you guys how to become your
dog's favorite there you go there you go
this is why she hates you when do my
outro downstairs so it's not awkward
I now have word that the trampoline
company did not mess up it was actually
the shipping people hold up I gotta do
my outro uh I just ended it fast I was
just gonna let him listen but yeah now
the trampoline company's fault this
trampoline is called the Goliath
trampoline it's ridiculously priced but
it's going to be insane once we actually
get to set up I'm so so sorry that we
couldn't get it set up today I tried my
best nothing we could do we went to the
place three times and they just didn't
have them hopefully the rain within like
a week so I hope you guys still enjoyed
this video and thank you guys so much
for watching and don't forget live like
each other friends if you enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
they're just maybe
