what is the only guys today we are
backing today I am sitting on my new bed
temporary I new bed but I put this this
big beanbag and then the southern
beanbag but I like stacked them so I can
sit and then watch TV drop shot sorry
but today I'm currently dealing with the
worst thing ever which is putting on a
pair of socks with your toes looking
like this hold up you got caught in a
blanket and it ripped and it hurts so
bad
ok guys don't worry I got it but yeah
guys today my mom told me that the new
trampolines supposed to be coming in
finally I don't even know how long I've
waited probably been like 4 or 5 weeks
we've been tracking the order and it's
supposed to come in today it better it
better be because I really want to jump
on that thing ok now I'm going to go on
a drive in the RA I haven't driven it in
the last couple days apparently or
insurance on it is messed up or
something so my mom told me I probably
shouldn't drive it but I really want to
go on a drive right now and if that
package is not sitting up there on my
porch I'm getting in the car and I'm
leaving and there's nothing by the gate
sometimes I leave it in the garage but I
doubt it'll be in here
I don't think that's a trampoline oh my
gosh look at the freaking mess you guys
made holy crap leave you out here for an
hour ok I'm at a red light so this is
not vlogging and driving kind of real
quick there's just a couple things that
I wanted to talk to you guys about first
one is that I have officially decided to
have a Midwest meetup 2017 we already
have like 15 kids coming they're all
like good friends of mine we're not
having a bunch of random people and I
was thinking about making it a big event
but I thank for it to be the most fun
and be like it was last year I should
just do it with me and my friends and I
feel like that's what you guys would
want to watch anyway we might be going
to a public gym near us so you guys can
all come in and meet us and like join in
on the video and I'll find out details
on that later but for right now yeah we
have some of my flipping friends coming
it's going to be June 10th through the
13th so it's not even that far away and
I'm really excited and we have one kid
coming from Australia and one kid coming
from Norway and then I think all the
rest are in the United States but that's
like insane last year it was all the
United States so that's really crazy
actually three things second thing that
guitar hero guitar is chilling here from
yesterday's video I know you guys are
thinking like I grab it and I try to jam
out the songs on my radio but you're
wrong I don't
Oh God now I'm blogging and driving this
is bad I'm not gonna look at the camera
but the third thing is the clickbait
album cover has finally been decided and
I think I can show it on the screen
right now it's honestly so sick it has
all the channels inside jokes and
everything like that here it is and it's
already available for pre-order I've
talked about that before but yeah when
you zoom in you see a bunch of the
channels inside jokes and this was just
really funny they even have like my
grandpa faking his broken toe so he
didn't have to do a back flip like they
went in like they have watched every
single video
it was insane but yeah I'm gonna finish
this drive now you guys back at home
vlogging drive insane just don't do it
even though I'm on a straight road and
hopefully there's a new trampoline when
I get home
yellow yellow when you get in here
I'm almost essential right now okay
alright alright so good news and bad
news
bad news first I don't think the
trampoline is going to show up today my
mom just got off the phone with like the
shipping company and they said their
website was down today and blah blah
blah so the trampoline stuck in Kansas
City hopefully it comes tomorrow or the
next day I'm so sick of waiting like
usually I'm kind of patient right that's
a lie no I'm not I'm not really patient
ever but I've been waiting for this
forever so it sucks but some good news
is my mom would buy our old house and do
you have a little chair right there that
used to be mine well I guess it still is
but she found it I thought you got
trashed or something but check this
thing out it says my name on it it's
probably going to break it's cracking
but this is like the og chair has been
with me like my whole life it's my
favorite chair pretty sick if you
scratch it up you're never sleeping in
my room again that's a promise
melon what is this what yeah that's the
trampoline I don't know I seriously
don't know what it is though but what's
the point
okay delivery people are probably not
going to come so now the gang's all here
and that's why I came up with an idea
the whole gang
yes the whole games the turning down
your frickin gta5 you nerd I never play
that game that's what we're going to do
we're not going to pay you to do
anything stupid we are going to do
something stupid ourselves trampoline
slip and slide in the rain we go get the
rectangle trampoline we prop it up onto
the crappy Walmart one and then we slide
down it and then we put a circle
trampoline at the bottom you can jump
from tramp you know like a tramp wall
but it's all slippery you can do it
yeah Wow let's go after my last video my
tripod got all disgusting I don't can
you see like the little grease yeah you
can see the grease stains and disgusting
this hopefully the rain will wash it off
I don't it's not really raining anymore
it's the trampoline is going to be
soaked oh so yo you need to borrow some
shorts yeah well I got you with those
hold up here these have some salsa on my
kind of threw my way why would you put
in this trash can because it was closest
they were my shower just sitting there
smelling is disgusting I couldn't finish
my shower it smells of that that's from
the last video on the trampoline okay
it's only sprinkling my microphone
shouldn't break it's kind of cold out
here I hope this works they might not
look at the bright beautiful day out
just kidding it's cloudy inside no we're
gonna prop the rectangle up onto the
Walmart trust me it'll work come here
here you get one side of it and I'll get
one side of it ah all the pickles are
rotting three two one now yeah let's all
get it okay no no we need you at lore'l
so just gonna fall off all right thank
you fucking wall the wall it's not
Olivia okay go oh it worked
let me get housing like in a hot shower
already I'm gonna get here let me get my
clothes on hello alright we gotta go get
the other trampoline hurry up hold on
we're gonna have to go through here and
look at this thing so close oh my god
break the trip line back there
go Dillon go
is this slippery oh it's like bouncy
because it's on the other trampoline
yeah I want to try it I want to jump up
and slide down fly down when you get to
the end jumps you don't hit your butt on
the middle is it you're in the slippery
does it need to go higher it's cold that
was taking a break the things just slide
off every time gentle trampoline he does
Oh hold up I want to go faster so slow
this is a fail
oli go fast for the very top Oh turn
flame burn Oh Oh only way to go fast is
on your stomach and then it's scary
because the metals in your face you try
that you try to go on your stomach you
want to do it now you have to you came
right here you're so super clean
oh my god no that's the truth offering
like chef Allegiant all day like yes
please please you really want yes please
go jump up there slide down no I don't
want you have to hear me
you want me to yes yeah so much it
doesn't burn actually went on it's
actually just feel so good why do you
run okay
we all are something to die just going
like slide on your stomach I'm kind of
shaking here three two one oh it bounced
me she wasn't supposed to slide in do
you know Mom no there's a tree right I
knew we should have put this in the open
field
Wow bro I was about to do another flip
after that I would have literally kick
the shit outta a tree this would be way
better if we use a new trampoline but no
no thank you
sketch is like so slippery last one
starting to rain don't make her bladder
what another three there's also puddles
under me one I just got trampoline burns
so bad oh my me I feel it's already far
that's it folks we're going back inside
Wow chuckling stacked on another one
Oh a juke squadala what if you'd like
trick of it like nope bow to the person
floored you better hurry double backflip
on this leg I'm kidding no no way yeah
all right guys it is almost dark now and
still no package you ready to show us
some hoverboard tricks she used to be a
hoverboard goddess back in the day right
you men on our face tanks you did you
better okay I wasn't on your faces you
get up here hold on let me show my
skills first I'm gonna record this you
might go back how I have like 20 things
on it look at look at it it's coming out
of the wall you can see gives me can I
see probably not your batiks filming
there you go see that coming out of the
wall you guys are wondering how I got a
girl like Paris let me show you what
happened I invited her over once right
she stood on the beanbag right there
just like she is this is what I did hold
on let me get this going oh yeah okay
and then I turn off the light has the
fireplace going walked in here in my
robe I didn't walk I glided in here on
my set of wheels and then I started
doing this
so yeah that's the story okay you want
to show us some tricks like what I don't
know what can you do well let me show my
favorite one I call this the jitter oh
crap it's gonna break hold on I broke it
okay did I break it again oh no it works
against all right cool oh wait let me
show them one more and then you can show
them you're the one where you sit down
ah stop it I didn't want to do the
jitter I wanted to do this one huh it's
hard to do with the robe the robes
weighing me down okay your turn I'm kind
of sick of show nigut
everybody I have too many skills you can
show me yours get up there show them
what you got this one looks fun
everything's ready yeah I might
faster-faster-faster
a frail the thing is like super fun here
let's share we're going to break it
you're correct oh god yeah okay towards
the camera
okay hello man hey fun take what are
your is ice but uh okay can no more of
that this is this is meant for Tanner
over alright guys we're going to go
ahead in the video there well I hope you
guys enjoyed anything yet so much for
watching I know this little sign is
pitiful we're not doing better one day
we just might not I kind of wanna do
like a tramp all whenever it's dry and
do like tricks off the slender
trampoline that'd be pretty cool
hi yeah I think you guys so much
watching this video don't really like
each other friends if you enjoyed
subscribe you knew and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out here I'll do a
back full one on the beanbag and you go
cover the camera okay
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
