guys whenever I try to edit this dog Oh
will not chill
she'll come lay on my arm and I just
know that if I ever miss an upload it's
her fault not mine it ain't my fault ha
ha I'm gonna try to edit I'll see you
guys whenever she could biting me what
did you going on guys today we are back
in today I woke up like normal and I got
on my YouTube channel and I was going
through the videos I've made in the new
house so far and I realized every video
that I made has basically been a vlog
I've been like to sit down videos and I
mean the fan mail openings but I know
that's what a lot of people like and I
like doing it's like my favorite thing
to do obviously that's why I do it I
realize some of my favorite videos were
some of my older videos that I made in
our old house so I tweeted at you guys
and I said I want to do a sit-down video
today that's what I'm doing right now
I'm chilling like some of my older
videos so what is your favorite so now I
have a long list of you guys's favorite
old videos that I've made and stuff that
you guys want to see and we're going to
go through them right now and I'm going
to try to do as many as I can for you
guys the first submission we have is
please do as vlog the real first one is
to try not the same challenge where you
put on a few minutes of a few different
songs and you have to try not to sing
along I've seen this I've never tried it
why not give it a go right now right
here we have the first song this is like
one of the biggest songs right now it's
like non-stop all over the radio and
it's always on in my car you guys
already know I let's check it out I can
do this I can do this not singing
just let singing
what's so bad no one's inside your head
okay I probably should have started on
something a little easier I shouldn't
have just skipped straight to expert
we'll just do one more here we go here
we go you good nice yeah I can't help
myself after you and my dream always our
last day okay that challenge is
impossible back to the video
Michaela Peters says try not to move
challenge never heard of this one but I
guess I'll give it a try I don't I don't
know what you do am i doing it right
what's on my iPhone I actually did this
one a long time ago back when I didn't
have very many subscribers but I guess I
could show you guys my grew message with
Dylan and Quinton like just a little bit
of it so I so Dylan sent this that's
nice is that oh yeah there's a lot more
like I could probably make a whole video
of leaking Quinton eyes text messages if
you guys wanted to see that I think it'd
be really funny but moving on definitely
a car video and a fanfiction love your
vids Thank You Brendon and I will do a
car video right now here's the clip of
me and my car from this morning I
thought it was pretty funny I just
wanted to do this
a full Guitar Hero vid there you go if
you guys don't get it through the fire
and flame song is just like a really
fast song and I was going fast in my car
and had like the guitar at my window
like I was yeah how to make it perfect
musically I actually have not made a
musical Ian forever
I was really offended because I wouldn't
verify me on there and I mean I put in a
lot of hard work when you go to sleep at
night when you wake up in the morning
and when you walked off I somehow have
223,000 on there but I'll show you guys
just really quick how to make a really
good one I've already made a whole
tutorial on this but I'll just hop up
there real quick and show you
oh you got a minute big time there you
go nice shenanigan I mean we usually do
it on December 31st like the last night
of the year but I guess I could make an
exception just for you
supreme HD actually sends it a little
bit revealing the hard drive of
stupidity
sure okay right and all right we're good
to go
well I'm actually going to be revealing
something really big later on in this
video so I will just save this one for
another time I'm sorry the bridges jumps
oh so they want to see like a bridge
jumping video it's a little bit cold
outside but I guess we can go do that
real quick I know a really sick bridge
jumping spot I'm pretty sure it's like
right over here all here it is alright
ah
would you rather with your mom okay I'll
actually do one round of this like no
jokes or anything let me call it real
quick
hello hey you want to come downstairs
sure want to do a game would you rather
just like one round like we just got to
put like two options and a half since
it's just going to be a really quick
game I got a hat okay we're gonna write
down some stuff we'll see you guys in a
second okay um put yours in the Hat
can't look don't look at all yeah no no
I folded up now I'm gonna no now I got a
fold minor oh ok fold it up fold up no
no put in the Hat you're gonna make sure
the round make I might get my own yeah
email I got the thing and I can get my
own maturity badasses okay oh you want
to pick first yeah sure alright region
don't look don't look
I'm watching you to the camera okay I
got yours do it well I can't do one jump
off the balcony or make out with Kate
Upton like like the poster oh I thought
you meant like litter no I wish what am
i jumping off the balcony on to the foam
pit yeah but all ice left the phone like
I'll put the pillows on
didn't do that hi I mean if you make out
with Kate Upton that's going to let me
read it yeah no I guess I'm sure in mind
so I know what I have to do after mine
are super easy and with nicer than that
supposed to eat yes easy old doughnut
there's an old doughnut sitting up there
in a box or put away the clean dishes oh
my god I want to do either
okay well ie jump stairs my Boise doubts
I don't do I don't use the dishes I
think I'm gonna get filled donut I just
don't want to do the dishes that's
boring mom you know me I don't like the
boring stuff do you know how long I did
the dishes like all through middle
school we just had a chore chart that is
comparable Donna oh it's hard I just had
two of these this morning matches my
shirt that makes me sick
I was really thinking your cheeto don't
get it all over it's better than the
eulogistic so I take one buyer you told
thing I said eat the doughnut hole thing
how bad is it it's hard this is two days
old
ahaha hey guys just love the pillows
really high let's go you're coming
sweetie hurt not donor was gross are you
ready there is a bunch of pillows
stacked up laying right on those see
that little hole where you can see the
mattress just don't lay him right there
and you'll be fine just one in your back
you're going to sprain your ankle do you
have shoes on Glenn on your back you
sitting is the same high but your head
is just lower is this higher than the
rest I did jump jump jump
mom I'm running out of photos you have
to jump now what if I fall back he's
sucking a full bag you want me to do it
I know a belly flop for me I'm scared
what I ate your freaking donut you're
jumping that's not like it can't hurt
you but don't I could hurt me it was old
there we go no okay I want to show you
how it's done but I don't want to mess
up the pillows do it and then put the
pillows a little closer okay you hold
kind of fall alright mom here's how you
do it see those pillows yeah
does I mother no it's a lot of pillows
yeah you're a freaking weeb bikini baby
one I am it's filming pillars I know but
it's out there no it's not here it's two
feet out
was it fun or what
see not hard very slowly all right I'm
gonna go make out with Kate Upton see
you later next up is most insane water
bottle trick shots ever honestly that
sounds pretty fun let's go do some water
bottle trick shots okay ready I'm going
to do all of these without leaving my
bed okay there's one there's two three
that was a combo and four let's do a
little off the wall Oh
leave a like for that one water bottle
King Braille world record tell us a
story well I don't really remember much
from my childhood um just really one big
thing that stood out
batters still wet from my shower so you
want to know how it happened you really
want to know don't you
well I'm gonna tell you is that a
fingernail hold up hold up a fingernail
in the carpet and roses hair I don't
want this thing any more it's going on
eBay for $500 just kidding um okay so
yeah coin and I have agreed for the
longest time we just didn't really want
to tell anybody our friend clay was
actually there on the day we burnt the
carpet so I guess here's a clip from
that morning with a wee bit of a fire
can't really breathe too well but
there's some burnt carpet for you has a
nice hole on it god I got the window
will open the stuffed Kate are you all
right so I'm not going to ramble on
anymore you guys deserve an explanation
I haven't told you guys how we did this
so you know what the time has come and
yeah so basically you thought I wasn't
going to tell you I actually am going to
tell you how we did this all you need is
one of these knives like this super
sharp just you know carpet knife and you
just got to go up to your carpet and
just carefully cut out the burn strip
try to make it an even square you know
don't want to mess it up get all four
corners smoothing it out get out the
fingernails and yeah it's really easy
it's not even that hard
and that is how we cut out our carpet
I'm so funny thanks for thanks for
watching but yeah guys we're going to go
ahead and end the video there and I hope
you guys enjoyed it a little bit
different video I just wanted to do this
for today you know mix it up a little
and yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it and
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave like interests
friends if you enjoyed subscribe you're
new and I'll see you guys in the next
one you came in looking like that you
just maybe
