what'd you just say that please tell me
that you're not community history no sir
I'm not
we're going to do it on the piece of
crap what did you all know guys today we
are back in today we have a makeshift um
but what is a twister spinner and I
decided you know every trampoline verses
goes a little bit like the same we just
get one thing and then we just you know
bounce around in it I mean we kind of
mix it up sometimes but today we mix it
up a lot and we have a bunch of nasty
stuff behind us came up with this on the
way to Walmart when I was going to do
something else but I want to do this
instead so we're going to involve my
brother and my mom Quinton wouldn't pick
up I was just like let everyone know
that's watching this that I am in no way
excited for this
I am Isaac right so we have one thing
that's not on the spinner it is the
chocolate and the strawberry syrup
it's Hershey syrup and since we doesn't
have room for it on this that is an
option that you can do instead of if you
get like something and you really don't
like it then you can choose that instead
but everything will get done oldest goes
first old it goes first and there's
mosquitoes at the point what are we
trying to do this have you watch the
translating verses there is no point
your dog food salsa ketchup flour kitty
litter pickles soap
Doritos yeah we got a lot of stuff I
mean hang you aren't yet oh yeah I
neither a vibe we're just this is our
lunch so mom you go in first right yeah
what we're going to do is we're going to
dump it into like a pile and then you
got to jump off one of the trampolines
onto it
Oh students so the person that's it get
a spinet or do we do everything it's
excusing them now because then you'll
spin it slow we get to how about it'll
go oldest to youngest of tristin can
suspend for you I get spent for Tristan
you spin for me
all right here we go okay fine so that's
not even bad Joe
looks like jello I'm going to record
this one before I get all nasty and
can't grab my camera we have a trash box
we're not making a mess in our yard this
time there's bubbles my house since you
can't do any tricks I don't know what
you're going to do just land on your
butt you told Ron and England this is
not your running slide in it you're
gonna ruin this thing that's why I wore
them I don't care if they met my shirt
yeah you never wore it
you're like Owen about to go off one
more one looks like egg yolks all over
your feet you have you putting your hair
up cheating jump in my back yeah jump on
your back
we rig each of your hair to get in it
that's not so much better than pickles
all right Kristin Stern I get in a spin
for Tristan Yeah right here we go there
go or you can opt for syrup but you can
only out for syrup one time yep I'll do
tickle okay yeah yeah hope there's one
that fell mom still Thornton I'm coming
pickles still no pickles I kind of want
to eat one I lost his hooves to a pickle
in middle school
all right have fun it's gonna hurt I
thought crabs is just your friend so you
can front foot I can yes
I think you've never taught me how to
flip I'll do it I'll see to your back
foot someday right oh all right loaded
jump on it
they can explode how ironic is this by
the way I want you do something it gets
all into the pile my turn can't sit on
and I had to sit in it yeah yeah yeah
that's right
all right my turn my mom's gonna spin
for me by the way I want something
chosen it's out I really want fire
actually I've always wanted to jump with
risk flour but it's already been done a
lot so here's my excuse just that last
bag of flour whoa whoa all done point
one three two one
oh there's so much pickles and laughing
who doesn't matter if you get into their
hideous yeah Wow
I really want to double front untuck
pick one up my butt
yeah oh just the coolest thing ever
ah I should just do trampoline versus
flower but get like a lot more that'd be
so fun
holy crap this is awesome lights out Oh
doll I just made a cloud save next row
yeah
but I get actor mom's turn oh that was
so fun look at me is this for you mom
let me hold it I want to help it
anything
dog dog ahh it's like hard dog food but
there's soap and pickle juice so maybe
it will be I don't know I shouldn't be
that bad we just got like all the fun
ones right out of the way oh wait I
could still see a syrup nope you already
put it onto the train you're Sol honey
well yeah that smells like rose oh my
god Carol have fun with that
that's worse than picking this land on
your butt again jump up and land on it
won't hurt I'm taking licker you it is
your water still stuck to your back eggs
I hope there's new kitty litter all
right here we go oh then into flour
nobody got flour tell ya daddy later
I didn't want this once on I'm all right
there's mosquitoes everywhere
don't open how do I do this can you pour
down the side I don't know yeah yeah I
don't have a cat do it looks like a
little just little rocks is that what it
is very much we had a cat for like I
don't know three months we're just more
of a rose and Luna people's to go my mom
sister then you do dance moves I'm the
only one I can do it oh whoa what about
the female smell it so it smelled like
oh hold on okay how I hit it with my
thumb flower again I they really want me
to flower oh my that's the line ketchup
for Doritos YouTube oh crap they're both
left uh I kind of want ketchup yeah
because I don't have as much clothes on
they'll scratch me out it'll feel
horrible I hate ketchup alone I like it
with other stuff whew oh oh my it don't
even look like there's that much ketchup
there's a lot done okay yep I'll do a
big gainer into it how's that sound
three two one look it's all sticky
I need a hose like right now it's so
cool oh my god ah
suddenly got really fun I do not like
this that was the worst thing there's
nothing that's going to talk to okay
salsa Doritos and Hershey syrup left
there's a weight over here something
there's a lot of Senate kisser for you
salsa ha ha ha
salsa ya know out of here anyone who's
also is you know I can't even open the
salsa my hands are so gross oh it looks
like some market it's not like a Mexican
restaurant times ten I want to itch my
hair like it's right here keep your
pansies grab a bottle I can't no my
hands are just as messy I don't give a
flying okay hey I got extra chunky just
for you there's a mosquito stuck to my
arm ow
frickin mosquitoes breast it comes out
kind of quickly cut on my finger and it
keeps getting in last one yeah it's a
spicy best lunch ever and it's all y'all
huh it's under your jaw
ya feelin okay Rozlyn know your front
row row hey hey yeah I don't know if you
don't roll back then and I mom's about
to attempt a single somersault oh I
should versed you in a game of tramp you
stuck way down my bed oh yeah it's heavy
looks like weighing down the trampoline
til you get it ah you want doritos or
sir what sir well you can pick it anyway
sadistic syrup Oh what's up Danielle
want doritos trace the doses the time
doing this to you wait wait
yeah I'm doing that said your thumb flip
into it yes from foot drops what front
foot do it now oh my god just ah God
tufflips ah that look like mom's from
play oh my god okay let's get my juniors
their waist I can go inside please
please please come back
oh yeah I'll just jump on the back here
put all the bags in there hey mom I
think these pants are ruined
let me show you guys an actual front
slit okay forms your legs straight in
there oh yeah only one of them pop you
kidding me yeah
that was kind of cheating you're not
really in the Dorito
what Oh last race broke undone thanks
for watching see you later shower time
nice well guys this group of this video
hope you guys enjoyed it again so much
watching w we like serious times you
enjoyed subscribe and I'll see you guys
next open up ah whoa seriously though I
got to go inside and shower so thanks
for watching and I'll see you guys in
the next one how it is for real ever
didn't get funny how am I ever going to
turn off my camera
you came in looking like that you just
made
