guys guys guys guys girls I have no idea
what this vlog is about my mom and I are
in my room right now we're watching our
new Facebook series if you want to call
it that Braungart family and friends
react where we just sat there and we
reacted to some of the old videos that
are on my channel as a family it was
actually pretty funny so if you guys
have facebook check it out I'm trying to
get to like 50,000 followers on there
that'd be rad so please check it out if
you missed yesterday's video
it was nice and again the yearly video
where we shenanigan yeah I'm gonna take
a shower and get less ugly see you in a
bit bye mother goodbye oh sure soon I
did some damage to one of the bean bags
that was lying in the yard out here but
I saw this video from Christmas of this
kid opening my merch and it's just so
awesome so I'm gonna put that clip in
now that just warmed my heart in this
freezing cold weather here it is it
looks like it snowed congratulations
Luna you ruined everything I just got
out of the shower and my hair just froze
and my sister and I right now are going
to my dad's house because it is my
stepmothers birthday she was born on New
Year's Eve
by the way happy 2018 when you're
watching this must be cool and we're in
the past
I can't hear so we're gonna stop by
there and say what's up right
I got you talk we'll see you guys there
Curt ow
how would you like the drive huh I feel
nauseous
yes we almost hit light speed but there
was just too many curves on the road
from gas brake gas brake keep it tight
right side hundred brake hard no brakes
no gas these are not very good no gasps
no gasps no brake a little bit of gas
hundred percent full throttle other
percent no brake gas gas gas and burning
trust a car near ten little gas ha ha no
matter where I go I can't get rid of you
guys happy birthday and bad behaviour
yeah I had some singing practice in my
music video so knock knock can I come in
Lily do you talk yet huh what about you
Mac I know you talked that's my boy
you know you're gonna warm up to me
someday you know that right can I have a
high five buddy yeah come on come on
come on Lily let's do this come on Lily
please all right Jenna thank you dude
your lantern matches your shirt look at
that
you see know what's right here take it
brighten things up a little bit in here
there you go tell us a spooky ghost
story yeah goodbye Lily goodbye you
better look at me you're leaving we're
leaving good night
beat the devil letter way hug montage
begin good night love me - good night
Logan good night oh and good night
grandpa - your name I was three days old
and they brought me home from the
hospital uh-huh you showed the neighbors
they're in Rock the new baby and I musta
tooted anyway I get stopped sure is a
little - three days old good night Vicky
I don't know why I say good night good
night happy birthday good night did
anybody not get a good night good night
I'm starting a trend good night believe
and give it give it give it give it
yeah I win see you later
well guys she is all wrapped up we're
back home we're back in the garage I
hope I didn't run over any class when I
drove in here but hopefully she stays
warm because I can feel the gears just
not wanting to move I might actually
start taking it easy with this car soon
because it is getting very cold here put
your check 11 degrees with winds but
she's got her blankie yes she does thank
you very much today rose but you don't
care yeah yeah come on come join me yeah
lay down lay down chill with the tail
just lay down can I hear a growl
higher because my windows won't shut all
the way I was just about to explain that
to them this will not close all the way
and neither will the other one over
there so it's a permanent icebox in here
not as bad as the Attic but I can turn
on my fireplace
I can amp the heat up to like 90 degrees
it gets pretty warm within it will trip
the breaker and all the electricity to
my room will shut off it's just too
powerful just use a little guy the
little little penis that's what it says
the court I had to order for Best Buy
should be in soon so I can hook up this
new sound system to my computer and then
I can play guitar hero with very nice
sound listen to the speaker I'll connect
my phone to it
this is half volume she don't know me
that's freaking loud bro trust me once
we get ocean man hooked up to that
there's no stopping us
Jennifer finally made it here like
literally finally I told her like eight
hours ago hey come over and I'm so glad
someone else here is gonna Guitar Hero
and you know sometimes my fingers get
tired I just want to watch she's playing
the song I kissed a girl and then she
has kissed a girl and I think she's done
other stuff with a girl cuz the fingers
go pretty quick several bad puns later
we are now all in my room for New Year's
we have a new year crew we were in the
Attic but we were scared the floor was
gonna break so here we are
dude you look so cute in my childhood
chair you're like a little munchkin
accept your kind of baldies ah I'll be
bald by 25 why are you so good at
everything please explain it to the vlog
we'll see my dad is full aegeon and my
mom is white so you're just the perfect
human 328 am so what's the phone Corden
how much time do we have one minute on
the clock oh gosh I gotta do what I do
every single year which is backflip into
the new year that way my new year's
revolution will be to become a better
resolution not rebel there's a
revolution around here we got 42 seconds
so let me warm up you currently have 20
seconds oh we're in the 15 okay you
better commission 13
it's not a dog bar without roads this
guy works at rock stars waiver you acts
like that Oh baby always looking like a
rock got a six-car garage 15 cars nice
and Hannigan's was over missed some
viewers may find the following video
disturbing viewer discretion is advised
I this Rockstar man just came in my room
we'll celebrate New Year's and he broke
Chad scatter tonight he's doing the
stanky leg oh he's doing the broken leg
how long I spent on him and how many
videos I wanted to break him as a joke
but I didn't we give him a cast my New
Year's resolution is to not break
anymore in my defense I was pushed first
the all right now the trans Gator that's
what happens when you play with Luna
that's what happens when you drink rocks
I mean it doesn't look broke yeah we're
gonna find superglue but for now here's
the sad montage
so now it is 146 p.m. Rose and I are
gonna hit the sack literally the love
sack so I will probably just pick up
this vlog in the morning right
hey I just stepped on some new pieces of
that plate I slammed on my floor too bad
nice and Hannigan's three guy
age-restricted ha ha ha mourn getting it
is more getting um well yeah do this
2018 that's not I would be graduating
this year finally so easy for you yeah
wait oh we did oh my god I remember that
you made me a little cake and I had a
YouTube thing on it guys I woke up this
morning to a throbbing pain in this
little guy right here you can see it's
still swollen so I was racing Jennifer
up the attic and I kicked the wooden box
really hard and I think it's broken
because sweatin wiggled it and I've
never felt a pain like that in my foot
I'm not going there not gonna do
anything for a broken toe I guess I've
technically broken a bone before I've
broken my pinky toes before one climbing
out of my water bed and one of them was
doing something else so I'll just give
it a week or so but mom is making
pancakes to weave strawberries please
drink some rocks don't with my breath
yes oh yeah I guess what else happened
Zach the Rockstar guy broke trans Gator
he broke the foot you can barely tell
but we're gonna try to duct-tape it like
right now I almost killed a rockstar
Quentin I'm in my underwear in a while
and that's pretty cool Rose this tape is
very old don't know if it's gonna work
we use that on the river in eighth grade
trying to make a rope swing with tape so
if we just take this and we go and we
work on the operating table dude it's
not wanting to stick to the back of this
at all I just think we were just go all
the way around like a cast as long as it
lands on this and no one else touches it
I think it's okay because you can't even
tell it's broken right now oh he's
looking fine but yeah guys I'm gonna go
eat my pancakes I hope you guys enjoyed
the last and first vlog of the 27:18
last time you recorded in 2017 the first
time you're posting in 2018 thank you
it's the 2018 that's weird
like I said vlogs every other day of
June
where is the goal so I can maybe regain
my mental capacity regain it you would
have had a habit and first shut your now
thank you guys so much watch this video
and don't forget lecture friends the
enjoyed subscribe for new now see you
guys next time yeah rock star guy I hate
you
you just maybe
