hey mom what's up nothing getting ready
to try on your new sweatshirt Oh where's
Rosa I still can't find her it's
literally pointing at her you know like
you get like his leg legs I get it that
did you see her side yeah she pointed
you're so dumb and smart at the same
time what did you only guys today it a
memo just kidding but yeah this is my
favorite shirt from the new apparel and
also I'm so sorry yes yeah yeah I'm just
about to talk about that to the red
light behind it yeah yeah okay red light
means it's almost dead so I'm going to
leave it on all the time and whenever
it's red and I'll replace the batteries
but I went and I bought a lot of
batteries for this camera for this
microphone I mean and yeah no more
microphone mistakes from now on I know
so yesterday we did a peel box opening
and we did a do-it-yourself Starbucks
unicorn frappe something she told me
about it was actually her idea but this
is the thumbnail for it and it literally
took me 45 minutes to an hour to make
this that is some high quality thumbnail
Aegean on I'm just looking real nice
down there right yeah Starbucks screwed
us over because they ran out of the dome
yeah no we wanted to have like one of
the actual ones in the video to like
taste test day I wanted to see how they
taste I never got to try it
so I'm upset but it was pretty fun and
see that hoverboard I haven't tried it
out yet we're about to go upstairs
because I know it's up there the guy in
the Senate said the battery was charged
so there's kids in our neighborhood that
like drive by on hoverboards and they
don't walk those come with me Luna you
can stay sleeping actually she peed on
my bed yesterday that's why that thing's
gone again I don't trust either of you
both of you come where's it at who's
there it is yeah how do you turn this
thing on right here yeah does it have
the little light I think it does look
guys this is about to be so static hold
up we used to have one of these for like
I don't know a mug my sister got one off
Amazon does she get it for Christmas or
something
Taylor Bowen by herself but it was one
of those that are supposed to explode
and there was like a big recall so we
had to send it back damn azan I want to
say this thing's better than he leaves
but Healy's don't take batteries and i
don't think these are allowed in the
airport these aren't even allowed in
like Subway's yeah cuz whenever we're in
New York I saw the sign is weird
hey Rose I have an idea for today's
video I think you'd have a lot of fun I
know
thinking no it's not teaching my dog how
to backflip on it on one of these I'm
going to take you for a ride in the new
car huh
you want to go in an r8 do yet well let
me get a gliding shot of Rose she's like
nope I could put a leash on her and then
I could like go on a walk and be even
more lazy okay before I throw up
let's go okay hopefully I have a GoPro
attachment I need to set it up in my
cars and off to hold a camera while I
Drive oh please there's one in here mmm
there's this I need this yes this is
what I need okay cool that and hook
where's the hook at this will do if you
ready to go all right hopefully this
thing will come off after I put it on
all Luna wants to go I'm sorry there's
only one seat look I'm sorry
next time but I gotta lay out this
blanket even though this link is really
hairy this is basically the dog blanket
hopefully this helps because Rose sheds
a lot you ready to get up in here hop up
in all right come on come on I got a
buckle you up we're staying safe there
you go there you go where's this where's
it at out there there it is now now
that's my side sure this dog dude come
on you got to get in your seat belt come
on put your foot through there come on
put your foot there you go another foot
but forward get your might come on good
enough whatever you need to go on the
ride hey sit still sister I
hey y'all run on your window for you
okay are they gonna make it to lounge I
don't know no no your breath stinks I
thought I was just moving you can't be
climbing all over me in this thing this
is not my truck hey Rose this is not
going to work if you keep this grandpa
sit in your seat dog oh yeah thanks
she's ready
and down a little bit guys I'm telling
you this little net back here is the
perfect thing for storing my camera I'm
going to put that blanket back there you
know if you take it cold it's like it's
just enough space even though the thing
with you people for a person and a dog
in this case we're going to go down an
empty road okay you're going to have a
lot of fun why's your hand on the
coupler like I have shoes jeez the hay
riding in the car but now I guess you
liked it
jion you tired you're about to get woken
up alright we're going to do a little a
little takeoff you ready and
he likes to get that smile on her face
now she's just sniffing around like what
the heck's going on she's like this is a
little faster than the other one huh
what are you doing get back in your seat
she still buckled up technically okay
ready I got you this time she she knows
she knows what's about to happen you
ready three two one
but that's what I don't like and I don't
see any red and blue lights I think
because hey now we're in the middle of
the road
ruff-ruff let me get up i we're going to
turn around you're going to get back in
your seat this was a bad idea okay she
doesn't want to get back in their seat
because you think the mother for it
alright whatever you can stay here okay
we'll see you guys back at home I'm
going to try to calm her down a little
bit like shake it hey come on out come
on out let me open the door a little bit
more for you there you guys come on out
you're fine get off my seats let's go
Road you jumped out of my truck that is
a six inch drop that was awesome wasn't
it you can go on more rides if you want
some other time just let me know
Luna's probably still too young and mean
to go on a ride in that car so I'm just
not going to do it she's been in my car
like once but Rosa and I were tight bro
hi guys we are back home now and oh god
hold on there she is
hi say something yeah be some more so
they know you talking hi all right yeah
hi guys reverb see if Luna can still fit
to the fence this is something I've
wanted to test for a while and I'm
pretty sure she still can change that
much bigger all right shut what are you
going to do and yep okay I'm gonna put
on one of my favorite songs
boom now let's go to the new trampoline
set up we got two bags a good train so I
mean we can do this it's really light
let's do it come on Luna you want to
ride let's do it second three two one Oh
daddy I can't do it you're an easel your
energy these crocs are hard to get grip
I feel like my toes are gonna go through
the head force is all right we did it
check this out guys we got three
trampolines
first time in a long time I've had three
trampolines in a row we left a trail in
the grass come up come on to the crappy
TV whoa yeah yeah you're Garrett my turn
cool uh that was chick wasn't it
was that a hiccup yeah - oh it's the
truth
that's right back full up - back foot
mouthing no you're supposed to be back
to back
I've been in the mood to do trampoline
lately because it's like the summer vibe
I don't know what trick I should do
though - let's look back foot looks like
Jax walking from one you need I which of
you can do the best trick
watch out rug don't jump on here you
know so yeah I thought Luna was gonna
jump onto you like right there
ah I forgot the rest of it now dongho
was about to doing all right okay you're
going down dude I almost did it - okay
onto the ground you go yay how did it
come it was only scary because there's
trees and I'm done anything only time
people like sort of sick combo who's at
my window Luna
it's almost dark now he has basically
done what's up she succeeded no that way
she did she just from the oh my god you
really wanted in or something she jumped
from the fridge to the bed like we were
talking about before right well we just
took a break after trampolining hold on
let me find the remote where's it at
oh it's on my computer there we go
we just watched Jurassic world I'd never
watched that one but her and I watched
Jurassic Park 1 2 and then we just
watched that one I was the 3 before
world yeah there was there's a really
good movie though they're awesome right
yeah and she watched half of it with us
but then she disappeared and I guess she
was at our window all right you want to
go to IHOP yeah guys I'm about to show
you an I hop hat hold on where's my
phone call I heart I found three
restaurants themed IHOP calling IHOP I
love spring a shaking how may I help you
I need to place an order all right two
orders of two by two by two with
scrambled eggs and bacon chocolate milk
and an orange juice you know we read
about it all right we'll be there and
there you go instead of waiting at your
table you call them then right when you
pull up your foods ready it's just like
you know driving through kinda not
really right she reminds me of the
dinosaurs from that movie well I think
I've recorded enough in I hop so we're
going to go without a camera this time
so yeah we're going to go ahead and in
the video there but I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching and don't really leave like
in terms of friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
where's my shirt at hold on this is
gonna be cool here will you hold this
for saying oh let me do this alright
okay
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
