ahem microphones on check check what's
that I'm I'm trying to be here with the
rest away your little one already fan
them cat cat where you going guys today
we were back in today we had
marshmallows
we have whipped cream and we have boxes
we also sprinkles over them the corner
fish kids can see my mom's on the way
with some syrup today we're going to be
remaking the unicorn rainbow galaxy
frappe or something that Starbucks was
doing for a while I've seen it all over
Instagram is soft I was like hey that'd
be pretty cool to make your own and I
wanted to get some of the actual project
for this video why they were so now I
wear around us I couldn't get an actual
drink for like drinking I've never had
it so yeah we have to make room 32
marshmallows yeah hey so we're gonna
start ready to put the marshmallows on
the bottom then the whipped cream and
then have the this sprinkled syrup so
yeah well my modernist you just discuss
because we got to have a little bit of
drink in our runner of coffee I know my
mom cares all in this house a mom gets
we're eating anything is water doing
nothing today I'm doggy and speaking
with Warren theater hockey puck they're
marshmallows say wrong kena ah-chan hey
get that marshmallow hey get that
marshmallow no no Loonette get away mom
get them out we're going to break my
legs again enter watch
raspberry not going to be read
yeah give em a little hot day tomorrow
we have a kingdom which is also part of
that suppose if I thought we did purple
and blue and I know and I would store
ciphers down Oh does I my mom's idea by
the way
Lumina now go ahead oh oh it's feeling
how I can use Joe it's a very juggling
content nota back to senator from God
really tough to lose are actually there
hope you should go and watch uncle
Kitchener mill hi don't you baby okay
I'm with whipped cream how to smell oh
yeah yeah I need another oh thank you
can I borrow them a back real quick
there because I want to do a face that
was bad laid over this makeover sounds
like every right now am I done
ha it's just fake ha ha nothing read
your penis bed oh thank you
put me off wind me up I'm gonna tell you
one big mouth hey back
are you guys gonna oh god all this looks
sick I want some sprinkles what is this
yeah what are these I thought they were
sprinkles please it's a big boy I better
keep our buttercream what now I bought
so much of it Denny stop we can't use
these blue gel get it want to draw some
stuff yeah bite it off
okay oh oh we got to mix it in okay is
this of edible of course is it all on
your legs a little bit there you go so
this looks freaking awesome
Oh mom Dexter oh yeah oh my god ah any
last thing mango for some reason so it's
really good and then we're going to
swirl it around before we do this
anything we'll sort with our feet are in
Soviet oh yeah looks not so poor will
probably go back and clean chance my
busy okay okay let's we'll stop it
around
first of all breathing on top this is
amazing imagine it abuse was like
actually in the cleanest I believe it
what the oddly satisfying video for this
is oddly disturbing okay well we really
just did filled with risk for the music
now no hairspray for a little bit well
whatever a stupid yeah okay so easy was
snowed open boxes yellow concerts are
cool opening video please by
Moffat pump from kaeleen hammer and
Ashland
wait from this this is from jolly
truffle I learned people get scared they
thing is ready to open attack that's the
picture that she drew of us I hope no
one gets beginning of this video I'm
just now saying
yes for your opening what whoa beautiful
Yanis with the drinks tall holy crap
whoa whoa we got we got drawn to it
we got a lot of candy pink and purple
nerds oh my god well the first act as we
open masters perfect this is for me this
says it's for Candace
really now it's pretty again chillin
thank you for the candy I'm open mind
you can open YouTube and right now yeah
Wow thank you I could have made a lot of
you at that video from today's ago good
but I actually do have a baby now both
sippy bubble girls think it's freaky
carpel thank you Rick Clinton
oh my gosh this is amazing for gum I
need gum in my heart because I've gone
like in my calendar my chalk and now
I've gone from all right they said to
get on a portable charger I know me so
well let me read this letter real quick
when I got we could get I got has to be
SS words for Tanner I let's see hey
Tanner my name is Kaylee I was in
Florida my friend Axl and I have wanted
to change email for the last two months
and I finally said quote why not I want
to target for a baby doll for you to
start your life a teenage dad series I
hope the side of this box doesn't freak
you out
inside the box there's a unicorn Lillian
unicorn on the side of the box this is
freaking me out now like I don't think
she what's the head this is weird I
didn't even know she's she's a magician
or something but every day we came home
from school we were super excited to
watch your new video PS the Reese's are
for you they couldn't fit in your boss
sorry for the handwriting hope we make
you on day well Thank You Kaylee hammer
the hammer I think it is that's done my
Reese's Pieces from newsy there's a
gradual open with care that salary
there's all my you got a piece of wood
instead of the tea very fragile very
tight what was it they want a guard
sander thank you all these rows on it
you got porn thank you from Elijah
Bailey things covered in tape
but you anthikad ism yeah sure don't you
smile you put that on right now I'll go
I am oh your printer yes come on is on
third ones but you're left out goes I am
you asked for it
here's you and howdy all right don't
really know me ha that is not fully
frickin Thank You janessa how's the
wings is everything go bail and go the
skin of a pope Thank You post on this
bullet gushers concrete oh hey Tanner we
are you standing we watch your videos
every day
and we have seen all of them we got you
an Audi r8 race car and the main thing
in the box because we think you would
love it or my mom would let me give you
batteries for but I'm sure you have
don't worry about we also got your
gutters fruit by the foot chocolate
skittles and don't forget Taco Bell
change we really hope you like it all
right
you shout out or you channels that would
be so amazing there every sweetie and PD
Anderson thank you so much probing this
clickbait box no problem Perry thanks so
much for this is honestly amazing
Jacob pile because II guess we just met
these are the next box yeah they're
director boxes your yellow virgin
I can't wait to cook dinner person fun
car cool hey they stopped all right now
what is it worth it for entertainment
hey look got a little Lambo finally got
into that box got some cheese in got
some noodles bean boozled bean side view
and figure that bottom because I want
your best friends that one kind of
earring okay just possibly fitting for
the open here and Brenner
Virgilia for Gilly for Gilly for Gilly
strategy late motocross magazine the
canner my name is cures Brenner and I'm
12 years old I didn't watch your video
some 700 subscribers and I'm so happy to
see you succeeding they literally
smelled subscribers subscribers I don't
like si
the entire mr. Fleming even though I'm
not very good at it I really really
really hope this chart works because I
don't have an ex-wife c60 anywhere to
test it you actually treated me like the
same one downstairs but it doesn't work
I'm probably gonna smash continue like
the other look because it won't turn on
anymore but I hope it's whimpers aww but
it will also set thank you so much here
in Spanish another one this late stage
this is the bet Galgo what lesson that's
their customer base that's okay we see
their zero now what you to play like
this this is amazing
thank you this is big dollar 104 Tanner
Braungart mailbox 98 I got the changes
six seven oh one out of the way that one
spent sixty one seventy seven ten
minutes all the way from Cape Coral
Florida Gavin Donald whiskey kill your
feet don't golf
about something all I know is it is duct
tape to the max I'm about to find out
what's in this big thing I've never
opened a package this heavy if I got a
an iPad no I don't know yeah food up
rivers I got many eye open
bunch of little cars in my kinship card
Nathen esterday lean in do it a lot
actually jww set up with a bunch of so
it's into the ring and everything yeah
oh nice families and I look eight years
old I freak out good job or did the
hoverboard I'm gonna be happy I don't
have one it's super heavy it in a
hoverboard box but then swag let off wax
Webley speaking up it haha
karna I can't drop this in the tub let
me open it over here I don't know dude I
want to be so very really cool put up
hey Tanner I'm 14 years old and I want
to become a successful youtuber good
I've budgeted channel is Gavin Gow
something here's the letter don't know
how to say his last name but if you can
give me a shout-out that would be
awesome
I watch your videos every day after
school and you've inspired me to make my
own channel I hope you enjoyed the
hoverboard I figured you could use it
for more content and I don't use it
anymore I wanted to send it to you it's
already fully charged thank you and fun
and keep making out the videos I love
walking them have a sick day bro well
you have a sicker day bro because holy
crap what charger oh why
holy crap no I know what thank you
David a wheelie even the wheel are you
 joking me look at the watch
thank you so much dude holy crap this is
literally a jungle if it what is up with
everything matching what we did for this
video I this is the best hair loss of a
although they all knew thank you so much
and this is the last package of this
bathtub pure box opening forever so
heavy I hope you enjoyed it yeah this
was insane did you guys like the video
better forget it
yes yeah we're going to go ahead and end
the video there and I hope you get to
join us thank you so much for watching
and now yea we do these weekly if you're
new to this channel we do is if you like
someone's weekly release try to probably
like church friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to new see you guys remember
thanks I huh
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
