okay guys I just filmed this but my
microphone wasn't on surprise surprise
so I get to go refill mints tell our
king can you hurry up in there I really
need in okay so what did you all know
guys today we're back today my sister no
my sister's stuck in my mom's bathroom
the doors not locked just won't open and
that's happened to my mom like one time
before but my mom got out obviously
she's not in there right now plug into
to Taylor it's not working okay well I'm
sorry about your life lag oh well that's
the news for today so yeah it is a
beautiful Saturday morning in the Braun
Guard household and today we hit 1
million followers on Instagram I woke up
to 999 k and then like an hour later we
hit a million so that is a huge goal of
mine that I've wanted to get for forever
so I took a picture next to Kate Upton
and I posted it and then I tweeze at her
and she'll never see us she hates me why
Kate if you're watching this because I
know you are you just playing hard to
get it I get it just slide in to the DM
so yeah you want to go for a ride let's
leave we've been cooped up in my room
all morning so we're going to go ahead
and go be cooped up in my car Logan's
already written in the car though
because I went to go breakfast with my
grandma one day and he was there and
then I took him to school but we're
still going to go hey hey not my fan
mail oh they must have got it off of
this oh my gosh
now I haven't started my car this
morning that means I can get an actually
like good loud start up
I guess I didn't care but it's loud in
the morning wait I can test the horn now
not bad I mean Lamborghinis is better
but you know don't in a few comments
that have been telling me to do it do a
60 speed test and I know the 0-60 is
either 2.7 or 3.3 one of the two for the
2014 I don't know how to use the manual
paddle shifters very well so I'm just
going to I guess I'll just do automatic
and I'll try to do a quick do 60 for you
guys and that'll be the only thing we do
with my car in this vlog let me get up
here to the road and then we'll do it
since I am a safe driver who cares about
the well-being of myself in the
passenger he's going to control the
stopwatch and you get a record and I'm
going to focus on the road you know
focus on the road there substitute yeah
is that respond involved yeah
we made it with this devil is like for
smacking strongly yeah but we didn't
have the greatest moment now we didn't
we profess my ally slower than everyone
else see I would be able to do exactly
Portsmouth well yeah well I play DJ pod
that's probably my problem okay we're
going to enjoy the rest our rides will
see you guys back at home oh god yes
well we found on the road now now if
only I had this I'd be phase right
and gentle model accessing huh look at
that boy oh I'd love to drop that so I'm
going to go we got to do another see you
later
- just doubled the speed limit now we'll
actually be at home okay no more car I
promise just no more no more
maybe it's like tomorrow or some far in
the future all right so as you guys know
we have quite a few trampolines we have
one in the backyard one in that field we
have the rectangle down there the new
one on the way that I keep talking about
that never shows up which will be here
soon I promise
but Logan and I are about to go to
Walmart to get a special trampoline a
piece of crap
aka a Walmart trampoline so after going
to Tanner Fox's house and doing the game
of trampoline on his trampoline I
thought it would be fun to go to Walmart
and get a bad trampoline come on and do
a game of trampoline on a bad trampoline
since we're used to pretty good ones and
don't you just want to jump on one of
those so bad oh yeah so Walmart didn't
have any trampolines we're going to go
ahead to Target hopefully they have some
I guess you guys can leave a dislike on
this video because it's not Walmart
trampoline game Tran just kidding you
can't don't
hey Luna thanks for the help you're
awesome
also we build a trampoline without using
any other parts oh hey you can have this
too we don't need and we kind of already
broke it a little bit and maximum user
weight is 220 pounds how are we both
going to be on at the same time if this
thing doesn't break it'll be a miracle
so we have a problem we messed up and
yeah that's going to stay like that but
who cares all residents pretty do it
let's do it about sense real quick guys
every jumps on like a saggy bag of
bricks max high right here oh my god
it's better than I thought this thing's
still horrible don't land on your head
and you'll be fine all right Logan show
us the check before we start the game
backflip
you got this man oh Claire you want to
do any Church before we start this game
oh and all I gotta say is you're going
down we got like me what all right it's
probably good my first trick is a
ballerina 720 okay we'll do rock paper
scissors to see who sets it okay ready
rock paper scissors all the only here
try not to take your vows there's
nothing to take but yeah the game's been
going on for a while but I'm sticking
this clip at the beginning the loser has
to what does a loser have to do a cold
is a pool really cold is pretty cold
like loser has to jump in the freezing
cold pool a ball out time to go for the
first checked ball out times 200 that
was I almost didn't make the frickin
ball out are we going to take turns
setting it yeah we'll just takes I'm
setting it my turn here we go kaboom
times 2 landed oh good luck bro you
kaboom right god no all there's one let
it let it yeah my opponent I've never
faced someone with such skill it's hard
to make this and chance because you just
can't
anything good oh of course to a
handstand one sided here I have to do
the hands yes okay like it it okay I'm
bringing out the big guns with no
backflip into it
just straight belly flush we're just
going to keep doing everything I said I
could do
Kody 180 all right knees to handstand to
Kody just give my hair oh how does that
count so you make it over there I don't
think so yeah gee loses oh my knees hurt
your knee bow your neck front flip the
back closer that's my foot it's an
excellent hey come back here didn't my
car sir sent dirty because of them I did
a standing I can't do that you can if
you believe on believing I can't do it
bullcrap you can do it you just Ricky
those office high five buddy because we
met right your turn we're getting into
them hard trick now guys double front
flip hey hey
and then this is a while oh he landed it
with Hansel well let him have it I guess
political double front that's actually
sketch
so so far Owen only has a tea and I
don't have anything this is literally
taking forever for people that don't
care about trampolines this must be
dreadful good luck with this one
Owen we can do third one but now I'm
scared oh no I got a bad valve tr get
rekt son that's terribly I'm really hurt
I am Oh God turns your handstand
outdoors oh my golly check that's a
guarantee
lock your back and you go up and then a
twist and then the front foot hungers
you got it oh yeah your knees effective
eating here Oh what you just did done
doing no more gay jokes on this channel
watch a Frick was that all out to
handstand to CODIS all out oh my hair is
gonna be gone by the time this is over
this one you got a strip during your
flips you have three backflips to take
off your shirt and you got to throw it
three two one Rick I can't fit your turn
again
I made a fake game extreme with my
friend Jake one who is messed around
this is what happens when you do a real
one takes forever we just finished this
off on the rectangle you want to I kind
of like to you look like all day on this
one yeah let's just go to the right fuel
screw to this height you can set it do
some and stuff yeah roundoff back with
video to zoom 182 kaboom - Cody - not
frontal United is frontal yeah
GRA - nothing all eyeball out - rhythms
landed in touch no I didn't let it yeah
it's he on me I suck dude this is
getting interesting now one jump that
ones oh yeah that was it your turn study
okay that's good that's is great I'm not
sure if I can do this but I'll try it
alright okay I've only done it one time
and that's when you're at my house
double Cody yeah are you kidding me soon
nope yeah um Josh I do that
go ahead don't mix it back the ball
Outlander yep I just get it are I just
going alright listen look at that TR GRA
my turn yeah oh that was it cone gainer
to your face you can do it to your face
out is that it that's it CR a.m. to CR
Owens turn set the trick this is getting
insane oh I can't land over front I
can't can't run a double sponsor now so
tra to TR a.m. I can't land a double
front like my brain will just make me
triple if I jump high enough away my
turn is that it I'm scared of these
frickin trees there you go you do what I
can't do I'll do that
Oh Oh juggernaut - oh the trees over
yeah I know is that the game that was a
game it's gonna be okay buddy
ah it'll be okay ah well guys that was
probably I don't know how well I edited
this but that took forever probably 30
minutes but I still hope you guys
enjoyed this video and thank you guys so
much watching don't forget leave like
your friends if you enjoyed subscribe
for new and I'll see you guys the next
one
yeah my fault you guys anymore hey my
fault
and I'm covering campus your fault that
I lost come here my here well why is
this cliff silent I wonder oh maybe I
forgot to turn on the microphone again
so I'm going to be voicing over this
real quick okay so we we realized that
we forgot to have Owen jump in the pool
once he lost so I came back upstairs and
that's what we're doing so yeah we walk
out to the pool all he tests the water
it's it's really cold whoo-hoo he's not
going to like this
yeah the heater hasn't kicked on it also
it's actually the same temperature as
before whenever Dylan jumped in it's
freezing cold
Owen was laying out the towels saying he
was going to roll into them and I didn't
know what he meant but but you'll see
and here he goes in three two one splash
whoo cold I did I don't know how to make
water sound effects but there he goes he
rolls into the towels literally he
actually rolls into them and here's
where my voice comes back okay well as
you guys saw in system school and I had
the microphone ah ah I was so funny
no we were talking about his nipples go
hard and stuff dang it I'm mad I turned
it off so that's all we're done filming
okay I'm never turn it off again it's
staying on I'm taping it hey they might
hold actually it is
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
