hey what's she doing wait where's Rosa
what the heck where's rose are you ready
to go huh huh listen ah come on you have
to come with me because I need a ride to
go get my car do I need a jacket car
back home no what is going on guys today
we are back in today Tristan was playing
GTA 5 and we decided to customize the r8
on here too what mine looks like except
I don't have a spoiler on mine yet oh
let me show you okay I'm not going to
tell you guys what color I'm going to
wrap it or which one I have in mind
right now I've had in mind for you know
weeks but I will tell you guys a few
other things I'm probably going to get
my windows tinted dark I'm probably
going to get a spoiler just like that on
the back probably going to get custom
exhaust I don't know probably going to
fix my hair because I don't know what
this is right now I'm about to go pick
up my car from the Audi dealership
because they had to like do something
with the interior for like a coverage
plan or something would you quit you're
being loud hey now know you might be
able to buy my Crocs but not these new
ones I like these a lot
okay so will you take me please let's go
I feel like I never filmed any part of
the house besides my room and then we
just go somewhere so the basement still
exists all this is still here there's
more than just my room but that's
basically where I stay all the time also
it rained a lot last night still
sprinkling a little bit I thought this
was a good spot for the trampoline but
apparently not I forgot the trees are
going to put crap all over it and it's
going to be all dirty all the time but
oh well thanks see it home alright yeah
just kidding they said it'd be a little
bit longer and we went and got Brahms so
bye again
well race you home haha I was funnier
the second time okay they're bringing my
car around but check this out guys there
there's the 2012 Spyder v8 r8 and then
there's another guys up there he has a
black 2014 RA that's a v10 plus as well
but that's from Texas I guess he's just
getting maintenance on it here but that
one's also super cool it's basically the
same exact one of mine but just blacked
out but believe me once I get my stuff
online it's going to be cooler than
anything okay
I have the coolest all right you ever
seen I mean it's already pretty cool I
like the dark blue but mmm you just wait
thank you bro guys look I already put
400 miles on this car I literally Drive
it so much basically non-stop for the
past three days well I made it back home
but now it's time to do the old
switcheroo from that one to that one cuz
your boy mobile is the only way to go
get Paris because her roads horrible you
guys already know this and I still love
driving my current you're going mobile I
feel like I'm in a semi-truck right now
so much higher than they are a oh my
gosh and a stereo suck so much work
Samia these pigs are pretty capable
person and that's apparently comports
with a church gathering take place of
people okay now I'm about to show you
guys how bad Paris's Road actually is
it's raining a little bit spill but I'm
going to show you guys anyway and after
it rains it's always worse like it just
what's the word hold on they taught us
this in public school doesn't eat in it
or start with the news like when water
tears away at land erosion that's it
okay after it rains that literally
eroded the road even more and makes it
horrible I'll show you guys let's do a
step by step of Paris's horrible Road
now I'm going to get out of my truck and
go into the ranch cool I don't care what
country boys whatever first you have the
insurance the gate there's a pole here
you got to watch out for that and here's
the first big bump let me show you you
gotta watch out for that one
it's pretty hard to miss in the truck I
can usually miss it in the car I'm going
to ruin my new shoes and my hair Oh God
next up you keep going down the road
there's a few patches of small bumps
nothing horrible you just keep going
next big bump is right here wasn't that
bad my lines are wet first curve is not
that bad you just keep going down this
road is actually pretty long keep going
keep going second curve has a giant
crater right here let me show you guys
it's like a foot deep if you get your
tire stuck in that you're screwed you
got to be careful and you also can't hit
this tree and then you keep going some
more bumps right here and then here is
the biggest of them all and there's
nowhere to set up my camera and I'm not
about to run the shoes for real so I'm
just going to drive through it and show
you guys from right here here you get
some big puddle and that big puddle is
what made my car squeak for like a week
and then the big big big transplant
should you just I got my car tire stuck
in here before it was super deep oh my
gosh it literally it was so bad here let
me show you look at how deep it is oh my
gosh and then that's like the last big
thing I guess almost normal to road the
rest of the way well yeah worst Road
ever I wish I could come pick her up in
my are a because it would make the trip
a lot shorter but it's just not going to
happen
hi sorry it took me so long I filmed the
why Paris's road so horrible things
here yes I know sorry come on what can
we do for today's video it's already
5:30 then go frog hunting up this room
there's no scratch to random stuff
really besides those I guess there's
still stuffed animals everywhere oh wow
what was that is that a yawn or a birth
which one you weirdo you weirdo so how
you lay down she bends her neck back
that tells of stretches and this is how
Rose does it yeah can they see us
who's blonder make the comment down
below so we have decided we are going to
be doing the weekly Q&A I'm definitely
not doing these weekly I've done I
probably skipped a lot of days I'm sorry
about that if you guys do like these if
you don't I don't know why not I like
them you like them
she likes um tweet me questions for a
Q&A hashtag terrace okay the tweet has
been made or you just got a notification
well best girlfriend ever someone made
it how to be Paris Anderson to rewatch
it's probably gonna be ten seconds of
silence because you never talk that was
spot-on anyway alright we're going to go
read some tweets and like I said before
if you guys want to be involved in the
weekly q and A's go follow me on Twitter
at brogurt tanner one T going from
Vanguard to tanner let's make a serious
thumbnails so I can make it about life
of a teenage dad so give me a hand
well you should be like this what should
I do for my ear up to it we're kidding
what was your first impression of each
other what was your first impression of
me that was like whenever I first saw
you
yeah very first show me my first hung
out her first time saw me or whatever
you dog
what was mine well she was like the most
antisocial girl in our town and so and I
was like the most antisocial guy so I
was like you put two and two together
and
I mean we mean what is what me and
shuttle stupid means you don't talk to
people and she's dumb and I'm smarter so
opposite detracting next time are you
going to Paris to school problem if so I
need pictures asks whispered Joseph with
two H's saying is I would be a junior if
I was still in public school but I'm
graduate actually did graduate from
online school anyway but she's going to
be a sophomore next year so she still
wouldn't be old enough to go to problem
anyway and I don't even know what the
big deal is about prom I never went to
any school dances I was just didn't I
didn't really like that stuff I just
would rather so am I going to your prom
now she doesn't want me to anyway I
guess I wanted to go because I still
want to see all the people from which I
school with no I don't how many months
hashtag Terrace asked share share share
eka sure Ricka Ricka how many months
have you been dating till I make how
many much we've been dating
I want to have four and a half months
we've been dating and we've been
knighted nice crowd sold two months of
technically dating because I wanted to
make sure you weren't dyslexic a Kansan
do y'all have the same music taste yeah
can you do an Audi r8 versus Bleach
video I poured it down my Challenger for
a it's even good for cleaning your card
I need to do more skits I don't do very
in many skits should we do an actual
life of a teenage a skit where me and
you carry around a baby doll I'm like
going public
yeah like trick people ah what what mine
a lyric oh we can do it we should do it
or we can let's take my mom's baby oh
yeah we'll get your mom's baby getting
my RA and go down the road with it and
then like I scratched today where did
you get your Crocs from we'll get
up-close Affairs deserves our cleaner
because your dogs don't bite into yours
I don't think we got ours off of Amazon
so these are like $30 mine really 50 is
ridiculous Bingle stuff here what's
refreshing all right your pair next one
did you like that I'm kidding this Paris
want to join your are mystic Adam II and
do you well maybe this will change your
mind
thanks Roberts Academy will you ever be
in a bathtub PA box opening yes you were
why does Paris hey Kate shaking my head
asks actually grad why do you hate cake
so much what does she ever do to you you
do realize I'm gonna meet her one day
she's jealous anyway if you get six
fights for a day what would you do what
would I do in Paris is body well I think
I'd taken that what would you do - I
want to know what you do what are both
of your snap scores I love you guys well
thank you to tanners so I want my phone
in no is it going to focus a hundred and
what is this a fifty seven fifty seven
her phone deleted me as a friend so she
didn't have the two hearts the best
friend thing we've been best friends on
snapchat like six months
alright let's choose one more question
to end off the Q&A do you ever think the
rest of Big Time Rush will follow you I
don't know I'm waiting on you James and
Carlos look half a Big Time Rush is good
enough for me if I could have all of
them that'd be a dream come true
but it's not in my control there's
nothing I can do besides tweeting them
everyday and annoy the piss out of are
we done but yeah guys we're going to go
ahead in the video there and I hope you
guys enjoyed it now you know how bad
Paris's wrote is and you got to listen
to questions being answered about us
what a day so yeah I think you guys so
much watching don't forget live like it
to your friends if you enjoyed subscribe
to new um where was I and I'll see you
guys the next one do it
do it anyone Holt do it now breakers go
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe
