and the microphone wasn't on yay good
one tanner well again what have you all
my guys today we were back in today I'm
here with Quinton and I'm here with
Tristan because it was going to be
sibling hide-and-seek okay but Taylor
was like high school and blah blah blah
so she didn't want to be in it last
second she changed her mind
so actually she never said yes in the
first place but Taylor if you're
watching this but today we have 30 giant
flashlights and we have light switches
in our house that go like this we're
going to just use our phone flashlights
no they're not bright enough dude
these are underwater like look they have
camo on them they're country boys them
you know in country lights dude these
are for frog home you ever had frog legs
that's some good eating right there just
kidding there's only one camel one and
it belongs to me you guys can have the
two normal black ones ha losers so if
you guys missed the first episode of
this with Dylan and Quinton basically
there's three rounds and everyone has to
turn to be it and the seeker has to
count in my room which is off-limits to
hide in you can hide anywhere in the
basement you can hide anywhere upstairs
or up upstairs you can't go outside you
can't go in the garage and what else so
yeah let me get this light out of this
little box here and we're going to get
started we'll see you guys when it's
dark okay forget about seeing us in the
dark hi hey these things came with
little car charges and stuff like if I
ever go camping I'm saying oh my gosh
it's amazing best thing this purchase I
ever made okay we'll see you guys when
it's dark now
oh hey Tristan alright so Tristan has
volunteered to be the first seeker
mm-hmm that's bright you look how creepy
those fish to look over the place
okay so yeah 60 second Gwen and I are
gonna go run and rules are no lies you
turned off all the lights upstairs right
right you promise yes
well actually the bathroom light in
Taylor's about things on cuz she's in
there you should have turned it off
you ready yeah I think that's a yes
let's go hey everything started this
clip all right let's get what students
look look at that yours okay one two I
kind of want to get the foam pit let's
first round I'll just do it right now
we want very much time soon okay
hopefully doesn't seem a camera
understood 25 26 27 kind of like what's
going on I'm wonder well can I get up
there how did Tanner do my counting
socks because it hasn't been filming for
almost fifty seconds and I was only on
30 alrighty guys I got my phone just in
case I need a call for help because
there's go
I think I hear somebody of normal in my
room because it's really dirty right now
listen I know your arm
dang it I thought I was completely
covered oh haha that's bullcrap dude it
was so hard to cover my whole self and
it was hard to breathe in there my
camera kept trying to focus is on
autofocus is really loud I just searches
in fine tuner looks like I win this one
guess I'm counting next dad no idea
where corn is and I wouldn't help you
anyway because I'm a good hiding seeker
so have fun oh shoot
I urge you find tanner I went get hide
in the closet he was in the closet yeah
well he's on the floor he didn't even
try I thought I heard him up there
alrighty you come next ok I'm going to
start counting once I get to my room
what did I do last time for 60 seconds
hmm I think I just kind of spun around
and skipped all the numbers I'll give
him a little more time to find some good
spots oh I actually watched Jurassic
Park today this looks like one of them
and that's a deer I'm gonna hide where
Dillon hid lost him because Tanner comes
out from right there and hopefully he'll
just go up the stairs where am I going
and that's a snake and and that's a dog
alright it's time to get them they're
probably wondering where I am
Oh children do I have to kind of want to
stay here wait no I don't think anybody
to be down here no I'm not I mean take
no one hides downstairs
Oh Rosita scare the crap out of me my
light turns off automatically oh he's
probably charged okay I'm gonna have to
keep doing this
oh there's them okay okay Quentin
Dylan's hiding spot gonna watch it
I put my chain over here when my phone
behind it so this game doesn't just Punk
with a good monkey
I have to get like charge it a little
bit here just use mine and I'll charge
your oils while I wait to camp okay now
I gotta go find Tristan hmm decision you
think he'd be even be in the foam pit I
was just there it's too easy trade did
mister to eat mm-hmm no you gotta
remember this is Tristan he's probably
laying on a couch or something not up on
top of the closet well there's a bug
that killer I don't know
Tristan your room might be as dirty if
Taylor's boys and watch you guys are
taking anyone very surprised the fleshly
interlocking yeah I literally feel like
a prison guard running let's check this
fall mm-hmm did you see a nun athletic
gay Camden come in here okay that I'm
still checking I could say that could
use my brother and yeah I'm kidding I
love you Tristan there's no way he's up
there okay that checks out long dreams
like the last room I checked yeah he's
not in here anyway oh there you go oh
here you won that one on any airline the
freakin buster I was about to jump in
the wash another now hear what I said
about you yeah nobody DQ acquaintance
started I guess I thought him first that
works out he would add to County anyway
but you're cheating
watching Instagram video you turn your
lights on you you jerk you're under
arrest
okay I want my I want my camo on back
okay even is not charged okay I'm fine
okay I think you can stay on the yellow
and is not ready I'm gonna go in the
guest room
yeah we're supposed to count to 60 but I
really want to count so I'm going to do
is I'm just gonna record probably the
ceiling until
the time gets to 60 on the camera and
I'd be like oh it's in 60 seconds so
here's the ceiling no I don't yesterd
kill you try to get attic Justin's me to
be in their guest room eyes up doors are
open that bug better not still be here
home or go in the guest room closet hey
Carlo check in here oh my gosh Tristan
you're quite the lego collector what if
I could hit this this is so that was
skinny I don't know if I can fit you can
watch is die uh or a 45 I think I can
fit nicely squished internal hey where
is 6000k I heard footsteps upstairs that
means there's at least some upstairs a
little this I'm getting claustrophobic
Oh that'd be a good fuck
oh do you find kissing first no are you
kidding me ah holy crap dude how'd you
get up there I literally stepped on that
to avoid the Legos look how tight the
space at all I did oh my gosh so hot up
here well with my only friend were these
Legos and that ceiling titty right there
I'm about to start sweating just walking
in here why is it so freakin hot
there's no air look there's a vent right
here but it's doing nothing they need
help down he's gonna swing down Oh Paul
oh yeah turn up step in Lagos alright
let's go find Tristan coming you can all
venture one for the Roger you give me a
slight lead over this is my algid last
spot alright your hint he's very close
to me not in this room now but it's
close thank sorry I look gross I really
if he pulled the classic under the bed
and I didn't even look I will see in
them okay literally weird I have him on
video running into that room I didn't
check the cabinets I like skim through
the bathroom there's no way you could
sit it says in here could a person fit
no I didn't check your Mangia my figure
those off ones doesn't go off hiding
where you put your clothes wherever you
want whenever you want to get dressed I
put them on my body actually okay though
everybody's oh that's where I was
finally we just still each other's spots
in the last well who won who did the
fastest time about me you think you did
I found you two pretty fast
okay also I was lawful to be found both
times here's the winner just like the
gay Kansas yeah okay I'm going to do the
outro my camera cuz I like to come up
well guys we had some technical
difficulties with the flashlights just
like we just did but I found some
pop-tarts it's all going to be okay but
I think that one was even more fun than
the first one I just I like being in the
dark with you guys one of them being my
brother yeah anything can happen in
Kansas okay that's enough of that but
we're going to go ahead and in the video
there and I hope you guys enjoyed it and
there was another new house
hide-and-seek I keep telling her the new
house I don't know if I called it that
in the title or not probably shouldn't
have we've been in here like a month and
a half now but that's the only name I
have for it
oh yeah normal house freeze go ahead
calls it the fortress and shall I start
going today they probably think we're
playing in like a castle or something
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget leave a like and share their
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to new
and I'll see you guys the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
