what are you going on guys today we are
back in today first off my hair is
blonde again I just like the way it
looks blonde so and I like my dog rose
rose and she's blonde so I like blonde
and I usually turn blonde in the summer
anyway and it's almost summer so hey you
know what why not and also I got the
blonde bean bag the elk fur we have
another big one finally have the second
john bean bag in my room it's like a
playground for the dogs they jump from
there to there to there but it's a lot
of fun I was going to take an Instagram
picture with rose on this but she's
soaking wet she's been jumping in the
pool the pool is open it is still a
little bit too cold to swim in we are
getting it warmed up though the pool
guys are going to have to come because
it's just taken too long it should be
ready by now but it's just taking a
little bit longer than we thought but I
cannot wait for to be ready it's almost
ready and yeah let me put a new battery
in my camera is about to die and if you
guys somehow missed yesterday's video
you guys have to go watch it right now
you have to go watch it okay I really
loved that video it is my Audi r8 video
let's check on the beauty stay - I drove
it to go get my hair cut because I still
have my Challenger I was supposed to
pick up my challenger yesterday but the
steering wheel parts that I needed never
came in so so right now it's just these
two I'm fine with that
and whenever my brother gets outside
we're about to go on a ride he hasn't
ridden in a yet I'm gonna have him vlog
it so we can go on his channel I don't
know when the last time he made a video
is but he needs to make more videos so
it's going to be on his channel if you
guys want to go check it out it's just
Tristan Bron gar should be a lot of fun
course it's going to be I've like
literally still loved this thing see the
smile on my face is not going to go away
for like a month and then it will
probably still come back every time I
hit again alright guys we are with my
grandpa now we're at my grandparents
house is where we just drove with
Tristan he's inside because there's only
two seats and we're about to go on a
ride I just saw a sheriff down the road
so
take it easy after one could get to the
corner
you ready yeah
you can drive once we get up here if you
want human Drive okay we're going to
switch yeah this you use a lot lower
than you can fix this you can tell if we
get pulled over will the same them
Tristan's driver's license Eli no get to
shoot you there yep yeah no it's really
Teddy your head hit the roof I'm lagging
about ten feet n plus regions oh yeah
yeah does he grandfather Stephen
approved that's it it is definitely a
please yeah we're going to go back home
and we're going to set up the new mat on
the new trampoline actually not new
trampolines the old one because the
paint room was it but I got the new one
in the mail so we're going to set that
up and quoting should be over soon he's
going to help me out and I forgot to
tell you guys what happened yesterday I
graduated high school I wasn't supposed
to graduate till December but the school
said I was ready so I was I was like
okay and then I graduated and I get my
certificate so I guess that's cool
probably not going to college for any of
you wondering I just I'd rather do
YouTube and follow this path instead of
the college one because that's just not
for me you know you feel me yeah
all right you going to college hell no
and the first time washing the car is
now his look the tires are a little
dirty yeah from the dirt road I just
want to watch it and I've never done the
self wash carwash thingy I've always
just done automatics - Tristan - to help
me honest I wanna do a girl boats camera
all trading let me get that burden off
we ate a bird on the way here I didn't
tell you guys it's been my vlog Oh often
yeah
got him okay I'm not going to become a
car channel I promise just for like a
little while like four years doing all
that horsepower and over on the gallop
that's from a movie called Bruce
Almighty starring Jim Carrey whose
birthday it is today so happy birthday
Jim Carrey I love Jim Carrey same
question are you ready yeah let's do it
it's right over here under the clickbait
still too hot to wear this right now
still my favorite hoodie duh this should
fit I'm not 100% sure but it should and
if not then I'll be like the trampoline
that was ruined is still ruined instead
of it fixed so the worst shoes on yeah
movement okay so look the things all
like it's not even right now we're have
to scoot it back because we're not gonna
be able to build it and I got to get all
these out of the way from this
trampoline that used to be in our old
backyard but it's a we don't know where
the rest of it went wait let's do the
try not to break through the trampoline
challenge actually let's do the try to
break through the trampoline challenge
and what you do one of my thought one
time I feel like you just like tuned to
a V and go straight through just a
little bit almost fell through that time
I swear that did give me
ah stop it ah where'd he go Luna the
last trick on this trampoline before we
fix it here now let me turn the light on
my butt in the middle oh okay this is
the name for good
yes where this is going Quinton the
closet of memories souvenir shelf
closet of memories souvenir shelf all
right we're going to get this thingy on
it's probably gonna take a little while
don't worry guys these Springs will
still be purple and green and
multicolored so the springs will still
be pretty even though the mat will be
normal again we're probably going to
take these off by the way cuz they're
basically just ruins yeah it is fall off
accident and snap now it's done so
Quinton I get with it haha I did your
side sue sure okay it's ready
yay it looks brand new but it's really
soft I mean not thought oh it's really
hard but the a bouncy it is Oh same
bounces before the paint
yes Wow yeah let's show them the new
location move oh yeah I'm put in between
two trees because I know it's in between
three it's a triangle we put in between
trees because of the shade will look
better
trampoline versus because in the Sun
it's just all bright and what summer it
should be cooler when it was young look
all this is still painted there's still
splatter marks a thing and then the new
black maps so cool moon is out there
chilling in the shade to Andros it's so
smooth this is the first time showing a
flat ground and a good mat for like
month
dude it's like so near that you can
slide on
you ever do that like try not to split
game with your siblings hahahahaha I
would get up passing by the leaves angle
of the tricks it looks like we're in the
middle of the forest well welcome to the
jungle
we have flying games we also have we
also we just do triple-a video sometime
this week we have to put this by the
pool whenever the pools like warmer
we're going to put this by my mom's
about getting you some chicks
oh yeah who's gonna move that not me
we're gonna have to push it through the
gate all over there and all the way
around the yard I one last trick ready
yay ok I'm done for now it's ready you
say it is been interesting to hear you
do my makeup so well I'm quitting here I
get my car with me let's do it alright
still doesn't sound that loud whenever
it's been warmed up like whenever you
drive it recently it's been like 2 hours
they'll try to start it up this morning
it was super loud but then three hours
later it wasn't very loud so I don't
think it'll be that loud there's just a
little bit of a bird
Quentin's over there looking at Corvette
he loves them and I think he'll get one
he'll find a way he can do it I know he
can how much just have the cry song does
have the price but it's a no.9 and I 114
I wanted a 17 I got a 14 so all the
green button is going to drive my
Challenger home and he's going to get
some shots of me driving this because I
don't really have any only have that one
in my video yesterday and me come out
from under that bridge finally the
family's back together yeah and this
other family's back together to give me
a guy psyche no you were you know I went
for you oh you hurt my feelings my
family didn't we have my brothers and my
mom's two vehicles too I have two blues
my mom has two red
okay we're back home just took at bomb
Instagram picture on that singing with
my hair to the matches like it like I
already said but I think that is it for
today's video
let's see the rest of the day I'm going
to return these limbs that I don't need
that came in and then what else yeah I
got to rearrange my shoes I got to put
them in that thingy over there because I
don't trust my dogs anymore not since
what they did after I was gone so yeah
guys I guess that is basically for this
video and I hope you guys enjoyed it and
take you guys so much watching another
vlog don't really like it here at event
if you enjoyed subscribe for new and
I'll see you guys in the next one
it ain't full it ain't all wait should
we do a new house hide and seek again
soon because it's like people like that
one this video reaches relax D normally
get it like this cool stuff like 75 we
had sixty nine thousand nine sixty nine
thousand likes and I'll put them up on
the screen like beautify this
my part you came in looking like that
you just maybe
