yeah look at the total real gonna be
making a FaceTime call to Quentin
Quentin are you kidding me he's biting a
plate
I said FaceTime I'm just kidding yeah
but I'm in the car and I have to have
Wi-Fi to FaceTime oh okay
guess what why I watched my old getting
my new car video and you were in it so
you have to come with me okay oh okay
yeah I guess you're according to
scholars you of course I am
bye bye what did you want I guys today
we are back and today is finally the day
it is the day we've all been waiting for
for like not that long because I just
now recently told you guys actually I
haven't even officially told you guys I
was getting it but today we are getting
it we got to go to the bank get some
stuff finalized of course but today I'm
95% sure the audio right will be mine
I'm so excited for those of you that
don't know this car is a supercar this
has been a dream of mine for forever it
has always been one of my favorite cars
so I'm so excited we're going to go to
the dealership in a little bit Wendell
may be there to record because my mom
sucks at it I can't wait I'm so excited
and cutting you off your wallet so don't
get pulled over on the way coming here
this is what I come upstairs to see you
guys are having a stuffed animal party
what's going on here they literally take
all of them from fan mail so if you guys
said anything just know it's probably
theirs all right I'll see you guys later
it's that time right and okay so my mom
just went to the bank and everything
good there we'll hopefully this goes by
fast we can get to there and get the car
because last time remember it took a
while we even had to wait like overnight
but uh we were in LA so they had time to
get everything in line now we should
just be able to show up and like get it
and go and literally not being able to
sleep very well because I sit in bed and
I'm like thinking about it and how oh my
gosh and with the help of Quentin I've
got this radio aux thingy because I
couldn't find an aux cord n'yar I if you
guys watch the video whenever my mom and
I test drove it I think it's Bluetooth
so I don't think I actually need this
but this also charges your phone as you
play music so this is going
to make my life easier okay we are here
at the Audi place remember I said I hope
it's a sunny day whenever you like a
happy sunny day because it was like all
rainy memory tester of it there's all
sad yeah it's perfect perfect day out I
was going to wear some of the new mercs
like the hoodie button I was too hot so
guys it's actually my mom's alright
because she signed all the papers but
I'm just kidding I'm actually paying for
all of it but she just has to sign it
because I'm not old enough yet what was
it even huh because in the back guys
look at this this is a second key I lost
the second key my Challenger but I'm
keeping this one staying in the little
red box look this all right we're gonna
go review some of the stuff of the car
because you guys know I'm not a car guy
you've seen my videos I call a Ferrari a
Porsche yeah I don't know a little city
yeah like it's a screen not really
can I step on the spinny thing you know
I just feel like you're scared to step
on this when there's a door on it oh I
was wondering how to get in here for a
second
teleportation um around down an empty
road won't first and it'll be tomorrow
this is like I'm sitting on my dresser I
know it's so low right there's no way to
explain it so low you can literally just
cut your dress down right there see I
put my seat up with this whole thing so
because I'm short so I can actually see
over the wheel I'm gonna do like a quick
little edit right now of the car um yeah
go
tell me okay yeah yeah the jumps in the
front
how'd I even pop it let me find out real
quick um oh yeah this oh there you go
no they're not that big um it's enough
for my backpack maybe suitcase I don't
know oh I can't line the trunk like I
could do okay I'm gonna start it up real
quick you guys can hear what it sounds
like
hopefully hopefully the video does it
justice on yeah we already go to the
back yeah yeah let's go guys huh god
it's hard to get over should I shove the
mic into the yeah wait okay
go already for pepper flour that is
quiet here we'll give it a read
we'll get a good start up later promise
we'll make your neighbor's man
yeah if not whenever I'm adding this
video in the morning I'll go out to my
car and like started up you guys are all
think of it just sitting here we're
going to get on the road soon I promise
it just got a few more things to get
going and I don't know anything about
this car he's trying to teach me all I
know is that you can get behind here and
there's a little SD card slots it's
pretty cool do you know how to flirt
Android I think I mean let me see if we
can get this working because we're not
going to get the Bluetooth right now
because uh yeah it's just gonna take
some time
let me see if I can get the radio ox it
would like oh sorry about the beeping
here I'll close this real quick right
now give it a try going yeah there we go
better that's good babe I were good
we're going to have them pull it out in
them we will we'll hit the road star boy
album is first thing that we'll play in
this bad boy
holy father building for you to film
yeah we'll take it a picture yeah okay
come on pull it out that's what that's
what she said all look at it with it oh
my god dude I wasn't so high right now
wait wait where you going buddy
no no this will just come back front of
the buildings over there okay and bye
yes oh my God look at it look at it
you have any questions you have my
number yeah my cell phone number is on
the on the card and everything so feel
free to give it thank you for taking
care of us absolutely making everything
quite easy but they absolutely enjoy be
safe
oh well thank God yeah yep yeah
backing up frickin believe this I never
like oh you guys remember I don't know
if I ever told you guys I'm like I was
so scared driving my Challenger home
after I bought it yeah I just turned 16
years old and I was in my Challenger and
I was like just about to drive at home I
was like freaking out shaking and I'm
like the same right now I'm just super
scared I'm gonna test over this before I
think we're all good but the breakdown
will be on our way of course we're going
to be mob and we're going to put on the
weekend now what do you guys whenever we
get home
ready I'm gonna do a quick little of if
we're getting stayed only trap first
time pulling into the house the garage
doors not even open I'm gonna have to
get out overnight oh there we go
I gotta move some stuff out of the way
you know what I think my truck is going
to be parked over yeah why don't you
take your challengers foot should I was
basketball away I don't know if we'll
see for now I'll just put in here we
made it we're good okay so for those of
you that want to know like the specifics
of this car right now it is three
thousand and six and nine miles on it
it's a 2014 v10 plus and yeah and only a
3,000 miles on so it's basically brand
new it was like a hundred thousand
dollars less than the 2017 which I
originally wanted but I've like fallen
in love with this car more the 2017 kind
of look like other Audi's this one's
like really specific it's really unique
and what sets the horn those bills just
like the Lamborghini has to be on oh my
gosh yeah well test it later and yeah it
has the diamond stitching leather seats
it has the diamond stitching on the side
as well as the carbon-fiber door has the
carbon-fiber exhaust and a little fairy
roof doing the pedal yeah yeah has the
little shifters up here and then you can
do it right here as well so it works as
a manual and I have to like learn all
the other stuff I'm not a car guy
you're bueno over here I'm not parking a
spot in your here Quentin's starting to
drive we're going to roll up the window
that one drew will do if I'm driving I
get Alex look at my hair we had the
windows down
I guess minutes I'm like addicted you
never learned out like the speed limit
yeah all of us okay we're going to go to
my grandparents house right now because
I let my grandpa Drive a lot of time
like I brought him in my car whenever I
got my Challenger then we'll get my mama
drives may be brother and sister
probably done for another vlog then
maybe Paris Wow good job
howdy get a job I'll get a real job
someday you want to go for a ride all
right now wait a molder y'all doing
I don't care if whenever you're ready
you let me know that it's an Audi r8
motors back in the back yeah your car
and your garage is lighter than this
though yeah I'm on here - yeah I'm fine
I'm gonna get a snack I need something
right now I haven't had lunch all right
let's go get one yeah thank you
well yogig girls like we did last time
into the pool oh yeah over there hi
myself a ham and cheese but I got to get
a sugar cookie before we head out in
uset car before we go - mmm thank you
mmm yes we can
insane yet take a look at the inside
thank you you know what my old van quits
I think I'll buy want to be yeah of
course you can borrow any time you need
thank you have last big purchase for a
while just wanted something to you know
play around I bought the house for
everyone and then now yes is mine so I'm
really high I like it yeah I know it's
really cool I think we're going to wrap
it in I don't know when we got a decided
for ownership in California or do it
locally it just depends what I want and
how we're going to do it we don't know
yet I love you love you too see I can
hug because you're short and this is
like really low see you later and see
this little net thing it's perfect for
the camera okay look at them
side-by-side
you want to go for a ride
which one would you guys pick huh I
don't know there I fixed it we have a
more appropriate parking job now
so I'm driven in here with me before she
already knows what it's like but it's
still fun so you can hold this coming
there you can hold it up in front of you
so I don't even think that you have to
be in it of you
yeah you tell me after well you can't
like about ten seconds
Wow all right guys we're back home now
and I just wanted to talk to you guys
for a little bit real quick so if you
guys have watched the first my new car
video whenever I got my challenger you
guys know that I was like really nervous
in that video I was scared of what
people were going to think if I had a
cool car at a young age so in that video
I was like I've worked for it and I've
done this Matt and I was like trying to
explain myself but I'm not going to do
all that again all I want to say is
thank you guys so much for all the
support that you've given me over the
past year nothing I've done would be
possible without you guys I've said it a
million times from the support of 3,000
subscribers that got me through the rest
of sophomore year before I could do
online school and pursue YouTube with
all the support now at almost 2.5
million subscribers you guys are
literally the best fanbase ever and I
cannot say thank you enough the last
thing I want to say is that do whatever
you want to do if it makes you happy
because kids in high school used to make
fun of me they totally trampoline
youtube it was stupid you're wasting
your time and then it doesn't matter
what you want to do if you set your mind
to it and you want to do it and you
don't listen to people keep your head up
and listen to the people around you that
love you and you can accomplish anything
you want and that's that exactly a year
ago I was just a normal kid with 6,000
subscribers and now I'm a year older
with a house and three vehicles at age
16 so you can do whenever you want she's
going to take some hard work I love all
you guys and thank you guys so much and
this is not the end of the video we're
going to go get Paris real quick and
that will be the last thing that we do
so let's do it you ready hi
hurry
you like it yeah I love it
that's what you're the last person to
ride in it for today I know she wouldn't
care about I don't care I don't care
that you don't care I'll do my answer
when I get home and volume driving bad
yeah guys we're going to go ahead and in
the video there and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you so much for
watching
Dover you leave like in chester friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and i'll see you guys in the next one
and don't worry i won't drive like i do
on GTA 5 yes I will you came and looking
like that you just may be fun
