what is going on guys today we are
vacuum today is our last day in Los
Angeles are you ready to be home yeah
you ready to go back to school yeah I
don't think I've told you guys this but
we've been carrying each other's bags
like that's actually my bag I've been
carrying this one because that one sucks
on the handle shorter and I'm taller so
I always kick it like kick the back of
it it's not okay so I'm kind of keep
this please yeah right now we're heading
out we're going back to where we at
right now we're in we're in Anaheim
we're like an hour away from where we're
going we're going shopping we're going
to get shoes because getting actually
like this I don't have like any cool
pairs of shoes I have like one or two
cool pairs of shoes that I vlogged me
getting last time we were in LA I got
those white and black ones the Oreo
looking one and I wore those like every
day so today I'm going to try to get
another cool pair of shoes maybe one or
two I like hardly ever buy shoes but I
just really want some so we're going to
we're going to go we're going to do that
for the last thing we do and we fly out
today at 4 o'clock but if you guys have
missed any of the LA vlogs I think I
should definitely go check them out
there are some of my favorite vlogs too
you know get away from home for a little
bit and I've liked them all so if you
guys haven't seen all of them go check
them out
so we're going to this length is called
cool kicks or something by Rodeo Drive
Tanner Fox told me about it just Hannah
Fox has cool shoes bro and I'm just I
need to copy my copied his name he knows
I mean should I buy a more rhythm
there's only one kind of easy shoe that
I've only really liked and they don't
have it here so I'm just gonna so I'm
going to get this other one with Tanner
recommended this kind of couldn't decide
these any better lighting these or the
black ones but I have so many black
shoes I'm gonna go with these they're
kind of cool-looking let's go I'm
starving so Glade for lunch all right
yeah first I get followed by half a Big
Time Rush then I get some kick
get on my level now let me drive the
minivan and I'd be really cool I just
realized I bought these but then I have
to put on my heel he's at the airport
this is a matter really why this thing
Yulia problem I just a back by you
though does I don't want leave you in
there for you get off we'll see we mix
it up we got some Jack in a box
I'm sorry subway I tried but they wanted
to change it up goodbye minivan we're
all gonna miss it right yeah I gotta
give you babe and from now on next time
yeah did you just sell your trucking car
and get one of these and then I can
start my life continues that series then
you can already be a grandma I'm too
cool for a minivan thank you
and guys I've seen a lot of comments
that are saying you're gonna you're
going to rap you are able you're going
to wrap your are a clickbait like like
this
she knows you know I know you know
everyone knows but you i miss GTA v i
missed that game so much i also miss
friends i miss my dog you say I'd miss
you but you can't percent me what else
do I miss your car my car I missed the
car I don't have yet I missed the car
the city to dealership
my favorite airline goodbye cool new
shoes hello cooler old shoes
guess what Paris modern cooler here no
no guess what you know I'll tell you in
a second actually I'm going to teach you
how to helium yes in this Airport let's
skip the crap where you say no and then
eventually I convince you wants to do it
I got to get like warmed up just to be
able to teach you you know I'll watch
now he's coming you're not ready to do
that you just got to roll around we'll
teach you let's go where there's not
that many people and then you can try it
okay have you ever written in Haley's
before probably very well whenever
serious little let's go this looks
pretty empty I'll check your shoes let's
do it come on this year please honor
you're not gonna fall probably gonna be
a little bit too big but yes you do at
the time you're going to roll right over
these just not used to time to always
wear Crocs give me a second anytime
look I've highlights as normal you guys
know how she does all that weird stuff
we'll pick up some straw wrappers you
should see your tie shoes okay there you
go
think you can do it curator you scanner
I'm going to get a professional shot
ready
okay this is what you have to do listen
very carefully okay step left then right
with your heel so it's like that and
then bring your left foot forward and
then put your dad you're going to have
your right foot forward and then you do
this you know I'm saying so your right
foot back will go left left normal right
heel left heel
here's a Healey tutorial for you guys
right left right left like step into it
and then that's how your speed
yeah no really scared you want me not
you can hold on to my arm first time you
want ready okay but you're healing
really close because that's how you like
don't fall if you don't have it really
close yeah do it like that because if
you don't really close you in a fall
over hey ready yo yeah yeah put even
closer like put it touching there you go
that was this just really easy just have
to do it one time one more time one more
time I'll help you one more time let's
go maybe quiet I'm trying to film first
the old man and the scorpion now they
interrupt my video put it right behind
it and telling you like making touch
hard you got to do it really good then
so fun and then you'll leave your family
in Airport well don't even need my help
you almost have it that's it yes now
that there's a no no no no I want to
back give them she's not good enough to
heal it away from
hold on to me and then I'll run it'll be
like me and quite and pulled onto my
shoulder my arm
yes and go keep your feet together
you've your feet together
and see now you could have done it
you're doing good good job Johnson this
is the only fun thing to do an airport
so yeah
first flight and we are together again
we haven't set apart from each other yet
and this is our new addiction to keep us
entertained even though it's like a year
old still fun
here hold this real quick oh my god like
I'm falling in there like being an Aggie
little whatever yeah every time our
meter south where I used to hang off
like bridges and when I was like seven
he'd freak out yeah looking forward to
die
it's not working I forgot isn't at my
heel he's all your good work can you
open your straw like a normal person
this time Karen yep
oh right now okay we get the tiny
airplane home
even though it sees we are probably in
the very back I'm always now let's check
no idea we were like we got on the plane
we got our Starbuck Adam having to play
that to make game yeah we're going to
watch that 13 reason why show but they
won't download fast enough everyone
talks about that I haven't lost any MC
box white like first five very slow
first four I'll get around to it
eventually
maybe and we made it back to Kansas if I
just stick up again best part about
using Paris's bag
they rolled itself
so we were going to bring you home like
now but we all miss the dog oh so we're
going to go home and we're going to see
the dog goes first I got you with the
lighting this time are they outside
oh there's rose oh she's laying down oh
yeah they're both language other let me
out let me out no never see me first so
they know who loves them the most fit me
more can Luna not fit no tsunami should
be she always gets a little bit bigger
the first thing I see is one of my shoes
on the stairs and a ripped Kate Upton
poster yeah my croc what's up hey I
locked my door before I left
oh I slobber all in it oh my god wait
did they go to the bathroom they went
through the bathroom and got into this
one
no here Jenna like my pants
what else you two alright Josh and more
of my shoes tugging it they did not go
easy on my stuff they were a tore open
the dog treats I add in here they came
in here they're like where's Tanner oh
he's not here okay let's destroy
everything ready to go yeah and yeah I
don't only have a choice of vehicle here
I pick up my Challenger sometime
tomorrow but for now yeah country boys
the only way to do it
goodbye rose no we did our actual
goodbyes but now I like to draw YouTube
goodbye goodbye it's just like retainer
Fox except I don't kiss Heather at
least not that much I'm kidding but okay
I will see you tomorrow goodnight bye
the tube okay well those of you that
have stuck to the end
I now have confirmation that by the time
this video is out our new merchandise is
out on our website and finally got some
new merchandise for you guys I know it
is taking a long time but I wanted to
make sure it was good so it took a
little while but I'm so glad we finally
have it done so there's something for
you guys there's a lot of cool designs a
long sleeve that it ain't my fault shirt
the dad hats with the back flip you guys
can check out all of it auntie brunker
calm i'll leave the link of the
description and the text on the screen
right here mmm
right there okay yeah guys I'm gonna go
ahead and drive back to my house it is
pretty late it is 11:30 but I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed all the California vlogs and
we'll see you guys in tomorrow's video
thank you so much for watching don't
feel Eve like me she has friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys the next one peace hey I
thought you came in looking like that
you just made bitch
