what is going on guys today we are back
in today I got a box full of muffins and
strawberry something smoothies that my
mommy got me - thank you I love you and
yeah it's Easter Sunday morning now I'm
editing in bed just got done throwing up
I don't know why two times ago in LA I
threw up as well maybe it's just I don't
know maybe it's just because I love the
place so much it's my belly excited but
yeah if you guys watching today's vlog
today we're going to be meeting up with
Hannah Fox again yeah are you going to
talk today or am I going to zoom in on
your face a lot let's go mom but um
Kendall from Big Time Rush's follow me
back on Twitter stop why what's it like
to know that I've made it you're all
sitting like five steps behind we're
halfway there oh my God look how dirty
my frickin crocs are we don't frickin
black right there right safe I'm Tanner
Fox yellow hey what time can we come
over ran it on that what everyone all
right you have to text me address I
don't have it yet but we have to leave
our hotel so we'll come over okay cool
Angie all right see you a little bit
good bye less noisy hotel and hello
minivans hey guys we have two of the
four Big Time Rush members following me
on Twitter now and I told you guys once
we get all four I'm going to try to get
Gustavo the manager of the band in the
show to follow me and once I get all
five of them I won't even have to get
the RA I will never have to move to LA
I'll never have to do any of that we
will never have to leave our house again
because my life will be complete you
know you should do we should go zero to
60 speed test in this van and then
compare it to Tanner's car
like I said I've never seen Tanner Fox's
GTR like his new one I was there
whenever he got his first one well I
haven't seen the rapt one so I'm really
curious I want to see what it looks like
in person because of all my students in
pictures I've decided what color I want
to wrap my outie all right once I get it
I think pretty sure like 90% sure I've
got to find somebody to make it like
really good because we live in Kansas
not California and we have like farmers
there Oh tractors worth more than my RA
maybe I should buy one enough ah we are
here for lunch and guess what we're
having
oh boy anything we've had their time yes
trip fun fact if you're part of the
growing art family
the bully you if you don't say Italian
herbs or has an H it should be heard
Taylor what kind of herbs do you think
they put on there
hey although it was the third time it
was still good and maybe I won't throw
this one up
Oh crazy human yeah dude Rose is like
almost as big as her and Rose only like
a month old no heroes that's awesome
come on this leg is cool
Happy Easter brother yeah fine look I
got might be came out for you oh look at
that
yeah we talked about that yesterday okay
you got some competition here because
drop the roof off the roof I'll do that
right now go do it
well actually just a bad trampoline yeah
terrible can I do this in my underwear
I mean I did live New Age rules or
whatever they get cross there yeah you
know that blood bath video we did yeah
it got a demonetized for like a month
because of like me being in my underwear
on that video apparently these are just
short short oh that's right now I
totally jumped up here without help of
anyone am I good good oh yeah I know you
did it better than that I've only known
one landed with hands no put my frickin
jeans in my Crocs back on guys get over
here tell him your back foot please eat
it with me yes sir this is like the
worst trampoline ever just warning you
did she do that before you see after you
did it before I saw her we got our
trampoline warm-up in we're about to go
just keeping this promise oh my gosh
I've never even driven this time
actually time yet
I know I haven't even seen it I wish I
get my wallet might mean my wallet just
think guys get pulled over
oh my gosh it looks so cool you're the
same radar detectors me yeah get it off
yeah a Valentine more often all in Iran
is filling it from the back so cool yo
bro I love your car oh thank you today's
anyone else coming are you trying yeah
yeah I'm like scared adjusted and I
driven a supercar one time to switch a
normal car must be same others the
handle Clark I haven't got photo right
Kansas and so long like please don't let
this be the time I'm starting to let way
too many youtubers drive my car it used
to be like I wouldn't let anyone touch
it so it's in a park and then just put
it all the way down and it breaks off
like that and then yeah push this down
you gotta try paddles yeah I don't even
use mine I haven't won my challenge eyes
don't you totally know the power of it
yeah and then I always change this
screen so you can see miles per hour
when I know all right so we just drove
to Mexico so we're gonna we're in the
middle of the desert there's no speed
limit here we can speed only hunting
you're only gonna go like 32 neck speed
limits 35 mean it's like you're allowed
to go a little bit but we're saying like
a big tail on the back of this like yeah
ain't no Turkey on because you have to
like look in between racist mean to
trust your boyfriend it's not really
ready to make me feel very good as my
car think you're good yeah
this is a big congestion around this
corner just slow down and then floor it
and then floor just for like a view from
your messages like
my job
Lopez and just like kind of mob around
the corner of every your comfort would
wage are actually I feel kind of
supposed to get more room for yourself
look I don't know older like one I'm
like driving a plane and we're about to
take off I feel like we're stopping in
the stratum I can't wait to own the RA
like for real is addicted I'm going to
do this all the time you're pretty much
good right here
while downloading some dental dam I'm
getting a GTR blonde to it like when you
get him and Rho is like the Santa yeah
I'm like never been so paranoid to drive
like this is going to make me a better
driver when I get my re because I'm
never going to pay so much attention to
the road like in the cops room because I
don't want to cry I don't want to hurt
any of the car in any way flirt a little
bit all right I guess we're just going
to go back to tanners now Thank You 1011
e experience one more time at this on
time okay cool
yeah thanks maybe study like my car
highly just top 10 middle three cars
like these is what made it hard to sleep
in that first apartment thing we stayed
in that little rent house okay I just
changed back into this little pink thing
real quick I wanted to match you OSS
paganism matching oh my gosh yeah look
Tristan's pant Wow so we're about to go
to San Diego rap or SD rabbits you guys
have ever heard of that it's the company
that wraps Hannah Fox's GTR I'm
definitely getting my RA rap but we just
have to find someone to do it so I want
to talk to these guys and like see the
process - yeah I'm going to talk to him
about like designs and stuff because I
have no idea what to do I have like a
rap in mind but maybe they'll make you
cooler because they like design Tanner's
for him so maybe they could design it in
a stupid song maybe I don't know okay
well seeing all that Big Time Rush just
for me this is the only one of their
songs I don't have on my album of them
but I still know like every word okay
all jokes aside I love them I'm not
getting this and by yourself no yes I do
I'm in my car like that's probably one
of the first songs I play my RA it I
don't care Frank
this is where all the magic happens guys
look at this please this is going to be
my first time sitting in it let me let
me butterfly doors yeah yeah but you
know yeah you know that mean no the guy
putting like initial I got cool yeah I
know I'm opening the door after all they
just fall open you oh my god this is
insane
yeah fitness my luck this is hold on
which one should I take out today saw
the Aventador Wow you're allowed to
start it wrong so your foot on the brake
and then lift that little wrecking up
and then press the bumper I want to like
shut the door have the carbon fiber
and you'd like pull that thing up over
push didn't good day this is like a
clickbait rep I'm not even waiting and
then imagine this brush yeah so like
this is just a vinyl but then imagine
with like the brush lament would make it
way different
I'm just very happy that I sat in this
and it was everything that I expected so
my dream car is still my absolute dream
car someday something I've always
wondered is what the horn sounds like in
this car have to be on to honk the horn
what yes they have a baton to honk it oh
I have to start it again whoops not bad
yes goodbye Lamborghini no no which is
prettier kidding it's the dog okay we're
back here we're going to go back out to
the trampoline bike ever do it oh don't
bust out your food oh if you guys want
to get that joke yet for your watch
Tanner's video this channel is just an
or Fox you guys probably already do but
yeah there's a scribe Deanna cam doc
kind of stick it
whoa how did he land like that what'd
you do again I got security system
indicating first Rick Kelly you got that
no problems are always my friend footed
you have to do that too yeah yeah you're
so accurate why you got this oh let's
translate selling going through my time
you said it
what double front to kaboom on how to
double stronger okay
do it do it decide there you go
oh it's it oh you hear that a necklace
and the get up you get up on the roof
pipe stuck again yeah my trick doing up
on the roof
okay first try is first try I'll jump
first oh that's so that's the trick Oh
different and Eli got one footer yeah
yeah a little full no way
yes Chelsea enhance why would I even
strut I can't deal with $20 you could do
that
alrigh you knew this was happening no
you're fat here's the get one letter on
them what what do I do
yeah well daddy Braunger oh my god it is
a little egg and a boy oh my god that's
the winner is it letter you're out my
face rebate I just get one more dress it
is almost no winner
goodbye rose just kidding pretty curvy
so nice to see fun now all Zachary to me
take off you again
thank you women out here yeah thank you
so much for the world over I can't wait
to hear online see you in Kansas soon
come to candidate okay it is really dark
in here we're heading out you know look
at that Hitler is lighting just like
Quentin usually does we're heading out
to a new hotel right now yeah we have me
saved at the same place twice
yeah channa Fox should be coming down to
Kansas in like a few weeks and I'm super
hyped for that we're going to make
awesome videos that time naptime we have
a two hour drive back to those also and
the tomorrow is our last day by the way
and here is our last hotel room hey
Tristan you actually have your own room
this time like you're talking about
there's a door here and it is bedtime
again because we all slept in the car
besides my mom she almost left while
driving oh yeah guys we're going to go
ahead and end the video there say I
think you get so much for watching don't
leave like if you're especially enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next one yeah maybe a mop off video
yet yeah stick that at the end alright
bye
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
