I smell McDonald's where's it at our
foods here I'll show how you open straws
you guys not enough she hiccups once and
she's weird
okay so can I touch lips it through the
middle then she has two pieces try a few
bad for the amount
what did you own I guys today we are
back in today it is day two in Los
Angeles and we are going to be going to
Laguna Beach you did what the boobs
we're going to be going to Laguna Beach
or something like that today in a little
bit you want to go to Hollywood Sun this
morning or no she didn't care you never
cared but I got this new shirt yesterday
and it fits my tiny arms and it's
amazing we have to take more cool
Instagram pictures let's say one minute
I'm oh yeah
mom we want to go to Bali on how far
away is all their time from here I don't
know I want to go to the observatory not
like the actual Sun I can hear your
hiccups from in here oh and also we're
not staying in here another night for
one like I said we're going to that
we're going to beach so we're just going
to stay down there second thing the
noise is horrible it's so hard to sleep
because everyone likes to go from room
and then you can't sleep very well like
you guys probably heard yesterday's vlog
even whenever we're just sitting in the
room yeah I can hear like it sounds like
we're outside so yeah let's take their
cool flowers and go
thank you okay so I have my suitcase
because I was closed in it and we're
going to be doing a photo shoot up here
same person is last time I vlog it last
time we were here names Michael really
cool photographer and that also means I
get a haul this around what's up man how
are you good to see you loser so we're
doing this at like 10:30 in the morning
because we didn't have time to do it at
sunset because we're leaving like I said
I feel pretty you in a vlog a little bit
climb is the top yeah but it's so rusty
I can like rip this must be very scary
for you and your white shoes so there's
around first part of the photoshoot at
the dirt place I don't know what you
call it so virtually yeah the
observatory of the Hollywood sign pretty
fun pretty good and right now we're
going to go somewhere else he knows your
spots
I don't yeah I'm gonna Kansas country
boy here's a few pictures from the photo
shoot from up there yeah and if I don't
have them ready you just don't put it
there yo and you guys should definitely
go follow Michael on Instagram it's
Michael ste at Michael St I'll put it on
the screen go fall in if you guys love
awesome pictures because they're amazing
tender Sanderson's most this guy just
asked me to take a picture I just took
one of tannerite here and now he wants
me to do honest and
that's funny I was just up in the window
just stealing my idea
mine didn't come out the best I was
focusing on pong so it is 1300 and I got
paint here bro okay see you later man
thank you so much deal I finished off on
Hollywood Boulevard and we got to go
find my mom and then we're going to be
going to the goona Beach I've said that
eight times I'm so stupid
oh my god we're going to be going to
this guy's house it's really cool and
I'm super excited for that because he
has a roof to the pool and I haven't
done anything crazy in a little while so
I need to do some fun we finally found
my family and now now we can quite
lugging my suitcase around everywhere
I just realized by the time these videos
up it's Easter for you guys so happy
Easter and mom for Easter can I get some
food because I'm freaking farm I just
took a little nap and now my foots taken
along that and I won't wake up and it's
fuzzy and we're stopping by a champion
meetup you want to turn it down I'm
banking copyrighted sad we're just going
to stop by Paris is going to do some
like quadruple flips from the believe so
yeah and I'll sit in the car with my
bike and go back to bed good night
alright we made it and we have like five
minutes do one backflip and leave let's
do this look don't show up all these
kids because then they're going to be
jealous and mad I got like five minutes
later hi what's up have a die I
literally just woke up from a nap I'm
not doing anything
Oh
oh you're gonna go okay thank you to
them okay we think we made it and all
the houses here like really cool and
it's by the beach
hopefully this one's the right one let's
go here's a pool so I brought these bad
boys I'm gonna plays like this what's up
that how you doing yeah man this is the
dream backyard Orange County picture
thing I thought I've missed the house to
her I can't tell you yet is today I do
put on my shorts that were ten
remodeling ink master suite yeah yeah oh
I thought the bedroom down there was the
layout big one are you freaking kidding
me
mm like how do you get to the roof to
jump into well here is just water I
broke up oh this is what the end goal is
again if I had this closet I'd never
stop buying stuff yeah I want to cool
honestly how scary the roof jump is
check it out
how deep is this expediently neat seven
oh that looks so fun why don't I live
here mom we should have bought this
house yeah he's got to show me how it is
he are you want to jump in from here
yeah I'll jump from here
I definitely that was so fun do one yeah
there's a nail I'm gonna do a gator but
the roof looks like it's like falling
apart right on a diet so I'm gonna jump
off this thing can you even see the
water yeah three two one now time for
the hot tub chillyzack I couldn't get
her to swim but the pool is really cold
anyway she's really fun now in the pool
was like the coolest thing even though
it's pretty small I mean this is amazing
house it's insane
gonna be in the video alright hey tell
him your name I'm SAS then okay he's
about to go swimming he's gonna go get a
coin he's droppin what did you drop a
penny or something that's a nickel I
think alright go get it go get it he's
the best one Rick is he three years old
right
how old are you Kerry he's three years
old
yeah a penny neck I'm sure you can get
the penny oh there goes I don't think I
could swim 11:33 yeah show them show
them the pinnacle wow that's insane dude
Sakura show them your front flip no I'm
going to put your dinosaur over here
whoa I just bottle up the dinosaur yes
the dinosaur flip taking a break from
outside without to play some GTA 5 yes
giant TV
your phone the other way smiles we're
gonna be playing GTA 5 where it takes
place I'm going to find this house in
the game
if speakers all around is cows and then
supper now I feel the castle I'm feeling
let me I may go get a fast or I'm gonna
go find one alright guys I found one I
won't be white but you know mom with us
around town it's like I'm actually
driving I think it crashed we sat on the
remote
Taylor my mom is becoming a young Pat a
little bit in this kids aside and even
though where'd you did a photo shoot
today we're going to go up to Zacks room
because it hasn't amazing do and just
you know take advantage you check this
out look at that sunset
oh my gosh we're definitely gonna get a
cool picture what guys look at this
sunset imagine seeing this every single
night you guys have to go see dance
graphics read post go follow me on
Instagram right now this is the one or
two oh no one I love it so much yeah
that's right man what a great game
bikini DLC for sure
I'm trusting you with my xbox I got it
alright we made it to the hotel and yeah
new hotel when I was staying in the same
house thing anymore
too loud right yeah we agreed my mom
couldn't sleep but exact is the guy that
owns the house really cool house really
cool guy honestly one of my favorite
people ever hater Fox will be here in a
little bit I don't know what we're going
to do probably nothing but yeah I miss
Luna and Rose I bet you miss him - no
cos you're using me for this I was
thinking on this topic of cool what did
you refer to this bed ass and napkin he
doesn't like his bed I'm hot guys
roommates tonight or what no just like
being behind get also together I called
you buddy
no no I win
which one's going to be there's two
elevator doors that what's that mean yes
I don't know all right we're looking for
a tanner
and a black pudding Oh red bra a plug we
don't even wait wait before I help you
we don't even like say hi we just like
walking clubbing each other yeah I know
you and Monty we learned from this last
time I'm gonna put this camera in this
hand so we can oh yeah yeah thank you
ready yeah oh my god last time we hung
out we don't know it was a long when I
don't your house I haven't seen your
green suit aria I've only seen the white
one because I was there whenever you got
your first one week
don't you in LA and I yeah yeah we got
just a little bit though I haven't see
him in a while I don't remember but yeah
what time is it now it's like 10 o'clock
didn't ya
wake up there's nothing to do so we can
make up all right well we just had a
nice conversation about cars and Tom
yeah we're probably gonna be minute yeah
we're definitely gonna be meeting up
tomorrow I think I already said that and
I think I'm gonna be driving his car
tomorrow I'm actually really excited
because I've only joke can I say I've
driven the Audi r8 am I gonna get
sacrificed
I wasn't saying you've driven and
out-and-out it wasn't the one I'm
getting say you finally drove an hour
yeah there yeah oh yeah we talked about
I think I know what color I'm gonna wrap
it on I think we finally have that under
under wraps and about bed time the only
frosted flakes for the road I actually
enjoy that okay well here you go milk's
all right I mean I've been doing this
for like the past 30 minutes
Paris is kind of fish that mean I will
see you tomorrow got your vlog camera we
can't say goodbye without videoing me
candor said we're not allowed to take a
bite unless we both filming are you
ready are we gonna give hugs
they're cool we got this out now we have
the other hand really 500 it's gonna add
my blog yeah okay do that all right well
you chose right now we both do our own
yeah I do mind you yours and users to
mine okay hi guys I hope you enjoyed the
vlog be sure Java comes up like peace
out I would have you tomorrow I'll be
there and I'll see as I suppose yourself
hey wait it ain't my fault right now it
ain't my fault yeah say they might
follow the voice crack and you gotta
carry my fault
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
