we did this video every single year
where we wait til it's nighttime and
then we just do shenanigans we act
stupid and we leave it all in the video
I'll see you guys when it's night time
okay we need what are you looking for
you gotta go easy now you know this song
there's an actual flames coming out of
this heater in here oh my god oh my god
it's fucking you buy you a little barrel
of monkeys
I'm going home hey we all know your
plans you could probably eat one and
they wouldn't care
I had adorable once you got put in the
dishwasher and it got ruined you get out
of my room already you stupid
I'm live-streaming behind the scenes of
this BS we'll be on his BS Channel yes
so to get in the mood for this year's
night in Hannigan's we're gonna watch
the hard drive real quick and just make
sure our funny bone is intact 17 minutes
of raw footage let's go yeah it's
getting long by the 30 minutes of pure
you can't see anymore who's up in my
attic at this hour let's go take a peek
hello is that oh it's Logan blow ha ha
that's a plate hello fucking out oh I
don't want to clean this up or that one
God dang it
Pirlo ganger now give me that we can do
a throw and you'll hit it scratch my car
and I'll scratch your inner ass here you
go Scoob you scratched it Oh only the
chosen one can take it out Quinn said
Quentin Quinn said yes
god that's a booty house wait what
smaller the pieces the harder it is to
clean up
I'll have Lydia do it we got three
places left you gotta use them wisely
let's talk in my room and just thrown
down scary buddy we can break it on my
wall what'd ya do it
be very quiet when wabbits were in dere
don't worry we came prepared we bought
another toaster never gets old except
for the second time we did it
let's see dog piss cleaners some awesome
ketchup a little bit of salt a little
bit just a little bit of laxatives juice
laxatives that I used when I had to have
surgery and they made me shit
12 times in a day no salt yesterday and
we're cooking look at it sizzled it
might be a chemical don't burn the carb
it
oh it's raining Lexington take the
laxative toaster I think we're out of
plates and toasters captain what the
hell else do we do this is all we got we
have one last thing what is it what has
the mental capacity of a plate in a
toaster together his brain oh yo I know
we don't have a baby I thought my mom is
asleep but she's not so we're just gonna
go say hi guys so in the morning I
usually brush my teeth then I save money
get those nose hairs man it's not
clipping Dillon we need a video of you
pissing again this year that's kind of a
tradition let's go your pee smells for
one and usually when I ask you guy to
pee in my attic he says no but I really
had to thank you thank you thank you for
breeze Febreze Febreze
oh my god how was our place oh they hit
my head you throw it damn it my turn
except I'm not going to record it
because that's sick
yo did I tell you guys I bought a pocket
put you really did yeah she's right here
yeah hi my name is Tina Berger and I
work out sometimes it's really no big
deal if someone has internal aggression
they've never made deploy I'd say we go
burn something but it's negative 50
outside and this party was already too
late we haven't had some gay stuff
happen with the old gang like I know you
want the grapefruit don't look that up
yeah Quinton is a snake I know it by his
and Rae give me that cake and then I
spread to his cheeks and then he turned
gay and there's like her ray how that
happened Quinton's insane I think he's
on meth
or crack cocaine oh my god Quentin
you're so cute when your anime is
echoing my head we're here with the
first installment of flamethrower trick
shots are you actually gonna bottle flip
it let's see if it'll catch on fire oh I
really thought I had the right
amp-titudes it leaves a little trail yo
what's curve our names into this oh
that's not your name's 1 for $500,000
artwork by Quentin alright I did not
want to do this it's 7 degrees out
probably negative 7 look at Bob's big ol
smile the trampolines frozen look at it
do you do any tireless national idol
this teaching Bob Ross how to backflip
ok 3:00 in the morning bedtime this
might not be as good as the other night
shenanigans but it lives on yeah I think
we're just getting older we're getting
farther down there away from our child
I've been a lot of hype about this to my
live streams and stuff yeah I
disappointed you guys we're sorry I
thought it was cool it was fun I like to
you know start coming around more you
asshole seriously get over here and kiss
quitting it enough the video oh quit
hiding come on I'm coming to get you I
hope you all know that I'm joking
