what is going on guys today we are back
in today it is 405 in the morning and
I'm about to get in my truck I got to go
to Paris and then we're going to go back
here and then we're going to go to the
airport and then we're gonna go to
California and I'm really tired and I
got to drive 40 minutes right now
did I haven't worn my robe in like like
a week okay it's dark but we're here if
I get any men on my shoes I'm gonna
freak out
are those new shoes you're like legit
dressed and I'm in a robe house hey no
come here what what rose I wanted to say
goodbye come here coming hey give me a
hug bro
I want to miss you favorite doll go
lunar get in there but then it just
sucks cuz she's younger she pees a lot
yeah time to go take your quick shower
because this I need to look good
how long you been up three never thought
I'd be doing this I'm taking the Crocs
hi oh my god she ate that whole plate
and spilled something awesome okay stop
it Luna Luna hey I'm gonna miss you too
guys she literally comes and scratches
at my door or my windows like any time
I'm away from her and if I'm not in my
room and she is she'll just sit on the
beanbag on my bed and she'll just sit
here and whimper so she's she's going to
miss me we're best friends great
children are welcome support I can't
remember the last time I went on a plane
without getting one of these back doors
just a prank we get it
okay we're on the second flight now and
basically over the last two nights I've
been sitting in bed always just thinking
about my RA and right now I've just been
looking at pictures of it wrapped and
stuff and I don't know what color to
wrap it I think I'm uh probably hold a
bow whenever I actually give it but for
now this is keeping me entertained just
looking in all these right it's
entertainment her asthma
we made it and I'm too lazy to put on my
heels so I'm just going to keep these
bad boys on cuz it's ours stuff oh yeah
last time I was drunk
yeah me and Courtney kept squeezing
Taylor in the middle okay we're going to
go eat real quick
and then we're going to be going to our
house yet not a hotel this time now we
bought a house yeah it's like the thing
where you can rent a house or something
we were trying it out we don't really
know how it works but I mean we know how
it works yeah you can just live in it
for a day and I think I'm going to try
to go get the lens for my camera I
brought the body of my camera so
hopefully I don't have to keep filming
on this thing because I honestly don't
even like it and then maybe shopping
today we just gotta you know we don't
have that much to do and it's a it's
almost noon okay we just went to another
Best Buy this time in California and
they still did not have it in stock
surprise surprise
Thanks Best Buy anyway we're going to
one that does have it it's like five
miles away from here and then I don't
use this camera anymore so yay
are you excited for me yay mom look what
I can do and guess what guys I have a
filter on it I don't think yeah I don't
think you'll ever be able to tell but
there's a filter on it I don't even want
to touch it I'm scared there's like a
little thing in front of the lens so now
can't get scratched and we're going to
that house thing now and dilma quitting
you're no longer allowed to touch my
camera joining to jump this
seven latch up there I can't you all
jump over I'm just a phone
okay this is our new crib this is pretty
lit yeah the bathroom this is cool I
call the room with the cool flower stuff
guys the pillows in these beds they have
like little beads on them in yeah it's
quite this is better than a hotel I
think we're going to do this from now on
probably next time okay have fun
guess what these cabinets have stuff in
them some more flowers still we're Cubs
this is better than a hotel
you know hotels you get like two cups
and they have the plastic go from then
you get a pay for anything else yeah
we're going to children for a little bit
everybody tired and I think we're about
you're shopping we're going to go to
Rodeo Drive probably yeah hopefully see
some cool cars because you know if
there's an Audi all right there I'm
stealing I'm not waiting I've even told
them what colors I'm thinking about shut
up my sister's actually wrong you guys
are going to love it okay
and was ready to go shopping does it
look like uh yeah hi let's take an uber
and go because my mom's never gonna wake
up I don't know why I wrote too tired
okay yeah she just left one playing like
me by the way I just took a shower in
that shower I said together that was so
much fun I need that shower at home and
not my presidential one how does it I
just add there really 20 minutes isn't
best guys the party rocks are dirty
we're going to put stools and I changed
my church but I figured I'm going to buy
clothes so you got to wear your clothes
Leah packed so when you buy clothes you
can wear them the other day Xena and the
lighting in this room is insanely good
except if you're trying to take a nap
it's horrible because you can't make
this any darker so it's bad isn't it no
I'm good hello yep good how are you see
you later thank you
turns out she's not going to let me buy
her anything and also I'm trying to
spend money on my new car and also I'm
starving and my foot really hurts for no
reason probably these shoes so we're
probably just going to go eat closest
Dairy Queen is an hour and a half away
17 miles
oh we sat down at a random restaurant
this is not very clean I didn't know any
of the words on the menu and I'm really
scared we thought one thing that said
chicken and one thing that said Turkey
so we got it while we wait for our maybe
good maybe that food we can do what we
do at IHOP crush up some ice and spit
balls of ice she was there for that it
hurt so much 10 minutes later we're
still waiting I'm freezing cold I drink
two cups of sprite 12 little look bad I
mean I don't know what that is but it's
pretty good hey you try it first try it
everyone goes spam her Instagram since
you want to kidding try to do perfect
Siskin it's good here to here first
whose tomatoes women like tomatoes under
the ergonomic enjoy
all right you're not gonna like Arnold
on his eyes would you like your receipt
in the bag yeah thank you you guys have
a great day it's believed let me buy you
just a jacket we're gonna be on the
ferris wheel so you're gonna get cold
no we're getting one thing one thing
guys I kind of lied I went shopping
because they have really cool closing it
came to sucks but yeah I'm not arguing
with you choose one thing no I'm fine
right now
Harris this is basically a robe they got
cold so I put on my mic new clickbait
jacket it's kind of rainbow I don't know
if you can tell or not but we're still
in the hunt for yours
okay we're going to a different moment
look at this shirt and the light it's
all shiny new fave hi guys
first off we finally got something for
Paris after a while and we also met this
fan what's your name yeah
Mia and she let me try out her snapchat
spectacle so we're about to try now I've
never even tried to before I've seen
like everybody has and I do it oh whoa
oh hi snapchat we're about to get nuber
to go back to our house but yeah it was
nice to meet you and thank you for
having Shetty's out thank you so much oh
my gosh as you can see it's getting dark
now we're finally back at our kind of
house boy do I have a story for you give
me a second look if you guys follow me
on Twitter then you've already heard
about this but first we got an uber well
we didn't get in it this lady was
supposed to get us she got there and
then she just left something okay so we
called another one then we get in this
guy's uber and he goes around the
parking lot he can't find his way out of
where we are and then eventually he's
like you guys need to get out of my car
I'm not making any money and I was like
so he just had to get out it was just so
stupid and then we finally got a cool
guy and he brought us home and there's a
spider on the wall and I'm gonna use
your croc
did it jump oh god I slept around oh I
don't think I killed either oh it was
crawl into our bed tonight so are we
going to the pier yeah I kind of want to
I'm so tired though today has been very
long I've been walking for the last five
hours kind of my choice but still you
know we'll go soon because you got to go
on that big ferris wheel is pretty fun
ready what we're going to say I'm over
here you want to come okay you can
decide we'll be in the car
we are back in the minivan and I like
your shirt thank you first time you've
ever let me buy you something that's not
food even let me bury let me buy you
food now we can be warm on the ferris
wheel because last time we did not
prepare and it's getting dark and yeah
it was freezing well we made it to the
pier we also forgot it's a Friday night
so there's like a million people here
and everyone's exhausted and the line
would just be super long so let's just
imagine we went on the ferris wheel we
made it back again and it's bedtime this
time it's way easier to make vlogs never
I'm home in Kansas because I can like
wake up you know whenever I want but
here we always have a schedule so I'm
going to try my best to not miss any
days on this trip because I want to fly
everything because then I can look back
at it but yeah that is loose get with
this video and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and thank you so much for watching
don't really like in defense if you
enjoyed subscribe for now and I'll see
you guys in the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
