and the microphone wasn't on great okay
well I just called my dad and wished him
a happy birthday cuz his 44th birthday
today so I'll go see him later tonight
for his birthday party but yeah my lens
is very broken if you can't tell Dylan
it Quentin kind of dropped it in the
bathtub tail box opening years after we
film so it's good I guess hopefully Best
Buy has a replacement lens because this
is not going to do yeah what is going on
guys today we are back and here's the
inside of my camera it's just as bad
yeah I'm going to read it my video
because my computer crashed maybe take a
shower and then we're going to go to
Best Buy
and get a new lens because this this is
not OK remember how to use this camera
to look good so surprise surprise Best
Buy does not have the lens that I need
they never have anything in stock so for
now I'm using my canon g7x mark to
hardly ever use this camera i I like it
it's pretty good quality this is like
what most vloggers use hopefully the
audio sounds alright I tried to wipe off
the the stuff that made it bad in the
first place
but right now I'm about to go drop off
my car because this steering wheel is
like messed up here listen on let me try
to uh I can't get it to do it right now
but usually it has this like squeaking
in the steering wheel that won't stop
and it's just really annoying and I've
only had this car since like September
so we're going to go drop it off right
now meeting my mom there so she can give
me a ride back and like I said it's my
dad's birthday I'm going to be going to
his house tonight we also leave for LA
tomorrow so this will be the last Kansas
vlog for 4 days and since Beth I didn't
have the lens I need I had to order it
off Amazon but the lens comes tomorrow
after we leave to Los Angeles so either
I'm going to be using this for a live
logs or I might buy another lens there
and then bring my camera then I have to
just in case something happens in the
break just like it did but I'm not sure
might be using this it's pretty good
quality I just wish I had a whining I
like the wide-angle for some reason
my mom called ahead and we're dropping
off because of the steering wheel making
a weird noise and my ride I don't know I
don't like it as much as my other one so
when are we going to howdy
we don't need to go down you know I need
to do a column no no we got to get like
to test-drive it
yes you do you have to drive it mom a
lot of you guys were saying that my
armpit hair is still too long after I
trimmed it I think we think everything
it's too late aren't a hair she doesn't
analyze are bigger I do so right now
we're going back to the Audi dealership
to look at the r8 again and we're not
getting it today or anything we've
talked to the guys and it's getting
there on the deal I don't want to say
anything else onyx I wanted to be a
surprise in that like the release video
and all that but my mom is going to be
driving it today and I don't know if
I'll get to drive it I want to drive it
once before I buy it like if we say that
we want it
I think they should let me drive it
probably will we're going to agree I'll
rear AC your Camaro hello oh I broke my
big camera so it's a small one today
well yeah my friends did I didn't I'm
not you're responsible like that okay so
real quick two things his niece is a big
fan of her name already I don't think he
felt it when he did it okay I don't feel
bad but shout out to you and also I
called him Chris gay in my vlog
yesterday and he said all the other guys
here were making fun of him so that's
pretty funny but yeah they're about to
pull the car I don't know if I get a
drive I better yes I will I won't get to
yeah well she just got told they have to
order a whole new steering column for my
car
probably from driving down Paris's road
whoopsy let's go buy a more expensive
car and do more stuff I'm not going to
go down her Road in this car you kidding
oh this way okay okay
liquid oh my god guys look how low this
car is literally there's the seat right
there's the ground it is not it's so low
we're good to go
oh my god that even Seattle right come
on feel freaking a planet huh
yeah kisses oh that discharges that I
just tried it mom
I was joking about the gas line being a
problem with the aux cord that's a
deal-breaker
howdy ra aux location okay
and the man here's what I found and then
this is just automatic to drive that's
reverse yes max please don't break my
car what's been hearing this good lord
yeah I think I'm a beard it feels like a
spaceship I mean like the sound of it
yeah I was never quite in here never
going to be quiet and watch out for the
other around he's cooler now there's not
even enough for it it's a high land
I scared to go down that way I bet it
just blew 2 TSP Bluetooth we're still
talking about the Oxford place call
cloudy it better be a big happy day
whenever I did I my mom myself to go
down the ramp we're going to open it off
never mind there's someone in front of
us in there in that all right you can go
now go
yeah nearly 50 I think 3 second 2.7 or
course of resources
ok well I'm definitely not going to
drive I was going to stop recording for
Inori we survived
Rose what's up roast hey hey yeah your
feet are all dirty what are you doing
she's been digging a hole Rose come back
there's going to be another car here
someday soon I cannot wait bro hmm
don't give them your icecream they had
plenty yesterday we had boxes of ice
cream Oh hold up there's a box right
here see this box was full of ice cream
and we had to go dump it behind the
trees and now before we go to my dad's
house I am going to pack my bag because
I always like to like 4:00 in the
morning like an hour before we leave and
then I end up forgetting something
whether it be a charger or underwear or
whatever it is I'm getting it done now
I'm getting it out of the way and I'm
also typing a paper for school because I
have to yeah a lot of you guys think I
don't do school I do i do do school okay
doo doo yeah it's not like normal school
thank God all right guys I'm a good
student I just got my paper done it was
actually pretty good
how did pretty good this time rows do
not scare them off look who's back guys
look who's back hold up let me zoom in
it's the three ducks it looks like
there's two but there's a third one hey
don't don't don't fly away this time I
just won't say what's up GoGet nope get
luna luna is a hunting dog dude oh there
they go you know should we go explore a
back yard or never even like walk back
here guys look what's back here in our
backyard there's this thing never been
here yeah I did not even let that hang
pretty cool though look at that
thumbnail secret room in the new house
you ready to go Taylor yeah let's go
Rose you're gonna have to walk out when
I'm right back out come on come on
feather usually I have to decide if I
want to take my trunk of my car but I
don't have my car anymore so easy
decision thank you Dad for having the
parkour obstacles is this actually
locked hello yeah yeah vailable
that'd be her today what's this haven't
been in my dad's house in a really long
time I don't even know how many of you
guys know that I have a dad well
obviously I had I had to come from
somewhere but yeah I haven't been over
in a long time and this is my dad's
trampoline haven't jumped on this and
forever so why not now
a little faster Haley worse he doesn't
stick shoes are coming off
one more guys that last trick just kind
of hurts my back
there we go I've not done that in years
those
Haggar darkness all right so it's six
o'clock now we are leaving my dad's
house and look at how dark it is out
it's about to storm and I hear you
perish and I'll be with her for a little
bit before I take her home and I'll be
picking up in the morning because that's
when we leave for LA so yeah it's gonna
storm awesome okay we are here time to
run through the rain I got to help her
get her bag oh boy yeah it's raining
quite hard oh my god that's not sidewalk
so inside go inside dog that chases my
car he doesn't want to come in I'll just
leave now if you wants to be outside me
maybe he likes the storm I like he's not
going to come in forget about it wait he
looks like the dog off Grand Theft Auto
five I didn't run to the truck
yeah we're good scammers going to get
ruined too although I can't go that one
guy's looks it's a trade you can make
big puddles like the most fun part about
Travis in my turn nevermind
no more puddles okay one more stretch
across the ring ready all right guys
we're doing what we do on rainy days and
days that it's not raining but still
wear my crown on GTA 5 and we have
Paris's Pink Jeep and then we have my
Challenger and then we have the RA and
then we have that bike that I don't have
in real life she didn't have her GPX you
can't drive because you won't take your
test yeah I realized I don't have my
truck so we're gonna go try to find my
truck in this game or something similar
and then put it in the garage
bro this is actually going to be like a
real life thing are you as excited as I
am no tell them what you told me on
snapchat today I said I can't wait to
get the RA and then you said boom boom
off this hit a lady okay
that's gta4 you all right well she's
fine in the truck but apparently my
YouTube's been hacked and yeah there's
all my titles have been changed though
it's like a I've seen this before and
it's like happen to other people pretty
sure happen to like lance210
I'm pretty sure it's harmless but they
just change it to promote themselves all
I know is that I get to go through and
change all my titles so yeah I'm
probably going to go ahead and in the
video there because it looks like a busy
night ahead of me but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and yeah here so much
watching don't leave like insurance
defense if you enjoyed subscribe to new
and we'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog when we go to LA so yeah peace out
okay real quick I don't feel as bad or
as scared anymore because Roman Atwood
also got hacked and I mean it'll be okay
because he's roaming out with you know
so that's fine yeah at least I'm not
alone alright bye
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
