what is hey why the ice-cream on the
ground
Wow my god we got chocolate we have
vanilla we have keep like three of these
in the freezer
we got like every kind of ice cream
possible online development okay use
mine hold my hand and do it okay we go
full home we go have girls yeah we
screwed up the mountain right in a
little bit documents cute fools in ears
and so now it's a monkey
I've never done it like that okay well
we're going to go ahead get all of this
ice cream out of my trunk bring it
inside and it's still freezing right now
I thought I was going to have like 20
minutes for it to sit on the ground and
thaw before you got here but we're gonna
get the back okay oh look at him go
hey my mom is stealing off her jet she
wants her bathtub to remain a bathtub
can you stop wall yeah don't you dare
now who's ready to get hypothermia
hopefully this is warm enough to just
fall right out is it oh geez oh then
it's Internet no it's open oh thank you
mom I love it well it's more handy
somebody slap the bottom you top they're
going here you gotta want one from this
cream of ice is good Wow guys we have
our bathtub full of delicious ice cream
what we starting out I'm just gonna
stick with the middle section Oh be a
man about it yeah yeah
okay everybody get in from so now I'm
getting whatever did it furthest in it
get there link in the description so
don't do you get anyway cat like three
mother pigs okay I'm greedy
we're always going to get it for ya oh
okay someone's getting a leg of
description you can quitting we have to
kill didn't get it not you like horribly
cold water filled on oh yeah yes didn't
snow long did she get your pursuit is
looking nice oh Lord I have an Ivan
around and yesterday he read my feet in
ice cream ah hey
Oh doc bleed into one two three I ate it
like a d-plus 83 okay we're going to
watch the ice cream down wow that feels
great and then we'll start someone let
their back in this and I will like you
gave me $200 I think about it we did you
panic button to disturb it's up just
this once on father mother's illness
here you hey guys made a whole shot and
brothers on at the time ask you to leave
one is giving it to six guys we try to
the best that we can we don't know if
it's we've been messing the cream down
and it's not getting that much warmer
it's still freezing cold we might have
to just start I am steaming up block up
if you keep moving your feet it's okay
so cool this was a strong attitude
Sandefur save the first that the coolant
mint from United States hopes Jagger
price Oh Jasmine wrong person who's like
Jagger's a question wouldn't you know
because let me feel bad about my new car
purchase Susie thank you okay
how to be a TV Ken you need this then
your hands in from turtle Lambo step 1
persuade the girl there's only one
status Allstate and we all have our
names oh oh pretty legs
thank you they're kind of all step
together push you Mike responsibly
Winship like today I got you and use
words okay might be pretty pretty
possible minute I know my probably
glasses real quick oh my captors are
seeing right now is this what off the
table one bit more but I say mother okay
I can't see out of my left is all box
it isn't action-packed what for nothing
tt yes say we got food for Tristan we
got food for Tanger mr. Mason
Estevez diligence is speaking together I
probably would have been a little warmer
yeah title you want some candies
internship at gently rotating and Joey
Delancey
Twitter YouTube a bunch of cameras oh hi
thank you
there's a hat but with Paul sharknado
happen to bite out of the Hat
thanks guys oh the front Guardian yeah
okay you're not fair question hey this
doesn't aim right is that hey so can you
update your zap seven where do I start
to get into this thing you got a little
satchel thing little little wood we'll
just put that on a little bit again off
account like it it's like a wedding nail
oh my gosh ever get any other way there
you go this is bad boyfriend work other
than me Oh actually was your fault but
homie
hi candidate Shelby I've been watching
videos n3k you are my inspiration for
foot I can only do a double front and
back but I'm still trying also sorry for
the bad handwriting tell Quinton spelled
wrong yes I was going to put five rolls
of paper on this block you're my
favorite youtubers like Shelby out
rather list we got a friend for you I'll
say it some little bits box while I try
to get this out he has memory mix up the
jar what is a office floor to the
official koron hey we got a Doritos
thing done just a bag of air so this is
actually played if you guys will follow
me I take that back
oh my god I gotta poo you'll be on film
it's late
let's now around I live is in here now
hi
all right what is this with us a big
dolphin is a long Europe you might have
a Chinese position it'll go into
backyards the rest of us don't like an
entire bag agenda like this would come
in handy if I was still in public school
because that's all I did was bring Kenya
you didn't sell the wharf Andy oh hey
you okay let me read this this is from
Spencer our Duke Salah my name is sinner
Duke I love your vlogs you fire me to
make a cocktail of my very own I'll go
check it out PS nothing at all this cool
Rosalina I think they were probably
gonna take it anyway they have you that
ridiculous ship with TV all live friggin
cool I mean they're ok they're gonna be
able to catch this one I don't play
poker but thank you this is from Sarah
so it this is from I don't know creative
gift company it's a box in a box babble
the locks thank you you know what they
send it what I kind of bigger to there
so life if it mean the gift of nothing
it's just nothing you are I go out but
says congratulations you have been given
the gift nothing actually nothing this
is the ultimate in mint mint and malaga
minimalism as I say for nothing
technically they gave me a box hey on
the count of three throw it like
straight up okay
there is one thing that's flipping use
it against me
instead just a bit on the box
nice someone better plays in here yeah
it is much candy just add this to the
pile you know I think that's all the
goodies let's create a twin you want to
have you back its infinite sizer oh just
open it wet it foxy yes mom yeah a box
dude you want Quintus we all have
accident steel bottom and in the
dropping gate Walter sorry John you
money but Dylan touchy lab prefer John
Calley what if he knows won't you save
me
sorry Chris for John family it just has
a little red dot amid all I think you
have to be darkest idiot this remote
sensing brutal I swear oh no it's not
working
haha hey thanks for the compliment of
paper I need it right now actually I'm
kissing pillow hi that look that way not
me
doesn't one fun thing these are kind of
cool there's a cat hi my name is Gabe
Walter I'm 12 years old I live in New
Orleans Louisiana I love your videos
thank you for posting I've been watching
everybody and I never missed them
you're my favorite youtuber and I'm
sorry for the bad handwriting everyone
apologize it's not that bad if I can
read it it's alright yeah shop and opera
she ran out probably like two buttons in
the light up and the glasses Thank You
Gabe I do I enjoy all this stuff so
thank you and thank you so much to
everyone and stuff and SMS it might be
or like kind of cold on top and steaming
on the bottom I'm just worried to get
out of the tub thank you guys walking
out of your box opening there will be
another one next week probably and there
will be there will be I'm just trying to
doing weekly I forget sometimes that
kind of big how to do blogs but thank
you guys so much for watching go viewing
like Jared right rejoice which
countenance
my thought you came and looking like
that you're just maybe fun
