about your what is this this is your new
herd well out my herd well album can you
get like your autograph this is going to
be autographed says Lex Oh or just a
quick beat CD I talked about this
alright so I tried to explain this in
this video but I did a really bad job
some can do it now while I'm editing but
basically we made a music album it's
called the clickbait album and it is
available for pre-order now it's full of
cool music that I listened to that I
think you guys will really like I'm
going to leave a link in the description
okay I'm actually going to remember but
basically we don't have artwork for the
album cover yet so I thought it'd be
cool if we could let you guys do it if
you guys pre-order the album you guys
can into the contest to see who will
make the cover
I'll leave rules in the description
right under it'll be at the top of the
description and yeah I just thought it'd
be cool if one of your guys's our work
was on the cover so yeah just check out
the links in the description it will
explain it all I know I'm really bad at
it yeah hope you guys check it out and
continue with the rest of the video and
now let me get dressed because I still
have the underwear on I wore in the in
today's vlog for a lot of it this
morning we're about to take rose and
Luna on the first walk ever because
we're horrible dog owners you've taken
Rose on a walk I tried once and I gave
up we kind of just run around with them
around the house we're never go on like
an official walk you guys going to be
walking I'm going to be rolling they
have a makeshift leash with my ass
shoestring because the dogs like to chew
up their own collars hey why you guys
get them ready I'm going to do something
that I've wanted to do I'm gonna get off
here I don't think it's gonna work three
two one go
it isn't worried we don't roll on carpet
yeah without Taylor woo she doesn't want
to go out she's just kind of the
electric fence hey Parker come on Rose
it's okay you cannot be harmed there's a
gate
it's okay Rose come on baby Luna can do
it you can do it hi God there we go see
you're fine they don't know how to walk
mom we never take a long walk yeah Rosa
walk we ran out to Terry Luna the whole
way
well that was the first and last walk
let's go back what did you want on guys
today we are back in I don't think I
ever did a proper intro for this vlog so
hope you guys are all having a good day
today
I think there's legit birds sitting by
our pool look at that there's literally
birds chillin by our pool there's three
ducks why is there ducks by our pool go
back home what we still to leave the
pool open so it can warm up oh my gosh
that's funny they're just chillin
poolside look ducks get to enjoy our
pool before we do let's test the water
still freezing cold probably like five
to ten degrees warmer I guess it's still
way too cold though I wish it would just
warm up already I really want to make
full videos what the lunar no come here
come here
she has a knife in her mouth what is
wrong with all these animals today hi
no no she almost stabbed Rose you
freaking oh my gosh all right come
inside no more nice though what's the
heck yeah that new trampoline that we
ordered still isn't in I don't know why
that's taking so long my shoes still
aren't in what else still isn't in the
new mat for the rectangle trampoline
still isn't in my second beanbag still
isn't in so there's a lot of things on
the way that are taking forever but I'm
just trying to be patient you know
they'll come eventually and this is why
we don't need to take them on walks
because they always run around and jump
and bite each other hi
I see you have an office now you know
it's not really put together that risky
I didn't think anybody was ever going to
use this room
holy I think I'm gonna have Debbie
scientists the same colors with the
bedroom up there oh cool you guys look
like the Ducks from earlier
hello please leave a message after the
talk
grandma called me back so as you guys
know I have wanted to teach my grandpa a
backflip for the longest time and I
talked to him about two months ago but
he hurt his foot or something like that
I think it yeah it was his big toe I
think he broke it it was really swollen
so we couldn't do it back then but now
we have the indoor foam pit I got all
the pillows he could ever need and he's
pretty in shape for being late 50s I'm
pretty sure he was the one who was in
the video my new car and you guys all
loved him he's super funny I'm actually
just going to finish my pop-tart and
then I'll grab my keys and we're just
going to go down there you might be at
work right now I'm not sure come on Keys
play neighbors sorry we haven't been
over to say hi we are the stamps
next-door come say hi sometime
Josie Thank You Joseph oh you're good
he's out mowing great now watch that
where's grandma last you know here you
do a little cleaning up in the back oh I
was wondering cuz I called how's your
foot but remember you heard as I
couldn't back foot another time because
I gotta get this boat for rain okay you
look here in a hologram ball don't take
off unless you all are dressed I will I
guess I okay we're dry down again
yard work yeah I'm good how are you here
it all dirty come on go hike in their
worship what's been up
I got some cool shoes that's about it I
seen those in I came to talk to Grandpa
cause I'm we're scheduling today I'm
teaching them a backflip I swear he can
do it alright guys we are back home now
and look at hey learned repping the new
merch that still isn't available I'm
sorry it's coming soon I swear and I
mean it ain't my fault but my mom is on
the phone with someone downstairs right
now and we're involved again somewhere
and I don't know if it's the weather
whatever bye still I love doing flips
like I'm in the mood to do flips so I'm
going to a flip right now you want a
record sure and thanks brother I got a
good job there you go whoa buddy more
par 4
you did it right as I was adjusting
myself oh but I think I got it wait they
have one here in Kansas why cancer
sitting it yo because I'm not 18 I'm I
owned one before I'm 18 that's bullcrap
I can't test drive the car on my own
okay Kris Kris gay oh did you gay yeah
I'm gay I'm gonna I'm gonna be happy as
in gay as in let's go what you could
test drive it and then I could
accidentally fall into the driver's seat
you want to go today you're on your mom
check you stress come on help me out
guys no guys I am like everyone go spam
her Instagram with how mean she is yeah
no don't do that
it's annoying thank you mom comment
about not marking where I do and I don't
partner anymore yeah then it works mom
if you go change right now this is what
my face will look like okay I love you
but you want your taxes done I hope
interesting come with me okay so as I
wait for my mom I got to show you guys
some was pretty cool I was chillin
watching the case unites that video and
then Logan from Big Time Rush followed
me back on Twitter come on there it is I
tweeted a video out and when I tagged
all the guys from Big Time Rush gonna be
my goal to have all them follow me okay
I actually enjoy the music and there
once I get all four of them I'm going to
get Gustavo if any of you guys remember
that guy he looks like this he was like
the manager of the band so yeah that
happened and we're about to go to the
Audi dealership right now I knew we had
an Audi dealership in Kansas I do not
think they had an Audi r8 in Kansas but
they have one and we're going to go try
to drive one I don't know if I'm going
to get to drive even if I get to I
probably can't put it in the video but
there's only two seats in an RA so I
don't know if it's going to be like just
me and my mom or if we're gonna have to
take turns and go with some other guy
but no matter what I'm going to get to
sit in one because I've never even sat
in one I don't even know how the power
of the car feels maybe I'll hide it I
don't know but I've talked about that
car all the time so yeah we're about to
go do it I'm super excited I'm so happy
right now let's go you ever have to see
you in your Letran to someone or a car
come out alright I won't log and drive
in the all right guys we made it and
there's a bunch of cars that look
similar to alright but they're not as
cool as we're I bet inside pulling up in
my dirty challengers my pink cross I
don't care
what'd you just say maybe wouldn't take
you fear are you kidding they take one
look at my shoes and just ham and cheese
like Oh Dennis Tanner and mighty force
communicator because you want to
actually get in the car I'm just like
you killing me well we're looking as all
right yeah okay alright well which one
you want to see we have two the v10 plus
we do we do yeah that one yeah perhaps
come on in which I think they already
lots of things that have it in a
convertible will tow is the other one in
like the back yes this one is a 2012
what years the other one 1414 yep this
one's kind of a kind of a unique color
that we don't see it very often we don't
really see the Suzuka grader that looks
like yeah but it's actually called
Suzuka gray okay you're thinking about
trading in the car uh no just Vaughn
okay
the way the carbon-fiber never even sat
in money well there you go up today hmm
Susan thank you no uniform it's so low
oh my god we're on right now what they
will have a governor in it like no we'll
go over Anna Moscow Oh correct
laughs
how many miles now I'm talking about
3,000 miles it's like you want to be
able to turn down the rumble
can I take the hammer in there so you
can not hear the noise oh yeah I gotta
show them this this is insane this is
wild and it does come equipped with a
cave for tear Adar something inside of
it you don't want to hear that however
right our detector in Maya
it is a I believe it's about a five
thousand dollar no going we're getting
this card okay look into the car so it
sounds good though the keys are on the
seat I get into the passing shot mom
we'll see you later yeah actually mom I
don't know if I won of the gas things on
this side my other ones on the left like
my truck and my other color I have an
aux cord in it that is the question of
the transmission is a little bit unique
you can treat it as a manual
transmission I've just by popping up and
down here or you can use the paddle
shatters or some of mine if you don't
you have to go into a then it's just
treated
Oh what it's like an SD card oh yeah
yeah and so there's this is the consoles
pretty small iPhone charger thingy yep
this author explained to me is a Quattro
system where all four wheels are like
securely on the road when you go really
quick so yeah see like we're going
really fast yeah we're still we're still
like this so secure it feels amazing hi
we are back at the dealership time to
time to tell my mom we're getting a
trigger device for now
hi guess what what we're getting okay
thank you so much for years - yep you
too guys the r8 has been such a big goal
of mine forever and we're not getting it
yet we haven't like signed anything that
was just a test drive but but we are
going to talk to some people and do some
things - maybe right now we are not 100%
sure there's also another guy that might
be buying that car I was gonna wait like
months to get the RA because I thought I
was going to be getting the 2017 and
that is like a lot more money like
double what we're paying for this one
but this is a 2014 barely used and since
my actual actual dream car is a
Lamborghini Aventador and I obviously
can't get that in Kansas it's just not
really going to work out then this is
the perfect car for now so yeah we will
see okay we're going to go home now
after we go eat I'll see you guys in a
little bit okay guys we got our food
we're home now and this is the spot man
I'm keeping the spot I said I was I
might have to fix my truck sparking a
little bit move some bricks some boxes
and then yeah sorry it's really small
it'll look so small compared to this
truck but hey it matches my truck kinda
oh my gosh we probably wrapped it I've
been saying this for months I haven't
said it in the videos I wanted to be a
surprise if it was ever going to happen
but you guys ready clickbait ra the
Kligman all right we're getting a custom
license plate that says
CLK ba ra or c lk b AIT i don't know one
of the tubes hey guess what
jesse is getting an r8 soon come on say
yes my mom said well okay I'll explain
it to you later everyone in this vlog
Arden
yeah chances are yes but you know always
fun at you when you get here well guys
as you can see I'm still super excited
hopefully within like a month I can get
that car yeah that is basically it for
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to leave like and share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe you and
I'll see you guys in the next one
you came in looking like that you just
made
