BIGBANG's duck yeah guys this little
trampoline there we go in yesterday's
video and snow spring and this it's up
kind of feels like jump on the ground I
still think triple front is impossible
and I like living size I don't want to
try yet but it's still pretty fun I
guess just Big Time Rush by the way no I
can't flip it in close my mom's good how
many she thinks I need a triple front
I'm not as good I don't know if I'll do
it excuse my pantalones but I think I
can do a triple front flip I'm going to
try it I'm like a professional diver in
my speedo I think I can do it I guess
I'll just put on some big time rush and
try it my dog goes are here to cheer me
on falling straight at it wow thank you
big Tundra holy brick I did probably
crap I should probably cover the flip
what did you only guys today we are back
pretty good intro to the vlog if I must
say so myself I did a triple of freakin
front flip off this piece of crap I
could probably do it without the
trampoline just off this but I think
that's going to be like one of the only
ones I do yeah so you guys are all
having a good day today and I'm just now
getting out of my room it's almost three
o'clock when you put my shirt back on
whole family friendly thing and start
taking seriously Quinn will be here in a
little bit but I just had to do that if
you guys can't tell if me getting back
into flips quite a bit pretty sure it's
because of the weather and it's finally
warm again like it was cold for a long
time it go from warm to cold and then I
get back into it and I just quit again
but I still love doing flips and in my
free time of stuff I do them sometimes I
don't record it but stuff like that I
definitely record it cuz I was crazy
leave a like for that triple from off
the balcony I talked about doing it in
former videos but I wasn't serious so
that was really really scary but yeah
about flips I'd tweeted like do you guys
want to see a Midwest meetup 2017 this
year and before I tweeted that I thought
about it myself obviously and I realized
I'm not as into flips as I was a year
ago like a year
that's basically all I did like last
summer that's all my videos were and
that basically the constant struggle
I've always dealt with do I want to be
known as like the trampoline kid or do I
want to be known as a vlogger and I feel
like I feel like I'm kind of both I
don't really know to be honest with you
guys I've always wanted to be known as a
vlogger that's why even in the videos
that have to do with either trampoline
verses or trampoline just like upstairs
I talk with you guys and that's what
I've always done I've obviously made
tons of other videos that nothing to do
with slips my most viewed video has
nothing to do with slips but I think I
will have a midwestern up this summer
even if I'm not doing that mini crazy
slips if you guys don't know what the
Midwest meetup is is basically where I
have a bunch of flippers or triggers to
my house in the summer for like a week
or so it's just guys that I've met on
Instagram and I've been friends with but
the thing is like I've lost contact with
so many of those guys I only talked to a
few from the last media before I just
met them on Instagram because I'd be
like in the flipping community or
whatever now my whole life's kind of
changed I don't really do that anymore
well I still do talk to some of them and
I think it'd be cool to reunite with
them and do like some flipping videos
for a week and if you guys are
interested in flips like I know a lot of
you aren't you don't have to watch those
videos I'm not going to be hurt okay I
know it's not interesting to a lot of
people but I don't know even if you
don't love basketball isn't it kind of
cool to see like a trick shot I think of
it the same way like if you don't like
flips or whatever but you see a triple
front I think that hey that's pretty
cool
yeah I didn't yeah I didn't either I had
to do it in like a speedo though like
yeah yeah I notice you're happening
high-five her the flipping king ha ha ha
there's kids way better than me yeah I
just want to talk to you guys about that
real quick and Quinton is going to be
over here in a little bit I already say
that probably if you guys happen to
watch yesterday's vlog II I saw Luna
finally jumped up on this beanbag by
herself after like 15 tries and last
night I slept on my beanbag for the
second time ever it's kind of short so
it's kind of hard I rest my feet on that
thingy but Rose slept with me and I got
a great night's sleep sorry Luna but
Rose is probably my favorite she's just
nice okay she barks and I'm in trouble
and I had my head stuck in the
trampoline oh and this thing the world's
best hiding spot Oh Oh I guess that's
why we didn't hiding it in the new house
hide and seek you couldn't really hide
mitt because the seeker was counting
here whatever yeah this thing is full of
clothes now because I'm too lazy to put
them in the drawer so they're going back
in here I knew this would happen
eventually
mom need to clean out your fridge I'm
down here
what now Penndel do you need my
refrigerator check for one I'll buy you
a new one this one's dirty
this one's just down here and you know
I'm impatient person second this one
looks cool and matches my room unlike my
old nasty white one and we're going to
keep this we plugged in they allocate
this one plugged in kind of put oranges
in my old one and then just unplugged it
forever and it became a nice fan but
this one's kind of clean on the outside
and I'm like I got a cold on the inside
and I'm I can't explode it that's why
it's all cold
okay well you like snacks we're looking
at a new swanky look going on Clinton's
own a swanky look anything yeah these
are comfy I was looking when I bought
that you know I couldn't help me lift
the fridge
look there's an outlet right here too
it's meant to be
thanks mom I owe you a fridge even
though you're going to use it for
clothes just do them don't let it get
outside you oh that's perfect for look
Clinton just had an idea
so we do this like we did in that one QA
I just did something stupid you had an
idea
then we can undo this take this out you
know going to actually scratches it this
thing every sort of good nature come up
to my window to scratch all in it yeah
Rose never did that
Rose cares about us being annoyed well
you're a good dog didn't care about that
on your little though
there we go stick that under there now I
can either stand on here and then pee or
I can stand on here and be like I'm
breaking out wait that just means yeah
bad acne you know I can sneak out and
get boys better yeah let's go meet some
boys what if I got that small trampoline
right yeah I remember that episode of
iCarly when I've hardly had the
trampoline into her bed she you can
literally jump into this remember that
mmm I could do that but we have to like
put the trampoline in my carpet let's
just burn I got home yeah we do that
again
I'm not going to show her my camera oh
you want in okay
okay Paris there's cars everywhere hurry
up grab the wheel we're going to play
our favorite game me really yep
called Paris drives and I don't and
stepping on it yeah no turn we're gonna
freakin miss the road
stay on the road Danielle it it's that
school bus I talked about and then never
followed up on the Magic School Bus
if it was magic then I'd buy it anyway
junit own someone you know
tell them what wait till okay she's not
going to say it's not a big deal but I'm
going to Los Angeles this weekend from
Friday to Monday and she's coming along
with me and I guess my family is too but
yeah it's going to be your first trip
with me
yeah I was thinking about pre filming
videos but I want to vlog so you guys
can you know get to know Paris more
because I feel like hey I get out of my
movie room I say you could come over no
man I did
hey positive otherwise I was doing this
using a friend sup sup sup sup sup sup
sup it's not even born they're watching
a childbirth I don't know don't tell me
don't tell me anything you want a grape
I'm gonna set you guys I'm a new fridge
I can't change insurance in this video
because I had to do a Skype call thing
but I'm changing back okay well I'm
gonna snap his friends family fell wait
wait wait wait wait what look at her
pants
oh we're matching that yours doesn't
have a hole hey Madison
this flip family-friendly Esther you
can't show nipples I don't think that's
an actual thing better not because I
like my nipples on camera Luna hey quit
scratching that come to the other with
our Luna come on come on hey go dog go
Luna it come here come here
you know she's bigger if you onto the
fridge Rose you want is I think left you
still I think you gonna come in I got
you I got you
what she's gonna be pushing through hey
you sweetie you just want to sit here a
little bit quit it's not going to push
you through the window knowing no are
you gonna put you through it on scare to
get her oh my god she is so scared of me
for a good reason you scared the crap
out of it onto the fridge I got you bro
don't worry come in please come on look
I got you come on okay pick Nia okay
oh you're heavier than Rose so is it a
yes about the the new show on the
channel do you think yeah you want to
tell them what it is
today's talking about the only doing
stupid things for money yeah
guys okay you know the videos whenever
we make Dylan jump in the pool for candy
or like do something dumb well we're
going to start your series on the
channel whenever we pay him to do stupid
suck please don't make me jump anything
anymore like okay well you know what
we'll do something else a wearing a
dress through Walmart while you healy
around that's going to be the national
yeah well it's 20 dollars
I need need need you guys common stuff
that we can make Dylan do for money
damnit it's legal yeah yeah it has to be
legal it's got to be something that his
kids will make fun of him for and that
we will too and everybody else yeah
everybody else while Dylan goes and gets
his new dog well it's actually his
brothers or something
we're gonna go to IHOP hey sailor or we
leap jump off that jump off the
trampoline chocolate I'm not doing your
brows why just go slow fine you win
sissy face it I know it sucks doesn't it
yeah yeah
hey bye thank you good day mate oh look
what fell out some tiles you steal hey
quit it yeah I like the Hawaiian theme
oh yeah I got I can wear this now
because now that I have a girlfriend
everybody knows I can't be gay leave
that in store like oh my god really
okay guys so we're chillin I hop right
and this server was in one of my old
vlogs I don't remember it but I'm a
manager now
yeah she's manager now look at that and
she was pregnant last time apparently so
we're putting her in it when she's not
pregnant
so congratulations boy or girl point one
thank you that's where heaven thank you
guys I never enjoy yelling house a joke
what happens live teenage dad's sake so
now what unless they enjoy your meal
nice they used to do nine some Islamic
never go to IHOP at corn you know why no
no don't you dare oh my god he gets ice
right cheers up ice then you put the
straw in spitballs ice and that hurts
it's like Little Rock's and if he's
going to hit my eye one of these times I
a cheeseburger omelette or something for
Dylan because I'm nice what you're
supposed to help me to the door you know
I don't work out I got my own door oh
hey guess what oh wow it's a family of
dago's
here's your cheeseburger omelette with a
bunch of random stuff on it cuz I didn't
look at your text of what you actually
wanted so there's a bunch of stuff thank
you I read this and Rosa video friends
bitch you calling what is it I don't
know boy a raccoon does that matter so
looks like you use too much mascara now
it's just that well guys we're going to
go ahead and we're going to play with
dog oh the less okay we're gonna go
ahead in the video there and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you so much
watching don't believe like in truth
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys next time
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
