what if you own our guys today we are
back in today for one we're about to go
to Walmart if you guys have already seen
the title this video I'm gonna wear my
Crocs so you can keep up with me usually
I wear my heels I'm going to I'm going
to be nice today okay and second thing
yeah we decided to do another video with
pop or soda depending on where you're
from and the reason for that is because
everyone seems to like them and we did
the bathtub full of them for the peel
box opening everybody liked that video
and then the crooked Mentos was your
most users yeah my most viewed video as
with caught cookie what it is is with
pop so yeah I figured we would combine
the trampoline with the pop and then
like shake it up and then did you bounce
and hopefully a break now thing is we
don't have my rectangle trampoline as
you guys know it's been destroyed so for
now all we have is our circle trampoline
that'll have to do hopefully the bottles
explode on those I know the rectangle
trampolines more stiff or whatever but I
think it'll be fun it's kind of cloudy a
little bit windy not the best for
trampoline verses but we're going to go
ahead go to Walmart and buy a bunch of
pop ah okay hold up real quick we got to
get a mini trampoline for the balcony
okay whatever this is contain little
yoga mat alright we'll get this what
he'll sit on the bottom service oh yeah
yeah bottom we're also going to get a
baseball bat so that we can like swing
Adam and stuff because we lost our only
baseball bat whenever we moved that we
used during the dizzy waiter challenge
yeah we're going to find one then we're
going to go get some pop kitchen just
you the longest time let me see let me
let me see if I can get a good swing
with it not like click video it's like
poop green I know as we thought about
this one this is going to be a lot like
laughs we're just going to go ahead try
to find a bunch of different ones we
can't forget the trampoline video and
here's that for the bat so it's just
talking about hangers out
this is for the bat shame note to self
bring your Haley's it's boring okay I
don't know why I always leave them the
same stuff every time we do these us
getting it out of the trunk la blah blah
you know what we're mixing it up today
we'll see you guys at the trampoline but
not that one it'll be over there what is
it what what do you want where we do
anything with any bottles okay I'm gonna
do a quick basketball trickshot first
try oh I'm gonna get a Getty angle all
the way over there you better not hit
your car you really you just hit a
ground ball into your freaking bumper to
see ya
oh my gosh I want something yeah Oh Luna
come on yes come outside I don't trust
you on my bean bag let's go come on hold
up watch this show get on the bean bag
by yourself I swear she can do it
look at her no come on one more charge
this is it Luna come on
yes okay be jumping through early take a
quick rest okay you can do this I
believe in you because back hope that
means you can jump up onto the bean bag
let's go come on Oh to the bean bag come
on
yes you did we did it folks I mean I
didn't do anything but yeah but we did
it but you're still getting stabbed here
I still don't trust you come on
so this is where the paint was Dillon
says it's all sticky it's all dead now
so that's cool hopefully pop doesn't do
that guys there's also the paint there's
our but mark still I don't know if we
have a replacement map for this that sky
bounced in us I don't know if I want to
put it on or not probably not for this
video but I don't know I really like our
butt cheeks and this amount of pain he
doesn't like sure with the trampoline I
don't know our masterpiece is almost
done okay one more
good enough yeah we're going to start
with the diet ones and bounce those
around first I'll shake them all up
there's something about a colorful
arrangement of pop they just makes
everything better not get my new
microphone sticky this is what Mentos
reacted to we learned our lesson in that
bathtub video whenever we bought a bunch
of regular coke and it didn't nothing
let's hope this does something they'll
land on the pole it'll be and I'm like
come on great it's got to land on
something far okay I'll just like
slamming on the cap oh those things are
heavy that would hurt I give up Oh heavy
the most fail trampoline vs. ever we
just open it Oh
y'alright my face look at the can will
do the can see if they'll pop can I hurt
our feet are you gonna hit it with a
baseball bat right now yes right out
that way yes oh my I want to try
oh thank keep your eye on the can I'm
sorry I will thanks coach Mitchell
I mean bitch'll Oh things like a katana
there we go just throw it up it'll
bounce and I'll hit it
wow that one went far the key to barely
tap it and then the pressure is making a
bar size throughout this story well I'm
into bouncing oh wow look at this thank
you look so good come get a drink before
stop
Wow did it again here again it's still
going how did that not get the lens
where I freaking hit it and it went
around and spits out I know I shot guys
we would like for that there you go I
give me one more good one dude I am
throwing three at once
three two one one Oh John yeah it's all
over new microphone so well that is we
need to have unclean oh yeah oh god that
was all over my face that was a pretty
good hit any major league baseball
scouts watching this just a business
email okay to it one throw them over
there Oh pilots do one a son I dented
one does that count
Wow literally felt like the bat came
back in hit my knee she's going to be
the worst clamp they're scattered
everywhere across our yards my doing 360
and hit this last one I didn't pause at
all okay now Ron did the two liters here
you can hit the two liter a diet coke
with it I'll throw it to you I'll do it
backwards three ah listen you guys thank
you one listen to this okay come on here
you go
wow that was add to our artwork with
charname see and curse this I was going
away fall into the trampoline I'm stupid
oh okay
oh it is like hitting a rock ha ha yeah
that hurt oh this is so good though ok
Fanta red Fanta let's do this
I gotta hit the cap throw it to me cap
first oh I got it I got a good line yeah
she's gotta hit the cap and then it fly
slow-motion replay that one that was
crazy you actually hit that pretty well
yes my hands are so sticky maybe that's
why I hid it so well because the grip
you know I what do you want uh inspried
Pepsi root beer man I wanted a grape
crush oh oh like so got it kinda hurt my
heart go again go again ha ha
I was raining for a second then yeah if
I can start throwing me dr. peppers all
his dick you hit six let's do a how-to
basic type of collage oh wow look at it
John both sides are like stretched out
dude what this is gonna explode
everything and he goes for the bunch
whoa Oh Dody hit the ground knocks the
life out of that one like the same line
yeah only it's a wife at a baseball I'm
going to throw them back to back to back
and yet they defense okay - three more
epic living out of you and come on
didn't miss that one nothing happens you
go I give you some to lose always have
my back so sticky claw here I have an
idea they won three we bounced them up
and you hit them okay high hit as many
as you can beeping break one one
oh I'll try that again what's this hit
the cap right here you have to work no
no no Norma are like this you're looking
what I just am I did like a puzzle
anyway awesome like that not a slanted
okay I sound like a little girl okay
cool you're going right we have like
five left I guess ready to dodge him you
suck oh you got close last bottle is
limited I don't think it's going to go
very far though there's caffeine in it
and the smoke goes okay is he going to
roll towards me this is it yeah I was
like we're going to go ahead and end the
video there my armpits are sealed
together they're so sticky but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video this is a
this was really fun I enjoyed it thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget leave like each other friends if
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys in the next one
hey K Tanner look it's not my fault
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
