I'll meet you around at the other door
okay come on guys watch you're going to
get up on the beanbag by yourself I
guarantee it you can do it little come
on come on no Rose you got in the way
what did you want on guys today we are
back in today first things first if you
guys have not seen the 24 hour overnight
foampit challenge AKA yesterday's video
you guys have to it's honestly one of my
favorite videos we did so many flips it
was crazy it was awesome and we just
stopped oh yeah gonna be tired it's nap
time for Luna and Dylan's flapping his
lip because she just got a filling and
he can't feel his mouth yeah I used to
get cavities all the time as a kid
frickin size diverse cavity yeah
must be nice I got cavities all the time
that stuff suck am I gonna break it
I've opened in the pool because we have
to leave it open so the Sun will heat it
up to like 55 degrees and then once it's
that the heater will kick on and then
it'll get warmer by itself so we got to
leave it open I cannot wait to be doing
videos of this in the summer it's going
to be so much fun and I can't tell if
this is as deep as our old pool or not
like it doesn't look that deep so I'm
standing up here it looks like maybe 60
not a cheat I don't know but for today's
video I think we decided on new house I
didn't see because the new house has a
ton of hiding places and we haven't even
played it like off-camera yet haven't
played hide and seek for years and we
are thinking hide and seek tag but we'd
be running with cameras and it'd just be
a bunch of this so we're probably just
going to do normal hide-and-seek but we
gotta wait for coin to get here so the
normal so Dylan can't talk and Quinton
sick just a little we should still kiss
we have to think of rules okay what
where can we go anywhere anywhere except
the garage okay
anywhere except for the garage and you
can't go outside I was eating these now
you want you over there we're going to
eat our chips and then we'll start okay
Dylan you can use this one hi wait wait
let me zoom in hey Tristan thanks for
letting me use your camera that used to
be mine there you go
okay so we'll do three rounds it'll be
each of us get a turn to be it and we'll
have round cameras you have your camera
Clinton
yay this is a YouTube party haha you're
it okay I'm at first in account in the
stone-pits we don't hide the princess
okay no telling your basement so you
don't hear where we go yeah go cut in
your room your rooms where we have to
count way up to count it was like I'm
checking the phone pit first recliner
man he's questioning somehow okay I'm
gonna go count I'll give you guys what
two minutes
minute one minute one minute you guys
got a record yourself going where you
are and then like record yourself no
really yes now I was going to tape it to
Rose thank you can we let them effective
they're going to give we're hiring
sports don't really look like yeah did
they get inside the gatorade bottle yes
they did that wasn't PU stuffing I was
Gatorade I'm going to account in my room
I'm actually excited let's do this k 60
seconds 1 2 3 4 5 I just remember to
Crisco you're not hiding or anything I'm
hiding over here in the best spot and I
hide in the curtains yield curtain items
luxury get to make sure you can't see me
I don't know I don't like the hiding
spot I'm hiding where I slept last night
last night I slept in the guest room ok
so now comes the decision of hiding in
that or like going back in there like in
the closet or the bathroom yeah how to
make it look like no one's ever been 13
14 15
nineteen Twenty twenty one times two by
three twenty one twenty four twenty five
twenty six twenty a nine
56 57 58 59 60 61 oh wait we're going to
60 okay time to go find them first place
I'm check-in to the movie room Justin I
feel like they'd run in here no no
nobody's in the movie room okay maybe
they didn't run downstairs nope I'll
take anybody down here Nirmal I'm being
quiet
everyone's hiding I don't know where to
go okay I feel I guess you checked the
film pit what if they're under the
mattress I jumped on our spare bedroom
dang it Taylor clean your room I thought
that was somebody dissing here
ah Winston I was like his bed is
extremely messy and that's conveniently
over the cuckoo's that's right last
night
yeah quitting's left in here last night
okay now I gotta go find India I was
like is it fun though I'm surprised I
found that if you hadn't us up there
last night I probably wouldn't have even
check melon did y'all you got up there
would be so good too
they'd never find you / she's like
nowhere oh my god what you just came
with your spot what happens look at this
it won't work oh you got it you're out
of memory
you didn't have to record I get it
they'll find you doing it well still I
didn't I go I guess you still want it I
found him first
oh right there by dad at checkers good
getting better you just utility 14 times
I was talking to this Kara like you call
me I think you just want Clinton Clinton
Hill frickin Marianas yeah I walked in
here first into you Wow okay yeah yeah I
was in the quor'toth person like
probably I can't stand you forever so
just about okay interesting we're gonna
have to delete some footage Justin I've
never formatted this SD card once this
is the first clip I ever put on this
camera I still had braces right here you
go that should be good story K Clinton
you trying to count my room - yeah the
person counting can have mine here I'll
trade you haha I got the chair McGann I
think we're doing every 60 seconds we go
look for them but I'll just do once I
get tired of eating the food in this
room they're probably going to be really
bored hiding dude I'm not use the camera
like this forever
well hi all right Clinton sit right now
okay come on just focus please
Lighting's Kuantan hi Dan what if I get
up there
like I can okay let's just get up here
so dark and scary connect it up to
installed within 30 seconds I'm hiding
in the closet upstairs okay I got up
here like I said I was going
let's go seek the hiders oh that step in
tea or Gatorade you
I found Dylan Daniel yep you found Dylan
Oh
Kanan is this house better he has an
unfair advantage I haven't checked there
was our the house it parkour this room
is empty and it also has a closet which
is cracked
oh you found Dylan first ready yeah okay
this is no harder if your closet wasn't
cracked I would have looked in here oh
yeah I know I couldn't shut it all the
way from up top
don't go out I call thank you
relationship goes la gurgles all right
guys just go to the mall okay your turn
yeah my turn
go go count my room I have never used
this camera before already learn a
little bit have fun
honestly the foam pit would be pretty
good spot because you can dig yourself
blank in the crevices all right I don't
want to I think I'm gonna go down in my
mom's room and get like a phone in her
bathroom okay what are we gonna do for
60 seconds but obviously up there
forever it's gonna be boring I'll be
with you okay let's go okay we're in my
mom's room this is the other cool spot I
found whenever I was in here it's like
up there Quinton I can hear them
upstairs actually so easy to hear them I
can hear them talking and moving around
we help me up there all right wait like
20 seconds please help me I think my
lips are still like really
we're gonna break it fall out
let's get my white bands 30
all he's gonna do it mmm this minute
minute - man ready or not here I come
they could be in manic everyone's if I
hit there's honey upstairs anybody home
anybody in here it's a lot of change
tell you to clean up in here what is
this get it have to be downstairs I
heard a whistle
anybody in here you guys are really good
at hiding what the heck I swear they're
probably downstairs like I said that
wouldn't be actually no our landing room
nope all right give me another whistle
oh I heard that whistle where the hey I
checked every room with cocaine oh he
hung up
melons at y'all he sucks at this game
Quentin there could be an actual secret
room in this house
Oh
cue stations can you find us already
dude I iqs you whistling and I don't
know where you're I was in every single
room in this house
damn I see you're not here on tape point
your camera so I can see where you're
walking so forward yeah what
questioner I he is very close no not in
here hey you want to move this basket I
don't you know I got it they're working
you'll have an easier time finding him
because you're tall
let's talk if you log it I think
generally me yeah I know you took all
picked up the second point which is the
source not on who won your point I think
is Clinton winner winner I get the
chicken dinner ha ha all right I'm
coming down I could get up there
you don't know none jump good why is the
ladder no Hawk here you go just gonna
snap you that is just bad idea come on
your Show online
well guys there you have a new house
hide and seek that was intense and took
forever in horse all right you're the
loser right but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and thank you guys so much
for watching don't usually like to share
with friends if you enjoyed subscribe to
new and I'll see you guys the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
