yes guys we finally have it what is
going on guys today we are back and
today well yesterday a new microphone
came in in the mail that I ordered a few
days ago and this is like the best
shotgun pro whatever microphone you can
get and the one I use right now still
make the little noises even though I
just got this one so hopefully hopefully
hopefully this is the fix to the problem
I'm going to put it on right now film
this vlog with it bad thing about this
one and the reason I didn't get it
before it takes batteries and I swear
I'll forget and then some of my videos
might just like not have any audio and I
screw up whole video so that's why I was
afraid but I was just really sick of
that so yeah let's test it out right now
okay now this is the new microphone is
it all should be secure and hopefully it
sounds good it looks weird it's like
even taller than the last one I don't
have the little fuzzy thing on top
anymore because it won't fit with this
one I'm gonna have to order a new one of
those they do win cover but I like it
hopefully it sounds good it has like
settings on the back of it I don't know
what any of that means
hopefully it sounds alright I kind of
forgot to turn the microphone back on if
you guys hurt in any of that see
basically what I was saying was rose bit
a hole in my pan just got these pants
and my mom's on the phone and I'm
waiting to see dr. foam because I want
to show you guys but the house is really
coming together and it starting to look
like a home we're starting to put
decorations up and just making it look
good and I was also trying to say that
the pool is now open and it's still ice
cold but the pool people have come and
we should have to wait for it to heat up
so it's probably going to be like a week
or two but the new trampoline that I've
been talking about should be in by the
time that it's all warm also my managers
coming from LA today to Kansas to see
the new house and stay a night I think
I've put him in a vlog one time before
his name is max but yeah look we got
decorations up there by the mirror that
whole thing's filled with not food I
showed this a little bit in yesterday's
vlog but this new hangout area looks so
cool we got this TV out of the old
basement in the old house up here in
this corner so this is actually pretty
cool going to actually love this
brothers rooms Hebe I'm not going to
show all of his room because I don't
know if he wants me to he might be
making his own video but yeah there's
some letters it's looking really cool
this room bought my sister's room is
still empty for now I think we're gonna
put stuff in as soon but we just don't
have all the mattresses yet because we
destroyed it a lot whenever we made the
old foam pit
so we're just a few mattresses short
right now we're going to put another bed
in there and probably a TV and there's
still a ladder in my living room by the
way if you missed that we can actually
do our laundry now I think I've talked
about that and in this hallway we have
pictures of my family and everybody
there's me with some snakes there's me
doing a backflip there's me drinking
some Orange Crush in my shorts in
seventh grade so that's pretty cool and
yeah we just pretty much decorated this
house a lot more just filled some of the
corners look we have a candle holder
thing another B I don't know why did we
got this thing in the kitchen I think
I've sat at this kitchen table one time
ever and that was for like two minutes I
didn't actually eat here I always eat
down in my room I scrap my food and go
down the basement is my place but still
what's really awesome you know it
doesn't look awesome my hair look at you
she went on a dog toy instead of my
pants that's why you're my favorite ha
ha can we have a bunch of pictures laid
across in the piano room these are going
to go I don't know maybe up on the walls
in here do you know where they going it
looks pretty good in here
black and white nice but the basements
still basically the same we haven't
changed that much about this and I don't
know how much will change I mean I'm in
charge of the changes okay one last
thing about the house this isn't really
decorations but we got a ton of movies
and stuff in here for the movie room
because right when we moved in we didn't
have very many movies to watch we had to
go rent them and stuff we found all
these movies in the old house we brought
them put them in there looks pretty cool
hey dog oh you want to try to do a
backflip today huh I think she's a
little bit smaller than when I tried to
teach Rose but we have a foam pit and I
have pillows in the foam pit it's really
soft and she's definitely way more in
shape than row so I think I think if any
dog could do it it'd be you what do you
think huh she snores it's kind of weird
oh my God look at her eyes right now
Luna Hey okay you scared me if you don't
want to do it I'll have to go come on
let's go come on let's go to the phone
pit we'll get rose she'll show you she
knows how to do it let's go find rose
first where she ain't Oh dog who put
holes in my pan rose okay guys now she's
in the mood I don't think she's ever
been in the indoor foam pit gosh yeah
Rose you want in too no yes
here come here Rose she's sitting on the
couch I think Rose wants in there you go
get on in there
no roads left us come on back rows fine
we don't need roads anyway she's she's
just fat rows just wants to watch I
guess I already put rose through the
roads had fun that day then she
faceplant off the trampoline who
remembers that don't ready I'll help you
jump in Oh
Oh hit the foam pit right there she
wouldn't let me slowly slip her into the
soft foam pit but she's jumping
faceplant off of the trampoline this dog
is the same way where yeah where yet
they are come here come here
don't bite me hey don't you buy these
pant grows are you did you know how to
do a backflip you've seen me do it a
couple times I'm guessing here's what we
do okay we got a nice foam pit right
soft as ever now what we're going to do
we're going to do a slow back foot I'll
hold you the whole time and you just got
to land on your feet okay ready first
attempt in three two one go
if you're any better than Rose what's
that give me kiss give me kiss ah I
asked nice all thanks thanks for biting
my throat okay see you later if you want
a five-minute break okay see you later
oh I thought I lost my phone for a
second I was scared you just watch me in
here take some lessons you stand in the
foam get your arms like this okay your
paws leaning them back and then backflip
just like that guys I don't know if
she'll do it Rose was a lot more
cooperative and I taught her for real
now how cool would it be if you could
like throw a ball past your dog and then
it catches it in its mouth like mid
backflip there's dogs like that I don't
think either my dogs will ever do that
though oh you just need to you need to
eat is that it okay boy you don't want
to do a backflip I was watching a
youtube video today it was called like
Rose Braun guards best moments and it
had a bunch of videos whenever she was
still young and I miss it but she's a
good dog oh now she barked whenever I
have my head stuck in the trampoline
right I'm okay don't worry
and this dog goes kind of mean still I'm
gonna try again oh I'm gonna get back up
they're doing back in here I'll help you
I'll let you back in let's go
she's punish me the fans do one more try
see if you can even do it you got to
give her a sturdy landing with these
pillows so she can actually put her paws
down three two one go excellent yup she
like lady that legit holy crap she's
like a cat
Oh No look at rose she's like she just
did it way better than me and you're
stepping all over rose roses jealous
Rose she just beat you in the bakflip
competition she's younger than you were
and she's already a better flipper
she's mad guys give me a handshake right
now I know I haven't taught you that but
okay or a bite okay thank you
well Lona you inspired me now I want to
do a little bit more flips handstand
drop this is Coldplay by the way if you
guys don't listen too close like
something wrong with you I have a nice
audience by the way
oh yeah holy crap
whoa why was it so scary I had like no
rotation on that I'm so glad I made it
over my head Luna I'm a better tracker
than you haha let's say you do a
swinging cast away from no swing yes
right want to help me with something I
know I'm cleaning but this is so
important I got to air up the tire of my
truck how else am I going to go do
country boy things yard is awful this
gate is awful makes a really annoying
sound yeah look at all the crap
Rosalie's around the air problems you
know if our basketball goes flat we're
screwed unless the tires are good I
think it's just this one but I need help
I'm not an official country boy yet okay
today or tomorrow we are ordering a new
math for this trampoline we're not
getting rid of the frame and stuff we're
keeping the colorful frame we're just
getting a new black part and yeah maybe
new Springs as well because this one's a
synonym to make them worse and then this
is all extra parts from an old
trampoline we need to get rid of I I did
wash my car yeah I just washed it looks
kind of pretty but house are we going to
get out of the secret room it'll come
back down up there so hold on to this
drink locked in that's why okay this way
yeah what we're not called the fold up
on a mansion
yeah oh sorry let's get over this oh hey
the air compressor right here came on to
lesson again now just let's just do it
okay I think I know how I just want your
help to make sure we're going to
compress the mayor right now
in fact the tire pressures you
but yeah guys I guess that is basically
it for this video and I hope you guys
enjoyed it we're going to go ahead and
end the vlog here because like I said my
managers coming from LA and we're going
out to a show tonight and then dinner
and stuff I don't want a vlog during
that and he's supposed to be here in
like 30 minutes so I still hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys in the next one I'd be sad
it ain't my you came in looking like
that you just made
