what is going on guys today we are back
and today I woke up and I was thinking I
haven't done a prank in the new house
yet ever since we moved I haven't done a
single prank on like anybody besides
that one time Quentin put like fake
blood on his hand in the bathtub peel
box opening and then we pranked my mom
but that doesn't really count I mean
like an actual prank so I was trying to
think of one to do and since that one
trampolines basically ruined and I know
we got like the paint thinner to try to
fix it I realized that trampolines never
gonna be the same as it was it's never
gonna be as bouncy it's never gonna be
as good so I was thinking of stuff to do
and I realize I mess around with my mom
law and I prank her a lot so I was
trying to think of something that would
actually trick her and that would make
her freak out because a lot of things
she'd just be like oh that's a prank or
whatever cuz she's in a lot of my videos
and she's used to it but one thing that
never changes about my mom if I'm in
danger or I'm her or like any of her
kids are hurt she freaks out so yeah she
freaks out about that stuff so I figured
why not go out to the rectangle
trampoline she's gonna be home in like
10-15 minutes I'll be out there bounce
on the trampoline whenever she gets home
she's bringing over some guys to work on
the house I don't know what they're
doing so hopefully she's not too busy
with them but I'll be bouncing on the
trampoline she'll say hi to me I'm
guessing I'll have camera set up in like
secret places and then whenever she's
not looking I'm gonna bring this knife
out there with me and I'm gonna take it
out I'm gonna cut a hole down on the
trampoline and all like stick my head
down in it even though there's already a
hole in the trampoline from the play
button video we did with it hopefully we
can prank her I really want to and I was
gonna be like hey what pranks do you
guys want to see me do in the house but
I can't really ask that because my
family everybody watches the videos so
whatever I come up with kinda has to be
on my own but yeah I'm gonna put this in
my pocket and I finally have a reason to
use my second camera because I never use
it I got this wind protector thing for
this hoping you'd make the audio better
but it actually made it like way worse
so I think I'm just gonna rip it off can
I can I rip it off there we go hello how
are you what did you just say I said
your recent fan mail is there and there
I was it all out of the back of the
truck
Wow because we're remodeling our house
so my mom has a bunch of stuff guess
what I'm doing today well I'm doing like
a before and after I'm doing tricks on
it before I whatever so what are you
doing they can stay out here with me
you should come out and watch me flip
okay table like new table and chairs
under the light so we don't hit her head
okay come on come on
Thanks come on let's go come on okay see
ya okay yep she's in all right so this
is believable told her I'm doing
trampoline tricks um it's probably gonna
cut the trampoline now I'm gonna go run
and get my tripod real quick this camera
can be wherever I want it to be because
I always vlog so it's not like
suspicious GoPro and everything's still
set up alright screw the GoPro it's out
of memory and low battery whatever
hopefully this worked I'm so scared this
is really me and I hope it actually
works out I hope she freaks out this
camera can chill here Kevin oh this
pains me so much all right we got our
hole let me put the knife away so I
actually hurt myself dude these threads
are super hard because of the paint
there we go that's that's a good head
hole
yeah it feels like a brick
I opened those two
okay so she's still talking to movers
she just came out here let me throw this
knife down she almost caught me oh my
gosh I was really scared I didn't get my
head in
so she's run it right back in I'm
actually get my head in this time but
she thinks I was testing the trampoline
before and after we use that stuff but
we're not using it at all
okay
dogs barking still this really hurts my
mom needs to hurry okay just talk to the
movers my mom's down in the storage room
right now moving stuff I told the movers
to send my mom outside so on their next
trip down they're gonna tell my mom to
come my side and that I need her for
this video of testing the trampoline but
I'm just gonna stick my head in now
hopefully it looks real I don't know
what it looks like what does it look
like I died or broke my neck so Wendy my
camera better not fall I don't know when
she's coming I can't see now I'm gonna
put my body over this way in my head
down this way I can't see okay my mom's
taking forever it's probably ten minutes
I'm still chilling this doesn't feel
that good
I know I would have kept going but I
know if if I ever really broke my neck
or something see Rose is going crazy
she's like freaking out i sat here for
like 15 minutes my neighbor's my neck
might actually be broken or sad so long
I had the movers come stingy it's just
you're on a prank show mom see we could
smash bottles on each other's head and
you don't care but if I get hurt with
trampoline that's realistic
do you like my hole yeah I just want to
do a prank video look I could just run
out okay well I'll see you later
hi there how do we do Lana so you get
your beginner I think we got her
yeah she's shaking oh my gosh guys we
just got my mom to good she was freaking
out and I would have gone longer with it
I would have acted more like I was
twitching and everything as you guys saw
I was trying to make it look real
because at first she's like what are you
doing she thought I was just laying down
there like ignoring her but I started
like moving and twitching like I was
like you know they actually really hurt
like my armpits are even sweating I was
so scared like my mom you don't mess
around with her when it comes to kids
getting hurt
once my little cousin jumped in the pool
before he could swim my mom jumped in in
her full clothes like we just got out of
church she jumped in to get him out of
the pool and there was like 20 other
people in their swimsuits all around
like she does not fool around with that
so it was really funny and my head
really hurts from like letting all the
blood flow for like 15 minutes it was
worth it though we got it I just can't
believe she didn't see me whenever I was
cutting the trampoline I thought she's
all and then I saw her out of Cour my
eye so I just like laid in front of it
you guys saw it worked that we got her I
know from dealing with when you have
been hurt is stay calm then I'm like oh
I was like trying to twitch and make it
look bad cuz whenever at first you're
like Tanner what are you doing cuz you
just think I was laying down yeah I had
the movers help I guess it's like I just
get my brain wrapped around all the
craziness you do okay I can handle this
so what's happening now we're not
actually gonna buy this one early No
yeah Ethan youtuber and his fans like to
try to order pizza and send it to our
house definitely we need our address
blacklisted we told the last guy but
apparently you didn't do it
we've had our broad guard yeah we've
told Papa John's we told Pizza hat we've
told Gambino's so yeah this address and
Lesley prepay okay I'll tell my manager
I'd buy it
I know it's like 3 o'clock hey guess
what mom know our foam pit that we have
by the way guys she's not mad anymore
right well I realized a way to make it
softer we go to Walmart and we buy a
bunch of pillows and we stick them on
top because those three pillows are my
sisters and there's two matches down
there we need to get those out because
those are gonna go in that guest room
right there and then my brother's guest
room right there
so yeah we're gonna have to dig out the
foam pit a little bit but then I might
get pillows we're gonna put it on top
and I want to see if it makes any softer
and we're gonna do that for the rest of
this vlog because I'm curious and it's
not that soft right now yeah let's go
now just couldn't won't be here for a
while yo I just realized since there's
no foam right here my mom can park her
truck in here and I need to fix my flat
tire I have a flat tire on my truck so
I'm gonna fix that and then I'll put it
back in the garage but I'm saving that
third spot in that garage because that's
like my garage for the Audi r8 whenever
I get it I have no idea probably a few
more months but hey I'm keeping it mine
and yes I'm wearing this jacket it's
Paris's I don't care it's kind of comfy
well Quentin just told me he's on his
way now but we're gonna go anyway we
need pillows well we got him and it was
a horrible experience because it's windy
out and they have this thing you own
them and make some slide everywhere so
flying everywhere we're still sitting in
the middle of the crosswalk thing and we
stole a pan she put it at the bottom of
the car I didn't see it we didn't scan
it we were thieves it's going in Walmart
I'm sorry they treat me like crap it's
okay it's five dollars it's it was but
it was like worn mom this a big deal
let's go back I normally would but I
have people going to a house do not fit
that in your video we are not
quinton made it and we're bringing in
all the pillows now
yeah it looks so much softer I'm about
to try it out oh hey and we got
furniture up here I didn't even really
know about this what you have two beds
in you know oh yeah this is gonna be two
beds in there and then one in that other
room bye
that's we have to get the mattresses out
of the bottom of the foam pit my mom
said because she wants to use the nice
ones this used to be mine til I gave it
to my brother who remembers this in
videos I was forced to give it to my
brother for his bean bag because I said
I would and then my mom was like I heard
you saying our house is finally coming
together after a month we finally
decided to start putting stuff in so
looks pretty cool this is gonna be a
girl's room it's used to be mine it was
a light brown ugly but they painted it
so now I guess it's my brother's one of
these was mine one of them was Tristan's
the whole desk was in my room remember
that used to be light brown and ugly
same with that dresser used to be my eye
dude just one front day I'll do it ready
this is salt it stopped now still kind
of fall through to the phone but it's
pretty soft traxtorm yeah if I ran track
in high school would be so good I really
like castaway than 180 in midair should
I try that okay since this is really fun
I'm gonna do a little bit more of this
before we go back downstairs
this is gonna be funny get through there
well guys we're gonna go ahead and in
the video there and I hope you guys
enjoyed it can I get out this way I did
a prank on my mom where I had my head
caught in here and she freaked out and
then yeah I pranked her for today's
video I saw your tweet that she cried
what how did you put a hole in I cut one
why because we're not gonna fix this
piece of crap we can use it today should
we use the paint thinner on like half of
the Tramp and see if it works so yeah
for now we're gonna in this video so I
hope you guys enjoyed it and don't
forget leave like each other phones if
you enjoyed subscribe he knew and this
is painful because I I don't have
sleeves and I'll see you guys the next
one I got my body through it before I
can do it again you did yeah no way oh
my hips your hips don't lie man peace
out
but you came looking like that you just
maybe
