is the oven preheated to 69 degrees the
ovens getting heated prematurely good
what is going on guys today we were back
in today I hope you guys are all having
a great day and guess what the fan mail
opening is back trying to slice and dice
and do this in this van merchandise I
haven't taken a shower today for one he
took a jersey shower Cologne yeah he
taught me that to spray yourself to it's
already dark and I haven't vlogged
because I've been working on setting up
my streaming stuff so I went to Best Buy
I did all of it it's basically ready to
go but it's dark so I can't film a vlog
and I really just wanted open fan mail
and I figured we might as well bring the
fan mail opening back and the circus I'm
pretty sure the details to my P o box
are still in the description I've just
always left that there feel free to send
me whatever you guys want because I'm
gonna be opening all of that stuff and
videos from now on here Dale there's not
a video I make anymore that does not
have comments that say bring back the
peel box opening where that was your
guys's favorite videos and I feel like
this is the series where we can open up
and be a little bit more edgy how
they're G's the edge cuz it as edgy as
fate I know but can you hand me one
where Oh Bob has it ha ha ha you rascal
we were kids we used to fight like cats
and dogs you know how brothers are and I
never expected that left hand and get me
hey guys remember this segment now to
open it up real good you just gotta give
it a push and pull the trash goes down
the trash chute by the way these
packages are very very old because
they've been in the back of my brother's
truck for a while I mean his Jean his
truck alright
I have finally opened my first package
that's a pillow thank you very much
can't wait to rest my head on this at
night wait Bob here's Taco Bell change
sack Tanner Reed off camera will do dude
they sent me a rainbow slinky in a bag
it's this little guy they send me a
package that says not for Quentin do not
stab how do I think about that what I'm
not gonna stab it ok with the little
knife
this was out of your head I wasn't
looking
dude I've never actually tried this what
if it goes all the way down the stairs
in five four three two damn it I also
want to say that if you guys do send us
packages oh hey here's a way better
slinky go so if you guys do send
anything in for the videos I try to open
big packages that are heavy and contain
you know quality content cuz I really
don't like opening crumbs from the
corner of your bedroom you can send
anything you want but it might be edited
out if it's just a bunch of light rash
cuz that happens a lot yeah send a big
trash bag one time full of Skittles
remember yeah then they would shoot up
that dog pooping is that good ro this is
a 3d printed tea run guard whoa and
that's sick you know it sucks that it's
misspelled but I don't care T bran guard
calm within a we don't make a mistake we
have happy accidents Ryan Melvin sick
this reminds me of my dad this is all my
dad wears I was gonna impersonate my dad
but he doesn't say much so yes the world
of fun pocket disc comm handmade and
Guatemala Fairtrade 100% cotton take
cover in three two one
Wow no good I feel horrid so if you send
me something that's completely duct
taped I might not be able to get into it
it might end up going down the stairs
it's a potato definitely if you're
wondering why Quinton looks like his
brother it's because he got a haircut
and he always looks like he's a brother
don't judge me challenge this one's from
Allison and Avery Jackson and I think it
is artwork because I can feel by the
package I've been around the block a
time or two yeah yeah thank you guys I
didn't break it when I slammed it with
my elbow the fan art wall downstairs is
still getting built by the way it's
under construction and I'm down the
drain oh just rip this in half there was
paper pushed up to the top I'm sorry I
didn't mean to you're acting like you
haven't done this in a while I haven't -
the best youtuber ever from Jessie it
ain't my fault clickbait what now you
put it on you will be friends forever
yo check in this bag there's airheads
there's like 60 of them thank you
you gotta save this for a third vff you
know what I have the perfect man for the
job
ha ha it's my dad look with that on his
little paintbrush it made me feel very
special to invite him into your home and
collect me be part of your family thank
you very much dude we should build a Hot
Wheels track we have treed I saw the
specs on those they're limited edition
Derrick make it Garvey what I'll guess
your fortune-telling what it is um one
last tip for if you're going to send us
stuff I get a lot of cars I get a lot of
bracelets I get a lot of the same stuff
so try to use your thinker and really
just go for it just like this guy did
when he sent me two cars Hey oh it's
even taped together dude this has gotta
be good what is this
alcohol some kind of foreign drink on
Dudley
all right so let's read what's in it
zu John Wesley's Holliday oxid Seward
ships they have like dots above letters
smells like soap let's give it a go it
smells like apple cider vinegar I don't
know where you're from but where we're
from we like things to taste good not
this here you go okay yeah if I get this
right you have to take two drinks of
that okay I bet it's a poster for Tanner
someone sent me their mixtape I failed
the meat the gravy of the meal no no
this is definitely my package that was
supposed to maybe go out somebody
already they returned it it's just
straight out of the gone Church you just
don't send it back I'm serious yes
you guys drink two drinks to the
Matthews's not a poster that is a that
is a painting I'm not drinking that and
you can't make me daddy I can make you
drink whatever I want you to baby okay
Bob hold on to that here
you do know he's weak in the knees he's
getting no he's actually good painting
should make you happy it does nothing
else it shouldn't make you happy if it
doesn't make you happy you're doing the
wrong thing you know it's crazy what I'm
not freezing because we preheated the
oven beer a small business based out of
a guest of Kansas on our sole purpose to
help and save cats and dogs to achieve a
goal we donated 20% of the proceeds to
PetSmart Charities there's a picture of
a cute dog who looks like rose and they
sent this to me and I'm pretty sure I
don't know oh this is a big clip thing
and they sent me some shirts there's one
for Taylor and one for Tristan and
there's one for me and there's a dog Oh
on a trampoline well Frick thank you
very much it's Chuck's heart calm if you
guys want to support the cause I don't
know man I like dogs and cats so not a
bad idea it's like on your phone give me
my phone yeah it does take it take it
take it that's musically lighting if
I've ever seen it watch these snapchats
you can take I guess it's only a little
absurd does that gets brighter and then
it goes thank you for this that is cool
I don't know who sent it because he
opened the package and he's not a
youtuber the last package of the date
this one is from I am Robert Duffy
alright Duffy duck what's in here cars a
monkey a bunch of stuffed animals some
obviously fake counterfeit to all the
dollar bills hey kid what that's not the
last War I forgot about that one
okay hold up let's open it up I bet it's
not a wooden board wait what I think hey
I actually think because they taped it
and spray paint over it that it's a
wooden board with cardboard and they put
so much weight on it like family because
it is this the gift I think so
but but it's but they didn't externally
wrap it but I see wood right here this
one's saying keep it sturdy I'm opening
it up it's not anything in there
to be safe we're gonna open it up make
sure there's not anything else
oh yeah there's definitely something
under here oh there it is I think it's
just like my Lamborghini one oh it's
another bigger people it's something big
I was wrong
what if it's from the same guy I love
you if we get a cool black for the Attic
I'm gonna beehive come on come on come
on oh it's even sicker no oh my god oh
my god this is definitely the same you
guys can get it in the same frame so
maybe we need a backup this is nuts
this is from the same guy Dylan Taylor
oh my god I mean that's a 20-17 r8 and I
have a 2014 but damn that's actually
crazy this this is why I love these pill
box openings this is amazing hey Tanner
it's still on the same guy who sent you
the two mil Lamborghini plaque I can't
thank you enough man because of you I've
made daily videos since January for my
new channel anytime I need motivation I
go back and watch one of your montages
my favorite is your 1 million subscriber
video hey I just made another montage
it's called Y 2017 was the best year of
my life everyday you posed I watch your
videos just keep me going you have
single-handedly changed my life for the
better every day I wake up and do what I
love doing all because of you man I
still can't wait to see you one day
until then keep doing what you're doing
sincerely Dylan Taylor here's my channel
wolf Ricky yeah for some reason I
thought he's gonna say here's my PayPal
no subscribe to this man I'm gonna
subscribe to this man I'm going to have
him come over to my freaking house Dylan
we're hanging out this is gonna go
somewhere very very special but
seriously thank you very much Dylan all
the goofs aside guys I just want you to
take away positivity from my channel
we just goof around we just it's all in
for entertainment it's all just for you
guys and I want you to be happy when you
watch the videos and I want you to be
motivated and partay I think I missed
like 10 to 15 uploads this entire year
so you just gotta work hard how many
other 17 year olds do you think work
that much none that's why I'm the most
subscribed seventeen year old on YouTube
and I will stay that way you know why
cuz I'm a maverick bro I'm like a what
you may have missed 15 days I posted 15
days talking later here's Logan Paul the
Maverick when he was 17 and here here's
me yeah that's right oh but yeah guys
where you're gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoy
didn't thank you so much for watching
and don't leave me like if you enjoyed
subscribe anyone else again
there we go just have to splash the
cameraman one time so he he doesn't feel
neglected
you just maybe
