okay well let me get back to where it
was in the absence what is going on guys
today we are back in I am now pretty
much addicted to friends so Thank You
Dylan and a lot of my videos Dylan just
sits in my bed and he's either playing
GTA 5 or he's watching Netflix and he
watches friends and now I watch it and
I've watched 14 episodes in the last
like two days so yeah it's a good show
but yeah another rainy day here if all
gloomy out still some was hammering
something it was raining this morning so
I just you know watch some Netflix and
the rain made me think of something that
I wanted to talk about and I wanted to
talk about it to you guys a little bit
for like the past week or so so I think
everyone not do it right now this is too
much crotch hold on I'm getting my
tripod so something I've noticed ever
since we got back from the few meet and
greets that we did before those all we
did was like wake up and immediately
think like what cool video we're going
to do today for like a week you guys can
see on my channel we made a ton of like
really good videos all of them did
really well and you guys loved them and
then like after we got back from New
York and Philadelphia and like did the
meet and greets and although that was
fun like we were so tired after it and
whenever we got back I feel like
everything's just been more lazy around
here like I've never watched 14 episodes
of a show in two days I mean besides the
Walking Dead if that doesn't count I
spent literally all Spring Break
watching seasons 1 through 6 but I'm not
trying to make excuses I know they
haven't been as good and with the
weather being bad like the weather was
alright yesterday and then I went
outside and I feel like yesterday's vlog
was pretty good and I feel like the two
before that one were pretty decent as
well but before that I just didn't like
them that much I don't know maybe you
guys did like them but one thing I
wanted to say was some days you wake up
and you just really don't know what to
film or maybe you just don't want to
film at all even though most days if I
feel like that I can just start filming
and then it's alright and then the video
ends up being good and I'm having fun
but some days like there's nothing you
can do and you just really don't want to
film and then you force a video anyway
but sometimes it turns out alright
sometimes it doesn't usually if I'm
having a bad day I let my day get better
before I start filming you know i film
it first and then if I'm still upset or
whatever's bothering me doesn't go away
then I usually finish my vlog at night
like you guys have seen vlogs where ever
I start in the morning and then it skips
like five hours because I just don't
like to film whenever I'm upset or
anything like that I feel like that can
just ruin a video so easily and a lot of
you guys think of me as just a kid with
no responsibilities and ah he's a
youtuber he made it you know he's got
whatever no school or anything he just
sits around makes videos jumps on the
trampoline for a living oh my god he has
no idea how many times I heard that in
school like whenever I left school
you just make trigger playing videos
very much and I'm not complaining at all
I worked for this life and I loved it
and I love that I can connect with you
guys I love that I can inspire people
and there's amazing things that
definitely outweigh the bad but I do do
a lot more than just make videos and
even if it seems like my day was boring
and the vlog wasn't that great that was
probably a day that I was super busy or
I was working on something else and I
just don't want to complain about that
in the vlog and like ruin the vlog so I
just don't talk about it but I just want
to let you guys know that by far the
biggest thing I want right now and the
thing I've been working towards is just
having you guys watch all my videos
making every video a video that you guys
would want to watch and I know that's
like an impossible goal because some of
them just aren't going to be great but I
feel if you guys can take your 10 to 15
minutes every day to watch me then I
should try to make it as entertaining as
possible and it's funny because if I
make a boring video you can tell the
people that have been here forever and
support me and stuff and then there's
some people that like just got here I
guess and if it's boring they'll just
get so mad and I see a lot of familiar
names in the comments and it's just
great whenever I can like be like oh
yeah I know that guy he's been watching
me so yeah that's my biggest goal right
now and I hope whatever going on in my
day and my life can be interesting to
you guys
so yeah let's continue with this vlog
and also that new microphone comes in
tomorrow so hopefully there's no
screeching because that's why I was
moving my camera
throughout talking hoping that my
microphone didn't mess up hopefully this
is the last day with that microphone I
don't trust it call Quintin Oh
whatcha do okay are you coming over here
yeah all right Quentin's going to be
here in two hours what to do for two
hours more Netflix yeah by the way
sometimes my day is super boring and all
I do is sit around that is today all I
gotta say
I like to kind of live those people
ordered the stuff to our house this
cookie is really good
so thanks yeah that's good thanks groom
well now I found out what I get to do is
to go get my sister from school so not
really fun but you guys can join me hey
let's go
you got to go outside I don't trust you
in here check this out hold up let me
find it all right here
Dylan was everything his video he left
her alone for like five minutes and she
did this to his cord it was actually
Quinn's cord and yeah he wasn't happy so
you can't be trusted and um outfit of
the day I gotta take an Instagram
picture in this come on
Dalton you walk or do I have to carry
you ah all right I have to carry you say
go play Rose row
oh hey she's hiding now you can stay
inside because I trust you you don't
tear up our stuff you just take it and
hide it went outside and found one of my
good shoes by our back gate because Rose
will take it and show the tightest you
won't even chew it up so let's take it
and yeah oh gosh is it raining
it is I'm taking my truck no no I think
you can still fit through there nah one
day she's going to get too big and then
our heads gonna get stuck she's like not
even going to realize it I still do
actually love driving this truck though
and I'm still glad that I bought it even
though I don't even put it in that many
videos get to my escape to be my country
boy someday I'm going to go camping and
I'm not going to bring my phone or
anything and I'm just going to sleep in
here and be an actual survival country
boy for a night I'm here I'm out front
in line why I look I'm about to pull up
to the guy with a little sign here truck
yes I'm in my truck I'm a country boy
from the route you like my outfit I can
see my hair's with no legs look at my
shoes you should see my shirt - I've got
the camo shirt on that I got in a what
was it Philadelphia and then we my my
shoes you take an inch graphics for me
okay oh boy wait when like when we go
yeah we're probably us on our house like
only oh you want Dairy Queen yeah that
would be nice today let's go oh no my
phone to slow down about the time I hit
the gas there's a little gap and the
little console thing in the middle see
that yeah it doesn't go down try it
this yeah what nah I mean it you can't
open there you go see you can't can't go
down but the phone still flies with us
down so yeah Legrand my phone thank you
does that Quinn Quinn that was Quentin
but if we pass till anomaly oh yeah they
both get their brothers from school you
probably don't know couldn't ask brother
no right what are the odds that they go
pick up their siblings like I just said
hi ice cream time bruh sometimes people
say I've forgotten where I came from and
I don't I'm not with my roots anymore
but I still listen the big time rush the
understood what it was oh but I decided
try there's no crisis your
which ones do you know other ones
medicine are you both this real quick
course I know they're on this area
doctor there's no base kinda just like
fuzzy yeah all right all right area
clean and I didn't bring my keys which
means I didn't bring my wallet because
whenever I'm not driving my car I just
don't grab my wallet because I leave my
keys in here so we don't have money so
we're going to go home and come back
yeah like that's what we're doing closet
ice creams grant Allen okay we got the
ice cream
she's not kidding cut the gun down I got
you what you wanted you made it did you
hear me yell in the line
are you aware I yelled at you whenever
you're getting your brother no no I you
what pillows yeah I'll stop calling
around on the rug in there oh you're
soaked okay ah I'm jealous
can I have one on you I'm putting these
in the foam pit she loves it my god her
where's my hoppity's in my room though
because then I like Sigma's rose well
this is just your daytime true again
Luna come here Luna Oh lookie dance oh
yeah we need a quitter on her so she
knows not to go on roses roses Rose will
bite her hey guess what works for you
miss take a room in the new house today
for a minute you don't know about it I
think you just caught the house yeah I
say good new house alone here a month oh
yeah sure we also got miss stuff my mom
got it for me it's aunt what is it it's
like paint Center that hopefully
wouldn't ruin the trampoline but it's
too wet out right now try it so probably
probably tomorrow because the the water
it would just won't work so we're gonna
wait and then try it out and maybe it'll
fix it probably well okay we got to go
through the rain to get to this why
because it's rain ready
I have my hug and then we got bowls for
them that are actually good oh you don't
have a hood here okay I got you I gonna
be hopefully yeah so I came out here and
I realized my truck wasn't here that's
why I took my Chuck it was already out
there but yeah so what truck wasn't in
here because this was down for some
reason I don't even know why or who put
it down but it was down and then this
thingy and it's not not an attic dude
it's actually a secret room that we're
getting into never explored before
say I'm gonna climb up it
or find people I purchased 30 lines oh
nice you all okay I'm going to try to
actually get up and let me show them up
here real quick I've never looked up
here yo there's a floor I think I might
actually be able to stand on there's a
golf bag and something else that's cool
I don't know I think we can stand on
these I'm not sure I'm gonna hang on
this trying to walk across a little bit
as well and if I fall through catch me
and a cool window this could actually be
some 1,000 not kidding
that'd be so cool you got to come up
here yep you can walk okay I feel safe
China didn't this cool like how there's
like a little pad there's a light too
this could actually be a room where's
that how do we turn on all right follow
this all the cord what the heck I don't
feel nice wish every lice which is like
down in the garage or something I don't
know yeah but look there's a golf bag to
have any clubs in it actually mine take
a look I don't know how to get mad like
dull maybe there's a gun murder weapon
found falling below head open golf bag
we'll read them and check what you just
pull it off well there's no and there's
a gun in there except there's no way in
and what is this just the bag and the
suitcase most big suitcase all right
well if you guys are watching this video
the people that own this house before us
your stuff here if you want hope it's
kind of gross up here but that's just
like insulation I mean if you just put
up like some I don't know some
mattresses as a wall rack and cheese
idiot it'd be pretty fun if there's a
little bit warmer but look look there's
windows with blinds all right now the
Descent out of the the newly found room
of the house there's actually cooler
than I thought so back through the rain
get in here no no okay ah okay let's go
I hope I step on Luna I think they
switched beds look Rose isn't even on
her she's chill next to it what do you
know that's what I was this bad
technically that's what we agreed on
we're trying to turn this house into a
home
oh I see those pictures of us I want to
go get a close-up you look really weird
I think I'm old now no your short hair
made you look like a boy but yeah
Kirsten didn't always have good teeth
no growing here I had better teeth
interesting at one time huh actually I
do now
but you know well guys we are going to
go ahead and in the video there come on
get up here now
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and yeah
it has been another vlog and don't you
leave like your the front screen enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
the next one you came in looking like
that you just made bitch
