what is going on guys today we are back
hold up hold up is there smudge there is
I get it today I'm just got done editing
my video had me some breakfast some some
Pringles we don't have anything else
here I'm about to go to McDonald's
because these are just they're not good
in the morning I mean they're good all
the time but you know what I'm saying
and I'm about to order me another
microphone because if you guys watch
yesterday's video whatever we got a
pizza delivered to our house well I cut
out a lot of it but here's a clip
whenever I set my camera down whenever I
was talking to the lady on the phone it
was just so bad I don't know what's
wrong I just bought a new microphone it
must be this kind of microphone like
whenever it gets by like certain
magnetic waves or something it just I
hate that sound so annoying and unless
I'm walking around like this it makes
that noise sometimes did it with my old
camera as well so I'm pretty sure it is
the microphone not the camera and if I
set my camera by like my computer just
like right here after a while it'll
start doing the same thing and it's just
so annoying I'm going to order a new
microphone and just hope for the best
yeah I'm going to go get some McDonald's
because that's definitely healthier than
Pringles am i right but think Orton is
going to be over and we're going to do
the weekly Q&A I haven't done one in a
little while and I miss them I think
they're funny and I like just you know
sitting down and just relaxing sometimes
it's it's good and I guess it's going to
be like half log half Q&A and I should
probably take a shower are the freaking
bumps on my head gone yet there are a
lot smaller this morning I woke up one
morning and there's two big bumps I
don't know why I just they were really
bad in yesterday's video
never mind quitting got here earlier
than I thought so he's come with me if
you guys haven't noticed yet I had to
get a new lanyard
actually kind of like this one more but
hold on let me this one right here the
thing down here broke off because like
it's a long story but yeah broke so I
had to get this one but it matches
everything and it's red ones just so
last year all there's a cord in the way
thank you second oh ham okay - yeah okay
I need this person okay I'm just going
to hold this like you know why we got
our food the clips over okay right can
you get up on the beanbag yet she can't
you don't know that here let me pick her
up a little all right let me give her
some encouragement and go go go go No
why can't you be as good as Rose so she
was in the last one because it was a
national puppy week or national puppy
day she's gonna be in this one again
even though it's just I love my dog
O'Day okay we're gonna do this QA right
now and also I have a package coming in
and it is for Paris but we're doing this
first so I mean if you just don't want
to be entertained you can skip don't
skin is it why is it not focus focus
oh my god ready to go for a ride claim
all right yeah on the roller coaster
yeah
you can't even tell this movie now let's
move on guys
topic needs to be brighter in here there
we go should we get closer oh yes it is
too bright in here joining the club
sunglasses indoors got these out of mall
because I needed some sunglasses and I
picked the first parasol
what's the worst lie you've told as a
child tell us your biggest lie you're
worse than I am i I don't have a lie I
don't lie I'm honest a would you ever
try to get into act
roll the clip before rhombic added me
the 10 to 41 really freaked me out but
now I actually afford to thanks rhombus
Academy bank-robbery Promise Academy
does not guarantee success rhombus
Academy is not liable for post-traumatic
stress disorder pre traumatic stress
disorder yeah definitely did stress
disorders number ones I minded acting
for that one day okay I did acting one
time because I kind of had to I kind of
said I wouldn't and I realized I stuck
it's alright and I could probably get
good if I like to class or just practice
for more than thirty minutes
but you know it's not my thing maybe you
will be someday no clearly wasn't give
us a reason that we should apply to
rhombus again
it's on my camera so it is sign quick
what if she goes I'm sorry guys I'm
sorry when are you gonna come to Spain
Spain yeah where is that well you can
see the circle in my glass what are you
gonna do with the foam pit besides jump
well since they can't get ruined by rain
I'm probably going to keep it for a
while until my mom says hey get that out
of here yeah I'm going to try to keep as
long as possible and we're going to try
to make it softer because right now it
kind of hurts are you ever gonna do a
normal peel box opening we did a few
like some of the first ones we did were
normal and we're boring do you rather
have a billion dollars a year for me you
really yes why if someone told me you
get a billion a year being can't ever
see Chandra again I'd say you owe me to
write them look at by Leonard what is
your favorite song right now right now
go look no you can't look yes be in here
I don't know it is I'm kidding it that's
not my favorite my favorite is it a
fault
oh you guys want to see a magic trick
put on your glasses right now you here
we go
Wow I bet they can't even tell anything
happen magic there are so many questions
about Spain it's weird
oh you're like I just really wanted
lights in my room is dangling what's up
long Michelle
yeah guys what the heck you think maybe
this so smoothly is be like rattling
push it yeah maybe via the speakers from
the movie room I don't know that's weird
none of the other ones all like that
what the heck yeah cuz we're going to
stay here I'm going to read some my own
questions out there my own input
sometimes but I'm clocking off when will
close be out pretty soon like a week or
two or something like that I will
definitely announce it on YouTube and
Twitter and everything as soon as it
comes out because it's honestly amazing
I'm in love with it and the only people
that have some of it now are the people
that went to the New York mingori in the
Philadelphia meeting Greece and we still
haven't if we sold out before we could
even do some so I don't have any I have
one jacket how long did it take to build
the foampit
he would never know because he
showed up 10 minutes before it was
finished - 10 minutes on it so it's a
tendon uh-huh
took us I don't know it probably took
six or seven hours to do that whole
thing don't I missed it yeah let me let
me explain me and Dylan alone God the
first probably fourth of the foampit
then after that we realized we need to
get to the fan so then we had to move
all of the foam out of the way so we
could get the ladder in the living room
pull that inside they made it put the
ladder out then we had to put the phone
back then we realized oh crap we put
matches under so we did that put the
bean bags under too then we went to the
old house and we got one of the many
trampolines out of the shed and we got
here and then we realized we got the
wrong spring today what I'm going to fit
anyway then we had to go to Walmart then
we had to go buy one and we're to bring
it back and we had to set it out that
what I'm going to fit either then we
managed to put it through the railing
then we jumped off it then we realized
how this thing actually hurts we're not
gonna do any cool tricks and then I
realized it's a good thing I might talk
about at night but it's fun because we
have a foam pit our living room now
okay watch out watch out well the
something comes off ah come in Oh I said
we do the QA with her and we didn't oh
good we are now yeah well I didn't lie
I'm not a liar Sanna brogard Honest Abe
dude this is amazing now I can just kind
of pee out here like you see out my
window well she needs to go to the
bathroom and be like Oh Kayla you pooped
on my bed see you later see ya bye no
come back - then she'll be like I'm
telling I'll be like okay and now I'm
gonna play with my pod because I forgot
to put her in the QA real quick before I
go oh oh that was so scary
why is it ten times scarier a foot now
higher off the trampoline okay so I know
I said no more phone fit but I'd had to
try that it was really scary but pretty
fun and right now we're out here by the
pool that is still really cold so we
can't jump in yet but we're setting up
the circle trampoline that was in the
living room because living rooms filled
with foam now so we're going to set this
up and I'm thinking like right here to
where we can still jump into the deep
end in between right here and then once
we get a new rectangle trampoline since
that one's kind of ruined we'll stick it
right there like I said and I realize I
haven't shown the back of this house
very much in the vlogs it's my favorite
it's so crazy I love the back okay now
let me wipe off my freaking limbs again
what did I do to this thing we did
really bad at taking this thing apart
half the pieces are still connected like
halfway little shavings of metal cap
falling out because we hammered them in
hopefully thing goes back together and
we weren't planning on setting this up
yet but the dogs already started chewing
on this and they're just going to chew
on that and we don't want that because
you know we want to use the trampoline
tell you last spring already went a lot
faster than last time so I was smart I'd
be like we got another trampoline but
I'm not I'm not going to click late that
hard up you want to move it now just
leave it here for now we need to move it
slightly you can do way better Trisha
never you don't worry about a ceiling
fan it's in the final place and we found
out there's a fake rock right there that
is a speaker in it so we can pan up to
now we just have to figure out what they
were hooked up to but we actually do
have another Champlain coming in I've
talked about it before it's just taking
a while because literally no one orders
their trampoline
so whenever where someone actually does
they have to go get the parts ready
because they didn't even have the foam
like spring covers available so this
should be coming in soon I don't know if
that'll be going in our backyard or on
the other lot cuz it's like really
really big yeah I don't know alright so
I'm going to Paris this house right now
and I have a special gift for her and
it's just amazing guys oh my gosh I
don't want to spoil the surprise I'm not
going to tell you guys what it is yet
you'll find out but it's insane like I
don't think I've ever gotten the gift
this special for anyone so yeah here we
go
wow what guess what
why I have something for you Holloway on
is it yeah over not make you do that oh
my gosh I'm coming outside Oh Kate your
driveway kind of muddy yeah look what
you did in my car look any my thoughts
washes for you you open it
why don't we it's open it right now
because I do want to open it when we get
home yeah they can wait
fine fun all right fold up let me pause
friends I'm kind of addicted now thanks
Dylan I like this photo hope I'm getting
pro lighting on your face when you see
this get up there go go go go
yo yo you guys cut me open it
good job Luna what what what is it hey
you guys look they're red and they're
smaller for her feet okay I originally
bought these for her and then then they
came in they fit me and not her so then
I was like oops guess I have to keep on
Selena so then I got you these in the
red so there you go and if you won't
wear them Rose will write trim oh wow
this is like that fairy tale was it
Rapunzel no no no what is it the lady in
the pumpkin thing and then just the
slipper fit Cinderella she's not in a
pumpkin is she yeah the pumpkin carriage
thing even watch a movie no they say
though yeah well now you give your dog
some Crocs I don't think they make those
and I hope they don't whenever we have
our kids for the series he or she is not
wearing cross that is not happening guys
it's morning now and I realized he
didn't film an outro again so I'm sorry
I'm going to do that right now yeah
we're going to go ahead and end the
video there and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and don't you leave like and share
the friends if you enjoyed subscribe be
new and I'll see you guys in the next
one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
