Rossum trust in you and trust me you're
not the P let's go come on
what are you oh my god today we are back
and we have rose in my truck first time
first time a while she hasn't written in
the vehicle in a while so we're taking
her dropping off Paris real quick and
then this is just going to be another
vlog because I have something to show
you guys and ever we get back has
something to do with my feet it's
amazing you can quit using me anytime
you like
all in my country music and the country
boy mobile bad wait what's happened well
what's that rush huh she like the
windshield wipers so be chillin them I
never see Stevens you look up hey fine
do it
say goodbye to her how do you like her
more than bye alright Rob as you're
staying with me I know how much you like
her better close the door before she
jumps out here zone with you okay rose
let's go back home was that fine I think
she liked it here I'll help you down
come on come on up she got it she got it
you can do it good girl okay
now I got to show you guys I was talking
about I need you to come in my room for
this announcer you'll find out come on
guess what well it's time I'm telling
everybody I'm showing him okay ready
this is the single greatest thing ever
made in the history of ever I ordered
these I kind of spilled the beans about
this an appeal box opening the last one
but uh here they are they're pink crocks
and they have fuzzy stuff on the inside
and they're really comfy they're kind of
dirty but it's not my fault rose bit
them and got stuff inside but yeah
that's what I was talking about okay go
back to bed you went down booked she'll
jump to the beanbag yeah going to be
like we both fit on it she'll jump come
on what you can do is show us some
hardcore right now put your feet right
there and then go you can do it I know
you can get done in a million times
there you go I know you guys probably
can't take me serious after the Crocs
thing but check this out we just had
900k on Instagram we are getting
so close to a million so if you guys
don't follow me go follow me my name is
just an herb run guard I gotta go talk
to this guy here he's I don't know let
me get dressed parse dude
no taking my blanket with sleeves hello
mom
are they here he's styling in his room
oh I thank you they're live they're
going to be in this video are you who I
have to ask about the Railly yeah have
we talked about any of it yet
no okay nice guy he's a his sons offense
oh nice family and hopefully we can get
that railing taken out soon probably
won't happen today though so what
happened oh this is really funny I can't
tell if cuter dude you or these Rose you
win come over here do the doggy parkour
we practice you can jump there you go I
wanted you use the thing on the top I
guess not ah good one there now you can
bite me and I won't feel it let's go go
go where we get you gotta go to the foam
pit is do some early morning exercises
do it no I don't think it ever going to
be actually saw can't jump off a truck I
learned that in the last video I think
Rose pissed over there saw itself anyway
oh sure I can see the bean bag right now
over there oh I'm very scared it's gonna
hurt you get down and pick the pillows
it's gone alright you do it quick in
your hand yeah al does so on then it not
know enough to tell my dad about the
whole house take a look over there okay
when you want to stop according to get
this function life hacks with cue dog if
you forget a belt use a shoestring
summer disorder pizza here again yeah
will you blacklist this address as well
yeah I need a sure I'm assuming nobody
paid for it
No yeah we don't want it if you can fill
the list 30 feet but unless you guys are
hungry do you want pieces yeah I'm kind
of hungry
I'm what is it let's see we got it looks
like a bunch of sandwiches and then
dessert actually coming yeah we'll take
it we'll buy it okay get your credit
card and pay I don't have it with me
checkbook who has a checkbook why did we
not have a black lizard before should
have known this is connected what I need
is if you just want to call over the
store I can give you the number yeah
thank you belief unless you want to jump
off piece of man jumped off into thump
it or you might get in trouble saw yeah
yeah go yeah sure right there is a me is
this going to be for dinosaur over there
carry out oh it's a driver there with
you right now yeah thank you thank you
thanks that we can just set it right
here with some more candy someone left
cool all of it okay
are you eating lunch here corner and
that Mountain Dew awesome I have a good
day
probably the last time seeing it unless
we come in so see you later
you too foam pit and pizza it sounds
like an afternoon to me oh that should
have been our first priority when we
moved in here not security cameras or
anything just calm Pete I've never had a
sandwich from PETA zetas I'm going to
stick to subway what even is you I don't
know guys I think that order does the
weirdest stuff on the menu
this I don't even know what it is I mean
it's just ham and lettuce but with some
sauce all over it
Quentin what you get is that barbecue
want it I argue wing sandwich that end
of town all right in the portly Circe's
brownie brownie is yeah chef li got
wings and I got fries and I was like oh
let's dip it in ranch or blue cheese and
I don't know what and and and I just got
a sandwich that just has a wing on it
this was definitely a $70 me couple next
thing you guys or
lunch stood craft at least order like
three drinks two guys we have a guy in
jet here and dad is working on his fin
so coming to jump into the conf it and
it's long Dylan on the pillow that's
pretty talk just laying on my back
because it's kind of already forming
your first here got it I just data
brownie
all right here turn are you just gonna
jump all right you got it
oh dude they must be nice to be a little
bit shorter but then you can't hit your
head on the ceiling that's awesome I
admit yeah
it's higher when you're up there alright
guys the gate is done so we're about to
go check it out I haven't even seen it
wait weird the note go the note off of
our door too why oh why we don't need
anymore
this actually looks pretty cool let's
open it up okay it opens up oh it's
pretty heavy
the only automatic or something big to
do oh wait I don't know the code ROM oh
whoa
where'd she come from everybody oh she
went from behind the bush oh I got it
the guy that helped us install this he's
going to be back in a week and we're
going to try to get the balcony set up
let me show you what we're going to do
okay at first we were thinking we're
just going to take the whole thing out
but now see how there's this thing and
then this thingy so it makes it like
that we're going to cut this so it
swings open so then we can do like you
know standing double backflips off this
down into the foam pit but then we don't
have to ruin the whole balcony because
then we'd have to like probably get a
whole new one so if this is just gone
you could just undo the will handle
swing it open I don't think we do that
many trampoline tricks unless we put
like even more of it through that but if
this wasn't here I would just be so much
fun oh you're going to take that ceiling
fan down all the way by the way it's
going to be amazing and I'll definitely
do an updated foam pit video doing
better tricks than we did last time
because it was still fun but now it's
going to be even better and now I'm
going back to Paris mm going to a her
mom's house oh hey don't worry about my
robe getting caught because I want to
save her new baby sister again and I
realized I didn't even say her name in
the last video that she was in her name
is Surya and we're going to go see her
again man I guess I want to see my
girlfriend as well
no no come back from back no drop uh-huh
I just got they have a fuzzy things on
inside of it look what's it like knowing
I had cooler Boston you huh you go what
are you doing
she yawning or about to cry I can tell
don't cry no shut up hey it's tanner you
still like this one does I promise I
think she booth she done what the heck
you guys are wondering what we do at
Paris's house it's about the same as we
do in mind you kid hey guys I have her
again she's not crying anymore
look she's happy it just took two tries
that's it yeah I know I hear hang it
guys I think I'm doing it I think she
likes me man
take it out of her mouth watch just
start crying like two seconds oh very
good huh take it take it back hey oMG I
love the new video how do people know
this isn't even my account this is this
is her stepdads account
are you actually Tanner and my ankle
still hurts really bad this right one I
should have never jumped off the railing
with the croc on all right we're going
back tomorrow start okay yeah we're
going back to my house I don't know what
we're gonna do there gta5 okay ready
isn't it guys ooh dude that guy's here
what guys no more foam pit jumps for me
for a little while I just iced my foot
with some frozen what was it broccoli
that was it and a Hurley bag because I
was wrestling her and I like twisted it
I like flexed it wrong and it hurt
really bad so taking a break for now I
think you've been in my bed every clip
for the last ten videos are beginning
it's like we go down like I don't know
it
I think you're addicted to friends as
well different and maybe do they haven't
watched them yet Walking Dead's on the
night season finale
I don't watch The Walking Dead I haven't
watched last three because I've been
busy guys I'm going to go ahead and eat
me some dinner and then we'll figure out
what we're gonna do we're gonna do
anything else cool today
why I have to go home everybody Ellen oh
my freaking ankle I just watched it
rolling I was talking about wait is it
still light outside hey it is you know
what I haven't done forever but I know
you haven't done forever either Mountain
Honda oh my god let's go I was going
come on Irene I'd like you to the hot
tub it gets cold in there oh it's like
it's raining out guys I have not gotten
in here forever
I don't know how cold this is or warm
I'm wearing them click they actually
their underwear but you know you're
gonna get the winds all foggy
I think there's pretty sure the last
time I was in here was for was a QA look
out fuck it is now my lipstick go and
like make it well guys so I could set my
camera somewhere where it's not raining
I we're going to go ahead in the video
there and I hope you guys enjoyed it and
they got so much watching another vlog
and don't forget leave like instead
spent some enjoyed subscribe to nuke and
I'll see you guys in the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fun
