jailor um if you want I can lead to some
macaroni and cheese in there well guess
what buddy no pause friends today's the
day is it is it yes yesterday it is what
if you want on guys today we are back in
today we are finally going to be doing
the indoor foam pit video that I
promised like months and months ago I'm
in cement and sadly we could not get the
ceiling fan and the stair railing thingy
removed yet probably going to do that in
a second video but and I think my cousin
Owens coming over villains here st.
coins here but I'm pretty sure he's
gonna leave soon but right now we got to
go move the trampoline out of our living
room I'm gonna do my last jump onto it
and then we're going to move it out and
then we'll pull all the foam in and put
it into the living room and then we're
going to do some sick flips and no I'm
not going to show them not in this video
my new shoes like so weird
let's go Taylor today's the day when we
make our house cool go go go go go we
got for the study from plots of last
night I have to I mean there's no other
trick I love the last thing you do one
with me bed back five four three one
head zero
Oh Thomas bump it time yeah way Nick
very carefully hands it down lap hey
dude I wanted to drink will be back I
don't care
TV's here still doesn't have a cord so
we can't really use it plan is bean bags
are going to be at the bottom of the
foam pit to make it softer got to take
apart of this trampoline real quick
don't know where we're going to put a
die we're going to use these chairs to
keep the foam pit in the living rooms
going here I think he is no he's not
dang
oh fucking cute or not there was a
tic-tac on the train
yeah actually I want to do one more
thing real quick three two one Oh
where'd it go hey bottle boy Dylan just
told me family today marks one month of
living in this house house be cool yeah
yeah yeah it was marks first day first
this is our barricade we have that keep
the foam in and in that box and then
these two chairs and these will just go
on the bottom
we are quite the professionals and
moving foam by now it's happened like
three times into the foam pit out of the
foam pit to the landfill and now all
this in here here's how the process will
go I'll get one block I'll throw it to
you
you throw it in the living room and then
we are one one thousandth of the way
down this is it so bad whenever they are
filled with disgusting water alright
first guys this is going to take forever
it's been about I don't know 15 minutes
we have that much but your boy was
brainstorming okay we're like wait we
can't get this down because we need an
electrician unscrew it from the top
whatever but if you look closely there's
little screws on top of the fans we're
going to try to unscrew some of the
spinning by jiggers you know we're going
to unscrew like that one and then that
one hopefully we can just run from the
corner over there jump over and then
just miss those this is like the
happiest day like I've waited so long to
make this happen
what's up sweetie
oh this thing got a rusty Thank You Owen
brought us the the mini trampoline
that's going to go on top of the balcony
so I don't know if this is going to work
or not oh my gosh maybe you'll play
right here no probably not
okay so we don't think this is going to
fit we're going to go by and many
trampoline just like we did for insane
insane bridge flip jump something what
are you mishandle insane trampoline
flips off bridge that's it so much to do
trampoline number two
is in progress and it's all dark and
gloomy outside and I don't like it and
it just makes the whole room looks at
and I'm sad that this is taking so long
so if it we're almost done kind of not
really we're getting that low point
hurry up and get here you're taking
forever guys this just I don't I don't
like this house submit for trampoline
we're going to still try to make it
happen thank y'all for Owen because we
just this is the only way to get a fit
we're going to put Springs in between
there oh my gosh I think it's actually
going to work even though it's just
these two big literally happen crustal
beans here I think its ability to work
oh okay and my mom's gonna kill us cuz
it's getting the third bang but I don't
care why what are you what are you doing
quiet oh you're not hit it on the door
this time all right 28 28 for walks I
think yeah throw it
Oh guys guys there we go I see you guys
check it out it works we are like
literally not far from the ceiling but
we just need this much and then jump
right off if we get enough sun block and
we won't die we did it hopefully it
doesn't hurt this where he made a little
bit of a black mark I'm sorry mom
forgive me yeah thanks through there's a
loss great we got to move all this we
didn't make a pass oh well we're getting
closer Courtin is going to be here in 10
minutes supposedly he also puts the
mattresses down try to make it softer
because these foam blocks are not that
soft over you know if we can just jump
over the plant slash tree whatever that
is do some flips land on here once we
get all the rest of omen.oh
we did it we got the ladder
we got couches and we're going to go
upstairs now Oh oh my gosh
all right here's jumping first like I
said you gotta tell me how soft it is
this kind of stuff Dylan you're a test
subject this off kinda at least yeah
they've kind of and jelly not Heights
not always going to be soft zeros next
there's a crater where you landed you
it's actually not bad at all
you know what no cheerfully first huh
okay ready yeah hi this is just a test
tube okay three two one it's not
horrible not that reading it more about
it there's a lot going on yeah more
carries part oh yeah meekly oh it must
have to be taller I'm so lovable to
being back here I want to try to miss
which is actually pretty hard look you
can do this on Kuriyama get out you're
making a mess we need a whistle for
Dylan's a few moments later
let me cam please 2,000 years later
yeah well there's a part where there's
no mattresses or beanbag right here
let's put something soft on top of the
foam I ever taken a picture real quick
hurry I'm single flexing okay I got
three giant ten dollars and another
blanket and in an effort to make this
softer it's kind of like a bunch of
rocks right now and there we go which is
fun about that did a lot on way softer
Dylan lend on your neck oh that's only
about to go right over this just went on
the couch there saw filmed in front of a
live studio audience
the preparations for a sick trick
Consulate fucker I can do it
double try over the rail to the hard
conference three two you did it yeah Oh
make it a triple I will once I get rid
of the Garter help I resist and the fan
and the ceiling this yet this is like
the ultimate ultimate cast I said enough
I thought I was really close to count
what are you so tired issue whenever you
shouldn't have been with a poem for so
close oh yeah yes sirree oh how they
were just doing her practice like -
y'all feel nobody's like that do a
backflip off this rail don't a backflip
off the rail to fall backwards all right
I'll do a backflip off of those no no
off the top you are you are gonna fall
and look let me show you how look I know
that feeling a little short if your head
like that - mmm you're gonna be you'll
be okay now watch I saw it changes you
can you squat down each one got a count
of fall I don't know about it you can do
it well that way there's no way I can
draw this I cannot yes you can fall just
fall don't jump there you go hey that
was kind of it you did it though well
that was gorgeous instant replay
I'm proud of you doing oh yeah I forgot
you can do those Owens about the
Castaway there you go like the most fun
thing you can do when you do jump off
yeah one jump come on Oh Maggie gloves I
think yeah yeah and you're really close
to the couch and you might as well take
the day off okay just let me just jump
open you can drive it okay I'm gonna do
like a calculate layout three two one oh
I got fell off over got it - yeah
you didn't help see you have to Jim I
did too four bucks
oh okay quick what are you doing um d
nothing my bill Oh for the top
no there were so bit ever deficit Styles
in truth about what Oh God
Wow for taco Andrew still there yeah I
got tired Mic Check one two this is
going to be the one we're really breaks
if you both go softly I don't crack it
does get crackin I would have been
actually very happy if we could have got
rid of that railing but you're making me
wait a little bit trying to eat the
house I think I want to go get Paris
make her jump off yeah you're doing it
you ready now if with or without the
Crocs she thinks she's not doing it look
I put pillows everything it's soft that
promise like that Rose would do it's
morning so we have to be kinda quiet
this is softer than the trampoline and
the bean bags promise is izalith unlike
your law yeah probably
it's $500 fee for me to find the
trampoline parks and that relatively
stupid will be fun you'll like it
don't hit your crow I'll go right after
you I promise
Rose be quiet you stop with the one
hiccup
I've been having - ha that's crazy okay
kiss over normal people have like 20
here I'll help you yeah she's so
confused she like why is there a
trampoline up here again that she's like
I'll meet you at the bottom and I have
to jump can I not land why but you can
it seems higher - there's not a
trampoline and two bean bags there goes
there goes rose okay see like an old
couch there to your little Doug Oh
what's up red white blue I'll give you 5
4 3 2 1
you didn't lay it on your butter what's
happening your stuff I can't come
I'm coming don't worry she'll do it in
crops that hurt okay let's get out we
gotta get a McDonald's I'm starving
we got to go get Luna rose roses : we
got to find your phone - oh look at that
boom was it fun yes it was Oh my car got
three models with little flowers always
someone's hanging out what my roba
normally pulls out the door alright guys
we're going to go ahead and in the video
there and I hope you guys enjoyed it we
will definitely do some more stuff at
the phone pic that's honestly really fun
and it's less dangerous than just the
trampoline in the beanbags I think so if
you have Crocs and you sprained your
ankle a little bit like I just did but
yeah its current day this video is
uploaded so I gotta get started on the
next vlog
after we go view McDonald so I'll see
you guys in the next one and thank you
so much for watching do people leave a
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribing and I'll see you
guys in the next one I just had say in
the next one twice with them it involved
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
