why for anyone wondering you're putting
water yeah because I didn't buy enough I
have sitting in a store phone Jesus to
them hey who's gonna be bald n-no I
didn't help you just drive to Lake
Taylor you can have the most dull knife
because you're not an Eaton you could
you could cut it I didn't sneak one she
doesn't know what she's doing yet Taylor
you have to know I got fun you can sit
on the wood a little baby that you are
yeah
now go dig that out nobody rusty get up
now there we go yeah it's pretty hot
Hot Tamale I'm gonna need it towel up
mom all we get so yeah what if your guys
today we're back and today you're going
to be doing another bathtub filled
opening and we have a team of pong balls
today and now I know I didn't buy that
like you probably already heard me say
but I have the research actually did but
enough I bought three times the amount
that I have with me but I bought more
than they produce on Amazon so I haven't
seen the rest of them and I don't want
to wait another month so we're just
doing it and I put some water until
you'll click on video you know what's
false oh ha ha ha
oh wow I know
oh yeah are not evolved is about that
before cook right
oh I see you're singing every time I
move on to see the preschool get in
first little cell body far up to your
butt holes
yeah
oh and now it's full I mean most of that
use it looks terrible everybody
reggaeton that way those women do not
set by the way these are like the lowest
quality of ping-pong balls you can get
walk squeeze one right now what else
that one right now won't even bounce see
look bitch they popped in and again look
let me throw one and they want you back
fluted down turn no stab you ping pong
trick shot okay Oh surely mm and it's
not me yeah your words in the struggle
today alright with it
oxygen now sit on the water these are
Jesus boxes I get that hide away from my
life we are glad I'm not going to be
able to open this is this you got a flag
Aaron Carter
well you gotta feel something Oh to Mars
that not a spoiler doc yeah it'll be
done was like my taxes have a little
quiz on this one seems
so this count as a ping-pong ball okay I
remember I used to wear this and one day
I have warmed to my grandma's house
she had cats but they just found him and
they made their own and I have one of
these on petting the cat my cat bit me
with a business on a stop on that
amazing boxes this is only one and I
don't Juliet I put the mail whoa whoa
was it safe Quintin tanner Christian Kim
Taylor
Rose Hey thank you there one phone oh oh
there's papers for you one more game oh
hi tanner
I am it a lot of your old from
Massachusetts I am one of your biggest
fan Thank You Randall and my foot I
started to make something to hold you in
it sorry I couldn't fit Dylan ah element
latex cool the words crossword thingy on
what is called scrap yeah yeah you're my
biggest inspiration to get my musical
instrument out out GG JT underscore
hockey 25 psi got quite some tape
because I know how much you love this
theater song what is that harmonica oh
listen use I don't think I play with rat
poison
oh my god give it time off and York on
your video from today yeah it's a good
walking in the bathtub pillow here's
your sister I'm keeping this harmonica
thank you please real boy I think this
goes on your frog you like to get in the
hole there's a caterpillar
oh I've new props coming in today what
are they they're pink Edisto Beach
buggies on the inside I think I'll give
him the periscope early thank you
we're going to read it another shirt oh
no I want this back in okay what
fight or flight then can't do either
sniffing I'm sorry to get your sighing
well that in hell but these are pretty
loud
this one's laminated it says hello
Tanner Dylan quiz instead of Tristan and
mom my name is my name is patty PS
Pittsburgh
Piper and I live in a very small town in
New York and I was just there
hope I met you silver bullet me I think
the real I've been watching your video
since the start of last summer you
inspired me and helped me so much I only
looked 30 minutes away how you gonna say
she was 30 with me and in New York and I
was confused but she says let's 30
minutes away from the next stop you have
a New York I have two questions for you
where are you where are you restocking
pop pockets and why does couldn't hate
cake well I don't know we already start
off with my mom I know that and why do
you need to get clean I think it's just
because
I'm afraid you don't oh yeah he is wired
burgers they get you some heavy I don't
think I could set it on the ball a cup a
littler thing for your land your oh
there you go yes for this one oh thank
you you you this is all I used to do in
school remember i green tagged that when
it's open
i what is it always nails oh yeah little
sharp project what is it I do look
grammar school up don't wear flip daddy
Tanner Brown gutter they did brand guard
without a D although Holcomb
thank you now now when I talk it over
what is that 104 almost probably to
stand this one up
hey you're holding Chris Evans on the
back we're gonna move it and get a
falling off you don't read this one but
you're on your smeared together I'm
still me from you use that with Minnie
gum home I'm taking from your room you
see everything to marry and this is not
gone like jaw breakers or so you know
hi Tanner and know people always female
people use David ever talk about the
people I figured I figured it out
Oh what I forgot the freaky possums
Turner I can add water and gold here it
is so special in the area that was from
riot broke UT better because that's so
calm Elvis is up I look like a bun your
final image
I said no you did not have my cleats in
now we're going to clean all of this up
thanks hey sorry guys she's new here I
wanted you in here but what's the next
it's a lunchbox oh oh
lift the black car yeah no I love it
never you envy that is like water is
Ohio de route hey taco belching Corvette
ha I know that one
okay here you go off your video they
were all yelling at you for watch my
video from SAT guru now here you go
holy it's so smooth for counterdrug our
drama Owen thank dolly the gun move come
out anymore
yup identified sir now I don't think
that's the issue I think it because this
won't turn oh yeah I put in five cents
really yeah
I'll take off the top wait so much gum
great fire for me anyway I'll get you
buried underneath you hey I said you got
a flippers love who remembers hashtags
and client video of that the other
member hashtag tan fun you know whenever
I asked your shoe from guardians of 10
class and now we don't use either yeah
just come out yeah but don't say I
accept my in upgrade oh thank you
whenever I go by stuff like this and my
mom says I'm up worthless and I say
$20,000 I have to try to explain to her
that swag has no price tag yeah good
I'll just wake up these people
my fans go hot why is there a part of
the same glands they're coming
but in the water on yes you did hi there
I can watch your videos for seven months
I love all your videos there then the
Serbian browser Bank okay we also have
Scoob in the game actually we don't have
Scoob we just have the game what how we
got Scoob and again for Tanner and
here's guessing or something all our
element oh it says general onion slices
I said the video I'd like to start by
ever since I go on like Kennedy so we
got one direction beginning that OB is
right
we are options that I don't know is Anya
all we gots our skills in effect boo
there's so much candy in here get a lot
of candy Oh click on met this room to
God
she's clean in fact what see what to
Tanner and Parris oh I thought this is
begging its lead it says T ha T plus T
potato and tomato whoa
secondly they're both just the right
size a lot only emoji now make not
actually or maybe you should even though
it's all talk about failure and although
insisting that you pay her with words up
quinton 2016 oh you're Hannah my name is
Dylan buildin my Dylan but I'm vineyard
hauled out of an Illinois I've watched
all your videos including your new house
for real Python thank you dude you watch
this but I don't think in walked it but
you Quentin
Dylan and Tristan make my day even
brighter I'm amazed by your flippin
abilities and lend my first acts with
three months ago thanks to tic-tac and a
collab Rajini car along with the
clickbait sunglasses and go hope you
enjoy this give a shout-out to my friend
Ryan a Katy
it would be awesome y'all I couldn't
drop this in the bath and then he made
like a little tongue out face it look
from your biggest fan Dylan Baker well I
guess that's it so oldest you let's go
so if you subscribe on this I know okay
well we're going to go ahead and then
the video there so I hope you guys
enjoyed your mother stepped up in the
opening fulgrim stop yet ah my mother's
better than yours stop hey wait I think
you guys double condo video and I hope
you guys enjoyed it how we gonna be
lucky to have few stars subscribe to you
and I'll see you guys the next one
someone said it ain't like oh my
in my thought you came in looking like
that you just may be fun
