what did you oh my god today we are back
and I think this is the first sit-down
video I've made in the new house all of
them have been vlog and a bunch of
different types of videos but today
we're sitting at my desk that I like
never sit at and it's still crappy cold
weather outside today it's like 40
degrees and I know in yesterday's vlog I
said I do something fun today
I almost promised it but then I said I'd
try it so I'm sorry if you wanted to see
me do flips or some something I don't
know
here I'll do one right now for you but
today we are going to be reacting to a
video I saw in my subscription box
because I'm actually subscribed to this
YouTube where already so if you guys
don't know like the first videos I made
on YouTube were called Duty videos and
all I did was play Call of Duty and I
watched Call of Duty YouTube videos so
that's really all I did and one day I
stumbled across this video and it was
like a round 100 zombies glitch so I
watched it and it was by this guy named
pretty bored vid I thought that video
was super funny so I subscribed to him
like a long time ago and I talked to him
a couple times he's a really nice guy
and today I was going through YouTube
and he made a video called how to make
videos like tanner burger so that's what
we're going to be reacting to today I
clicked on it and then immediately just
clicked off because I knew I wanted to
make this into a video and I hadn't done
any reacting sit-down videos or a new
room yet so yeah today we're going to be
watching that so yeah we're going to go
ahead and get into it I'm really excited
this guy's really funny
okay oh hi can I see there so you want
to make videos like a de braga huh well
you've come to the wrong place good luck
right you came to the right this one is
out of a video Larry and a brother in
some of those videos step 1 get his hair
cut get 200-metre candid but I'm not
from Kansas though well then you got 30
take your shut up or you can go to step
4 and we're anindita tony and if you
can't afford to do this you can create
your own op brand and call it a dita by
trampoline i am actually not wearing and
if you to study i'm actually wearing a
tank top but i do have like six and do
saudis i like adidas okay alright so far
pretty accurate let's keep watching jump
on the trampoline be a trampoline do a
backflip i don't know how do you win I
don't know how to do a backflip be
Tanner die hey damn and I'll do it
sure
and I'm actually pretty good at clock
well that wasn't so bad copy an intro
what's going on guys and then go viral
oh my car it's going on guys I just
bought a new car check out my lambo
she's has talked about uh-huh it's good
talk about call duty black eye
it's the best Call of Duty ever made it
is this isn't even part of the video
anymore this is just fact being please
oh my god is high up here okay so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to jump in
the tree onto the trampoline
just shoot me back in the air I'm gonna
do like I don't know like a triple
backflip or sub here we go on three one
two videos with friends what friends
Photoshop your own friend
Hey I just mean I do like you yeah me
look like a freaking idiot what we're
the same person
go on an epic vacation I can't afford a
vacation I just bought a comp I believed
wrinkly kyboot juice and water bottle
trick shot villain Lopez guru oh my god
do all of his videos are like this
they're so funny whoa that wasn't so bad
start a trampoline versus what's going
on guys I never had to be really great
in verses thumbtacks
that's the Jukes ball going on guys
today we're going to be doing trampoline
versus mouse traps again
Judy squash I'm going out and guys today
we're going to be doing trampoline vs
rabies with raccoon
I mean lectures with rabies flat open
fan mail in the bathtub it's going on
guys today Samuel Baskerville knocking
we only have one package in it from my
mom and inside is just a letter that
does go
and last but not least by a time I can't
afford this
okay Luke as I'm done filming I quit
forever don't forget to rapid Eidos and
I really hope I don't get sued so you
want to make videos like Tanner Braunger
huh well you've come to the right place
dammit wrongfully ah feels like Hannah
Braun gar huh please come to the wrong
place could be don't worry I stuttered
meant the ball is on so he's right on
try it looks freaking ridiculous damn it
I was way over here they do it over
there anything I didn't he that's me
with everyone over so I have to say this
just in case you're too young don't
actually try to drink bleach okay it's
poison it will fucking kill you I should
probably put that into my video we have
one packaging it's from my mom and
inside is just a wetter that did kill
yourself nothing my mom doesn't save
she's covered the bathroom
I have sunburn on my nose oh so you want
to make videos like Kenneth Bronstein
huh wrong thank you so you want to make
videos like banner Tron guy huh who got
that they can tan now say Tanner Daniel
no hey bron-bron GARCH dark brawn guard
bra nn-no hi guys I'm gonna have to do
it for this video if you don't know the
Canada bronc riders you go check out his
channel he only has 2.3 million
subscribers on so background if you guys
video please give a thumbs up if you
didn't already know about her I will
follow you back but most importantly
Tanner you're watching this I just want
you to him
it's not your fault
oh my god okay hole that was the best
video I've ever seen in my whole entire
life holy crap oh my god like I didn't
even know what to say throughout most of
it because I was just laughing and oh my
god well if I gotta go back what part
was that whenever he was in the bathroom
and his mom said that like my mom's come
in during the peel box openings before
it's just awkward it's so funny though I
have sunburn on my neck oh and action
they wanna make videos like Kenneth
Bronx tearing the name I every time I
youtubers mentioned me in their videos
they get it like Tanner Brown heart or
Brawn gardener or something like it's
not that hard but he knows that he said
it right respect to pretty bored vids I
don't say right now I'm going to leave
the link to the description okay I
better remember I always forget I would
leave a link in the description that his
channel so you guys should definitely go
subscribe to him as yet saw he's
hilarious and he has 13,000 subscribers
what's getting into like I don't know
30,000 he's really awesome and I think
he deserves it so loved loved loved that
video and I've been inspired so I'm
going to do my own how to make videos
like Tanner on guard so yeah here we go
step one have a very annoying microphone
that messes up and makes weird noise I
don't know how to fix it okay step 2
Luna Rose play with your dogs because
you're not entertaining and everybody
likes animals hey you want an egg oh
it's been on the microwave a little bit
good girl
oh thanks for the watch time better
split that wood Luna off my dogs
actually hate me step 3 put on your
Crocs yes I'm aware they're ugly okay I
don't care it ain't my home step 4 make
the same unfunny it ain't my fault jokes
step 5 put on your Healy's screw these
crocs man they're too ugly talk about
clickbait these laces are rainbow it's
its clickbait I I made click the up it's
mine trick people into thinking you have
big muscles it's just a lighting and I
don't think I'm tricking anybody look if
I just turn like that and then like come
on there you go see it's yeah okay I'm
actually gonna put on the Healy's now go
get down your driveway units all rainy
all right I'm still gonna do it anyway
trick people into thinking you're good
at stuff I'm pretty sure just nobody
uses Helius so I just look like I'm good
at it and I'm alright a trampoline just
there's a lot of people that are better
yeah play with your dog some more hi
Lana hey guys come here hey Alan next up
you gotta wear a sig robe this thing
it's so comfy I honestly love this
thanks so much and I don't care what
anyone thinks
oh you wanna you want to play with your
dogs a third time oh and I forgot scream
for no reason talk about your taco bed
this is my taco bed it looks like a taco
pretty cool show only the best parts of
you playing guitar hero so that people
actually think you're good not missing a
single note right now would you quit
barking I'm trying to play wait wait
wait wait wait
Tanner just cut this part out there is
no way I just failed that I didn't fail
it have no knowledge of cars and then
there's stuff like this I think this is
a Ferrari mate I don't even know I think
that is a frog yeah everyone roasted me
in the comments of that video and said
they're actually a Porsche not a Ferrari
I'm sorry okay I only care about
Lamborghinis and Audi r8s quit booing me
act very gay with your friends Quinn and
Dylan are here right now they're busy
but you guys already get the point three
boys one bed haha I don't know how I
have a girlfriend have the same lame-ass
row it ain't my fault well guys that is
basically it for this video and I hope
you guys enjoyed it and the yeah so much
for watching don't forget like and
friends if you enjoyed subscribe you
knew and I'll see you guys in the next
one and peace out and I'm getting it
made fun of a buddy my outro I still
like doing it so I'm gonna do it okay
Luna quit biting my heel issue lace your
dishonouring the clickbait what I'm
doing a clip for a video no it's fine
I'm done now I had to yell for a little
bit
my thought you came in looking like that
you just anybody anybody still watching
alright well guys I just like to say I
got a new channel art by the way and I
would leave the link to the creator's
Instagram in the by Aldus leave his name
but his name is Jeremy Thomas he's a
good friend of mine so go follow him if
you're into photography and stuff he's
made stuff for me in the past really
cool guy and I think that's it and I
didn't put the annotations in my outro
so here they are
anyway
