Luna Luna there's rose and she's soaked
where's Luna
I bet she's in the front yard Luna why
are you always chillin in the garage we
need a smaller gate hey we have a friend
coming for you soon quitting's now goes
coming over and quentin coming over all
there is right now I'll race you to my
room I'll race you I'll race you can you
jump on the beanbag yet
oh she's so mean gothics keeps biting me
every second of the day look at that
almost forgot this bad boy hey do not
buy my robe this is my robe bro stop it
no no you can't leave yet you can't lady
she senses her sister go
do they look exactly the same yours is
bigger than mine yeah we speed orders
three times a day and we feed our stars
I think which one's mine okay that
sounds one I didn't do too well yep to
change I'm gonna go check on the ramp
osteen you want to come with yeah let's
go
it rained bleach might have washed off
the rain but what other way around the
rain might have washed off the bleed
Oh forgot about the sexual is like a
that's a real wit yes you are my mom got
it I concert ah I baby okay this looks
exactly the same
it's definitely still grows younger
whatever she is like over here she's a
wet bag oh there's no hope for this
thing so I jump on a little bit yeah
give her a little bounce and take off
your robe no it's a little bit better
whenever it's wet because in the fall
things down one but okay it sounds like
a big clap of thunder and every bounce
there's no hope for mankind hey this is
what happens every time I play and fans
find me and then I try to edit my video
and I look up look that guy died it's
all my fault
hey your dog needs to quit playing xbox
because she's really good at it she's
better than me and it's making me
jealous she's flying a helicopter no no
go back Tibet go back to pass they
finally bit each other not to the desire
this is what I do all day every day
are you ever been on a roller coaster
Quentin I'm on one right now my
comforter got washed right there
so uh yeah we got our washer and dryer
fixed now my bed looks cooler dogs peed
on it so it was gone for a while but
it's back and it matches the bean bag
and my rope well no it doesn't you know
the brown in this lighting it almost
does I'm kind of hungry you kind of
hungry we just had KFC I know bang kind
of hungry I'm not hungry what's going
goodbye oh that's not my dog goodbye
Norma Hughes you can get practice no no
you need to practice for real please I
tried to practice one get that to off no
Quentin I do mean crack I gave this you
for a reason
but next time right an airport you're
going to not be able to keep out what
will that be next month probably in a
few weeks we're going to go to LA house
are practicing now today
fine but you're practicing another day
one day tomorrow no day the week old one
day so goodbye we're gonna want the
beach towel in the beach town closet
guess what my lanyard broke I know I
gave you a couple of they're awesome
yeah well guess what I have a pocket and
it fits my keys I'm gonna leave this guy
poking out just oh my gosh my robe stuck
in the door get out of there oh wait we
can hear the song though we're all
dangerous to do where did we go eat
uh-huh wherever you want
Paris still hasn't gotten her guitar out
of my car but it's your guitar I guess
so and right when I thought this robe
wasn't adequate there's a second pocket
for my phone yeah roll out Autobot
what if there's ever been a kid in the
bathroom in here nope world's first and
what will you be having on this fine
evening side of hash browns and waters I
can't believe I came in here with my
hair looking like this babe yeah
anything else thank you now let's go
every time to wore purple because of me
plus about the musical somebody you
could appear in Austria we were so
hungry hands-on great that was great
Oh watch out look read your column
here's those knuckles oh you haven't
been to the gym in a while we've been
gone I haven't well I went yesterday no
I'm sure my robe matches my car - yay
time to jam out to Coldplay on the way
home
okay we got to move we're back home and
now I can back out and go this way and
go and I wish Tristan would stop parking
there because it's so hard to back out
so please put this convenient friend ah
don't listen to me maybe he'll listen to
you guys everybody leave a comment go on
systems and script okay see if the dogs
are still sleeping in yep huh that's how
your dog sleeps normal this is how my
dog sleeps hey wake up Quinton I don't
want your dog to leave because she
reckons we have doubled a go in the
house hey you dog bite my elbow oh no no
he's dumping shit Cap'n's didn't want to
play anymore that's it you guys are
friends any more hood backflips oh come
on tacos come back I was having fun no
play with me not each other
I'm bored Kansas is so boring we already
do nothing we're just chilling just
challenge playing with dogs playing GTA
we've done the same thing both days
since we got back and it's not going to
change like we're going to be chilling
so we find something to do which the
only thing we have to do right now is
indoor foam pit I mean there's other
videos but don't you guys agree quit
making out talk to me they literally
look like twins it's crazy I think they
are twins that's crazy well it's almost
like they actually oh okay you guys are
not gonna be able to fight Luna you're
stuck with me Bella
it was nice seeing you you gotta go home
fatty come on you can search feeding
your doggy
I will she needs to grow like yours is
all play mine won't be a puppy as long
as yours will oh don't I get down I'm
taking you home
Donald let's go say goodbye I lick one
on use common and what to say should we
switch the colors and I take lemon on TV
mom thank you she picks a bell did we
grow your dog takes big craps on my
floor so I don't want her money it could
have been here's mine takes littler ones
big boo-boo you proved my car I swear
I'm dropping you off in Cyprus all right
I'll be back in literally two hours I
always see a lot of comments about this
note and what does it say baa baa baa
we're going to read it today I honestly
don't even think I've read it my
mom put it up hello yes this is the
brown guard home thank you for watching
the videos and for supporting our family
but please please understand that this
is our home and we kindly asked for
privacy when we are here we are working
to schedule various public events this
year so we hope to meet you there so
there's what it says if you're curious
because I see a lot of comments but yeah
a lot of people will come to our house
and we're getting a gate right right
right in here
yeah we don't have that many people
anymore but whenever we first moved in
there was a lot holy crap guys I just
closed my eyes next to Luna for like
five minutes
next thing I know I took it to our nap
it's probably because of the robe bro oh
go back to sleep
I can't remember the last time I've
taken a nap it's been forever
besides airplanes those don't count
cleaning day huh oh it's all assorted so
we know what to put in the bathtub and
this is all fan mail that is sorted and
stored all these that's a lot of mail
where do we get all these boxes you go
get them
remember when we you we lived in the
building for a little bit of time and I
can act up everything those are the old
total yeah we looked like this when we
lived in that building we lived in that
building right next to a theater for a
little while not like fifth grade those
oh I'll put them in this order well you
just did it four handed and my mom just
has four you're drunk
looks like shaking my head yeah I know
they're crooked look it's the wall I
figured out no more tired than I was hey
I think this is the first time I have a
shirt on this whole video but we're
going to go ahead and in the video there
guys because I'm still tired and I can't
get rid of the tiredness so I'm going to
get rid of it by sleeping or at least
try and I know today was just a lot of
my dogs and me talking and but some of
the vauxhall can't be all fun but I
still hope you guys enjoyed it and we'll
do something fun tomorrow I don't want
to say I promise because then what if I
don't I'll try there you go but I still
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
don't forget we've like your insurance
we enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in the next one peace
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
