what is going on guys today we are back
look up this morning I forgot I had a
haircut so went rush did that so I
looked like this now kind of liked it
because I couldn't put my hair up before
because they just look bad is too long
and yeah we're going to be doing another
vlog today just because we're back home
I was thinking about doing our Clio box
opening but those are the packages right
there for the stuff that we need in the
bathtub but I'm pretty sure I need like
double what I have so I might do one
tomorrow but I don't think it's going to
be what I wanted to do I might have to
make something up oh and I also went got
some more McDonald's daily routine and
we also have a working washer and dryer
now so we have closed I don't have pants
on right now
but I'm going to find something here for
like the first three weeks we lived in
here we didn't have a washer dryer but
everything's okay now and I have shorts
on please let my row be here I don't
think my robes here if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog we went on like a
two-hour spiel trying to find a road we
looked everywhere and there were none of
them are soft enough and I ordered the
one-day shipping should be here today so
right now it's just about how every
morning goes mom's gone doing something
my brother's probably up in his room
does he still work I don't know sisters
in school Quentin's working out so yeah
everyone's busy and then I have like
three options Guitar Hero GTA 5 or
YouTube so all morning I've been
watching YouTube videos now and that's
probably the one downside to being a
youtuber whenever you're not out doing
something or you're not filming
something even though I'm filming right
now I mean I'm filming me complaining
about not being able to film because I'm
bored what I'm trying to get at is
there's not much I can do whenever like
no one's around because it's just boring
a vlog with just me talking and no
interaction with other humans can't be
that fun unless I'm like sitting down
and having a one-on-one like I am right
now but there is one thing I really want
to do that I've talked about doing and
now I have nothing to do so we're going
to go ahead and do it come with me
sorry about the mess I don't know why
there's so much stuff yeah I've no idea
was hey this is my shirt no this is
courting Ramon going if you're watching
this you're sure can go on whether it is
Kindle so I told you guys in the video
whenever I was putting up these posters
that after I get the posters done I need
to put up the Lamborghinis and all those
other cars that we have all the Lamia
fix this real quick you going to say
alright but like I was saying I need to
get those cars from fan mail that you
guys send and I want to put them like
right here I always said I'd put them on
shelves or something but I think this is
perfect like line all of this and all up
here was it
I could probably line the cabinets like
the see-through cabinets
just depends how many we have I have no
idea to be honest the fanmail in this
house is quite scattered we have this
room this room and back there to pee in
our room the garage and summer night
garage hi rose
did we leave the gate open I think we
did where's Luna huh
oh let go come join me guys there you go
and of course my mom's bat so right now
I'm going to sort through and try to
find all the cars that I can ones like
these that they don't count I got to be
Lamborghinis or Audi r8s or Ferraris or
whatever they got to be supercars okay
I'm going to finish my basement and it's
going to look cool when I'm done because
I have nothing else to do hi hi what you
have get back here hey what is it huh an
angry bird all right you can keep it oh
by the way the indoor foam pit is
happening this weekend I promise whether
we get the ceiling fan and the railing
taken out or not I want to do it and
I'll probably do like more than one
video with it anyway so yeah all right
now I'm going to do the car thing after
lots of digging and help from my mom
who's back now we have a sea of
colourful Lamborghinis and there are
some like this I think this is a GTR I
don't know GTR this is gt3-r and then
there's stuff like this I think this is
a Ferrari mate I don't even know I think
that is a Ferrari then we have like some
old Lamborghinis and then some are still
the packages I'll have to take them out
and some of them are on these little
plaques I'm have to like screw them from
the bottom
some of them I've sharpie all over them
like that one okay that one
oh yeah that's your favorite my favorite
is probably this orange one element I
love it it's cool-looking and this white
Audi r8 and our basement is going to be
one step closer to the end I mean you
know I already made a video saying our
basement is complete complete laughs
that Quinn said Alan Makana P yeah
they're both innocent yours yeah
you know accusing look we are all these
are they're still trying to and these
will all but that's a little word I just
kind of like organize them all on
occasion I'm trying to unscrew these
hanger threaten always is out there's
there's like a pile of ones over there I
can't get out because the screwdriver is
too big can you quit chomping like three
seconds I got to do it click thanks rose
come here yeah you let go of that you
know I'm your boss oh no I just take it
off the pool okay guys we did what we
could
we're really bad at this here it is drum
roll please
whoa so let me explain my reasoning real
quick okay we had the big ones in the
back
hey I don't know how many most of all
you bet so we have the big ones in the
back and it's kind of color-coded by its
size and model code it keeps going to
full flaps so we have all the big ones
in the back and the pretty and then
there's an outie already right there and
there and then I just go to down color
code inside and all these are the big
alar knows nobody cares about like five
people know what I'm talking about and
then up here all the many Aventadors and
then we have the big one in the middle
and then this one wouldn't sit right yay
we put it on top cause it's on the top
of the food chain so there's our
collection for now there's probably a
lot more cars I can't find my old rooms
to be filled we lost a lot during the
move we did it doesn't doesn't fall yeah
oh yeah this is a Lamborghini van by the
way though it needs to be by the red a
little six-cylinder yeah okay guys I
think Dylan is going to be here soon not
sure but I got home first thing I saw
was this trampoline mostly because I
can't really back out of the garage very
well whenever it's here so we're going
to try to clean this trampoline off
before we move it back for one I wanted
out of my driveway but I want to be able
to let's try this half because I write
the blue okay we're going to try to get
this paint off it because if you guys
watch the basketball trick shots
trampoline video it like ruined the
trampoline I'll do a quick jump test
real quick while you're doing and then
going to do well some like a way bigger
tough yeah
yes okay not doing so it used to be
pretty bouncy but now it's like you got
worse they got or even worse like I
guess it keeps solidifying yeah there's
like the trampoline you used to be a
little crater and then it throw you up
and now she's like one big pad yeah it's
like jumping on a mattress and it's also
tearing a part of the trampoline really
like right there see coming apart so we
have belief so you guys sent us is this
actually yet is okay let him live over
the winter so oh I just don't summon
it's already I'm like no not the blue
side but that's it
this one yes it might work might not I
don't want to get it on his pants god I
really like these pants finally one of
his houses stole from the gym there's
actually a new one in my bag is going to
get my call it smells bleach like yeah
maybe oh dude it's running down the
driveway and Cofer it's like raining
everyone was saying to powerwash I think
it's too late for anything we were gone
for days and it rained and then drives
if we just let the bleach sit overnight
I have no idea what's going to happen
it'll either eat apart the mat I guess
we're just going to leave this but for
now the trampoline I guess it's ruined
it can literally cannot jump on at all
it sucks so bad oh you can it smells
good yeah do I hear Dylan now that doing
yeah I'm gonna surprise okay okay okay
that's it
let's go scare
whoo oh my gosh you got scared oh my god
we missed Dylan we bamboozled yeah ha ha
I've actually said he has are gone hey
go jump on that trampoline go do it no
it's wet
no we fixed it it's whale go to outbound
theaters those jump on the other and
there's nowhere do you like these
clothes yes I like are they beliefs
rooted probably not give it a test I
knew it was bad oh no I got even worse
it dried the threads together it's for
people so it can't expand in it exactly
it can't bounce you up at all I really
want to get like all your bleach and
decide to cover and just do what happen
to do that I bet will come out like the
next night and Mike the whole mat will
just be on offer it'll be like what
everybody likes business really you have
now there's like four more naked yeah
cuz we got to go into comfort in case
let's like go down here a little clean
this is water
oh well right no that's please we're
going to trampoline sit and check on
tomorrow if I remember oh I like this
shirt why won't you how to ruin the
basketball goal
Dylan's faking his injuries knee was
never really hurt it's rainin bleach oh
it's like a solid sticky stream BRB fan
okay
hi thank you need to yeah someone told
me it was illegal once I think they're
lying someone told me to is it illegal
leave a comment down below okay guys we
just saw a school bus for sale on the
side of the road and I know I'm not
going to like buy it and wreck it but
maybe if I bought it I could like pimp
it out and make it like a cool home for
like air mattresses in it and be kind of
cool I was going to say like a certain
number of likes not buy but I don't know
if one see I don't even know how much it
is I saw a number and if it's still for
sale next time I Drive by maybe I'll
call them and ask of it I don't know
maybe that'd be cool having a school bus
on a place for the Parrish
take the wheel there's the UPS guy
that's supposed to be dropping off one
of my packages it should be my robe
today I really want my robe I ordered a
robe deandre is fluffy yes I'm the wheel
okay I might wait see if it comes in my
house I paid those six dollars for
one-day shipping
I better see it and my seat belts on by
the way I'm safe I was just being dumb
okay there is we're gonna play spy on
the mailman no we can't all just stand
around watching us that's weird
Opie's here I'm gonna set this right
here take it in for you yeah you're
right here I'm like them okay by the way
I got a new microphone of the same one I
have because the same one I have always
goes yeah I don't know if you guys
noticed that but it's really annoying so
I'm trying to fix it let me change out
the microphone first I'm still putting
this wind cover back on because it has
to be stylish and if this doesn't fix
the problem of the annoying screeching I
will buy a new one I was going to get
the rode video pro I don't know if any
of you guys know I'm talking about but
it takes batteries not always forget and
then probably ruin lots of videos
hopefully that makes it better or else
I'm going to be getting a new camera and
a new mic because I'm sick of it it's
really annoying it's in like all my
videos you watched my videos you ever
hear some I can already tell so soft
feel I do it right now feel it this is
the best thing to ever happen to me
you're gonna hug me now I have a road
now I'm a real man was yours
but for real let me let me show them
what this road looks like if you're
wondering why I'm so happy I have a robe
I don't know either they're just so soft
now I can just chill on my beanbag away
from you in my robe guys we just played
GTA for like two hours look what look
what we found
okay you guys know I have in my garage
that cool motorcycle and my RA check it
out okay no one cares I I do I just got
a challenger and it's like exactly like
mine except that one has roll-up windows
for some reason what the heck now I need
to go find more cool cars and sit in
your dress hmm that's your job GGG kay I
was going to G she likes Chiefs by the
way and also it's thundering and
storming out when I can look you want to
go Himel with me well I'm really ready
right now with the heck I was told it's
going to rain by my dad he's a
weatherman just getting ready go he
tells me what the weather's gonna be so
we call him one
oh it's soaking wet I'm speaking turn
off there we go see that Paris that's
rain yeah whoa it's like we can't drive
home what do you think Kate huh I get it
come back up Mike a time from where gta5
before I have to take her home could you
have school ha ha quit using me for my
dog ah I hear the other dog yelping Luna
learner where you at time to take the
robe in the Crocs we're going in my
truck
oh god it's all wet I'm going to get my
camera wet I'm gonna get my robe way and
I can't I can't tell if any paint's
coming off oh no we'll check on that
tomorrow oh god oh god yeah how are we
getting out no I have to go back in the
rain we got it all right let's go
country boy style hopefully I have gas
in this country Mobile Auto doing this
thing's forever
yeah yeah sweet yeah I'm definitely
going to need this truck to get down her
horrible dirt road
oh my ox cords in my car so we get it
we'll do old school radio guys Paris's
crappy road is full of big puddles and
it's fun to go fun to splash animals
like plain and ran as a kid oh oh
there's - okay have fun in the rain I'll
sit in here in my comfy truck hey half
off my rose groans OH what do you think
about it scary movie is mine
right well guys every time I draw a
parasol from now on or go anywhere
somewhere in this robe that's for sure
okay time for round two then it's wet
it's wet it's wax
hey Roz thank you - lets go Paris left I
don't have anyone to cuddle with come on
well guys rose and I are gonna chill
here the rest of night well not leave me
I swear okay she's chill yeah we're
gonna go ahead and in the video there
and I hope you guys enjoyed it and yeah
thank you guys so much watching this
video don't forget to leave like ensure
that the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
in the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me fall
