well I took a day and a half but we
trashed the whole hotel room yeah what
did you own I guys today we're back and
right now we're heading out of our hotel
an hour late but they love us and I bet
they love it when I healy through their
Lobby and we have a few hours to kill
before we actually go to the airport so
we're just going to go shopping or go
sightseeing I'd rather go shopping
because I don't really care but we're
going to make that group decision and I
better hurry up because I'm the last one
out I'm here I'm coming don't leave me I
think this last thing so we don't shop
in a sighting neither who please I don't
know yeah we shouldn't bring all the fan
mail from the mean Greece so there's a
lot in the hotel so the maid can have it
but we appreciate it all yeah we can't
bring a bunch of stuff on the airplane
we don't have enough room my bag is
already full yeah but my mom is a giant
bag full see and I'm not wearing my
Healy's anymore for at least a little
while because of what happened yesterday
I woke up with a bruise on my hip and it
hurts so I'm taking it easy until the
airport because I don't trust these
roads they're full of pebbles and
they're dangerous detrimental very next
removal to your health and resilience I
have one goal in mind and it's to find a
fancy robe that's really soft like a
bathroom yeah like Jake Lord Nords I
just really don't have it a fancy hotel
yes super happy I want one and they also
had a bunch of colorful underwear that I
want this isn't puffy or soft
neither is this one I'm devastated mom I
just want a fat robe
I need a clickbait robe to have to get a
white one and then tie-dye it
hey mom let's bring my bag that's
another road
what's the new iron initiation thank you
we couldn't find a rope so I bought
other stuff I don't think we're going to
find one we're still looking it's been
like an hour probably our luck is
running out oh yeah I need a belt
all right we're stopping for our last
meal of the trip and I'm just going to
order a robe off Amazon
hopefully shows up to our help unlike my
shoes but even though it's only gray it
looks super soft so I'm getting it one
day shipping did it tomorrow haha yes
please
fights my order and we're good I want to
be cooler than you I'm going to be
looking good when I wake up in the
morning - hey some compliment in my
chain today your chain is no match for
my new robe so now that this trip is
basically over who's ready to go to
Hawaii yeah la or Hawaii first which one
are we going to stop well we're doing a
Lakers probably unless the painter
Boston here it'll be Tanner Fox then LA
than Hawaii probably only ever get to go
to Florida - wait we have playlist live
I'm actually going to that for sure now
there's and solo hahahaha why we say we
were in a hurry did not hurry so I stole
her fourth and our mom's leaving us wait
up mom I don't have my Healey
we're also late to get in our car to go
to the airport so I were laying the
restaurant took forever
did you enjoy the meal kind of you made
it I did make it
so our fly already got delayed an hour
so hopefully we don't miss our second
flight and we can get home and if
anything happens then we'll just healy
around for a day my feelings will take
current I can't feel then you can watch
okay change my outfit because I wanted
to be styling for the airport and now
it's time to change my shoes you know
why because this floor is slanted
and it's going to be fun hold over here
something's going on all day oh my oh
not you're beating me today
okay what showing how we get around my
way no no I gotta
see you later
I can't let this Cham he's getting
getting a smoothie somewhere I like
you're even gonna leave this in that you
whoa you know our dream comes true on
this flight well you have me insisting
are going to switch seats in the gap I
mean couldn't get at it by each other
there's no view but a jet I promise no
no I want to be on come on I guess you
are the man of the relationship we will
see you guys when we land because we're
holding this whole time we are we're not
getting
let go
we're holding it the whole time fine
because like why are you like
oh here oh yeah those good luck
that was good all right we go
thank you
we made it to Atlanta again and then now
we're going to fly back to Kansas
another two-hour flight and we have to
stay an hour in this Airport so it's
been a pretty boring day wasn't sure if
I was going to vlog today but I tried
and I'm still trying if that thing was
moving I'd hitch a ride Georgia Eastern
- please jackendoff I tried yeah that
driver kept stopping and then going
really fast and my wheels weren't having
a next trip we're all getting huge
because I'm sick of waiting every time I
did it far ahead draining out anything
okay whenever I got these whenever I was
like 10 my mom told me all right but
you're pretty much guaranteed to break
your wrist I remember you saying that
and I was like okay hi mr. Kent
never broke my wrist or am i watching
you going that could be fun I did it
person come on down your hand right
there they belong right here and after
you eat they stay oh waiting for their
due to arrive about heaven so we think
we're getting it on the supply and they
overbooked it so right now one of us
doesn't have a seat and if someone had
to say it probably be my mom that sucks
hopefully it doesn't happen I just want
to go home I'm like so sick standing in
the Air Force it's not enough ranch for
my ealier if you're wander through this
you'll write it back on the board and go
ahead and okay we've been chilling here
like an hour still haven't got on oh I'm
about to healing my way home
are you really yes I am like 41 an hour
after that last clip we're finally doing
it finally
wait can I deal this one your handle no
I didn't no no I did not I can see how
this one guy I'm so ready to see my dog
and just sit in my cargo bed I haven't
seen Bella in a week
oh yeah he has the dog he doesn't show
up with very much
I'm just glad we didn't have to stay in
another state we're not have been so
boring Luna you got a little bit
she got bigger we're back you remember
hi no Leonard let us see me first on my
favorite you've seen the videos on my
favorite that's right
two minutes laughing oh right she got
bigger I like it Rose rose rose we got
to find a way into our own house because
everything's locked out but oh hi rose
okay silly girl
you tell rose it because Rose remembers
us are you going home once I get stuff
from your room I'm holding your hand on
the way home okay have fun
Oh time to go inside home sweet home
they haven't been in my room in like a
week and she still can't get up on the
bean bag ha ha nice well guys it is
midnight now I'm so butterin on a plane
anymore and yeah it is bedtime for me
and everyone else and these dogs are all
riled up because we just got home
alright I just went and got myself some
McDonald's that is one thing I miss
because we didn't need McDonald's one
time we didn't really eat out whenever
we were there like we had snacks and
then we just went and like sat down at
cafes and stuff even though there's a
McDonald's on like every corner of New
York but I can eat this now and is 1:00
in the morning so I'm glad to be back
I missed my room I'm just so glad to be
back I don't know why it seems so long
we're only gone like four days and it
seemed like forever but hey now we're
back and I love making videos here it's
just my environment and I love doing
that travel vlogs are not my favorite
but I guess they're a little bit
different but I like making them at home
the most so yeah we will see you guys in
tomorrow's video and that is the issue
for this video and I hope you guys
enjoyed it don't forget leave like into
your defense if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one peace out why are you like I
look
you came in looking like that you just
may be fun
