I would just like to say thank you to
whoever sent me this deodorant because I
forgot it was in my bag but thanks yeah
we got five minutes person and now
they're riding up food what did you all
guys today we are back and we're doing
the second and last show of the East
Coast tour things I'm going to do you
all a phony and wear this shirt well I
stopped to go get some hotel yoghurt but
it tastes like sour cream and rocks so
I'm gonna wait until we get in there
greenroom and you can have this oh yeah
those people in for us Hannah oh yeah
you don't know we're here but we're here
with that house illness and also my gosh
is a lot more oh okay thank you oh my
gosh sorry about the mess all I gotta
get my bag out of okay thank you
you look honestly - no more later
Lori's are going to get 10:30 so I think
it's safe to say we all have a lot more
energy today yesterday we were all tired
I still stay up till 1 a.m. every night
and I really don't put ice it up later
but I have more energy and we have more
watermelon Gatorade looking to go hey I
can hear your music
I can't you see our problem so
yesterday's went 350 people with no
brakes in today's 250 and then we have
an hour break and then we have another
250 so I think it would go a lot
smoother I can't decide if I'm wearing
wear my heels or not have them in that
bag you know what I can always change
back into these alliances these are just
more fun get a practice runner this is
happening as a shower dude Oh
prison Oh baby
yep - the Showtime are very very nice
people up and down the line and sickness
just what what I'm wearing my Healy's
Turkey series all day oh no I might
bring those and switch out halfway
and my feet are gonna kill me so
sandbags or somebody screwed up we have
no March it we have what's left over
from yesterday and that's it no pardon
what sure you where I told you awareness
shirt I bought on that you're kind of
our like one month wasn't it
I bought that for you all on J
anniversary yeah I'm letting you take
over the vlog since last time it was
kinda I'll do my best
yeah don't going going go back
Ronna Healy break show them show them no
way we do it quick like Healey yeah okay
we're both yeah I thought it was the
only one the first round is done and
look what I got clickbait shoelaces I'm
bout to go back to the room and put them
on I'm putting them on my heel of course
I'm hyped that was so fun a lot more
energy today and it's a lot more fun
with a lot of energy mom mom can you uh
can you move your feet really guess what
these are so cool check them right out
they're kind of long but now rather all
right they're pretty cool now I don't
need my new shoes to come in the memo
the ones that still haven't come in but
that's to save your lovely if you order
those parties yeah I ordered them and
then they're like whenever we order
stuff offline it can't decide if there
is or is not a north in our address
so Tommy hello
Krista's more important than my mail
story I don't know if I'm getting my
shoes or not attempting to upload my
YouTube video through all this and we're
about to go for round two
Thanks
okay you guys are fun I'm going to my
secret hideout no girls allowed
no girls no else fine I guess we'll go
okay they have to announce stuff so
we're exploring there's a second green
room dude this is like out history and
the messy room in degree
I have lots of Lamborghinis to take home
that's what quantum explint we're gonna
bill clinton we're going to explore an
abandoned theater no one else here ever
the way yeah we're still gonna get up
here and go okay yeah okay can you push
anyone Oh
so this more is kind of falling apart
that's cool I'll answer it up there all
right how can I help you up I don't know
have Tristan help you I've got to get up
here and relay my Potter have Tristan
help pick you up there yeah we have a
ladder conclusion this is scary I wish I
could take this with me guys since I
failed and yesterday's walk trying to go
down a step in my heels I'm going to try
it again but it's really hard yes sir is
no I think my wheels went across the
Ridgid and the thingy and I felt
different in you rigid no no really yeah
oh yeah you should at you
alright we got back to the hotel but
we're leaving again because we just we
just thought of something to do so we
realize we're in Philadelphia and if you
guys have never seen the movie Rocky and
one of the training montages he went up
the stairs and he was like all again
so we're going to do that by akiles and
uh yeah it's gonna be fun look look it's
run again I thought there's going to be
more stairs I have old gray on just like
he did in the movie I just need a
stocking cap like that guy who's running
with me he put on I mean clearly only
valuables I'm getting a cool Instagram
pictures I'm gonna heat it I'm doing it
in heels and if you don't win I will be
very devastated to race you guys anvil
ahem you can just focus on building an
outrageous how do I'm ready to go
whenever I'm going to
you win
Oh
he didn't happen to move all he said uh
what was he thinking Ivy you with a
camera how to do this now we got to go
down okay this little stairs vs. he'll
he's not quickly wait I can just go that
way and then when we click bait Willis I
just go like this way and it's still on
the stair actually still carry there's
little pebbles everywhere all this level
this could be what asset detrimental
detrimental afterwards we move this Oh
Mike no way all right your mother could
see you
she's like right over there ah there's
pebbles everywhere we're on a not level
oh my god oh my god cutie pie strikes
again
ready watch this parkour
okay it's really really cold out here
and people are staring like I'm weird
have it yelling at it's probably like
what they're like close your mom stay
it's probably the shoelaces probably
shoelaces well my hand is cool no one's
in my pocket but you hold this now thank
you
can I join sure I need to do my outro
alright guys well we are back at the
hotel and there's still not a hot tub or
a pool they didn't install one for some
reason so yeah we just got food again
and there's really nothing to do so I
guess we're going to go ahead and in the
video here we fly home tomorrow
afternoon and we get home late tomorrow
night
so I have no idea what we're going to do
tomorrow until we get on the plane but I
know what I'm going to do right now and
if you see some fruit snacks but yeah
the trip has been fun we met so many
fans and I got a lot of emoji pillows
and candy and that's probably why I feel
sick at Wyland bus route back and fruit
oh I'm healthy and I really miss my dog
I'm the guy that's watching our house
for us said on Facebook he said I have
to watch two dogs and a bunch of fish
which are his and him he's watching over
our house and he's like if any animals
diet ain't my fault that's not funny
anyway and yeah don't forget leave like
a traitor friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one mmm
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
