what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day guess what not only do I
look like a spy and a drug dealer but
this snapchat globe is snowing today
after the day after Christmas what do
you say we got rose sleeping
we got Tristan playing video game if
you're one of those people that skips
through vlogs and doesn't watch the
whole thing you might have missed that
in your sis video I finally got guitar
hero set up to where I can play any
custom song that I want and I might be
live-streaming soon I will let you guys
know I definitely want to I literally
just have to turn on my computer and
then it loads up all these songs it's
great but there's no time for that Quinn
and I have another objective plan by the
way this is my new license plate because
my mom told me this morning that when
that cop took my clickbait license plate
that he now owns the right to it and he
does not have to give it back and I
cannot get a copy of it so basically it
can't say clickbait anymore unless we
somehow get it back guys I don't know
but maybe I just put CLK be eight or
eight so its clickbait alright did it
rear edge astir I don't know if that's a
thing for right now I have 118 kyc it
should say kys you're just a 17 year old
you're not above the law
hey you deserve another who likes to
play like everybody else well set her
down what did you do step once you're
steppin out I think I I scratched it
help you ever see now no that's a pretty
good show Tristan can vouch for me right
yeah you guys have already seen it by
the thumbnail title we are going to be
driving through my foam pit in our cars
quit now sirs corvette here my RA is in
the garage dig in this outfit right and
the foam is right here someone piled it
all back up after we destroyed it and we
have another second pile in this closet
I believe yep right down there we don't
have very much but we have some and
we're getting new foam ordered from
Florida because the guys that hosted
flip Conor hooking me up with a ton like
double what we had before so hopefully
within two weeks we will have another
foam pit in our house I guess for now we
just take these all outside cuz we gotta
be the sunset should be interesting
let's go hopefully they don't get stuck
under my car and it explodes
Oh No
whoopsies a picture kind of almost felt
but it didn't who just leave it it's
kind of artsy yeah I like it it's just
modern it just shows that all of you are
crooked and the mine I'm not gay
possum mister yeah wait temperature
check 18 degrees today so it was 14
yesterday 18 today what's he feels great
okay we're gonna take a warming up break
it is that cold
no way mom how's the phone blocks don't
freeze and then become Lysander blocks
so I guess the next step is to decide do
we want to do it right in front of my
house right here or do we want to do it
in the street if we do it in the street
once we run through it we still have a
little bit of road to drive might piss
off the neighbors if they're trying to
get home before just want to plug
Kanye's merch oh these gloves we for
sales start up the heater Quentin
I think if we drive up the drive and
come through here and we put it right
here well plenty of room whenever we hit
the grass will notice stop okay it
breaks on all four rotors I'm ready
let's see if we can build it without the
wind pushing it over see a time-lapse
sequence part two
in those bitch bags which so it's like
mom came out to help cuz she felt bad
for us I appreciate it thank you you're
welcome
oh we're gonna have to rebuild it after
I smashed through it ah it's pretty wide
and I think we're gonna make it three or
four thick it's kind of janky but we
were hitting out of cubes guys grab the
sunglasses grab the keys and let's go
start it up oh we have to take my car
cover off let's go do that
oh so satisfying I mean besides the
scratches let's go this is cool I'm not
trying to jump on it this morning if she
slid right off
I can probably make an hour-long youtube
video of all the startups I've left in
my blog haha
what happened out ah that joke is like
30 minutes and it's so cold yeah right
it's lubricant throwing up on the bush
the waffles I'm gonna pull my car around
we're gonna rebuild it
damn it look at the wall I don't know
yeah let's get the temperature to warm
it's just one of those colds that's like
so dry because we haven't gotten any
snow this year every breath just stings
and it just sucks this is Tanner brogard
reporting for the weather so we'll take
the car up the driveway around the
corner and right here we'll just floor
it I guess initiate time-lapse again
why the driveways a little bit crooked
like it's off-balance man this sucks
third time lives here we go okay we
think that we are ready and we need to
hurry up because it is very cold but you
know what these default so let's go all
right Quentin here's the champ
we got mom somewhere over there Quentin
right there i am i inside the car view
let's run through it guys I'm leaving my
windows down in case any phone blocks
get in
there's some in the back I could see
them that smells kind of bad hold up
let's get out did it look cool I kind of
stalled because I got scared I slowed
down for a second I mean it was kind of
cool I definitely drove over some of
them is there one under my car yes there
is oh we're smelling burnt tire I
thought it might be burnt Foam smells
about the same so uh any words we have
to clean all this up and that's gonna
suck ass but I did it for you guys hey
and Klan deserves to watch an r8 drive
through some phone whoa no look at that
look at that look at that there's two
stuff I said how one dude in my veins oh
that is not good we need to move my car
like now let me kick these out of the
way I think I should just drive forward
look at this side too whoopsie-daisy
well these that beauties all safe heshes
just watching I think wouldn't change
his mind
dish in your parking spot yeah let me
get these out here my face is too cool
to talk normally we have to clean up so
much look at that what the heck
well now that we've seen what hell looks
like and feels like I think we should
relax in the Attic after this true that
was reverse hell so now we are warmed up
and Quentin just left he's going to the
gym my mom just left she's going to some
club oh she's going to dinner okay
nevermind but since she left my sister
hey thank you very much
hey if you want to come downstairs eat I
can play some tunes on Guitar Hero
there's some memes on there we'll lock
him in the cellar let's go I see the new
iphone is finally set up yeah okay oh
god how do I come on it works every time
except for when you film it haha we're
trying to test the taste ID guys all
right let's play some memes this is what
it would be like if I streamed with a
better angle of course
I found it five mil on YouTube in six
months ever before why is this not face
boosted Jennifer just got here and guess
what she knows how to play guitar he oh
my god she's actually good it's because
she had practice all right Bob Ross we
got this
it was alright
I want a Content cop so bad because no
one criticizes my content like youtuber
wise besides myself ok now that it's
like 1:00 in the morning
we're done with Guitar Hero we're gonna
go ahead and in this video here and I
hope you guys enjoyed it thank you so
much for watching and don't really like
each other friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
next one
