we got a proof onto the blog make sure
nothing that would go in the hard drives
in the video gives you hell yeah god I
see report that was sticky so I looked
out that window yesterday and showed you
guys a view and you couldn't really see
the ground but there's an even cooler
view over here it's pretty wild and that
was like a castle up there I want to get
stand on it I need to take a shower I
can't smell bad to touch people and say
hi guys I brought my light saber tooth
brush all the sounds kind of did success
I'll really need more than one mer I
kind of like this bonding time you have
are you getting them all yep you're bi
cool hotel room we stayed in for a night
guys we have our name on a sign and it's
next to a Dunkin Donuts did I be going
there okay I tried to put my hair up at
his way to launch it feels like troll
hair so I'm probably wearing a hat those
are my my Crocs
I don't have heels on
hi Amy look so cute this is Quentin
that's the bridge the Brooklyn one it's
named Brooklyn show me your music
playlist well we have best for just
glitter dabbing with ham which is goofy
there's love and such they're purchasing
we have slow for when it's nappy time I
think it out with profile picture I have
throw back
vision and then we have a tongue one
which is an all-girl picture that's
bringing away I need to change slow
until our I'm mark Thomas you're
watching this year you're my slow song
picture so I don't think I said this but
we're on our way to the Mean Green now
first stop and then we're going to
Philadelphia tomorrow through the second
show and are we doing a QA and the
second show or now
probably not we were doing QA but
apparently not thing and I wanted to do
it live with him
hi showing your weekend so this is what
we can play this with all the songs
right and one of you guys made this
picture can you see it is Quentin with a
little Kleenex in my nose from my nose
lead okay I'll pull up in front of them
okay that that's where we're going I'm
sorry wrong guard me and read I can't go
Kamala needs acuity I am security let's
go right in right thank you guys thank
you how's it going guys come on down I
can go down the stairs without falling
for my deal yeah we got like all the
smells old month no hat or hat and I'm
Carolina watch what happens gonna let
your head let's widen my head looks why
my mom's not the boss apparently it's
going to cost a thousand dollars to film
in our is a thousand dollar fee to film
our own show I don't have to protect
your thing for your video but yeah I
said yesterday that once we got our nap
in like our nap overnight so our sleep
that wouldn't be tired anymore but still
tired
this is our the backdrop look so I
should have worn mine we could have been
swimming back this out oh my god
that's the one I don't even have yes
please grab that dog he's been watching
the weekend Wally we can preserve to a
backflip yeah nobody's gonna get hurt
nope wrong okay I'm on and your parents
are here so we're not gonna get coconuts
talking to people but uh Joan Goods lot
of fun I let this go wear my hat for a
picture which is what my hair is on the
Hat is staying on someone gave me this I
kind of want to wear it poop emoji
rainbow hat we got another back flippy
let's see it I'll be selfie mode yeah do
it
yeah last back last back foot so one of
those guard guys this is Vincent he's
turning 12 today and he got me something
for his birthday
yeah it was right up yes Nate Pirelli
and follow my Instagram and Vinnie got a
model 23 there you go beans blanket guys
it is over this is the ending table we
have I want some hubbub of off the floor
if some of these are so cool and
couldn't got some some Cheetos back
there I'm kind of jealous oh I need
another nanner because I'm tired and now
we are going to be on a train we got to
go like two hours to the Philadelphia
for the show tomorrow staying in the
hotel there I don't really know what
else you're doing today besides eating
bananas oh we're going to sit on train
taking that and go to this some girl
gave me a local bubble ball I don't know
if I can take this on the plane or not
but I mean I might do a video here with
it it might be about this today does it
all quickly yes okay okay first this is
the new hoodie part of the new
merchandise line that we haven't even
released yet but we have for the 2017
sewer people that went to this got it a
little bit early but there's this and
then on the back it says clickbait and
right now we're about to go on our train
to Philadelphia but while we wait we
have a couple hours we're going to go
take some more pictures because there's
cool buildings around instead of field
and I have my heels back by the way he
let easy
I go backward not my windbreaker cause
is winning I'm going to break it
all right half s come do a 50 Lee's jump
defeat
we did a hop in to jump yeah I'll do a
psycho fast enough maybe I can
I'm in a hot I did it kinda I mean it's
like impossible to land exactly Zack all
right we got a picture of me doing some
some healing now we're going to go we're
starting to rain a little bit
cool want any crackers I want in bad
time
we put her foot whoo Oh a good day so we
have basically the whole train to
ourselves and we all chose the right
after each other we have arrived and
we're going to leave our Cheetos for the
next person
yeah they're okay night it whoa
pretty check out this view right this is
I don't know this better than New York
an office is better than New Year's is
way better than new you were Wow
I guess we are on the 20th floor this
time so the 14th well guys I wanted to
do something with this bubble bubble
ball that has it ain't my fault and
where to go this face on it but I need a
Phillips head screwdriver and double-a
batteries which we currently do not have
we could just fill with water and then
like drop it now to win that okay well
my sister is a bubble expert and says we
can't put water in it without certain
Bob laws and Vaseline stuff so we're
just going to stretch as far as I can
okay I pull this over we're gonna
stretch as far as you can
it's super stretchy I'll just snap don't
like no you know like saying wasn't will
a bit refresh it don't let go I'll never
let go Jack your trampoline Jana what
you need to do homemade roll off the bed
keep home well guys I may not be able to
make a web above the ball well I can
make a hubbub of the ball actually I
can't I can't blow a bubble I put too
much in my mouth all right so we just
ate dinner and right now we are going to
be going
hold on I've gone on my finger comb
juice okay and right now we're going to
be going try to find a hot tub because
that's our routine every time we go
shopping okay so they don't have a hot
tub or pool but they do have food that
we got some of that Oh
does a lot school so now we're just
elevated writing we don't also do oh
dang my cameras in the way let Miss Q
back for email viewers and the male ones
over get those going - it's for
everybody but mostly me I'm a female
open
ain't no tub alright guys I am in the
hallway in my underwear so I'm going to
try to make this quick but we're going
to go ahead and in the vlog here also
sorry I have my retainers in and I'm
going to sound stupid but I just want to
say the experience meeting you guys is
honestly insane you never realized the
impact you have until like it's right
there in front of you and people are
telling you all the stuff I don't even
know how to explain it like it's just
wild and the fact that I can have a
positive influence on your guys's life
is amazing and whenever you guys come up
and say I inspired you or I helped you
in any way it inspires me to just keep
making videos and that's all I want to
do like I'm so motivated for the past
like two weeks all my videos have been
getting a million views such good
comments likes like it is insane and I
cannot thank you guys enough thank you
guys for watching the videos thank you
for everything and you know I mean it
because I'm in my underwear right now in
the hallway in a hotel and some old lady
could walk out any minute and yeah we
have a show tomorrow of 500 people
today's was 350 it does take a lot of
energy but it's awesome it's honestly
just so fun and then we fly home and I
after so yeah it's not really a long
trade but it's been pretty fun and yeah
and thank you guys so much for watching
this video don't forget friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you knew and I'll
see you guys in the next one
you came in looking like that you just
may be fun
