father clock and we are ready to go
goodbye Luna you're blending in with the
chair but I'm gonna miss you look she
doesn't want to leave now where's Rosa
Road Rose goodbye rose
she's so soft and kind of fat see you
later
she ran out we're here hey we got to get
a bigger sense for you or call along or
she did it wait a bigger trend to my
civic values here
smaller things will step on our
suitcases are still blue
yeah think of it come always forget the
cows I I didn't know if you have to
thank you guys I cannot hold hands with
Quentin on this flight like I promised
in the yesterday's video and in promises
but you're not going outside I try
okay now that we just walked a mile in
the airport
forwarded this is amazing
we've done this earlier except my bag
really sucks and I always took my feet
on the back of it you just don't know
how to order stupid that should that's
it okay I'm gonna go have some more fun
we'll see you guys whenever we are in
New York City
let's all watch as Quentin take this
thumbnail is a very creative hat for
this are we going to still live the way
this is in yesterday's video they've
already seen my hair could they see an
airport now we got to find a guy with
our name on a little thing and there's
snow here I mean here really making on
the crime law okay we're waiting for
someone to come get us so for now we're
going to do suitcase full what
oh my god to be safe
yeah no spiritual family got a split
I'll get it just for that I'll carry
this thing
all business my holdings are you I hope
I see Casey flying down the street men
are racin
this big building focus I'd say thank
you to the lady that drove us but she
didn't know how to drive and I swear I'm
so carsick could she get stopping and
it's like thanks for the would last I
know I should stop and then floor and
homeland the brakes all I going to throw
up me too we're gonna get some of the
I'm gonna take a shower because and then
I think we're going to go down to Times
Square and take some Instagram pictures
and stuff I came here and sixth grade
before I don't really remember that much
but he's never been but we're not going
to go sightsee we already did history
class and I really don't finally okay
when I'm on sit down to like five hours
oh this place is cool is the boring
house for sleeping this is the pendulum
at yo this is good lighting and
everything this is the remote stand
straight up we are on the 14th floor
I can't even see the ground pretty cool
and we're still surrounded by buildings
that are way taller time to pop off the
Healy's ah stop it
cameras rolling good so this for a
fortune
oh okay we don't need two youtubers I
look good water Danna that's who we're
going to watch the guy I'm racing on my
Healy's later tweet I am now your verify
no I probably could but we're right
there we're in that city so we all just
took a nap and we're about to go take
pictures go down to the Time Square and
have some fun probably going to be dark
by the time we get there but in the city
is bright and I
going to take a shower in this really
cool shower and I'm still tired are you
in wish today reminds me of the song by
All American Rejects gives you hell
because they go I wake up every evening
and we woke up in the evenings but yeah
now we are all a little bit rested we
were traveling all day and we had to
wake up early I don't know why am i
explaining this you guys saw it
oh yeah the meet and greet is tomorrow
we have to wake up at like somewhat
early not too early so will actually be
rested by the end I'll get up so we'd go
explore the city I was going to wear
normal shoes because it's getting dark
but these aren't very fun I gotta be
ready in case I see KC in case I see
chase I just been KC boom boom
but I haven't shown her a little kitchen
that's actually pretty sick we got the
fridge well that's actually a freezer we
got the fridge
we got the pizza in the fridge and I
know it's like this I could totally live
in place like this as long as it's like
in LA not here it's too crowded and it's
never quiet here at all one thing I've
noticed about this city there's trash
everywhere lining every Street every
Hill so this is where 20 hours used to
be and then that's the new one freedom
Palace it's really big first time I was
in New York was 2 weeks before 9/11 so I
saw the World Trade Center
I was chillin as a one-year-old back
home in Kansas I was not even Heuer your
here yet but I had a picture of you
interested on this day show you were on
our poster I wake up every evening with
a big smile on my face and it never
feels out of place we couldn't hold
hands on the airplane so we can do it
right now in the stacks again this is a
taxi very taxi then I gather five
members all of the tapes subpixels
picture
Oh
no no no he went away
Cameron was like they're back they can
be like hey but see I can travel this
blog versus there it's always scary boy
song passing on booty oh yeah you're
doing the New York yeah the Mean Green
oh my god hey come on a dirty jacket and
everything thank you oh my gosh because
the window is like when we were moving
in a car you do this
and uh
I am getting high any dollar system I'll
jump over the car Pop's lips I can't do
that betting comment this is like a
video game with everything on the floor
and he other okay guys well we are going
to go ahead and in the vlog here we are
all super tired still on still super
tired even after we went eat what after
we win eaten I'm still tired but we will
see you guys tomorrow when we were doing
the meet and greet and I thank you guys
so much watching this video and don't
you leave like in terms of end if you
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys the next one happy it out my
you're just Rafi and you can't move this
friends and place sucks
 you came in looking like that you
just made me
