what is the owner guys today we are back
and today just went to the mall with my
family and Quentin and we just went
shopping for the New York meeting Greece
we fly out to New York City at like 5:00
in the morning tomorrow so it's going to
be a long day on the plane but but just
for shopping we often close and now we
are back and I also clean my room this
morning I mean doesn't look that clean
to do that and that and I put this thing
back in my bed that makes it okay for my
dogs to pee on it but I mean like I
vacuum the floor and everything and you
guys know how many place to learn just
yeah I'm proud of myself this morning
coming okay she still can't jump up onto
this beanbag here I'll help you I'll
help you pretty sure I'm going to be
doing the weekly Q&A in this video I'm
pretty sure we haven't done one in a
little while and today's already halfway
over but I'm just now starting this vlog
because better than not uploading at all
hi guys I'm chillin watching faze reigns
video he's doing the water bottle trick
shots he's like eating Jake Paul's
record you know 17 in a minute it is 17
in a minute and then he had like an
official judge so I'm gonna go find a
water bottle just to see how many I can
do you know I've been inspired I want to
do it and I guess I'll just do it right
here by my CV and yes I was just playing
guitar here while I was watching but hey
if you guys know I'm pretty good at
water bottle flips I think at least I
don't know if I'm good compared to like
other people hold up let me find a water
bottle we're going to do this faze rain
did 18 imma see how many I can get just
for fun do we even have a water bottle
on this house we have lots of bleach
thank you guys pretty sure if there was
one it would be in here look at that wow
thanks mom for having a dirty car and
Thank You Luna for pooping in our garage
are you going to cheer me on
just just sleep okay okay here we have
our water bottle so I'm going to throw
it up here like this and I'm going to
get it's not going to do that it's going
to land and I'm going to get I don't
know I'm guessing I get 20 at least I'm
scared to not want to hit my TV I think
that's going to mess me up okay yeah I'm
not going to do it here right now we can
do it I'll just do it right here dang it
I'm going to hit that oh well okay let
me get like a practice one in real quick
okay I still suck Josh there we go okay
I have to throw it a little higher see
there we go I'm ready to go let me start
this timer
weird see how many we can get and going
one two
three three four five okay
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen Rick
fourteen okay this is not good 15 16 17
18 19 new world record baby I told
myself idea 220 in my exes I couldn't do
it why is that so hard whenever you're
under pressure it's hard that I'm like
I'm not gonna lie I thought maybe I
could even get to like 25 why was that
so hard
I don't know I think if I kept going I
could probably get up to like maybe 30
if I kept on kept practicing wait it's a
lot easier to do like water bottle trick
shots when you have no time limit you
can just sit there and I don't know why
but I wanted to do that so there's your
new world record Jake and Norton I'm
sorry it's just I'm the better water
bottle Clippers come on I want to get
one on the cap okay Linda is getting
annoying I should probably stop but yeah
oh and by the way guys I was on Twitter
today okay two things one it's national
puppy day so when we do the Q&A you get
to be in it sound good
are you down we've had rose and a few so
it's only fair second thing is I was in
the mall shopping right like I told you
guys I got a text and then I looked at
this and I screamed oh my gosh I scream
so loud and I ran through the mall I
finally got verified on Twitter and I'm
so happy because my name's haniv rengar
is too long to fit as my at name on here
so it has to be at Braun Garr Tanner and
the T on Braungart connection to Tanner
so it's kind of hard to find me on here
but now I have a blue checkmark and I'm
so happy that was a lot social media I
needed to be verified on I'm even
verified on Facebook and I hardly ever
use it all I guess musically wait you
have they verified me only look no but I
have way more on musically than I have
on
for some reason still I verified though
but yeah guys Quinton is on his way soon
and then we will start the QA I'll make
my talk about a normal bed for it move
my McDonald's and we will be ready to go
oh hey kicking my fellows make you look
ugly something's gonna throw well I said
learn it
I forgot gonna have to be and this is
national puppy day para Sarah Lee yeah
nice driving your ass nationals drives
ten miles and the speed limit did come
on Rose rose
come on growth row Rose come on Rose is
technically still puppy rank oh yeah
good you can join them hold up let me
flip this great around so we know how
ugly we are oh you can't see anything
but you that's what and if you guys are
like Clinton your hat stupid I know
that's why I bought it
I made this emblem on black ops 2 and
8th grade and I was like I need it so I
bought it that's your butt down well you
have a lot of questions will you come to
the UK this year probably I have no idea
but probably if I had to get would you
give up Guitar Hero 4 flips or flips for
Guitar Hero
well I'd run out of songs but then again
I could run out of flips but you can
also do hero online and never run out a
song and you also can't die from
breaking your neck while doing guitar
you oh sure man that's a hard one I can
still go cliff jumping and stuff if I
couldn't do flips so I'd probably give
up flips I probably just jam out on
guitar you're upset what is your
all-time favorite movie
I just watched it last night it's Bruce
Almighty you ever seen that no no how do
you feel now that you're verified I feel
verified let me tell you how he felt at
Altamont we're walking while we were
walking in Bondi bar and he just stops
MCOs looks as phone I was like ok Paris
woke up some coolness and then I look
over he literally just goes oh hell yeah
and just Sprint's across them all and
and jumps in like classes feet I was
like what yeah I'm so happy I still mad
me and then someone said and I think
Taylor said do you have verified not as
like oh he has a blue check by his name
and people know it's actually him good
job
I was happy ok yeah I don't even hardly
ever use Twitter but now I'm going
through so if you don't follow me go
follow me are you in Paris ok please say
yes love you ok so I tweeted like
yesterday
yeah was yesterday and I don't want to
get into it because it's not like
important right now but there's been
like a lot of ups and downs but we're
like fine right now so yeah we're fine
and when are you going to collab with
Terra Fox again oh yeah
so I talked in today and I think April
he'll be coming down here in April and
I'd come next month yeah we've got a fun
time throughout the tour stops you know
and then he can come down here for like
a week so uh yeah dogs aren't even in
the shot national puppy day get out
there kiddo when are you most often on
xbox oh ok so right when I wake up I get
my video done and then I edited like
posted stuff and then while my video is
exporting I play xbox usually and then
like once I'm done filming for the day
like late at night I'll play then if I
want is different all the time
right much shame but GTA or guitar here
you can't make me choose it next one
no like I can't I don't know the
distance pony you and I say I'm going to
snap one of these ok probably well DJ
because it cost more I'm just kidding
it's probably GTA just because there's
only a certain number of songs on guitar
hero I don't have custom songs yet so
Rose is a good pillow dude are you gonna
produce music someday
well so the camp scene can't play any
instruments yes I'm kidding up but you
can dance like it's our hero and that's
it no I can't dance we good by the way
ok I have no talent I guess I came back
for what is your favorite part about
being a youtuber that's part about being
a youtuber if I want to play GTA in the
morning instead of going school I can do
it will you ever consider doing a real
man's course what's a real man sport
like a real sport oh like anything
except gambling that's not really right
that's right I'm the boss around this
house well if you guys watch my best
basketball trickshot video in the world
or whatever i titled it then I could be
a basketball player if I wanted to I
mean if they gave me like three hours to
give my shot yeah probably not you know
I'm wearing the same shorts like the
past 5 days they're still freaking
spiders you're stranded on an island for
a day uh-huh what three items do you
bring Luna Rose you're objectifying them
I didn't mean their items I'm sorry
don't worry she's out he's gone
bye don't die she made it she's gonna be
back
my MacBook now there's no no I'm stupid
it's our hero guitarist I can act like
I'm playing I'm home I come you're
stranded for one day I would bring a
beats pill my phone and some zzzquil and
just go okay see ya smart okay kind of
question is that
oh no you ice probably bring a blanket
food and water yeah no I've changed my
answer to a blanket and water and fire
I'm bringing fire little not come back
she's ran out the door she's definitely
no poop ask me when I get my water
bottle trick shot certificate we need
your water bottle trick shot certificate
well first jackpot ascended to faze rain
in the night and then phase right now
send it to me hurry it up
what's your favorite trampoline vs and
why probably actually where the most fun
with translating versus saying that we
just did that was probably one of the
most fun but one that's been recommended
a lot is trampling versus real bleach
because everybody wants the rectangle
trampoline to become good again to the
paint kind of ruined it and maybe it
would get the paint off so that could be
my new favorite and maybe a side like
drinks on it alright we're going to do
three more questions
did something happen question or
something something something happened
like one time sometimes something bit I
don't know when but it isn't a hapless
where does a one-legged waiter work i up
yeah it was a good little in it what's
your most embarrassing moment in your
life well I don't know if this is the
most embarrassing but this is actually a
pretty bad one I was editing on an
airplane right already awkward enough
and then you realize the video you're
editing is a bathtub P o box opening
right and then you record you and your
friends in the shower after Compubox
opening to clean yourself off from
whatever you were just inside of and
then sound like it's buck naked and yeah
but it's okay because people's over cool
shower together so we're not getting one
more how long have you been so hot well
since I got those pictures taken to me
professionally the other day and she
made me look good they're on my
Instagram at Tanner Brown guard so go
follow me here's the juice of one of the
pictures
hello leggo get Luna to the outro okay
guys well that is basically it for this
video
nose look well and I hope you guys
enjoyed it I broke a world record and
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this QA and
we will see you guys in tomorrow's New
York City vlog actually pretty excited
to go he's going by the way so we can
hold hands on the airplane I'll film I'm
sleeping if we actually have a/c next to
each other hold your hand now yeah thank
you guys so much watching this video and
don't forget leave like intrenched you
enjoyed subscribe to new and i'll see
you guys next on today we're going to
follow with your poops everywhere here's
a polygenic probably my fault actually
but you came in looking like that you
just made
