cool it's open and there's some guy
cleaning it I don't know where he went
he was just here oh there he is what's
up man hey hey Quentin yes what it is
one o'clock oh no way
good job yeah you're doing the daily
routine of gta5 still all these vlogs
have been the same wake up gta5 and then
we'll find something to do wake up you
can't sleep all day that's what the pool
is open and we're jumping in it but I'm
I'll be freezing or I don't think it is
actually the pool heater is not working
I've been told but I don't think it's
that cold
definitely not as cold as the old pool
you're getting in Oh
record your cord last time or a good
this time someone's jumping in with me
out okay man you suck yeah you're gonna
break my mic again oh yeah with
Quentin's basketball shot hey thank you
did like 30 minutes 20 all right 20
wasn't worrying bye come on guys up and
Adam I'm in my underwear turnout I'll
tell you a decision no John it's called
the pool better not be freezing we're
going to take on the people yo this
thing looks so sick that does not look
very deep I think it should be the same
depth as laughing maybe looks like six
feet yep thank you kind of fish is it
cool oh no we're going to madness oh ho
oh my god we're on this the hot side we
would die of shock Dylan what do you
know you drew you not every night you
have a butter knife
you pulled a butter knife on me I know
the pool is heated no no no no a barfly
night I filming that I had asked my
Corvette I'm getting huh or hidden who
can get in the farthest and whoever gets
in the furthest gets the butter knife
they get all the money in my wallet
themself your money money oh no they're
gonna get you're going to jail it's for
receipt why are you so ball and man I
will gladly record them in a freezing
pool while I wear two jackets guess what
it I'll give you a beggarly review now
I'm not doing bad candy no more
we'll give you a sack of candy he'll
give you a buck and it's not worth it
I'll give you either those to qatari
over I don't play guitar hero unless I
hear you won't either way because I got
work if you jump in I'll give you my
Plato shirt no if you jump in - hold
your breath in 30 seconds 30 you'll get
that but I would for 30 seconds I'll
have it driving out on anything cool
no candy works very well for bribery you
know the rest of these cupcakes I know
Ari and I kind of smash doing if you die
he will bring you back to life I'll give
you $20 $20 jump in your pool we're
going to jump in yeah and put your head
on it it's go to your shoulders all
right glad to do there's only coming
good eye dogs in a kid okay okay I have
a sweater on now how's it going great
you can have that sprite - this is all
there yeah right Oh breezy
I'll leave that open for Quentin I'm
killing me outfit game
yeah you better open the tub first I
wouldn't get in that before you jump in
the I don't even know if it's a good
idea to jump in this after all that's
high all the water is low I need to put
more water you know so she felt stuff
from IHOP I didn't really clean up
what's gonna happen is I'm chilly right
now I'm not a medium chill yeah I'm
gonna jump down and be freezing cold run
over here be freezing and then jump into
the boiling hot water this little super
pretty doing I love that right here yo
the stairs look so dope older times I
know the thing is way bigger than the
last pull we have right over here ah
suck oh they got a freakin hottie
hi Rose hi Luna
is raising out your you'll need water
yeah feel the water is from Chile
oh you happy face before I die hey Luna
do not even freaking be late I'm going
to fall in your bed
you're a very dumb child you having fun
yeah you idiot yeah you can give your
shoulders go go right now my shoulder my
head oh oh okay you better get out of
there oh yeah go to the hot tub no I
should go inside yeah hiding whoa
awesome so give it another thing so bad
oh my god you're a sickening thing oh I
guess you should do that they don't lose
your toes that freaking suck good night
the key to the lap pool is like really
hard to close it's inconvenient like
right here open it up and cover cover on
and look at it okay you have fun we'll
see you temporarily and your hands are
in your pants I'll leave you to it
raagh of you I need to put water in the
top row I'm holding up my end of the
bargain there's 15 I have to go find
five more no I know I'm not catching
this that's a didn't know all right guys
it's been a few hours since the last
clip and we are still chillin playing
GTA 5 he is he's doing some mission we
need some more money
I do the races a hundred thousand
dollars thank you some random fan gives
100k but yeah I do the races he does the
missions for we're good team we are like
yeah I don't have to go home apparently
his mom wanted him home because he's
been gone a lot so we're riding solo on
our campfire maybe this is how many
girls I have over go get him go get him
11 think he's getting away
let them get away or anything he is
going under 4000 insane is so fun guys I
got an Audi r8 in this game did I say
that before I don't know but I got an
Audi alright showing real quick you guys
then getting killed kind of crash but
there it is and hopefully I can get one
in real life I don't know a few months
you're driving yay oh my god
kick that thing off again oh this iron
ass shoes on nothing must be really cool
all about you oh if nothing is actually
screwed to the wall would have broke my
toe I got to kill your vibe real quick
college guys look at this house up here
this is like I think this is the biggest
house in the neighborhood baby with
knocking out first I hope yes also the
first two oh my gosh it's like three
stories and they have a they have a
balcony on the third floor that
overlooks the pool house they have a
house they have a live a pool yes I
really just want to go in their backyard
and chill
but don't alligators do super ok I'm
really big fan of your house and I kind
of having some difficulties they're all
closed we are at the grocery store I
talked about in yesterday's video how
it's warm and it's getting the opposite
this is our Wi-Fi I guess we'll just
tell them hey we're taking this one with
a candy bar what this huh firewood is
here we bought a lot so we can make lots
of fires kind of way yeah but I got
fruit fun facts I used to play this song
live ladies day five in my eighth grade
hey if we need a fire starter I got a
great one that's called all these things
that come out of my bean bag to get laws
in the carpet thanks to you isn't that
right hey she got this little thingy for
the invisible fence I talked about it
can you can you quit by me for a second
so just like Rose she can run around all
she wants now and she gets a little zap
every time she runs too far okay it's
maybe been five minutes from my last
clip he's still in the same mission and
she's asleep now she was just biting me
and now she's asleep that's like exactly
what she does all the time please good
little angel we're going to go make some
fire this school is full of random stuff
but very convenient stuff Oh nuts
it's almost dark or maybe it just looks
that way with my shades on now it's
almost dark these are still I hear from
last night hopefully it didn't rain all
that kind of hard it's still good though
I really cannot see anything with these
on I had an actual tripod but now it's
in my mom's bathroom and it kind of just
stays there for the P o box opening so
you guys can sit on a whatever that is
now the women we changed are under
question I need help
what's in that bag you'll see young
empty fan mail bag hey boy we got a
hurry dude my toes of reasons you have
to start with little stuff oh my god it
was like hey where'd you get half
you're on board and then you go to
bigger stuff then you go to sign in the
law then you go for the home run
sweet where's the water in my pocket you
Narita need a go now yeah I'll do my
left hang some crap that one gets burned
off there's already a little smoke going
for now are we going I think so thank
you for finally Wow maybe there we go
last time we were camping Maya my mom
came with us but now we don't either
oh we almost lost her Cap'n sorry I'm
gonna lose get the backup yeah we got it
to work okay it only went out twice and
restarted twice yeah well guys we're
going to sit here and enjoy our fire day
two with the fire I think this is this
is our new thing shell modifier work
country boys Sonia country tech yeah ma
yeah guys we're going to go ahead and in
the video there and I hope you guys
enjoyed it another vlog I know this one
is kind of like and stick with me
through the not so amazing ones and I'll
try to make amazing ones and I'll say
I'm making good ones in lie to you
repeatedly okay I thank you guys so much
for watching this video and don't forget
to leave a like and share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in the next one after
she came up there we go
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me sick
