I got you Roo crab just kidding I won't
do it to them again but what is going on
guys today we are back and I hope you
guys are all having a good day first
thing I want to say real quick is if you
guys haven't seen yesterday's video the
100 bath bombs p.o box opening challenge
thing it's probably one of my favorite
peal box openings that we've done and we
did a fake blood prank on my mom during
it and it was just really funny so if
you guys haven't seen it go watch it and
yeah what do we got going on today I'm
not too sure Quinton is done with school
for the year like he just went hard and
got all the school done he does online
school and Dylan's on spring break right
now so they've stayed the night at my
house like the last four nights we've
just been making videos as you guys have
seen so I guess we're just showing out
here today but we'll find something fun
to do I think Dylan's a genius that's
the best idea I've ever seen yeah that's
perfect holy crap oh yeah guys by the
way I got this pic by con gta5 look at
it it's from Shawn look at that thing so
we are just chilling and let me open
more these we were sitting here and we
thought of an idea we have two
trampolines sitting on the second lot
right next to my house they're both
covered in paint
there's nothing to do with it but they
are I guess I mean and I think we're
going to try to pull them over and put
them like by the basketball girls
freaking do some trick shots today I
wanted to do a basketball video just
because we have a basketball goal now
and I don't even play a basketball and I
still have fun doing trick shots and
just messing around so I was thinking
you guys would enjoy it and I need to
change that I'm wearing these shorts
like every day for the best week and
this this mess is not my fault it ain't
my fault seriously thank you so much
water yeah Dylan had nothing to do with
it
screw you and it's getting harder to
dress myself because it's getting warmer
here it's like 80 degrees and a lot of
my stuff is hoodies like over there and
long-sleeve and sweat so I have like
random shirts like Guns and Roses but
black on black I wear a grey shirt or my
playboy shirt playboy sure all right
cool back of the shirt cooler ready
that's it on your head Dylan
so yeah let's go we got to go move a
traveling we're going to have to either
move these trees to go all the way
around the shed and I don't know if we
can even squeeze through here not with a
circle like to take the rectangle do
this is actually going to be so fun we
can put this thing on ten foot in and
Duncan I'll feel good about myself oh
crap there's a package we didn't open
yesterday we set it on my truck and we
forgot to do it
greased open it right now I'm so sorry
no one saw something sorry times two for
not knowing how to say your name but
it's okay because I usually hear Tanner
Braun guard burg nard where Jim and or a
stuffed animal something oh they gave me
a wallet some macaroni and cheese crafts
videos
come on get out of the sack I knew this
is a weird-looking sack oh gosh oh why
why is it duct tape where's ah alright
then we got a few knick-knack paddywhack
give the dog the bone already hey this
is not going to fit I'll give it to my
son thank you I don't kid yet okay let's
get this trampoline this is probably
going to take a while because this
trampoline super heavy but check out the
grass there's an actual rainbow the
crustless how that works out I don't
know dude I didn't even think any of it
was leaking through because it was
drawing really fast but apparently it
did and hey my sister's know I know what
am I going to cook tickles yeah they
still work all right we're going gonna
start going uphill yes I'll take this
okay bye okay so we got it to here and I
have my chin on the trampoline but we're
going to do some shots from here to
there kind of mix them before we put it
under the goal in like dunk it and stuff
hopefully this is completely dry
wouldn't want to get anything on my
crops bro oh it's like not as bouncy
it's heavy on top right
oh yeah this carefully is not bouncy at
all anymore
I'm jumping as high as I can what the
frig oh my god is trampoline is horrible
now I never thought the circle would be
better than this will news
do not put paint on your trampoline it
might look cool but it's not okay no
idea if this is going to work or not we
have this hose and we're going to try to
spray down this trampoline
rub it off just like we got the paint
off of ourselves we can use these towels
like quinton steals from the gym
thanks going to loves it loveseat I want
it clean so bad is the know if you think
we're rolling balls up rolled is back
ahaha I know what the problem is
right all your shirt not off oh oh come
on Jane you got this giant wings back
grin I suck I can't make a basket I'm
not turn this trampoline like three feet
this way where it actually aligns the
basket and I'll makes it won't even
ready yeah and Quinn comes in for the
rebound guys in Polish the ball hit the
camera Oh God
thanks Dylan yes it is that's not metal
I tried moving you don't hold that it
ain't my fault just because it's my
outside doesn't mean is it not even
Dylan doesn't have a word to camera I'll
be the one operating it then ya know
with your first child I know right like
we like burger but times like 300 we
weren't here for 30 minutes - and I mean
at all is an hour and
my respect for dude perfect even though
they have muscle hi go into the back
blood alright its own boss try you want
to move cam please doing yeah well we
just lost the spring second time one's
ever came off on this Oh under here so
fancy look like the stained water
droplets of paint that dried right there
should I do it
oh we're gonna basketball guys okay oh
no it does first ribose on that happen
so it's ready to do it away that job in
service great vegetables rich chocolate
we're gonna take this we've done in this
token hurt if we mess up it still a
little bit of softness Oh straight to
the concrete oh hey buddy ready anybody
all the times people make it how's it
looking oh I like that one up I'll try
to hold on dude all that wood sweet
o-ring Makana see going into the dark
without the ball no I cannot hold on
come on it's pretty far like that's
pretty far I'll try to hold on I can
maybe try the long dry yeah that was so
it's going so far down come out with an
F okay I'm about done the basketball
trick shot
trick shot like yeah lunar rush where
are you at what's up rose where's Luna
you guys are yelling hey no hey just
confusing you what do we have for snack
oranges and yeah oranges I think I think
we using spring georgette oh yeah we do
apple juice or salsa the neighbors
brought over some more food this time
cupcakes anybody want anything else
we'll wrap it in Fritos
look I only know one thing Dylan and
it's that you better quit playing
horrible so the fans don't think I'm bad
bro we gotta get on the bus remember
when I did that to you going yeah I knew
I was like it was so stupid I didn't
even believe it I just say oh okay whoa
guys where did all the emoji pillows go
didn't we have a lot from fan mail days
are gone the holiday or not I stuffed
them in here so Rosel quit biting them
Oh God
oh it's real dark in here you know what
I just realized that trampoline out in
the field is going to look really lonely
so leave a comment down below of what we
should do with it because I don't really
know kinda want to get a new rectangle
next to the pool because the current
one's kind of ruined and we do have that
new trampoline on the way still but I'm
telling you now that will not sit next
to the pool it's too big right I get out
ah so you do watch my video
I did I was just going through look at
my hole grab you're a fan you like that
I do written spells good next time now
is the fun part of my day where I get to
find more posters here's where my
brother my sister practice there's and I
still have this many of mine and these
are all for the East Coast meet and
greets we're doing and hey if you guys
are going grab a poster and start lying
in your basement so you can look like
mine but it'll be me instead of food
it's really fun now Quentin has joined
in on the fun and we're going to do the
one of both of us it's probably my
favorite and dish we look cute and my
fingers are costly a.m. it says cute in
okay it's not very good
yeah where to that way there we go yeah
pretty much
first ice on it like this boom mmm
didn't I pass it over to Clinton and
then he does it and then yeah kind of a
scribble on it a little we're just going
to redo yo this is my favorite song in
seventh grade I just made the worst B
ever outlaw whoever gets this one I'm
sorry and should I make a like a heart
up here I feel bad when I mess up but
then I'm like wait you got the one
that's messed up which is rare so you
know this sucks was whenever you don't
do it alone which is what I was doing
for three hours last night tonight
accordin I got our stack gun I shall do
all mine and here's the conclusion of
our day we are out here testing out the
fire pit we're the first people to do
this courtesy of Zhu Yu he fought the
logs 275 the log we tried to use the
tree that we cut down by the wood still
alive so it won't burn it literally
feels like summer and it's great but
that is the issue for this video and I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I'm still
having fun making the vlogs here and I
hope you guys are still having fun
watching them so as long as you guys
still like them I will continue to make
them and yet don't believe like
insurance if you enjoyed subscribe you
new and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace out and ain't my fault so I
stick my camera in the fire yeah like
forever
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
