it's noon lay down dress what is going
on guys today we're doing a peel box
everything what am i doing in my room
anyway what's going on guys I just got
done with a photo shoot and you guys
have to go follow me on Instagram right
now if you guys don't because you guys
going to be seeing the pictures they're
super cool super funny and hopefully I
have a new profile picture by the time
you guys are watching this on youtube
and they were just awesome so yeah I'm
my wait till they're up and out of bed
and then we're going to go open some
packages and there's stuff in these
boxes that we're going to put in the tub
this time you guys already know what it
is by the title oh crap yeah you gotta
clean all this out why is there a hot
glue gun
how do I put water first yeah these will
offer warm laws would enjoy my guys
today we are back in here in the back
side we have Quentin here this time for
Tommy Bennett and you know he like to
know I just like to take an astragal
home sometimes I got I got here the
green one of the fatherless places I was
three times no you should just get to
know except the green ones buzzers for
the area you get I mean Isis timeouts
technical difficulties I'm back from the
kitchen knife we have a hundred bat
bombs there's 50 in each of these little
boxes here and and we want to do
something plain because as you guys know
easily do disgusting stuff but we wanted
to do one that's enjoyable some here
haha that's why he's in here cuz you
waiting to go in the paint yesterday
what is a film and ruin my team but
we're going to get this down this house
takes forever to fill up confused and
the waters not a fast look look at that
you don't wanna have something else cool
we could flood the bathroom this morning
Wow oh there's another for Kimberly give
me the box
here all it smells so good holy crap
I'm never thinking about consuming ever
I don't think I'd really take any bags
in my life enjoy without these but I'll
be selling now I don't want to be hung
up snap get those Oh God
they're like little rafts of eggs shea
butter goat milk
Coachella butters let's unwrap everyone
oh yeah yeah this ain't even slaw
how do I get to talk there we go what do
you guys will discover Phil and si thank
you for gum and the bones are ready
always been weak on the heady
ramen on a server or any bar spaghetti
bathtub is almost ready look at this
there's so many of them vehicle you
should be able to eat them like the big
jawbreakers that cost 75 cents at Pizza
Hut you know thanks the bees look sweet
look they match my short should we just
install now that I know this love do
this one looks so yummy
it looks like watermelon eat it coconut
watch but I'm going to stab you
fishermen coming on we do okay so now
yes I'll just go ahead and go we do I
wanted personal yeah do you want a
personal daughter let's seal this
goodbye let's do one look all these
little thingies come up okay campers
it's changing the bass color a little
bit and I'm guessing this is going to
make a whore estate ground now other
people made these videos I have watched
any of them so I don't know what's going
to happen
still it still isn't oh I got smaller
really quick all right guys you know
what when you double do 100
holy crap can you feel the busy and
drill the moon
Oh my mom when your foot on the
super-cold Oh move mine oh I don't get
all the way into this this like a nasty
yellowish white I thought it was going
to turn like a dark color all out
tickled and dresses we just over
watering you know whether this yeah look
oh we all gave in models love you don't
worry Jenny Jenny beginning Wow it is
all there rubbing in my bus this is a
disaster I haven't get everybody in
Omaha oh it looks like or sherbert
landed on tasty on this deck hi hey
- what now let's open some packages
somebody get to the cell phone over
there mom has anybody else's button
really hot yeah like aren't they nothing
is to heat although I feel cement I
don't know if you're bossy I feel like
someone just put a nose why is it so hot
oh hey we go oh oh why is it burning it
feels like it will just put hot sauce
down my pants
we're gonna solo oh yeah don't put salt
water in here ah this is an actual foam
pit okay let's start opening them now we
need down you idiot
open end video instead of on okay I'll
be both I gotta move this pocket
it's command one this is from Michelle
mad math thousand some thank you for
today
my I see a Rubik's Cube have a certain
to come on your favorite person plus a
bunch of shitty suits can take without
you
I have a collection of wrong renews your
kitchen they get other words that what's
always losses is something I can see
yourself for automation to play busty
Pacific thank you thanks Michelle
escorting something I hope it's not you
Gianna yours where for you here's work
for you Tanner flip daddy there's black
boy sweet
we got Todd love milling this guy's name
is actually milling mi Ellen so this is
beckoning light for your eyes
hi my name is millet uh Rania and I have
some pistol Vania and I'm fogers old ok
this is some bad news that the kid has
cancer in defender completed diabetes or
liver failure I've been going through a
lot of it how do you get bullied for
that it's bullcrap the amount ask
Francine you equip they have some
posters and some random thing in mad
everything when I come back from school
you and corn and dill and make it simple
better I love people traveling oh yeah
Dillon feel better oh yeah and then they
left all this game stuff so thank you
mom cause it means a lot and I'm glad I
can help you I really I don't know what
else I could do with I keep making
videos but I'm glad that it helps people
to the song I want to do so thank you
and I love you and that's insane ever
because it's a joke you might be Milan I
don't know but it is nil on that funny
way distended deal of business yes Lily
he wants there's a diary of brown now by
the way and hey hey little thanks
lighting it one of notches open yours Oh
Dylan cute feel better kisses hockey and
cheetahs and sir like it I thought that
was a penis a little is this about
typical school life oh yeah but didn't
send you look at what position you a
classy lady cleanse outspoken on Zack
you light up the see and which okay oh
come on
ah-ah batteries Thank You millaa millaa
disability can don't establish this
money yes they gave me a nice silver
dollars this mammal Morales robotic
twins
I'll give the row she will enjoy that
tag on a lot of tea also empty roll of
duct tape dude everything that touches
this burn don't get enough that long
what is this thing
they just keep wrapping it instead look
at it and it's classic lace leg one
thank you like zero foyer plate
how does it play min so cutely look we
got basketball
we got lucky ball we got a glove like a
glove this is big with words only half
quick notice is that that's why this is
Tanner penises special gift so I just
it's not for you hey Tanner and friends
I just described for a while now and
when you join the peer box opening I've
been diggin it this stuff for a while
but yesterday you called me out in a
video for the Xbox 360 guitar I think it
works and bonus and flash on I'll
probably send more packages in the
future keep doing what you're doing and
we'll keep walking close to you the bed
and hope everyone enjoy
thank you funny my I feel yelling
together with okay
let's see this there's actually is
all-america lacrosse there they're in
and there's an emotive elope with do
bull and cow died so this little as we
worked a little loopy that and sloshed
on it if you guys don't know / is like
my favorite guitars ever and some Guns
N'Roses one of my favorite band this
thing looks brand-new
trapeze let you do this oh I will do it
before thank you so much like I'll make
sure this does not get wet went away
whammy bar test it work I feel confetti
at the bottom of this bathtub from they
said okay so one husband does miss Melly
week like he's probably doing after a
skin and smell the clean I won't be
clean feet look I want to be back
working here you feel they weren't
anywhere have cage struggle I'll box
inside another box
thank you can't live like that Jana Jana
man what
no I guess you're counting oh it does
let's open it up up up if you're not
into it this is Tanner Tanner Tanner can
just indigestion all over Italy not in
the letter thank you I got an arrow
right here
ah insulin is comin opens okay this
coming here again
hey we will read these now my god heck
did he with a soup coming they had Quinn
jumps down the package with its old
squinted like that oh I mean I can see
coverage in a movie
is even more so thank you ah that's the
third time I can watch your videos to
fifty dollars above my first videos I'm
watching your channel of the water
bottle flipping trick shots that was in
my first big video so hey my favorite
video of yours is best diving board in
the history of ever year by far the best
youtuber you're in the video fridge for
me by the way I also living in Grand
Island in Bamiyan subscribers so
probably Harbor here's a couple funny
gifts for you the number one fan
aggression so many yes free here cooking
refusal of her name saying words
I opened a lotta hire this person oh my
sigil it don't matter if it is from
Chandler what's the versus an arrow the
deer on this news but what is nearer the
last messaging oh yeah this is like a
Jordan what okay
what is it all of you all negative on
you on your no no that's been done oh my
god you know you you're the Jackass oh
here you are
I have fake blood lesson like uh me
knowledge upon you I thought you cut
your shoulder it's safe Kim oh yeah give
my monkey mono ma mom
yeah mom yeah mother
we need band-aid I put them like - yeah
yeah yeah we're jelly wall right I hit
hit a bell Oh
I know how scared the ground but we do
see all this - I would like you all guys
yeah oh my god big driveable Lamborghini
hey messing my minute
okay guys are going to get out of the
back I want the traffic guitar here
sorry if it works I'll cry myself to
sleep in tears but we're going to get
out of the back my blood still burns and
this is brown looks like diarrhea or
puke combined and I pulled out a little
hangnail got him in a really hurts not
only let's go alright guys
two things first this guitar does work
so far at least in second it matches my
shorts and it's amazing so we're going
to go ahead we're going to play phone
real quick just to make sure what song
wrong
okay poskim lucky this works good it
works
and is Wireless I'm so happy I love you
well guys I'll go ahead and play this on
the rest of the day that's it for this
video and I hope you guys enjoyed it
yeah I think he has I'm watching this
video don't forget leave like sure that
you enjoyed strengthen you and I'll see
you guys the next one cut off
he's out then my thought you came in
looking like that you just made
