good morning chat yeah I rode we got
Dylan this time hi even though you're
kind of affected by it because it's
right there
we got rose too hahaha grab a shot is
that B stuff what did you online guys
today we're back and my family still
gone they get back today but my brother
got sick in Kansas City so they're
waiting for him to feel better before
they take the three-hour drive back and
Dylan the clinton came over last night
when I was sleeping so they're here and
I'm about to enjoy some cinnamon bread
that the neighbors brought over shout
out to the neighbors shows I don't know
what I'd have for breakfast without you
last year since I woke you guys up with
crusty crime there's cinnamon bread
upstairs
this pupper sits by me every day when I
edit she loves me she loves me she's
kind of wet because Rose has been biting
her whole entire body but that's how
they play again if any dog could do a
backflip it would be her I remember when
I tried to teach rose and Rose was just
not having it but had her tries you
times and she always lands this she
doesn't land in a squat like Rose did
Rose just kind of gave up like halfway
through and just flopped but she might
be able to do on one day that'd be cool
I need a dog oh that can backflip Dylan
and corn and I are all going to Walmart
right now and we were about to go get
some paint hopefully we're old enough
because last time I went there like used
to be 18 but that was spray paint this
is like oh this is going to be pain I
can so hopefully we can do it we're
going to be painting a trampoline today
I guess this is trampoline versus paint
I've only done once trampling versus in
this house so it's that time again
ball it's nice out yay kind of windy
though are you doing wrong guard I came
to your house to meet you what's up
you're going to drive because I don't
what's up there pit hairless I
that's just new me okay so we just went
in a Walmart and it's going to take 20
minutes for them to mix our paint that
we need so we bought this toilet thingy
you can't really see it's in a bag but
we got 20 minutes to kill and I hop is
luckily right over there thank you I
forgot to help load them in the back are
you coming to record us I'm going to a
Richert and I don't want to get he
doesn't want to get the paint
hey the braces oh yeah by the way record
means record but in red language and I
have this on because I don't want to get
my hair out you E oh we gotta have a
quick car and I have a spongebob
underwear on you'll get to see those
swimming around the trampoline why did I
take my phone out here Oh feels like
somewhere out it's so nice okay so we
have we have kind of green red blue
orange and yellow and we're going to put
them on the big rectangle this is going
to permanently die the trampoline
clickbait at least we hope and hopefully
it does not dye our skin permanently you
clickbait because I don't want to be
cooked babe my whole life
oh and we have purple I almost forgot
the purple it's indigo our neighbors are
going to learn to love us hey underwear
and trampoline either love you or steal
and we got to get inside of these come
on get out i'ma do some flips because my
spongebob undies are going to give me
the power you want it yeah
what you get okay
who's the genius now are you sure that's
going to work buddy have you been to my
good popsicle opening scissors I'll be
so pissed
oh that's a very nice purple you do me I
dare you to eat it
oh I've cold oh that's real cold Angliss
I could do you guys bet we are what down
or less can stand all that's the best
color yeah well paint is ready yeah
all right time to hand over the camera I
think you'll see if this paint is this
thing going to come off in the shower
yeah see if we rub it it comes up kinda
all over here the red one was like hey
okay we're going to make sure the blue
and the red first what do you we had to
dump it from like high up what come on
don't get it on me I'm not going to get
it on and so windy I'm sorry about the
wind but we're outside we have to be
better not throw this guy I'm all he'll
kill you don't follow you you should
throw this first they just think are
they gone three do one Oh what about God
we're liquid I never felt down on the
grass career yeah you can throw the
grass I covered his whole tan and paint
oh I saw this over here y'all make
purple it's like purple we're making art
over here on this side
holy crap our 1 million dollars who
wants a guide look at this art
drivelling comes with it stop it check
out my toes this is just like the
pepto-bismol ok her coming in I won't
throw it on you this time
three yeah yo oh you tell you that
everything yeah hey hey let me even have
yellow I want a mint
I'm ready
hey now just courts right down right
down throw it straight up straight up
okay straight up not towards you can hit
up and straight down ready yeah great -
watch out oh whatever
you owe me $45 I are you kidding me
I want to try to clean it just a little
bit
let's give it something right all
awesome my favorite pair of jeans thanks
for ruining it let's just warm out -
this tastes kind of cold ready
this is probably bad idea zoom in if you
want a little oin and know that actually
got a hurt it's like a little puddle of
water Sigma admire the beautifulness
going going home safe no painting no I
don't yeah yeah ah I have the coolest
leg hairs everywhere
she's actually kind of sick I love you
we pick good colors oh yeah I'm going to
be like I'm gonna be like Quentin the
rest of day because I can't just farm
thank you that was a muscle joke
whatever supposed to be shitty position
double bump run you do the double friend
Ellen Oh screw you
it sticks to you every time you land my
back multicolors or what oh my god
look pretty Thank You Betty you know I
feel like I have a lot of stuff on me
but not as much as when my brother did
my makeup okay guys I think I thank our
masterpiece is complete I think we're
telling this on eBay highest bidder gets
it
just kidding I want to see nine million
dollars yes you have we're going to take
a shower and my mom take that shower
because they aren't on my on my feet I
got some pretty better hurry before this
stuff dries honestly yeah all right
we're gonna run in there you guys can
join into the shower well I mean that's
cool I ruined my favorite pair of jeans
and shoes so I mean good day all right
so we take place in the steps we can't
go around guys have them it you can just
please the towels on your feet much that
was it's on accident okay this happens
every day y'all go go go goodbye now
your feet apologize yeah you got over
Jews with this legend you can see then
what's better would you grab my phone
this kind of can-do not just the walls
all offensive yeah yeah yeah if we can
take my hat off those understood and
you'll you're so 55 I'm going to come
off slow it's coming off my hands a
little bit key if we rub hard enough
it'll come off in your trolley forget it
passing it out oh yeah we're finding
that pool bowl guys like they've been
you're supported yep we got one four
years ago we got them yesterday no no I
edited the video and put them in the
video that I posted today copies were a
three we guys what if anything don't
know don't oh hello hi welcome back
thanks Jeff I'm sure my art is pretty
fun about it no rules even though we
barely have any anyway I hear about that
have you seen the rectangle trampoline
oh it's colorful you can't really see it
from here but I'm trying to see it okay
hey there's a we showered in your shower
there's probably try to get most of it
down the drain but you might see your
shower might be clickbait did it clean
oh no we okay guys it is the next
morning now we're going to go ahead and
do a follow-up check on the trampoline
real quick only thing that was stained
with my arm a little bit but all the
other pen came off and thankfully we
have a lot of beliefs that you guys send
in the fan mail so we were able to clean
the shower completely look at that it is
kinda hard to see with the morning light
but I think it's permanently colored
this honestly looks pretty sick I like
it and even this one a lot of footprints
and handprints and that's Dylan's butt
and that's my butt right there
pretty cool hopefully it doesn't come
off when it rains because I want to keep
this but yeah guys we're going to go
ahead and in the video there and I hope
you guys enjoyed it I got to get started
with today's video and yeah thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
live like insurance friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys the next one
peace out my
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be too far
