a snapchat from my mom they're chewing
my Crocs together they're double-teaming
I hey you want to take that away so they
don't ruin my favorite shoe guys I just
found my exact car on gta5 I'm really
happy
look at it hey and I just what is going
on guys today we are back and I hope you
guys are all having a good day today
Healing is here ruin is here if she
stretched him right now what's that dog
oh what's up we just took her to
McDonald's with us she does not like the
car her and Rose both do not like
driving in the car I thought most dogs
do stuff they like putting her head out
the window and stuff no not them oh crap
cops are on us you're gonna die are you
ready according here - I think yeah he's
asleep in the mood here and we're gonna
go wake him up okay the prank would be
to leave that plane so my family my
whole family is leaving me today only
for a day like I'm staying here tonight
by myself they're going to that ariana
grande concert and that concerts the
reason we didn't go anywhere we were
planning to go like to Hawaii or
something fun we'll probably do that
later and we don't want to have any
chance of us missing the New York
meet-and-greet because plane delays and
stuff and we just be tired so we're
going to wait a little bit on the trip
oh yeah we're going to throw a party
than I am be blasting music in the movie
room crispy crab pizza Dylan sounds an
alright hit go drive some drive fast
that'll be me in real life
guys I'm giving up on keeping this floor
clean it's just not going to happen this
dog I won't let it happen
hello I'm gonna miss you so much god I'm
not gonna miss you actually I'm going to
use your cool shower instead of my
freakin presidential weird bathtub I
tried it with both shower heads on today
just thought I bet good when am I going
to get my shower like installed alright
dude how much time
I measure that day this is from my
measure Simpson who are you talking
about there's cinnamon bread on the
counter that the neighbor brought you
guys are welcome yeah why didn't the
neighbors keep bringing us food there's
more food upstairs I saw they do that so
we don't to try to McDonald's every day
mama I need to buy an Audi all right but
but but but it's on the video game okay
so there won't be any craziness going on
tonight yeah good bye crunching good
thing we have Quentin here on my
necklace you better find it we're
getting here take your shower hey I need
in your bathroom because I'm taking a
shower in here no now it's on all right
here we go
I'm turning them both on hey you guys
said we were too aggressive with the fan
mail and our last fan mail opening and
you were kind of kind of right but uh
hey very gently there you go hi look
there's you get a little place set your
phone
magical row okay I promise I'm not naked
you might need me feel closer let's see
if this thing works it's kind of warm I
need to hurry up and get around to
getting all of these and putting them by
the pool table because I need all the
land he needs and the xeu Audi r8 that
has look there's a lot of left oh crap
come back still a lot of things to do to
this house wait this is the exact one
you were just playing with him DK five
dude yeah it was red how long till you
guys leave few minutes good see this is
some of the stuff that the neighbors
brought with it Howard or if you're my
neighbor and you watch my videos thanks
plus on please thank you
only that it's trippy there's a little
panda on a big piano you know we have a
jump on this trampoline like a few days
let's see let's do some fun stuff is the
hardest part getting the bean bag back
on the trampoline yeah I stuck my hand
in that hole bit this one made your
stuff flying out of it there you go yeah
sounds like pee smell that I'll race you
I wouldn't know yes you cheated okay so
the thing I said in was the yesterday's
video I think might have been the day
before yesterday but I told you guys for
the indoor foam pit video I wanted to do
something that would kind of destroy the
house a little bit and I'm just saying
it has to do with something with this
this this railing and the out of sand to
some things might be disappearing so
that we can do better flips imagine a
mini trampoline right here this is gone
sand gone triple front it fans don't
love the optics we just jump right now
right holy crap we're supposed to have a
guy come do it today but he says I can't
do it for liability or something like
that so we got to wait to have someone
else do it do a couple it I'm in the fan
man rocks yeah okay it's coming down
anyway probably go I think that one's
harder dad doing softer we owe
oh don't peek I wish you could get on
that thing so bad perfect height
forecast awaiting that's nothing scary
nice to get on it then it's like hollow
a thought will break right through it so
jump over our tree oh you you almost hit
that freaking cabinet holy crap you
idiot holy living will you bad ready you
know I'm going to try to do it but put
two feet on the wall like this all your
life
no nice tree step a lot of type of Bodom
I feel a wallet a condom - what why it's
still kind of like a dumbass laughs try
buggy possible vote that's really fun
though
hi Tyler this is a fashion emergency and
it doesn't involve Tristan I'm trying to
throw a party the doors over there let's
go come on come on all right let's get
some nails make it dramatic thank you oh
my gosh yes naughty boy naughty - bye
bye it's go go away Dylan they're
finally gone yeah I just came up the
stairs and I kind of kicked right here I
broke that thing off
that hurt my toes you don't know living
one of those bendy was like when you're
on show a little where your intro is
read to you whatever my mom was like
sitting in a room others be down by the
floor Bingley you do have to do you know
what we can do since my mom gone and we
got the whole house to ourselves we can
shoot hoops because we can't do that Don
hey you can come out and roses like go
on what the heck
come on someone rose come on out oh she
just went right back in come on come out
I want to do an actual like basketball
trick shots video because we have that
roof and that roof and like trampolines
and stuff we can do some pretty cool ins
with this basketball goal but that is
not for this video I guess we're going
to be shooting around because it's
actually pretty fun even though we don't
play basketball and you're going to be
the designated recorder because you're
so you're so good at it
that's why three-pointer
so you can see we're dealing with a
problem here guys and if my mom was here
she'd say just shoot from there so the
tree is not in the way but we got to do
something about it so I think we're
gonna get the mattress and like jump up
and break it let's keep that mattress we
need to under us in case we fall
remember whenever we were on my dad's
trampoline winter we were like 12 and
you jumped up and grabbed hot oh yeah
yeah oh my god there's so many yeah I
don't know we might need a saw this is
like a weirdest tree ever and I don't
think it's going to snap rollin please
no we're gonna need a saw I think I saw
one earlier but the mattress is a good
like dismount things get a break just
jump told you that freaking thing snaps
going thanks Dylan so we had to go to
Walmart and we had to get this because
we didn't have a saw and my idea was not
going to work or else we got pull balsa
doesn't have those yet because people we
bought the house from did not have any
and we bought a little basketball for
trick shot since we're not strong enough
to throw it and make it you're going to
work hold on I'm holding on can I cut it
will take turns okay how are you let the
actual produce I'm taller Oh God we're
gonna have to move out of the way just
do it down here so it's like completely
out of the way from the whole thing
well yeah no just think about me so ugly
let's keep doing some clean cut so it's
not too ugly
alright here you call that clean you
call that clean this big stuff bro this
thing's will get stuck in the tree
you unplugged it good going Dylan God
give me let's get that one and that one
in the knowledge it was kind of funny
alright let's drag these gigantic
branches somewhere I don't even know
we're about done moving all these it's
getting a little bit darker Wow
are we going to sweep this yeah we need
to we also made some firewood so maybe
we will use the fire pit over there who
knows
my three points straight on a hairball
we are going to end this basketball
session with a trick shot from Dylan all
right guys it is now eleven o'clock and
I'm alone in the house again all my
friends and everyone has left me and
it's really weird and it makes me not
want to move out for a while I don't
like being completely alone it's just
kind of weird I think Dylan Quinn might
be coming back later but for now it's
just me and my McDonald and some Xbox so
basically me but without friends but I
guess that is basically it for this
video and I hope you guys enjoyed it a
blogger czar still doing really well you
guys still seem to like them so I'm
going to keep making the vlog and of
course I have a lot of other videos that
we're going to be making soon but for
now don't really like ensure their
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to you
and I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out
I normally point the camera at someone
and have them do the it ain't my fault
but I'm the only one so wait it ain't my
fault
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me sick fuck
