yo my room always does this I'll just be
chilling and then eventually the power
goes out in my room and nothing works it
always happens whenever my heater fans
on and then the fireplace and the TV and
everything then I got to go into the
weight room
try not to kick any boxes in the dark
got to walk over to this panel I'm
pretty sure it's 13 flipped it off and
on that should fix it yep and then like
it resets all my life but then my heater
fan should work again or not what did
going on guys today we are back and it's
Friday and it's st. Patrick's Day
apparently I didn't even know kind of
found out this morning but we're just
chillin just got my video done and let
me tell you guys how nice it is to have
a guitar here guitar that works I've
played so much it's probably it's bad I
tweeted this morning that I've started
playing video games again it's true I've
started playing video games again I used
to play them like every single day and
I've started to play again just because
it's something to get your mind off
things especially whenever you have like
a lot going on whenever you're playing
video games you just forget about
everything so as my power would come
back on I want to run to Walmart and I
want to get GTA 5 for the Xbox one
because I only have it for the 360 so I
can branch off from only playing guitar
hero in Call of Duty til they used to
play like every day and I'm not wearing
any green today I have a green knife but
that's it what did you get stabs on st.
Patrick's Day hello
dang and I wanted to go pinch people
everyone's going taylors until my mom's
going out to eat and my brother's at
work and I ordered a pair of shoes and
they're not in yet it's been like a week
I think they said one to two weeks and I
just want them because they look super
cool but they're taking forever to get
in tech yet it's still freaking nice up
just like in yesterday's vlog whenever
we were doing some sick basketball shots
and just kidding I hardly ever drive the
truck well I just went to gamestop and I
realized you have to be 17 to get GTA 5
and there was a guy walking in and I was
really tempted to be like hey I'll pay
you if you buy this for me but I'm just
going to wait and have my brother get it
for me that's such a stupid rule I don't
I don't get it it's fine no it's
actually not fine well I couldn't get my
game but I just saw the FedEx guy
driving away and I saw a package on our
front porch maybe my shoes came in and
it's not shoes ding
Thank You Chester you're welcome oh come
on yeah thank you mom and also thank you
mom in advance for getting me gta5
because I can't buy it myself don't buy
it
they were doing it for the Xbox 360 Xbox
one oh yeah I was about to ask a random
guy outside game shop if you'd let me if
he'd buy it for me because I was I just
wanted the game I'm literally going to
be 17 in like six months can I might
have it no less than six like four I'm
old
what you doing okay she just peed on the
floor then yet you're leaving nothing I
just had you outside why why do you do
this thank you if I could try to make
sure you know that right now what if I
could like name every character in the
game then can I buy it
how about that they should have that
rule at Gamestop I played this game when
I was 13 when it came out I was in
eighth grade and I played this every day
such bullcrap oh I forgot I just came to
get a thing forever to download why this
continues to install me and my mom are
going to well first we're going to play
we're going to put Luna in her kennel
good thing she sleeps most of time yeah
she always says that every time I figure
out shoes and we're going to run by the
PIO box again hopefully maybe there's
going to be a guitar there then I can
give Parris hers back you guys don't
know how addicted out yet you do know
how addicted I am to guitar through it
okay so what'd you just say I said I got
another call today on the old house
because somebody has it on Zillow for 16
someone put it on a house shopping
website for 69 million dollars when they
drove by our house and ran sounds the
carpet people to ask whose house it was
informing David my number
you know I don't even know why people
would want to live there that place is
one place is trashed
now it's but it's getting fixed in new
carpet getting put in it apartment all
the all the backyards getting power
Watson is that we have the power washing
backyard there's a lot of boxes but I
don't think any of them could fit a
guitar in them I just need to get in the
bath and start opening them and hoping
there's one that's like in like five
pieces or something okay I want to see
it I just went up we'll go back this is
the backdrop for our meet and greet now
it looks really cool I like it kind of
keratitis look at that Wow I'm excited
plus I'm in New York since sixth grade
so that'll be fun except I don't get to
go to KC nice that studio like tanner
fox did yeah they have green ice cream
today and catching this is Christmas
colors actually one thing I do know is
about the old house is driving down the
stair room to get to it every day okay
mom when can I show her a dress well
it's on Zillow you know oh yeah $19
everyone five is house it was ready for
the address that I've had to do so much
editing to cover up throughout the year
that I made videos here
yeah people figure it out actually left
it in like three videos so a lot of
people know about ready but that's an
Anna I posted an Instagram picture a
long time ago when I rearrange them to
say 2016 and then I said 2016 was lit or
something like that does smelling new
cause smells like a carpet store well
that's nice should we burn it now look
at your bathroom and a bathtub still
drove in a nice car next week okay
that's good they're still silly-string
in your shower well that um your is it
your shower the only stuff in mine
that's still here is my guitar and stuff
I don't even ought to play it if I play
enough guitar hero maybe I'll teach
myself this actually looks good maybe
maybe someone like living in here yeah
this is crazy bro oh the barn carpet is
gone everybody that was a freaking
monumental thing what else are we here
for a garden hose oh yeah we got to add
water to our hot tub apparently
according to the hot tub professionals
one of the people that said they want to
buy this house told my mom that we could
come back here in some videos sometimes
if we wanted to so I think we should
give it to them
you know something that I've always
wanted to do but I've always been too
scared to do a backflip on the diving
board and land back on the diving board
that's super scary actually guys my mom
just told me something and I just
realized it we don't have a diving board
at the new house that means that
trampoline have to go next to it so
should we open the pool look at it
there's some if you don't know how bad I
want to jump in I miss this pool I
haven't even seen our pool yet in the
new house having looked inside of it
it's still pretty clear I mean it's
dirty obviously but all right open it up
the rest away yeah I got to catch this
stuff
be on it try not to fall in got it who
got him
Wow look at this thing is it freezing
telling me that I mean it's really cool
yeah it's really cool oh yeah it's
freezing what'd you get like a foot
under put your hand in a foot under holy
crap I was going to jump in but it's too
cold I fell to the first I was like yeah
maybe I could jump in now I'm like no no
what source is going to happen you're
gonna fall in ice-cold water
in other words it's gonna happen I win
the fighting on the button alright guys
I'm going to try to prepare to do a
backflip on top of the diving board
laying back on it I got to make sure I
can land with my feet closed because
look there's only like 2 inches on both
sides unless it land with my feet closed
which I would start on the dirt and land
back on it I'd probably do it yeah I
think you can oh so scared I've thought
about doing this for years I've never
done it ah only a foot up and I'm not
even afraid of falling in the freezing
cold pool I'm afraid of breaking my
ankle on the side now that one you want
to bit on front and I want a little bit
in the pool 3 2 1 yeah sweet now you're
on do it again no now I just want to do
more closely one more photos come
feeling alright last cliff I'm going to
do in this backyard you guys ready you
know I'll probably be back that's
probably a lie oh well you by you
freezing cold pool that I had tons of
memories in mom yeah Bart trampoline on
your nose hi rose what's up hi hey okay
give that back what are you doing eh oh
it's got slobber all over we're taking
my shoes I know their Crocs and the
hideous and you have the right but still
their money can i play GTA 5 now
yeah whenever I used to play this game
people just shoot me and be mean to me
but now that people know my gamertag and
they watch my videos like this guy's
giving me a free ride on his bike and
everyone just comes up to me on the
server and then just stares well this is
so fun I'm literally riding with a fan
right now hello
only one sniping with that
know what I found nothing like Tanner
they don't believe it's me whatever fun
hi guys so I'm still playing it's like
midnight no not the Kanekalon I'm on
okay fans let me have the car look at
this unreal there's a ramp right there
we span let me have it sparks like you
let me drive it
check this out I'm up off the ground
this thing is a rocket launcher on the
back of it dude I'm high cranium and
look at that you got a freaking rocket
on the back of it yo we're going over
the building room whoever's car this is
thank you because I'm broke and I had to
restart my character so I have no money
and look at that Sun when you landed on
it on I just expect the flow going that
first time literally meeting up with
fans on here so fun because they all
give me their fun stuff that I can't
afford yet are you using your fin I'm
sure I'm doing parkour and I die okay
whatever okay guys well I'm going to
keep playing this dress tonight this is
going to be my evening so I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog and don't really
believe like enjoy friends be enjoyed
subscribe to noon and I'll see you guys
in next one peace out peace out m1 said
in the comments it ain't my fault
getting old it's Vegas all but it's not
like all of it is
you came in looking like that you just
made me
