hmm what video am I going to film today
wait what video did I come yesterday oh
crap everyone's going to think I'm gay I
completely forgot what are some things
only straight people do I got it here
I'll get rose and we'll sit in front of
the fireplace that's a manly straight
guy thing to do
yeah okay she's too fat hi what's next
let me grab a hoodie real quick yeah
this isn't going to work
screw it I'm going to go with the dirty
shirt hi oh let's go ah yes ping pong
I'll just hit it - my posters are almost
like a girl that that's great as you can
get right see that I suck oh here's one
trampoline tricks of course oh forgot
trampolines are gay whatever there's
gotta be something else let me just
throw on some shoes oh yes these are my
new croc oh wait those are the
definition of gay that's that's the
problem
slides it is running down the stairs and
look what we got hey we got a basketball
I need to take it out of the package all
right fan you ready to see some sick
basketball tricks only straight people
can play basketball and that's a known
fact ballin ballin doing this is my
collar
tell them I'm not gay he's not I promise
does everybody think you are not could
you do that video I haven't posted a
video yeah I just thought this would be
funny no what is going on guys today we
are back and I don't really know what
the intro to this video was but I don't
know I wanted to mix up the intro but
hey look we got a basketball this
morning and I have my vehicle parked in
the garage
alright now I got to do a shot to redeem
myself show you guys I'm actually pretty
good ready sick comeback but yeah a
little clarification on the last video
that was like the most uncomfortable
video I've ever made i sat there next to
my brother while he did my makeup for
like 45 minutes so by the end of it I
was like sick of it but we're back today
with another vlog and it's actually
really nice out it was kind of chilly
the last couple days but now it's like
perfect weather out and I'm about to
make this sick shot or put a dent in
your car and I come back in from filming
that skit and I'd only have one cross so
where is it I wonder who took it who
where could it be a suspect number one
ah there it is why you and Rose always
take my shoes you never chew him up or
you just take him why why do you do that
it was funny last night I didn't come
home for a while and she just sat in my
room and was whimpering my mom told me
so she loves me the most well I love you
except for when you poop in my for three
times a night I'll have to replace my
carpet once you potty trained this is
like the designated dog area from the
old house out of all the places in this
house they all chill here and they make
their mess here and right now I want you
guys to leave a comment of your favorite
type of video of mine because the vlogs
I've been making lately has been doing
insane like everyone loves them but I
can be like mostly daily vlogs as you
guys want and be like once a week P o
box openings maybe one challenge week I
don't know but do like mostly vlogs so
leave a comment down below of what you
guys want to see with the new house it's
like super easy to vlog and I like
vlogging it's really fun so if that's
what you guys want to see I would
definitely do that and I just cannot
wait for the summer when we can open the
pool and like use our backyard more so
yeah let me know country boy mo video or
my go to
well and if you guys were wondering I
actually did order Crocs off Amazon I
did it as a joke because if you guys
watch on my videos you know Paris wears
Crocs and I make fun of her so I got
them just because it was funny right now
I'm about to head to Paris his mom's
house I don't think I've talked about
this at all but Paris's mom actually
just had a baby like three days ago so I
want to go over and see the baby again I
saw it last night and maybe I'll use
that baby for a life of a teenage dad's
get one day that'd be funny and I got
the best idea ever for the indoor foam
pit video like it is the best idea and I
don't know if it's going to happen yet
we are trying to make it happen it would
be ruining our house a little bit our
living room so it's it may be right now
but I've talked to my mom about it and
we might do it that's why I haven't made
the indoor foam pit video yet because I
want to see if we can get this done
first and I'm not going to tell you guys
what it is yet I kind of want to
surprise you if it can happen but it
would be like perfect hi this is the
baby room yeah I don't know how to put
clothes on it hi her teddy bears just as
big as the one I got you
twinsies anyways are so tiny one up
gonna be our whole entire drawer just
for fun I hope we have a boy so I get to
dress it I can use your baby for
clickbait alright no still look back on
day no-one's happening right now
so that cheese crop crop like mighty buy
just like you o messenger bye mama well
you get that blanket yeah damn a good
pattern like you do you like yeah
good morning all right afternoon oh good
girl
she's done doing a fit - kinda don't
care I don't got him guys
he's only day three of her life so yeah
but you know what I'm seeing right now
she has two Xbox 360 guitar hero
controller I'm gonna take one till I get
one in fan mail deal deal are you ready
to watch me play guitar here the rest
today kidding kind of all right we'll
set it right here so the dogs can take
in - later today
history will be made Guitar Hero might
actually work since you complained a lot
last time you recorded look at this this
guitar work this is everything I ever
wanted always hung do I want the only
bad thing about this guitar is the
whammy bar is broken by I could care
less the buttons work that's all that
matters
I'll be going away there
there's always hair in my mouth from
that freakin beanbag
I don't like it anyways I'm gonna take a
break for a little bit but you guys know
how I have this bean bag right and
there's supposed to be a second one on
the way it should be here by now well we
found out the actual bean bag the
insides are not coming yet so we have to
wait a little bit while longer for that
but I do have the cover and look at it
you ready to feel offices
this is elk fur on the feel right now
sure well I did that looking root Rose
might blend in with this actually a
little bit but it's so soft is it way
better than this
I cannot wait but for now I get to sit
in this box because I don't have an
actual bean bag to put inside of it
Milind Digital decided to show up and
we're about to do some sick basketball
trick shots cos you know what else to do
and it's nice house so show us something
and don't hit the tree I was sick Luna
you got to go in the backyard watch this
guy you put it in she's like nope she
doesn't run away though we put her in
the backyard all the time with roses she
usually just hangs out Oh should we drag
one of the trampolines over here we
could do this instead c'mere Dylan this
isn't my bed at the old house so what
we're doing this we're going to put it
under the basketball goal hey watch out
look now you can really dumb bro ah yo
go go go I'll jump over the mattress
okay
Oh ready yeah good oh wow she's right
Oh what have been better with it
oh yeah probably how you can tell oh my
dad well hopefully here is trim she
convinced into it yeah alright guys
welcome to our indoor foam pit we
finally got it done oh my gosh that's so
sick and you know I was talking about
earlier in this video there's going to
be something like maybe happening
that'd be a surprise well I mean here it
is it's pretty sick let's do this side
foot maybe Teddy cyclists yeah but I
remember some to my opposite side very
go far I think I'll do it that's enough
indoor foam pit we'll do the actual one
someday
what do you say rose already been on it
yeah I think we can do it mom what do
you think we took the blue trampoline
and we put it right here so we could
jump off your balcony and then go into
the pool I don't know if we'll rip it or
not it's not that big yeah guess what
we're about to do mom we're about to
even walk across the new pool cover
well Rose can ya know if Rose can walk
across the old one that means we can
she's pretty fast I don't know how much
water is in there and how there already
was a hole I'm doing it what if I fall
for you see look how much it's dirty if
there's not much water in there I'll
just roll across it so I go down the
slide No did you say yes I said no this
is sick there's some water over here
look look at me and go yeah I'm not
trying to die today I was actually kind
of scary why is there more water over
there then right here I swear there is
we got to think of sick trampoline spots
there's like no room over here for a
trampoline into the deep end so we're
gonna have to jump off there and they go
like diagonal or we're going to hit the
side so you approve of my foam pit idea
right yes what choice do I have
anyway well guys we're going to play
some some nazi zombies and then I'm
going to kick them off the Xbox and play
my guitar hero hi hi but yeah that is
basically for this video and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you guys so
much for watching still really like and
share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to you and I'll see you guys
the next one okay do the laser for the
it a my fault hey dancing my thought you
came in looking like that you just made
me
