what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day it is the day after
Christmas and I'm kind of just setting
up my gifts right now well this gift was
to myself I did not put it in the
Christmas luggage they by the way if you
missed it go check it out obviously I'm
pretty sure it's the best Christmas blog
we've ever made so make sure you don't
miss it
yeah went to Best Buy and I was like hey
give me your best freaking computer like
I want the fastest gaming one so I could
play guitar hero custom songs and they
were like hey here's this so I spent a
lot of money is on this it's got a
little um tiger lion mole-rat I don't
know then I had to go buy a disc adapter
I'm trying to get it all set up right
now it's just not really working hi
Jennifer camera lady that's all you are
because Logan isn't here Logan I think
of you as more than a camera man I think
of you as a yeah yeah and my family's
coming over for family Christmas on my
mom's side everything that you guys saw
yesterday in the vlog was on my dad's
side the whole family's coming over to
our house and we're just gonna open
gifts and do Christmas stuff so I got
this in the mail this morning
it's from snapchat I don't know what it
is I guess we'll open it up right now
last year I only got a snapchat from
them like everybody else gets and then
it just says this has some weight to it
what is it whenever I went to the
snapchat headquarters they said I might
be getting something for Christmas so
that's pretty cool oh that is cool no
way this thing is ice cold cuz it's been
outside I don't know how it's not frozen
so it's moving really slow right now
it's a snapchat snow globe snappy
holidays haha he's actually cool it's
going in was there anything else oh wow
they even got my size thank you snapchat
pays to be verified on snapchat haha
there's only a thousand in the world
that are I'm pretty dope there's so much
more stuff that I have to get out of the
back of my brother's truck from
yesterday and this is all that I've
brought in so far new suitcase hey yeah
if you wanna go on a trip I could
probably fit you in that suitcase the
main objective of today I think
Quentin's coming over later we've got to
set up that bathroom in the Attic
there's like a chair I got yesterday if
you watch the vlog it's like a camping
chair but it has a toilet seat on it and
it has like a little armrest and then a
cup holder pretty cool if any of you
guys know computer stuff let me know why
whenever I hit next on this and try to
set it up
oh so Daffy starting dope that's awesome
now I get it download custom songs and
I'll just be a happy teenager
yeah I can live stream to my YouTube
audience and that'd be a lot of fun I
don't know oh wait their computers
started using the Windows installation
media remove the installation media why
would I do that I just put it in like it
needs it to freakin upload the stuff
tells me to take out the disk I take out
the disk and then I says you don't have
a disk in I'm like you just told me to
take it out this is why I have a MacBook
okay screw you Steve Jobs wait other way
around hey guess what we're using today
let's go see if we can goof some people
got your grandmother hello Mary Leigh
Christmas yeah this is my thing I hid
when people get too close Oh guess what
fake instruments and this is nothing new
but it's almost dark and we're just
starting the vlog so that's cool but
before it gets completely dark we are
going to do the coldest start my r8 has
never gotten 14 degrees super windy I
don't know if this is good for it but I
want to go on a ride she wants ice cream
I kinda want ice cream that's my car
cover we're gonna put that on whenever
we get back I'm gonna use it as a tripod
right now
by the way I put on the snapchat sure it
looks pretty cool
look at the cloud
if that family I see guys this is
Brooklyn and this is Michaela and this
is the rest of her family
that's Garrett Montana and her boyfriend
and then my aunt now I think we might as
well get your reaction even though
you've been in this before yeah dude I
complain a lot about whenever it's cold
and stuff but it is cold now we're gonna
have to warm up the car bad guys it is
it's struggling if you guys are
wondering why Logan's not here right now
it's cuz you just went to Minnesota to
go to a doctor or see a new doctor about
his blood clots and stuff like that I
don't think he has a surgery or anything
soon but you just had to go there so he
can't partake in the shenanigans
speaking of shenanigans night
shenanigans will be occurring on
December 31st again this year no matter
what even though Quinton and I might be
going to California tomorrow Tanner when
you're editing this just put in yes or
no I'll know by then
oh my caller just said a copper was near
so I'm not gonna speed
scum
the innocent can never last wake me up
when September
there's ice cream coming out the side
hurry eat it it if you're about to
comment what I think you're about to
comment from her doing that just just
don't all right we're gonna make this
quick because it is actually freezing oh
it's red and gray this is dope and it's
warm inside bit it's like a big blanket
oh God
Oh God blue like
news comes out fast wake me up
when September
this literally looks like a Christmas
present I mean it was one but I mean
like you know what I mean you can go
inside I know you're freezing
thank you mom Tristan let me see the
baby mr. baby what do babies like to
hear dogs like to hear
oh she smiled my guys my grandpa brought
a new projector over and we're in the
movie room
stars
two hours later I'm still working on
getting this computer to work we're
gonna head upstairs right now because
working to open it yes oh and when I was
talking about la I was talking about
going to a Travis Scott concert which I
don't really care to go to I was texting
Courtin about it leaking our text
messages part two I said plane tickets
for nine hundred dollars a person he
said he not worth it I said I know to be
in a crowded Airport he said unless you
want Travis Kelce wiener I really don't
and I said you're such a goober then he
said ha true and there is way too many
other people here to say all the names
so here's a pan of the room oh and
there's rose rose is cute
so we got a snapchat from Logan and he's
saying that he wants to be in the Attic
well guess what it's 14 degrees out
there buddy
yes best Christmas present ever
no kidding okay guys here is a very
important part of this vlog Jennifer is
about to see my zombie face for the
first time none of you have ever seen it
I don't know if you ever well maybe
maybe someday but right now are you
ready hey we're seen in a million times
oh yeah I can literally go up to anybody
on the street and be like you want to
have an ugly face contest and then
they'd probably be like hi you win and
I'd be like how a good one but do you
want to have an actual one and then they
do it not win because it is ugly
remember this is an old picture don't
look at me any different so Taylor first
oh my god in 3 2 1 I know I'm an ugly
bastard you know what I'm gonna show the
block a little bit of the face there you
go guys that's all you get to see
there's my neck rolls but you can use
your imagination for the rest oh my god
guys I finally it's working yeah I do my
old computer password used to be
interred look at all these discs I went
through to try to get it to work and
finally I'm a computer whiz dude I
showed her my zombie face today should I
address some comments about her okay so
Taylor needed her friends if she's
moving in that's why they cleared out
the beanbag room yeah yeah got that fast
Wi-Fi but look how sensitive this mouse
is well study here by trending the place
I never get into ha touch it this much
and now it's in the top right corner you
can't even see it this mouse is messed
up he's moving his hand we put it on
fast that wasn't even all the way fast I
was about half speed and he can't evict
a leg good thing when I bought this it
came with another Mouse and came with a
keyboard how's it coming back there
cutie well I'm carpeting it
it's no one decent we're clearing out
behind the curtain to make sure it's all
clear for the bathroom because exactly
the walkway is not that sturdy hi
welcome to MT crib MTV Cribs we have the
carpet walkway oh wow
so sturdy and then not enough carpet for
here wait wait wait wait does not is
that all you setup that's all there is
oh my god no no no I got a chair in
everything oh you got a chair - I didn't
see that okay well just saw the bucket
this is test one oh so we have the
bucket right it's the weight so you pee
in that bag and there's a ziploc bag
underneath so that's how that doesn't
stink and then I got an old piece of
wood and a piece of wood to weigh it
down Wow you have the toilet paper
holder dude I bought a chair and it has
a cup holder and everything and it has a
toilet seat on it let's go get it there
we go it's coming slowly but surely JEP
dude I am hype look at this setup we got
here guys I mean it's kind of gross but
it's pretty cool the attic is basically
outdoors ok the smell will go away
sit on it a little bit test it out oh
yeah your people drive right in the
center of the bucket yes dude you just
get done
I don't want stands open they get done
yeah take it off that's nice dude this
is a good toilet so now we got the
Febreze in the cup holder
oh that's the nasty Febreze myzel nup
might as well not even spray it so I'm
just chillin I'm you know on my phone
whatever Wi-Fi is pretty bad up here I
do what I do when I normally use the
restroom oh cool you grab yourself
toilet paper blah blah are those pecans
yeah they're doing some the first time
we started he also brought raisins why
those two then you shake them up a
little bit and let the Febreze vac close
the lid and you're in business
except it's freezing cold and until we
get this place insulated I don't want to
be up here very long so we're gonna go
inside I'm probably gonna go to bed I'll
pick up the vlog in the morning because
I have to show you guys something on my
computer it should be done by then
oh man baby by the end of the land
the land ocean man can you see through
the wonder of amazement at the ogre man
yes I can play any Guitar Hero song I
want and it only cost me like $2,000
guys this is what I'm gonna be doing
like all day I hope I can be live
streaming on YouTube very soon because I
want to live stream this to you guys
have you guys request songs and then
maybe I won't have to upload every
single day because sometimes it makes me
want to die I'm gonna try to get that
figured out but we're gonna go ahead and
in this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching and don't like at earth print
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys
you just maybe
