this is gonna be a mess I'm just gonna
tell you now oh well I bought a bed
cover so that's good really excited to
do this though we're gonna make you look
fantastic
okay I'm ready hey now let's get a look
I need to have I need to be able to see
all your forehead you can have that on
this thing covers the red thing anyway
the makeups going to cover it because
your girl I get makeup on the inside of
my hand probably hunting it what is
going on guys today we're back and I'm
with my brother and I've been doing like
a lot of blogs lately and a lot of like
crazy type videos so I want to do a
video where I just sit down and just do
something a little bit different because
I miss doing videos like this and I also
tweet out you know what do you guys want
to see I want to do a video with my
brother asked if he should do my makeup
or if I should teach him a backflip and
I thank the backflip on one but why are
we doing it because I just don't really
want to not right now we might do that
one another day but the pole is pretty
closed anyway so we're going to go ahead
and do this I think this will be funnier
and I wanted my makeup done I'm going to
get Paris in like an hour
well I'm leaving it on do it would be
prettier than her and this video a lot
views because he looks really gay today
so then like it'll be like gay brother
and I'll have to put gay in the title
they're just kind of obvious okay my
goodbyes are right now oh my god a
serial he will see my thumbnails and
they still feel they need to ask I'm
like yes any people saw asked me I
thought it was obvious I don't know
anything about makeup and he knows like
everything about makeup I know enough I
don't know anything Gucci that's the
same as my cologne back there on my
nightstand yeah this is not colonial
this is something that will make your
skin ready for makeup but its primer
okay and I'll know if that is I'm ready
this okay I'm going to be touching your
face a lot look at me it's slimy having
fun do you do this every day no okay
good that should be good enough so I
just push your face alone that I really
know how to feel about it I remember
last time I got makeup on my face was me
and Quentin messed with each other's
after a challenge I'm pretty sure and he
like druid
winner oh yeah I couldn't get it off I
couldn't get it off at all it took
forever I have really good makeup wipes
to go come on
okay I promise next we're going to go in
with foundation I'm just sure we're
about the same skin tone so everyone on
our family's hella pale so it not be a
problem elder
I put my hat on you know you can't put
it all never Oh what is that foundation
chill boy set a sponge yes it's a Beauty
Blender look at me
you have to like look at me wait is the
golden look good or to look stupid I'm
going to try to make you look good stop
looking at the camera i covering up this
thing is going to be like hell on earth
Paris's fault what she do her braces to
my face oh it's what is it no I was it
probably should have shaved whatever
yeah there's a lot of liquid on my face
I feel like Queen Elizabeth alright next
we're gonna go on with concealer we're
going to get rid of the freaking
darkness that's under your eyes see
those videos we're like they do like to
try and close under their face we're
doing that I've never seen this is
really hard to do because it's a really
awkward angle wow I just like stab you
in the eye yeah with a sponge somehow
pain is beauty are you getting rid of
that big red thing I'm trying up but
it's like is it leaving or no no I want
to see it close-up I look like a
mannequin what the hell are going for
like mannequin esque today you're going
to look fake
okay I feel like I was like a vampire
next we're going to well what should we
do next I don't know what hey do you
want to use no climate that was the
darkest water you tell me well I use
balance ooh we're going to use that
police element you have a small forehead
compared I'm not going to pee
Thanks they cover in my beard no I don't
really know what I'm doing to find that
jawline a bit you know absolutely a
contouring brush but we're gonna make it
one today ooh there we go this is smells
pretty oh my god I think that's way too
dark
holy fuck I can't even Bailey's I do my
god it looks so much lighter right here
Holy Mother of God why did you do it I
mean you're blending now okay i'll
bloonan once down I can't I can't help
you look at me much better
hey human turns yeah
okay stay there Verna relax our lips are
really close and it's not okay right now
you're welcome it does look too bad does
it i like gaming on the solid jaw my
gosh if any of you out there like beauty
gurus watching this and my technique is
like literally making you cringe i
apologize in advance because it's even
do it all myself both on him it's really
weird i wonder how many of my
subscribers our beauty gurus well you
know my buddy subscribed a night just
like strolling across this video i drew
what's that alright contours done my red
thing gone huh almost you only like dr.
chrissy we're on our lifetime
translucent powder so good rice do not
oh that's all oh my god it's snowing my
gosh this is so bad for your shirt right
now I feel plastic good I got on my
shirt
look at me you not open your eyes and
how am I supposed to look at you how do
you look you look good from identities
Quinn your eyes really our next brow you
look really sick eyebrows already
Wow look at me but you gotta look at me
she looks at camera okay look at me it's
moving I let you know over there are you
chewing on look at how do your brows
look they're really Brown they're really
Brown
cuz I mean it's your shade of brown woah
you're looking good I'm actually kind of
impressed I was like eye shadow on you
you're not supposed to beam down there
are some really bomb colors in here oh
hey if I remember linkage channels in
the description if you guys want to go
subscribe you better remember I just
looked at myself in snapchat and I look
scarier than I do I think I need a
contour you more like in the forehead
and nose
did it make permanent makeup yeah people
really just tattoo it on your face I'm
not even kidding
so I'd be easier than doing this every
day now what colors do you want it like
what what kind of look do you want let's
match my shirt you want to match the
shirt sure swallow maybe for that
oh god these names are so inappropriate
reddish military poison swallow charm
stay forth she's eating my foot she's
eating my sock I don't like this oh my
god Luna alright so you want to go on
you want to do swallow yes that's going
to be your face color
what does that mean well it's wall I
mean do I swallow it did you put it on
my tongue mama you're gonna look like a
hooker like wow my eyes blue more of an
indigo okay we're back to blue in this
bill in here I do not know we've been
putting makeup on my face for 23 minutes
how are we really holy SH this takes a
lot of time for use it for those of you
who don't ever do your makeup like it's
a process okay look at me should we do a
Kay look at me montage okay look at me
probably because you make me sing a lot
should I go out try to get a date for
this video we're going to go on with
expensive from the beauty killer palette
because it's really pretty and sparkly
and I want your eyes glitter clothes
right yes ma'am whoa I'm really blue now
I can already it's not a swallow a type
of bird it is maybe the guy who made
this makeups talking about the bird no
he's definitely not talking about the
birth I like the way I look in the end
does that mean I'm gay whoa we're
getting there this is really we don't I
look like the girls off avatar last
airbender that were like like van little
fans are like you don't like freaking
like sokka's girlfriend yeah okay we're
gonna go in with frosting now we're just
going to like add some lightness to that
see you I'm fuckin frosting yeah
absolutely on the cake oh that looks so
good
does that mean I'll fit in at school
probably not Wow we know where we live
oh yeah we let me canvass Africa if you
want to be like if I went to LA I'd be
killing it I'd be slaying the day girls
no I do have blue lipstick blue lipstick
let's do it we have abused and we have
breakfast at tiffany's too like this
one's kind of like I don't want to be
abused or have breakfast this is me
while you're picking one of them that
one matches my shirt one on my
leadership lip scrub what is that roses
watching now we have a new audience
member oh my god it's gonna be so hard
to do on you your lips are so small hey
shut up your mouth oh my god stop
talking brother I played out Panda I
need to swallow like the bird dude it
matches my shirt
it tastes like play-doh too like don't
eat it I feel like playing whoo my teeth
what else do I have to do I'm are we
close we're almost done okay we're going
to do highlighter a rose you have a new
owner his name is Tanner I just said I
was trying to do a bad so if it turned
out bad and you know would be surprised
now it's time for the lashes are you
ready mascara I know what that is you're
not gonna be able to move oh my god
you just move oh my god getting on your
eyeshadow no look open your eyes open
them your mascara is just going to be
very scary that's not good I think we're
done so we're going to put some setting
spray just a little laughs water it was
that close right I'd say thanks but I
don't know if I want to
how did you knock we gotta make it we
gotta get to some no well guys there you
have a shot you do a backflip with all
this on I look like a fabulous vampire I
don't want to put my hat on but yeah
guys I guess that is it for this video
because yeah we did my makeup and I mean
he did I didn't do anything I got told
to look around I got older look at you
like eight times
look at me look at me okay look the
other way other way other way
look at me look the other way look at me
so it makes look at me look at me great
you look at me okay look at me against
Wikimedia look at me look at me state
look at me do you have to look at me
okay look at me look at me look at me
like straight on quick look up look
don't move your head up but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and thank you
guys so much for watching comment down
below what we should do next - like
challenges with my siblings and my
family and stuff because I don't only
want to do vlogs even though I do like
making the vlogs and I know a lot of you
guys like them I want to do more stuff
of course so yeah I leave a comment down
below and thank you guys so much for
watching this video don't forget to
leave like enjoys friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for you know you are the next
one
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
