well look at my hair looks just like
sticking straight out my Wow yeah you
look fun he's dressed like a bum now
that I don't work bro hold up this shirt
matches a hat I got yesterday and this
hat gets rid of this red red thing
on my forehead but I sold you guys mouth
yeah look the Hat gets rid of it so I
like the Hat I don't think oh god okay
stop making fun of me what are you going
on guys today we are back and I don't
know what this video is going to be
about I think it might be another vlog
but today I just sat down with my mom
and I was watching youtube videos it
just seems like everyone's going out and
doing fun stuff and I realized we
haven't traveled anywhere in a while
it's been what I probably a month since
la month an ass
month and a half we haven't been
anywhere in a month and a half and
before that New York trip longer but now
I don't want to go explore New York um
we already did that we want to go
somewhere fun again and we were trying
to think of like where that would be at
as much as I love being at this house I
want to go do something else so we're
trying to figure out where we want to go
and I'm like white one of the best
reason of my life was last May and she
took us to Hawaii so we're like you know
we need to go back to Hawaii so we're
going to see how much you would cost to
go on like short notice because that
would just be amazing and I want to vlog
again like the Hawaii videos I made last
time we were there I just love them so
much I still watch them we have to go to
slam at the Mantis I think mantis the
manta rays the big scary and I mean we'd
have to part with dago's for a little
bit oh you're on camera oh yeah we a
four we got this dog my mom made me call
my grandma and make sure that she dog
sit for us for a little bit if we ever
needed it so it can't be that hard to
take care of her right yeah why are you
not here she pees on the floor speaking
of the floor my floor still dirty and I
just wouldn't got the vacuum we'd have
to do like a bathtub here box opening in
Hawaii ah we're gonna have to have such
a cool hotel room oh yeah we'll just
bring some fan mail we'll pack some fan
mail in our bag kidding oh they got to
work I'm scared to vacuum because I
don't know what that dog's going to do
and she's sleeping kind of me but I
really want to vacuum
just ignore it okay hey not sure I like
it
where'd you get it I got it from my
drawer I'll run that one down there
oh yeah right on that's my drawer full
of random stuff he looks better than you
Oh bull I got it for mine
this is new apparently we just got a
picture up but I hatched an idea I
haven't been taking very many Instagram
pictures lately I sometimes vlog
whenever I do it I realize hadn't taken
very many in the new house and I thought
do you guys know this thingy it's pretty
big and I want to get up there and we
have the ladder in our living room from
the 24-hour trampoline challenge I kind
of get up there for an Instagram picture
I've already taken a picture in the only
other cool spot which is this love it I
need a right on this basement 1 to 10
yeah you heard it here first ready
no I already thought of the spot ready
for what Instagram picture are we going
to take it requires a ladder should we
hold this yeah I'll endure a lot of bad
luck in this you're going to get all the
way in well check that I good you're
good houses that wasn't so hard was it
I know da we could never be firemen ah
how fast the buildings bring my mom's
right that might be decorative and it
might not be able to hold me all right
should we move it closer handbag that
looks good ok bye bye tenna it might be
bye forever ok it seems kind of sturdy
Oh someone I'm scared to jump down here
oh okay it's not Hollow that's good
looking at the inside so who's coming up
here to take this Quentin you're gonna
have to move the ladder out of the way
because it will look less cool wow that
will be so hard
Oh watch out watch out whatever no no
you not hit that car this is bad idea
bad idea bad idea
you said Logan Oh oh I scared me so much
dude what the heck the snipers aren't up
here that we hired why we're thinking I
don't know there are even higher snipers
up there oh they're on the roof
- stand on that thing do I look cute
look kill backflip so we're gonna jump
down or what what your camera yeah my
camera all right now we got to take
something from down there alright girls
come here there you go
tell me wins go no it's okay the Sun is
right my eyes if I don't like the spot
do you look the Sun is right in my
eyeballs they are high thumbnail OMG
what are you doing oh okay come on
Oh hug oh don't hold me off I just
wanted a hug can we get down without a
ladder no no that'd be a good prank
well don't lean it you ready hold on I
got it yeah I ain't gonna bend in no I
ladder was a lot more safe well because
it's the inside lab you reregulate want
that back yeah you like that yeah will I
go too bro
oh whoa we're venturing look we have a
bridge is the play button still here
that we didn't clean up and this is why
we can't listen little dog outside
she'll just jump right through that I'm
going to hop over this fence and I want
to go check on the trampolines because
sometimes the holes will get bigger when
it's cold out and it's kind of cold out
right now because if you guys didn't
know in trampoline versus gold play
button we made a hole in the trampoline
at the corner of that play button the
hold of this one's still pretty small
where's it it there it is what about
this one
now I've stayed about the same I'm
scared to jump on this one I think it's
going to rip completely I don't know
maybe it will Oh almost is something
right there not okay alright now that
that is over I'm about to go pick up
Paris from her house it's always hard
getting out of here because I park here
we don't even use our garages yet but my
trucks back and then Quentin in them
always Park like that so it's going to
be quite the challenge we don't use them
yet because we don't have the garage
door openers hooked up like this one
doesn't even work
and I had some people asking like since
I moved how far is like the drive to go
get Paris and it's like 20 minutes now
it used to be like 5 so it's like a lot
of driving and I run out of gas faster
see
yes I now by pretty open road so you can
go pretty quick
and I actually enjoyed the drive oh yeah
I get a blast my Justin Bieber all the
songs over I get a blast much faded by
Allen Walker oh and I forgot to tell you
guys we have a new trampoline on the way
I talked about this a long time ago but
it should be here within two weeks or so
and what what trick are you into doing
brought back
logback what does that sound like we
think log back behind like four or four
what
yeah because it's back wait four in a
row or like four in one jump now no
foreign one jump up copper better than a
few minutes and why didn't you say and
in that phone case of yours glares in my
face all the time
see oh my god hi Perry guess what grab
there with your problem I'm not touching
it I'm not touch it
hurry grab it we're going to crash oh
you better hold on to my grandma's dress
the way home all the other like we got
to make it we gotta make it
dammit we're good okay thank you I'm not
grabbing I'm not gonna hey you're
swerving in with the ride away Emily I'm
putting on the blanket joining left I'll
slow down
no more as your laughs that's where we
do right here
I know go back into the left okay junior
out there you go we got to go slow in my
neighborhood I'm scared the neighbors
are going to hate me like my old ones
did cuz I always used to speed out of my
neighborhood tell me if I need to slow
down by the way okay not stop making my
girlfriend Drive hey eyes on the road
I'm gonna reckon this trip no you grab
another wrong yo take take it real slow
i watch out for my brother's car like
this no man is something on your truck a
snowman
good job wow you're learning to drive
you said there was a snowman on the back
of my truck I guess that doesn't really
suit me
hold on let's add on to it turning it I
was going to do wait wait look over here
there's some actual smell I'm not
kidding look it's not-- a little bit
it's not there it's sand actually okay
guys my mom just came downstairs and we
are currently looking at the new apparel
that's going to be released and it's
going to be we're going to shoot for
April 1st we don't know if that's going
to be the actual date they are amazing
looking and we're actually going to be
making a backdrop for the meet and
greets as well with some of the designs
that the team made for us that's my
favorite jacket right there holy we even
have a shirt that says it ain't my fault
hold up hold up a little bit of who
likes the jacket come on whose could
this be it literally smells just like
you oh no no no I just
it was familiar it actually smells like
her do you like my basement though yeah
I worked hard on it
to be prepared food faces everything you
know I'll get a poster with your face
but oh my gosh why we work so hard
no no stay down say do you think cricket
I know it's crooked crooked wanna play
some ping-pong
I call this side for no reason all over
stop it now handle it is there it was
two things I should photoshop a ball we
just do this and we act like we're good
I'm gonna get a POV
hi oh okay I'm pretty sure happen close
from okay guys it is that time a night
we got to sit in my taco bed and we're
going to watch The Walking Dead because
we missed the episode we always watch it
together and I'm keeping this jacket on
so yeah guys I hope you enjoyed this
video hello what I was doing that yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave all I could share
this bunch of you enjoyed subscribe can
you
what's next hold on and I'll see you
guys in the next so wow you know you
have to do this oh you have to do the
peace sign first one two three
peace hey we supposed to say it at peace
I don't watch it you're going to
embarrass me in front of it out whenever
I take out one two three TV so I didn't
say get peace out
my life you came in looking like that
you just maybe
