Wow maluna hey get off my hey let go
okay go here this is all they do
whenever I edit what is going on guys
today we are back and I need to empty my
trunk real quick and then I'm going to
be heading back to the post office and I
have one goal in mind and that is to
find a Guitar Hero guitar hopefully
someone sent one but I got to move this
so I have room for all the stuff and
then I'm going to be going back to the
old house for a little bit you guys
haven't seen the whole house completely
empty yet like there's no furniture or
anything it's pretty crazy so we'll stop
by and I'll show you guys that thank you
for choosing student so now when you're
ready can I have a small strawberry
smoothie thank you anything else thought
of it had to stop by scooters real quick
because I mean I hardly ever go back to
this town but Tristan what hi my
smoothie thank you so long Joe bye I
haven't been to this post office since
we moved I think my mom might have
picked up mail one time they probably
hate me he's probably a lot shuffle
around backer
okay it might be bad okay thank you
alright guys we are here at the old
house and for some reason I'm still like
scared to show the address we don't even
live here but it's just like imprinted
in my head to not show any addresses
my mom hired someone to help us like
clean out our garage it's never looked
this organized ever but yeah what's
walking in oh my gosh see this is the
garage sale pile I guess they're doing
like a garage sale and they were giving
it away I don't know but I know that's
like the getting rid of pile I don't
know why there's table setup but here's
like the parts of my waterbed remember
these these went along the side of my
waterbed half of the stuff is mine and
just from my closet oh my gosh it's
weird because this feels small like this
kitchen feels small now since we've been
living in the new house like everything
feels closer to me but I'm just not used
to it anymore it's the microwave that
shuts off the Wi-Fi whenever it's on
don't miss that two helium tanks from
the helium videos I'll go outside in a
minute but I want to look at the other
room to do anything in the fridge nope
wow we really emptied this out my
sister's bathroom I'm pretty sure it
filmed in every room of this house
TV's are still on the wall like in my
sister's room and stuff she still has a
lot of stuff in her closet nothing in
the piano room at all that's good
oh I remember my mom's room looks the
smallest check this out I don't know if
it'll feel that way in the video but
this room just feels super small now and
we left a big caterpillar and some
pillows you know I'm taking this blanket
with me this is my favorite blanket if
you guys watch my draw my life I told
you guys always slept in my mom's room
well this is the blanket I slept with as
a kid so I'm taking oh I miss it look we
still have some sand on here this bass
sound is so much smaller than the new
one and look there's still silly string
on the wall I don't know if that will
ever get cleaned up but I'm going to run
downstairs real quick okay so I went
downstairs the other day and there was
so much stuff under this cowlick it is
disgusting there was Cheetos there was
raising Xbox controllers remotes there
was just oh my gosh we're gross people
all the workout stuff used to be there
another random TV this bathroom fun to
clean down down here yeah this is so
weird I don't like being this empty I
thought it was weird to him whenever I
spilled some of my stuff in it
super weird now my TV's still on my wall
but other than that like my room's
completely empty it's where we kept the
carpet only been like two weeks but it
feels like we haven't lived in this
house forever the marks at my waterbed
left this is rife at everyday to edit my
videos right here I watched Family Guy
have my heater fan goin and I would just
sit here and edit I still edit on the
floor I don't like sitting on my chair
or anything
in here why does my brother have some
phone blocks what the heck wow this is
so weird to seeing this room empty I
don't like it and of course the storage
room is still a huge mess that storage
room will probably never get all the way
clean all right outside we go it's like
we get outside jeez oh I would open this
door and then Rose would come running
right here we didn't even have the new
dog yet this is the backyard there's
nothing in the backyard there's not even
any pepto-bismol stains there's still
the burnt trampoline stain there's some
trampoline pads beauty I missed it this
is crazy stuff on the pool cover that
Rose would chew up and then leave there
there's some more videos we never
cleaned up after some burnt marshmallows
more trampoline park and the foam pit
completely empty so yeah guys that is
the old house completely empty and my
mom told me that two people are looking
to buy our house right now I don't know
how soon it'll get by but I'm going to
miss this house like even though I much
rather live in the house where now can't
imagine anyone else living here there's
just so much of us in this house but
whatever I guess all great things in
life come to an end so I guess I'm going
to leave here's our address alright so I
got home and all the fan mail still my
trunk I'll probably bring that in and
like a week or so whenever we use the
fan mail that's already in my house but
these came in on the front porch and
these are what's going in the bathtub
for the next bathtub filled box opening
if they would've came yesterday we would
have done it in these but we're gonna
have to wait like a week so whatever
hold on let me turn off this pleat
machine I had to turn on because Luna
would not stop barking last night she
went to the bathroom she ate and then
she just wanted to play and it was 3:00
in the morning and I didn't know yeah
I've been seeing a lot of comments that
are like yo phase drug copied you or you
copied phase drug if you guys know phase
drug he's like one of my favorite
youtubers he's an awesome youtuber and
phase drug made like an indoor foam pit
video and a lot of you guys are like oh
he copied the prank you did on your mom
I don't really think there's any way you
can claim one idea on YouTube there's
just so many people that do it and I
just think it's not about like who
copied who just watch whoever's videos
that you like and it doesn't matter what
video you make if you like the creator
then you just you know watch all the
videos and yeah I love Bryan I've talked
to him on Twitter before he's a really
cool guy so shout out to him and I think
it's awesome that someone else has a
trampoline in their living room I
thought I'd be the only one I should
have got a 12 foot like him because we
had a 15 foot one and it barely fit and
it's been not going to get the cabinets
but look at my floor okay there's this
stuff everywhere because Luna will bite
the fur out of my bean bag you see a
little bit came out right there
and then she'll twist it up and then
drop it and then it just sets on the
floor like that my mom just went to the
old house even though I was just there
and my mom's going to be picking up a
vacuum so my room will be clean again
and I promise today is the day we're
going to get the Midwest Meetup poster
up we're going to get the rest of the
Cade ups and posters up I'm sorry about
the echo this house is like what I keep
saying I'm going to do it then I put it
off so today is the day we are going to
finally get all these posters up on the
wall and around there because I hate it
when I'm playing ping-pong and there's
just one cave looking at me when there
should be like five you know I'm saying
this one's already peeling off a little
bit no but we have a lot of poster
holders so we'll put one there one there
I don't even know we're going to put the
meetup thing right there I'm pretty sure
also wait for someone to help me with
that in the meantime I'd love to play
some guitar hero but I don't think
there's any packages from the peel box
that could have a guitar hero guitar in
them I was looking for long and skinny
ones that's what she said but I didn't
see any so I'm not going to be able to
nerd it up today
I just won't play a guitar hero I even
bought this little connector cable that
you plug into your computer and then you
get Guitar Hero on your computer and
then you can like load up custom songs
that other people have made because I've
played every song on the game like
hundreds of times and it's just yeah
eventually they get old and I've tried
that guitar again it just won't work and
I'm giving up on it all right guys
quickness here we're playing with
where's the dago's and we just was
shopping for Quentin's blog and I bought
a hat and I also bought some underwear
oh he bought a watch let's see it it's
flowers on it's still shiny but yeah
like I promised earlier it's time we're
going to set this crap up these aren't
even wrinkled I'm surprised and we kept
all of them intact as we moved and
here's all the thingies to set up the
posters my have to get my tripod because
I don't know if I'm able to blog while
we put it up I'm thinking Midwest meetup
we'll put it right here
level with her I'm thinking like yeah
yeah chewy Buddhist I don't you sit
right here okay let's have our third
person bring up this others other person
great not going to think through well
the little rooms thing you think that's
level with her how would this work
Amanda hi this is my room I'll let you
do it
they're working I'm pretty sure I think
it's crooked like my sides lower yeah
okay we fix it was he was going to make
the both Matt there we go and now it's
time for the posters now we got to
decide which ones we want to go where we
already have this one so this one if you
go somewhere I already know which one's
going in the middle dude it's my
favorite where is it that no I forgot
many of these I there it is Paris
there's the original hope I hope these
don't you wrinkled up because yeah let's
put up this one on the right side first
give this one in my room in row all
right the right times done now we gotta
do the middle shirts in the middle Wow
next up we have which one we do we're
doing Quentin's favorite this one right
here yeah let's go boys and we can't
leave that side there so uh we're
getting this is all of this thing's
picking out a little no no
you know she put this one like over
there we go
look about even with our actual thing
and got it Oh God almost died guys yeah
I'm a friend into this too
look out shorten things all right dude
I'm scared asleep
look at how I level this is we're gonna
hi guys here's the wall this one is
super crooked weird because oh my gosh
whatever they kind of form an arch
according to Quintin they're all rusted
oh well whatever we did it without any
like measuring yeah we're going to so
we're going to stick you down like these
last parts and maybe take the Kate
Upton's over there and then we're going
to call today well guys we finally got
it done I can sleep at night now and
whoever plays sing pong can have more
fun than they would have well guys we're
going to go ahead and in the video there
but I hope you get enjoyed it and thank
you guys so much for watching this video
don't really like and share the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me sick
