Wow this dude really light up there oh
my god come on thought this is a good
life where's the other night yeah that
someone thought of that Oh what is it oh
my god today we're back and we're back
in the bathtub okay so here's the thing
we had stuff ordered from Amazon I was
coming in and it didn't yet so we
decided you know we're out of ideas
we're doing fan mail opening fan mail
but uh it's kind of funny so we're doing
that we also thought of doing a hockey
fan mail opening but but in my last four
videos would went indoor trampoline hot
tub blog indoor trampoline pop so
sandals and I just didn't want that act
and stuff and it's literally cool yeah
it's like 30 degrees it's below freezing
again it's windy and we're not adding
any water that's fun so I can have socks
on in the tub
I got his sock on the toast I could all
right we got to figure out which ones
are going to be going on top of us and
then which ones are going to open come
on yeah I'm thinking one like this that
are all like Lindsey and not box lights
can go in the tub wait shouldn't you be
like in the timeline of mommy's ready
this vanilla mousse dunces oh I can
already hear so many contriving all most
office probably hidden still has its
crate whoopee Yahoo from the back
all this is model J I think for Easter
and women like he's doing exactly cool
here's a done ah cold for New York slow
juicer and somebody posted egg yolk and
a hint so never take it out I'm gonna be
able to fit in this without crushing it
don't push it move Alton and sit there
no no home this is from Jack Ryder thing
all the way your most brilliant for the
moment what this is let's check out
here's a crumpled letter and says can
you say shout out to Ryder and Kanye
shout the rider and continent wet within
this bag it is this mr. Krabs this mid
to crack it was like he's been dusted on
back I just realized it echoes in here
pretty badly I have all done this works
for Joey lemon from Cameron oh ho
Radha thank you for making my laughing
down only so I'm not entirely sure which
it is if it was a tape and just a bunch
of stuff on the line review at the
bottom of that is a it is good enough
for me
Thank You Joey to me a webkinz pulled
off this is filled up with all of your
remedies is a kid going to a trauma is
on my face on that looking better ha ha
ha there's there's no bullet all the
colors loosely I'll help you out a bit
by mail
Haley Anderson I was
Thank You Haley for making the cake
you're a dirtbag
and I think they send you back user
versus just a banker it is a vector it
says you're a dirtbag only colors bagged
right which reminds me I was like this
one's wrong maybe whenever they open the
Magdalene and emotional personal image
some change in a bag Hey run in Italian
I've been watching your videos for one
year now to do a five minute surgery
flips still practicing together good as
you are art work out the other side from
the heaven Brown that is heavenly
whoa this looks familiar what is this
near Santa lovely senator recent refuse
to stop release it up you better go up
Chelsea Luis Steffi Johnson listen this
is the sound iPhone me right yeah hold
on
that's not oh god yeah exactly I know
this just shattered I'm gonna read this
letter to Noah watch Wow
my son who I am
kikuchi oh yeah really good I'm sitting
like a gentleman for this one a Tanner
my name is Shelby and I'm from
Pennsylvania and 17 years old
after I natural remodeled phone for fun
I wasn't sure what to do with it I
thought it'd be hilarious if I send it
to you if you want to see how I did it I
made two videos and the first ones here
and the two legit rode out the link in
pencil if any of you want to hear this
Thank You Chelsea Cheers all the
technique system turns like sunflower
seeds what tastes like a fortune greedy
or think of you in the vanilla wafers
month
our Lena Bartlett
look at it let's go see what I already
have this someone beat you to it
what maybe they said it fertilized over
there the back danila metal thank you
you can write anything oh my gosh well
thank you for this I guess I have to now
yeah I mean this Snickers reverences and
a tampon okay thank you
now we always do these I never open a
month so why not experiment some Braxton
Stratton the thing is all smashed okay
no these are like the really good
suckers that you see and gift shop with
the thing 1 million Lauren please stop
video ideas
should we read some of these will 3 the
dream that in the game columns all I
forgot he has one translator is Taco
Bell that would be disgusting indoor
foam pit I will be doing that soon with
we for sure instead of toothbrush - a
toothbrush for your house and horrible
charger and then a dime girl and here's
all that missus it thank you so much for
this so I'm gonna put this right here
when your next peel box opening luxury
fat sub dump it in deliver us 10:30 a.m.
3:45 over Ryan Hazzard woke up mannequin
foot with a bullet sharpie on it package
at this one a strong hero Marty minutes
okay this is dirty talk about pain Oh
make an acquaintance button cartoon
version thank you listen this is named
abigail TS by are you held in height a
Valerie Desmond let's check it out this
is from Sarah corners don't be a leaner
than soccer party
oh my god spongebob compression shorts
give me those heck yeah are so nice off
one half years for Quentin square has
been in the last suit just putting if
you're watching this get your act
together
oh holy sell high all other goods
come on Doc you children are you gonna
watch it now you two bonded yeah I'll be
over there so I guess you're not only
out so away on the faculty but please
come to New York for a meet
I am going to give you this they take it
staple it and duct tape it they take
some of their hair through a picture of
a face and then it's the mustache what's
in here oh that's me that's the thing oh
crap I need to get started opening all
the Lamborghini the Audi r8 first one
yellow one shot yo listening too strong
to tell Oh green look at whoa I think
it's is one this is from somebody I
should change it it's from people better
I drove my phone wow that's I feel like
falling betting here June I to
sharpeners and wait nice with Texas town
oh heck yeah duties are six donation for
the knives and the laser pointer and the
leggy knee this is so often and looked
it is not a box and click that takes
some duty not eating British comedian
saying it's just from England eniac
Odell Beckham at right these are so
pretty good living from Haley Lyons it's
heading very limp holy cat food soma
something a mini cool pic does remind me
of all the time you used to sit there
drum with your drumstick did I have in
school all the time whatever just
Wrigley socks
hey mosey up people you got that same
thing before way this been Billy already
opened that boxes then yeah this box is
something new
from my house full sand all that we
already open to bring to the new now
because there's no way someone's in the
same motorcycle that's made of wood
where's that serious all you to buy deep
inside wanna see such high kind of
Internet hope where you can keep all
your YouTube ideas well I don't have me
and that's insane are you gonna open a
bottle too I'm going to see your watch
this is from lularoe with Kathy Hancock
no for me no for me I'm in America like
to keep bright-colored Google Moniz a
bandage for my part okay here's a candy
cane I want to throw it go ahead he's
under there
okay before it kills me we're going to
end the video there hope you guys
enjoyed it I think you guys are gonna
walk and don't get me like a different
facility subscribe to news and I'll see
you guys in the next video and peace out
na Michael thank you
you came in looking like that you just
made me
