what is going on guys today we're back
and it is actually the same day as the
last clip in the last video and Dylan
and Logan are still here today my mom
went to the old house and she brought
back a lot of stuff that we brought
inside and she also brought me this this
is from my p.o box and it says that
there's a Guitar Hero guitar inside of
here look that says it right there
he says enclosed and this one still
doesn't work and this one doesn't work
and there's two others that I've smashed
on my concrete that didn't work so we're
gonna open this one I know this is not a
peel box opening but we're gonna do this
before we get into the rest of this
video I'm excited I really hope it works
because then I'm gonna play this until
we wait for Quentin to get here so okay
let me get the water off these lens
there's little smudges from the hot tub
let's play find Luna okay let's open it
up see ups - I literally have Guitar
Hero two and two working guitars for ps2
I need an Xbox 360 guitar the only
reason I bought it for Xbox 360 was
because I want to play custom songs
because I'm that much of a nerd wow this
is legit brand new - like has the
sticker package and everything in here
alright whatever it's fine thank you so
much - whoever sent this it means a lot
that you would even try and I guess I'll
cuddle with Luna until we are ready to
go you on the trampoline for this 24
hour video challenge and yeah I just
want one for the Xbox all right guys so
we were up here we're on the trampoline
and we still have to go to Walmart we
gotta get snacks you know and everything
we got a big TV right there so that's
gonna be fun we are gonna get this like
the ultimate setup so we're just messing
around having fun for right now but yeah
let's do it
I really want to do wall flip to like
fall or something
oh good will I hit the ceiling fan first
double back those two tiger why is it so
scary
hi which one this one oh my god the
pockets so I've been vlogging a lot of
Walmart lately but this time it's okay
because I have my Healy's dinner yeah
let's go it's about to rain good thing
the trampolines inside thank you
these things are so good you never had
these you're missing out sorry
thank you alright go out of that we
don't actually drink alcohol so this is
jokes
imagine if exploded
can I make it moment of truth
wrong side
I wasn't gonna make it okay this is
gonna be the best sleepover ever
oh look at that I got my laptop so I can
edit Center it so I can upload this
video we started this at 212 and I'm
supposed to upload it three so I'm after
like edit stuff as we go we got our
snacks heck yeah
now we gotta grab our TV off the floor
chips okay who's ready did not do any
more trampoline tricks Sydney food and
watch TV the rest of the night I call it
a trampoline challenge dude bring me a
blanket in this be great yeah whoever
whoever gets off the trampoline first
and fails guess what it is
5:04 right now and we're just eating
snacks and stuff but I hatched an idea
okay we're gonna take these and I know
we can't break the challenge we got to
get up there where Taylor is but we
can't step on the floor I'm gonna have
to have you guys help me like climb up
to that balcony and then I'm gonna have
them hand these up to me and then I'm
gonna be the one to throw them and then
yeah what's the first one huh three two
one no that's like three two Logan's
turn I missed that was my vote all right
this one's pretty small you might be
able to get it ready yeah three two this
is so hard it's like a 20-foot drop to
your mouth all right let's see if I can
do it let's see if I can get one on the
fan
what cuts into my mouth from up here go
you freaking oh my god I went to the
other side it's on the floor
one more try alright go hold on and go
gloves hi oh my god yeah leave a like
for that one guy holy crap I didn't
think I was gonna happen I thought he's
gonna hit my teeth and hurt a little I'm
coming back down wait can I step back
down like I got it yeah whoa technically
not touching the floor it looks so much
cooler with the blankets who remembers
this from the bridge jumping videos just
jump off Kristen jump I'm working you
haven't jumped off it's the only way
down you can't walk down remember you
know no one touch the floor but we got a
ladder it kind of appeared here and
we're gonna try to get up there jump
because that's not high enough you know
it's the same I okay we're stupid
anyway we got a ladder and yeah Logan's
gonna record and I'm like the left side
ladders not even on the wall yeah this
window seals kind of all bumpy
ready I can see out the front window
from here thank you yeah you guys all
gonna try that and doing lassies action
on the floor right now go look balancing
never mind she's planky I just jumped
off that top thing all right one more
try we're gonna try to get up there now
like the very very tip top three oh you
need a snack at it yeah tell me what I
can sit up here all day right that
windowsill is so skinny I got to get up
there one more time just to show them
this is the first one look it's all
curvy look at the second one I don't
thought it's like two inches okay second
soon it's gonna get dark soon guys it's
it's it's nap time
all right guys it is now 741 and it's
dark out and button one to go work out
yes here and this person showed up you
know why because we needed her
replacement
dill pickle chips let me try what we're
good oh we love it tastes better if it
was a real pickle
is it bad it's not even eight o'clock
I'm already tired that's what happens
when you're sitting on a trampoline you
have nothing else to do there you go Oh
sexy that would have burst everywhere
that did not work to another front flip
watch out watch out
okay Paris you're gonna go back home
then we're gonna be done for now we're
gonna we're taking that you're doing a
backhoe let's go back yes I'm back foot
yeah backwards it's kind of cool you're
gonna do it okay fine but if you do a
front flip it has to be off they're off
we're balcony it's not too hard you're
chicken does anyone know what time it is
it's 53 it's only been an hour
ah you know we'd probably nap better
with the lights off what's up rose
how you doing all right guys it is now
12:51 a.m. we're all super tired we're
about to go to bed I added in most of
this video but I'll see you guys in the
morning I guess because there's not
gonna be any more flips tonight
goodnight
I'll hit Logan well guys right now it is
what time we still have a while left but
I mean we got pretty close and and I
don't want to be on the trampoline for
no reason the rest today we stayed the
night on it so that counts for something
right
maybe you get it 20 hours
we got 20 hours apparently and I'd stay
on the rest but I'd rather go sit in my
bed that folds into a taco so yeah guys
I guess that is basically for this video
and I hope you guys enjoyed it and yeah
leave a comment down below of what
challenges do you guys want to see and
we're gonna do the foam pit in here soon
I don't know if we should leave the
trampoline while we do the foam pit or
what we'll figure something out we're
definitely gonna like climb up that
ladder and then jump into the foam pit
but yeah hope you guys enjoyed this
video and don't forget to leave a like
and share the prints if you enjoyed
subscribe video and I'll see you guys in
the next one peace
we're in still ships
you just maybe
