what right away really I got to put my
hair up real quick hold on what if you
like guys today we are back and today is
like one of the first days I'm taking a
shower in my presidential shower this
weird thing it's not even that bad it's
just really short when you stand any of
your heads like over this thing what the
whole fans here including this little
person hey we were playing that her
breath smells horrible still got that
touch her breath yeah she does we got
her a pink little collar - and she's
pooped everywhere in my room except for
on my bed so I guess she's all right
what is this you're still unsure this
you're sort of doing I found your shirt
now you can quit wearing mine but hey
today we got washer and dryer in here so
and their delivery to I don't know make
the boundaries people are stupid what
because look and if there are men come
fix that you leave this in the video not
level and the washer opens this way and
the tire opens this way so you just walk
around both when you switch clothes
instead of switching the friggin doors
that's the struggles of life and right
now we're going to go to Walmart yeah I
guess it's going to be a blog we don't
have any set plans for today all I'm
telling you do you can buy me sushi no
oh yeah I couldn't find the knives for
the PIO box opening list but up doesn't
so much yeah they're right there they're
in the backseat of my car for some
reason so that's why we had to improvise
and use other knives for the last one
because we're into the old house I saw
it on the mmmm and I just want some
decadent ol thing so ever since we moved
we ended up going to a new Walmart now
thankfully because you guys know my
opinion on the last Walmart we're going
to film in here and we're going to see
you know how people react a nice man
greeted us at the door he said good
afternoon and he didn't say fit away
your camera that's cool yeah you you
better disappear I actually do want like
a completely skip it once we don't know
if I used a version like he wasn't super
shopping
this one these both visit this is all
under action you news toothbrush I might
take one up again she looks I want to
the guys Here I am you gay shopping is a
lot less fun without Healy's well guys
we did it
feels kind of nice to be able to shop
and record yourself without going to
jail right outside my house you can see
into my garage and you see foam in the
window and my trucks back finally can be
a country boy again hey the basements
getting cleaner that's good I didn't do
any of it
let me move my razor part of being a
country boy I don't open it
these are kind of tricky we're guys my
cousin Logan's here a lovely yes member
I'm from him saying bad register oh
I'm kind of high just sit down just
pulled off room this a little bit smooth
how do I lined up I heard it lights up
it has music - that's not fair how do I
do that I'm getting frustrated see
there's like a little speaker at the
bottom alright keep the brush in there
okay the culprit brush just got to get
all these mines on yellow the put the
bowl up once it's ready by radio no
that's kind of stupid
no they just light up I'll get closer
you know do it so now it's not working
on oh I got one it is a great advice
sleepover ever
are you peeing right now you're gonna
have Union guys we just came up with the
best idea ever I tweeted oh why why is
there a nailer right there okay now I
forgot what I was saying anyway we're
going to the hot tub
we're gotta throw ourselves a little
party we have pancakes for my hop I've
always dreamt of doing this
and this thing still makes a horrible
squealing noise Shh just to be safe I'm
going to go ahead and put the syrup on
the cake outside the tub you feel me
we're not going to be able to have the
Jets on though it's going to sprinkle
water into it last night the temperature
wasn't all the way up and now it is now
yeah come on let's get a close-up let's
get food review one bad thing about IHOP
sports is that they're plastic and
whenever you try to cut pancakes for the
plastic fork it just doesn't really work
I think I've broken at least half of the
ones I've used it's a hard life look
because there's a Cardinal over there on
that purple tree bird-watching module oh
yeah that's a good hey give me some of
that bacon are they shaking this morning
I don't like my fork there you know I
just realize my my small white legs are
John oh thank you Dylan oh okay let's do
this oh it's cold don't go go go go I'm
coming the tub better be open okay I
don't want to get naked so I'm sitting
over here whoa whoa you're boring guys I
was going to act like I woke up in the
hospital like we stayed out here all
night
but yeah we're back in the hot side of
it's the next day now and we did a hot
tub story time last night but I didn't
like it very much so now we're going to
do the weekly Q&A and Dylan's going to
hit me with these questions I'm giving
your questions on this mount the tub so
long get wet whether you come into
California again I don't know I go to
California a lot probably within like a
month or so Luna or Rose rose number 20
thing up she just hide our shoes you'd
never tear them up Luna already ruined
my clickbait shoes she bit holes in the
back of him the word door yeah her
parents were hunting dogs so Rosa's
never done anything wrong where do you
spend the most time at in the new cost
for Casa means house in English I
definitely spend the most time my own
room I think there's probably rooms I've
been in only once and that was for the
tour I don't just walk around now I just
hang out in my room all the time and
that's where we all hang out it's kind
of a sanctuary especially because half
of our house isn't set up so because
we've just been busy and we've also been
lazy the worst injury I've ever had once
I stubbed my toe whenever I was walking
in the dark and really close gosh my
ears are freezing dude my feet are cold
I'm sitting this one out good night guys
how many licks does it take to get the
center up putting
only one if you do it right do you miss
public school Wow
if he wasn't a youtuber what would you
be I think I've answered this like 6
times start man or some like that man
don't double something like that thank
you I often are me of course I'm we
hadn't before done when I'm putting my
thumb we're going to drop it I'd be a
hot tub sitter what's your favorite
trick on the tramplesteam
is it a trampoline that thing on black
ops 2 that would hit the zombies with
triple theme videos are you getting a
mustache handsome finally is shaded well
maybe there's hope for the armpit
hairless Dylan I might emerge when will
there be another nation anagen tonight
December 31st 2017 we're doing them
yearly nice work come on pork yes again
I've seen there you dumb Paris for my
cousin if so day me for the info well
let me see a picture get it Quinn's
always better
finding the question you sorry stuck I
believe those roles am Elsa when is the
life of a teenage dad coming okay if
there was actually a license teenage
that I'd be very I don't know I wouldn't
be happy I did yeah your favorite videos
on your channel I have a playlist of my
personal favorite so if he hasn't
checked that out I would put that at the
end of the video you guys and click it
it'll be under the little random thingy
Wow so yeah those are for my favorite
videos that mate what are your honeymoon
to be huh
I'm gonna say on a boat but then what if
you start puking here let me read them
your hands are wet hmm my god
Tanner oh my gosh I literally had an
iPhone 5 got a one drop in my speaker
and it literally didn't work I promise
you it's gonna be okay are you coming to
English soon no is that a play are you
doing what do you miss about the old
house that you don't have in the new
house well we could open a pool in the
old house we could jump in even like no
matter what time of year it was even if
it was freezing
yeah this one cold this one doesn't even
open right now we have to have someone
come and do it for us oh I know I know
what I don't have a window well that I
can pee out of
I've always play an Xbox and I was on
like round fifty and zombies I'd be like
yo guys got to go real quick probably
thirty seconds I set that thing down
running my winter well with zip it open
so let's start going Clinton taught me
how to pee on my window well he has one
too
how long can you hold your breath
underwater oh okay let's go see wait
wait wait wait wait okay I'm ready
whoo 3 2 1
doing it I had a booger Oh what I was
was I belong in I don't know did you
cheat I eat sprechen cheaters let me
blow my nose now
no I'm fingering the gym what's your
password three one six - oh okay - watch
this get them Dylan Phil my finger is
stuck in the gym how do you make your
thumbnails in Photoshop should I go to
Philly for your meet-and-greet I want
you to so yes as long as you don't live
too far away what's your favorite thing
to do in summer not attend school which
I don't really right now but it's just
more fun whenever all your friends out
of school and then every day you don't
have anything to worry about and then
you go jump in the pool and then you can
like go eat a popsicle doing the river
jumping look so far no it's hard to wait
for your friends when you don't have any
it's not as it Harris's braces hit my
forehead mine's actually real yeah
here's an actual right there we go all
now the ones are getting talking and
yeah guys we're going to go ahead in the
video there and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and thank you guys so much watching
this video as always don't forget to
leave a like ensuring the trend if you
enjoyed subscribe you and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out here's
your phone your OHL balloons are wet now
know what's up is it that bad
is it that noticeable go go go go it's
cold cold cold cold
don't flip on sick no let me I didn't
mean
my god you can't look like that you just
made me sick
