alright guys before this video starts I
have to let you guys know that we are
going to be going on an East Coast tour
that is the big announcement that I
talked about on Instagram and snapchat
and Twitter I know I hadn't talked about
on YouTube yet but I announced it early
on those platforms quitting my brother
my sister will be going with me we're
going to be doing meet-and-greets and
all the information is on my website t
bunker calm so you guys can go in there
and get your tickets the prices are at
the lowest it will be right now so don't
wait very long and yeah I cannot wait to
meet you guys and enjoy the video he
doing there but what is going on guys
today we are back and today we are
finally going to be doing the indoor
trampoline video I know I said that
we're going to be doing this for a while
now today's the day is it I'd probably
if they're watching this then yes Jelena
Quentin are on their way over to help
because I'm not setting nothing up by
myself and yet we've had this trampoline
sitting in our old garage for about 4
months now it's the same brand as my
other circle it's a sky bound it's their
like Cirrus brand Cyrus something like
that and yeah we're going to go build it
we're going to put it by the balcony I
don't know if it's going to have a net
or not yet I don't think so I think
that's going to be too much work so we
mine does not have it but we also have
the bean bag and I think we're going to
be putting the foam pit in the living
room for a coming video and then
possibly keep the trampoline in there
we're going to head up now and try to
start building this thing
I'm excited guys you see this little
white flags all around my yard well it's
actually in an invisible dog fence so
now Rose can run around and she can help
us run on the trampoline and I apologize
for that
but here is the second part of the
change we already have some of it in our
living room these boxes are like
quadruple wrap and it is taking forever
leave a like if you feel bad for us it
might fit guys this is actually a huge
trampoline let me sleep I'll give you a
break here there's a lot of scary
obstacles like that last thing in this
is hitting against there there we go
keep killing it we're almost here you've
gotta want it okay time for some screen
yeah we're definitely not going to have
to hit the ceiling fan we're getting
close
yeah watch and learn ready
settle down Oh we'd all like to say on
this is gonna be so fun what this is it
is it let's get a let's get it closer
and there we have it look at this this
is crazy already
oh yeah this is insane I believe in our
house holy I'll try suspect go we had
actually oh okay
Wow probably a lot we'll see - fans
going to be a problem yeah when you turn
the fan on this airplane is pretty
bouncy nothing bad I like it referee oh
you know if I could get to the family
look at how this barely fit it's so
close to that cabinet and then so close
to my mom's favorite glass thingy that
you're gonna jump you're gonna jump for
what that fan is so scary I'm genuinely
scared about just like hold it up yeah
first time coming off of my mouth even
out of being a I want to come back up
with this fan I would not be a fan of
that your fans would love it you might
have somebody else's because the camera
person do you know you're going to hear
if you could drop it down and that's the
greenness and if just a lot of nothing
with it go
thank you well we're down this is what
amazing right nice let me scratch my ear
I'm gonna do a test run run I don't see
very much running in that test run three
two one
oh that is me oh I knew it abilities are
Inlet time we're off of that onto this
stuff on which I get oh here's our
current setup we have one of the beanbag
down in we're going to go over here all
wheels into trampoline and oh living in
what's the holdup - there's something
behind me it's called okay we did it
right we don't have to go down there and
fix it if we do this right we can take
down the fan - and stop it Oh
that was careless man how I've ever done
sales offices we thought so okay look
like a giant
Squidward say without like is his nose
right there speaking you need a face job
then showing his last time because I
didn't die last thing okay you've got to
do it can't think about it because think
about it you're not going to do it then
the set of the same
you go kick it you both Kia if it's
called then we have a benefit to do back
we'll finally okay now I'm serious than
anything else
let's see you are you going to fall
backward exactly a back flip here that
second flatter so give it a lot really
freaking dog tip I told you to like me I
don't like some mac and cheese holy mac
and cheese - alright attacking the mac
and cheese break hi
that's what you're doing yes come on you
knew this was going to happen
come on I'll help you jump like I'll
fortunately help you now the key is to
not hit the Johnny fan in the middle of
the room this is trampoline and the
beanbags now I tried to get her to jump
onto the beanbags with just the ground
and she wasn't having it
I'm gonna hit your phone that'll hurt
now I think you can do it yeah and
you're gonna have to have to you can do
I need maybe dig it scarier as long as
you think about it let me set the camera
down help you don't don't back out don't
walk out now you're already up there you
already have your legs over land on the
trampoline you'll be fine come on get
over here okay okay you already made it
this far now you just gotta don't just
jump out land on your back where you can
fall backwards onto it up to you
whenever you're ready say limonite yes
run on your butt okay yes I mean oh
you're awesome
then I catch my camera
so I mean that must be romantic okay can
you actually catch it love three two one
one kiss one joke at me Terry
no three two one okay you're trying to
do that huh
when is Tristan will you jump off just
in general jump jump
it's not that big of a job come on hey
mom you want a job yeah do it do it oh
yeah I know it's weird cuz I'm watching
you in basketball shorts and I never
okay my hurry up you squishy nuts the
longer you sit up there
alright now jump onto the beanbag ha ha
ha Justin yeah Pierre yeah we go here
you go come on I'm getting this himself
Emoto look I'm sorry for snapping up
armpit hair guys if this video reaches
75 thousand likes we will do a 24-hour
challenge on this trampoline indoors
even though that's not much of a
challenge it's going to be fun but we'll
do a video we'll do tracks and mess
around all night 24 hours and we're
gonna sleep on this beanbag will be
doing crazy stuff and I'll actually get
out like the GoPro what if we flew the
drone in here we're gonna have our food
stash up there it's gonna be great 24
hours and I hop left after life - yeah
I'll do it for real and yeah guys that's
basically over this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it in Tokyo so much
watching don't forget like and share
with friends if you enjoyed subscribe to
noon and I'll see you guys the next one
five you came in looking like that you
just made me
