Oh making happen what is going on guys
today we are back in today we are about
to drive like in yet you can see my mom
live with my mom and I are about to
drive for 3 3 hours Children's Mercy
Hospital
oh yeah it's 4:00 in the morning by the
way and I've already had the same thing
done whenever I was in like 5th grade
and it's basically just to try to find
out what's wrong with like my side I've
like lower abdomen pain it stops
recently and I think it's partly because
of stress but I've also changed my diet
like a lot so we're just going here to
try to find out for sure and for the
past day and a half all I could eat is
jello apple juice popsicles sprite and
water and it's horrible and it was
National Pancake Day yesterday and I'm
frustrated guess where I'm going after
this but yeah we're going to go there
I'm gonna take a nap I brought some
pillows behind me and then I'm gonna
have my mom record me and before and
after and my dad's already up there he's
meeting us up there I'm going to be put
on anesthesia so and yeah should be fun
oh wow look at that pretty sunset
sunrise
I'm still tired it's 6:30 now we got to
be there at 7:00 to check in that it's
dark so like 7:30 hopefully we get home
and like mid-afternoon and I just don't
want to spend my whole day here and
honestly just the ride is what sucks hi
guys we are here now and I'm gonna have
her try to record as much as we can yeah
I'm tired okay guys I had to sneak into
the bathroom because there's no
recording here and I'm not as good at
this I'm not good at this at all just
took Tanner back I'm going to struggle
in cuz he had some trouble with the IV
was been some pain sure he's going to be
fine
but this suck anyway he's gonna be mad
because he wanted some video and they
have this policy and man there's like a
million people he's texting me asking me
to try to get some footage and I just
don't see how it's possible so anyway
it'll have to do he'll probably delete
it anyway but we'll be back when Tanner
is awake be careful just own and then
sit down you may not want to eat
anything and don't think I'll even write
good huh I don't you're going I hop I'm
getting 2 by 2 by 2 bacon nobody's stuck
and pop/imap going into right
otherwise in revenge you get right there
yeah thank you thank you okay your phone
they say your phone I hope that's your
phone okay okay bye guys love you do man
going to sleep
I wish sorry crazy call question calling
quit calling her face honey
how long hi I just tried drugs for the
first time your job yeah now we can we
gotta find out how to get that stuff and
go home and take it with us unbox what
on that because it will fit the value we
need a lot come on play a big old box
I have a video box from my room she's a
little tired
we could both sleep together on my bed
all right mine are you gay I don't not
know I'll ask the nurse good good good
yeah I could probably go to sleep
like if I get asleep we'll be home
faster right yeah oh Jesus Christ not
only did I hop only get home yeah a
little bit a good eye on now hmm they
gave me a little both the puffy stuffing
and put it around my Mac name give me a
match then put it around my mouth they
just said it like a foot in front of me
and they spilled my blood with the
stuffing burn really bad for a minute
and then right after went in I went oh
you should have seen the veins in your
arm popping out over there you know jack
is your I did not like that
maybe I just worked out before it right
and then I look like Clinton I'm going
to drop my camera if I keep record in
what was I say you're gonna drop the
camera I said there was one more this is
weird I still intend clogging we leave
that was like two hours no one so they
cut little slivers out of my stomach to
test it you're cool
thanks doc by the way they said we
couldn't record in the emergency room
she said what are you doing here free
time I said I'm a youtuber did you film
it all
no no not before the surgery I got an
evening MIDI bit once they first came in
when you were waking up I was trying to
disguise my phone all you got to do is
put it on video mode hit the power
button and then hold it to your side
yeah right do you want office yeah
oh one of the new hiatus off am i
positive repercussion you don't come
back here actually I ever take a selfie
I tried to take yourself me I think I
tried to take a selfie on my phone
where's my phone on display now without
out within a couple left on it Missy if
firing a selfie yeah I took two selfies
they said I can't drive it all the day
but I'm driving
no you are not yes I am you are not
that's not negotiable if you want to get
parents will go get her on the way home
or something your jerk there's no way
you could operate yeah bugs please be
off I feel weird that's it okay when I
go home and I'll see you guys when we're
home unless there's tornado on the way
home
oh you're on that I hop win alright
three hours and a shower later my nap
time is over hearses - apparently Rosen
her are like best friends like if she's
whimpering at night Rose will come bark
at us and then we'll follow her
downstairs and then she'll bring us to
her and they do fight a lot still they
still like buy it on each other but it's
just teaching her to be tough look at
this they bite foam together I don't
know why they both like it so much but
they do what are you doing hmm I guess
it's my turn you guys know you're
cleaning this up right okay well I
haven't shown you guys this in the movie
room you can go down here where's that
where's that where's the bluetooth
button right here then you get to go on
your phone got to have your dogs with
you of course and then you can connect
and then you can play music on these
giant speakers there's two subs down
there that's the kind of speaker if you
guys don't know would you calm down wait
what's wrong
let me consider my lap come here up now
Rose is going to get jealous now we got
to find a song what song are we gonna
listen to literally sounds amazing this
is like my favorite room oh call from
Tristan
I'll call me record time what do you
need help with the water and my crystal
you need me to help you with your fish
tank be right up colors chairs are super
super comfy even though these are like
the cool chairs
I still love those you want to come with
it huh let's go
this looks Pleasant well yeah well given
I brought a friend
don't fear unless you kisses on my
mattress I'm going to be not happy so
dumb picking out what your window no
we're jumping into my shower I like the
window idea better one day you'll be
able to do this all by yourself
oh you came to the show and then while
I'm here you what's do you read I never
calorie in here again I'm out here I got
a rule don't worry I'm gonna get hit you
do it
that sounded wrong I have to go in my
phone ring sharper teeth I know laying
around oh good Oh you Luna's brightener
oh my god she's gonna either in either
body each other awesome fight fight
hello dot okay guys well that is
basically it for this video and I hope
you guys enjoyed it today was not that
great I feel pretty much fine now just a
little bit nauseous from the stuff but
yeah but it makes it for this video and
hope you guys enjoyed it and thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave like in sure depends if you
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys next one happy it is a bee
sting
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
