what is going on guys today we are back
and we are at Quinn's house even though
that's Dillon Quinton's out there hi
where were you at it oh right here
11 the set up bro you speaker setup
looks like mine does but today is a
special day we think we haven't got the
100% confirmation but if you guys are
watching this that means it has happened
and we have another dog we're getting
another puppy today and Quentin just got
one this is Bella oh look he's so small
she's no babe but yeah we're about to go
meet my mom I think she even going maybe
no I don't know but we're going to be
going to town about 30 minutes from here
and there's a family that has about
three more of these there's one girl and
two boys and two of them are this color
and then one of them is blonde and we
don't know what color is which gender
don't identify their genders it's
against gender equality rules I'm kinda
hoping that it's back color because I
have a blonde dog rose and I don't want
Rose to feel replace and was born yeah
true Tristan he's not that blonde all he
does is hair of a other day so I guess
he is my hair which orange every time
wear this jacket she loaded weighs like
3 pounds whenever we bought Rose he was
like double the size of this went to bed
so yeah I mean Quentin are going to be
father-in-law's is that a thing why she
took tired all the time I'm never seeing
her she's a puppy on your snapchat
sooner jump around but then me every
time I've seen you okay good night Sam
alright guys after a long adventure of
going the wrong way for a while we are
here and we're on a random dirt road
we're about to go get our second dog oh
and we brought this one along for the
girls Oh a little one yeah it's gotta
meet you want to see your sister about
to get us all yeah and then they can be
friends and there's big bumps
we're about to crap up Terrace is this
your driveway I know alright so yeah
we're going to go in we're going to meet
these people I think maybe we'll just
take it I don't know leave the money on
the doorstep Rosa's expensive like this
dog is not even close how much Rose cost
I don't know why Rose is so special
she came with a bunch of problems so
that's awesome she had like the irony of
it was like mentally special to it you
don't wait anymore
all I see somebody I see somebody all
right dog we're returning you hello
that's Mickey Jack clinic well the girls
are getting them rounded up and going to
bring him out your big guys come in so
which one is the girl the blonde is is
one of those doctors one of lawns is a
girl but we're keeping it
I've got sold to other females my Sam
can pick them out you can have your
choice that's the bomb hey only one
didn't work or that one's been oh my god
not the other one these are the last two
girls okay I don't know if one of them
how do I do
yeah I guess look what Bella - hey okay
once you get a healthy chicken didn't
care if you like whatever it means the
hardest decision of my life
what's up Noah you're a runny nose bro
what's up and I'll hold it hey hey I
think we're going to go with this one
right here this is Dylan's favorite I
can't I love it - I like how shiny it
was so we're going to mm-hmm
I think we found the one that we'd like
yeah boy now we're going to put some
rolls in the oven so supper will be
ready when you get here
sweet we're going to think of a name
when we home like what yeah she's really
calm
it looks like a look like a twin sister
quick yeah does it look exactly Clinton
she's gonna eat her own little bit or
something roses and a water in her
channel I don't Rose doesn't sleep in
her kennel in Aveiro sleeps with me now
all right okay bye I love you guys we
got a little basket for we got to think
of a name we're gonna brainstorm on the
way home she's gonna chill fella back
here yep there you go you and your
sister we probably mix them up they
didn't have the callers I know well
might also feel sad for you
okay done I will see you guys when we
were back home
okay come out mmm my sister doesn't know
by the way we told her it'd be another
30 minutes but we're here right now and
it's starting to sprinkle we're going to
go and this is here hey this is going to
be good practice to life of its mission
okay let's go let's go where's it all
we got another dog I'm sewing this is my
video stuff oh my god okay so when you
decide on a name we're going to take
rose and whatever that dog's name and
get an Instagram page reserved before
you announce that name where's rose yeah
hey rose hey come here
look come play with your new sister look
down there oh you're going to whip our
dog Ross I don't step on the dog Oh calm
down
no I like how they don't care they're
like yeah we're gonna die but it's fine
what are we gonna need I don't know we
thought we'd brainstorming over here and
we didn't know that the brand is ours
and all the neighbors were terrible they
said one other people is Luna I think
Luna sounds cool I like little results
like a used to saying that
Luna how do you like that new guitar
yeah it works half the time I read a
book Primrose with a crazy gun know a
girl who cares bring thorns oh he's
frozen thorn I suppose every rose
presents this is old rotten things ocean
okay I'll start recording again once we
figure out a name this might take a
while
goodbye all right guys we chose Luna but
uh it's about the tornado here like the
sirens are gonna tear your the car
but yeah look at that cloud and
lightning everything right here I open
up the door left right and I'll break
through my window maker trampoline go
flying here help me move this no but I
know savant I forgot there she's gonna
flying in my window everyone we used to
take our trampoline and put put them
upside down with bricks on our mom yeah
there they have a hole in them okay our
luck is nothing good we already
destroyed the basement a little bit then
my back with the water coming out of the
ceiling we better not get the whole
house destroyed that'd be a bummer right
all right all right so that works going
up now do down oh nothing that's awesome
you guys ever paid literally a hundred
and fifty dollars for an antique this
thing said it was brand-new
on Amazon I'm upset if any of you want
to send me an Xbox 360 controller like
that wired Wireless I don't care if it's
a Guitar Hero you know what I will
accept that and appeal about something
that would make me happy if any of you
still have that ten-year-old game
controller please I'm begging you I
bought four of them and they all don't
work and now the guitar is broken
completely yes ready don't worry rose we
didn't forget about you we will never
forget about you you were the original
dag oh wow she actually does like you
yeah now bite her that's right spider
come here hi quit biting me what the
thought we were thought we were bros
calm down rug digging Bobby don't do it
hi dear she be strolling for me I can
barely see it well you like set up some
pillows down here
you still have your pillows me around oh
my gosh you need to get your stuff
together mom is the old workstation now
we've moved from our old basement to my
mom's bedroom that's nice
hey at least your bathroom is cool and
we even picked up after the table
company and by we I mean not me yeah
okay well I will leave you to your show
I don't know I'm gonna go check on right
now hey good night I think about this
house to go see what everyone's doing
yes to pretty much go on a little
adventure
I've never even been in Taylors room
hello oh look at you two Wow she helping
you with your homework yeah that's
she loves those my pants you can barely
see you
she's party no I'm not no the ride home
from getting her was so bad oh my gosh
we partied so much and Bella - oh my god
we the windows vali cast away has she
even poop yet or what no you hear it
yeah she's the most calm dog hope it
stays that way cuz Rose literally went
on a biting spree and never stops so
okay have fun
get your homework done you need me
responsible young adult okay bye oh and
guys check out what's down there
aw what is that could it be a trampoline
indoor trampoline video may or may not
be happening soon and as you guys know
we have a ton of foam blocks in my
garage and I know I told you guys I
would be doing that soon I literally
promised months ago they would make it
happen but I wanted to wait until we
moved in because our old living room is
just not big enough and there wasn't
anything to jump off of what the living
room in this house you can let me jump
off that thing that or the balcony up
there you have a lot of different
options you know I'm saying we will
definitely do that after I get my
surgery done and unlike back to normal I
don't know if I'm going to like feel any
different afterwards it hurt I don't
think so oh yeah I kind of forget to
tell you guys that I have surgery the
day after tomorrow and tomorrow I can't
eat anything like basically all day long
yeah I can have jello water apple juice
and popsicles so I don't know if I'll be
making a video tomorrow or not but yeah
enjoy the rest of the video yeah
tomorrow's gonna suck I can't really eat
anything but it's two days in my life
that are going to suck and then I should
be back to normal and yeah guys we're
going to go watch some what is this Boy
Meets World never watch this and I'm
going to lay with rose and bat but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I'm
so happy we were able to get a new dog
Luna
welcome to the family and I thought it
was a perfect time you know new house
and Rose is just now big enough to like
you know she can take care of herself
she barks never she wants to go outside
to go to the bathroom she's only peed on
this carpet one time since we moved in
and she sleeps with me now so we're
ready to take on another challenge and
yeah guys I hope you enjoyed this video
don't forget to leave like a share of
the friends if you enjoyed subscribe
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one peace out
it ain't right now
my thought you came and looking like
that you just maybe
