Oh freakin ha ha ha ha this is it we
made it this is all ok what's going on
guys today we're back and today we are
gonna be new that uh be nearer herb
bathtub is huge and look you get a hold
you all the fan mail everything any
other maps note we've had like huge
boxes that we couldn't sail inside now
we can fit inside a box with one hand we
can also fit 50 things a pop so we went
to pop we went to pop we've had so we're
going to make McDonald's watson-watt his
lawn so ruin Walmart and we bought every
different kind of soda that was so
popular now because it Quinn is here he
is behind the camera I got a new dog and
playing with it so he's not going to be
in this bathroom opening I don't I don't
know we're going to do what we did with
co commissioner for all pop invested on
this time it's all yellow disgusting the
way to submit we're an open packages and
I think we're going to do like a taste
test as we do it and then find out what
we're like most obviously we all know
doc peppers the best time so I'm pretty
able to as fast as that is huge we also
see a lot suggest but we exist is not
going back to the first time because I'm
pretty sure palpable maybe a normal job
doesn't send us a message okay okay now
I'm shooting Kathy precesses that's okay
it's good it's pretty good throws Caleb
oh yeah there's plenty of room on side
till I put mail over there trapped over
there Walmart sacks over there great
yeah I'm not one close
go down with Drayton while their fathers
before I get to Emma grab something you
said yeah I'm not
another possible breakout on all of my
hands we do those types of a spot open
Fred why this is the great so dude look
what it does the cap in the ball to go
my cut oh yeah
so huge in our teaspoon of pure to find
a percentage of as well
come on as amazing for that good price
hero isn't going to sell a service
school Cup Series you all right man yeah
thank you
odd this up good or this HP there does
it drink it like work
give themselves mama we made many horses
that I see this is the imposter black
she's okay oh I think it shake it up
already I got a short knife amazing
actually get that is far this is my from
how babies get internal they're doing
this is from K cool Coquina
from luxuries to hell what this isn't it
from anybody back out you have this
repetition bathtub pillow oh it's so
strong just basically wild carrots look
I can't do it it's too full
Oh boom so tell me to upload yeah
although your fingers you to read this
copy to read it's not even because it's
coldest I was doing this because it
feels dings - is bubbliness of
everything tell us so this is new nice
and so fricking second please write with
it
no way another one come on whoa do not
know this oh my god thank you
this is going bright mommy's a Tanner I
mean Kaylee nice small town in Ohio
and I don't cook my consultation with
your love for you to love it well I
think you love Turkish Delight Turkish
Delight is good all this is all kinds of
games probably good impressions of what
you're thinking
yeah Jewish all oh the floating ball
people talk about you I'm one of those
so now you have one this is from Turner
citizens pool
I've waited on Oh Karen seventh grade
again please goes on
oh I think it is you soon you're going
to use Internet access yes salmon hey we
need to do have some jell-o jell-o how
now we waited to everything about on one
hundred more of those so this was from
Sam and Kaila this is why I make it from
invaders test shirt what is what spa
travertine big overlook get let me ask
ourself on the shout out
no come on as it is a sign on the back
we've got your back
ha actually hurt my back and you didn't
know it and gives we've had these had
just like three weeks but thank you my
back's all pretty much better now it's
almost quit milking it like you do if
you like cheese ball five you marry me
you can't run this bathtub yet with will
hug your office now Paris is going to
get your bitch of me trim instead we
shouldn't stuck in my arms in here
little more light that's a problem how
many around 77 hey love this is from
Tony are holding would accept that
Mountain Dew because we've got me
humility nah
first off this is really boiling torture
and I actually needed one good to hear
you talk to my first Lamborghini in the
new house bathtub actually this one was
this I just realize that I said much
eliminating from you now like I like to
do that in school single room thank you
for the stuff they can you see they give
me a war over their letters is just a
picture of me as a unicorn Danny and
cold dirt let me move these backpacks no
yeah cool oh my gosh but it's a holy
thing this nice pretty squalid I think I
can do wear those either really feels
like it would say some thank you
like I said stand killed do more but no
oh gosh oh my god flippin legend say
here and horrible is open bar we hater
you're my favorite youtuber I've been
watching your videos in good in thousand
subscribers my favorite video is the
1000 degree metal wall and inspire me
for my own YouTube channel called in the
bikers in 19 of the videos man wrote in
male thank you man Holly Phillips hey I
actually taught you that if you're so
sweet this lights up and then does a
piece on whatever's right see if I hit
the charge of it like those no this is
from Tina quickly ot8 Olivia gasps whoa
now hello this is act this is a
projector screen does that actually
protective affecting squad and SD cards
the shorter leaving a little flimsy
china on yo the halo projector with a
little images of rain samba cute little
laughing holy crap
this is honestly hot sticky let me read
it for Paul this is a 7th a business
where they can over top my name is J max
check motika
a family resort called with a lot of
time in boku no mount PA these are a lot
of work green I will read it later
Thank You J for the off the projector
this is from various Oh mine complex
function I know we didn't we
what yes I must put a bunch of those
those things done come on out Michael
min 1500 the jello my life here's good I
can earn my name is Michael and I am a
huge fan a business drive since 200,000
subscribers this past year I've been
working on a board game is called all of
the board game game includes the
tackiest visual professional so I guess
the guy who started bottling it was on
the playground go to 13 months calm you
know mom do you like see how many have
to do or what yeah wait all this is
pretty professional water ball you know
they got casting cards it's such a car -
why don't you put it too much I've every
selfie rolling for this I pull apart out
of here pull the card out you got in at
any hazardous I would say - please zero
out of five balls authors like leader to
do okay what socializing whoever wins
gets to kiss it again Brett one so your
cyber three please
four out of five very lot 30 live closer
for real live Mac save you from booking
little minion guy I'm going to say it's
full of candy and I don't want to open
it as battles another paper so I and the
last box for me yeah lots of heart
muscle look at this thing insane thank
you that was awesome doing
thank you Delon yeah can Taylor just a
little lie together we're thinking other
than Legos in the back maybe oh now what
okay
thank God it doesn't work but usually
I'll put them on like how guys get me
often iPhones wasn't like this are
Donovan I don't see a name on this one
but thank you okay I got it
yes addition to this video and I hope
you guys enjoyed these first few lot
building in the new house and out of the
shower cons yeah I think you have to
look like this video don't you leave
like Jenna friends you enjoy such as
nail LTS an eggless
let us know hit it I got a like that
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
