this is my baggy goodies you get nothing
what is going on guys today we were back
in today I hope you guys are all having
a very Merry Christmas is Christmas
morning I stayed up basically all night
last night can you see the bags under my
eyes I think you can I was editing
yesterday's video and I was learning a
new program court was helping me we were
both up until the crack of dawn hello
you're already upstairs come on Rose
you can join look at all this stuff yes
rose this is Rose's second Christmas and
Lunas first hold on let me set my bag in
the closet I didn't know how to wrap
gifts starting off with stockings is
that oh it's Bob Ross and the whole
galaxy I believe I believe tic tacs Sour
Patch Kids
Extra gum oh this is the best flavour in
the world chocolate and a little white
box hold on
is this gonna shock me no that don't do
anything with it makes a horrible
screeching noise it's for security
mainly for Taylor because what the hell
I want to try it out Oh God holy shoot
oh my god that is scary if you guys
don't know how the Christmas vlog works
basically we start out at our house and
we go around we go to my dad's and my
grandma's than my grandpa's okay factor
with scope you download an app and then
you can check your muscle mass and if
you're trying to work out I'm already
read mom oh that's heavy
oh I'm trying to be a beauty guru and
I'm upgrading well I'm pretty sure the
Dolan twins use that and they look
amazing all the time they do so what did
you get pop oh I don't know
I see roses I put this in a vlog and I
really wanted to get it that day my mom
knows I really wanted to get this but I
was like not not on t burger calm so you
go back thank you or insanely hard to
buy for you know this because if I want
something I go out and get it round
number two Taylor take a gift take a
moment and like acknowledge my rapping
it's very nice because Luna tore up the
have you got me take better care of that
one says Bob Ross is coming back ken are
still working away oh my god the savage
life chose me thank you
this one for me it's just a little guy
I'm gonna look so good more lighting for
the beauty guru yeah a blanket yeah I
came for you and you spent a certain
amount there's a POS this year huh I was
the last two years though so something
for a MacBook
I think world travel adapter kids that's
for your computer when you travel
overseas that we can plug it other
places have different kinds of outlets
than we do oh no you can go to all
different countries than use your
metrics well I said in yesterday's video
I'm going over the world in 2018 thought
you'd need it that's why hmm
I think I will I might sit at home oh I
get a big one Queen trade yeah now thank
God it has a lifetime lifetime warranty
I needed a new suitcase so bad my other
one that had Wi-Fi and charged in
whatever just the handle broke but you
never use thank you tailors box is
upside down but you got a cool blanket
yeah I know my mom's games by now the
presidents get better as we go and after
some still getting Christmas presents
when he's almost 20 does that mean I get
on well yeah I'm your mom you're always
doing get fun it's like one of them oh
wow interesting I get the same one yeah
night-night we got two more sets of
gifts it's freakin Ke$ha tickets with
Malcolm or but Tessa not were you
wanting to go with me no I figured it
was you and um yeah I have no I like
Cash's one or two songs I know that
camera is beautiful it will make your
vlogs amazing or whatever videos you
making no pressure no pressure no
pressure full disclosure we can exchange
it if you want I can't get into my big
box
I'll use the big scissors besides I
don't know what this is because I didn't
ask for anything this year I know you
made it impossible hard to shop for you
that's the way it came I just wrapped it
look at the side look at this keep
looking at all the sides there was a
picture flip it over
there you go Odie the car covered and of
course the last ones are the small ones
they're the best Taylor well when you
said if she does use hers elbahr I'll
use it I'm like well know that this
means you're gonna take her Christmas
can now I have more cameras for more
YouTube videos yeah I'm gonna leave it
in the box as well but thank you very
much well where are you going
okay my turn to give out gift to my
family mom do you already know that you
were gonna get your mother's ring she
lost her mother's ring with Oliver
birthstones on it and it's still coming
in whenever it gets here you'll get that
yay oh by the way Kristen what here's a
thousand bucks towards your car so you
can pay it off
thank you turn around I got here's your
guests they're not both from there but
there's a cat coming out of the pocket
and he's giving everybody the business
yes and I see some roses it's tough with
some roses yes thank you tailor to go
with your camera I got you a really good
tripod pretty it's so pretty
inspiration oh also a present that he
got me but you haven't seen this vlog as
my lights in my room and then throw
another vlog true I already gave him a
gift early Tristan I got you this it's
the Amazon echo you just yell at it and
I'll do stuff for you thank God I'm so
lazy this is crazy mom but you've
probably seen this a million times in my
room it's been sitting on my desk for I
accidentally ordered two and I just have
one laying around and since your ring
isn't here radar detector there you go
there's your phone you can stop I think
it's the first time ever in family
history someone's had a higher numbered
iPhone than Tanner yeah anybody I'm on
that eight plus game Tristan knows
exactly what I got him he was there yeah
my gift first there's a gift card to
Sephora
like Tanner's was a little bit more so
here is $10 because we're fair I'm here
this is Taylor's gift she was right
there when I bought it
oh yeah third planet I saw the oh they
will - mom drumroll please if it's a
mother ring freaking sweet is that it I
hope because this vlogs gonna be long
otherwise yeah okay cool guys we're
gonna clean up this room a little bit
move our stuff maybe maybe we'll just
sit around
I will pick up the vlog when we were
heading to our dad's house hey Tristan
what guys I got a new bird look Merry
Christmas
we got you your fishing pole back that
you let me borrow to feed fans candy and
eclipse yeah I just realized I've never
stared into the mirror with this shirt
on and made the same face dad will open
his gift to start off the movement ah
beaut right there we had to get you some
some rainbow for this house it's a lot
of and you know normalities gotta get
rid of them can we get it Jeep Wrangler
calm everybody I can take this to the
beach lay it on the sand with your mug
and your fishing pole yeah
dad's taking over the vlog practicing
his skills we got some freaking socks
thank you new toothbrush very much
needed and then we got a bag of candy
and some dolla dolla bills yeah yeah
more Gucci Cologne still the only thing
from Gucci that I own I have never
bought anything besides Cologne oh yeah
quittin won't be able to resist yes I
get a hold of this one my current one is
just completely ruined now I'm gonna do
what I get to do every year on Christmas
edit for a few hours two hours late Oh
Mary Chrysler everyone we are now at my
dad's dad's house and guess what he has
his own pair of Crocs
that I got him when I was like six but
they're made of wood he has just a bunch
of like Indian type stuff it's really
freaking cool and it just fit in so I
got it for him whenever I was really
young but since my Crocs are so nasty I
think it's time for an upgrade yeah
camera two hours late oh happy crisis
yeah are our gifts the only ones left
over there what the hell are you doing
Logan what did you get for Christmas oh
that looks pretty familiar you cube
bastard Oh what is that
bro we don't do this around here okay
we just don't thank you that's mother
snowman oh yes this will keep me busy
this is like one of the things I needed
the most
Wow Rick yeah this is going straight in
my attic it's a bathroom for the Attic
it's like basically a house but it's
inside thank you very much
oh this comes with it yes a bucket with
toilet paper
oatmeal cream pies honey buns oh there's
all the family guys seasons I got season
15 in my stocking and here's all the
rest all right guys we just left and
we're supposed to go to my stepmoms
parents right now but I kind of feel
like a so I think I'm gonna go home you
guys might have some fun but look at how
bright this frickin sunset is I have to
document this I've never seen a sunset
this bright it's making the whole sky
purple it's so cool you know did they
enjoy their Christmas presents stared at
me like - no not till you go outside
it's like she can totally understand I
guess Rose is definitely potty-trained
but she willingly goes to the bathroom
inside and like within a minute she went
to the bathroom came in went right to
the trees yeah Mike you little turd yeah
she's she's something yeah but we got
that fireplace working my camera's
freezing somes gonna stick that right
here I'm the only one home because I am
exhausted stayed up all night
editing I already said that I know I had
Logan pick me up thanks Logan because I
it's bedtime but yeah guys we are gonna
go ahead and in this video here and I
hope you guys enjoyed it and thank you
so much for watching sadly I could not
get this video up on Christmas but merry
late Christmas again thank you for all
the stuff ya did good but yeah I think I
so much watch this video and of who
you'd like to share Thrones be enjoyed
subscribe for new and also guys next
but you came looking like that you just
maybe
