what is going on guys today we are back
in today I finally have my room done and
I'm going to be showing you guys I in
the second like I said in yesterday's
video I worked pretty much all day on it
and besides another giant beanbag I'm
pretty sure I have everything in my room
that I want and it's coming together
starting to feel like home now and I'm
sorry to inform you guys that there is
actually no Kate Upton posters on my
walls I know I know there's just too
many distractions whenever I'm filming a
video my desk so she had to go there's
still a lot of fans running but I
unplugged a lot of them so hopefully
there's no noise and here we go
so yeah guys my room is finally complete
and colorful now I got even more
floodlights and now I guess I will go
in-depth a little bit so I guess we will
start in this corner and basically just
have a cleaner looking version of
everything I had in my old room the red
one still does not glow for some reason
I don't I don't know why well I have my
stereo system and then all my remote and
guys check it out with through this this
fireplace dude check this thing out it's
like my new favorite thing it's so cool
and it's so warm and it's the best
heater fan ever and I even have this
cool little drink enter my bed that you
guys know goes up and down I love that
thing it's my taco bed over here we have
some more lights and this is the cover
to my second beanbag that's coming in I
don't know when it comes in yeah that
will go right there and then this thing
of course the best hiding spot I think
I'm the only one that hasn't crawled
inside that the Lamborghini plaque two
million subscribers then the rainbow
poop emoji I don't know I love that
things and a big beanbag
aka roses bed put a blanket there and
then finally finally finally got this
thing on my wall and yeah Guitar Hero
guitar got my xbox and stuff and then my
desk got my monitor and stuff set back
up and it's basically the same just a
lot cleaner than it used to be and I
just have this tiny trashcan under my
desk that would fill up if you put like
two drinks in it but I just want you got
this thing today look at it it's amazing
and it's big it fits perfectly so that's
good I got this coat hanger installed I
have like a million hoodies so this is
great and I can never slam my door
against my wall this way my mom got me a
hamper and then maybe I'll actually put
my clothes in it I filled all my drawers
with clothes because I'm responsible and
yeah I think that's it but I have closed
put away I have my bed made its wild
honest with hello
lift up and tight all your peanut butter
oh thank you you know we all start
vlogging it's going to be a lot of
nonsense
no one can have any personality anymore
we're all just going to be talking to
our own camera rows like this cool cover
two and we can all for the same stuff in
our vlog rows like this like like like
this full cover - yeah the gang is all
here we're about to go over the traffic
rose has a mouse I'm never letting you
kiss me again we're going to the
trampled scene right now haven't even
been on the trampoline since I moved in
there are still smeller marks on here
and perfectly oh you did not you know I
do get serviced here not to jump
I've never translated in the middle of a
field before Wow
both victims their hologram I'm going to
get on the other side too the sun's not
on the lens you know what we should do
each other we could bring both the
trampolines over to that volleyball net
and do flips over it yeah you need
crutches all right oh he still has it is
still a trampoline kids ready for some
madness I'm going to go world record of
but front flips up saying that was like
the second most of the world
you don't kept saying like real naughty
words in my video ID edit so much back
to back my back
oh maybe your back still sore from
moving all those boxes well that was fun
and now I'm headed to the chiropractor
hopefully they can fix my back I don't
know why it hurts so bad I've done that
a million times but if you guys saw like
my arms went in a lot and I'm not back
to search really really bad oh boy
Wow I don't know why I'm like smiling
right now I honestly heard so bad I
can't carry the camera with my left hand
because puts too much pressure on that
point and it just hurts so bad I hate
the old-fashioned ones top your back
that like I just use that little cooler
thing I have because I'm a with I move
like snail so all the little muscles
with you yeah it's still gonna be sore
rest of today most of tomorrow and ice
for 10 minutes at a time two or three
times a day well I can I can push the
door open now still in a lot of pain but
I guess I just have to keep icing and
stuffing wait it is shock so bad I do
not want to deal with this my luck
lately has just not been the best so I
guess I'll see you guys whenever we were
back home I'm probably going to be
laying in bed for a little while hi guys
we're back home now it's been about
three hours so I've had some time to
heal up a little bit I have some pain
medicine still kind of hurts a lot
hi hi and I thought I heard thunder
turns out it's our movie room my mom's
walked into movies just listen to this
they're finally using that no one's used
it yet
I want to hear the great incredible whoa
if someone watches a movie I'm not going
to be able to sleep oh my gosh the
things loud oh yeah I still have set up
the Kate Upton posters pay show with
something wrong
why didn't he do not yes he breaks a
rule like what can use a convoy pull it
all the way yeah oh yeah and the yatta
what was his name doctor doctor I forgot
the guy's name but I'm not the
orthodontist where did I go to get my
back fixed chiropractor acid and the
chiropractor said that one of my ribs
pop my back out of line and something
else and like my rib was out of place
and I haven't looked back at the footage
so I don't know how bad it looked it
just hurt really bad I think I'll feel
better by tomorrow and I think we're
going to finish this video with a QA
because I can't really do anything else
okay guys it is QA time now salsa 2:00
in the morning what's your favorite part
of the new house favorite part probably
my room I've been literally the most
time in here do I get just good at this
camera I think I've been upstairs one is
how was the water problem in your house
going they clean my mom flush the toilet
and just just pee as she stated in the
video and apparently it was just bad
timing and it been building up and like
the sewers ulsan and it sat there and
flooded her whole bathroom but the fans
are at work and it'll be fine how many
tests as you ho have one for two weeks
as I count it did you could really I've
had like three four dogs unfortunately
we have to deal with one now I've had a
lot of fish
I had a lizard named rocky one he got
killed why they's cricket like its food
overtook him no and I had some turtles
and yeah next one I don't remember all
if you can swap by these just someone in
WWE who would be on dance magnet your
absolute favorite episode
the walking dead vampire the walking
diary is my favorite episode of The
Walking Dead
gimme a sec
I don't know I don't know if I have a
favorite because there's a lot of good
ones I love almost every one of them I
watched one tonight whenever they like
broke into the prison cell for the first
time and they found the guys that were
living in the prison off the prison food
and they didn't know about zombie
apocalypse will there be a mid Midwest
me to 2017 literally everyone wants to
know if there's going to be a Midwest
meetup 2017 and here's the thing right
one of two things could happen I could
have the best people in the world all
around the world fly them out and then I
host it in like a gym or somewhere
private that's not my house and then
it's like a public event and then it
would be like a crazy video fold like
the best flippers in the world or I
could do it where it is just my old
friends coming to this house
and we just do flips about half of the
kids that went to the locks meet up
still flip and I'm not even a good and
it's just I don't know it'd be fun to
hang out with them but not me later
where do you think the missing boxers
were like moving in all I found those
over the Weber's I look for at least an
hour they were in my garage under all
the poster tubes for shipping boy I'm
pretty sure the movers really hey yeah
what screw at this kid when will you get
in the ow
LD lvr a so I had a lot of people asking
like how much is this house how did I
pay for it
YouTube must pay so much well the thing
is like yeah YouTube started me in
YouTube as a big help and obviously like
there is so much behind-the-scenes stuff
that I've done my mom is super smart and
she's helping me like get into other
things I'm not just doing there's a lot
of things to go into it but yes I
definitely won now tre and I will get
one probably May or June I don't know I
just want it for summer I'm working
really hard to be able to get it but I
want to make sure I feel comfortable
because I'm sick of buying expensive
stuff because I feel guilty living in
this house sometimes still I don't know
why okay let me undo
and that is baking with for that for
this video and my fault overtired and on
entertaining sorry guys goodnight five
hours past our bedtime so we're going to
bed exactly my exact best time I'm
taking you guys so much watching this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it and
think yet I already said thank you don't
you leave like insurance friends to be
enjoyed subscribe you new
I'll see you guys in excellent goodbye
them I thought you came in looking like
that you just maybe
