oh boy so we woke up and I thought
someone was in the shower too but here
is our weight room covered in water
ceiling is raining my mom's bathroom
apparently like kept running and now
it's falling in here this will display
all to the master that I did I love the
toilet and for safety uh oh my gosh mom
my five mattresses are ruined the weight
said I've never used the room this is
just like the burnt carpet situation and
yeah Rosa likes it though what did you
oh my guys today we are back and it is
the first morning in the new house last
night was the first night we stayed the
night here and Rose actually slept with
me for one of the first times ever and
she's soaked and waxed you just got done
playing in the water yeah my room coming
together a little bit more and I can't
shower because we just turn off the
water to stop like the leakage so I'm
probably gonna look like this all day
unless I go to the old house what might
meet fer for five seconds huh that
sounds good got my pillows and blankets
here okay yeah just get my bed wetsuit a
stereo with some trash on it pretty
empty right now still I put that
Lamborghini flack thing right there that
I found out Dillon Taylor sent me so
thank you to him still have a while to
go on the desk haven't really plugged
any of that in but Xbox and TV and
everything works and actually have cable
in my room for the first time ever so I
can watch actual TV if I want to
it's kind of cool in the road why why
are you biting me okay is it something
now okay and yeah I thought I'd hit you
guys's vlog today because it's our first
day in the house and I'm the only one
here because my brother just went to
work and my mom is took my sister to
school so yeah our kitchen is still
loaded with boxes we still have you know
a lot of unpacking to do we got a good
start on the yesterday but today is
going to be pretty similar to yesterday
and our fridge one of my school seat
mayo and jelly that's okay I have my a
salsa and sweet pickles
and I don't know why but I can't find
like half of my boxes that I need I have
like five more boxes from my room that I
cannot find I don't know what the movers
did with them hopefully I'll keep that
taken care of I thought I'd show you
guys what we're going to be doing with
like this area right you
I have all of my Cade EPS and posters
right here and we're going to put them
like along the wall down here I think
it's going to be funny and the meetup
thing this thing that was always
hovering over my old room I can't decide
if I want to put that on that big wall
right there or if I want to put it in
here because this is all my space like
that's my house for my room right there
because I don't really have room for it
and I can do whatever I want with it but
I want to play I just love being this
house I mean it kind of sucks that there
was a leak is like the first day oh we
have insurance on that so it's okay me
and Dylan played ping-pong like all last
night and it's great because I can be as
loud as I want in the basement you can't
hear me upstairs my mom would always
yell at us for doing flips in the old
house and we can do whatever we want now
and you can even play ping-pong with
yourself if no one's here so yeah I
don't think we're going to be getting
bored in this house anytime soon I'm
guessing there's going to be a lot of
vlog coming like less challenges and
stuff right now besides you know of
course Co box openings and stuff because
there's just so much to do and that I
want to share with you guys and I just
want to say real quick the response on
yesterday's video was honestly so
amazing I went through and read as many
comments as I could and I saw like no
negative comment and you guys loved the
house as much as we do and I don't know
it's just so awesome I mean thank you
guys so much
oh and I get my fireplace today that
goes in this thing so I'm no longer
going to need my heater fan even they'll
probably still use it yeah I can't wait
till we're all moved in and everything's
settled and I really wish I could take a
shower I look like a porcupine okay so a
bit of time has passed since the last
clip and I actually just got everything
set up in my closet took forever but we
have you know the burnt carpet some foam
blocks all the souvenirs here's a bunch
of Taco Bell change from a lot of pit
box openings and yeah and I think the
showers are working now and I would take
one in my president bathtub but I think
I'm going to go to my mom's shower or
someone else's and Clinton's going to be
here in a little bit and we're going to
film the rest of this video either set
up the trampoline or do something with
this beanbag I haven't decided yet but
yeah Winston brought a hammer so I can
set up my play button but first we got
to go do something
what amortize Oh like a big cloud
this is roses bed and we're using this
jump on doing you matter you don't know
well we've made it this far and now we
have to go all the last Affairs and
through that door and around the corner
you know this was a lot easier in the
old house you get a beanbag move it 20
feet need to be where you want it to be
will make it through it all over this
kind of screwed through
watch out okay you're not being much now
I see the door I see the door we made it
yes let's do this way it's like a big
snowball mom we might leave it up here
for a while depends how fun it is so
this is the setup it's already looking
pretty good
that's probably 20 feet the ceiling is
so high we were very fortunate to have a
high ceiling now Tristan thought he was
slick and he took Dylan's bean bag
brought it in his own room but I took it
back and we're going to throw it on to
that one nice try Tristan we roll we
roll love you man
good job on the 1 this angle Wobblies
arriving we've done it off it and if we
stood on it we probably the ceiling so
we're going to be jumping either over
the railing or something I'll just throw
a little gem okay that's gonna be look
at all this dirt roads hair everywhere I
really want to do a handstand and fall
over
I'm really scared I want to get hurt
like first day I think I'm just going to
jump over it once like vault yeah three
second PC three two one oh we decided we
needed three bean bag just in case
because I don't want I want to be able
to do this again I'm just more scared by
hittin the fan on the watch hands
because love three two one Oh putting
your turn here try it oh yeah that was
so fun okay oh I want to do only one
more at least who's losing games dude
that's not thought he's really on your
bed just try
kidding me phone right there also lovely
the fields are here I'll make it stop
words crazy
okay I'm going to get up on this thing
now because it seems like an appropriate
height for a backflip that one's a
little scary
all the one up there that's my last
trick let's relax not dirty up here is
big in here but they're not all oh I
could do a mean arm here three oh that
was mean that scary okay last trick just
for just for fun you go back to Bob that
thing also real off the thing
oh that's and you'd only do it I can do
a Kathleen that you wasted I think cast
away I would make me not hit the fan
I'll BRB recently diffuseness Victor
okay I just realized I need a base drop
or L come on gonna be able to do it kind
of want to take my pants off with it Oh
it'll be funnier if I get hurt clothes
get in the light
whoa all interrupted so fun you gotta
try it bro no this pointing sweeping out
the pantry fluid yeah I didn't really
show like in-depth in that tour not
showing this look there's a lot of good
moon huh what no they already set up the
trampoline I didn't know that I didn't
think the movers would know how did they
cross the springs back I don't think so
yeah yeah they did
they really yeah wow I'm impressed with
the movers we're going to do a video
with the trampoline soon not today
because we've already done enough
craziness but yeah we'll probably put it
by the second garage maybe jump off I
don't know we'll figure something out
but right now it's a little bit off in
this video I'm tired from the cording
we're taking a nap guys I forgot to show
you we have the phone from my attic so
we will have to do an indoor foam pit
video with that like I promised months
ago and that will be a lot of fun so I
can't wait for that I mean actually I
can because it takes forever to move it
all in okay so I don't know if you guys
can hear it but there's a there's a
couple fans going in the bathroom when
they open the door
that's going to be there for four days
can't wait because of all the water
let's build if you like try to clean it
up but hey I got my fireplace my room is
on this way is actually to here man
my dad has come to the rescue to help us
set up my room hopefully going to have
my whole room done well I have a hold
another beanbag coming but besides that
like hopefully have my room done for the
most part pretty soon goodbye Quentin
I'm leaving because I'm gonna go take
another one Dylan and I are about to go
get in the hot tub I've only been in the
hot tub one other time like I got in it
for a little tiny bit but my back hurts
really really bad from moving stuff all
day long my room is like really coming
together but I'm not going to show it in
this video I'm going to show you guys it
in tomorrow's video so yeah be on the
lookout for that but here we go all I
have freaking carpet burn on my knees
from like standing on them okay yeah
don't don't make any sexual jokes about
that this is crazy
someday we will do a peel box opening
the hot tub we won't get anything done
will you sit here thank you
I'm going to show my coal room in
tomorrow's video but I guess here's a
sneak peek of this room you already know
what's going down but yeah for now I'm
going to call it a day guys I hope you
enjoyed the first vlog in the new house
more fun crazy stuff is going to happen
and Rose is something making cool want
to quit what why we I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like in charge of friends to be
enjoyed subscribe senior and I'll see
you guys as an excellent peace out
Disney my fault
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me sick fuck
