what if you online guys today we are
back and today is finally the day that
we are moving in a new house closed on
this morning which of the bank met with
the people they ran us through the house
so we know where everything is and I
spent all last night packing in my room
finally got it all done the movers come
tomorrow so we get all of our stuff into
the house right now it's basically empty
but I thought I'd show you guys what it
looks like empty and then like
progressively show you guys the house as
we move in but here's my room right now
all my bags and stuff right there those
nightstands we got all these boxes full
stuff got my posters and this long
skinny one so they don't give in and
that has been my setup over the past
couple of days a chair and my laptop and
that's it but yeah it didn't really hit
me too like last night that we're moving
and after putting all my stuff in these
boxes it's kind of sad to see this room
empty like I don't like seeing the walls
bare it's just weird if my closet never
seen my closet empty but yeah I cannot
wait to show you guys and yeah it's just
so sad seeing this house empty we had so
many good memories here and we're going
to make new memories in the new house
but seriously look at my room yeah look
at my holders used to be in here uh-huh
yeah I'm going to do like a little
memory reminiscing real quick we'll
start it off with a clip from Tristan's
room I mean they do it on the heel on
language counters okay this needs to be
the thumbnail rah
why are you all of Isis I don't have its
just slap it on there at all oh how
where does that oh there's countless
countless things from this room I guess
here's some of my favorite moments it
says Tanner flip daddy Braunger doh this
hats dope this is Emily goes Cody I CJ
do I'm going to wear this hat actually
wait a wee bit of a fire can't really
breathe too well but there's some burnt
carpet for you house a nice hole in it
oh god this is where I sneak out to meet
boys
there's even some from the bathroom I
remember doing a backflip in there that
really hurt my feet I remember when we
did the bottle smash prank here in the
kitchen that actually hurt break away or
not those bottles did hurt and I wish I
could show all the clips from this
backyard guys countless amazing moment
like this backyard made my channel what
it is oh my god no freakin way no
frickin way
it just freaking jumped off the roof and
literally landed sideways
that was your scariest second and a half
of my life I'm gonna miss it but there's
one more thing I got to show you guys
who could guess there it is
Oh No why can't we wear hats in school
do the dishes in the debt my mommy's
gonna be
oh here we go go go
and that is a bathtub of all I like it
oh boy this is magical then your
boyfriend of the year or goes back even
in the middle Oh a world second best
boyfriend yeah all I go say is the bath
in the new house is bigger and we're
going to make all kinds of new memories
check this out guys I already got a key
to the front door the house I'll hand
and look I even have a garage door
opener yeah guys we're going to have
that right now and like I said we're
still going to be owning this house for
like two or three more months till we
sell it we might just rent it out if no
one wants to buy it but we're probably
going to have to replace the bathtub and
like half the backyard we got to fill
the hole in the backyard or something
probably going to put another trampoline
lots of stuff to do to it but yeah we're
going to go check out the new house
right now let's do it
okay guys we're at the new house now and
yeah Taylor my mom aren't here right now
but we're going to go ahead and show you
guys the entire house I already have my
truck here full of some of my stuff so a
little bit of my stuff in this house so
I guess we're gonna start with the
outside yeah so I'm guessing people have
already like found ways to find the
address but we have like security
cameras and stuff coming in like a day
by the time this video is up they'll be
ready
yeah it's Cajun community so you don't
really have to worry about much I don't
know if they're ready I love the front
of this house so much it's so sick okay
you guys ready thought I'll give you a
little crib tour in 3 2 1
what the Frick we're going to go inside
right now
oh there's rocks there yeah also with
the security bundle we bought yes my
pers is it up there
Tristan's going around again unlock the
front door and we will show you guys the
entire house
hopefully my arm doesn't break because
I'm already holding the camera just ring
the doorbell they might they might open
won't boom okay so this is the front of
the house right when you walk in ones
it's bizarre there we go
we have the grand staircase it's pretty
sweet I'm excited so you walk in this is
my mom's office this is going to be her
off to space pretty big basically for
midget you know it looks like it belongs
in the White House that's kind of cool
semester that and this is the first
bathroom I peed in right outside of the
office then you walk across
there's the hallway there's a living
room I'll show you that in a minute when
you walk in here this is my mom's
bedroom the master bedroom I love this
it's written clearly so the new best I
don't think they're ready oh okay you
guys ready you better do all that first
off guys I'm going to show you the
closet hold on this is one of my mom's
closet okay
this giant thing when you walk in here
then the second one right here before
show you the bathtub but here's the
shower it has the rainfall shower in
school and get this she did towel rack I
don't know why I don't know why we need
this but we have it it's pretty cool and
I guess if someone wants to do their
desk work in the bathroom
that's an option as well okay ready
three two what guy think it is dude we
got boxes going to be lining the size
and bodies if I go listen here you can
live in it we still have the jacuzzi tub
it's going to be sweet now we're going
to run a bath tub and a better house
awesome and the floors are heated in
here and in the kitchen first
I don't know but yeah favorite part
about my mom's room there's a balcony
you walk out here let me
you walk out Oh check it out boom say
you have a house party can keep not
overlook the backyard you got a clock
there to see how long you've been
staring at the backyard so my mom can
always check on us when we have our
parties so yeah you walk down the
balcony and then there is the hot tub
right down here I love this thing look
at it in there we go I lift it up check
it out dude it has like all these
settings or I don't know what I'm doing
which press a button motive light up
that that's right boom there we go the
other words I don't know how to turn
this off that's enough hot tub we'll
check that out later yeah so we're going
to show you guys the rest of the
backyard in a second but we're going to
go back inside so you walk out of my
mom's room and down this hallway we have
here is the living room
it is massive I love it here hi oh wow
how long has this plant been here or
something like growing it out and we
bought it inside years yeah it's like
you know ready it's a big tree and we
kept the big trees that's awesome you
walk out of the living room and here is
that this is another little living room
area that's how you go outside but this
is the kitchen
hold up let's go let's go over here we
need a kitchen table right there but we
don't have one yet coffee stuff
microwaves sink stuff this big thing
that my mom will ever use just read out
all the time and then here's the fridge
it's massive
it's crazy and this will be empty again
because we eat out and that's it that's
far my personal favorite this
science-related
jewelers dude we don't even need them
but look there's two and enough for one
every now yeah then we have the bar and
I guess we can go outside you wanna go
outside before we go outside I will show
you guys the dining room there's a
dining room right
here and I don't know how much time
we'll spend in here but and then there's
this bathroom I have like a map or
something on the floor you can look at
while you're taking a nice poop but it
will also charge your phone while you're
taking it and then we have this room
this is where Rose can take a bath is
literally a dog bath we can do a few box
opening in here
and before I show you guys basement
we're going to go ahead and go outside
and up you walk down these stairs
alright there's a little fountain you
actually there's a light switch inside
that turns out on so this is the outside
patio there's this little fireplace
right here for you know some summer
nights it's going to be a lot of fun and
let me run through this gate real quick
because I got to show you guys this so
you guys know how big the backyard is
well we actually own this entire next
lot we purchased this as well so we have
all the way until that thingy and you
know all over there so we can do
whatever we want with that we can make a
mess so we don't have to ruin this
backyard like we ruined our other one
alright Korn has volunteered to take
over the camera because my arms getting
tired yeah and that way it looks more
professional time ago cameraman look at
me I'm so pretty that is the rest of the
backyard it goes all the way to the
corner over there rose we'll have lots
of fun running around being rose we're
going to lose her in your back you know
here is the outdoor kitchen this is a
Sun Visor walk in here I love this thing
yeah Fred you got the thing we all have
stuff we also have TV we don't have one
yet but we will I'll do this one oh
sweet I love how cheaply look what's
this any refreshment oh I believe the
pool is the same depth as the one we
have right now so but if a hell of a lot
bigger yeah it's a lot wider longer I
always thought I could jump our other
one there's no way I could jump this one
there's a slip and slide that's fun
and then that basketball goal is kind of
been I'm not I'm not happy with that so
yeah that balcony leads back up into the
kitchen but we're going to go ahead and
go downstairs so I can show you guys
actually no now we're going to make that
one way oh I forgot the upstairs coming
yeah there's a more to this house than
the middle and down another food cooker
yeah okay so back into the kitchen we're
going to go ahead and head upstairs now
so this is the balcony we have
definitely going to do some jumping off
here hopefully going to do an indoor
trampoline video or something I don't
want to hit that fan when I'm on your
butt
okay so this half of the upstairs tailor
side we're going to go ahead it was not
here right now but we're going to go
into a room just like I did in the old
house walk in this is Taylor's room she
has a pretty big closet as well actually
really love her room and then you walk
across this is a spare room behind here
because when they go side yeah the tiler
second bedroom pretty cool
now the closet and then right on is the
bathroom in between both of them this is
the bathroom that rely on these or pet
socks they do structures like how long
you can you'll stick your figure with PC
writing on the renal learner this is
more living space a lot of calcium is on
the TV this is going to be where his
friends can come over hang out and leave
me alone in my basement as president so
yeah this is certain room I guess he can
talk if you want this isn't my room
and I have some furniture here right now
but not all of it because they don't
have my nightstands in stock I love it
here's my doctrine
look what okay this is my room nook all
I do tricks on you funny to the balcony
here's the bathroom
Tiffany bathroom sinks I like the things
in there they're kind of cool get this
shower and you know right shower is so
sick I mean this is Tristan second
bedroom the closet here to check it out
actually this is what I'm going to throw
all my stuff check it out look at how
big oh my god I know we go to the Attic
I mean that's scary
well it's just lighten up you all oh
great
whoa listen Hume it's raining dust okay
we're not all going to come up here but
let me show you get it you know Lana oh
thank you it's pretty big and nice
alright we're going to go back
downstairs now
don't leveling listen Oh a new challenge
oh boy
rosemon oh you know it'll grow with you
them okay so you come down the stairs
we're going to go hold up what you look
at yourself for a little bit but we're
where's the downstairs guy I mean we
looked all around I just know I closet
downstairs rough maybe it's just a
really big closet mail-id you so
downstairs is basically online I mean
everything down here is mine except for
one room which I will show you in a
second and this is where I be doing that
and we warm up we didn't play the whole
game pool table that door leads outside
a ping-pong table we got a car I'm on
kitchen as well though be full of ramen
noodle and cereals little business you
know again we need a table over here so
we don't die brings in turn in the gears
TLB slowly for you now go yeah we're
gonna line this dude you can see outside
this is cute and we're going to be able
to put tons of fan mail in here all
right there's a half of it out there
here's the room that does not only
belong to me okay anyone can come down
here first of all no this one's to me
it's mark okay so come in here this is
one of my favorite rooms it is the movie
room we have everything look at the
ceiling there's like stars and planets
all the feeling this isn't a tutorial on
the - oh my god come here come here
okay so these things are touchscreen and
check this out is that the chairs
literally come out is so dope and you
can turn on light yeah you want to you
want a nice large then you got peasant
chairs and this has an office on it but
it's not an office this is going to be
the workout room once we get some room
to be you yeah
cordons going to have to tell me what to
fill this with because I tried to go to
a public gym once and then there's just
a lot of people want
like take pictures all the time and I
didn't like it very much so we're going
to get it like your own workout
equipment here I like it
mañana oh okay let's go last but not
least my bedroom check it out we got the
big bean bag you're sick it's still hard
as a rock
yeah I know and we need to fluff it but
there's the TV haven't set it up yet
and right here spliff I have a fireplace
in it but there was some mix-up and they
didn't get it alright but that will come
soon TV will be going up here in a
little bit got the gesture and
everything we assume you live a little
it my life
oh yeah that's a big like the best
hiding spot check it out it comes with a
dead body and this is the bed I've
already shown you guys in in a video
before it's my taco bed according to
Clinton no no show me what really used
it you put that side all the way up you
put that side all the way up in the way
and you can beautiful oh yeah this could
to be like perfect for editing I'll be
able to like sit up I'm in love with his
bed honestly my favorite I'm never
leaving it so all my videos from now on
are going to be from my bed oh yeah my
bathroom almost forgot my weird bathroom
so I don't know what that is the mirror
so you can watch yourself poop that's
awesome
the sink looks really weird as a weird
design it's weird but cool yeah I like
it this is a closet and yeah this is a
really like a fat like a toilet for
midget yes and this is the weirdest
bathtub ever it looks like you belong to
the White House is definitely really
weird but I'm going to be getting a
shower soon but for now this is what I
got and then this is positive to my
bedroom since my bedroom doesn't really
have a closet all my camera stuff all
that will be going in here
it's pretty big and uh yeah I guess yes
that brings us to the end of the house
tour
we ended up Nicholas's everyone but
stressing out he's gay I really don't
know but yeah movers come tomorrow so
we're going to be putting more and more
furniture into our house and I will
update you guys as it all happens and
unfold oh yeah right now this is all we
got and I hope you guys enjoyed it
there's the full house tour
it was weird at first because like after
seeing all her stuff be gone in the new
house I just like didn't like that we've
never lived in a huge house and it just
feels super weird at first I was like
kind of having second thoughts about it
just getting lost in house free food but
now once you get your stuff in it and
you know your family's happiness
it's all good and it's all thanks to you
guys so thank you guys so much for
watching the videos and sticking around
and supporting me and everything I do
and yeah no more expensive stuff for a
little while like the Audi r8 is going
to have to wait because this is too
overwhelming and I'm tired of feeling
rich because I've never wanted to feel
like that because all the people live
around us are they're all they're all
surgeons I just tried to paint around
the film the other house here just to be
in a good cameraman I'm gonna do a
backflip and we're gonna have you over
here I'm not going to lie in it but okay
here we go
ah oh yeah little that's one of very
many ones that are going to happen but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and stay tuned for more awesome videos
in this house super excited to be in it
and like I said give us some time to get
set up and everything yeah that is
basically it for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you guys so
much watching don't forget to leave like
and share different to be enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out
ha ha
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
