what's going on guys today we're back
and before we get into the pedo box
opening thought I'd show you guys this
just came in the mail
skittles hit me something oh yeah I had
a lot of people telling me that I should
fill the bathtub with one of everything
we've used and I thought about it but
that would just be the worst cleanup and
we're trying to clean this place up and
like move even though it's not clean at
all but they sent me a giant backpack
full of them and they also sent me this
I'm over you hey Taylor it's been
brought to my attention on multiple
occasions that you could quite possibly
be the biggest skills fan on earth now I
know you have suitcases and suitcases of
skills but you've been rolling around in
those ultimately making them void from
consumptions that's why I'm sending you
your very own skills vac pack jammed
with colorful candies that you can
actually enjoy your BFF the rainbow need
more skittles quiesce kill for a refill
thank you guys and of course yes I love
skills did I get in there now yeah but
I'm on the false aside oh yeah should
this be a thumbnail I would make it what
did you like eyes today we are back and
we're going to be doing the last few box
opening in this bathtub in this house
tomorrow is the day that we close on the
house by the time you guys are watching
this the house will be ours and we're
soaking all this work for like three
months we technically could come back
any time that we want on the video here
but we have milk and we have Oreos you
can kind of see it yes run there and
we're going to be filling my bathtub
with milk and then we're going to need
some Oreos and then we're going to open
some packages stuff but a milk and not
splash it everywhere oh that's cold
hey pick the love you idiot I didn't
knock them over
they were formally set up their 3G Hall
oh and Kurt ow
no water was that it sounds good in Oh
watch it hey don't spread you ready
laughing I'm not doesn't this if you
want on me and I'll take one I don't
know but I got to think like normal
they're floating but let's take it a
little wet one down oh we got more okay
let's get on all right
I'm saving she's with me actually one
for me I wanted out I think we shall be
the biggest package first good question
Joe that package that's really cool
that's not that what's that one Oh
Lambor Sweden this is from Liam Liam hey
would like from Jacko brat keep going
Taylor all the cookies are the bottom
and they're all nasty all this is
distributed we got a rainbow boo-boo
whoa what's up holy crap like this
freakin so I got they gave you
Brammer Nene I gotta give you the worst
call dirty game ever times there's one
these bad boys since I was a little s
well this better be a spear it's a
purple line of duty poster chillin in
the tub bro I cannot get in this thing
that's what he said oh we have Josh
relay really from New York lose the gun
can do a lot of the skin why doesn't
gummy that's yummy
we're ain't next why to do it y'all to
bite him do it okay buddy I want to buy
it
feed it to me well that's kind of
getting high there's already a bite out
of it there's already a final that means
that someone definitely opened this up
bid it put it back in poisoned incident
okay give it aah won't get it over here
huh I can't get into this
I got a large litters wad them are
swinging never Guinea Gallardo
so I can't I can't get in they walk it
out is anything even in it out
oh it's wood all that for a little ducky
huh hi guys so and this one I'm not
going to disobey the instructions no
your finger pulled your finger on when
we spray on there all you got me they
left their phone number but they wrote
it on a wood board
and I did jump me forever to get in and
I'm angry
okay guys as I'm editing this I never
got that package open because it was
like extremely heavy and I was sitting
in a bath and it's hard but here's
what's inside of it it's actually insane
I just threw it to the side but it's a
giant Lamborghini wooden board it is
insane it says congratulations on
surpassing two million subscribers and
it has a Lamborghini Aventador on it so
so yeah my apologies to the person
that's in that I'll hang it up in the
new house because I feel bad whoever
sent this home I use it from Jack's Jeep
here I want to lift it up right so the
gopro chest drop oh this is one sexy
relic from the springle trailer
sprinkles they got that keep somebody by
what are you open open it up I can oh my
god place the sponge right this one's up
they'll have when you open his mouth
well there's not that great is going up
yeah just say it is delicious is just do
it just do it
God do it all of that sit with Tyler
Goldberg Brian nipple was New Jersey
welcome Maplewood I like you I'm trying
to tell you my bad
I know alright whatever does happen to
give a coin milk does not give you any
sort of boring we're sitting in the tub
without anything and you're basically
going to be inch of skin class you now
in some severe shock Nikki I could just
hang my stuffed animal today and put it
in there the other one like the one you
have and watered you know that one you
just pulled out before the for now
that's litter this one so if you put it
in the water it grows well put
Why What why'd you give me $20 and
that's like 20 more minutes should thank
time to $10 I'll use a canon powershot
accent having 100 diet you need this ha
doesn't battery singing way to the lens
error restore camera that's who I gave
it to me a letter to me this hat is for
Christmas sorry it's bling to Jason
adventure huh Kenard you're my favorite
youtuber by far you're very
inspirational I've learned how to do it
back to the front plus by watching you
you will get more subs than pewdiepie
probably not well thank you Michael I
appreciate the $40 that you definitely
do not have to give this is from Rachel
Stevens I feel like those people from
icarly are going to come after me
because they got sent for me money stare
Tanner my name is Annie I'm 12 years old
I live in Oklahoma I love watching your
videos let's talk about your videos
about five months ago and I instantly
became obsessed you would become a huge
inspiration of mine am I going to be
able to light a front-flip thank you for
the anime eyes that's actually really
awesome I see you an iPad man oh yeah
but it's not not dead what was that
and I thought I was the iPad thank you
for the marker sunglasses hey Allison
she let you chew it then you say hi to
my sister Lilly and my friend Marshall
yes lily and Marshall house and hang
them or this just just chilling man with
no cars and science how old we gotta go
emoji pillow and I have that one knows
that and like 15 more we got a little me
DJ here oh I love that game
no way this is rock Berenson's DJ hero I
get to let you play the game on your
brain or something thank you do not stab
question anyone okay this is the food
service
alright honest answer oh yeah no a
little chair Thank You Jake for the
anybody want to try to eat this or
Shepherd in the zone I want some don't
come on that's the nastiest thing of
energy yeah well it's football cards I
had drink that down a football card you
drink this the crap we got we got video
game to page 16 WWE they know I liked
everything we of the machine gun the
shoots bullets get the box out of the
tub
look it's them to the core say hey baby
Thank You cat you mean it we didn't get
keep stop thrown on me oh you're not
paper paper mache you project
what is it daddy why do you put a
battery in the bathtub I only would I do
list it come on tablets
thank you bro I left but worship this is
why I'll never get more subs than
pewdiepie we ran out of packages and now
the video is not going to be ten minutes
and that means I won't get under the
recommended which means my eyes are high
they did black brain grape yeah oh dude
smells like butthole repeat no I fed you
that one thing so you give me that are
you with the rapper you say that now
would you go ahead if you give me P to
go on TV with your hands and eat of
their effort hearing mcafee high go it
oh my god Lee mud get that he is often
how this view I know you guys just get
in the shower come on hot coals didn't
get it get it start around a fire up
what do you guys in a minute or go I
have hours for miles and showers well
guys that's over this video hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you guys so much
for watching we'll see you guys the next
video how per bill is tomorrow thank you
so that's going to be awesome
and next time we will be in the new
bathtub so yeah now thoroughly take a
shower okay yeah that's not okay it
looks like a treat we just did art it's
going for $40,000 anyone want to do it
out 20 okay cool
there's like a tree design in the
bathtub from the Orient goodbye
I thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
