what did you owe my guys today we are
back and I'm with Dylan and Quinton just
kidding that's quentin that's Dylan I
didn't even know he said him back but
today we are going to be doing the who
knows me better challenge I've done this
with him and my sister before and that
video did really well you guys liked it
so we're doing it again but with him
seventeen is Steven versus would we call
you
Quinn famous question those an old xbox
name Taylor hello yeah I forgot you're
not really in this video we needed it is
a cool backdrop kind of I actually love
actually she loved him okay
uh why it's all through it's my video
I'm talking so today what we're going to
do you know I'm proud of you you still
have that shirt yes it's quite well so
today we were going to do our last
bathtub P o box opening but we went in
there after buying all the stuff we
needed and the bathtub still full of
Orbeez and my dog took a bath and there
won't you take it we gave her a bath
we're hopefully going to do that
tomorrow if I clean out the bath I don't
know if I will but yeah that's why we're
doing this challenge and now I got to
thank a question uh what is my favorite
Guitar Hero game star of three legends
of Rock TV one that's the point 417
Steven okay so yeah one point two Dylan
what are we going to ten I didn't know
sir I to that paracin one of these so I
can embarrass her because I know she
like barely knows my birthday I don't
know I think it's June 24th what's my
birthday are those made for me no I know
it's July 24th that one doesn't count
but okay who did I kiss first you or him
Dylan oh he buzzed in hey we're not
budding no one said yeah got a body did
we butter on your ding ding ding ding
ding you know what we're not buzzing
that's stupid you have to buzz Pamela it
doesn't matter who I kiss first because
there was just one that was better than
all the right it was my kiss longer with
I think my hope you're talking they're
about the same actually okay I'm about
to tweet out wait here if your fans know
it's been obviously me with knowing
that's not good what hospital was I born
in what Langley doesn't want to wish Tom
yeah you got it by bus first
I was more than the same one for sure we
all were high that's two out of ten done
that's all tied up who's going to take
home the gold what grade was I in or
what age was I when I landed my first
back wait on grounder trampling at
ground on ground oh great ah Rowley
freshman year is freshman year it was a
stray god you both suck I was closer
then what month did I hit 10,000
subscribers um before you it was during
when you to Hawaii wait here for Matthew
I may yeah I may 29 well if once you
have your one okay Arthur like for what
year did I make my first youtube today
tell them you did it first yeah all
right their time okay - tattoo - what is
not every detail I say long all the time
you go first
um The Walking Dead yeah I don't say
malcolm in the middle' a guy over there
and dad yeah I don't know many you
always say the one I've watched like all
the time I keep up with hey it's on the
ninth three two - loser I'm gonna ask
you guys when I had a hunter cave and I
don't know what is my dream car model in
color
ah later getting evicted or Azul Azul
Azul Lamborghini Aventador sure
okay sewer abyss adore Lamborghini
Whittier okay so uh daddy's ready three
two okay
my name is - he was a tune they go on
right knee at three so sir you - so much
- it was just three two - now it's three
three he had three nine - I need it - no
we both have two - then do I get three -
in Quentin's like ha ha or whatever and
the nice guy right now is tied 3-3
mmm are you sure you'll find out when
you're ready okay three three we don't
know what monster did I hit a million
subscribers I
I don't know uh November the size of
December
no I'll go over no okay anyway hunted my
hamburger oh how many times have I been
kicked out of Walmart three I think it
is three bubble-wrap when we were both
level rather the one time where those
kids want to show us their children
before and then I want their awesome
three times I've gone to Walmart filmed
me buying their products not to serve
the thing in the nice mainland I mean
least they said we're gonna call the
cops you come in again so leave a like
if you want me to do a 24 Hour Challenge
there I know I said I would but I forgot
oh and after we got kicked out for the
bubble wrap a cup follow us and pull us
over like a block later yeah what's that
in the back weed that's bubble wrap how
long is my phone password and six digits
you got it actually is here I'll show
you have four or five wait let's tour
for two three or five three so should we
just play for fun there's no punishment
Waylon came up with one's own whenever
you get spanked I format yes what was my
first youtube video of ah where's
YouTube there were you ever I said it
first
idiot first you didn't laying on an old
trampoline did you can you failed
Winton was it College were stripling
fell ever it was actually epic trampling
net fail we both lose your questions
suck wrong okay they're not mine mine
was you wish this video sucks leave a
like you agree okay this one's going to
be pretty easy but what was the name of
my pirate on pacquiao I'm Edgar MacNeil
I invited hi you should call AG Nuri
steel pot count
pop goes in four parts of the Caribbean
Oman oh look at him go
I think sorry mastering my game soon I'm
gonna play what age did I start growing
armpit hair for grade never oh I know
that's me show how I do I did it what's
wrong nothing there
I'm 17 and year from being a legal adult
with my 8th grade for you know 7
everyone literally everyone tells me to
shave it well I'm not doing it I wonder
what puberty is like how many guys have
like it all to 9 7 3 7 3 really after
all the time we slid the bathtub
what that weird never connected on an
emotion Iook witless stupid hey what was
the name of our first dog damn right I
never hung out you in the end result
wrong idea snickerdoodle Junior I'm
doing here he's coming back seven boss
after the suggestion that was haha we
was actually in general I can enjoy my
little Boston Terrier I was like yeah
yeah his name was jr. here's my
brother's dog and he ran away pretty
sure my mom left the gate open on
accident she wanted him gone and we knew
it Oh
how many subscribers I have at the
moment a 2.1 million I think he's right
yeah get three million look at that five
to seven right
mmm yo he's coming back you better you
better watch out what was the name of my
third grade teacher at Miss Taylor
firstly third grade so do the floor
what about kindergarten over that
business I actually do every
kindergarten and preschool very wait and
then I remember in fourth grade
everything because our teacher mentally
abused us yeah I thought it didn't even
educated students what are my two
favorite brands that I went um Nike okay
I know one or two is Dina's adidas and
diamond yeah there you go
Wow six-six-six who was the first
youtuber I glad with I don't tell waste
antenna box yeah I know it wasn't it was
me you don't count to nine to six I
won't walk away from winning this one's
this one there's a pretty personal one
he did connect with me and I've asked
whether he wants to admit it or not now
this this this could have been in the
back you don't know how I ever lost my
virginity and does that mean I don't use
you all right he got it yeah it was the
winner thanks for playing
okay guys a lot of a script
I hope you guys enjoyed that we were
going to do a step one but it looks like
the weekend with this no you don't if
you guys enjoyed it you want to see more
challenges let me know in the comments
below that run if you guys want me to
start a rapping career let me know down
below with a flow shut up
yeah thank you guys on the force videos
go because we like University of Georgia
describe you now and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out I can reach me
I can reach the camera go go and I
myself a name anybody's fault
you came in looking like that you just
maybe I kinda wanna say have I ever have
I lost my virginity and then I'm going
to believe that the answer and say you
win the love everything
