what did you want on guys we are back in
today well first of all I'm sorry I
didn't upload yesterday because we're
just super busy packing up this house
yeah I started picking out my room a
little bit it's like putting clothes in
boxes and stuff it's hard because I have
like so much crap that I don't even
remember that I had and then I got to
separate that stuff out and we've moved
like what six times more than that and
we do it like every two years so but
this was probably like the last time we
move I don't think there's any reason
for us to move after this if it's going
to be in Kansas but um let me get my
shirt family friendly Channel we got
going don't want to expose my chest
hairs they're coming in though I'm
thinking I do the backflip in heels
challenge today without breaking my
ankles my feet are a little sore like
the top of my left foot and I think it's
from riding Healy's but they're like
super sore and I don't want to hurt them
more but I'm gonna I think I'm going to
do it and yet we still get to get fan
mail we got to drop off all this stuff
this is uh posters and pop pockets that
we're shipping out this is our fan mail
right now and we got to put all this on
the moving truck and the movers come
what day Wednesday March 1st is when the
movers come to move all of our furniture
and stuff but we technically get the
house a little bit before that and the
first day that we get it the first day
it's ours I'm doing the house tour and
showing you guys everything even though
it's going to be empty which I wasn't
sure if I wanted to show empty or just
wait till it's full but that's going to
be like a few weeks and I'm tired of
making you guys wait and I think I
should show you guys at empty and then
like after when we have all of our
stuffs you can see how cool it is Yeah
right now we're going to unload the
trailer of foam and the back of my mom's
truck tour all this completely full of
foam and today is just another day
getting started cleaning up this house
don't know exactly what fun stuff I'm
going to film we will try to find
something to do and if you guys watched
my last video it was the dizzy waiter
challenges Clinton and it was like 80
degrees in that video
well it's freezing out again though you
can you can see the frost bumper truck
yeah Kansas sucks too bad moving into
the new house will not fix the weather
here
and the fun begins
this place smells great are you ready no
you seem right so we got all the foam
hauled off well almost all that there's
still some by the gate over there that
we haven't done I think we're going to
wait on that as you can see the bottom
of my fridge is disgusting we just
hauled that out of my room as like one
of the first things I'm taking out that
is going into the dump as well should I
open it up and show them what's inside
well we are in original ready ready I'm
open it and pose Allah knows oh look at
those are oranges they're moldy look
that just got in my hand and we're about
to go to Walmart and I'm taking my
camera with me and we're going to go get
a carpet cutting knife can anyone guess
why we are going to be cutting out the
burnt spot in the carpet and taking it
with us it in your house so yeah we got
to go get that knife and we're also
going to go get some McDonald's oh yeah
by the way my car is fixed now preacher
is just like a rock stuck up in there
and my dad got it out so I will be
getting that back today as well hey do
some parkour bro come on oh wait wish us
luck guys wish us luck guys Keeley's
with a shopping cart the best thing ever
wanted and I look sharp
look at me filming myself shopping
evidently so far so good
you ready we get caught now for the
xscape why are they allowed to record me
that I can't record myself well guys we
made it through Walmart without getting
arrested and he'll these are the best
thing ever this is so fun you need some
Haley's bro you're kind of slow guess
what what you don't have the best shoes
anymore try to compete your Crocs
with these bad boys are you guys ready
this part in there too were justice I'm
thinking a big square around the whole
thing you got to take as much as we can
wish I had a nice open this package miss
you're that one vine I bought this knife
but I can't open the package I've used
my scissors but I can't open it that's
why I bought the night what do
you say right here oh no it's working
oh god I think I think I did it hey
there we go
all right we're getting somewhere now
there we go wait that is I think I'm
asking where you meet them yeah God dang
it
come here carve it through seven pigs up
we're gonna have anything to take us off
look it burped through the carpet into
the whatever this is oh my gosh this
will come along with us
we street hold loose oh my god yeah
literally goes right through it
look at that well this is coming with us
and so are the the foam block from the
red hot ball and the green ice
we made a lot of memories in this house
and we got a we got to hold on to them I
so feel haven't taken a shower I know
but we got all the fan art off of that
garage garage door garage door lava door
all that's right here we're taking that
with us
I have filled these two giant boxes full
of random crap out of my closet I
emptied all these out these used to be
full of camera stuff got a pack of that
stuff got rid of all the stuff around my
bed Lamborghinis are in this box all my
camera equipments in there so I'm going
to get all my editing computer stuff all
that and I sell a lot of stuff in my
closet but I need more boxes and I also
got to pack up on my Kate Upton posters
you and a healthier that we're going to
go do some high heel backflips maybe I
think am i doing Healy's first I'm not
even in the mood to do backflip oh yeah
watch out for the stairs it has a
refrigerator leakage oh yeah by the way
I got my car back back so McNeeley
honestly should not be the hard like I'm
obviously not going to be like rolling
when I do it it's going to be our
warm-up to get into the heels bro
alright inhale ease this shouldn't be
that hard especially we're doing on
grass hey do it or you'll die no all
right here we go oh if I mess up at all
I'm on break morning you're gonna go you
know what else you should take as a
souvenir to the new house come with me
come with this yeah we need some other
stuff we destroys this was in the day in
the life of Tanner burger okay we are
here and my my mom's closet I don't
really know what to do her feet are
pretty small I know it's not really
going to work I mean it's going to hurt
bad either way but I can't really find
any heel heels these are like boots try
and find some clickbait one in on pants
is there any back here oh holy crap yep
come in here to look behind the door oh
my gosh yeah these are the one these are
so small though I guess
crying I'm so scared she's gonna have a
great time packing all this crap these
are better than my Huey's and your Crocs
I don't know if these are gonna fit look
my butt is longer than these I'm gonna
rip these and my mom she's not gonna be
happy oh my god I'm literally stuffing
my foot in this city
look at that this is me I'm literally
gonna die that's not a joke I'm gonna
break my ankles I can't even walk in
these run along back foot row I break my
ankle is going to stop getting these off
wrinkled Richy ankle am i doing on the
trampolines burgers it's probably better
yes oh my yeah I'm telling it now so
scared on my feet you're gonna put a
hole in them I can't do it like do it oh
okay I can do front flips in these all
day right you ready
I can't land it imagine doing a standing
pull on these mm-hmm
oh I did it I don't know if I want to do
this on the ground it's really gonna
hurt I really do not feel like breaking
my ankles and like right when we move in
the new house I'm gonna be screwed I can
just give you my crushes okay
I like to lend on my toes I need to like
running I'm gonna get some practice soon
so I was a girl I would literally just
wear tennis shoes I would never do this
if it's a wedding I don't care I'm going
with some Nike Free Runs okay I might
land on my hands and be like I'm
honestly so scared if I land it like you
guys all have to leave a like I'm so
scared right now it's just going to hurt
like I don't think I'll break my ankles
but you won't break drinking was just
going to hurt yeah it so scary
ready three two one oh okay hi guys we
got it you got it
three two one yeah
Wow yeah baby double front no please no
you already would put your I'm pushing
you look anymore I don't know if I can
push off the double front hold on you
got it
told ya oh my foot like twitch that
really hurt
wow look at this incredible don't look
as I'm done kind of glad I did it
because I don't think many people can do
that but you know on time we're going
inside all right we're going to go run
to Walmart again second time today and
I'm hopefully going to be getting a TV
for my new room because my to be
downstairs glitches all the time and I
just can't really stand it so Walmart's
going to be mad whenever I'm like sure
it was in their store alright so we just
got here and realized we had to go get
my truck cause there's definitely not
enough room for a big TV in here awesome
it's a fun trip guys huh
let's go okay so I decided not to bring
my camera and test the people at Walmart
I just know like the people that usually
get on to me work in the evening so I
was like whatever but we got the TV it's
just going to sit the box till we move
and it's another thing to move but hey
mom come here look what I got it's
broken cracker works for you yeah it
wouldn't let me buy your freaking
furniture with it who needs a new bed
when you have the new TV okay guys well
my hair is purple right now I look like
Ethan Dolan oh yeah by the way I forgot
to give credit to Ethan and grayson
dolan before the Digi waiter challenge
i'm pretty sure they made it I'm not
sure all I know is that I saw theirs
first and fan recommended it but it was
from them so yeah and we just did a
trying girl product that's why I have
this thing in the loo and it's going on
his channel so if you guys aren't
subscribed to my brother go subscribe to
them I always say link in the
description and I always forget to just
type interest in Brun Gardens but it was
a it was fun so I go to that and I'm
going to go ahead and end the video
there because time to pack more stuff
and get ready super excited to move in
the new house but I'm like really tired
right now it's late at night now any I
thank you guys so much watching this
video don't forget to Like and favorite
friends if you enjoy hey Magnolia be all
into that corn baseball don't forget to
leave like interested friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to news and I'll see
you guys next one please
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
