okay you turn off wait what's going on
fellow members of the Jukes quoi what is
going on guys today we're back and we
are going to be doing later hey be
careful with those which cost me $18 at
Walmart these are glass they actually
are glass so we're going to break these
they're kind of dirty because this is
how we fill them up no you gonna give me
Oh phone Apple tea just stand-in there
you buy a boo boo of God ah yo it's
nothing bending we should about
three-year boards yeah if you guys don't
know what to do with your challenges you
basically have your waiter tray and you
have some water and while we need a
baseball bat to you get a baseball bat
and you stick it and you swirl around it
like 20 times right and then you have to
deliver it to our little table we have
there so they're going to be five rounds
where you have to spin around the bat
and then you have to deliver the waters
to the table and the objective is to not
spill any of the cups and you get scored
on how many cups you have standing once
you get to there the loser has two
options okay - oh you can either do a
back flip inside the pit on the nasty
mattresses barefoot what's the second
option give Rose a bath or they have to
give Rose a back he's playing in dirty
water right now this is Rose right now
all right Rock Paper Scissors to see who
goes first all right yeah I Quentin nice
- wait why is it matter to go sorry we
have an equal amount of tries I'm going
first
oh yeah we're rolling we're rolling over
here we're rolling over here all right
so you're going first
I'll count your spins Oh
then in circle now you got to put the
bat like this yeah seven kid I got drama
drop it
you want my hand in there yeah don't you
dare breaking first all right that means
we're doing for the next time yeah sing
it first is a little hard all right I
sobered up about halfway through
I'm only doing ten my first time too
we're keeping the spirit now ready yeah
Oh God
three oh my god
seven nah oh yeah you're a nice yo you
can't like try to look yeah turn on the
hose oh I got it on my stock all right
go three how about 15 for 11 gonna watch
that string 14 everything's running
together this week's pit there you go
money fear isn't exactly hot oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah y'all go go wait quickly
it can't find it fast enough
I want to often if you drugs get bonus
points tell the customers new extra pull
oh crap my chute you ever stay on the
bat ready for anything
nice Ronnie give him you know
oh yes I'm still winning by one cup
though you know what no shoes from now
on to me I stepped in roses poop with
these socks in my front yard like a week
ago and I did this to him
now we were in Boston from Walmart but
they're better than yours oh one hurry
up
hey dude I've only had Cheetos and milk
I'm gonna do a black faster Oh 13 I'm at
13 you get it 20 here you go yo real
quick back again okay
dang it I was nothing to do for next
around god damn I go fast
come on 18 19 18 oh my god the whole
world right now
you okay I'll get you some water another
I think you water but there is Judge
Frank this one us oh no now we're
playing with flies I win we broke the 82
school sighs oh you're from sue ah why'd
we find laughing no you broke - I did
yeah that's all of them Hey still not
over again I'm winning by seven but I'm
winning by seven cups right now there's
only four left
I didn't see you get eight points max
which means I'd have to fail every time
turn to it by 100 dang why not get ready
for the perfectly I'll do some black
okay I'm gonna die I'm better get
yourself okay
yeah thanks a lot oh no you froze one
reason three and a broken one
I saw the chance this was going over the
fence like the caps mine alright I have
to get them all or else you win oh oh oh
you can't you can't ever focus you just
have to get everything's going with
remember icarly how they used to go
random dancing one more round I have a
chance if he yeah we can supply it oh so
he doesn't have to do it I have to do it
because the best he can do is hide and
it doesn't matter if he spills them or
not dance so he does not suspend me much
good so I was on the verge showing you
guys hot cheetos no you gotta do 50 this
one two three my socks are Oh in 1990
they say you know they say no oh dang it
yes
yeah I tried to drop them whenever I
gave it to him it didn't work let's go
get Rosa back yes I'll throw up it we're
all winners hey mister you're making a
mess
let me able to feel you he couldn't die
that wasn't fun I like googled how to
feel better after spinning in circles
mr. lay down eat a nanner and drink some
water my lord
yeah we both had bananas cuz Google said
it would help I don't feel very good but
he looks like he's about to die you
don't know what
writer the innovators oh come on Quentin
look she's sitting right out here just
waiting well you should bring her in and
give her that I wanted yeah she's
already tracking water come on come on
go pick up at you ok ok here I go if I
look through the display I get dizzy
again Road guess what out here look in
the back
ha ha one of those just for me that real
first dog in orbit any eat them yeah how
is it in there
oh it's probably cold I'm gonna mix it
around so hot cold hot miracle and yes
here now all right we need a cup here we
go
that time with Rose I got her there's
some dago's chances for you down here
your dad let me get your snout there you
please for dirt that my Orbeez bro
stop how did the not get any water in
the lid out come back the bathroom or me
come at ya Dan is gonna be the one
giving your back because I'm still like
kinda dead I sleep now Tahoe blue oh
thanks
please look now look at his or be what
she still Sophie I think we're done let
me make a pass or yes you too Jimmy Mack
come on down
choose your doing close that door Taylor
ha ha keep fighting because they are fun
punishment no no I read it on the back
flip on the mattress would you freaking
quickly he's a ghost
let me get your legs so Oh God why you
biting me is not going to speed this up
Oh bro what yeah look at that
I'll show them the back it we tried to
draw your off small that's not working
oh well
come on outros make sure you step on my
mom stuff
yeah I got her paws really well I
couldn't play with her filthy Drive that
is basically this really hope you guys
enjoyed it don't forget to leave like
each other friend for your joys and
leave comment if you guys won't see more
challenges share the friends and all
that good stuff and I will see you guys
in the next one peace out Cersei ah
fire fire cover with a blanket idiot all
that was a pillow all right let's just
do it come on
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
