mom look we're twins backsies full fan
mail what is going on guys today we are
back and today is the day where we are
going to go get me a new bed for the new
house right now Kristen's meeting us at
the mattress store I think he's getting
stuff for his room as well and then we
are going to drive to another town about
30 minutes away and we're going to be
picking up three kids for lunch because
they won the auction thing right you
donated time to a charity fun and these
kids got this time purchased by their
dad okay yeah and they're just now using
it and the show sounds horrible and rubs
like business what messed up like our I
think we're going to be taking my
brother's vehicle up to pick them up so
really sexually I can't pick them up in
my car by just I want them not to listen
to that noise you guys watch after this
video you prevent laying out the videos
it's noise there's the store and there's
where I'm going oh yeah by the way we
can't get the mattress today because we
have to like go in there find out which
one we want and order it and it's going
to be ordered to the new house just like
what happened whenever I got the couch
that's in my room had to wait I like the
dark one better look at the bed this is
in my room a lot of it okay so picture
this at the end of your room where does
where the TV is now there's a big TV
above it you've got your gaming stuff in
there and then you put this on the other
wall I'm in your big bed this is going
to replace my heater fan he's the
ultimate heater family I think we found
the one in five minutes I can take a
longish off like I do Chris I can edit
like this halfway up it's just so fancy
right now my dad is literally one
mattress on a wood board oh he has a
little water break yeah I think there's
no giant plush beanbag here so this
one's a second option this one has foot
up and head up this one's soft here yes
they can both go at the same time this
is as high as it goes bro I could chill
like this all day watching TV this is
like perfect
Xbox position well I might start playing
video games again Guitar Hero right here
this is how you get diabetes one bad
thing about it I can't do any flips on
it it's not bouncing okay so we are
heading out now to go get the fans and
you'll pick them up from school and I
will see you guys whenever we are there
alright we are here at the school got to
go pick them up I don't know where we're
going are we going inside to school I
so trying to find their dad haven't been
inside of a school in since May yeah I'm
good are you doing man good
I'm gonna go home thanks for doing that
do they know he's comin yeah they do and
I told the school this a little bit ago
she's the first one there hey what's up
girl Oh smells like Oh remember the
little milton Hyde's right in here what
are you guys up to
we'll take it up ty yeah all right I'm
good time thank God later yeah hey fella
dad nice to meet you they hop in
I don't know how he knew you were coming
but he knew you were coming thank you
you're like welcome to Grand View sorry
to stop you a hallway yeah yeah but we
don't have my car here because it was
making really really weird noises so we
have my brothers which I mean it's been
riding it down my thing oh yeah radios
with my camera okay you guys wanna do
you think so Taco Bell's that whatever
they said I kind of heard that they
explode you guys have like the coolest
daddy reminds me of my dad a lot most
like if they both have really muscular
calves that's what dad looked like
whenever we were there is yeah so dad if
you're watching this I'm sorry Thank You
Lilly let's just get go after noon if
you're on a load so I need to get some
speed listen daddy get a great soft
tacos
and regular waha black screw you guys
walked all the YouTube like you go
through I want you to bet me like you
okay honey
boom this is the life right here yeah so
these are the different along for bikes
Jase is going to video me doing a
backflip all right here you go hold on
there it's already recording
yep I'll do it right here already let's
go off that wall yeah your turn buddy
I'm around here adventuring he's doing a
front plant where are you doing for
focus I'll do it up here on the drive
hey he doing it up here in the grass
parent bit of progress around here doing
flips oh oh you're that you need to burn
practice yeah
future doesn't work out do from flick to
again cow
see my buses but he won't break his neck
who then
yeah like last trick buddy yeah couldn't
feel my give Alan told Tracy's never
know
you heard him like I better get a
million likes on this video and thanks
for signing up posters form oh yo get
your pop sockets alright don't thank you
Mike traffic also online I hang banners
Congrats man is awesome keep it up bring
it in now thank you guys I'll see you
guys later
who is posted yeah it's more I think the
wrong clothes to wear he was also just
gotta be awesome kids completely nice
family dad was like my favorite person
ever he's all mostly cool if you're
watching this shout out to you guys and
right now we are heading back home to
empty out Larissa foam pit on this
toasty day yeah we got to take them out
of school went to Taco Bell got them
some pop sockets signed some posters we
ventured in the forest for a little
while nice little boy yeah it was fun
right we are back home Quinton is on his
way we just got a lot of boxes there's
one of these my guitar probably not hmm
a strip some stuff put in video now I
have a peel box for a reason ready to go
outside good girl
hey what do you do you've been playing
with my home alright so Clinton's here
we're going to try to get the cover off
it has water in like weird awkward box
that makes it insanely heavy but we're
going to try to lift it up with both of
our Massholes yeah I mean his in my arms
which is all oh thank you your phone I
mean you treasure those things now so
limes these rectangle ones for like
three years and never left them out in
the rain wanted I get magically stepped
on with our shoes yeah once Dillon
picked at it and made a smiley face
oh yeah it's kind of bad yeah because
they're impossible to buy you know just
by all of water out the bottom of them
alright we're going to get this done and
then I'll see you guys once we're done
what what are you doing there parfaits
tubes we have mostly got the foam pit
down there's still some foam at the
bottom there and that you're thrown some
out to the gate and we're going to put
that in the trailer soon yeah I mean
coin I've been doing this for like two
and a half hours probably against maybe
maybe for probably like two more hours
and then got to get the leaves out might
do that another day even though we're
already nasty but we have one more
blanket that we found my favorite
childhood blanket my red and blue one
just ruined kind of cool those nasty
three foam pads one on the burn uh but
this I saw earlier this is one of the
guns from the p.o box opening a long
time ago look at chipping it alright
someone said this I remember we opened
it up and I was out here shooting it
with Quinton and I guess they got left
in the foam pit but yeah it's disgusting
hey you think water will come out II
don't you see look it's a water gun now
holding trigger oh you close me real
rough you better calm down there's also
some talk about trash everywhere it went
we've also made a puddle from getting
water out and yeah we are almost done
I'll show you guys it whenever we're
completely done totally dark by then it
a month oh I don't know one's nasty
there's also two matches down here why
you water Oh a part of my boots coming
undone oh I mean it worse but look what
50,000 likes I'll do a backflip on these
matches 100,000 likes and I'll do a coat
we also found the bottom of a shoe
oh so scary we're going to go take a
McDonald's break right now though let me
grab a tank top bro I'm a brooch and we
have 30 minutes because I have an
interview with a magazine in 30 minutes
or a newspaper right wait I want to take
a look at the trailer first oh my gosh
Dodgers made progress on an amazing you
deserve the best way for every medal
that you gave me hi guys we're back from
McDonald's I am with what do you guys
name Matt
Fernando we are doing a interview right
now for the Wichita Eagle and interview
okay sorry for I need the English lesson
apparently as well but yeah do this and
we're going to finish the foampit and
then I'll show you guys what it looks
like hopefully when we're all done no
just Kansas calm okay Kansas calm it's
going to be the Wichita Eagle if you
guys want to see this newspaper article
it's going to be pretty cool I think
there's pretty interesting questions in
there you guys are really cool and yeah
including super cool and now we have to
clean the rest that I'm about to do a
back flip on the messages inside there I
don't know what I should do it off
they're both disgusting oh I'm scared I
overdo it and fall like what if it's
about these these dogs already going in
the trash I dip my foot in the water
earlier okay give me a countdown 69 68
0.5 action oh it's all my life flash
before my eyes
Oh real quick come here comment check it
out showed you guys this one yesterday's
video okay we have this one as a
souvenir than the one from the thousand
degree knife we're keeping that Syrian
kid they're all yellow and this is we're
not keeping this one but this is the
nastiest one we have let's get a 360
okay guys well hold on let me let me
climb over here trailer is full
completely we still have all of this and
look my fingers burned from grip in the
corners of it it sucks
my mom shots almost full we're going to
film my truck and then we're going to
call it a night but today has been a
super busy day and I usually like the
busy days just because it's better than
being bored and sitting doing nothing
it's been a lot of work and yeah you
know what your payment is
how about $1 per film block I moved and
that's actually a fair this stuck every
phone block that was full of water was
like throwing a bucket of water it takes
so much energy and there's a block of
water it's it kind of sucked but yeah I
guess I just basically over this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it and yeah thank
you guys so much watching this video
don't forget to leave like enjoy the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to you
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out bye bye hey my fault my you
came in looking like that you just made
