what are you going on guys today we are
back and it is sending out again very
nice out and it rained a lot yesterday
by stunning now so I decided I would go
out and start cleaning out the foampit
trailer still sitting out front and I'm
the only one home right now but decided
I'd try to start and I've gotten this
far it's really hard because half of
these are full of water and they're
really heavy and it doesn't look like
I've done much but then you see all that
over there and then I got to haul it all
out
to the trailer to be honest I think
we'll have to take two trips of the
trailer I don't think it's all going to
fit in and roses here I guess playing
with her emoji pillow I got her am i
right and don't worry guys I've been
using blogs you know being safe to this
stuff is honestly disgusting I've made
it at the bottom you can see the bottom
right there there's probably a few
inches of water down there but one by
one grabbing them and throwing them over
there and then I'll throw in the defense
and then I'll throw them inside of the
trailer so now a fun day so far
alright so I've made some progress been
out here for about two and a half hours
now Rose is still chillin with me she's
in a bush number last time you in the
bush it was because you got stung by the
bees which are actually still here but
so far I found two blankets whatever
that is I'm putting all the leaves on
there because we're gonna have to get
rid of the leaves obviously and I was
down in there for about thirty minutes
just standing there but now I'm scared
because I saw a giant spider and he's
somewhere in there rose get off what are
you doing bro oh I just saw the spider
where'd he go where'd he go oh I think I
just told ya I see em I see em I see em
yeah what the Frick I can't I can't find
him I think he's camera shy I don't
think I'm going to be able to find them
well that sucks I guess oh and I also
found that the foam block that we use
with that red hot ball this one is going
to be a souvenir some marshmallows trash
there's another blanket tons of pillows
as well but no snakes or anything yet
surprisingly but we're not done yet we
still have all that to go and everything
under that tarp it'll probably be dark
by the time I'm done alright guys I just
went in and took a shower and this is
all we have for today calling it a day
gonna try to finish it tomorrow because
it's supposed to be nice and tomorrow
but right now I'm going to get my truck
from my dad's house because I told you
guys that rain Dylan has stormed a lot
well it's kind of my fault that this
happened but I was going down Paris's
Road and it was really muddy and nasty
here's a clip of that
oh my god dude can I make it time let's
go oh god yeah I just don't get success
and this is what my car looks like and I
don't know if the Mudge the problem or
what my car squeals horribly and if I
turn to the left it's fine if I turn to
the right it gets even worse I don't
really know what to do and since I can't
stand the squealing and I don't want to
make it any worse we're going to go to
my dad's house right now pick up my
trucks okay I actually have a use for it
right here I'm going to drive my car and
hopefully you guys can hear it I think
you'll definitely be able to do you hear
that that was just reversing down my
driveway I'm gonna have my camera out my
window just listen hear that
what Duff oh it sounds like I'm driving
an old pickup what the heck ah yeah I've
been blasting my music to drown that out
I'm gonna go get my truck and then I'm
going to go get Paris she just got out
of basketball so hey another reason to
work for uh another reason to work for
the Audi RA am i right y'all hopefully
within a couple months hi here's a right
turn let's roll down my window for this
listen oh so bad literally sounds like a
fork on a plate but there's my truck
thank you Dad for pulling out of the
garage and I'm going where to park my
car out of the way okay that's really
good oh I just realized I can't listen
to music in my truck either doesn't have
an ox a long time no see country boy
mobile it smells like old man in here
still from the guy I bought it from then
on do I have a radio wait I might have
an aux cord I never tried this out oh
yeah let me let me try it out what this
works I'll crap my pants if it works so
I need a charger oh I think I needed I
need a charger at least i gentleman's
tic tacs and a screwdriver for country
boy thing I'll have Pyrrha skipped a
cord because we need some music yeah
I'll see you guys once we are there
comedic you know just accord well wait
this is your second time jogging in my
truck right mm-hmm I brought it down
here once because I was like oh I'm
gonna hurt my car that was like before
any of you guys found out about Paris
but all right we're gonna plug it in
this better work
yeah well it's plugged in and it's not
working so we're going to sit in silence
there's a radio okay well no one listens
to the radio it's not bedtime yet so
I've seen a lot of comments and you guys
are asking tanner do you ever hang out
at her house because we're always here I
did one time if you guys have me on
snapchat I climbed up on the thing in
your room right right right
that was pretty fun yeah I don't know we
just don't know anything out there but
tomorrow is going to be a special day oh
yeah I can say it because this video is
going to be up after I do it I'm going
to be surprising I think two kids
picking them up from school and taking
them out for lunch they won this thing
for a charity auction it was like a
raffle where you enter and you get to
spend an hour with me so I'm going to go
pick them up from school we're going to
go eat you know we should play some
guitar hero to pass the time this is the
struggle I don't film all day and then
it's 9:00
it's boring okay fine I'll play guitar
hero for you gosh and I don't know how
many of you guys know this but I bought
two guitars off of Amazon for Guitar
Hero and neither of them worked and yeah
I just bought a third one and if it
doesn't work I'm giving up but I'm
addicted to Guitar Hero but I'm getting
better at it which I don't know if
that's a good thing or not are you proud
of me Paris no get over here and learn
yes we all found that out last time I'm
gonna make you be my camera woman
Pakistan that ah that's what a good
camera woman does okay first off do you
guys like my outfit today
no just showing my outfit talk sure the
worst cameraman ever why'd you stay on
my feet so long I've been getting a
hundred percent look at that five stars
hey if I get 5 stars in a song I get to
leave you for Kate Upton no that sounds
too no you want me to record you shake
on it
no not gonna see it kinda maybe are you
ready
Oh hundred percent here I come
hope your new guitar works are all be
sad I'll take that fake gun for miss
list P o box opening is actually human
arm retired can get it out whatever
little guitar
now these are not not in this my final
trick to try parts are you ready do I
get some angles where you got to be
close-up on the fingers in you got a pan
you know please shut up
what is that oh yeah hasn't worried what
we do one from the cameras off thank you
guys you're so good it recording oh yeah
yeah the winds always look at that
effects and everything alright guys well
there's your daily dose of Guitar Hero
what actually happens once we stop
recording is we watch The Walking Dead
like reruns of The Walking Dead we
really turn it on on Netflix and watch
old ones run season six of watching them
again it's like the best show ever if
you guys don't want The Walking Dead
you're missing out know what else to say
what's that face hundred percent I think
so okay Dustin says Manuel I'm here but
yeah guitar hero in the new house going
to be lit oh my get a new TV for my room
because this one like I don't know if
you guys saw any of that random spazzing
out it does need a new bed because this
is for a waterbed nice have a normal
mattress on top of the wooden bottom and
it's so uncomfortable it's actually
really bad her vet is amazing that
sounds really bad for her bed is really
soft it's like it's like a big pillow
it's great I'm going to get one just
like that yeah we're moving soon still
haven't packed up that much stuff we
need to get on it uh no foam pit was
supposed to be the first step today but
I only did like half of it I need to get
my head in the game
look at this guy's alright look at Paris
this phone us to write on that's so cute
nobody mind even better
hmm I could put like a picture of me and
Kate half-and-half it was Clinton and I
and if you guys thought I was lying
earlier the walking dead is on and while
we're waiting for my mom to bring me
food this is the everyday isn't it
what movie is that mango oh thank you
you got me an actual coco said freeze
well I didn't what kind of mother are
you all right grab the keys
grab the Hat there you go
you're ready to go skateboard or
whatever gamer girl is dude now is that
time a night where I take Paris home
because she has to go to school I'll her
get this oh yeah you better take your
charger dad is she
it's the murderer let's go oh my god you
I think it was Rhodes actually I don't
know something's running over there
can you leave wait hey thank you you
have your charger wait you're wearing
you has a necklace
hey it's past your bedtime you better
get going I'm really good sleeps right
here okay well alright I'll shut off the
lights good night everybody
okay good night now for a silent ride
home or listening to horrible music as I
continue to almost hit Paris's dog that
always runs out in front of my freaking
vehicle why why why do you do that can
dogs be suicidal anyway so yeah home
more fun it's so fabulous
check out these last names there for
gonna ridiculousness
that's like me whenever I'm reading the
PIO box last names I don't know roll
clip alaria earth himself this was from
jasmine Schroeder Broder's wrote like
that was just from the last one we have
a weird long last name too though so in
the video with you I told them you have
a snapchat my last video if you remember
that well she actually had some snapchat
I'm thinking we react to them for like
some video no I don't know how many you
have it's just reacting to my mom's
cringy snapchat but yeah a lot of you
guys like the video with my mom so I
might be doing more with her I don't
really know I like to in videos to my
family I could do a family P o box
everything maybe maybe I don't think we
can all
child:ah well new house new house
everyone's going to be expecting a pool
in your bathroom I think I'm on a vlog
tomorrow just because we're going to be
doing stuff in the new house and getting
ready like today I didn't film very much
because I was just packing up stuff and
cleaning a foam pit yeah I'm on vlog
because we're going to be meeting the
fan cast you just reminded me so yeah
that will be tomorrow's video okay well
good night mom well guys I'm going to
continue drinking my Coca Cola that my
mom got me even though I didn't want it
and that is basically it for this video
hope you guys enjoyed it and as always
thank you guys so much for sticking
around and watching all my videos and my
blog even though some of them aren't
wild and you might not love all of them
but thank you guys honestly for sticking
around and watching and yet don't forget
to leave a like and share to friends if
you enjoyed subscribe be new and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace out
you came in looking like that you just
made
