water earth fire tanner long ago YouTube
lived in harmony okay we're not doing
this hold up long ago like three weeks
ago or something there was a youtuber
but but but he disappeared and there's
his empty room to prove it
a week went by no one cared two weeks
went by a few people care three weeks
have gone by and the ten clan is getting
flustered where is the tan man where is
the ocean man has he been being
productive you'll have to find out this
summer when Tanner Bragg dog will come
out of hiding most likely a closet just
kidding
it's a window yeah going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day it has been
almost one month since I've uploaded a
YouTube video and a lot has changed in
my life over this month and don't worry
I captured it all on my iPhone and I'm
gonna explain it all in a second but
guys I think we're gonna start this
video from where we left off at right
here at my desk here we have an active
cameraman right now Dylan Mitchell's in
the building ah like it's still for sale
t brogurt no we're not doing any of that
seriously though look at all these
videos I took okay that's not that many
but there's a lot in there okay
okay so the last video I uploaded my
youtube channel is February 23rd and
it's almost a month later now all that
how old in this video I explained
basically everything that had been going
on with my life I completely opened up
and told you guys everything that's
going on with my health and I slipped on
some ice so it's a good video go check
it out after this one of course haha and
all I've done over this last month is
just work on every single thing that I
told you guys and we will get into that
in just one minute but I want to review
this real quick and just anxiety and I
have this pain that comes to my side and
stuff I would do whatever got me the
most views whatever was gonna grow my
channel and overall just make me a more
successful person and eventually I
started hating editing and I had hating
filming the videos period because there
were videos that I just simply did not
want to make I didn't deeply enjoy
making them basically I would okay
that's all I want to show you cuz
literally so many of you guys watch this
video look at this 1.1 million views and
twelve thousand three hundred comments
39,000 likes 1.5
thousand dislikes that ratio is insane
like here's the normal male genitalia
there's Dylan's like it's so small the
ratio is insane so yeah at the end of
this video I told you guys that I might
be trying to upload I might be taking a
break I did not know but once I started
like trying to progress my life instead
of still making videos while trying to
do it which was not working I finally
decided I just need the break and I'm
I've just been feeling great I went okay
look at this first off look at my trash
can right now healthy boys filled to the
brim with healthy stuff cuz that's all
I've been eating I've also been working
out ready who do look like so coming in
you're gonna be a body transformation
some day some of you guys might know
what I've been doing throughout my break
but some of you might not because I've
seen a lot of comments when are you
coming back to YouTube and I have posted
updates of when I was coming back but no
one seemed that listen everyone was just
getting pissed so the first thing that I
did was I went and got my blood taken
for the first time they took three
bottles of blood three or four and this
was so that they could test my genetics
and everything because my mom you guys
already know from this last video that
my mom has a mutated gene so she got it
from her dad I have a genetic defect the
defective gene and you gave it to me yes
smooth move MTHFR got something that
went wrong when she was born the causes
are to have problems now like headaches
and whatnot and I've always had a ton of
issues just throughout my entire life
excit bla bla bla so I went to go get
this test done and we have the results
now but I can't just skip to the good
part so this is the first thing to
happen let's just get this out of the
way real quick pretty embarrassing my
mom told me so she told me so a lot but
it lasted a long long time here it is oh
my Wow it's a pretty windy day
oh-ho very windy day that's weird I
remember that trampoline being over here
oh my god well my mom told me it fell
and it literally felt vertically to
where it didn't hit the garage or the
big trampolines somehow my kids well
there goes like $5,000 where the
scaffolding do you guys go here's
getting my blood drawn
a week went by and I still didn't have
my test results and then they told us
that I was gonna have to get more blood
taking because I messed up and something
and then I was like god damn it but then
my mom told me this I don't have to get
more blood yeah yeah I don't gotta get
my blood take it again but then I had to
so yeah thank you
so yeah the lady kind of stood in the
way but my mom told me that I was
getting less blood taken and they took
four instead of three Wow next up I took
a flight with my mom to Chicago because
we had to go in front of about 40 super
super super important business people
that owned like literally all the brands
in the world from every candy to every
car so we went out there and my mom and
I gave two hour-long presentations in
front of all these people and it was
kind of nerve-wracking but I did really
really good especially on the second one
yeah it's really just whatever I mean I
killed it I'd say and then from there I
took a flight to California where I sang
some Big Time Rush in the car and we you
know I don't want to spoil the great
part but we went to California for
something what could it be huh
then from Chicago all the way back to LA
and then all the way back to Kansas in
three four days and then March 14th came
I finally got the results back from the
blood work that I'd gone through and
here is that update video I know this is
just a lot of back and forth but it'll
make sense well we got the blood work
back and it turns out I have like a
double gene mutation I got it from not
only my mom but my dad as well so I have
doubled the problems that my mom has I
already knew that but now I'm going back
to that doctor very soon so we can
discuss like what kind of medicines or
treatments that there are for what I
have I've spent the last three years of
my life not knowing what's wrong with me
and now okay back to current Tanner so
now at this time I'd completely switched
up my diet I haven't eaten now and
literally a month and now I haven't
drinkin any pop you want to see the
trash can again there it is we have
organic milk in the fridge organic
everything let's go do a little little
pump real quick come on come on come on
come on into my office
oh I be through the fire and flames on
expert on guitar hero without no fail on
that was like a childhood goal that I
had to get done and I did perhaps this
is it guys we're going for the gold I'm
holding you with a glove on Michael
Jackson in the building Logan's taking
over the Cham
seasons change
bounce
well so do you Oh like a passability
look and I can you got it you got it
looks good know what you ice drums too
hard
87 percent of the way all right I can do
it again
yes oh my god this is the second most
recent significant event that's happened
in my life over the course of this last
month I went to court with my mom to try
to get my tag back from my car the one
that says clickbait than we made march
around and it's basically a huge part of
my channel we called them on the phone I
was like hey do you think that I'll get
my plate back or is it a waste of time
for me to go inside just pay the fine
and then just not get it back and
they're like so I go into the courtroom
and then the lady's there that was on
the phone and I was like okay cool she's
here we should be able to get my tag
back I was talking to the judge and he's
like well the law says that the minimum
consequence for altering your tag is to
have it be taken away from you and for
you to pay the hundreds of dollars but I
was like I wasn't trying to be evil I
mean it's basically just as bad as dirt
being on it when you can't see it and
but everything was visible we cut out
all the important stuff that says Kansas
and all that I just want my car to be
pretty you guys can probably guess what
happened after that I got nothing
walking out of the courthouse and they
don't want to give me my tag back so I
woke up early and went out in the rain
to try to get my tag back and I couldn't
yeah but I needed you to pay a hundred
dollars to go to court waste my time oh
look I have my results right here yeah
I'm looking at this my vitamin D is too
high my bad cholesterol is a little high
my hdl-c is low we had a two-hour
meeting with this lady and she explained
every single thing that was wrong with
me and I didn't know you could find out
all of that just by getting your blood
taken if you guys have any problems you
don't know what it is go into a
neurologist they studied your brain they
study your body and they will prick you
right here and go find out your problem
so my genetic gene mutation disorder
something something MTHFR like my mom
was talking about a long time ago is all
out of whack and guess what there's
medicines that will help that come here
come see come look oh yeah me
hey I gotta take one of these a day one
of these a day one of these a day
one of these a day one of these a day
look at these oh god they're gross it
looks like tomato juice and it's huge
I've only been on the medicine for like
three days so I don't feel that
different but just working out and
eating healthier
I already feel a lot better and now
probably the thumbnail in title I don't
know it's time to let you guys in on the
secret we've cap we've been thinking
about this for months it's finally time
bro
hey I'm filming boxes I haven't seen
your camera in forever
yeah me either it was actually stuck to
my window seal is there any more boxes I
can film - maybe hint what we're doing
here okay I already film those well if
you guys haven't guessed it yet I'm
leaving my family forever let's go find
a spot sit down tell them all the great
news
one more random node that has nothing to
do with the video but I want to tell you
guys that happen I'm down to one clean
pair of Crocs these are disgusting I
don't know how they got so gross so fast
my feet are clean I think I don't know
where do all youtubers move when there's
nowhere to go and you need subscribers
bad
Logan Paul's house if you haven't
guessed yet guys I am moving to
California I wouldn't say on my own cuz
a lot of my friends are coming but my
mom and my sister are staying here in
Kansas and my brother he's staying here
for the time being but is planning to
move this fall but not quite sure where
okay he was gonna move to Georgia but I
guess he changed his mind that would
have been more dramatic if he was going
across the US and I was going across
he's actually got a callback on another
part so he's interested becoming an
actor Taylor made the cheer squad oh the
reason all my clothes are out and all my
shoes are out and all the boxes are out
is because we're packing up everything
that I own and we're putting it in a
semi-truck and it's gonna drive from
Kansas to Los Angeles and I'm driving my
Challenger there it is currently
Wednesday right now and Saturday the
moving truck gets here and it's leaving
Monday and it's going to California to
the new crib which will be revealed once
we own one because we thought we did but
the landlord was like hey you can't have
multiple people on the lease and I was
like what the fuck might be staying at a
friend's house the street so that's all
going down very very soon I will be
driving there to California to live with
roommate number one come on out
millions living in California - and now
roommate number two
where is he yet he's not here right now
but it's Logan Logan is actually getting
a surgery that they've held off on for
about five years because it's apparently
it's dangerous but he went to the Mayo
Clinic which is a really good clinic and
now they're going through with it it's
going down on March 22nd there's also
two more mystery roommates that I will
not reveal right now hint they don't
live here or else they would be in this
reveal video by the way if you're
wondering about Quentin we don't even
know because he has a girlfriend here
and a car here too that he really likes
he could chipped the car but it can't
really ship the girlfriend you probably
could she's pretty small we could stuff
from the box Quentin stop her in the
boxing come on well we haven't explained
why we're moving there what's wrong with
Kansas where we grew up this is where we
pick the flowers out of the ground you
can't do that anywhere else I don't
really have anything against Kansas
besides a lot of stuff you guys have
already seen all my frustrations with
living in Kansas I don't want to insert
the clips cuz it'll reap it'ss me off
going to find him but basically people
vandalize my car I've done every single
thing that I've ever wanted to do in
Kansas already there's nothing left for
me here really
we've been bored to the point we built a
room in our attic in the detached garage
we built a giant Tower which fell over
from the wind put a foam pit in our
living room filled my sister's room with
beanbag beads you guys already know it
is time for a change of scenery and I am
a 17 year old he's 18 years old it's not
weird for us to move out so we're we're
Scouten we're skiing
my mom is still gonna have a nice house
he's gonna be put up in Kansas room nice
she's gonna be living like a queen my
sister she's the queen at the cheer
squad she's made up her mind Taylor
could it be a tubular but she just
really doesn't love doing it as of right
now so maybe someday she'll pick it up
but right now she wants to go to high
school nothing wrong with that and I'm
not gonna convince her to do YouTube
because I don't want to be responsible
if she turns out like me I'm gonna go to
counseling the world ain't all sunshine
and rainbows you me and nobody's gonna
hit as hard as life and it ain't about
how hard you hit it's about how hard you
can get hit and keep moving forward how
much you can take and keep moving
forward you know for the course of going
to LA probably thirty times I've made
some great friends some great memories
and I want to make some more in my young
teen years so I'm bringing my friends
it's gonna be five of us total living in
this house when if we find a house
if you don't have one today we're gonna
be shopping for plates cups all the
household necessities I'm becoming a man
big announcement number two that you ER
is 90% going to happen this summer I'm
talking everywhere it'll be like a
three-month journey with my friends
we'll put on the best tour show thing
ever
my family will probably be on the tour
they'll be doing merch we'll be seeing
them that we do adapt a dupa I am so
freaking excited for the next month for
the next year I can't wait I'm literally
going to be living with all my friends
in a freaking house I don't think I'm
gonna go for daily uploads because that
was the first thing that really made me
hate YouTube in the first place and now
that I don't hate it because I've taken
a month off and this is just really
weird that there's a camera pointed at
me I think I'll probably upload about
three times a week and I will just I'll
keep you guys updated on how that
changes but no matter what I want to
enjoy making YouTube videos like I used
to and I used to upload like three times
a week so so I'm thinking right now
that's me guys stay tuned for all this
content that's going to come we're not
just gonna go to California and be
typical California youtubers we're gonna
go to California and we're gonna make
the coolest skin content you've ever
seen in your life okay but for now we're
gonna go ahead and keep packing I hope
you guys enjoyed this video we're gonna
go ahead and end it here and - guys
someone's watching and definitely like
show the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for you and I'll see you guys
next one yeah I don't think I messed up
that outro still got it oh and rose and
Luna are fine they're doing great you'll
have to find out this summer
you know PewDiePie made a roasting video
on a bunch of vloggers and I hope you
wouldn't talking about me because I'm
not like the rest
