come on wake up it's cute having 17 the
best year of your life you're right that
was it holy Sh I gotta make some kind of
video let's do it yeah sorry Taylor
yeah 2017 was definitely the best year
of my life and I want to share all the
best moments with you guys right now
this video is inspired by Logan Paul he
made a video just like this it's really
awesome you guys should check it out by
the way he's 22 I'm 17
I'll get there what I've done so far
we're not stopping here it's dark
outside right now I'll just use my vine
magic from 2013 I wasn't even a fighter
so the first significant thing I guess
would be that I moved out of my house I
brought my mom with me and my brother my
sister we all live in this mansion right
now it has six bedrooms and has six
bathrooms it has six garage spots it has
a second lot that is completely empty
for now it has a pool I got my mom to be
able to quit her job so she could become
my full-time mom etre I bought my second
and third vehicles my Chevy 1500
Silverado country boy mobile and of
course my baby my howdy RA I already had
my Challenger 100th anniversary edition
but I bought that last year so in the
beginning of 2017 I hit two million
subscribers and I finally got my 1
million subscribers why I also bought my
dog Luna I already had rose and Luna is
a mess out of your mouth then I have my
first meet-and-greet in my mom's old
coffee shop which lasted 7 hours over a
thousand people showed up and we backed
up traffic throughout the whole town
which led to us being on the news for
the first time with a bunch of random
stuff ranging from Orbeez to Oreos and
the tan plane you guys sent me some
amazing stuff here's a little bit of
that ok time to make room all this is
magical and then your boyfriend of the
Year award
Dave Tanner my name is Brody I'm 8 years
old my phone number is 9 3 7 2 4 2
fucking following in this no coincidence
slash on it
no slash is like my favorite guitar I've
ever had hey it's a one-time thing
yeah that's not okay it looks like a
treat we just did art and who could
forget about trampling versus the series
on the channel one of the biggest as
well also toward the East Coast meaning
thousands of members of the tan clan and
I did some backflips on stage with some
of them it was pretty sick check it out
touring was probably one of the most fun
things I've ever done in my life but it
was also one of the most tiring might be
doing that again soon
I'll let you know but let's get serious
for one second I have always been that
socially awkward kid that would rather
stay home than go out and do anything
that's part of the reason I still
haven't left the United States but I
have been to like Puerto Rico and Hawaii
we'll get into that I made it my goal
2017 to get out of that shell a little
bit more but in 2018
I will definitely burst through the wall
I did do some traveling though I think
I've been to about half the states in
the u.s. went to California countless
times and one of the times I went there
we went cliff jumping in someone's
backyard pretty rad
you hit the bar
and it reads the hotel
and this was just so fun that I had to
build a cliff in my backyard well as
close to a cliff as you can get in a
backyard we built a five-story tower
next to my pool and put it next my
trampoline because that was wild then I
went and I got my first tattoo it was
inspired by my favorite band Guns and
Roses it's right here on my ribs really
hurt dude the sound is scarier than
anything else like the sound it makes
like yeah what's the update yeah it
hurts really good it feels like I'm at
the doctor but it's never ending like
whenever they put the needle in tell me
oh it's like still wet Wow looks radical
can't wait to get out of the shower and
have a thing between so I did stay home
a lot but we did have a lot of fun it
also helped me find a secret room which
turned out to be an attic but we pimped
it out let's go check it out
and then in April I went and I bought my
first supercar not my dream car but it
is pretty super it's right behind the
store let's check it out
oh hey look it's on my shoe but this
year I've doubled my subscriber count
and I did it by making videos like this
one where I filled my sister's room with
beanbag beads where'd it go
I filled my fourth living room with a
foam pit and almost died I used to be
really good at trampoline and then I
kind of slowed down took some time off
but I still had my annual Midwest meetup
this year it was pretty sick here's some
clips including one of me almost died
literally this close to breaking my neck
here it is
are you good
yeah hi guys so we were currently at the
hospital right now I started getting
interested in more than just trampolines
I started making videos like making my
movie room into a gaming setup oh I
really love making videos like this
changing it up a little bit from the
trampoline stuff and started putting
more of my personal life and my family
and my vlogs I really liked it
apparently one person did not because
you stole long arms truck yeah way right
Oh yep 3:31 your headlights are on okay
yeah they're driving off it's 32 it
drove off some people it's okay because
three days later we found it with gun
ammo in it and it was dented and
basically trashed so all of that
happened when I was only 16 years old
and then I turned 17 and for my birthday
my mom took me to meet one of my
childhood heroes kendall schmidt from
Big Time Rush what a babe I built myself
a whole team in LA with my manager my
talent agencies and my very great
attorneys they helped me with a lot I
break the law sometimes so if you missed
it um he's taking my license plate
okay something hits my car don't you get
hit by go
speaking of that I've been pulled over
16 times oh and I got my first ticket in
California I started working with more
brands more celebrities and I wanted to
build my own clothing brand so I met
this guy named Zack and we started dibs
clothing which we jumped into from two
stories high yeah yeah come on into the
closet everybody thinks I'm gay
let's just stay in here so dibs clothing
started out pretty small but I had a
very big message and that is to just
live your life to the fullest be
different and just have fun with time we
got into buckle which is a store in most
malls across the u.s. we started out in
100 locations because they wanted to
give us a test run and after two days of
selling out of almost every single store
they bought it for all of their
locations over 500 locations 23,000
units and now we're just kind of taken
over the world
Dave's clothing calm separate from Tebow
anger calm which is my merch but that is
still amazing check it out so now
current day I guess I'm just working
hard as ever I wasn't really talking
about muscles but I am working on those
all right this is the part of the video
where I just read from my phone I cannot
remember all of this here's a random
list of other stuff we did in 2017 I put
a trampoline in my new living room I ate
a pancake in my hot tub I filled my
basement with posters of Kate Upton I
trick my mom into thinking I'd I'd kind
of taught my daughter back foot I think
that was a bad idea because now my dog
is really dumb she scratched the piss
out of my car I jumped into my grandma's
nasty pond I crawled inside of a giant
water balloon and a bubble bubble ball
that hurt I explored haunted buildings
got my best friend his dream car for a
day I stared at the solar eclipse we
moved to California for one month to see
if we liked it didn't really like it buy
my sister company or two favorite people
on this earth
I went to Hawaii for the second time in
which my all-time favorite cliff jumping
spot South Point and I filled my
brother's room with cereal pretty gross
man
I think that's it I did a lot but
there's still a lot of what you do oh
yeah yeah guys I hope you enjoyed my
version of my recap of 2017 I cannot
wait for 2018 it's gonna be a lot of fun
and I just want to say thank you guys so
so much for watching all my videos for
real I freaking love you Tang Clan
you're the best thing that's ever
happened to me over the last two years
since I started YouTube I've had pretty
horrible anxiety and depression but I'm
happier now than I've ever been in my
entire life and it's just gonna keep
going up because I know we're about to
kill it thank you guys so much and now I
got to spit the outro on the guys absorb
this video and don't leave like Jordan
George subscribe you guys actually I
don't think I have enough room on my
computer for all these clips
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
