what is your loan guys today we are back
and we have 100,000 Orbeez this is
twenty thousand one hundred thousand we
got all the packs right here I also went
ahead and duct-taped all the Jets so now
I'm going to get in there and I'm going
to go ahead and start the water and let
them grow for a few days and then we
will film the rest of this video because
they take a few days to go to the full
size and I hope I bought enough so yeah
we're going to go ahead and start it and
so you know this isn't clickbait um
40,000
laughs one call is cry I don't really
know how much water to give it but since
there's a lot of them I'm just going to
let it fill up and yeah guys we will
check on it in a few days
see you later what's the plan shaking my
head it is 12:30 Hey hi guys this river
perfect fit
I got a tub full of Orbeez for you zero
I wish we had enough room in the back
you know what I'm not wearing this tub
just kidding I would wear this but for
one I don't want to ruin it into he
convinced me to go in my underwear with
him
hello there mom see I know I did my feet
man yesterday we got to add more water
oh yeah we might need packages too
you're not fat war torch oh boy oh this
is magical
you know some of them are huge the ones
on the bottom are big look at this now I
know why they have those like little spa
things where girls little girls buy and
play riffian okay time to make room all
they aren't chilly over here and one
another big break so much easier what's
up Frick this is big oh I think we need
more water
Holy Mother water this one looks like an
egg I like the wrong in my butt so cold
these look like you should get a buncha
pants
okay I think we're I think we're going
to go on oh god my head would be
long-promised neckline looks like you
two get out of it little more package
another work forward up chill we're
actually kind of cold no this one was
enjoyable a little bit true yeah the
only enjoyable one will do no we did a
bubble bath Poncho's all right I found
the one that's like an egg alright so
we're going to go ahead and get into
this p.o box opening even though like I
just wants to hear in the bath all day
can we please just leave this in here
till we knew I'll take it back in 2005
why can I turn on the Jets Dennis Fred
Fred bird as England's brag I don't make
a bread with this acquaintance there we
go
the weirdest box this to make strangle
this Jimmy oh I'm so dumb you are really
wrong Marya okay no dumping that to
stuff in the back with okay go
thank you hey blaze a pokemons car got a
thing and then your boyfriend of the
year or that goes back with even have a
medal oh hey I'm going to fill my
toilets important and what are these
called again silly then all of our clogs
you know how we hated on Tristan in my
last video yeah we could talk about how
to clog toilets all the time yeah this
is an old straight shot at well no the
Mail's public old pump that gets mixed
in with ultishark oh it's not that be
cool in this are ya I've never had a
real ninja story so we're the Kubiak's
cube I've ever seen this is blendin hey
on the water and another pillow what's
exactly it works for you oh that's
broken exes
dear Tanner my name is Brody I'm 8 years
old my phone number is 9 3 7 4 2 I was
able to land at front pub age 4 and I
was able won a backup at age 5 tape or
something bro
it took me seven tries to landed by
thank you buddy
we got artwork this is for Gilley's for
Gilley for Gilley for yelling
they sent me again Valeria Mario Molina
and hey I don't see your name on this
all I see is her Gilly doll cause we
have some gum there's confetti I'm
scared overload this G fuel hey I really
want to drink this I need like a water
bottle at my golf ball all Boston
applause good job guys oh there's more
stuff under the bus there's a nerve
bullet a tennis ball and some gum my
hands are wet again so I can't oh you're
the folder with words for you Tanner
this letter is only for you so don't
open it while you're doing a video
please neither with your friends only
for you thank you mama look mister he
smells good
hello there's more the candy or thank
you I don't know what it is all right
here we go
that's got the whole thing going thanks
for the gum yeah I'm eatin it
you don't know me to do this track okay
oh why would I close you don't need a
diet make these all the time every day
okay you are close this no prob of what
the text work as an egg on the football
but it's kind of hat it I learned is
that I love this boyfriend hat thank you
these words on this look too good yet
you think yeah probably I liked one of
these Thai - do you feel I don't
remember which one it was it's like this
is the carpet player do dump the whole
thing in right yes okay it smells like a
carpet all right squishy okay
all it is doing a cartridge with it I
just realized that unless I do this
alaria earth himself you all we got a
car it's not a Lamborghini oh then we
got like a camel what the duct tape did
a purse like a big big man turns to
chime in his family
I'm on and trying to find out is it just
pain
whoo Oh bumblebee this reminds me of the
b-movie set up on YouTube whatever that
was sick I can't find the name will you
better this is from wh6 - PCH I'll go
alone no way good is it really one what
it would be this one is people the goop
on us this is a ropes long walk that's
all a little road
yo or B just went right at me Oh
remember high has a world cause wolf our
world small notebook to the elections
over mister they said I love in a minute
back I love you to the moon and back and
back oh we got a newspaper all this
Lamborghini in it you hear tenor my name
is John John luck I walk you things
about 4000 subscribers my day doesn't
feel good until I watch you you are my
idol you inspire me to do flips and so
much more
I hope you continue to make awesome
videos PS open the newspaper and follow
me on insta we're just with the
newspapers I feel down on booth I guess
what buddy would owe a world second best
boyfriend yeah where's our middle there
you go there I'll get your medal for you
hold on kids they sent this so this is
going to be remember you guys don't get
that in the wall okay and here somewhere
yeah um okay thank you
there's nothing in let's read the letter
yeah all right I guess this is the night
bitches die the room Guardians cameron
dallas yuna all of us all these people
are from Puerto Rico that explains the
name I'm sorry
ilaria something okay well thank you you
don't you better quit oh sorry this one
is from Jasmine Schroeder
scrote or scrotum here we go how does
such a contraption work just close it
paper there's a pipeline and I'll take
it you want to send now so I'm gonna
untie the ribbon
Ferrari so Larry this one's like on in
the back
they sent me a bunch of cool language
Lamborghini thank you oh my gosh I mean
these are all in mint condition
brand-new thank you you're a boy you
deserve this hat here tanner my name is
Jasmine scrotum I have been watching
your videos for one year I love your
sibling tag video that you made shout
out Kaylee brought home shout out Sadie
I ripped it I can't jump but I guess
those are friends so thank you guys
talking the videos thank you man in
black wearing on boxes that's words for
you Josh
si 18 years old sorry I'm bad at all I
don't get this in my back you nasty what
they're going to be what's it gonna be
roast chicken you want to grab them all
fold you're pulling me with it to help a
long haul
what's it it's treasure I was actually
going to do basketball Legos but then
and Cheetos sort of cheeseball 2004 that
dear Tanner I love watching your channel
you are by far my favorite youtuber you
inspire me a lot and this would be a
dream come true it was in your video
Olivia's bro Taco Bell cane
thank your onto the candle where's the
book Oh sweetie this doing all this is
accidents okay yeah that's an egg it
must have fallen back in don't break my
egg is i unbreakable just oh this is
this a crazy Aaron's Thinking Putty ball
it's melted oh you want to climb this we
should do a peel watch opening and
liquid glass you know Hannah burger
thank you know everyone good what are
you doing just chillin call your Tony's
well that's what what it says bet you do
bro an estimate and it's not as book
yeah we've been living a lie this thing
say best youtuber not best boyfriend
okay well I want to hear a drink the
rest my GPU real quick when you fix
break you hit me with the orbs getting a
my rank I'll kill you you know that
that's like you just kept a the wall
right before we in this video we're
doing a trick shot in the year
you got 400
you're a stupid idiot head okay guys
well I guess that is basically for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it the
most and one of the only enjoyable
bathtub filled our feelings we've done
this might be one of the last ones on
the house so dumb you are really grown
we're we're definitely lesson we'll have
Old Town yarn ball out I'm sorry okay
hope you enjoyed it thank you guys so
much on to this video don't give leave
like here it says be enjoyed to
strengthen him and I'll see you guys
next one peace out P today myself
thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
