oh okay you need to iron that shirt you
needed you know your phone throw my
shirts fine okay it looks dirty too but
that's just a style I promise anyway
what did you all guys didn't hold up
make you some male face good enough all
right what's going on guys today we are
back and we have the whole family and
these guys are going to be in reading my
mom's Instagram comments because she's
basically their mom too and he doesn't
think I'm entertaining enough and then
like always the second half of this
video about the second half will be a QA
so just follow me on Twitter you guys
want to be a part of the QA y a good
shirt wrinkly or not in it yeah yeah I
tried to get a screenshot some of the
comments on her page there's a lot of
nice ones but who cares about those I
only have like eight but yeah the first
one is on this picture right here me and
my mom on a ferris wheel never that I
know so I find just one night yeah
chilly I was one day too
he's gotten Hotel ice at a hotel six
more hours roses here too hey that year
the first one is milk and the compliment
compliment
do you have a dad of our forty that's
really into your mom she's gone yes my
mom is done online dating before she's
that desperate just go ahead we have a
business email but yes what do you say
to the nice guy that said that it
depends on his age I guess
well looking at his picture he's about
13 so that's not as creepy as Quentin
Kevin Klym on his Twitter the second one
is let me duck you or not you know that
means I haven't get well instead of you
know there's get a duck and then bring
it you know either go to the lake they
grab the duck and then they I wonder if
there's any videos like that out there
when you look up duck porn right now I
don't know why otherwise I'd be honest
just kidding family-friendly channel
duck or not we don't talk about porn
next one do you realize that you're
starting would you quit
you actually got yourself yeah then look
it's all bloody I'm gonna do a nice
trick some of them a good one let me
give what someone um a new one
I got a bigoted or yep do you realize
that your son since its free time
kissing a poster taking baths with men
and drinking bleach you must be proud
super mom right here taught him
everything he knows oh I guess the only
thing on here you taught me how to do is
take baths as men thank you look it's
Ricky getting bigger out oh why does
blood taste like you're looking a steel
beam develop it in your video your arm
if you just really get to it totally the
paper Wow hey she is a good mom deep
down yeah I should care of you when you
were sick last mom yeah that's real good
I mean kind of your thumbnail screw this
video being about you I cut my finger
all right this next one has nothing to
do with anything but it's just I like it
I'm Jay and I love it
congrat I hope your parents support you
she doesn't support our game however
well I don't you love the same as me
yeah I didn't know I'm the only one in
my whole family that likes girls are we
still living yeah well I'm the one that
doesn't fit in this freaking seems
really bad that night had freaking
poison on it or what this next one is
let me drink your bathwater you really
don't want to that's probably not good
because there's actually mold in our
bathtub I turn on the Jets right we are
so screwed for selling this out yeah
mold came out of the bathtub because of
all the stuff in put in little tiny six
I'm going to try to put bleach in and
clean it out we already tried I didn't
know why not try to eat you yeah we have
you know that's like a tendon I mean no
we didn't not do the Jets we put it in
the tub we done well just review we'll
try to get it fixed for whoever wants to
buy some disgusting place I know you
have three kids but isn't an ER your
favorite yes I don't have favorite I've
been accused of having my daughter be
the favorite you'd be the favorite
interested me the favorite so I don't
have same and only one of them is true
it's me this person says be my mom and I
mean you'd probably do that you adopted
them yeah yeah so I can take on that
mine
what do you think welcome to the family
this last one is not bad okay but I just
thought this is pretty wild because they
said tan is reading your comments a week
from now and they come into that a week
ago while you mentioned it in a video
like two weeks ago work yeah but how did
they know like how did they know it was
going to be a week maybe it's just magic
illumise Scotty or whatever you instead
of Illuminati it's a luma Scotty just
like retarded but redder dude like I
said in the video if only you guys saw
our group messages all right now I'm
going to go to sweet for people to send
us questions because like I said I
didn't really find that many comments on
her Instagram 69,000 like so sweet so a
mom to play guitar hero I suck at it
don't bother what's the weirdest thing
Tanner has ever done oh gosh weirdest
thing Justin like limited to one but the
thing it's not weird anymore I mean like
really weird I'm doing flips off our
roof isn't weird but back when before
YouTube was a thing I would just cringe
every time you call because I never knew
what you were going to be up to and it's
like God he can't run something maybe
I'm not the favorite everyone you got
mad at your breaking crown Oh was
nothing okay she came home once and
reset me and Dylan went through a phase
where we would get color tendrils and
crowns right would set them on two
chairs the backs of them in this
community and one day she came home and
saw that we wasted some and she got mad
and then whenever she left we went to
like 500 fill a whole Walmart sack full
and she came out she came home right we
set them in the closet so she wouldn't
find in the back of the club
yeah the closet I'm pretty sure she'd
never been inside she comes home I'm
pretty sure you have camera setup or
something she walked in that closet and
just finds them and I'm like what the
heck I usually how you add cameras to
get you guys today
yeah okay this is a different story used
to tell she had camera set up in a hotel
so we behaved I'd spend hours looking
thanks anyway yeah yeah I could bad
mommy Jer and I hotel room i stuff but
why are you in a hotel room oh my god
when you went out and dated a lot no I
thought oh yeah she got mad about us
bringing color pencils but the weirdest
thing was whenever we ran out colored
pencils and crayons we went to bananas
and we literally set them up on shares
there's probably a bond out there
somewhere what does she think about you
in Paris I like Paris because I feel
like she's a genuine person so she
doesn't just like me for my Lamborghini
no I don't think so but it's like I just
feel a mom it's hard too hard to turn
your kids over to somebody else I never
spent time with you in the first place
got ya you have hair on your side yeah
it's Rosa salt it a my job what's it
like having a youtuber as a son I tell
people all the time I live in the
twilight zone because it's just we I'm
not old one of them you know went to
youtube channel literally every time we
go to a business meeting you know what I
guess oh my son is just a YouTube
channel and Sloan ugly yeah I hear our
life story think every day and now and
then I have to explain it and then it's
your fault you're on the certain it
ain't my fault mom hey do you like rose
or Tristan better like how old were you
when you had Tanner how about that when
I had six please I just turn with
anything yes how old I'm going to be
when I have Tanner jr. so they were 24-6
someone to do a Q&A with Rose Hill she's
right here who is the most annoying
child you can answer this without
thinking a favorite I know I think you
know I love you Justin Fitness is not
very where he was high maintenance she's
not a favorite just as at least today
well you guys do a trampoline versus tic
tacs okay this has nothing to do with it
but that would honestly be pretty fun
unless that that would literally take so
long to unpack because it's only like
frickin one there's probably 30 of them
in every pack you have to break open the
seal dump them all $500 later you might
get my get the surface cover Oh God did
you ever drop Tanner as a child that
explained everything no I did not chop
in as dialed
you've been curled off the bed once
though ha ha ha will you ever do
anything else to your car ok well it's
going to get those taillights I still
want to I just don't know if I'll ever
get around to it
honestly like ok I'm honestly on my
brain focused on an Audi r8 over the
past month like doing everything I can
do like that that's what's been
motivating me not
anything else to my current car but I'm
keeping my current car if I do ever get
one when are we moving into the new
house mom we're not allowed to give it a
name tag off less than a certain day
like less than a certain amount of less
than three weeks listen too long didn't
give on the friggin day Tanner does your
mom have snapchat I do do you want an
audience on there sure because I chose
the story like once a month okay what
what is it it's Kimber on guard here's
the thing I don't know why I have her at
it does your mom support whaler yes well
your sister would slap me if I said yes
I'm not obvious but I like Quentin and
if you would treat my daughter right I
find that are you a virgin I had three
kids will you continue to do peel box
openings in the new house and if so
where would you do them yes and we're
going to be doing them in there died
yeah then the bathtub is as big as my
room yeah it's crazy the bathtub is
amazing yeah he's not allowed to ruin it
so it's going down what are you making a
coming out video all right guys I just
wanted my whole family here for this
hold on I got to do what every other
youtuber nice my god this is a bit of a
different video I didn't really did not
want to have to make this but I just I
felt like now is the perfect time
because we're moving and my girlfriend's
been a nice cover up I just gave it away
I'm gay as I would do if I ever had I
don't know how you couldn't tell okay
there is this he played with Barbies
growing up that was Tristan get your mom
to sing a Jacob song rest my head on
your pillow
turn-offs tonight should I pay for the
heart I'd sing it over to you my dream
machine galactic but I can't
ah do you watch YouTube and if so who do
you watch I already know the answer this
high watch tanner and a whole lot of
sand are interested and PewDiePie
sometimes yeah PewDiePie
I got her going tonight that I watch
scarce sometimes and good I'll I got
mrs. MC I should watch your Q&A be
honest oh you watch are those only when
he shows me videos oh okay well I'm
gonna go nurse my fingers still bleeding
but yeah guys that is very true for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it don't
forget leave like and trust friends to
be enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in next orna it ain't
my self my thought you came in looking
like that you just made
