oh sorry guys putting doesn't wake up to
one and until my noon I go back to this
okay what did you online guys today we
are back and we're here with Quentin
he's gonna leave tonight
and then Dylan's here and he's going to
be participating in this video today we
did a video like this with my frozen
pool and today we're going to be doing
it again and we're going to try to have
some fun and also I clean my room a
little bit because we're packing up
stuff cuz we're gonna be moving like I
said in yesterday's video so the burn
mark is now visible again do you need
help put milk in it let's go I'm your
good friend that hand you your crutches
before you make you jump off this roof
my living room is trying to clean right
now hi rose she's chillin by the pesto
you've been licking that up off the
concrete it was a little bit cold
yesterday it feels really nice out today
I move the trampoline this is our new
set up I haven't shown you guys it yeah
I turned it sideways where you can still
jump up onto the roof ladder is the
second alternative for people like him
now you can go trampoline to trampoline
or roof to trampoline so oh I guess you
could use the shed if you wanted to so
this is like our ghetto foam pit the
beanbag on the trunk because that one is
even worse what is real life what I've
never jumped on three posters of a onto
the trampoline
even without being crippled it's Gordon
coming up and now I don't know how I'm
gonna do this Gordon you wanna hold the
ladder and then I'll help him up and
then I'll tell pull him up once I get up
there you're looking to hit one night he
just had surgery on his meniscus is out
of this yes Victoria and a white milk in
it bad
I began crunches for two more weeks in
non-weight-bearing 50 more weeks so so
Jim puffers
oh my god on its own all right let me go
move the bean bag real quick pull up
this should be good I'm coming up son
whoa roofs toasty this morning and you
did it
holy the whole time outside you
want to catch my phone Rose on the couch
over here let me hit it up what are you
doing and yelling I want to sit in the
shade for seconds too hot my roof so
toasty hi guys we've made it onto the
roof I saw this big thing on his leg
step on it step on it he's never been on
my full cover before I'll do it look if
Rose can do it you can do it yes do it
girl oh it's just like my old water bed
now let's see Dylan walk across the pool
cover after this ah relationship goals
all right all right keep going all the
way to the corner look at that easy
peasy jump right there hold it up first
I just jump out and I Beck yeah jump out
on your back keep your legs straight as
you can
alright I'll jump down after you there's
no time to think about it is roof too
pretty hot hi yeah oh yeah you got it
Dylan get it this stuff am I don't we
that's what you got it you got it you
got it yeah that's perfect
heck yet equal it's so hot move out the
way thing brick
tyronn it could it be if I broke my leg
jumping often that'd be something
all right next up since you lost the
shortest part let's go ahead and go to
the point why are you serious no I was
kidding we can go a little bit higher if
you want but that's a lot of work
getting you up there so yeah I did do it
Oh God actually yeah I don't know
don't paint your hole in it I like it
off right brother what's he doing yeah
yeah mission failed we'll get them next
on I've to had the trampolines in my
garage that I don't have set up they're
just sitting in there I could take those
out put both of them right there you
could jump off the top to one you could
jump off that to one and then all that'd
be so sweet if we weren't moving soon I
would do that this is our new foam pit
first trick of the day besides that jump
ah I went out a little bit too far here
you know this would be a lot more fun if
you weren't crippled ill and I second
trick there's some scary from trampoline
to trampoline just because I travel a
lot in it sometimes I don't want to hit
besides I'll do a quick warm-up try to
land it I guess yeah Rose chewing on a
deer antler figure out favorite toy oh
okay first the bees now the bird all
right you ready I've been on this room
forever and it's just as hot as the
other yeah good job Mike I told you guys
in the video when I made my mom jump off
the roof that I was going to be trying
to do more trampoline and crazy stuff I
want to get back into it for the new
house because we're going to be doing
like a lot of crazy videos and I want to
be able to do the stuff again so I'm
trying to get back into the mindset of
doing it kind of scary but how's it
coming mister it's a lot of work when
you're doing it alone thanks Dylan I
would help if I wasn't crippled slowed
the thought count I want to do one last
big jump off there and we have all these
cushions out here so I usually don't
bring out so more padding equals higher
jump I brought my phone up here with me
pop it on the trampoline I'll grab it
okay good yeah
ready yeah three two one oh I try to
catch the pad make sure didn't fly off
that was awesome
yeah I just could not sit up there very
long think about it once the fear
settles in it's hard to like make oh
yeah you do it fast get over with it's
like way that I might go a little bit
higher because that wasn't as bad as I
thought all right last one
okay and I'm done holy crap ready to
bang three two one
so loud that one put a little bit of
pressure on my neck a little bit of a
little bit of wind knocked out of me yes
it's still fun though here you go
gentlemen of the year yeah don't get out
yet let me film helping you out oh yeah
hi guys we are at my grandma's house
because it feels like summer and I
usually spend like half my summer here
so okay No okay we used to take the pads
off of those like there's no pads on the
chairs right now these sweet pads there
we bring them out set them on the grass
and track slips onto them last summer we
come down here and we jump off the
platform into here if you guys know what
we're talking about you've been watching
a really long time look at turtle what's
up bro yeah this is like completely
nasty kind of see him do it I mean he
was nice yeah well it was nasty when we
jumped in here before but still it's not
even deep now no well it never was yeah
it used to be up to like right there now
it's all the way down there dude I miss
zipline and stuff holy crap
I know but yeah I talked to my grandpa
about what we're going to do with this
and we talked about this last summer but
we never actually made anything happen
this summer I need you guys like keep
reminding me in the comments we need to
dig this deeper put a pond liner so it
doesn't get completely gross anymore put
some new water in it and then we can
like bring a mini trampoline up on this
platform keep building it now you can
literally see a green cup right there
it's not even tall oh yeah we just came
here to reminisce so we're leaving now
thanks Jude boyfriend hi I'm sorry hold
up no I was going to open it so
production is still going on well yeah I
look really bad today so that's not good
okay we started getting all the fan mail
off of like that back counter instead of
putting it in boxes key to writing about
me okay see upstairs go show it clean
mm-hmm there were so many comments in
your video about our how stinky all of
those black tubs are full of fan mail
we're keeping hi guys we're back home
now and we got this trailer because
we're hauling off the foam pit and he's
trying to back it up look at the wheel
this like not is not good it's like
really flat so we're trying to back this
up in our driveway so that we can load
the foam from the backyard into the back
of the trailer
let me try to back it up see if Santa
Anna
that's great in it you're doing it
you're doing better
hey 9 yeah go straight back doesn't
matter if it is jump secured all right I
know okay well well it's good enough
hired here you need to go further that
way you're gonna hit the tree and the
water thing
holy hell this is bad you know I would
say let's just leave it there it's in
the driveway
look there's enough room for someone to
drive by they need right now is a cool
idea the time would be backed up right
dude yeah what you're aiming for guys
that's our murderer neighbor
surprisingly helpful nice guy look at
that
I'm just kidding I don't think it was
him I'm pretty sure it was like his son
or something like that we got to get the
foam block and all those and we got to
throw them to the gate right now yeah
while we wait for the trailer oh my gosh
we're doing this today you can sit by
the foam pit and throwing me and I'll
throw in there ah let's do it did as
much as we can done and while it's light
out hold on a Dylan well this looks like
paint all right go go go all right I'm
trying I'll try to kiss you with one
thing kind of wobbly now here use your
crutch to get out from under the
trampoline Wow look at you being helpful
and do the burnt ones are so nasty
yeah some of these you can't even barely
pick them up because they're still heavy
full of water it's so heavy
he's gone
a little bit more that's good awesome
okay guys so we basically got nothing
done let me show you real quick we
didn't really get anything done
we barely filled the back corners we're
going to go ahead and wait till tomorrow
because my mom has to lead and Quentin
can't be here to help because he's out
with his family it might be sad to see
that foam go but we still have all the
foam up there and all of it that's in
our attic like so much in our attic
probably triple what's in there yeah so
indoor foam pit in the new house maybe
but yeah guys the trailer has taken my
card spot and tomorrow will be a fun day
of throwing foam in there but that is
basically for this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it don't forget to leave like in
terms events if you enjoyed subscribe
your name and I'll see you guys enact on
peace out bye
well I just realized we're in like the
same spot as yesterday like I mean the
beginning of this video so the video was
over with but then my mom texted me and
told me to remind you guys that pop
Rockets are going to be available
tomorrow 10:00 a.m. Central time so the
day after you're watching this if you're
watching it today was uploaded so yeah
Monday February 20th and posters will
also be available and yeah that's
actually the end of this video hope you
guys enjoyed it and I already did the
outro so that's - it ain't my fault ha
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
