I'll give you a little bit more mm-hmm
all right what is going on guys today we
are back and we're going to be watching
some old family videos that we well okay
so I have five SD cards from when I was
a kid throughout my three cameras that I
had and I was filmed us doing random
stuff but my brother was going through
his stuff today because we're moving
since were like packaging up over stuff
and he found the one SD card that I
could never find and it was in his old
little camera where's your camera I want
to show them this oh my god this thing I
love the stickers on it like this little
thing that's like busted I drop this so
many times but yeah we're going to plug
this into the computer load them up and
then watch them I have done a video like
this before but it was only me reacting
and those are the five other SD cards I
went through so yeah we're going to be
looking at this one this is the one I
wanted to find another the clip on here
of me doing like my third back so if I
ever did so I'm home I want to watch and
we're going to do it right now and my
sister would be here to watch it with us
because she isn't some of these like
she's at school and I think there's also
pictures on here as well so oh god oh
but that it wasn't you I can already see
them though I can't wait look it's
coming exit out of 500 videos real quick
yeah so here's the video of me on the
trampoline I remember I had my great
Under Armour sweat pants fell and I
remember I could do backflips and I was
letting them on my knees so I set up my
camera to record and I haven't watched
this video in literally five years at
least because you like to keep your own
SD card for some reason
oh I bring up I bring up my mom's
pillows
yep kick them around drag them make sure
they're in the right spot how to get my
warm-up Swanton bomb in okay real quick
but that move was that was from WWE I
used to watch so much Debbie W so used
to reenact W though yeah here's a clip
of a guy from Debbie W doing it I mean I
was pretty close now here is your some
it was good what is keep going
look at that you land on my knees and
then grab my neck a little bit yeah RKO
freaking oh my god I was really doing
wrestling moves I want handstand doing
knee soft whip Oh Richard I was like my
first time ever landing thing daddy does
all I did literally went outside the
trampoline did this all day all the fun
of it I gave up four to five pillows all
right there's the end of it that way
so that was me recording generation get
your share no Isaac doesn't that house
right tricked you into pay me $15 for
three pieces of gum yeah
well how the hell would think why oh I
was putting magnets on the back of the
camera I remember so it changed the
color I remember I used to put these
magnets I had on our TV and it would
like make the TV mess up we're just
trying to break the camera
it was a yeah kinda it was fascinating
my teeth I can already tell like this is
bad call he's got the London look how
did you shoot him Brian during usage end
of this amazing Speedway oh yeah we a
big Christmas tree box and we're playing
minute
why we take our ugly old couch cushions
and line them up and then just Paula no
remember we built pepto bismal on that
one yeah speaking of pepto go watch this
video from your na L we do carry your
blog and look at you know this is chitin
brach I think be the same totally good
come on the show what usual AG the same
is that I know it was really
overdramatic for no good reason
and we're back he's about just doing
people each our pages America's 10
nutritious and delicious for let's check
out my gum talking about Picchu hello
everybody hot we have a surprise
get on peach in the show about peaches
totally not what is that we were
fighting in the back everything just to
see the Internet no I know they're
responsible because um we were talking
like you were gonna put this on the
Internet YouTube was a year old doing
this all we did on the internet was
webkinz and look look - yeah just
webkinz roblox was and we weren't even
in love with road 100 gigahertz yeah
okay we did it it's pretty good DJ I
hate myself look at this weird dark one
or can't I it's going to be someone that
was a camera like you're working right
now remember that dog you would have
moose yeah there's our pool table I'd
make my little foam pit out of couch
cushions and beanbag and jump off the
school's International Speedway oh yeah
Albert's doing a column and green we did
so many videos flying down the stairs
near Claire and then in your name every
time I'm gonna get high quality
there's no I suppose it said
this completed my life finding this SD
card I look for this forever this one's
all look at that backyard set up we had
the deck that I never jumped off I was
way too scared to that here's my sister
in her a gymnastic stuff present yeah it
was domestic and then this thing had to
jump off as well she Taylor was pretty
good back then is my boy holding out my
sister's stuffed animals and I do
wrestling use on them as well where did
that was a good one I was there was the
only one never outside he just sat
inside and watch TV all day okay well I
was outside sometime I was just never a
really awesome child just like a
Christmas yeah I guess others like those
beginning of look out you're sitting I
oh my god just like you always have your
length right I just so I got all the
time amuse my mom for sure I wanna every
day this is the beginning of my
obsession with Legos yeah he still had
them lining his room right now I don't
have that one anymore but I have a lot I
think it's a sofa see in the bed of the
truck
our mom used to hide our best present so
you had to go find them so you going to
find it right now yeah
a new bike you can't really see it come
on yeah the body we're getting web feed
I missed the house a lot angel this is
the house we lived in like the longest
times we always move now this is super
hot to hold records birth living area
that's why I got my ps3 that year not
sure yeah that BMX sure I always wore
that to see we still logged our
Christmases back then I just didn't
upload me to wrestling then I tried to
do my WWE news on my brother didn't
really work
I tell you me you might I knew it oh I'm
over it I'm done well guys that was us
watching old videos okay guys well I'm
going to go back to packing up my room
and cleaning hope you guys enjoyed this
video
we finally found the SD card here's this
back I'll keep the stage should we make
it
should we make a quick clip on this I
want to see like the quality turn the
song see but I think it's dead I was
lashing read it wait this reason
battery's out your room real quick
this thing's loose I can kill it because
everyone kept freaking slamming it down
who know how many times we almost
frickin broke it I see a green flashing
line what's on y'all I ought oh well I
took a picture look the camera's busted
at the top you can see totally dropped
it so much
what's up guys hi now let's do what we
did in these videos I just want on bomb
on our trampoline it looks like but yeah
guys that is that shoot for this video
hope you guys enjoyed it and thank you
guys so much for watching this video
don't forget like insurance friends if
you enjoyed subscribe be new and I'll
see you guys the next one and this is
why I've had I had on full video
you came in looking like that you just
may be fun
