what's going on guys today we are back
and I'm with Quinton your favorite
co-host not Tristan
today we're going to be doing trampoline
vs pepto-bismol we're about to go to
Walmart and buy all of it I'm sorry if
anyone gets a stomach ache actually I
shouldn't buy all because I just had
stomach flu and I feel bad for anyone
that yeah but yeah as you guys know I
bought a second guitar hero guitar off
of Amazon and another $80 right it
doesn't work so we're going to do what
we did with the last one rose okay okay
thank you
we're good we're bueno ah-choo oh I told
commit hit me really gooey don't worry
guys I'll get it haha no it's actually
said one more time
we barely broke it okay alright last
thing before we go sibling vs. stuntman
what we had it sir we're going to our
favorite place in the world Walmart they
don't make me as mad ever since they
started letting me record in there
supposedly I think we just haven't
gotten caught
let's see some parkour now come on Oh yo
that was sick you know I was just here
today buying cheese balls I guess they
restock yo okay there's a lot here why
we never get a car what is it quarter
yeah coming in right well we slash I've
been kicked out of Walmart again still
no recording apparently the owners of
Walmart that I have talked to have not
contacted this Walmart yet so even
though I had my camera in the cart
whenever they started talking to me and
they're like you can't record here blah
blah sorry I'm giving your store free
promotion not hurting any of your
products only benefiting you yeah I have
to put my camera in my car
Quentin's paying real quick and then
we're going to be heading back home so
Walmart why this is why I don't get
okay I didn't get that much I don't know
how much you need for a trampoline I
figured just enough to cover the surface
because it's just going to drip off onto
the concrete I hope it doesn't stain it
like whenever that trampoline melted and
did oh well what's wrong or find out I
want to do the first jump off the roof
onto it just because that sounds nice
sweep some chemo into a huge bucket
we'll see Raj watch out we're taking in
your snuffer yeah we had to fill a
cooler by the way so I can just dump it
off the roof and jump into it Oh God the
plan is is that if we're ever sick we
just lift that nozzle and put well it's
actually pretty heavy all right now I'm
going to jump off onto the roof
recordings get a hand this up was heavy
yeah it is actually already kind of
chilly out here can't wait oh God
oh this thing then pull me off the roof
you want to take the lid off first by
the way
okay here we go if this does not say in
the trampoline I'll be confused or your
concrete yeah ready kind of shook up so
it's ready to go Taylor if you want a
drink get down there oh my god no no oh
my god Ken I'm in like you pulling it
out I just dumped this I got scared it
heavy let's turn off the brake
controller I brought the cooler okay I
don't want to get in my eyes oh my gosh
I'm actually really scared it's gonna
get in my life hurry up
or light on my butt three two rows you
gotta quit three two one oh my pants old
image give us a little 360 ah oh oh it's
like milk but stick and roll around in
the leg whipped cream play my button
your snapchat let's take a look oh it's
raining under the table there's noise on
my house we're never selling this thing
never would repeat before it all runs
under the concrete how about you I do
something
oh I want to get over my legs I'll never
get it off looks good
flippin flight test ready all this part
even worse oh oh yeah oh is it cold no
no don't let's go it's cold I felt yet
is freaking breathe that sigh affected
yeah thanks a lot
it's like freezing on my hands are so
cold after going self that's for my
video you Valerie that first idea of my
life oh this one is cold
look I might give out tattoos oldest
ways being Valerie he's fought so hard
I'll bring on the signal this game they
fun it's cold my feet this is like Miley
Cyrus's music video
oh she make it drawing I got one hey
look at me can we you get that who's a
good you own own even better once we
brought my light hair feel like there's
syrup in them uh-uh-uh-uh
only treat if I can get away with that
when you swatch it up I'm scared if I
get in my hair that you're like giant
pink and I don't want that every time
you slip it cleans up on me either I
don't want to jump back up on the roof
off flip and I know everything to do is
zoom look it is purple in my bellybutton
you can tell you it's purple like when
it dries or an interval in your stomach
oh no what'd you think of that Inara
she's all that after this be like
already great yeah alright let's do this
two more tricks people don't get mad
yeah I didn't big trick the order to
watch this is actually cool
let's go very carefully get off this mom
I need your child all right guys we're
gonna take a bath real quick really
sticking me to get cleaned up and yeah
now we're gonna win
come back here run stop she broke a room
realize oh hey Lucy she catches it let's
get let's get cleaned up here on you
know it's facing your underwear
lay back
oh let it happen it's gonna bubble wrap
your own rocket no I watched your video
your mom said no so ahem you the bubble
bath least thank you I just need to get
cleaned off for real
I usually but it's not I don't need a
moron here yeah you might have to do it
my hands my middle left no wait don't do
it she brings in off the house and the
table hi guys as you can see my chest is
a little dirty we're going to get clean
Donnell don't waste all tit I like I
like to take bubble baths oh that's
that's just as called as a friend besto
net now now let's see ah there's like
little tiny spots in your hair yeah I
better not freaking die I'll be upset
yeah I don't a cheese ball we help me
out sweetheart it has elastic that it's
fun okay I get it
oh look there's still people to later to
do that wasn't it cold a third of course
it is all all the way to less all I love
you all the way really oh yeah I would
like to thank my little sister for
recording me in the shower with my
friend oh god he's going out on the pond
oh I know you're daddy's brother did
your juice yeah weirdo okay we're going
to get actually cleaned off we'll see
you guys a little bit they all are my
arms oh I dyed my skin looks like
someone scratched me a crop it's so
weird I just look scratched up like
someone is looking you have a rash or
something
literally scrubs in the shower for so
long it's just not going to work let's
take a quick look outside of the
aftermath with a little bit of light we
have left my mom tried to wash it off
it's still I don't know still kind of
pink trampoline surprisingly looks
pretty clean just some some spots here
and there
houses they missed some spots down here
at the bottom
ah they got rid of my footprint saying I
want to we left can you do my guitar got
wet what the heck do you want - you want
a levee guitar all right that's what
Amazon gets for keep sending me ripoff
oh boy
lighter fluid here here good economy
honestly
Oh God there you go flying time hello
dear that one's not breaking oh my gosh
exactly God did not break the same
guitar Louise and I hear you dress and
it sounds like lega alright one more
this is the one no okay guys well we're
going to go ahead and in the video on
that now there's a little bit of a
different trampoline versus we didn't
have that much daylight and we dealt
with some people at Walmart so I mean we
just had less time but I hope you guys
enjoyed it still and thank you guys so
much watching this video don't forget
like intransitive you enjoyed subscribe
be new and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace
damn I thought you came and looking like
that you just made me sick
