what is going on guys today we are back
someone just rang my doorbell
would you look at that Oh God attention
so this is going to be a part of my room
in the new house it's one of the two
giant beanbags I'm getting and look at
the name love sack and it's Valentine's
Day hat the day after Valentine's Day by
the time you guys are watching this if
you guys watch yesterday's video I'd
been sick so I wouldn't able to film a
Valentine's Day video for Valentine's
Day so it's going to be the day after
but happy Valentine's Day and so yeah I
don't really feel sick anymore but I
just feel weak and tired and it's just
annoying because I want to get out and
do something I haven't done anything for
the past two days but yeah there's
really nothing I can do besides just
wait for me to get back to normal but I
didn't want to skip another day of
filming just because I really wanted to
get a video out so yeah this is just
going to be another vlog I guess also
within the next two weeks we're going to
be packing up our entire house so much
stuff in my room I need to pack out we
got to get everything ready so we can
moving in the new house and I just can't
wait to live there also for those of you
that watch all my videos you guys know
that Paris she's a pretty laid-back girl
and there's a really give a crap about
anything so I talked to her and I was
like you want to do anything for
Valentine's Day or whatever and we
agreed to just not get each other
anything but hey I'm really bored so I'm
going to Walmart I'll probably get
something for my mom too probably rose
as well yeah I'm going to run in here
real quick no idea what I'm going to end
up with but we'll figure something out
alright we are back home now I just got
a bunch of random stuff so you thought
I'd leave you out huh oh I don't know
what you like and I don't care about you
that much so yeah thank you
here's your actual present Quinton oh
yeah bro guess what I got you a rope and
it's big so you can't buy my hand when I
play with you how that sounds I think
she liked it that's good and I haven't
figured out how I want to distribute
this stuff let me call Quinton real
quick Quinton is probably sleeping it's
only one o'clock oh hey what are you
doing just a shower get back in and I'm
on my way over yes of course I am
yeah I got something for you do you want
to come by here you want me to drop it
off at 320 oke Oke okay I love you if
you guys want to see me break the
universe real quick
oh if you guys are wondering what I got
Quentin it's gonna love it I did not
look for those you run my ship is heart
get out of there now
you cannot have this one I got this for
Mom you're going to be her new favorite
kid at all what do you mean going to be
I already am so yeah as long as Rose
doesn't insist
maybe my mom liked me look Rosa slobbers
all over it that's cool this just fits
their size now look she's so big this
thing even has a handle for me to hold
on to so she can't bite me guess what
mom I got you a bear because I got you
and Taylor both won I forgot you this
pretty does that mean Tristan's
definitely out of the running for
favorite time I never ever had a
favorite well there you go now you do
that's what that's even my Birds don't
well my to we're booming another reason
for me to be your favorite actor I'm
sorry I didn't get you anything as cool
as I got Quentin buttons on his way over
now so he'll get you but until then I'll
do what I've been doing all day which is
laying in bed because I still feel like
I could sleep for a week yeah hold on
I'm coming to you and handsome I got a
gift for you I like we both warm so I'm
making this video about giving people
Valentine's gifts right in most say
yours is probably the most thought out
since you are the best boyfriend around
other source
thanks man I gave Rose a dog toy if you
can't buy to swim using as a handle on
us right here see that red one
she's been biting the handle you can see
marks on her my mom told me there was a
possum out here last night and that's
why all this stuff's going out because
roses going crazy there's the possum in
her garage like every night you have a
pet possum
Dean yeah it literally gets in the dog
food bag consistent way I just realized
it rained yesterday and I left the bean
bag over there I'm gonna go check on it
looks fine to me kinda wanna sit on it
water water will come out I know Donna
no these are my good pants that I wear
every day
sighs maybe the possum in the foam pit
and maybe it's our new pet guys I just
realized this trampoline whenever we
burned it this melted into the concrete
so just another addition to make this
house sell we've got you dude I hope we
can stand on the pool cover at the new
house
this is like the most fun thing ever
been just step across I still never
stood on it's so fun we should do a
echovox opening on my pool come speaking
of heals you have your Healy's actually
the other in my car I have some wheels
up there you left on the kitchen things
we give a player that you can play with
it I can let's do it guys cotton guy he
listen to him by Healy's we're gonna go
play with them to waste some time Oh
together oh yeah I tell you this came in
Clinton this is for my giant bean bag
this is actually just only the cover I
don't have the actual bean bag yes but I
want to open it up and look at it it's
supposed to be really soft where's a
knife that's not an ice cream ooh
yes aw it's so soft
oh my gosh yes so this one is softly
this is like oh that's like chinchilla
fur right there's also an elk fur one
coming in but that get off I can't wait
the other one is going to take a lot
longer to ship this one got sent to me
for free and I'm going to leave the link
to love sack in the description if you
guys want to check them out because they
make really soft and really big bean
bags and a lot of other furniture so
yeah oh thank you there you have the
wheels I used to go through Walmart with
these on and whatever my mom was
shopping and taking forever I'd go have
some fun I mean it couldn't wear the
same size of shoes goal so can this be
my Valentines Vika and I got you a bag
of chips remember that one time I let
you ride my bike is two wheels so that
means that reason sub axles in Hayley's
if we can get forty thousand likes on
this video I will do a backflip and Kili
mmm let's try to go all the way down the
driveway
Oh Lord it's like a skateboard on your
feet it's faster to get that control
down right oh that's great you know
that's what my heel we quit Oh
let's run flip lizard a new one but I
got scared
it's hard with wheels and under your
feet and it's hard when you haven't
moved it let me do a stretch real quick
wow that's front flip I can't ride a
bike when I tell you my jacket and
chargers first Taylor is here with my
dad what's good for me
I'm putting this on camera so people
think I care about you here yeah
hey I got a Kate Upton poster for you
and you're ready I was ready like months
ago what's the hold up here here on our
site
wow this looks so good though there's
actually going to need three different
kinds of coasters so when do they come
off
that's a good question whenever I want
to ship that's what if this video gets
seventy thousand likes I'll do a
backflip in need hello hello how are we
to people that got me something I didn't
use them I got her I attrition I got my
own you're the wrong hug and we know you
love it I'm glad that even better yeah
here's your part good e-court always
have to Hank you bye love you hug dude
thanks for the candy all right we're
going to Paris's house right now it's
literally 6 o'clock and it feels like
midnight I'm so sick of being tired
there we show hi guys we are at Paris's
house and I'm literally trying so hard
not to fall asleep happy Valentine's Day
you too I know we said not to get each
other anything but I was really bored so
I got you something come here I think I
need this thing I got you this thing -
thank you
I told them I was like you're not gonna
give anything because we already talked
about it I don't care then I got you
this
and then my personal favorite oh that
let's get a reveal right here this is
going on your wall no I can't open to
the picture I'm on bin the poster
hi here you go fam oh look who just made
it home guys it's the murderer
what is that he's a good guy just killed
a couple people guys we just pulled up
to my house right Paris goes all roads
the first time it's a moat which is
roads get you anything for Valentine's
Day I don't think so okay what's going
hi alright guys so I came over to
Tanner's house taking my charger he
didn't even give me anything for
Valentine's Day because Valentine's it
is today so I'm a little bit pissed off
by the way go I can subscribe okay guys
well it's the next morning and I didn't
record anything last night because I got
sick again and it was literally another
horrible night of throwing up and I have
one of my retainers in three day so I
have them in right now and I saw a gap
forming in my teeth again and I got
scared she'll miss my mom she's doing
some work I'm doing some work and yours
looks way more fun but I think I'm
finally starting to feel better but I
don't want to say that because I thought
I was feeling better yesterday morning
and then I ended up getting sick again
so I'm just not going to eat a sandwich
like I did yesterday she gave me a
sandwich I said that is healthy no I
freaking threw that up
I felt the peanut butter and jelly come
back up I tasted it I mean besides last
night yesterday was pretty fun I'm
hoping there will be a video tomorrow if
I continue to feel better there will be
I'm going to try to take it easy in bed
all day today because I do not want to
push it I want to get better I'm so sick
of being sick and my mom and Paris both
had the sickness I right now don't know
which one I got it from probably Paris
but there's both lasted like 12 hours
and then they just felt tired the next
day but mine's lasted three days now so
it's been fun lately I've just been in
my videos like the morning of because I
always feel sick or something comes up
and I just don't film the rest of my
video thank you guys so much for
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it and don't forget to leave
like in terms of friends we enjoyed
subscribe tune in and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out na my fault I
can't read okay I forgot one more thing
posters posters will be going live at 6
p.m. Central Standard Time right right
we have three different kinds three
different kinds they're going to be
available on our website you bunger calm
so if you want one go check it out using
my mom mi
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
