clap what is going on guys today we are
back it's early morning here at the
Braun Guard household we're just
chilling on the roof this is honestly
like my new favorite thing to jump off
here though it's so fun but today is the
day of the meet and greets that we're
having here in my hometown it's my first
meet-and-greet without any other social
media people be in here I guess Quentin
and Dylan are coming but you know what I
mean so that should be a lot of fun and
I'm really looking forward to it it was
supposed to be super warm today and now
it's getting cold again like it's 45
degrees right now account so I'm
guessing it's going to be kind of like a
chillaxed meet-and-greet but I guess I
don't really know what to expect so I'm
kind of like learning the whole thing I
guess but yeah everyone deserves a roof
and a bean bag and a trampoline but yeah
it starts in about two hours and Dylan
equipmen will come over here soon the
mall head out there I don't think we're
bringing road sadly we don't want all
you guys getting bitten we have my
cousin Logan here he's joining in on the
fun where's Lily at feuding with my
other cousins already at scooters then
Dylan's here guess what Clinton our
bodyguard flaked on us so he's a new
bodyguard my mom told me there's already
a lot of people there so we're going to
go ahead and go there soon did you see
the picture lucious's gonna be a lot of
disappointed people when they feel we're
boring your life Britain's driving
separate you're going with me you going
with me sure let me see your finger the
one that got my own cards you guys it's
like a frickin other pinkie don't grab
burning teddy bears
I'm playing my office as long as we
leave as recommended by Logan
there's a couple more people than I
thought yes thank you did you have a
Sharpie to do autograph
hailer even got some stuff Dillon and
Tristan Quentin alright it's about time
- no one else enough please - thank you
good night nice to meet you yeah I'll
see you later
thank you guys also stay out of the
picture nice to meet you guys
I'm going to drive home real quick and
I'll catch up with you guys in a little
bit and hopefully I don't crash cuz I'm
that tired holy crap guys three hours of
non-stop standing signing pictures and
it was so fun I met so many people met
about five hundred people's it was crazy
but I've never been so tired in my life
like I could literally sleep for a week
right now could have been a little bit
more organized there was kind of a bit
of clustering but overall I think it
worked out pretty good and then since I
live in Kansas two different news
channels showed up because literally
nothing ever happens here I think I'm
going to take a nap and they catch up
with you guys later
Andros looks tired to it and I think
we're in the map together so I see you
guys in a little bit goodnight alright
guys I just woke up still tired about to
go back to bed but I'm on the news and
apparently they spelled my name wrong so
suddenly swans with people just after
noon and the reason was a visit from a
16 year old sensation um no it was
because the coffee was just so good bran
guard the Butler County teen does
trampoline stress done well I do more
than tripling that's it the best
million views for the chance for fans to
meet him was an emotional moment today
she was so nice if you're watching this
I love you
Wow run guard sign autographs for all of
those fans and at least one of them
travels loving men on the news if you
don't know who he is go after kids
so do I title this video I made it on
the news or we had a meet-and-greet
yeah well I'm gonna leave you two
sleeping good night good morning rose
hi guys so it's actually two days after
I filmed the last clip and and the
reason I skipped a day of uploading if
you guys don't have me on Twitter
snapchat I've literally been throwing up
off and on for the last 24 hours like
literally the worst sickness of my life
I don't even know what happened like I
finally feel better now so I can film
this just is the video and Rose has been
keeping me company right kinda yeah I've
been watching icarly and drinking Josh
for the last day and a half and if I
wasn't sick that'd be like the best day
and a half ever because that's my
childhood right there the Drake & Josh
Christmas movie is it's so good right
Rose right roses finally old enough and
actually barks and ever scenes you go
outside and so just pooping on the floor
to where she can sleep with me now so
she gets to spend most of her time
inside which is good so I woke up at
like 6:00 a.m. yesterday and that's when
I felt super sick so I was throwing up
all morning all afternoon and then I
like 6 o'clock it finally stopped being
horrible and I was watching commercials
and one came up for a push pop and I
just wanted to push pop so bad so I had
my mom go get me a push pop you want to
push pop I have to if you want one oh
yeah guys I gotta finish editing the
video you're watching right now then I
got to film something for Valentine's
Day and upload that tomorrow even though
it's Valentine's Day today so happy
Valentine's Day this is me and my lover
right here so I guess I talked a little
bit about the mean jury at the end of
the video but yeah it was pretty wild I
didn't get a film that much there
because I was focusing so much on making
sure everyone had a good time and I
didn't want to be focusing on filming a
video when everyone like came there to
meet me so I apologize that this video
is a lot shorter than usual but yeah I
talked to my mom you could it I've
talked to my mom and our talent agency
and stuff and my manager and I think
we're going to be doing some kind of
touring this year I don't know if we're
going to go outside of the United States
I don't know anything right now but this
event was really just kind of really
easygoing and it didn't really have any
structure to it I guess but that's going
to be fixed in the future well like
actually have a proper meet-and-greet
set up like it is at magcon
Hey but yeah guys I'll have a new video
tomorrow that's actually normal length
yeah thank you guys so much lost in this
video don't forget to leave like
interest friends if you enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out my fuck you
came in looking like that you just made
