would you get out of my house already
oh yeah what is going on guys today
we're back and we're back
what are you to make your freakin
YouTube video like one today bye guys
check out this diamond sure is so cool
it's like a guide looking at a diamond
before you guys watch this video if you
missed the yoga challenge yesterday go
freakin watch it right now it is is good
it's the hottest video I've ever made
we'll cream your jeans whatever that
means yes me and Quentin found out we
are a lot better at yoga than we thought
and also my hair finally sits down now
ever since I got to died twice in one
day my hair was like just stuck straight
up every time I got out of the shower
just naturally but it finally sits down
again so now I can have my old look back
and tomorrow is the meet and greet so
that will be a fun day homeless yeah
yeah they're coming to it
Quentin's going to be there I think
Dylan's going to be there for a part of
it and we're going to be chilling in a
coffee shop for probably all day long
should we bring rose I have five likes
and we bring rose okay so new house we
will be moving in within a month like
we'll have all of our stuff in within a
month I can't give you an exact date
it's going to be less than a month well
we close maybe we should start okay yeah
true first order of business is to get
our room set up and stuff and then we're
going to start doing some crazy videos
we'll do like a house reveal in the
house tour it will all be in one big
video so don't miss that one and before
we move in we're getting a ton of
security stuff and everything so we're
probably still going to show the front
of our house and people can try to come
if they want but it's going to be gated
and stuff so yeah it everyone wants to
see the hard drives to pretty now but
guess what I can't show it to you some
parents will be like hey this kid
belongs in jail it's not that bad but it
is that bad I think Dylan's going to be
on his way soon we're probably going to
do something with a bean bag begin I
want to do in same roof jumping three
where we can ponder the freakin bean
bags even if it's just like one or two
jumps I want to do it sounds fun and I
guess this is just going to be a vlog oh
yeah by the way it's warm here again and
it's going to be 80 degrees tomorrow and
then it's going to be back down to 50
the day after I don't get it Mel and yet
y'all what's up there we go alright so
you're going to jump in my pool again
for this video I need more views I'm
thinking about putting the two bean bags
on the ground and then jumping off the
roof on do it oh I gotta go
I'm trying to be a gentleman here Ren's
going to trick you okay let's bust out
the bag and by we I mean me because you
can't help so we dragged up one bean bag
and I was going to use my brother's bean
bag that's in his room that used to be
mine but yeah long story short it's too
dirty in there to get it out like my
room is awful my room is pretty dirty
apparently his is worse it's like
blocked in I'm scared to jump off the
roof and put this on the trampoline and
like land on that I think I'm going to
like fly up off the trampoline because
there's no net and my trampolines are
really bouncy so I just I'm scared we
jump off this at his house like 10 feet
and we hit our butts on the ground so hi
guys we're going to move both of those
trampolines over here that one I'm going
to use to jump up onto the roof I'm
going to jump onto that one look at all
the bees of whatever you see them
there's a ton of bees we got to do this
look at them all they're freaking you
guys get roasted Sam where's Quentin
when you need him look in the shadow you
can see some fire but there's nothing
here alright here we have a glove some
rubbing alcohol some toilet paper stuck
down in there and it's all wet and we
got a smaller boat or she lights this up
kibou this isn't off light okay I'm just
going to throw it on there hopefully
they know to hold yards on fire run on
the water
alright guys wish me luck we're gonna
try to move the trampoline oh god okay
we have both of the trampolines here we
got to go get the bean bag real quick
Dillon burnt his finger hit up some milk
yeah isn't he was burning a teddy bear
and then picked it up and for a guy I
didn't pick it up I accidentally came to
cross the plot burning plastic and then
it solidifies onto my pinky now you're
injured on your hand and your foot okay
so we got the blankets I'm putting these
on so hopefully it takes my bouncing I
don't fly off I'm just using simple
science and I brought this trampoline
here so I can jump up onto the roof and
after we moved it we found out we have a
ladder and it's right in there and if
you're wondering who's filming it's my
mom where's Clanton when you need him
that's why all right we're just going to
get a ground angle right now I think my
mom might get on the ladder so we get a
thumbnail in a little while awesome two
types whether the roofs going to be hot
yes that is why I will not be getting up
that way
it's hard cuz you don't want to jump too
far forward you hit your knees on there
and then you'll die it's already high I
just don't want to fly off like I don't
want the beanbag just freaking maybe I
shouldn't have taken the net off buddy
yeah I would say I'd catch it but then
I'd have to drop your camera
Oh God involves really that much my
conscious is going it's mostly Tristan
at a time whenever kids make reaction
videos of this with the parents they'll
know that my mom was watching she proved
I think I've just gotten them to all the
craziness let me move this that roses
hair on the trampoline roses hair
everywhere now getting used to it again
okay we're a lot higher up now not not
doing a front full this time okay
hopefully it is about I still in bounce
a tie now it's fun all right we're going
even higher long as you send yourself on
it hit the side you might be in jhana
okay what's up guys
Quinton might work out but I do the
actual workout it's probably the world's
most complicated ladder back when we
were allowed to jump off the roof we use
this thing onto the trampoline I
remember when we put this on my pool and
I got grounded see my mom used to be
normal
there we go I'll hold it for you you
don't hold for me got your fans getting
down will be the fun part you might just
have to jump onto the trampoline got
this right yes I'm hell no no no I can't
do this how do you do that
you're already basically out there just
get up here I'm gonna jump up there and
I'm gonna help you up I'm not kidding
we should get you down you went cliff
jumping this is no different I didn't
jump off the damn cliff
don't you remember never had such a baby
about this crap alright guys I pulled
her up you're still sitting down not
scary you know it's not that scary now
get over here in your crappy pan I'm
going to live the trampoline be right
back down yeah I honestly think if I get
down the corner and jump onto that
that'd be better than getting off the
ladder yeah what your viewers should
know that I've been skydiving I've been
ziplining I usually don't be scared of
that stuff guess it's the safety harness
splinting if you're watching that are
fired
I don't think he remove it much further
okay let go my this is Wow it looks like
there's two bean bags but one of them is
marshmallows
we're doing this yeah new houses roof is
way bigger than mom walk down here right
here this is where I'm gonna have you
comes down to I'm gonna jump off right
there you're going to be filming right
here alright ready yep last time we had
like every pad I own and and then way
scarier in last night three two one I
think I bottom down your next life is a
stunt man I can feel the wind knocked
out of me a little bit I want to do it
again though are you jumping off huh
maybe from like way back home of exactly
for you mom I just realized I flip flops
on I've been saying that this whole time
now you gotta listen to me alright got
the trampoline down there guys when you
jump off first of all straighten out
land on your back make sure you try to
land completely flat like you would
never jump into a pool because it would
hurt into a pool land like that on the
bean bag keep your head strong like keep
flexed yeah it's not that I'll double
front off here if you don't all you got
to do is jump straight down it's not
that high you got it mom I'm gonna be
chilling up here till you're ready all
right I'm gonna do it so my mom can see
it and then I'm going to come back up no
legs out in front of you and you just
went on
alright guys she's changed your mind she
doesn't want to do this one she's going
to do it on to that one over there even
though it's a little bit bouncier that
roofs about two feet shorter I think so
we're going to go ahead and do that
guess I'll meet you over there I'm gonna
go move the bean bag I'm gonna walk like
a crab all around see ya I wish all of
you guys could experience this my mom is
easy if again sorry I'm the ultimate
wish that took forever to drag from
there with our Holy Cross all mine is
you John and I had to go up the wobbly
ladder by myself so you better jump okay
just jump in however you want to get now
go blank flat mom if I do is freakin
easy jump off the line on your butt haha
that was how was it oh yeah breaking
wasn't hard at all was it
no I'm super soft yeah you think you can
do the other roof now probably but I
need you I'll print your booster chew
huh
all right look like you're laying on
your head I went really slow I thought
it was higher than that
yeah all right mom you're off the hook
that was all right I guess damn Jenna
wait I'm gonna do a basketball in my
head because it's really soft come on
outside I got to show you something
you're going to be participating in this
all right so my mom did it you can do it
No yes you can she jumped off a small
we'll start you out on that one okay you
have to lie it's fun I promise I think
so supersoft we do it if you go there
with me of course I will
you don't need is a ladder to get up
yeah you're gonna have to I got a ladder
you get up there
you're gonna be fine probably just go
I'm going to make you jump one time okay
you're doing exactly what my mom - just
sit up there okay I'm coming up just
please do not trip I don't really trust
you why do I have to do this you think
you jump onto that how do I jump on to
jump onto your butt or your back yes I'm
ready don't phone on your back was it
fun yeah I want to go to the top of the
roof like I didn't want to record this
I'm gonna do a double front I'm gonna do
it better than I did earlier it's hot
out here
yeah one hiccup a day got it right there
well guys that is basically it for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it I know
there was only a few jumps it was kind
of difficult to get my mom to do it she
did it a lot easier but it was still a
lot of fun and I'm glad I could do this
more crazy stuff will be happening in
the new house because I realized how fun
it is again as long as I don't get her
is I mean it's always fun so yeah thank
you guys so much watching this video
don't feel like it renter you enjoyed
and also you can't into the next one
peace out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
