what did you want on guys today we are
back and we are going to be doing one of
the videos recommended in the video
ideas I like red amok in yesterday's
video we're going to be doing the yoga
challenge me and the best boyfriend in
the world where's your yoga pants I
don't have yoga pants what I do have
alright there's a ton of crap in the way
where the Frick is it am i have to find
either one but okay there's this one you
call me I don't I don't even know where
this one came from but there's that one
there's one more I don't know where it
is I found it and this one barely fit me
like a year ago so I guess I'll take the
rainbow one I don't know if you're going
to be able to sit in this if you rip it
it's fine oh okay yellow hansa we'll see
you guys once we get naked and then
clothes well I'm almost changed you need
to get on it buster I'm all this the
lard I cut out the thumbs of this thing
because whenever I wore in like seventh
grade so I could get on my phone with
this on I might just cut off the head
backwards anyway no it's not it goes
over your facing zip it in the back like
you're supposed to be able to see
through it I'm probably going to cut
this off we don't need to be in suits
and then blind at the same time this is
like the ultimate friggin clickbait
outfit I hope you'll listen to my baby
producers gold oh and if you guys don't
know what the yoga challenge is
basically you load up pictures of like
really hard yoga poses and we have to
try to copy them we're going to do it
upstairs in my living room you know this
is gayer than being in a VESA yes 1-0
disappear watch okay once you quit and
disappear watch
wait a minute going to be closer problem
yeah get up there I did it did it work
some of me probably I don't know
probably didn't work I'm bad at it but
not be any screenshots of my juicy boobs
okay I went through and I screenshot at
some of the more difficult pose as I
found we're going to start off with the
easiest one on this list you're going to
be on bottom so I feel bad for your
phone use - oh those are jokes
look I can slide on my carpet with just
freakin outfit awesome
really yeah I told you to watch all
those you speak English God you don't
know your colors yet it really means
dull all right we win if we get three of
the poses we lose if we rip the outfit
okay we're delish so this is the first
time we're doing right here it doesn't
look that hard we're going to try it
brother watch it what why did you have
this up yours are you ripped solid you
know how to do a push-up
you actually will play whole town with
how to do it only first language Justin
my booty poppin problem begin oh what'd
he say see I can see boys well you're a
couple to preserve my thoughts when I
see the Yanks don't have to put my feet
so I'm gonna snap my ankle and I was
like a pic with oak I need to straighten
my body okay let me do a push-up and
then you do it right but looking me I go
you go yup ah we're doing it yeah baby
look like it was get some snail I think
that's a question that was the easiest
one we have but still it was a good
warm-up I don't know if I trust you
enough to do this next one why did you I
just told you yeah I guess and then I do
some stupid bull crap in my leg do you
not freaking drop me I feel like we need
that beanbag up here I have let's do it
I'm gonna hold you see she's fine man no
do you lie down like on your back and
put the legs up and spread which is a my
wrist
these are Taylor's fans I said coiler
why are your brother Thomas died and you
do the splits no because all right I'll
do my best
alright so Rose stop it stops the bow in
it now we're going to burned out there
for this how does this look
oh you oh my goodness santur look oh my
wait get in the nipple the way sorry you
probably unzipped yourself oh are
usually lock yourself in okay what is
higher up here - yes what is this yeah I
need to take away stomach it's not gonna
work I'm gonna do to me right now okay
yeah oh that was he worst experience of
my life there honey can't oh honey oh
I'm in so much pain I don't think we got
it here your conscience one okay two
down five to go
I think you're going to be the guy in
the white or the guy in general how are
you gonna do this you're smoking in my
back I'm just saying now you better
measure but high in the air so I have
something to put it on you guys are
gonna love this one
this rug looks kind of comfy but it's
like a centimeter segment it's hardwood
floor so see what happens oh wait oh I
literally can't do the slide put your
feet up against the couch no that's what
it's doing but look I did that and then
did this give like that did I can't just
put my feet on here that was way is your
husband done I might have to freaking
fall over on you I can't wait to get
healed in the back of the head ready
yeah I'm tired
Oh let's redo it would you do it that
one it's like a lot of energy if you go
to a yoga couple of clients okay oh yeah
we almost did it cool we almost took out
the ring light I this is our next one so
you're going to be behind the bottom
again I'm gonna be that girl I don't
think I'm gonna do that with my head
I'll try that looks really hard though
why is there a girl in the back tho
taking a picture I'm sweating so bad
right you can make your trick in court
I'm not athletic
mr. farzat you go oh I think we did it
but just try it gonna get hurt I mean on
not stick your foot on there and there
yeah we're done thumbnail ha we are
pretty good at this bro that's like
or wedding or not I don't know how many
we've done you guys that we were going
to rough wiener but so we didn't
assisted here's the next one I call top
did the next one is even harder I swear
oh yeah Kazuki our than that no arms all
just give me like whenever you're a kid
you're like doing the airplane with your
parents how do you do that do this in
yoga when they displease you push me up
with your feet right in the rebound it
just towed my bellybutton
oh okay Jake your legs like if you make
way we're like all sinner man I think
we're good I think you're good I got off
you pop over was let's see where they
were balancing at yeah I was on her
stomach well her heels wrong her hips
okay now that we know what we're doing
no oh bouncing you so horny three two
one yeah we're doing it oh I had squats
today don't make fun of me FA we hope
for in five seconds that's our freakin
bed oh my quad got torn off the bone
kugel there's a leaf on your back and I
tell them as a whole okay we have two
more some do we're gonna save the
hardest one for last
well it's supposed to be hardest in my
mind I don't know anything about yoga
we're gonna do this one we should have
done this one my second but I will be
done looks like I'm going bottom this on
ya idiot is Oh God okay okay this one's
it's oh yes and this is sexy not hard
now my version the heads blown you
alright last one guys moment of freaking
truth here we go hope that we can do
this one it looks cool this means you
supposed to do the washing machine it's
going to be hard because of the
slickness on the bottom of our feet
let's step out the slipperiness one more
time that a lot of my stomach you have
that lose interfered good one it's hard
to go so you can't push off the ground
your finger just pretty I think so
it got caught on one of the threads oh
no we can do
oh all right you ready I'm guessing I'm
going to be on the top this is the
moment we've been waiting for Quentin
hey oh that one yet I've never burped on
YouTube before how about you we're going
to be quite tall we need to it sure yeah
yeah I'll do I'm the man that runs the
show are you like then like that I'm
going to give you my arm is that how
they were
I have no idea it'll be checked to
confirm our technique so changed so we
lock arms like this what's your standing
like war monitor that goes on one is one
of epi one on each freaking truck bit
like it's sort of slippery we've
basically done them all right yeah okay
so we can't mess up here 3 2 1 my life
flashed before my eyes
then homily I'm gonna loan you both like
this the ladies button off the couch we
kill that one was hard okay well I guess
we've got to go return our clothes to my
sister only she wears these anyway
Taylor
so you do nevermind alright one last
thing we got to do sitting backwards I
can do one I'm not done I slipped in
days are over
okay I'm going to land this and we're
going to be done okay Wow good going way
to ruin that do the didn't in just one
sitting
believe in yourself looks death well
guys I hope you enjoyed this video thank
you guys so much for watching if you did
enjoy some drones you might want to go
to a different site but yeah don't you
believe like insurance Prince do you
enjoyed subscribe to do and I'll see you
guys in the next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
