planet what is going on guys today we're
back in today hope you guys are all
having a great day before we enter this
vlog I want to say some words a little
short sponsor video because I actually
really love this product so if you're
like me and you look in the mirror and
you're like you then you go to the store
and you're looking for a razor because
you want to get rid of I don't know a
huge amount of armpit hair or a little
bit of beard because mine's coming in
I've talked about that in the vlogs
getting older come on let's go corner
was telling me about this product a week
ago he's right there and then this
company reached out to me around the
same time so I was like hey let's do it
I've had the pleasure with working with
Dollar Shave Club let's open up the box
I'm sure you guys have heard these
people because they're pretty big whoa
so this kid's arm opening is called the
shit shower and shave kit I guess I just
said shit happen I'm leaving today and I
don't care they're selling right now for
basically nothing they're five bucks
they give you the razor and the refill
cartridges pretty dope it comes with
body cleanser and shave butter and if
you're like me and you shave your
freaking beard I get little red bumps
after I shave called razor burn and it
just looks really like you can see them
in the vlog sometimes man I hate it so
much this is gonna help with that so you
don't have to be ugly that's pretty cool
so if you guys want to sign up for it it
is only five dollars right now and it's
like a few bucks a month and they'll
just keep saying you refill cartridges
you're gonna get this kit it's available
now exclusively at Dollar Shave Club I'm
gonna leave the link in the description
with my code wait for it Tanner
dollarshaveclub.com backslash Tanner
everything's super high quality way
better price and you'll find at the
stores plus you're gonna waste your time
going in the store staring at razors
being like what does this one do what
does this one do you already know this
is gonna get the job done and they sell
more than just razors they do a bunch of
stuff so guys check them out and we're
gonna go ahead and guys today we're back
said that's wise but if you guys missed
yesterday's video all right there was a
kid from my school and he wrote on my
car and I filmed his ass and I put it on
the internet and it was hilarious if you
haven't seen it check it out pretty
funny I love it when haters help me for
my vlog that was dope but anyway can you
sit up this is weird I'm like way of you
don't want to get a good angle of my
tights bro yeah yeah there's my
Christmas ass back from the harddrive
here's the clip I already spilled the
beans
diantha
first off happy birthday to one of my
best friends it's gonna be late happy
birthday kids it's actually birthday day
but that goes out tomorrow happy
birthday Tanner Foxx congratulations on
being 18 you're finally a grown man and
I'm not it's not Pharrell he's been one
of my biggest inspirations since I
started YouTube he was my biggest
motivator and he's my biggest competitor
I'm coming for he bro I'm kidding I'm
kidding
are you past you yeah but just a man
Beauty by his neck said I'm coming with
the check and the Rolex and the support
on the most recent video has been insane
I read you guys's comments I got a boner
that's it I did triggered Tanner came
out a little bit in the last video but
some people loved it and I'll freakin
let him out more I don't care I'll do
whatever the savage little maverick
whatever how the hell you do that Oh
like that okay he's in the low gang yeah
yeah yeah coming for you to Logan Paul
probably not you're actually really good
youtuber and you're gonna kill everyone
huh but anyways guys today we're going
to be playing inside hide and seek at
night I don't really know why it matters
that I said at night because we're
inside anyway I got an attic jacket and
I got tights with a dolphin on them oh
my god yeah and Jordans here my
brother's friend she moved to Georgia
and now she's back I've put her in the
vlogs before hi Jordan and then there's
Logan he's about to take his shot that
might give me a Devon ties but I'm gonna
put in the vlogs do you guys know I'm
not fooling around
just to put freaking shots in his
stomach yeah what I add it this and then
you squeeze it and a little bit comes
out uh-huh and then you have to kind of
try and get some fast Logan is shredded
so he cannot find any fat on his body
and then he's putting in oh my bro I
cannot put a long needle in my own
stomach that is insane and then you take
it out and do that we woke rose up oh oh
my god you look so cute right now holy
crap and lunar sleeps in a ball all
right guys let's discuss the rules you
can go anywhere in the house except for
my room because there's 80 people in
there right now
because she's sleeping true alright so
everything else but those two places
yeah we can go alright alright what's up
not it oh is it you're a loser but you
have dibs on so you're okay so you take
the big camera okay Logan's at first and
he's never really had one-on-one camera
time hope it's not awkward probably will
be your house hey guys oh hey I don't
even know how to hold it bro just be
careful with it that's all that's good
that's good I assumed in I will be on
this g7x and I'm on another g7 alright
you go count the storage room we're
gonna be somewhere not telling you haha
okay guys I guess I'm going to the
storage room which I've never been in
before but I guess we'll check it out oh
no way we found the young T Brown guard
in his prime I'm not really gonna count
I'm just gonna kind of give you guys a
walkthrough of this room and I'm gonna
pretend like I'm counting here's the
some hunk um we got a bunch of paint we
got some magnets I Tanner's POV I'm
passing the Christmas tree so I really
want to do something with the foam
blocks like right off the bat alright
it's really dark but there they are I
really want to do something with these
foam blocks Quentin Quentin I'm gonna
lay on the floor and use push him on me
okay where's the light in here I don't
know the light switches on my own house
right sit down your camera and help me
okay I just hope Tanner stuff the phone
where everything is I think of a quick
spot what I did I put trans Gator in the
movie we gotta be quiet
so I came upstairs it's dark in here but
we'll look around for the lights which I
don't think there's anyone in here
because there's really no room oh yeah
there's no one back there we'll check
the dogs room nope Rose isn't in her
corner waterworks
what happened to all the phone what this
was all standing up you guys remember
seeing it I found him yeah I just wanted
a goob spot because this would be a cool
thumbnail
I'll be serious next round but for real
I need a thumbnail so let's take it well
shoot now I gotta clean all these up but
was it worth it we'll find out and like
a week when the viewers show up well I'm
done I guess go find Quentin do you want
my moral support or not oh yeah you can
come with me all right let's go my
outfit is now complete let's go all
right okay I guess we'll check behind
this bar because he could have just hid
down here Quinton where are you
rats jinkies is he cheating whoa well we
don't have a light yes if he's cheating
well I don't want to step on those wet
leaves but oh my god it's actually 20
degrees out here yeah I go back inside
he's not hiding out there if he's
cheating he wins yo-yo he cheated we're
both choosing stupid spots this time I
guess yeah what are you doing in the
weight room I'm pretty sure he's right
here like come look at this guy's teeth
what what something weird what's a Hello
Joe can't get me out he took me over
here he ate me I can't get out don't
worry I'll save you I'm not scared of
what's down first
what's freaky go trans Gator you can
chill here for a little bit oh my god it
is very dirty I didn't know we had this
what stuff okay now this actually
completes my outfit let's go it does not
fit but I do want to do a little bit of
a fan mail opening so let's open this
box first it looks pretty cool so
technically this isn't cheating I need
to find some good lighting okay so he
said anywhere inside oh that was the dog
cage he said anywhere inside now he
didn't say you can't go outside of the
house and get inside something so we're
going to the app who remembers this
knife from the PIO box opening there's
something glowing in here come on oh
there are these like clackers maybe this
from Jake and Josh alright can I do this
while holding a flashlight and a camera
no heaters on nice and chill and a
little look into my engineering
capabilities a walkway that goes behind
the Attic this will take him at least 20
minutes to mine okay guys I searched
around and I found a fitted spinner but
I can't hide in here because he has
already hit in here so I'm gonna go
ahead and look for a Spotify desk I hope
he finds me quick because this is a
pretty small spot we got something that
blows up I think this is a pen another
thing that blows up pretty sure it's the
same thing I think this is a backpack it
smells exactly like my grandma's house
hi tanner my name is Isaac and I'm your
biggest fan ever I've watched every
video since 1k subs stay cool keep
flipping thank you bro let's go find
them cuz it's hot in here Rose are you
gonna leave me to them I'm gonna go
ahead and check the downstairs first cuz
there's a lot less area down here and
get it out of the way you people are
loud trans Gator is so going to get
broken like that movie room is all clear
captain Roger that private same thing
for the workout room so I seem in a
pretty clever spot so I have some time
and if he's coming I'll hear him so you
know what until then I'll play some
music the land eat me with some sand
Rose you helped me last time you want to
help me again nope she thinks I'm gonna
put her outside she's going straight
through her corner kitchen is clear as
well man we really need a foam pit in
here again very soon I promise
no we're Christmas presents now what
that's awesome I didn't even know my mom
wrapped in E or got me anything okay I
have checked my brother's guest room
I've checked my brother's room there's
no one up here I swear closet I mean
I've opened every door ah now I've
opened every door actually I haven't
opened these beanbag bees room that's
not really beanbag meeting room anymore
completely full of boxes there's no
people in here we should probably put
this back before someone dies where'd
the dogs decide to take a leap of faith
but seriously I've looked everywhere
upstairs now at this point and I haven't
found either of them call Quintin dude
you are not inside I know you're not
inside there's no way I've looked
everywhere what are you doing and I'm
coming for you definitely in my attic
probably hiding behind Bob Ross oh my
god it is cold and I do not bring
I don't know if you guys can see that
low-light isn't very good but he's
coming oh no oh I got a pause my music
alright prankster where are you he's not
in the ceiling where I was at one time
granted so we made this walk way a long
time ago I don't know if you guys knew
it but you can walk over here and I
guarantee he's over here hiding and
there is you done cheated and you're
done it and you're done stupid now to
kiss you right now you should do you not
found Logan's no I haven't how did you
find me before lo I don't know rules do
you know where he is no I love dem guys
I've been in here forever I I really
hope becomes finds me pretty soon
because I'm a big guy I don't need to be
in this little tiny space we're teaming
up quainter is back in action so what
we're gonna to do we're gonna have to
put our ears together are we going
downstairs already techno sir she's not
notice the flow okay so when you put our
heads together enable your echolocation
I'm already doing it I found him where
he's in the house oh we're screaming
about the ocean man my mom is trying to
sleep I think there's like two spots I
haven't checked and yes I checked mm
dude that's classic where it's the ocean
I'm ocean man sorry mom mom's office
only place I haven't checked he's
definitely in here what the hell space
dude I never heat stroke right now or Q
so now we have one more round and I
believe it's you dog Quinton here's a
big camera but what if you guys cheat
we're not you better not you're the GU
cheated I was inside so on today's
episode of Quentin opens fan mail oh
this one's already been opened to
everyone this stabs woman in the final
round Tanner will be crawling under this
Christmas tree I've kind of been
planning this for a few rounds and I
think it'll work I'm just gonna crawl
under there my tights are caught on a
little bit of it oh look what's for
Christmas some being bag beads ha ha I
don't know if I can fit guys half my
body is hanging out ok now we're
look for hiding spot number two I'm
going to hide and roses spot I'm gonna
steal roses spot open and video you've
got your wish
this will give me something to do while
I count the dogs like this Oh new
vlogging camera alright I'm mostly under
let's go this is a good spot yeah I've
been opening a lot of fan mail I didn't
record some of it so I think it's been
two minutes I almost forgot the dog toy
but let's find the kid plural there's a
little guy in there echolocation says
right did he need to take a Dookie no
you buy me dinner
you don't quit playing I'm gonna beat
you up oh my god okay okay okay can I
get it uh uh is that you I can't wait to
open haha pull me out yeah cuz Logan
doesn't like to scream I don't feel like
looking because I want to go to bed
you're looking you want me to look no no
no I mean like what floor is he oh he's
on this floor the one that we're
standing on right now I checked every
room no you did not bro okay here's your
hint dag oh oh swear Luna puts all of
our stuff okay
okay what other dag oh comes up here
I don't know he found me in rows yeah
what yeah those are smart yeah you won't
know how I found you
did you hear me a little bit me and Rose
know how to talk to each other he's like
you'd get him off me so what you're
talking about earlier you being a bat
you hang out telepathy I find these
laying around the house that's all you
need everywhere
y'okay Jordan thank you so much for
watching and don't forget rent fee
enjoyed subscribe in you and I'll see ya
you came looking like you just maybe
