what's up nothing - guess what what I
was waiting right there at the stairs
uh-huh for you to come get me and my
principal kind of mean you said so I
hear your brother has a joke about
drinking bleach and I was like yeah and
he was like but what does it mean I said
watch some videos to find out buddy
because he is like please first
trampoline like yeah well whenever I ask
kids what it means they seem to not know
so I figured I'd come to you and like
okay you can't overthink it okay what is
going on guys today we are back and my
acne has decided to leave me for a day
so it's freaking nice oh yeah listen you
can't play that now what why I mean the
video sorry I'm just now listening to my
outro song like the full way through the
first time ever like I was looking for
an outro song whenever I found it and I
was just looking at trap remixes and I
found and the first one that sounded
cool I just downloaded it and put it in
my videos yeah I guess this is just
going to be a normal vlog yesterday I
did I try not to laugh back so challenge
I'm trying to make it up and do like a
bigger range of videos because I've
always wanted my channel to be like that
lately it's been a lot of vlogs and I
want to keep like doing different things
because that's just what I want to do
all the reading the main comments videos
those are all hilarious I love making
those even the Q&A is I think you're
really funny anything with mean Quentin
sorry time Gale boxed openings as well
keep those where are we going our own
but I'm still going to be doing some
vlogs let me know of some stuff you guys
just want to see me do right now it's
like a peel box openings in a QA then
I'm reading comments then a reaction
video every week next I'm probably going
to read my mom's comments and then maybe
my own
I don't know I also try to do like one
crazy or whatever video where we do
flips and stuff whether it be with a
beanbag or if it's trampoline versus so
kind of have a schedule not really
speaking of schedules I upload around
three o'clock Kansas time which is 1
o'clock la time in four o'clock New York
I don't know any others but I'm kind of
on a schedule now if you guys didn't
know that and my arm is getting tired so
I'm set down the camera so we can roll
around on the floor of my car because
they need them it's something that holds
your camera Oh camera bag never heard of
it all about real quick I see that I
need to go get my miles change right it
says ten thousand nine hundred twenty I
need to change it again look at that is
it's freaky 2920 bro well I just thought
that was crazy okay there's always a big
Sun when I speed over right here listen
ready what is this
our mom buys the actual pop-tart don't
buy these ones get the ones better like
orange and what are they like brown
their offerings are way better than the
original it's weird yeah in that right
Rose she likes later you can put it in
hey you're never going to do a sponsored
by popped on the original pop-tarts are
great so in yesterday's video I was
going to show you guys this but I ended
up making a sit-down video backyard is
one step closer to being clean so I
cleaned off all of the freaking
marshmallows on the trampoline it still
looks like they're there to be honest
like from far away but I mean I did it
kinda it's still gross and I still don't
know if we going to take that trampoline
to the new house I mean obviously we
have to do something with it but I think
we waited too long and I don't think
it's ever going to be clean but I could
be wrong we just wanted to give the
trampoline to ten - and Quinton is on
his way over I think we're taking
pictures I don't know what's going to
happen I think you're saying why do
plastic how do you retard
No Deal hi rose get up here look look
how tall she is here let me get the
plastic why did you give it a plastic
another spoon I don't know but look look
at how pretty she is she can't be
trusted anymore
don't leave plastic on the edge of the
counter should be in here somewhere
that's it there we go you want to hold
this real quick thank you - sure BAM
perfect so uh someone spent video ideas
and Salmonella opened it in the last day
of my opening that we did tell I'm gonna
open them up right now without dropping
the hashtag ask Quinn er technically did
that like two days ago
so see they're out of ideas - hey ro
I'm gonna paper is not enough like this
fine yo trampoline versus paint oh my
god that actually is a hey you're not
eating this see dogs you didn't need the
other ones who took it yeah yeah I do
want to do that I don't want to come out
of my hair I don't know that's that one
in that ones are maybe messy sibling tag
it's by the donor twin so I actually
watch the Dolans win I like them I like
that person she loves the doctor am I
saying that right Dolan Dolan I don't
know what that is what is that
but many siblings I know so they had
their sister in it and they ask
questions about them that they got it
wrong she slapped in my shaving cream
this is why are how would you Ben Murphy
yep okay well trying girl products with
Clinton oh my god yeah that's also from
the Dolans with and like a million of
the youtubers okay okay that that's a
good one I do want to do that look at
that I'm planning out videos and it's
all thanks to you these are actually
good it should have done this a while
ago prank calling fans I've kind of done
that not really praying I just called
them but I could do prank calling fans
you go hey don't put this in but I think
they just scrolled visibility animals
okay I got one more idea for you
what busy way to Joe's roast years old
yeah I wanted a to roast myself I roast
myself a lot in the hard drive of
stupidity which I'm gonna have my mom
watch when she gets home she's taking
the freakin lid now stop it trampoline
of dares now I don't I don't know what
you mean by that let's jump around and
then pick one up and then like whichever
one you picked up you have to do or do
you have to do with the dares on the
trampoline or both I don't know but the
dole in terms of a video called hat of
bears hey well maybe that's why they
have three million subscribers and I
have two million yeah that is it all
right take it dizzy waiter challenge
look it up if by the dough hey would you
would you stop I'm trying to make a
video here if we ever film your video
Taylor I'm snapchat enjoy the whole
thing okay bubble bath Q&A all mix it up
we open packages in the bath and now
we'd be doing questions that might be a
little bit too much bathtub for the
channel oh my kids there's never too
much back to especially what to do with
Clinton next I'm not done yet
hi snapchat Q&A have I ever done that
before no I'm
I've been snatched from fans I haven't
done like a strictly Q&A but I might do
that and last one yoga challenge I ain't
a go I don't know how I do that with
what I do that with a collab with
another youtuber when I do it with my
girlfriend Chris what I do and I'll do
it with Rose and these are the rest of
mine that I wrote down here you go
she's trying take it Hey here they go
and now our living room is dirty ugh
Taylor those papers made it dirty okay
well thank you again to whoever sent
those I forgot the name we will have to
make some of those happen for future
videos and Quentin is here now Quentin
got a haircut
you mean Rutter did it over
reddit it equals the retarded way to say
retarded and retard is offensive so
redder did you ready to go to bed yeah
also guys I drove in a ditch the other
day I don't know if my car's messed up
or not but I just take it a turn on the
dirt road and I was going fast and I
didn't really make it onto the road I
was turning onto this I'll show you all
right here it is I was turning onto the
road I'm on right now show them what I
did I went like halfway into that ah
dude if you know went in there I know I
know I'm a stupid as dark and I was
scared we were literally destroyed your
color oh that had to get the Audi r8
dang it best part about trains
after you wait for them you get a race
to the person next to you if you're in
the front you're already broken you're
gonna be English smoke dude
alright moment look she's leaning up oh
he doesn't happen yet oh you're gonna
you're gonna brake you're on the same
good job I decided fertile ago selling
Quinn's we win oh yeah I bet you
devastated huh huh Clarice now we have
the open road
ah
alright guys we are here at the new
house getting a little sneak peek let's
check it out this is all you guys get to
see no more no less
oh my god dude I'm just I'm sweating
looking at this busy ah yo okay so we do
it should we do it okay three two one no
come on it's haunted
so that smells bad nope I'm okay the
joke is over
okay so we've decided to not take any
all my pictures are boring there's
nothing to do I mean you drive 30
minutes the coolest thing you're going
to find is some graffiti on the walls
you'll kick Wow look at it all around
you there's nothing what are you doing
on your brother in it pretty I need you
to watch a video real quick while you
wait yeah five minutes sure let's go we
need some pretty lights up in here
you're going to be promoting this hard
drive that's really bad you can enjoy
and whenever I have a camera clip there
I can barely hear it but I can hear it
enough for it to be a Larry haha oh no
no you're not ever showing this to
anybody
yes I am and that's it oh my god what do
you think final thoughts mom tell her
ever ever be shown it will be show okay
but what date can I release it when
you're 21 it's alright I don't even
remember what the last clip was I think
it was me showing my mom the hard drive
but it's dark now just loser how's it
coming
gently and painfully is this torture why
don't we hire someone to do this
we are she's been right there I mean
like a big team we're working on it it's
just hard to get people to yeah hard
work oh one last thing
okay remember how I ordered that guitar
for Guitar Hero right for the Xbox and I
had it in the video and then I smashed
it cuz it didn't work well okay I
ordered another one and I was like huh
maybe this one will work I got it
plugged it in work fine played a song
turn it off then a week later turn it
back on it doesn't turn on anymore I'll
just have to smash that one too best $80
I ever spent but yeah guys I hope you
enjoyed this video thank you guys so
much for watching this video and don't
forget liking towards bench if you
enjoyed subscribe to new and i'll see
you guys in the next one
peace out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
