hey Quinn I gotta put on my jacket real
quick Oh your your hair all over this
arm shoes hi rose which one of them is
my boyfriend neither okay the reason
this video is titled reading my
boyfriend's comments is because I need
views from you get worried viewers and
he is a boy that's my friend so
technically it's not quick paint you
should clear space in the title but what
is going on guys today we are back and
we are on my bed full of emojis pretty
nice I like it and I might move this
blanket kinda distracting and yeah I
have already went through and
screenshotted some comments from his
page and this is just going to be like
the one dude with Paris about half this
video is going to be us reading his
Instagram comment and then the other
half is going to be a QA off of Twitter
and yeah were you doing there bro oh
okay okay before you started how do you
guys like the new jacket I think it's
kind of freaking cute the first one is
from this picture
Rose you're going to have to quiet down
that's just how it's gonna have to be
the first one is stop being cringy with
five laughing fades oh five of these bad
boys right after that rude remark you
know I don't think he's cringy I think
the word you're looking for is cute yeah
it is Otto 5000 crap I'll get the B's on
here yes okay next one - you could lie
to me where you get going which is not
me I Quentin Makana P are you jealous
that Parris got a kiss from Tanner I
would be - well you see if he doesn't
need to be jealous because he got the
first one ever
he got one first so I mean like I've
already said this in a video before the
one with him was just you know more
enjoyable he was just way more into it
and I mean me and Quinn connect on a
spiritual level it's just like that I
mean we even have look at our socks
right now god I was gonna lose pants but
I sweated them at the wine I have a
blood sweat stage
when you're gonna go smash Tanner mess
up my mom call me um I'm a little busy
what do you know I'm kind of with my
boyfriend reading his comments oh well
okay if you have Photoshop on your
computer no no we ever did smash per se
I mean I can already tell you my face
throughout the whole thing you are way
hotter than Tanner all right oh yeah
really really because I can spell
actually no I can't because I spelled
something wrong in my Instagram post
yesterday slowly does not have him in it
but lonely does I need an explanation
wow you're ripped but you act like
you're too
oh there's too cool for you if I was him
there should be my face after that bro
cool
ah one more remark like that we're gonna
get rose and her Knicks back flip on you
yeah she's going to be liking you like
she bites me which hurt she's gonna be
your be friends and they're gonna steal
your MP as it you but can you please
quit being a go for Tanner's brother
he's got a GF o they're on do they dude
years a little get it parents is a
really and she isn't like a big part of
this right now yeah see what's going on
I'm not actually trying to date him I'm
kind a true all right next picture is
this one that was taken in the bathroom
at an airport where we sat for five
hours
fun time what boring me we also had
horrible food at this one restaurant
remember that Airport suits market to do
it again
Tanner's face when he first saw Quentin
it was more something like this
where to get out there no no there's one
other one that would work
where's it at oh here it is yeah this is
it we could do the emoji challenge where
you just try to make your face like the
emoji okay
my screensaver is you and Tanner kissing
that's quite the coincidence if that's
not your screensaver you have your
priorities in place I don't think so
actually all three of us can be
boyfriend's full homo
you see there's already a third party
his name is Dylan well I mean millon I
mean 17 Steven and you know he's already
got the spot but if anything happened to
him I could be breaking his other leg or
something I can't be a part of the
nourish you and no pun intended to fill
in feet yeah you should tell the burnt
carpet story when he hits three mil it's
more of a group couple decision yeah you
know I was the one that's staying mostly
injuries it's not all the injury is just
my lungs a little bit me and my
third-degree burns but they're a little
bit okay you guys are gonna know you
know this one would be one I'd expect to
be on maybe a girl's Instagram does it
say you got a juicy booty it says let me
pick you oh no all right moving on next
picture my personal favorite on the list
you and your non-existent nipples
they're not lying there tiger
don't make fun of my hip make my mine
okay I can deal with the heat not all of
us has nice little pepperonis on our
chest now that was ever so let's have
her she gives us some of us have killed
everybody is a guy who denied my health
insurance claim where your nipples are
fine you don't need to reconstruct them
I want Hershey kiss nipples and I want
you to pay water
how are you single he's not I just don't
want to show like all my girlfriends on
camera because then they'll find out
about each other screw how that was all
okay time to tweet tweet me questions to
answer with my boyfriend
hashtag winner when will you make a
relationship video we all right now
let's get the left into the nose when
are you guys going to get tattoos oh I
want one run by 18 or 19 I kind of want
one I can't decide I want to get one
when I'm like 17 maybe 18 I don't know I
don't want to spoil what it would be
something and say anything but it'd be
cool you get a colorful sleeve and we're
left on all I'm going to say is if I got
one it'd probably be on the back of my
neck which is kind of risky but it's
just where I want it
so yeah everyone's tweeting me pictures
according to my sister but I know that
love is not real like ours automatically
is real it doesn't matter how many
Lamborghinis do you have well he has
none um if you come on join marriage we
share 5050 I have Germany as ten that's
like a small little fraction of what I
actually have they're all in boxes out
there and if I ever find the time to
sort through them all there's probably
be like 200 what are your guys's three
favorite shows on Netflix the 100
there's probably two others on there
mine first one is The Walking Dead
even though it's like still on TV I
spilled other second I just finished
watching all the malcolm in the middle'
because I got really bored I started
watching that 70 show again it's really
funny so I want to be proven dead at
seven times since the 2-hour movie yeah
they didn't ask about movies is the
thing under estimate lol singer Whaley
oh you guys have plans on getting
married it would propose to who's a
question neither did a fan ever annoy
you
the only thing that annoys me is going
up there cuz it drives over through only
people I've had annoy me I wouldn't call
fans because they know they're doing it
and they're just haters dictators next
to mad cuz I'm going to top and they're
not at the top of this chart they're mad
that have to meet really guilty what's
up you want back in the party rush will
you ever get married if yes how what do
you mean how I'm going to drive through
marriage is it lovely
when are the clickbait off sockets or
any of your pop sockets restocking we're
going to have someone else take care of
it soon because we saw enough time and
we want to be able to put more out there
because we can't put thousands out there
because you don't time to package them
all up it's in them yeah left I'm sup
thanks Ken yeah they all sold out in
like few hours so I feel bad for people
like overseas in Australia
that were sleeping when I posted the
video announcing it and then yeah it's
Tristan ever moving out you know
probably not because of the new house
he'll probably stay here for like few
more years at least I'll probably move
there I'll probably move out before
Tristan or around the same time to be
honest why are you moving over 40 who is
the better singer singing off
ABCD efg do you ever get tired of each
other well yeah we do but when we do we
just flip it off yeah let's take a nap
together so I do get tired of his rows
inflicting wounds on how are you not gay
I don't even know this whole time giving
on Tyra she's still fricking binding us
will you be going to playlist live
actually yes I think uh-huh who pays the
bill that I have he does obviously on
job we take turns
yeah one time I'll do it or estimate
fielding the lady always asked just like
do you want to split the bill I'm like
mocking what does make roast our pain
right but yeah guys thank you guys so
much for watching this video don't
forget to leave like interest friends do
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys the next one peace out
it ain't like oh that Rose better be and
this year you got her lips full and that
she's gay yeah uh now uh why okay bye
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
