what did you long guys today we are back
and say hi what's up fam so I woke up
and like usual had no video ideas like I
said in yesterday's video I lacked
creativity and Sam gave me a video idea
jar I should probably look through that
haven't yet but I looked over at my
window well and I remembered I have a
ton of emoji tools that you guys have
sent me and it got me thinking I haven't
done trampoline verses in a while so I
wanted to do something so we're going to
use all of these and I'm also going to
go to Walmart and buy as many as I can
and then we're going to stick them on
the trampoline and this isn't trampling
versus pillows because they're different
okay
this face is on them and couldn't get a
join maybe just Dylan's legs hurt and
he's the best flipper around
I am I woke up and my right foot hurts
to like bend that way
like straighten it out it's really weird
so I'm going to be doing one foot trick
or very simple stuff but you're going to
watch anyway because these videos do
well for some reason my source pre-talk
swallow
awesome bro we're doing great today
what's do this oh yeah and I think I
have permission to film and Walmart now
with my big camera they don't say
anything to me anymore which is kind of
nice so we're going to go test that
today though hopefully we don't get in
trouble
do you guys like the new shirt though
just pick this out yes they have some
holes in it so I mean it's pretty cool
and it's kind of quick baby so I like it
I didn't receivable there on the sleeves
it's called fashion and if any of you
guys didn't believe me that I said I put
the emoji pillow on my lanyard do your
own and hey matches my shirt and it's
nice out again it was freezing a little
bit ago but now it's good so it's nice
it's like 70 degrees again Wow oh and I
wash my car too so it looks like meters
it looks less terrible you're right we
got bleeding inside
yeah inside so kind of good enough time
to vacuum it out ready we're going to do
like in my daily life video you acted
like this is a spaceship so we're going
to do a countdown 69 68
I turned it off I forgot I have my foot
on the brake let's risk on-field I also
bought shorts because it's shorts
weather out here boys we're going to put
them in my back keep my trunk full of
fan mail we're not going to forget a
card either because we always do is that
one now okay I think they're over here
we found some I'm pretty sure they're
all going to be like this thing violent
I don't have this red one yet okay we're
good start we're going to buy everyone
yeah might as well
I always violate every bit that I can
whenever we do these and usually there's
not enough but why are you being so slow
about it is one target officials it oh
yeah I wasn't thinking with it is it
just me or do all these looks like a
little bit not real I think Apple
copyright thing so that you can't do the
exact thing let's pull up an emoji on my
phone real quick so if I pick it
snapchat and then I go to my emoji
recent masculine I don't know it looks
kind of real these big yellows off of
here all true it is this kind of crappy
I put down my story but people will be
very confused and so this videos out do
this will make sense once you see
tomorrow's video okay now let's get the
rest that's all of them alright I saw a
head on out we crammed a lot of them
down in here time to go back all of them
stick them in my car head back home
thank you thank you guys have a good day
- Oh John you have any room get in there
- our place of living world you know
okay we got our box we're at home living
rooms clean up the family actually yeah
we cleaned out after videos it sucks
look Rose has an emoji pillow haha we
might add that to the stacks later
speaking of rose there's waiting to be a
part of the school odd was a gross
what's up red I told you we never buying
mascara we bought all that we could okay
if you like other people get a small
sampling if we get smaller quantity we
have a small sampling right there it
works pretty good - I think we're going
to screw the trampoline so they don't
fly on a manhole cover
I don't want to get ruined and who knows
I might stick them all in my new room I
don't know to use my muscles I won now I
won't photo yeah it's what I was kidding
when I said I just going to play with
this a lot after the last fan hoping all
right we got the trampoline moved I
thought all the pancake disappeared but
there's still some on the bottom and my
fingers definitely just gotten it new
roads want to get on
hahaha how could it she's beside him at
her leg doesn't hurt right now she likes
them this could just be roses new bed
like I put her up here every night
dude that's actually a lot of them I
like so cool with all the different
colors we're going to lay them all face
up and then I want to lay them for a
picture yes Queen yes this is fun emoji
angel let's get started this looks so
cool the most spread out oh I know
someone's just waiting for them to
follow off let's get them all in the
middle for this one you're all going to
fly off I'm already tired and I should
probably have some sort of physical
activity in my life Quentin take over
you know I'll start slow with a back
flip maybe double front one day trailing
off today oh and Rose takes over what
was the first face that fell off here
Rose you can take it yes that's right
alright see you later I think this one's
like the most legit one that actually
looks like the emoji this one's the
farthest off you can get now there was a
winking one that one what the Frick is
this never seen one like that dude
there's still some skittles over there
where all the dead grasses and she eats
them still so look yeah there's flies
all around it
yeah look this flies all over it you had
bees there's bees all over that Rose get
away maybe that's why you're freaking
light hurt there you go roast for later
look why are you in the bush you scared
of the bees or what hey don't fight it
be silly
hey I said you could have one emoji
pillow why are you in the blush Rose
what's wrong with her this is turned
into my dog in a bush I would see Viking
Lander frontlets you know I landed my
first front flip four months after I
landed my first backless these will
replace my phone pad since they are
quite taken - I got you now look is the
main that were double-cross from transit
shrimp with marshmallows now I can
bounce on this one and they all won't
fly up so I'll earn loans it's freaky
trampling stains with marshmallows that
fell off
they took my balance I was scared rug
give me my super mode noting your dog I
was like anyone I were taking a five
minute break so Quentin can go get his
brother and I can catch my breath
alright we're back now and turns out
hold on when we said there's bees on the
skittles we weren't lying
yeah rose actually got stung by a bee
come here yeah you got stung on the
mouth and that's why she was jumping in
the bus
look at the size different on her right
side to compare to left
it's freaking huge and how swollen and
yard why rose you gotta quit let these
be bees okay way to do so whatever
happens again we're gonna put you in a
little vest now you're a hot hot dog
leggo I'll put these on you come on go
get him just ice it all right this has
nothing to do with the trampoline oh
well did you try to bite through the
hall get away from the beach you just
got stung right there we'll just put it
back on the strainer for you go come
here come here no you can click bait
discuss what what happened to my dog
how's it feel to be stupid lot a old
adage just like what happened doesn't
dog abuse if she wants it wrong
go ahead please all right I'm bout
freakin done having see you well at
least this should be pretty easy to
clean up right well I'm going up
particularly more I kind of want all
these in my bed let's do it this is
probably the fastest way to do it I
think
Quentin I'm ready
Oh God the heavy flutter grab him quick
somebody just dirt on them I don't like
yet and first round is over my room is
looking fantastic you know I never
really thought about how big of a role
emojis play in my life like look I got
them on my walls on my bed they're
everywhere dude are we ready for rounds
here sergeant
apartment here captain you know
hopefully in the new house I can get
this to our isn't it clear look at this
it's so weird it keeps showing clear
from red and look you can see like the
dirt in it and stuff if you shake it up
it's like a freaking snow globe with
fungus or whatever that is all the other
ones are completely fine though go ahead
what I can't hear you Quentin took the
frickin blowtorch to the bees you have
to tell us all right
my dad is looking amazing and last one
this is the dream life baby this is all
I've ever worked for the one that my
face is on smells like rose okay guys
well there's my bed looking great I love
it my room in the new house is really
big so I mean they'll all fit i'ma have
to keep them but yeah we're going to go
try to take care of our B situation
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it don't
forget to leave a like in terms of
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to new
and I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out
Rose let me see your mouth let me see
your mouth it's still a little bit
swollen
you know quit biting the bees are you
gonna quit biting them I think you're
gonna quit biting them look there's one
right there no one's safe huh your
pillows gone someone brought it inside I
got you Pam I got you I got you here you
go I got to go out of this video have
fun okay thought you came in looking
like that you just maybe
