what's going on you two I got Tigers on
my shirt oh I got the freaking Korsak
what's it called into crocodile night
hey stop we're not ready yet
Tom this is why you're not in ever after
what did you want i guys today we are
back and I'm sorry I didn't upload es
ABS only on Twitter I said I just needed
a day off
stop quit now but we're back today doing
a peel box opening because having on one
of these in a week so it's time again
and we have a lot of packages still all
my living room so we're not in the bath
because I don't want to move all these
and we're trying to get a lot of them
done this video and we're going to try
to do better at saying names and like
reading what's actually in them because
a lot of the times we just say stupid
stuff and even though I like the videos
like that I still want to be able to say
the names and so yeah I'm going to try
to edit down a little bit less yeah
we're going to get started okay let's go
can I actually open this now without
getting criticized there we go can well
I can RC this is a bunch of stuffed
animals all right these are going to
pull a Tanner this is pretty cool all
whoa that actually a wooden motorcycle
isn't for Quentin I don't know what
except is that a woman have a break the
give you Saints Row it's like the ones
like Gigi it's all you're really lucky
you can discriminate huh click baby bear
rows tore up the other one so this is
mine thank you lex Youngman is it this
please come with expedition y'all why
specifically well I don't think so this
is why I hardly ever read the letters
because I can't over hi my name is Oscar
I am eight years old I live in Arizona
and I have been subscribed for six
months now I love your videos because
you're funny starts at handwriting I was
a weirdest hina well thank you Oscar a
thanks those an extra beat there's
actually mix no way look like that yeah
those are sweet come on actually some me
be lai laily wait look at Majesties
those Beecher from Carson he turned it
in what's reading Carson's letters Rose
if you can't hear Rose was walking down
in front what is that what the heck no
that is so cool okay this thing isn't
Rose I swear look it goes on and off
what's the fruit and even flaccid I got
to find out to put that in like my
wallet we were just at I could come see
Tony small buckwheat Slayers we're
literally
set that multi I got the swaggy outfit
grow fur I got this ridiculous Jeff
Carson thank you so much chocolates
insane rose
I'm not to put her outside Rose over
here come on I didn't give you a nail
polish thank you bit for the shirt and
the LOI thing a big ol box surprisingly
light so if it's a bunch of boxes I'm
gonna be upset this is from Kim but not
his mom oh here we go we got a little
bit of art but a bit I see socks there
was one weird with the cat art like him
I'm guessing this is Chinese candy if it
still doesn't annotated Oh finally what
the
I got flags whoa what's the Batman ice
not like no it's not you just wait it is
what I think it is yes Ben hi mmm
ee 9 deadly awesome Alexa oh this is one
of those Alexa things off Amazon
yeah there's nothing to Clara I'm
talking here Tanner my name is Hayley
and I'm an 11 year old girl from ma
woods that Massachusetts I think that's
right I've been stuck for a while now
and I love your videos you were the only
youtuber i watch I hope you like the
random things I put in the Box
toquyen he's funny lol but he's read
this in a video if you petros for me
well I was I to put her outside because
she was trying to knock over my camera
but thank you that candy was good
GenBank
I bought the boxes mine well what do we
have to connect for well that's just
like a biggest Lambo YouTube job and
then a Rana authentic timorously button
oh I wish actually gave a prize for 2
million I guess it's not that big of a
deal by me leave me spongebob Connect
four I'll have to assemble this later
thank you this is going to get sad
what's inside of that at the very bottom
with a tiny little Clorox clay thing oh
this is that one this one's the hollow
one please open on camera with elf
princess commanding warning fussing
sighs bubble wrap is very fragile do not
stab I'm talking to you Quentin
oh well you got it you can screw all
over this this is football
thank you for the Hat what's the roots
from they didn't run that well Thank You
Madison all the dough tofu
cool freakin Lambo in here boom
Lamborghini look at that silver with one
stretch why oh my gosh this is this all
this is from money okay I've been
playing I've so much been off in your
house my dog couldn't fit these so enjoy
the throws that guy got to put these on
real everything that Dalton Dalton thank
you dude hey Tanner my name is Leo and
my friend Josh and I are huge fans we
watch you every single day and we think
that you and Quentin are wicked funny
it's cool I cannot flip it but Josh can
please tell Terrance and Taylor rose and
your mom that I said hi thanks for your
time Leo and Josh hope you like the
Lambo and hat thank you guys Giulio
where'd I set my knife at Oh probably
motor sticks come on Tanner and me thank
you
oh no don't even do it I just bought
this is full price this is full yeah oh
there's work it will open it inside your
box
oh you are number one Madison you got us
yeah hey Tanner my name is Madison I'm
15 I'm an all-star cheerleader that's
cool what every word you read is same as
mine but whatever name hey guys looks a
little cheer for reflection of a teenage
dad coming to you baby up I don't think
I want my kids sitting a friend I really
love your videos and you're always funny
and entertaining my favorite videos are
your filled box opening totals there you
go with Quinton ha I sent you a 2016
memory jar some bleach and a hot dog
costume for roads a YouTube video idea
jar please do a dizzy waiter challenge
it would be so funny to watch all sorry
let me so much keep making videos -
Maddie listen this is really heavy and
this one you guys enter you're missing
all the cool people here you got drums
thinking you got a slingshot window
there's a tall wooden stuff a lot of
ever since that is awesome they put my
face on an elf but I mean it should be
quittin though you gave me my own box I
didn't decide No yeah does I don't know
where to put all this stuff oh we got it
they'll kill Rick you panicking who rule
that's a Google cardboard
today I've always wanted this like the
virtual reality cardboard set you stick
your phone it's from Charlie
Cassie no so this is the video idea jar
they were talking about thank you I am
act
very uncreated in me because not even
Australia Australia toy car I wonder
wonder what it could be I still haven't
gotten an Audi r8 in fan mail so I'm
waiting yet yeah here we go we got
destroy Lambo this one is like the first
one I've gotten in the packaging usually
they're already open thank you they gave
me the Australian think this looks like
it should be going on your jacket
hi Tanner my name is Finley and I'm 11
years old and I'm nearly 12 here are
some things from Australia and a mini
Lamborghini I've been watching your
videos for a year now and my favorite
one special lasagna and reason you're
listed on my frickin sangchul is lasagna
right here we go oh you're my favorite
youtuber and you taught me how to do it
back up on the ground keep up the good
work and good luck in the new house
thank you dude I can't let see what this
is it looks little they have the bro big
3d printed the drunk Art Supply Co logo
it's easy easy supposed to
you can't stand it this is sick what the
it was like the face cream does when he
goes we got a rock and another piece of
paper this is from the Dylan family
because I'm probably gonna forget we're
in our macho guys we're actually making
progress this is a dinosaur this is the
open on camera son I guess oh this isn't
make noises but it's a little chicken oh
you wish that on the blade my name is
Dylan go goat probably I'm 12 and I live
in Maryland I've been walking your
videos since you were at 200,000
subscribers I 3d printed the drunkest
Blanco logo I knew it as awesome and I
made some paper glasses which might be
broken
or crumbled I also said you a water
bottle for flipping obviously there's
some other random things too
I used to have a youtube channel called
in pain bottle flippers I only have 15
subs in 8 videos I love it if you
checked it out though you got me doing
tricks on the trampoline and now I love
the trampoline it's thank you dude on
the Nexus is from Kalia or catelleya
however
oh no you can keep the Emma not yet we
got more headphone we what's up with the
headphone that's pretty nice I want to
listen to you I've been hahaha we got
this little guy is this the candy was
from Lexi this looks like the
Lamborghini version of a is Lamborghini
but it's a freaking light minivan bought
is another Lamborghini two in a row
there's more artwork heavy rock is like
right when we're done I always do
probably going to be a poster listen
let's check we got more artful hey Talia
thank you bro also within a skull but it
broke in there Wow broke why did it
break that's what you're going to look
like after I'm done boy
mo matures I swear if it's a purple
Lamborghini posters I am figure out what
that only some what's that a letter for
Paris I'm gonna read it I gotta finish
my thank you I'll repose of these room I
just ripped the freaking poster because
they put tape all over it I hand
selected this one because it said lots
of space to do Clinton and anger it's
not purple every game thank you right
down to the freakin packaging there you
go oh and you in seventh grade I already
wore these things this is going right
downstairs this is from will that was
from Tyler Evans and this one's like
really small ice I'm gonna put one of
these on my uh my keychain all right I'm
going to read this letter to Paris
oh so Paris gets money and I get nothing
I didn't do these rips but there's
written overboard
this is from call home or something I
don't know what to say so I sent fund it
for you and Tanner or Dylan or Quentin
hey Ben here you're here but you're
really cool stay in school and you and
Tanner best vlog your fans cold yes
don't go crazy on the fun dip PS Jacob
Hey look yeah some sour skittles I'm
kind of hungry you kind of wanted what
if I doesn't have any back we a little
more vet but this better be real hello
yes I can't wait oh my gosh why things
are still things are sweet fine you keep
getting the cool stuff you know we had a
big old president what is that I don't
know we're gonna
that while I read this letter to myself
you guys are really encouraging me to be
dangerous and I kind of enjoy it do we
see these ya know Paris got three
dollars and I got five I'm putting this
in my car so if anyone ever wants to do
me in anger
I'll just a tour a little bit and go
through my favorite youtuber dear Tanner
I've been watching your videos for
really long time well thank you Cole I'm
taking this luckily and you're standing
in a row it's not going to happen I
can't open this thing it's a it's a big
thing above all right what if I was so
light ya know this is like the best gift
now I can just sit here and pop it I'm
going to set this downstairs I can just
do that when I'm forward all right here
we go all right those are the last two
these are lots of you right here here
Tanner burger I hope you like the
Lamborghini synchroflow okay
I'll be worse don't smoke points of uui
NTEN
Lamborghini keep flipping sorry for the
bad handwriting it's actually really
good handwriting I don't know what
you're talking about
although better than mine yeah good god
dude I'm gonna hurt myself
Thank You g-man well just let me do they
give me home yeah that is so today
honestly this is all we cuter on
sunglasses you know one for girls okay
that's pretty cool
all three of them or oh my god thank you
for this hi Tanner these are yours ones
that they said Clinton they put your
name wrong sorry it's a sin Allah gave
them beard
Tanner burger hello my name is Jordan
chassis and no I'm not a boy I'm a girl
I live in fair Barry in it Brenda why no
no oh I'm 14 years old
hold on let me do the whole librarian
thing I'm 14 years old and my friends
Harley and I have been watching your
videos forever
your sister Taylor should really get a
YouTube account she actually is going to
be making a video soon I'm probably
going to be making our first video with
her to get her stars on the TAT you're
going to be in a2 and it's going to say
why coiler is real interesting is doing
well and tell him that I said hi
my favorite vlog is when you're watching
your old videos and when you start
saying why did I show the whole phone
call and she didn't even pick up yeah I
remember that and when you taught your
dog a backflip hey that was that's
pretty fun she didn't really do it but
hello and I love your outdoor song it
ain't my fault r3hab remix there you go
if you guys didn't know that in all my
descriptions by the way your flipping
videos and vlogs are funny especially
when you're with friends corn and Dylan
or in the video coordinates funnier ah
they still does name wrong they spelled
it wrong instead
right aesthetics later and if cording is
there tell him he is awesome
hey you're awesome you joking you're
awful thanks for all the amazing videos
and can't wait for more I hope you love
the fan art collage
PBS we all thank you and Dylan are
really cute sorry funny
it felt quentin this time to you en pi/8
edge how about someone else did it like
fall and then they signed it
Thank You Jordan that I'm not funny that
I'm cueing he started the night I'm
funny auntie it's the best of both look
well guys I got it for this hey let me
do it on the profession I just fell to
get a longer me this was a successful
kill box of me thank you guys so much
everyone that sent mail and thank you
guys so much watching this video don't
forget to leave a like your answer you
enjoyed subscribe to new and I'll see
you as an excellent job stop stop
my thought you came and looking like
that you just made me
