what is going on guys today we are back
and I'm going to be doing a day in the
life of Santa brogard because I did one
of these before and it was like a skin
it was really short like two minutes
long and it just had me doing flips and
my life's changed I also did an actual
day in the life where I just did a vlog
and title to that but today will be
different I'm doing a day in the life of
Tannenberg art I don't really know what
its going to get to this stuff but we're
going to make it happen right now
usually I get up get out of bed oh I
already have shoes on for some reason
open up my curtain make it nice and
bright usually it's a different guy
first thing I do yeah get that out of
the way get up go over here first things
first is get dressed got my black shirt
everyone this like five times last week
but it's okay my favorite shirt then we
put on the jacket there we go
and yeah that's that's the first step I
forgot to admire my Lamborghinis and
before I can continue with any more of
my day I get a walk over here sit down
boop-boop check YouTube stop blah blah
blah and then I get to edit my video
here do do do then this is done and then
I can close my computer I forgot
exporting uploading thumbnail tag my
life so hard and I usually power on the
ps2 grab the guitar this is my favorite
song to play to warm up then I have the
camera over to Quentin because he's my
go-to cameraman and the best driver what
this is this single one what's that red
blinking light me and Janna there's a
red light blinking as it broke
your guitar hero no oh
our goddess
well actually did I totally did I have a
same like what do we got here this is
100 red I hit every note there was only
forty four notes and I hit them all it's
right there you know what I'm sick of
this excellence you want are we going on
an adventure I'll work on something
brother walk out get out of the way yeah
capable your scriptures yeah I want to
smash the only ground all right imagine
what you found on that jump off and
smash it all the country as I like it
girl
yeah now I'm mad white rice comes even
make video I don't think it's gonna hurt
what slice we can get my foot Jackie
wait I want to go back over the first
wow thumbnail real quick all right ready
mm-hmm
so no one gets madness guitar doesn't
work by the way it's doctor paid $80 for
it off Amazon doesn't work so what if it
fixed it so we go try it a tanner that's
not even the same guitar you're just
using know why one more hit it's kind of
fun
this looks like to be a rock star yeah
okay Rose can play with it
for God I usually jump on the trampoline
for a little while every single day so
let's get to it Rose we're busy not
giving you attention where's the
blowtorch on a desk job
he's scared Road thank you we need to
get this out of the way what do you
think dog Oh mm-hmm
I have a feeling I would almost that
okay um let's go uh what else do we do
golly all that jumping turd it made me
sweaty Oh should we got some fan mail
man I guess we better get to our daily
routine oh yeah big bubble bath bubble
oh yeah we do get in sadly I can't put
this part on YouTube good bye for now
oh yeah that feels so nice Glenn thanks
thank you
that's cheap yeah I don't actually want
the bath right now let's go on a drive
row this is the next thing we do we
leave my house you got to be dragged out
with your dope your dope and your result
do it you got them dope vids okay so
this is my car
it's all right I mean it's nothing big I
have too many subscribers
yeah someone sees a dress oh did you
touch that we're moving soon I could
probably leave that it okay get in
lift off all oil change required agency
I still haven't done mapping on some
music before we head out what do we have
huh
we got some funny thing is Isis yeah
always is Tex
I said usually you should I go on drives
till I get bored and I usually guys just
to pretty much the same route every time
like a town 15 minutes away from here
let's go back a little bit you know like
your friends at all that's pretty fun
but today we're making up we're going to
go to IHOP today we're going about 12
hours early or maybe it's a.m. in the
skies Photoshop oh we made it yeah I was
only made it he means we have arrived we
didn't make eye huh
I want you how much loss you can take
out only more wine I don't know I could
have done more
okay let's go oh yeah yeah just Park on
the line until I get it party so they
did renovate but now I have a sign on
the door says come in we're open
oh no way Wow look at this
whispers oh no normal I saw me oh
there's still work here never be this
couple and all of this is new I don't
know what this is gonna say my house I
want the other one back yeah
oh that's an old party they know wise
people who see the camera and then
they're like oh god well it is there we
go ready for this every day except we
haven't done this in like two weeks
that's a lie but you know I made a happy
play
- Roble - oh yeah parking lessons $5 let
me know I just had to give myself plenty
of room because there's a car there all
right let's run in here and buy 200
things that we don't want but we need
for a video just kidding we don't need
it for this video so we're leaving let's
go home but yeah we do that a lot
bye Clinton see you soon we're taking
another bath later whether you like it
or not okay guys we're back on now check
it out the Pops August came in this one
says tanner lane get it it's like tanner
lane and that's my middle name this is
the one for the girls I mean you can get
if you're a guy I'm probably on my own
anyway cuz I'm a savage and I'm have the
quick they want that's definitely going
on my phone I'm like run out of room but
I don't even care
I'll make room we also got more of the
black men's in the link all these all of
them okay so these are not going to be
on the website yet I change the plans
the pops pockets are actually live now
on the website so you guys can go check
them out all of them are restocked tea
bronzer calm go get yourself one and
me a picture and I'll try to like it and
follow you guys back on Twitter and yeah
on with the rest of video you know what
you doing this day in life actually look
to sneak into the new house change all
the locks so I'm going to go to the PIO
box get fan mail and then okay you get
my hair and I'm gonna be late again so
goodbye mom okay come on that okay we
are here hopefully there's no one in
here cuz it's like the middle of the day
I need mail to I'm guessing he announces
quite a bit I be right back
and of course people show up and then
there's a line and then I feel bad but
it's all part of the fun it's funny to
see the older people's faces though okay
now that that fun is over it's off to
get my hair sing I don't do that every
day by heck hello I'm going to be on
YouTube no I saw how I was like funny
I'll give you this yeah Emira common
anyone Oh Janice customers noise
generation last time it was a long
process so I'm gonna skip through it
thank you we got the hair fixed it looks
almost back to normal life is so dark
there we go but there's still some
blonde in it but I think it looks pretty
sweet and we're definitely going to go
take Instagram pictures tonight I know
the blonde wasn't here very long but I
still feel kind of belong and now we are
heading to go me my mom and my sister
and my mom's coffee shop to go get drink
because now that I got a YouTube channel
they want to be friends with me cool
oh my alarms interrupted my Jacob silent
all right we are here try to not park as
bad as I did not right now it's three
o'clock and I gotta upload my YouTube
video we got it right here on private
make it public and then save now I got
to tweet it of course you know make sure
I get some views and now we got to go -
snapchat what's up snapchat say hi to
the vlog and go check out on a YouTube
video because I just posted it it's
bottle fluff game of dare with Clinton
go watch it and that's how you did it
and now we are done but we felt away
from my mom to get here yes I still suck
oh well better than I hope hugging my
hair yeah thank you
you know how Paris is using me for my
Lamborghini and I'm using you for drinks
they was using me to launch your channel
right that she hasn't made any videos on
we're all using each other I think I'm
going to wash my car too because it's
not looking too pretty guess what what I
don't need this hat anymore so it is
yours now
now let's exit the perimeter without
hitting your dog I just said I wanted to
go get my car wash but then I realized
like I have to take her home then this
road suck
alright let's get in here I have a
something serious I need to talk to you
about all right come in here come here
why we seriously need to get started on
this series like soon it's going to be
I'm already going to be 17 even if we
get started now we need this many
episodes as possible so we need what are
you going
No yes you want to deal with everyday
oh she just bought all my toes that hurt
bad I guess no no I don't give you okay
so yeah that is basically the
conversation we have every time she
comes over yes I did when I woke up this
morning after I kissed when I woke up
this morning
charity nice so right there I'm gonna
put this on your hand Oh it'll work I'm
not sure throw it on live one time go
yeah all right let's go come on quit
using my dog okay get up there I want to
see I want to see if you've improved on
your flips we need to do a check out all
right let's see it go what am i doing
your back foot to a front flips
what's that backflip God okay that's not
going to work I get your hat bro there
was do another hat slit let me get out
of here no I'm gonna stay out there what
you on tried oh my god that was great
well Rose came to help you I guess she
does like you hey you have some leaves
on your pants she doing yeah yeah I
wanted to look at your pants why are
they green yeah because this you have it
all over you you almost tripped over a
foam block that's not did it they're
like brick hi come on what something
together for real if I will one there's
water all over that carpet is when
you're going to learn now I'm not
jumping in there 10 likes on this video
and I'll push her in the pool okay oh
yeah cordons back by the way your back
seat looks like behind my couch
okay so we're going to take pictures
right now my hair looks bad now thanks
Paris and yeah we're going to try to go
to a road hopefully it's not busy and
try to get some cool pictures let's give
you your first freakin non selfie
picture on your page see one hiccup and
she's done you weirdo I don't know this
is going to work it's kind of Izzy's I
don't wrote it is I'm shaking so these
might be bad yeah no good pictures are
being taken tonight
it's just your dark we waited too long
so what a fun time is any oh yeah you
need money something got you Sam do you
want a drink you're rolling up dude
oh that receipt don't mind if I do a
little bad so altitudes back home we go
now that we have our food well we a mean
equipment i because you don't let me buy
you food shaking my head
you know it just really goes good with
the freezing weather up freeze I'm
almost like ash looks like I'll be
dropping you off getting gas and then
going to Dylan town yeah all right so
this has been a kind of day in the life
I wanted this to be half a joke but also
show you guys like my entire day because
usually I start filming like whenever I
feel like it and then I just end it
whenever I feel like it's just the right
time so I never really show you guys my
full day but I tried to today that's not
good yeah it's probably not vlog and
drive hope you guys heard that I told
you her Road is horrible Oh what song's
playing man
so you went kid man okay no more free
promotion Jacob you're not that cool so
I had to stop for gas real quick and
kind of forgot my freakin wallet so I
had to run inside and pay cash but I
don't have my driver's license with me
and I'm driving and cops love to pull me
over in this town to kid in a cool car
let's see what's wrong with them like
I've been pulled over for going to speed
limit at least three times it's not fun
hopefully that does not happen I don't
even know how I forgot my wallet oh well
I guess what's going on in here huh
Milind Gitchell what are those pills
you've been popping up there I think I'm
gonna go ahead and in the video oh thank
you dealing as me with the lighting this
time huh that is true but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video
look at that double yeah I think you
guys so much watching don't forget to
leave like insurance friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to new and I'll see
you guys the next one Shadow Ball
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
