I'm so sorry I left it a clip in the
video yes that's good you thank you
talking about you should really watch my
video so you get my joke usually I cut
the clip and then it's Quinn and I
kissing by left one is Parrish 9 is
really risky do you ruin ya is crazy oh
but you kiss rose so it's okay thumbnail
right there quentin cheated on me too or
let me put on my hat because I didn't do
my hair literally my hair just stands up
on its own there I got out of the shower
and it stood up like this so maybe my
hair strain now but I'm gonna wear a hat
for today's video I get my hair fixed
tomorrow hopefully that actually works
yeah what did you on guys today we are
back back with Quinton okay you can quit
leaving comments where's Quinn that you
guys not friends anymore we're just not
really friends and that's it
we're really way friends on camera views
mm-hmm come on oh wow he didn't want to
she can't decide I what's it gonna be
there we go
yeah see she was just limping and I'll
see sprinting make sense right okay guys
so we have found our video idea for the
day we're doing it outside so we're
making it up today mmm all right so for
today's video
do you don't need to drink that yeah
yeah actually I found this on the floor
of my storage room yeah I'm good as you
see by the title we're going to be doing
bottle flip I don't know what I titled
it but something to do with bottle flips
and bears maybe we're going to be doing
flips with this water ball do you guys
have seen people do this for and you
take turns and whoever makes it land
before the other person you know saying
they going to make up a dare for the
person that lost so alright first off no
one's jumping in the pool you would
actually die in the sweater I'll jump in
the pool boy let's see how cold it is
now told you guys have 70 degrees the
other day and now sorry son whether I
doesn't load snap 10 it is for kids 31
degrees out here
nice ok well it's just not windy oh yeah
the real reason I've been hanging out is
because he's sick and I have been sick
like two months and though I don't want
to get double sick alright how much that
much that all right this is good I've
got a couple bottle flips in my day so
how many like 4
and you blue so if I mess up and it
falls over and then Quentin doesn't and
I go like that then he gets a dare me to
do something crazy that you just whip it
over okay so he goes first
rock-paper-scissors here's our paper
Rock scissor paper I didn't do the
filter paper Rock now you're doing rock
paper scissors
if you can flip it into the middle right
here like on the top you get you get a
person has to jump in the pool
alright first off no one's jumping the
pool you would actually die in the
sweater there we go you have a chance to
counter it don't you know why warmup I'm
not gonna make this I get it there
Clinton wakatepe toes in the pool see
there's not a hope for me there you go
it's possible you have to go sit in
roasted dog house with rose for a minute
now dual entirely run from did you put
that in there or what no I put it
yeah back I got a second I was like
using dresser you look like a robber
you're in this invisible and tailing now
no yeah actually something I was pretty
crazy I'll let you see the whole to
stuff the animals people said ah roomies
but being a zombie
how is it in there roaming is probably
good 30 seconds either I I could give
out you robbed that dog house you're
going to jail row cat my hands are
freezing you will see some mom I hope I
don't went again because it's hard to
think of there's alright mister my hands
are cold my technique might be off-key
guys govt yeah if I get two in a row if
I went two in a row the third time I
have to do one to the side so it's
harder so you have a chance since you
suck say that yeah I'm going home so
I'll go right inside there we go
Wow you're lost know if it pauses like
that I got it dang it now I said think
it's not I dare you to jump ahead first
and this is so fit here we go oh my god
have you ever jumped in the pit when it
was nasty oh I forgot you can do it off
the trampoline I don't want you to
actually die come here get it like real
close like tortha my canopy yeah don't
even Bend England you can do off the
ground so you don't break your neck do
this sexy serious oh no oh god my oh you
just think it all your livers better you
don't know what these foam blocks are
like I'm going to be pushing as hard as
I can take a little legal you juggle the
floor Alan we should put another foam
Block in this back to the table we go
let's do three more okay there's gonna
be five chances physics second - you
want your water bottle Rose oh he made
me do something with the foam block
he also made me do a time there so he's
gonna do is I'm gonna burn this and he's
gonna inhale the smoke I'm gonna die
like this actually toxic
no you already smell it from here longer
you wait the worse again you can
literally smell it right now are you not
smelling that I can't inhale that if I
hell it you're jumping in the pool you
know I technically inhaled it because I
still AM I'm an alien to you give me a
easy there since I basically inhale back
Oh either smooth do that or inhale team
let's go fight no marshmallows if you
decide not to do dare you have to jump
in the pool I almost dare you to jump in
the pool and if you don't do it you're
jumping you there was like one clean one
last time and I already used it I don't
know which one to choose there's hairs
on them they're hard as heck dude they
don't even break they're all rock hard
how my supposed to bite into it oh that
sounds so nasty
love your back to the table last two
rounds let's do this you get to go first
I lost mmm the colors are so cool nice
what else is expected all the waterfalls
bent a little bit about accident 40s
this I simply needed a happen spoon yeah
okay I get to take the blowtorch to the
trampoline then you did a jump in the
middle of it until a great little bit of
that little bit of that yeah
bring a little hole in it there we go
look look at the trail okay there's your
starting point there you go buddy
water break why they're breaking this
isn't it's a torch yeah make a little
bit bigger
all right that's good enough if that
doesn't break then it's indestructible
faintly on fire homsexual would get it
amended
Oh Springs we're gonna fly off bro Oh
God oh yeah inside of it okay come on
that's great all right last last round I
get to go first
right yes out of a torch what screw
bottle the guy
last round here we go please the
trampolines on fire and stripping wait
yeah no I should have done that pool if
I can do this you go in the pool Oh case
you thought I was at lying
Oh done oh okay your last stare of today
I want you to do hey why don't you do a
standing back foot off the ledge of the
pit into the pit
I haven't seen quitting go back home in
forever so this is on the bike am gonna
be great oh look like I like straight up
I started the feeling of a backflip and
I truckin whew you got I can't remember
how to do this very hours do it it's
nothing to the ground now yeah I did in
the pit I feel safe for down to the
grass go
get my balance dude yes I love it dude I
remember why I quit doing what alright
we're going with sides but that is
visual for this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it it was kind of fun but it was
really cold I'm still cold B I think you
guys so much for watching this video
don't forget to leave like in terms of
friends if you enjoyed subscribe you
knew and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace now it ain't my fault that
such a water bottle slips yo no way okay
guys I just peeked outside we still not
video when it was light out is now 636
we found that two hours ago I just keep
my head outside so trampoline is still
on fire it's like completely it's
completely burned now like I mean a flat
side up look how much it burns it burns
all over the sugar that was probably a
big fire and we didn't even see it and
we're so stupid in bed
good thing it's on the concrete and
can't go anywhere supposedly and it's
not windy let's get this all right now
it's out there we go alright what's
freaking going fine oh it's so stupid it
was mumm-ra's let's go okay goodbye for
good now it isn't our fault that the
trampoline caught on fire actually it is
my thought you came in looking like that
you just may be fun
