what is going on guys
taday we are back still
 
 
you sound stuffy i have no makeup on
maybe but right now i'm about to go
ahead and get my hair dyed did I tell
you that mom I don't know Shannon my
hair lady told me whenever i get there
that will talk about it i did a poll on
Twitter and I think blonde one but i
don't know what I really want to do
how did blowing my hair is kind of dark
i don't know it could be darker I think
it looks kind of good hey what's up to
do dark brown because I've already done
blowing like you do the guy fieri's you
don't know you guys here is it is a
minute to win it then that show that's
all I know is that i'm reppin the cliq
my jacket the new one so I mean I could
tell this video telling my hair and then
I could like make it blue and the
thumbnail and then it's just like blonde
or dark brown and then everyone clicks
on it but then i say it ain't my fault
because I mean I wore the jacket so you
shouldn't know so do you want to say to
me
so we're actually going to be holding
our first official meeting agree it's
gonna be sunday februari 12 at two
o'clock at my mom's new scooters topshop
thing my brother my sister and Quentin
will all be there and we'll be hanging
out for a couple hours and you guys can
actually go get to address and
everything on our website keithbower.com
so go on there so we've actually made
something on our website where you guys
can go print off the sheet to make sure
you can get in we're doing this one
completely free so that the
meet-and-greet tab on our website all
the instructions are there so he has
lived close
come say hi now I'm gonna go get my hair
dyed my rose
ok oh I know what that is
guess what is on to start here for the
xbox about your hand I'm gonna be
playing custom songs rose watch out now
you can go outside yesterday I got five
minutes to be there so I got to go kind
of quick but yesterday I came outside to
leave got my car and then I realized
Rose was over there a neighbor's yard so
I went pitch around for like 15 minutes
finally got ahold of her Victor heavy
but up put around the backyard and I
come get my car get my car was right
here and as I'm getting in my car she
comes running out the side gate the gate
been left open she's probably been
running around for hours and never run
away so i guess he likes us for some
reason tell me my keys in my wallet what
am i doing I'm gonna be late
oh yeah back to being cold here again
which really sucks so maybe it will snow
again before spring that'd be kind of
cool i never got to do travel vs know a
lot of tire pressure on my car and on
the oil change
I'm gonna have to drop it off today the
shot looks like i'll be using my mom's
cause my truck my dad
good moral what have you decided about I
have no idea i don't i kind of want to
go darker just the sounds good you're
the expert here its so-called is the key
to see you guys in a little bit I guys
so we're back on now can you guess what
i decided to go with you guessed it
hi ok so first i went with dark brown
but it didn't let go here's a picture if
I decided to show you guys want anything
yeah but I have to go back in a few
hours after we made a dark brown and
then try to go to this is just really
didn't work and look at the back of it
there's a box you can see where it
didn't really work and I mean I guess
not fill in the back of my head i'll get
it fixed soon okay
I feel like it looking bad bro
yes I tried this piece of crap out
doesn't work will be randomly positive
self i'm at my seven-year-old cells
meant to do your parents like when it
was dark horrible picture might know my
evidence cool
oh so your eyes don't work in school so
my target is messed up i have no energy
because i'm sick and then I get this
was that the back of my hair and
basically spot number yeah there's only
one thing to do when you're sick and
your throat hurts let's go get ice cream
today with join me on this journey
yeah last time a chip no judgment get me
out last night is drive myself to sonic
is mom more than youtuber problems
you're welcome accent thank you my story
now decided to me like posting a picture
of dad on the birthday happy birthday we
don't have been screaming yes he does
guys not literally looks like my truck
up there and I left my dad so I wonder
if he's driving to the end of the path
to find out
accepted basically
so my dad may not have been in my truck
but he wasn't his and he's down my
grandma's house wanna go check on the
little soured right I didn't miss out
with you to provide that tree it's too
chilly
come on get over here i'll give you
twenty dollars in some candy to jump in
that frozen pool
I'm not doing it all look at that it's
still here
look up here you do it
I ran into the furnace what try it know
they were open up you know she's good we
need we need 100-day pregnant row
ok for grandpa's gonna help me get rid
of my sickness to move and I needed that
for the best and i just thought about
SMART Board this is actual natural honey
right there we see no preservatives that
looks brush you have to drink another
this you might be able to do a back book
i'm gonna dream about that maturity in
there you go
I tried to like twice in my life and the
second time in the basket the third
times of children that mr. right there
and the moment of truth telling you as
well it looks pretty good smells like
cinnamon
that's hot good it's not bad i like it
thanks grandfather stephen three guys
later when are we going skiing in March
mark do you know when 24th there's
something 24 it is so we're going to
Colorado with him for my stepmom and my
sister and we will be doing stuff there
hopefully I'm not sick then ready yeah
what's up gay boy Justin I just realized
something
I realized I said get in my video and I
just need approval and it's completely
fine you know how are you brother
okay yeah hi my hair but her dogs jump
out every time she leaves and I strongly
kill him lose times he was talking to my
father in a recent study hall there you
go look he's just dancing around in
front of my freaking car my dog oh I'm
Paris has the world's worst road leading
to her house
it's back here you go bro that's a
good-looking you look like you play i
can walk on the weekend you go did was
get over here on my spot now you're in
my spot you're gonna move and you're
gonna like it
hey there's a jacket makes my hair look
even more orange others like a ginger in
the right light do not watch it I
remember that one video we filmed
whenever I me read your comments a lot
of people were like you guys are
sarcastic and mean to each other at all
this doesn't like why even dating in
that we just thats that's how it goes
hey oh wow you just fix my hair problem
thank you but we don't actually hate
each other right you know who I'd never
be sarcastic with k should be some flip
you do simple it's no be improved since
last time you're going to aid the mac
and the springs you know something
absolutely the st. Paul now you are you
still not now cameras work I'd like an
official date on the series beginning
season 11 happen in our now did you
realize this is teenage dad series we're
going forward as soon as we had 20 it's
over my actually starting to have
because I looked less like I thought I
need that the government will give it a
look better in it
oh yeah by the way I'm not getting my
hair fixed tonight I'm gonna fix friday
or something i didn't want to do it
tonight because i'm still feel really
sick I would have no energy that's why
I'm sitting by this person in my better
and help you have stupid stop everyone
can unsubscribe here out the hungry
you don't know how that works what let's
include look at all forehead pulled back
there you go hi last question what is
your phone
what is this with pockets that you're
getting mine
that's that's final I'll get you Kate
Upton possibly how about that we need to
do something fun that doesn't require
energy and your cock today
yeah listen to get back with them yeah
let's go get out i'm using my last
energy
let's go guys I promise you're going to
open the recipe student probably gonna
do it one big video with my family
without the rocks that's pretty risky
because you are going to get out and now
i'm 16 comments about your ugly shoes i
do a backflip on mountain know about
Rose was right right yeah guys remember
when i was doing triple prophets like
two days ago
yeah it's friggin cold again he called
there have you ever done to my phone at
one time
no I over there let's go look at gross
it is it's fine i kind of what there's
nothing in there besides snake to go
back two up off the ground into it
oh don't have that time to think sure
let's go jump off the trampoline time ru
I know how are you all right ready
marshmallow filling the same after
sitting here for like two months that's
all hand and just fuckin with me on my
gosh why
watch out for the are deceptive one
whenever you're ready let's get this on
video
I have a home video you find out what
young with me I will
321 we're gonna freaking job back
it's drugs in America job is it wet now
helping your poor man i'll try to help
us and getting all night hey dawn isn't
right now they're breasts I'm not giving
you know it's closed and what you want i
sprinkle guys this isn't Paris all the
time
I don't know what is like you throw my
videos am I right mom
alright nevermind it's this one
you're rude I since you can play guitar
hero now with the next thing I teach you
my teacher standing backflip onto this
yes right now crazy everybody like
you're ready let's do this
find that you're not gonna bring it was
blocked it a little I don't think
villains ever getting us back to
actually write 5 i'm gonna break my name
is your art in hands of the slip
daddy this is how you learned a little
girl right here right here you like yeah
yeah usually go for everyone you can I
don't know that drinking you know how it
feels I'll make sure you went back on
that you just actually I'm not here all
be here and i'll throw you over for now
anything you really want me to die let
me show you how to do it
yeah my wife to do it so i don't have to
land it now just lie on your face is
like one of my fight too
you're trying to get that back and then
jumps and i'm going to show you like
today this is scary i'm going to count
out 321 your is shit and then basically
yeah
do it again do I can't believe you
actually tried i Justi Clinton middle
one that's what most people do without
you can actually just ground do one
thing your head on
LOL wat download more you doing it like
that you stand there you're moving 321
just straight-up you almost died i would
let go you land on your head right in
front of being that means your front
foot you do something let's show shows
every child is still Franklin what I
want without the design for more truck
yeah it's actually got mad at jump back
a little bit act like I'm not here about
70k actually you have to do it all on
your own
okay haha 32
oh my god you're literally just standing
here and this is doing it squat down a
little bit and then throw your arms
you're going like this only for you this
is what you look like now it's still
that you're going to be able to do it on
your own if you listen to one
better you like landing by your feet now
I think that's already to do you're
gonna need something lower than that
everyone landed
it's not gonna happen today haven't had
that you're having oh yeah okay guys
well what do you say just kidding if you
watch the reading comments video shoot
two dozen but yeah guys that is
basically with this video if you guys
didn't definitely go check out the
website like i said if you live near the
meeting three and yeah i'm gonna try to
get some sleep and maybe being sick
that'd be nice you get sick she didn't
think you liked it anyway my fault
thank you guys so much for watching this
video we're going to put the outers like
before thousands like two minutes for me
to that i'm going to thank you so much
for watching this video don't forget to
Like insurance you enjoyed subscribe to
new and i'll see you guys in the next
one peace out my hands on you I can do
you think
you came in like that you just may be
far
