what is going on guys today we are back
it's ten o'clock and I haven't even
gotten out of bed to edit my video yet
you guys can't tell my voice is
definitely messed up and I'm more sick
than yesterday not really surprised I
don't know what I'm going to film the
day one of them something just because
I'm like school I actually still want to
work I guess and make videos for you
guys you want sick if I'm really really
sick that I want but yeah if I had like
this slightest stomach ache in school
I'd be like mom I want to go home
but yeah ignore the sniffles I'm going
to try to edit most of them out ignore
my voice unless you find this sexy it
was kidding but yeah try to ignore my
voice I'm going to get up and in my
video take a shower and then we'll find
something to do today I don't know what
that's going to be but yeah okay
so I've decided that I'm going to be
doing a video sitting down today I'm
gonna have to do a sniffle montage by
the time I'm done but yeah I've had this
video idea for a little while now I know
some of the youtubers have done this
where you search out parents reacting to
your videos and then you see what they
think of them I've seen one of these
videos before I'm guessing it's going to
be parents reacting to like my flipping
videos and usually as I think it's
pretty crazy so I mean some some stupid
I hate this cold for much yes I'm still
wearing my pajamas let me alone so we
will do that for today's video and I
really wanted to change the lighting to
like different colors but the app that I
use to control the color the life to
stop working like my group of life is
just gone so I can't change them I can
still turn them on but I mean unless I
figure it out soon we might be stuck
with these for a while it's fine I guess
mom reacts to Tanner
brogard I'm just curious to see how
people pronounce my name Wow okay I'm
actually very surprised he's actually a
pretty good views yeah and the thumbnail
of this video I'm obviously doing a
flood I kind of figured but best part
about this is I can't get copyright
claims because it's my own video so
let's watch George into the video as one
mom I just wanna let you guys know that
I've been saving up a blogging camera
also guys excuse the ghetto selves of my
window right now there's some issues
right there okay real quick I want to
address this is not for what you think
it is okay I have an actual cold slim me
alone anyways now I'm going to be
reacting to tena Braungart you guys
don't know what that is yeah you should
blogger two million subscribers
yeah he's long stop doing pretty big
deal and like lots of other cool clips
and things like that I don't know I
found a channel three weeks ago and I've
watched like all these videos like yeah
I want every
Thank You Man and they're just so
entertaining to me I don't know
oh yeah look I'm glad to hear it so I
really hope I can meet him before I die
or else I'm just gonna have to kill
myself but if I die what same drama tend
to do a flip on the river this is gonna
go really badly for you I really hope
that look cool anyone that I'm talking
and doing the videos my mom and yeah be
nice to her
so hopefully Tanner Patil's video I
really don't think he will see the video
but my hair bro enjoy the video
all right so I'm here with my mom my mom
I let subtly yeah and or a nephew to
attend wrong that's him right there okay
I tell you is gonna be very cringing
looking oh my god no way
look II find it interesting
I know I mean I guess it's kind of a
normal reaction to find that crazy but
look at all the pads we had like it
wasn't that dangerous and it was a
trampoline and it was only like 20 25
feet so I mean this isn't that bad
compared to some of the other stuff I've
done kids aren't just that cool I was
waiting for the right moment use these
and that was not it I you like my
backflip he should not be a very her was
pretty good thank you I didn't even land
it but genetically didn't know domestics
didn't work hi before we watch that one
at least the moms like actually reacting
because there's a lot of moms that would
not say anything they'd sit there and
watch but it seems like she's actually
comfortable in front of the camera so
it's pretty good triceps hopefully
what's up it takes out of it with it did
it still she tested it to see it's like
every mom ever all they care about some
beef it is she's gonna love this solo oh
my gosh a slow flip down to do the
one-and-a-half she finds that funny
something that's actually bad alright
no one got this video alright good ten
please do other people the video book
this is like convergence here again like
jackass did a little bit more than wrote
sweet hungry see he doesn't agree maybe
he read that was so scary I remember
that like I was so scared that guy was
crazy he's like 40 year old midget yeah
thank you to this video game loiter Oh
see you Michigan hiya
and he really should have some sides on
this yes because he could break it back
why would a net matter if I don't know
my head almost got hurt again
my yeah but look then I come back and
land it yeah we're traveling why can't
we get one straighter look at me I'm fun
it never gotten primarily hurt efficient
from technical content is not I told her
were there yes is the face to good bite
you too so when was your videos on tear
rubber well it looks like he's having a
lot of fun that's true well nervous for
safety but I'm fine I'm sure that you
thinking all of this stuff through I
trampled tramp course that's quickly she
knew it she knows clickbait we were on
the spot traveling feel like I'm in any
compound that's it for mom and son time
until next time see you later alright
that mom needs her own YouTube channel
ok this is the next one I have a knife
in my hand something else Oh show
loggers before the video starts you guys
all please subscribe to me if you
haven't already and while you're at it
turn off post notifications turn on my
post notifications thank you we just
kind of had to get the page so we can
get more views on YouTube video where is
my mom oh wow well how cheesy to the
nappy
Oh what is happening
oh there wasn't same one I don't like
them ah this one's a lot more quiet look
how cool that is
you better never do that ja nein
yo halt his mom's group right there kind
of mom yeah my mom definitely gets
judged the most out of anyone
this was never like the injured since
being inches what communion with me
I can't even let me tonight Oh Tony hurt
your ankle yeah she's actually right now
not hurt my feet slide so hard Emma hi
hi I'm laughs I mean I'm not like cool
oh it's gonna pop I got a nice mom like
this like this is Angie another mom
Thank You bud I'm gonna food because she
does not taste alligators what if
there's alligators in Kansas Lakes
that'd be good could be oh why do you
have that boat yeah if you slip you fall
you'll see a call in a minute
yeah that was so fun ha Wow a gymnast
everyone thinks I'm a gymnast thank you
oh boy I heard it I heard that after
Washington video what do you think of
this him for just like his YouTube
channel I think that he found it really
well oh well thank you that is like what
do you mean in this danger so what would
you rate it from a 1 to 10 as far as
what sexiness what energy should be in
this video um another launch subscribe
to really be careful and no more bats
locks I don't try to do the back plops
alright so the recap on this I think the
parents just don't like the fact that
their kids get inspired by it because
they don't want them to go out and get
hurt which is like understandable but if
you think about it like football or
hockey or whatever either sport
is is probably just as dangerous you
train yourself to like know what you're
doing obviously I wouldn't give jump off
the bridge if I did not align right
alright nevermind I kind of knew what I
was doing but yeah I just found those
things more fun than normal sports so
that's why I did them and if you find
that stuff fun go out and try it just
like you know progressed your way up
because there's plenty of things I've
tried without knowing how to do them and
messed up and that's why they went wrong
I'm not responsible to get hurt but I
love doing stuff like that next crazy
video is probably going to be insane
roof jumping 3 off my roof on the bean
bag instead of the trampoline I'm really
scared but it might happen well by the
way the surgery that I'm supposed to
have next Thursday just got pushed back
sometime in March because they have to
give me like four to six weeks for my
cold to go away or something like that
or whatever I can wait but yeah thank
you guys so much for watching this video
I hope you guys enjoyed it don't get Li
like intensifies to enjoyed subscribe to
now and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace out it ain't my fault I have
the sniffles the whole video
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
