what is going on guys today we are back
in it is 70 degrees out at the end of
January so it's really nice outside
what's up rose she's still been limping
a little bit and I don't get it
sometimes she went sometimes she doesn't
she'll be jumping around and then she'll
be barely walking I don't know I guess
we're going to take her to the vet soon
just to just to make sure but she seems
happy so that's good
still wearing the pajamas I don't even
care but yeah woke up this morning I
don't know if you guys can tell it's
gotten a little bit better but woke up
with a sore throat this is the second
morning it's happened now it was just
like a lot worse this morning I haven't
been sick as in like having a cold or a
sore throat and like a runny nose and
stuff in a really long time and I don't
even know where I got it from or what
happened but definitely feeling it and
it's just annoying he doesn't hurt that
bad haven't been on this trampoline in a
few weeks or any trampoline really I
guess that little one
but I don't know if you guys can tell
but we cleaned up our backyard a little
bit there's left marshmallow trash we
put a lot of the foam block back in the
foam pit gets rose drag some of them out
again our coca-cola pool is not really a
coca-cola pool anymore if you've never
watched one of my videos that might
sound weird but yeah it's a nice day oh
I about won the cocoa pool so I might
send some of it outside because why not
another thing is I have surgery in two
days now February first I said this in
another video but I've actually had this
same surgery before I was like 10 or 11
years old I was in fifth grade and
they're just doing it again to make sure
nothing's like come back I remember last
time they cut a little bit of skin out
of my stomach to let you test on it and
I don't know what they're going to do
this time really so I'm going to be put
on amnesia I'm going to be put under you
know I'm going to be on the loopy stuff
so I guess I'm gonna have my mom record
that and I'll try to put that in the
video hopefully I don't say anything too
stupid and I'm not really nervous about
getting the surgery this is the part
that really sucks is I can't eat for
like a day and a half before I can only
drink well I guess I can have popsicles
and jello and that's it and then water
so that's not really fun but all part of
life I guess we all have our ups and
downs but I just want to find out what's
wrong with my side and the specialist we
just once you said it could be stress
making and playing and stuff so they
have medicine for it but they have to
test me to make sure it's not anything
too bad and also where I'm getting the
procedure done is three hours away this
time last time it was 30 minutes so
that's going to be a long boring drive
as I'm really hungry but yeah it's so
weird because some days like today I'm
completely fine besides my cold but then
other days I can't move because I'm in
so much pain like none
I knew this but whenever we were filming
the video with that trampoline and the
thousand-degree ball we said we were
going to take you quick breaking that
video but that break was for hours
because I couldn't film because I was in
so much pain and it was just annoying
and right now all I have is pain
medicine and no answers and it's been
going on for a long time so hopefully we
get that fake but enough ranting okay I
just hope it all goes over well I just
can't wait for the end of February where
we all moving in the new house and
everything and hopefully things just
start to go better even though I mean
I'm fine like nothing's that bad in my
life but still I just want everything to
come together and I hope that it does so
yeah I don't know what the rest of IDEO
is going to be about we're going to find
something to do I was kind of wanting to
film something out here just because
it's so nice out okay I decided I'm
going to do a few tricks because ever
since I stopped doing flips as much I
literally have no other form of exercise
really and I'm going to stay in shape
hopefully this trampoline doesn't break
I don't want to land with my heel in the
hole and then it breaks oh my god this
baby's coming right to the big
trampoline let's go for five oh I could
have landed it oh I've not done anything
in so long my body is not used to it
neither is my chin out my channel hairs
are going to be going like legit I think
they're going what do they look like oh
well I'm scared to double backflip after
last time
I need some padding real quick for this
one a ton like this I really wish I
still had my foam pads I wish I hadn't
destroyed them we're going to have to
improvise so I got some cushions off of
the couch I'm gonna get a blanket so
hopefully they don't pop off and I know
we have a clickbait blanket but I don't
know where it is that was a tongue
twister trying to say clickbait blanket
it's hard where did it go come on where
is it I want to be sad if I can't find
it I found it it was in my brother's
room and I would use Dylan's big beanbag
over there but I feel like it's too
heavy and it would just way down the
trampoline and I really don't want to
die have it done this trick and forever
probably I think the last time I did it
on a trampoline was October let's see if
I still got I'm actually very scared
right now Rose I need inspiration oh
yeah by the way the pancake magically
rubbed off somehow it's gone so that's
good I've got six percent of my phone
let's make it count I don't know what's
going to listen to that's my warmup I
don't think I'm using the shirt
sometimes I wish I had a foam pit that
wasn't a rock just to be safe yeah I did
that was scary you still got it barely
made it I don't even care one more just
to make sure oh yeah
that last one felt amazing I was fun
honestly this weather would be fine for
the pool if it didn't have any fries in
it like I would love to jump off this
into the pool that'd be so fun right now
but the weather here is literally up and
down it's freezing a few weeks ago now
it's great outside I'm never it's great
we can actually have some fun there's
going to be a lot of fun crazy stuff in
the new house as well if you guys
thought this backyard was cool you wait
and see this new one holy Frick it's
great well guys that has been the
trampoline session of the day I didn't
do very many tricks but I'll do some
more next month also if you guys haven't
seen yesterday's video Harrison I read
her Instagram comments together and I
just thought it was a really funny video
and I had a lot of fun filming it so if
you guys haven't seen that go check it
out don't be disappointed I promise I
need to make Roseann Instagram account
so that I can read her comments someday
I have the username Rose brownie are
reserved and I was going to let my
sister run the account but you didn't
want to I don't really have enough time
it'd be like once a month I don't know
maybe it'll happen okay well change of
plans actually my mom just called me and
the doctor said that I can't get the
procedure done if I have any kind of
cold or congestion which I definitely do
if you guys see my nozzles right now
they're freaking red yeah I have a ton
of mucus from everything so I guess
they're scheduled for next Thursday and
I just gone to Taco Bell and gotten this
big meal because I wasn't going to be
able to eat for a day and a half so I
went and got five tacos I guess I can do
it again later hey Tristan how you doing
yes can I have some you're talking every
time I record I don't sneeze I sneeze
like 50 times a day so I thought I was
going to but I guess not
I told you now and since I just used all
my energy on the trampoline I'm going to
go ahead and take a quick nap I hate
being sick as I would get tired super
easily and my mom's bed has even more
pillows than mine so I'm taking my nap
here I'll see you guys in a little bit
all right nap time is over but I'm going
to go ahead and in the video here
because I still have no energy at all
even after taking a nap and there's
really nothing to go do
it's 7:30 so it's already pitch-black
outside and I think I'm just going to
take some medicine and then go to sleep
my mom's bed with all of her pillows I
had plans for the end of the vlog but
they didn't really work out so I'm sorry
if this was a bit of a shorter vlog I
still hope you guys enjoyed it and thank
you guys so much watching this video
don't forget to leave like in terms of
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to knew
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
