are you recording what's up you were
recording which is not cameras work yet
only I fix my hair real quick
I look horrible screw it whatever I just
messed up my hair again I swear oh my
god I need my phone to read the comment
cuz I get you anyone to know I won't be
on it what is going on guys today we are
back today we are going to be reading my
girlfriend's comments that I've done
this for my brother and my sister I've
read my own as well so maybe I'll do
Quentin's next probably that'll be
reading my boyfriend's comments so I
spent like 30 minutes this morning
screenshotting some comments on her
Instagram page and we're going to take
turns reading them off and I do I'm
sorry because you're in public school
you can read faster not all these are
means some of them are just weird and
stuff and whenever I first put her on my
snapchat like people already found like
your Instagram page before I said
anything so there's some there's some
weird ones out there you can do this
first one it's in the middle you do it
you know I'll do the first one I perish
what why don't you smile in any of your
photos yes the cut
I'll bleep it out okay okay good again
just answer I like science why not you
just smile right there she said she'll
smile more when she gets her braces off
right wait I read that one so it's your
turn
drop tanner for a real man okay I would
understand if you dropped me for a real
man did I go I should've gone to his
page I experienced out of these girls I
would have gone to his page guys like
making fun of people but I think I got
two likes on this comb after that so
that's pretty messed up oh by the way
this is going to be half reading mean
comments and then half a QA I'm going to
tweet out and we're gonna answer your
questions because like I said in my last
video I'm going to be trying to make my
videos a little bit longer and I haven't
done the weekly Q&A yet so I won't be on
my phone I'll be on the phone I'm not on
it why are you rubbing your phone
because I feel like it Tanner found the
prettiest resting face
my really rude that was on this picture
right here I think I did why is there
dog hair over me I swear I haven't ever
even frickin worn this and there's roses
heroin have a dog okay well I have any
Mormon look at that this does not mean
but there's a story behind it which one
this one which one this one that one
does you and Tanner should go on a date
remember when we had
hey-ya went to IHOP and it was actually
the worst experience I've ever had I'll
give you the gist of it basically
there's three kids that came up to us
they're like older kids so they know
they're being annoying and they just
wouldn't leave and they kept asking
questions and then eventually like any
kids have been following me around and
one of them had a youtube channel and he
was obviously just trying to get like a
reaction at me and stuff it's pretty
dumb so we left and it was the IHOP so
kind of ruin my love for IHOP for about
few days I'm back on it having on I hop
since I got back actually because
they're remodeling I'm never going with
you again because you caused all kinds
of trouble gold digger
lol so there Dino's guys I said this in
a previous video she only likes me for
them Lamborghini is read it they're not
very dogs actually is the first time I
ever hung out with her I said what hang
out she goes yeah I'll come play with
your dog like she actually liked my dog
more than me still do this girl said we
have the same name what up and then
she's kind of hot actually I only like
you for your name though so I mean might
as well just go ahead and do that cool
with you
mm-hmm I feel so bad for you it's all
those comments about Tanner I first of
all can use not cuss my channel how do
you feel I mean all your comments about
me okay Ryan there you have it folks
savage here I read to you can meet you
Tanner is my dad you can't have him send
you I know your dad I don't want to be
can we start the series already did you
kiss him off cam remember that one time
I was doing a Q&A and I had you and then
we actually were kissing but I kissed
Clinton no we didn't actually kiss
that's actually kind of gross everyone
wants us to kiss so I guess we did we're
just going to do it prove prove to
everyone that we actually like each
other you ready mm-hmm
watch and learn boys stop laughing again
okay
okay moving on to the next picture our
next one is this what do you think your
comments you to be about my lips there's
a lot of them they're kind of funny too
someone said I can now see why Tanner
fell in your arms right ready
here you can read this chill with your
freaking lips
you forgot lmg oh yeah how do i word
this
what is wrong with your list there's a
way funnier one you'll hear it how this
kid is actually pretty funny guy okay
does this face better oh by the way guys
while I was in LA I went to a meeting
and I timed with the talent agency and
the talent agency I signed with
represents Kate Upton how does it your
turn
yes no I just said mine I'd smash her
heart I mean like who would I wouldn't
hey she just wanted Fame now she is done
you guys know why I like hate so much
she's already famous like she isn't
using me like she is so I'm using her
I'm not using Kay I'm gonna come up I'm
girl and faster the cake I get more life
than K on Instagram with a fourth of her
followers she doesn't even care about
that she just actually just loves those
Lamborghinis back there hey dog
she actually kidnapped Rose once yeah
did I say that in a video I didn't say
with you but I said someone kidnet Rose
it was you ran yeah okay so what how did
I even have my I forgot whole story it
was me and Dylan left him and she was at
my house right her and her friend took
my dog put her in her car and left in
res peed on me guys when you're walking
home from school your bottom lip makes
it home two minutes before you do walk
home can I give you that necklace yes I
give you that next question now I have
already said this like three times
Lamborghini shouldn't care about
necklaces you suck no she really does
not even try on you in a rebalance I
love you for that one in the video yeah
read it I might put in damn baby I see
why Tanner slips in here yeah like I
said earlier I would never do that
Q&A time yeah do you pause this or what
pause it can you now but I can't edit
out anything ever saying I know I'm
gonna go tweet out right now
ask us questions hashtag terrace or
hashtag terrorists they sound the same
how did you meet I tried to answer this
in Q&A that I'm really bad at it you
came over in like eighth grade one time
and like swim remember that you're not
well you came with your sister you swim
remember oh yeah
then she started using me for my dog and
it kind of happened how many kids you
want if you want any she wants one and
as you
now and I mean here have you want to be
a part of the series no SK captain aria
is like I'm feeling married though have
you kissed yet no literally everyone
saying how'd y'all meet where'd y'all
meet and everyone's using y'all just
because I live in Kansas doesn't mean I
use y'all how old is Paris no 15 is 15
I'm 16 so it's not that weird she's like
the oldest person in her grade and I'm
like the youngest in mine even though I
didn't go to public school what's your
next car this has nothing to do with us
but hopefully an Audi r8 Tanner or rose
red the doors right over there ya know
we now often this is Q today by myself
you're gonna keep up the sass was it
better to kiss Clinton or Paris I mean
Quentin was just more into it honestly
like from the beginning
all right roll the clip slow motion zoom
in on Quentin say from we kids he just
looks like he was in love with that are
we having a life of teen is dead right
now just be honest with them yeah
whatever you just said yeah I'm gonna
put that there so they smell what you
said it's gonna be funny do you have any
nicknames yeah um have you met each
other's families
no yes okay what is the name of your
teenage dance series going to be
I've already said this it's going to be
a day in the life of a teenage dad it's
going to be a daily series of what it's
like get rid of Paris or Rose I'd get
rid of Paris yeah how that feel Hank
your entertainer it's not up to you okay
feeling they asked me will you teach her
guitar hero what's good I know let's go
painting Syrian yes all right here take
it are you left or right-handed right
right okay yeah just wrap that's for
safety there you go God it was like
Rockstar already hit the dab for us
right now hardest part about Guitar Hero
is waiting for the logo they take
forever are you ready for this yeah I
bet it's going to be harder for you to
learn a video game than to do a backflip
something integrated off the floor you
can't really sitting on floor go down
expert what are you doing hi so when the
notes come get the buttons like put your
finger on the button hold it down and
then as it comes across keep holding
this down and then strum with down here
strum down okay how do you sterling in
put this on here look it's going to
comment two mile an hour
hold down the green what are you doing
hold Olli gray and strum hold up there
you go you hit one
right now red what are you doing y'all
hit it yellow there you go oh my god
look you're already in the red you're
gonna fail yellow red green what are you
doing I'll show them you do the note you
can't hit the notes I'm doing my part
we failed all because of you know what I
thought we were going to do it continue
the Q&A will you ever do a fan mail open
them together it's up to you and shit
she said now yes we will just Paris
thank your tractor sexy
I don't have a truck is Paris jealous of
Quinton mm-hmm
yes you are no I guarantee you are are
you jealous
yeah jealous which is Paris more
threatened by Quentin or cake I'm a-okay
okay can you whistle whistle well I just
whistle just try it you whistle
now you whistle thank you God whistle I
know you guys I know you can whistle go
it sounds like a dog dog what's the
biggest thing you like about Paris I
like your yeah your bottom lip that gets
home two minutes before she chooses
Paris drink bleach mm-hmm you wanna try
some actually don't have any on me oh
yeah there's some up there like oh good
is actually really you know I'm not
putting them on now just do it it's
further video just open up open up I
like it okay listening here just get a
thumbnail view drinking it I shouldn't
want to try it whatever
what's something in knowing that the
other does take off all the time
literally and sometimes she'll pick up
one time and that's it how do i annoy
you
I want to hear it tell me straight my
face my bony shoulders annoy you is that
it and I mean I like feeling I can't
help it cash me outside how about that
how about you never say that again Paris
are you happy that tanner does YouTube I
don't care she doesn't care about
anything by any spells line because it's
good at are we done
yeah all right you do the after I'm
goldfish now just do it I'm gonna ask
you watch my videos George is everyone's
basement let's do it you're always
prettier here and you say why can't you
just do it no ride my Lamborghini if you
look like I don't want to write I want
BIOS Rose if you don't do it thank you
guys thank you guys should say yes
how are you saying I'm out it thank you
guys so much for watching this video
don't schedule evil I can share as a
friends if you enjoyed or even mouthing
it okay thank you guys so much for
watching this video
it has great enthusiasm again don't you
leave like in charge of friends be
enjoyed sis subscribe if you're new
subscribe yeah if you're new alright
what happened to the enthusiasm you did
that and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out if you go peace out and they
have to go to ain't my father anyone out
it ain't nice at all
okay bye you came in looking like that
you just maybe
