see your TV show says it don't rain
it was
since I was
what is going on guys today was like
what is going on guys today we were back
in today I hope you guys are all having
a great day it is noon o'clock and I
woke up and I was like hey I want to go
on a ride so I was going on my ride and
then my mom called me and she's like
will you get your sister from school
today and I was like hey that'd be
pretty cool for the vlog might as well
take the RA pick her up in that it's
gonna be awkward yeah other youtubers
will take their car to their old high
school to pick someone up or just drive
by and there's like kids surrounding
their car and it's all crazy I've driven
by my high school before and I fully
know what to expect but we'll do it
anyway because the last time I brought
it there I got a bunch of views and you
guys liked it so but right now I'm gonna
go to my grandma's house while I wait
for Taylor to get out of school cuz I
have nowhere else to be and I just want
to drive around and guys my car is
actually a spaceship now just listen
Update has been about a month and I am
still scarred by this road every time I
Drive down I just see the human fly off
the hood which blues used to I want
grandpa this isn't even the blue juice
we're out of the actual blue juice yeah
the gallon sorry you're working on your
tracker what's going on our battery dead
and we're gonna go play some wood I look
like you're ready I'm ready I didn't
wear pink rock I'm ready for anything so
grandpa's going to drive his truck up
there I'm gonna got the four-wheeler
we'll go chop some wood up he doesn't
have work for 11 days so we can party
will she start yeah I gotta tow this
thing behind me I've never done that
that means I can't drift I'm gonna have
to be careful when I was bored sitting
at home so I came over
we're not using this thing today are we
we're gonna cheat okay we got to get the
right side okay
hello and welcome back to the hydraulic
press channel where we're going to be
good with this thingy subscribe for more
and you see these are too long to go on
the press and they won't fit inside of
the fireplace so we've got to cut off
the end with a chainsaw I've never used
a chainsaw I've just seen him in like
murder movies so it's my first time
and check it out we're adding to the
pile I think this time I actually
contributed man you make me want a
little dog sometimes whoa no way holy
crab look what you can do now she just
jumped up there all by herself
grandma's got some presents under the
tree I'm gonna do what I did back in the
day and find the one with my name on it
I'm about to shake it and find out what
we got - tanner all right pretty heavy I
really don't know what to expect
hop on ready there's one and two and
three good night uh wish me luck oh yeah
good luck Thanks
alright here we are at the high school
it's so weird that my sister goes to
school here now because she used to do
online and now she's walking out of the
building I used to damnit shoulda
brought the GoPro for the windows so we
could get reactions like this
I'm picking up Tyler for the blog was it
awkward for you to oh lucky yeah Taylor
got out of three today with everybody
else
good night I wish Quentin could be in
the passenger seat so we could we could
both roll up together sadly there's only
two seats and I got to get tailored Wow
hey where are you oh I see you people
are doing burnouts because I'm here I
get it all right so here's the moment
you guys have all been waiting for I was
literally just minding my own business
picking up my sister and then you can
see this guy run up to my car your minds
gonna blow up from stupidity let's just
watch what are you doing
hey stop it stop here's what a lousy
looks like some nail we got vandalized
out here yo now I have a reason to wash
my car but here's a life lesson okay you
could be mad about what people have
because they got it without you like
everybody this school is gonna be salty
about because I used to get bullied and
now look at me like I'm balling like a
sphere that's straight out of logic bro
ki all but yeah I knew this was either
gonna go one way or another people gonna
be nice gonna be like nice car
congratulations or people are gonna be
like this kid somebody wrote on my car
this isn't cool yeah they're there Hey
she's in the tank land as long as you're
not an asshole you're cool in my book
let's go I
let's go thanks bro yeah we'll see you
later here's the part of the video where
I decide if I want to have the kid that
wrote on my car clean it off I'm fit I
think I'm gonna do it we'll go find out
where he lives and we'll have them wash
my freaking car and lick it clean
because you're up let's do it so we got
some blue right there obviously that
stuff on the front I don't know what
that is and then there's this little guy
back here I think it's the size of the
kid that drew it if we can't get him to
come outside of his house and clean it
up then we're just gonna call the cops
will just have to see what happens and I
will see you guys at Quentin's let's go
hopefully I'm cooled down by then bye is
it about the penises on my car okay so
apart in quitting's garage she's almost
back home here to go get his brother
from somewhere else I don't know but
look clays here which one do you think's
worse that she's for sale if you want
it's Bella
Quentin's dog I'm gonna try not to be an
asshole I'm gonna give him a chance to
just clean it and be fine and then move
on but if he doesn't want to then I
don't know he's going to all right we
think we made it let's go let's go ring
a doorbell
okay now leaving this house because he's
at a friend's house we have his address
as well since he's with his friends yeah
if we find anybody it's completely legal
he's not 18 I'm not 18 pays to be a
young bastard ring ding ding dong yo he
says he's here I went to his house down
bo I just heard there's house I know
he's here bro his mom told me he's here
I need him to clean my car he wrote on
it with chalk and if he doesn't come out
and clean it right now we're gonna call
the cops for vandalism he's gonna come
clean it so if you want to come out
that's cool in five minutes we're gonna
call the cops all right my first time
calling the cops let's go can leave as
well I mean I don't know if you want you
to leave but I definitely let you leave
bro it's okay because you're on camera
right now what's it like to be jealous
it's not really an emergency my car just
got vandalized a little bit with some
chalk but I want the kid to clean it up
I have him here and he's not willingly
doing it it's an Audi r8 2014 rose gold
thank you no way the cops already here
what the hell turns out that's not the
cop we needed he's here for another call
so we're waiting let's go sit in my car
cuz it's cold so usually in these
situations
I am the speaker of the peace that's how
you so
when Tanner was on the phone I was
talking to which is the retard that drew
on the car I was like you do know it
wouldn't be a big deal if you would have
just cleaned it he's like bro and I was
like okay well why would you do it
you're not even friends you know how
retarded yeah I've never seen someone
hold their attitude like that so long
what the hell I thought for sure if I
would have shown up filming he would
have just cleaned it or would have been
like apologizing that so people in this
town are oh you're successful exactly
Robin saying that since day one on this
YouTube channel people here hate me
they're dicks
literally I understand it's chalk it
comes off but that's not the point the
point is I worked hard for my stuff and
I'm not gonna clean it up myself
ten or fifteen minutes later cop is here
oh I just pulled a practical joke it's
talking to the cop right now and trying
to say that I've been rude to him in the
past I haven't talked to this kid in two
years I didn't even know that his last
name and I had to find it out through
five people and he's trying to say that
I've been rude to him and the cops just
saying to come over here so things don't
get heated bro I just hate liars and I
hate people that don't treat other
people's stuff with respect I just don't
understand that never understood it and
we're just gonna wait all I know is I
he's cleaning off my car before I leave
and it's gonna be funny all right so we
got it worked out I stopped recording in
the cop said hey he's gonna clean your
stuff but you're not allowed to record
it that's his one request I was like
whatever I'm not gonna argue with you
guys anymore
hurry up clean my car so he cleaned it
of course I got a picture of it here's
the proof q and then here's what just
happened oh you're so sweet yeah when he
was talking to the cop he's trying to be
such a polite young man I know right
soon as the parents leave yeah and then
he's like talk to you and we got to show
you guys one more thing from Quentin's
brother's phone real quick here's
Quinton's basically identical twin so
it's me driving by in my RA and some guy
flipped me off he's from this town as
well I can't really recall anything I've
ever done to anybody here such a big
part of me wants to move away but for
now we're just gonna sit in Kansas with
her dog she's the cutest one come here
right here she's actually smart unlike
our other dogs oh yeah the reason our
dogs are retarded is because they're 1/4
Weimaraner and they're known for being
retard it's pretty clean good job
Paul okay guys we are back home I'm calm
down triggered Tanner's gone he'll be
back someday for sure we got dinner
cooking again pilo easy what the hell's
up all right let me see this room of
yours Oh about apparently he cleaned it
and he set up the light that I got him
so I sit over like before dirty nasty
all right let's check it out it's off oh
you can do it from your phone yeah yeah
I didn't know the lights I bought for
him were pretty expensive there bro I
gave him the triangle lights you know
yeah I didn't know how expensive they
were I wouldn't have got him for him I
didn't look at the price I was just like
yeah we got to get this video done oh
that looks so sick makeups all
good night I'm gonna do a review that's
why this is an all-out radical radical
radical another reason I'm in a good
mood now is because dips clothing right
we were in a hundred locations total
guess what just happened guys Lhasa did
an order of dibs clothing of twenty
three thousand units hats men's women's
going to every single buckle store in
the United States let's go on your dibs
would be the next big thing and it
already is on its way because it's just
about being different it's the coolest
clothing brand ever here's some freaking
pictures low let's go you could be as
dumb as Luna and be cool with dibs
clothing on that here's orders going out
to all the buckle stores across the
United States in mid-january so be on
the lookout of course I'm gonna keep you
guys up to date on it that is just
insane amazing it's a good day except
for all that other Bulls yeah yeah you
filled me in on all of it so you don't
want to the behind the scenes of the
YouTube we're not focusing on the
negatives here you are now in the vlog
hello hello hello guys this beautiful
woman is going to get surgery tomorrow
on her lip she had a cleft lip and she's
killing it she's gonna go be a savage
tomorrow she's gonna go get surgery and
she's gonna come out with Beast I wanted
to put her in the vlog cuz I ran into
her sister today here's a clip bye
is it about the penises on my car yeah
that was her it was nice to meet you
guys I'm gonna keep everything we'll see
you later
all right but yeah guys you got dark so
I'm gonna go ahead and go to bed and and
the vlog here and hope you guys enjoyed
it they get so much for watching and
after you're like sure if you enjoyed
subscribe you knew and I'll see you guys
next one
