what is going on guys today we are back
and still have not even started cleaning
that up he was clean for a day so that's
good
it's roses fun part yeah Rose kind of
tore up a lot of stuff none of the
packages okay we don't abuse fan mail
here all we do is stab them that's not
bad
dude I can never get these freaking
shoes on I've worn the same pants for
about four days in a row now it's a
seven but we're about to go get Dylan
and then we're actually gonna go to the
new house and I can't show you guys any
of the new house this is the last time
we're going into the new house before we
move in and this is my first time
driving in like a week and a half
because I can never drive the rental car
when we go to California nice tattoo
though there's our I know I put a
picture on Instagram and people saw that
in them like well I can't really detect
you in his name like that's from decima
over dude
what is that got no Becca what is that
good what is it look don't do it back
fold down the stairs come on yeah hey
that's on my butt come on good oh yeah
guys they're still family Rand I open
this a while ago and I'm gonna open it
again thank you oh I forgot I had all
day okay
we're good to go to the new house let's
do this alright we're here at the house
but I can't show you guys still which
really sucks I know I'm sorry
but they get a look at it so we'll get
their reaction we'll get their thoughts
after after we go to my house I can't
wait to live in it alright did you guys
hate it as much as me you know I
actually was very disappointed you know
what I think what when we move in you
guys have a map so I got lost so I can't
tell you an exact date when we move in
because apparently that's dangerous or
something but but it's gonna be soon oh
yeah let me tell you guys what we picked
up on everybody here is either a surgeon
or accountant so go surgeon surgeon
surgeon youtuber accounting another
important person yep basically hopefully
the neighbors don't get annoyed when we
fill our backyard with trampolines and
yeah
hurry up and get out hi guys I'm leaving
so I was in this video so go check out
my by Queen go slay today how many more
months till you get it off uh April two
and a half months and then you'll be
walking handsome what do you want to do
I want to slay the day actually my
camera's Michael and I need go get
excited to finish my blog link in the
description all right we're gonna go
home guys coming down below what we
should do today so Rose has been limping
a lot lately for some reason we thought
something was wrong with her but she'll
start running and then she'll limp a
little bit whenever we like see her
outside or something then she'll come in
and start running around she doesn't
wonder why cuz I make her happy
oh you're like a youtube that's child
abuse Quentin Quentin I made us lunch
Paul I just realized you could probably
jump up here I must beat that over there
guys I just found this in fan mail I
didn't even see this someone sent me the
deal with it glasses guys check it out
first day back we already getting 100%
on expert no big deal but I mean it is a
pretty big deal I'm gonna leave those
right there for a future stuff you know
now that we're back in Kansas we realize
there's nothing to do what if we get to
the new house and we just sit here like
this we will it'll be in a bigger space
alright so quit and just left for a
little bit he's gonna go work out he'll
be back soon but real quick I wanted to
talk a little bit about YouTube like
just some things that I've been thinking
about lately so if you guys watch my
videos regularly you know that I
normally do not put in a bunch of random
stuff in my videos it's usually to the
point and I only put in the stuff that's
like entertaining to me at least and
I've always done that and I feel like
you know that's a big part of why I have
such an active fanbase and I have such a
great fan base is because I don't
typically drag out my videos but if you
guys spend a lot of time on YouTube you
guys know the videos that are like 15 to
20 minutes long always do better than
the shorter ones that are 7 to 10
minutes because YouTube's always trying
different stuff like promoting videos
with lies bla bla bla so they're
obviously promoting videos that are
longer and I want to know what you guys
think because I could make probably a
little bit longer videos it's so hard
when I'm editing to leave in stuff that
I don't want to leave in just to get
more watch time because I know the video
will do
and I'm thinking to try to shoot for
like 11 or 12 minutes at least maybe you
guys do like the longer videos where you
get to see more I don't really know if I
was to make them any longer it would
take like a long time to edit if I was
to continue editing them like I do so I
mean I could leave in just a little bit
more and have about the same editing but
I want to know what you guys think about
a little bit longer videos so I mean I
don't know I could make my videos a
little bit longer but I want to know
what you guys think I'm gonna try to
make this video a little bit longer than
usual and I want to know what you guys
think if it's like too drugged out or if
you like it still to leave the comment
after you watch the video and let me
know I'll be reading all the comments so
definitely leave a comment let me know
whenever quotin gets back I think we're
gonna do a thousand degree ball like
I've seen a few science channels do it
where they heat up the metal ball and
then drop it on stuff we did it for
Quentin's channel when we were really
bored but I still have that metal ball I
actually have two of them and I kind of
want to go drop it in the foam pit and
like drop it on something house I don't
really know I might do it on a mini
trampoline just because it's already
broken it might be dark by the time he
gets back probably sunset but I think
that's what we're gonna be doing for
today's video and yeah now we wait for
Quinton hi guys it's dark now and
Quinton is here he's back I should say
and Rose drugged out all the stuffed
animals from the PIO box opening out
here she literally has them all
scattered across alright so this light
is very sketchy I don't know how well
it's gonna work some of the things are
out on it I don't know we're gonna go
ahead and do the trampoline first and to
clarify it's not gonna be one of the big
trampolines it's just a small ones
already broken like I said earlier we
got it a long time ago and it was like a
hundred and some dollars at Walmart and
it's in like my third most viewed video
so we've already got our use out of it
you know why actually we're gonna do a
foam block first just because already
right here so let's do this yellow one
huh sounds good to me it's kind of wet
before I forget we need our ice-cream
scooper I'm gonna wear these maybe this
one is it found it alright so we have
this little ball someone sitting fanmail
a long time ago it makes a weird ringing
sound used to ring better before we got
it heat it up but yeah we're gonna stick
it in here right in between those bricks
and then turn on this
and we've made its were key to set it
down and heats up by itself you don't
have to hold it
we as an eye we are good to go
all right our ball is looking red-hot
turn that off
let's get our ice cream scoop let's how
did we do this last time we just Paul
it's so hot here complete federal yeah
shit
Oh God Oh God she's your finger dude oh
I got it Oh hold it over to the foam
should go right through oh oh no I
remember the smell this oh yeah oh did
it get the ball everything let's wait
until it quit smoking you all right so
let's get its artistic shot sure I think
we would have heard it hit the bottom
what if it does it slowly no no check
it's still going dude it's a thousand
degrees
Archer let's check it all in yellow into
the bottom look hi where are you going
let's take a quick break while the snow
goes away well catch you guys later all
right guys we are back and I found this
five pound Hershey bar that we're gonna
drop it through as well we gotta get
this open we're gonna bring this one
outside and then we're also gonna do the
trampoline I guess we're gonna do this
one first so let's do it all right this
is this is some Willy Wonka stuff Taylor
did you use this in the cake your baking
no but this is not really our
anniversary cake yeah three months well
then why does this exist I hate you all
right here we go
run Charlie run home and don't stop till
you get there I was like hopefully I
don't break this it literally you can't
even bite into these if you guys have
ever had one they're too hard it's
ridiculous all right let's bring this
outside
all right part two
let's get that nice and turned up so
it's all about the gravitated equations
yeah that I have forgotten how to
perform rows do not come near this guy's
like my pajamas Thank You hos the angle
of the trajectory was off all right
let's let that's it let's go get this
trampoline while we wait so we haven't
touched this thing in forever yeah has a
chair on it but as you can see as you
can't see come on these are ripped off
and a lot of them are broken so it's you
can't really use it anymore it would
just break and the legs some of the legs
are bent as well look Pete is falling
apart as we do this there we have it our
boozy bouzouki trend so we've been using
this thing forever and I think it's
finally running out of fuel because it's
starting to go slow so I think we're
gonna go ahead we're gonna go ahead and
use what as much red as we can right now
but give yourself to do the trampoline
let's do two fun blocks and set it on
top of you isn't that right here Rose
get back in your dog house don't even
think about it actually going up there
good alright what to turn this off all
right same drills last time even though
it's kind of hard to get it right you
have the ice-cream scooper yeah I'm
gonna do I'm gonna use my flashlight on
my phone I said not red-hot when there's
a light on it but kinda yeah there yeah
all right on top 300 whoa I don't know
if you getting it those really hard oh
that smells that didn't smell horrible
like the foam it's kind of going through
I don't know it's just boiling it you
know I think the truck that wins I think
if we let it sit here for like five
minutes to get through but through
trying to apply force let's give it a
little Church go forceful encouragement
oh they got awesome more smoke yeah dude
yeah let's uh it's gonna be gross to the
trampoline is it getting a third on it
yeah hit on top Oh see if you can see if
you get bottom oh it's go through the
bottom it is going dude it's dripping
come on fall through oh that was the
ball I know oh it's about to fall it's
about to fall Oh Rose I know already why
is it pooping I don't know it's
literally halfway through just fall and
hates it until now it's all nasty look
at that crater yo the chocolate is done
you all right we're gonna use like the
last of the juice of this thing because
of the chocolate look at it that's so
pretty
it smells horrible let me turn this
light all right now you can play we go
all right let me look so you get a
karate chop it course it's not very high
you're gonna hit your hand on the
concrete I just step on it dude if you
hit it with foam under it's not gonna
break it's not enough
oh my gosh you're pushing up against
they know you are a scientist I am I've
been working on it this is like
combination of good and burnt but oh
dude that was in the foam first the
balls in the phone then touch that
you're gonna die oh we do have a hammer
okay okay
I also have a hatchet inside so you just
got give it a little little tap and then
a really love town that looks like
Oklahoma oh we can't leave this I wasn't
gonna eat it it's just the chocolate on
the outside I think there's not 13
layers of crap on it okay guys turns out
we actually found the tongs that we were
looking for so we don't use the ice
cream scooper anymore and I think this
looks cooler so you ever seen the
episode of Spongebob whenever they felt
mr. Krabs was a robot and then he had
these oh by the way we're cleaning up
the chocolate we have it ready to throw
away Rose will die yeah we're good
animal take care of ours so this thing's
not gonna get red-hot just because
there's already a layer of chocolate
that's like melted on it this has been
going for like ten minutes and it's
still not red-hot so it's probably not
gonna happen
but we still have these tongs we're
still gonna set it on the trampoline I
bet it'll still go through whoo
it's gonna roll down yeah it'll get even
has time to roll all right ready look
you just take it right off ready yeah
three two one Oh
Auggie's rolling you're right all right
ready like yeah he's going through oh I
see it's sinking oh did it go all right
yes it's a perfect hole oh my god do
again dude let's do it like right here
if I just leave it like that
all right now see it sinks a little bit
start sinking and then
BAM like the perfect circle you'll see
holes we continue I have to hold it
there for a second so start sinking then
I can let go look at that oh my gosh wow
it goes so fast this thing's been
already been cooling off and it feels so
fast oh we should have made a smiley
face it's too late now I last one let's
see if it'll go through its me cooling
off forever and it's just one of those
oddly satisfying I know it makes perfect
circle here let me heat it up real quick
we'll find one more thing because I
really want one more thing I wanted to
do that emoji pillow but it's fan art
even though I has a cut in it and it
smell really bad so do that something
fan mail not fan art I'm sorry I'm tired
whoa what about the the gummy worm what
we put in then like leaned it up on the
dude give it thank you
where's the other half one good big
important of course I do
how much stuff did you throw away today
wait a minute I don't grab it oh God
alright so the plan is we're gonna pick
up the ball scoot the bricks to where we
can lay the gummy worm down inside of it
long ways and then see how much it will
fall I bet it goes to like the third one
we're gonna okay so we're gonna count
how many ridges 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 14 15 but there's like 12 after I
don't know you think it will burn
through three ridges yeah how about I
gotta go that I think it'll burn through
four there will be 11 ridges but yeah
third-degree burn you hold the camera
gonna trap it to where the ball can
still go high that's perfect it's gonna
fall I think you forgot all right uh oh
there he goes
you do that frickin hurt so bad though
pretty good
well good your camera's gonna smell just
like it it's going I think he got rid of
the chocolate you can see some silver
all right no all right let's move the
brick no I want to push it
oh no what's she doing that's cheating
not burning my hand oh all right let's
grab this it's probably hot to bring it
over here to the trampoline let's count
the ridges oh yeah you win for sure one
two three four five six seven eight
9 10 11 12 13 14 you got through one it
literally only go through one literally
whoo woman let's jump on this trampoline
I can feel this is gonna rip should I
jump off you want to fall through take a
big old bounce Quinton right on the
holes Oh anybody a wasted a tramp No
all right dude no it's gonna leave the
freaking springs I'm gonna keep flying
off you're gonna die and sell my land on
your knees on it what's called it let's
call it a day slash tonight all right
guys here's the new backyard
it was actually pretty fun way more fun
than the nighttime II who plays with
knives it's stupid yeah besides the foam
smell that was pretty fun
and I hope you guys enjoyed it and thank
you guys so much for watching this video
don't forget to leave a like and share
the parents if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys in the
next one
peace out well I usually put my hands
that way but I do this way that might be
a new thing I don't know oh my god it
ain't my fault
you just maybe
