hey melon get y'all rose that kid Rose
did you miss me I miss you can I break
my tripod yes yeah I did what did you
own guys we are back and back in Kansas
kind of good to be back Ellie's better
but you know what we don't have in LA is
fan mail
these are all the packages that we have
we obviously have like a lot more fan
mail like Ellenville opes and then other
stuff right all this is going to go into
our fourth that we're going to make and
then we're going to slowly tear it apart
and open some mail and Rose is going to
be our sleeping mascot we left her at my
cousin's house I'm pretty sure they
trained her because she's a good dog oh
now and jealous crippled if you didn't
know he tore some stuff in his leg right
you'll find out the awesome video link
in description he's gonna upload a video
about it so I won't spoil anything but I
guess we're going to go ahead and get
started
we wrote this as we get dogs now I think
Rose is being so nice if she's like I
made them so mad they left me for a week
until it to have it out
Thank You spoiler said it's closed
hey people listen Maxie says do not stab
friends and I said said we're not that
special these are extra boxes let's make
the wallet first is something to handle
with care please open ends law this is
my blog today appeal boxes well we
really wanted to open this one but it
says open and tub and I just don't want
to make anyone mad I'm sorry Kyle
lordlings Quinn wanna see him sick -
alright oh I forgot to snap here we are
the most horrible for ever yeah this is
not good but I don't care okay we didn't
finish this part right here because we
have to do this
I don't know how to wall didn't fall
well yeah there's really no other way
yeah into training I'm going to step on
his knee by the time we're done no good
I mean I was good I were using normal
knives because we don't have any
actually cool ones are you guys done
yeah they're probably in the bathtub
which yeah hey first pill box without a
bathtub in a long time which one you
want
there you go but they're up there I
don't want to take him for the wall
cause I don't know ruin it what are
these all right yeah yo I've always
wanted one of these look at this ready
it's a world voyage gummy bear or good
life worm sorry this fact about her the
reason why you're awesome in as everyone
that's you no longer videos right there
dude that must have taken forever
check it out before tonight huh look at
this thing this is huge thank you please
take a bite out of that yeah I'm really
good aw don't runs off ever aw it's so
sticky
all right all right all right Oh God
Thank You Irish
this is so good I just mocking me but
for God what I'm gonna take it bites me
middle right in half I did body invited
you got it I'll go over there mm-hmm
thank you good I got a blue bar mm-hmm
give me the blue this actually tastes so
good like Wow kind of it I don't want it
Oh run-button side of it or the hair on
yours still oh well just a all
right take it please I'm gonna go wash
my hands real close a shower and call me
spider-man
I got it stinky over here one two three
for my new sonic out something out the
first package was already so dope
Thanks triangle better be sick oh yeah
it is it is it's a car you idiot
thank you dear Kenner my name is Jordan
Jensen and I hope you like the things I
sent I've been watching your videos for
a long time and I got a trance for
Christmas and I've learned a lot from
your vids - Jordan well thank you and
some fears mr. baseball cards honey some
jelly beans I feel like a monkey in a
lock button you might have to do this
one I think they did that on purpose so
- oh oh wait I'm not I've actually gone
you would have stabbed into an emoji
pillow looks like it's already been
stabbed actually this is my face 90% of
the time so thanks oh we got a pop star
this thing matches my shirt hold in the
pop part yeah
don't - so who I'd you guys want to give
me on the box this is a vehicle this is
so good mama now you guys finish up yes
this is a androgel it's just pasta I'm
Jill I'll take it
I'm not getting in this Ricky Wow your
videos are very entertaining for me to
watch I truly enjoy them well thank you
I know you way to talk about a lot so I
got you some toilet paper just in case
you have to talk about diarrhea
explosions thank you also to Taco Bell
meal is included in this package I was
at the store the other day and saw a
t-shirt I thought it was pretty funny so
I bought it for you where's my t-shirt
maybe maybe this one's English this your
past one mice Taco Bell dude give me a
buck open it in Carroll grad forest
thank you oh it's all soggy there's a
lot goes in here don't open it I don't
okay you put the money in car yes Darrin
are you doing I'm not to drive ticket
gonna get this in here one two three
four five sour patch kids thingies whoa
you've been sent an automobile with
Jaylin whoa
halos thank you dude that is the coolest
thing ever
thank you Dave for the mini sour patch
kids I want to use some chocolate so
walk down the pop-tart free slurpie from
7-eleven oh yeah they don't have those
here yeah they do
it doesn't dry like six hours and
they're right there hi Alice knock down
another wall with my cutie but the
person is says the candy Alice has some
sex on some night-vision cameras undated
security works
fall asleep so yeah where do you have a
guy here security in the new house so if
he failed more calling it this not
batteries that means I could have driven
around someone took green sharpie to
this camp on these feminine products
have been quite principled Reno's uh
we've already made a huge mess I do not
wanna clean this up another ranbir skini
clearly first convertible we have that's
cool I'm more into the Audi r8 now oh
those memories
one was twisting hey you call duty
question I already have one oh my god
those be narrow this is talk about money
and talk about oxidase a new breeze out
blue as night
have you tried it no what is this
thankfully this is for you because you
want a motorcycle people know yeah all
right it's no longer brownie what is
that
let's go world second smallest emoji
pillow remember last time I got your
world's long I now have three of these
this one's a little bit smaller than the
last and the other one was a little bit
smaller than the other one a standard
all someone gave you an iPad
give it here Paul what the heck it's not
a nice that it's bean boozled and you've
been use a nice bracelet all right
quickly bracelet Eddie here oh look at
that
there's no windshield hey tanner I
thought you would want something married
late Christmas hope you like to get your
my favorite youtuber by thank you bro
this is sick Alison party we have our
own magic juice that's a party name is
Jasmine with low six we need to make it
dirty
look at that wearing the gloves this
challenge you guys know sweet objected
blowing up there I got it yeah there was
clickbait inside I have a clickbait
teddy bear smell like your dog's been
soon I'll have a dozen on my business I
just run this down on my bed thank you
bro this is separate rows click bait
ball did they just go to a rainbow storm
there's a blue Lamborghini
wait another set of twins there's words
in your trips might wanna read it we
have a kid this is what our kid would
look like it mean Quinton had a kid it's
your face structure with my hair they
put everything you guys really versus
wall that's sweet
trampoline versus everything thank you
are you guys finished up those boxers
I'm going to go ahead and get started on
this and there's a draw I'm still bummed
about that iPad Mini here's the next one
it won't fit hey Jonathan roses that's
sweet let me see this Africa production
from Olivia brush
Thank You Olivia Brooks let it go guys
we're going to go ahead and in the
videos there we have a lot more boxes
obviously but we don't have that much
time what was your favorite gift my
hater blockers wait we got to go try the
Taco Bell thing let's go try Taco Bell's
new fries really a doggie Topher
you will hate that yeah you like it
he doesn't like know you whatever it is
ask you again Rose I'm sorry
let's go buster there it is oh it looks
so beautiful
hello how are you good how are you
pretty good totall whenever you're ready
can I have a blue raspberry airheads
fries and that'll be it okay something
cookin Street
yes lemon the truth what's up man yeah
sure I'll watch your bobsville huh Thank
You Man did it yeah sweet all right yeah
I'll see you guys later
ah oh my gosh wait wait wait for it yeah
it's our turn the cursor nervous hi
awesome let's hear you say we thank you
thank you never not you too
it's pretty good oh yeah that is
basically it for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it a very random ending to
appeal box opening I know it wasn't in
the back I apologize but we had to make
it for new house for your box openings
will be sick but thank you guys so much
for watching this video don't forget to
leave like in charge the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace have
a day my fault my you came in looking
like that you just maybe hey hold on
this wall stop stop thumbnail open up
I'm gonna stepwise new you guys and
we're going
