it's our last full day in LA and I still
haven't got my video edited first day
I'm leaving the hotel room without my
video edited but I am yeah
two more meetings today and then we're
going to Conan tonight which is like a
live TV thingy where they're celebrities
and yeah yeah it's probably know what
I'm talking about and couldn't come with
is this not enough sitting in the hotel
okay we're about to our first meeting
yay this vlog I'm guessing is going to
be a lot like yesterday's where like I
probably don't film that much throughout
today because we're busy and then most
of its going to be an evening Santa
Monica howdy
you know mom I think we should go by
this Malloy I've already been there no
but I mean like get something alright
first meeting is over
they had a freaking hoverboard in there
that I really wanted to ride on I didn't
want asked he should have just done it
they wouldn't care but my camera was in
the car so I figured it's gonna be
boring there's nothing to film and we're
going to our last meeting of the trip
right yes I want to go to a meeting for
Clinton oh I don't pay attention his so
now I get added the rest of my video my
car though it's impossible my last
meeting is over with and they have these
little here things and it's so nice
and I think we're going to meet up with
someone since I haven't really done any
collabs here I guess he just so happened
to come into town today so we're going
to go meet with him like right now
Marcus yeah you're gonna have to get in
the back with Quentin hi guys so we're
with our xbox buddy mark thomas and and
magcon buddy we're going on it we're
going to Venice Beach right now it's
actually nice time today I just took off
the sweatshirt on
yeah it's not ring so it's pretty nice
we're going to go try to do some fun
stuff for one
sadly no Xbox is here though hello
birdies do the birds here don't care
like where's Rocco let me get within 5
feet they're wrong
alright Sam what are we going to do
squad what's just suits or more far for
we find a sitting will be I probably
understand both I want to get sand
unless you love it uh-huh oh dude that's
hardcore yeah I almost died it's really
slippery up there was sin ok now we can
do something down to my shoes I fail
fast and you want to go yeah look at
that guy I want one of those he's a
chicken take when when he's going to set
the mood here
Oh wish this change oh yeah thanks for
the copyright thank you
all right mark get up there repeat
exactly what you just saw now I'll
probably get up there and back football
that's it well it's my first law
I let you hide this thing behind us
often bouncy so I think I'm going to do
some stuff off here into the pan this is
you guys to texture of it goes in it oh
oh no click I'm gonna die here
I like the me dick Brokeback all right
we're at the famous swingin range I'm
going to try to do like swinging back
football fees and try not to forget my
futures I forgot my phone last time
apparently there are strict rules for
that made by a random guy so we're going
to this one over here okay here we go
oh wow
all right it's probably gonna be my last
flips of the day I'm already getting
tired they're going to be sick
I'm gonna make sure there's a stop not
really
I got scared
okay we're done for good now are you
sure yeah my aching back oh whoa you
guys okay so this is just like last time
whenever we were like oh it's got to be
good to be fun there's literally nothing
to do here let's go system shrinks some
kissing cranks hey sugar how are you
doing all you you got let's play a quick
game okay and shake Furcal you're not
your doctor like you it's not that crazy
all right before you get carried away
whaler is the thing we are where it all
started
Ferris wheels right there sailor see you
mark I have important duty I have to
take care of real quick then has already
filled my shoes so it's okay
here we are
and boom okay I didn't I said I'd go
swimming and I did it that was freezing
now I know I know buddy else was
swimming I thought I said goodbye why
are you doing it was great guys my
grandmother sent me a text and she said
I hops remodeling so you can't go eat
there but it's a good thing they did it
while we were gone yeah we got this one
waiter I think what was her name Ashley
waitress sorry Jamie Jamie MIT yeah
probably yeah we we kicked a really good
she was really good waitress and she's
like yeah I've heard of you guys people
keep calling and I was like oh yeah
sorry about that
he's like we can get you some privacy
like in a back booth or something I was
like that'd be cool
I imagine going and IHOP and having our
own place to sit down we could sail
mauled memes we want so we're going to
Conan right now I've watched one of his
shows and it was computing I was on it
so this bump with the computer it's gone
BAM I see you up here
hey that's him that's the guy on the big
billboard that's who we're watching yeah
well there's no cameras allowed in here
I already know so we will see you guys
once we're done all right so we are back
and we are also back at the pier but
with putting this on we're about to go
into here I thought this restaurant was
only from Forrest Gump if you guys have
ever seen that movie but it apparently
is real we're going to go eat I'm going
to try to upload my video and then I
think I'm going to try to beat Guitar
Hero scores again this is called
dedication sitting on the floor in a
restaurant by the only charger oh no
maybe I was forced into the spot sailors
right there Ferris wheels right there
Taylor if you don't take Quinton I will
I'm going back into the arcade and I
have $2.00 and I'm going to spend both
of those two dollars on Guitar Hero and
I'm going to try for a high score again
probably not going to happen but oh well
it's still enjoyable kind of what I'm
going to play
thing that I might be able to get my
soil hi we're doing a random one
no whammy bar I could be wearing right
now high score
nothing for now human baby I got I got a
Rollo
okay look at this second huh yes I am
keeping in hanabono described MSI's ooh
that's a day there be remembers when I'm
playing one more for fun the odds are
gorgeous effect I did pretty good on
this one shoot there's lunch a lot not
that is way better than last time I'm a
spell axle I don't know how you did it
I'll get that one next time alright
we're done with Guitar Hero well we came
here late and we spent over time on
Guitar Hero so no ferris wheel tonight
sadly I love it almost my car here oh I
know you wanted to spend time equipment
doesn't know I really did mine you'll do
it again we have plenty of opportunities
um no yes yeah okay we're going to make
it through this together
I hate you so much you don't come on hey
Tristan how's the back seat hi winning
or Vinnie or whatever was how you
alright guys we're back at Hotel hotel
haha we were back in the hotel now and
hey I've let it ended everybody this
cool I forgot to show you guys someone
left me a bag of goodies if you're
watching this thank you I'm sorry I
couldn't be here to say hi but I'm going
to ear camera fixed with me I mean we
all win right let's check for places
most glasses oh yeah this has been our
last day in California it's been a fun
week every time we come here it's just
been getting better and I feel like next
time it'll be even more fun we're
probably going to start coming down here
more and more mostly because we have
tube also because we want to avoid fun
here I only got assaulted by one
homeless man the weather is always great
and we get to see friends while we're
down here
I even collab but they weren't mark I
guess you didn't collab with mark it
kind of revisit work whaler all began
yes we did but yeah guys we have a day
of travel tomorrow probably going to be
a super boring day don't know if I'm
going to upload if I do it's probably to
be a challenge because we're literally
just going to the airport and driving
home oh yeah a little update on the
airport situation we got a five hour
delay so I just edited the video
everyone
it's been laying on the floor Clinton's
over there and yeah we're basically
stuck here pretty much all day and we
got to drive three hours home from where
we land so yeah not a fun day but oh
well continue with the rest of video
hopefully there's no dead fish in our
yard when we get home or any silly
string or eggs in my car but yeah guys
I'm going to go dig the sand out of my
shoes and a half from the beach but that
is basically for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it the last video of la I
was going to jump in the fountain but I
don't wanna get kicked out and if I did
it would have to be in the morning don't
want the hotel mad at me and then I have
to dry off and stuff and it'd be at 5:00
in the morning when we leave to fly off
there by the way if you're watching this
that means we're a love hotel do not
disturb room 208 the nice people in here
don't mess with him yeah we're gone by
the time these videos up by the way but
yeah thank you guys so much watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share the French view enjoyed
subscribe to new and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
