goodbye they what is going on fellow
members of the Jukes quoi so today all
right well first of all last night there
was like a fifty year old guy who sat
and waited after I got in the hot tub
for thirty minutes and then I took a
picture with him it was weird
hey maybe my fans are older than I
thought but we're going to meeting like
I said one of them some Universal
Studios so that's pretty cool they make
movies and stuff and then after that
we're going to Instagram and Facebook
headquarters yeah I want to stop by an
arcade sometime today and try to beat
the Guitar Hero high score and maybe
some other high score we've heard that
they have them in Santa Monica so we're
going to try I'm going to try to take it
back from that fountain before we leave
probably the last days in case they get
shakedown this kids coming with her for
some reason I couldn't tell you why I
call Shotgun
peace out here hey Tristan how is it
back there I honestly feel like I'm
about to vomit so yeah right yeah I ride
back there all the time
best part about the front seat the door
open i sorry ran a person using your car
as a tripod I'm just as tired this
morning as it was last night that's
great fall weightless you just rest
right here all yours
this is not an elevator that's a water
oh well raesha
loser video with you is far more
this is too early for flips and stairs
meetings are boring and now to find our
car that's why it Tristan user so we are
at Facebook and Instagram headquarters
right now I don't know if I'm allowed to
filming here I'm going to try they're
pretty nice security in here and they
don't even have like the name of them on
the building so I think they would want
to encourage your social media drive on
put one more parkour run
alright we're inside and look at the
vending machines in here gave me free
gummy bears and this thingy pretty cool
here free beef jerky alright so we're in
this cool little snow room right now I
remember if any of you guys know who
Mark Thomas is you did like one of the
first Instagram live streams is alright
yeah we can shoot a couple array you can
shoot whatever you want yeah I'm saying
what street rego and then you yeah new
movements one two three go can together
like you to go Buffalo is burrito long
yeah well you have it our timbers yeah
well I just got a Facebook page made for
me
we just I feel like I just went to
college I get verified soon so clever
leave a link to my facebook in the
description if you guys want to don't
like me on Facebook I'm going to be
live-streaming and stuff I don't know
how often just pins how much I fell in
love with it but it seems pretty cool
everything they're talking about sounds
pretty exciting
I see why Facebook is still going after
all these years they're very very smart
people working there and I'm just kid
who dads on camera for subscribe alright
so now we're just going to go eat and
lunch and then we have one more meeting
for the day hopefully going to do some
fun stuff faster because it's blind okay
so we are finally out of all the
meetings that we have today we have two
more tomorrow and then I think that's it
for the trip because tomorrow's our last
full day here
right now we're headed to the Santa
Monica Pier and I'm going to try to be
the guitar hero high score on the arcade
I don't know what song I'm playing I
don't know what Guitar Hero game it is
but if you guys watch my videos you know
I go and look at it it's so pretty
you know what happened up on that ferris
wheel right mom I'm not yet quail err
squalor happen it was their first date
gonna kill e whomever she Taylor clan
were fighting over who was too close to
who and then their loves you started
from there Ron you're going to go on the
ferris wheel
now the line might be too big I don't
know which should we go in there first
or should we go play some friggin guitar
hero I can't imagine the line with me
long it's really chilly I didn't hold up
I'm gonna show them the way let's get
out of the middle of the road even
though this isn't a road check it out
look the way there are some huge ones
earlier they're uh they're not that big
right now I guess but alright ready
there better not be someone who's really
good at guitar hero that's been here
there have to be it's okay alright we're
going to go in here right now what's
this
I need a dollar I'm going to get
copyrighted suffice for these are like
the weirdest crap the worst guitar is
like so warming is weird that all the
song you want to play that I'm not going
to be playing the song I can get out in
cinema
and
was on the way me boy
I hate
this is the worst game ever what is he
buddy please they jealous they don't
jump they don't go I got the third
highest I scored this have to note round
number two hopefully this goes over
better
this one doesn't stop
I don't know if I got the high score
yeah we have any more reporters yeah
we're gonna try one more time we're
gonna try to play the song Jackie happy
Jackie must have been here four years
ago and Jafar was new I think so heavy
made of metal and I see this yellow one
has to have a little something on it you
can tell which note you're on but
they're all the thing you can't tell
which what your fingers are all it's
annoying
I'm holding the note and it stops I give
up how many more quarters we have turns
out they have a song I love I don't
really care if I'm a good high school
holding my hands at home
room better vital legacy the high scores
top three top three are you Axl was on
that one
well on this blood I'd ruined Axl's
little thing yet yo let's go yeah we're
going on this up here now we're going to
beat the high score for the most fun on
a fire through all of this you can get
there coldest yeah so one good thing
about this cold night is there's no line
Wow they don't want to fit my girls done
I didn't know I bring a parrot or next
time you don't come with me you're it's
so pretty I love it when it's all lit up
and colorful oh look the city literally
breathe the light up into the cloud yeah
the last time we went on here it was
just during the day so it's not as cool
I liked it right after sunset and it's
also cool as in told I think we've gone
to the ocean like one time one time when
we came down late a lot three times
we've been in the last few months
yeah no we never got in the water what
is to business but look that looks so
cool I can't let's just go get in right
now huh slowly starting to realize why
so many people live here it's cool guess
what mom today is my half birthday and
literally yeah basically January 24th
with me having birthdays have you happy
thank you alright as long as that was
I'm ready to get off it's freezing cold
that's what simply thank you no problem
so yeah today we went to Instagram slash
Facebook headquarters attempted to beat
some Guitar Hero record didn't really
work the guitar sucked it was freezing
cold made of metal buttons didn't work
no whammy bar ferris wheel was pretty
fun we're heading back now to the hotel
I called a button haha losers
are you see how long way from New York
to see you really yeah what happened
that's the one that's going on Instagram
all right what's your name Oliver Oliver
check it out let's get all there is wait
hold up hold off all that we met since
Wendy's out here in from Australia yeah
let's go I want to get to my friend oh
yeah yeah yeah George will ya got it
Georgia well what's up guys hey Clinton
fun day you wonder what I did right
there on the phone for how many hours 18
now I got to the meetings Clinton got to
sit in the hotel well you got what does
that on Fairfield we get by him
something so yeah and then okay this is
probably some downside of the vlog okay
there's this really cool little robot
that comes to your door you order snacks
from the snack bar it literally goes up
the elevator find your room goes ding
dong and you open the door and then it's
like right there and has all your food
and stuff it's really cool we're going
to try it out I would like to place an
order for winning can I have four fruit
snacks and for ice cream sandwiches all
right thank you you're welcome
that was easy right now let's go see
what it does is that glowing blue saying
all the way down there right there
that's the robot we are getting a
behind-the-scenes that's how this thing
works stand in the way of them see if it
goes around let's do this
okay twinsies yeah we've worn these four
days and run hey I switched it up to
that you guys saw those black pants
there we were in the vlog I thought the
robot filled it up themselves there we
go
how's it getting the elevator elevator
coming down for fill your layers doing
is going I'll show the building I bet
it's going to look like that trash can
come on mmm way come on buddy
really what are you doing nice wrong
right yeah over here kid yeah whatever
what is a lot dude there's something in
it or else it would go straight it would
have coordinates someone controlling a
barn - this is how long you're on ahead
sir thank you thank you awesome when we
word for they get us five Valon well I'm
gonna thanks Winnie how would you say
zero stars did you like this in
something else no thanks
alright how cute by T sound right
alright guys well yes that is basically
for this video but I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
and share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to new and I'll see you guys
the next super hell for being held
hostage just I'll see you guys in the
next one peace out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made
