mommy in there about his 40 subscribers
Laurie yes jump you don't check it out
she's pretty cool come on come on get go
good good
what's that quit unsubscribing why is it
so laggy what is this I paid for the
good internet mom or this is horrible
I'll set this in the background let's
play I'm subscribed to channel my
matters most okay oh yeah we're ten away
no I will not miss this milestone I
always miss my milestones not this time
okay everyone out okay goodbye
okay so I know you guys are thinking
where's the vlog where's the video two
million subscribers and I have nothing
but I have a good excuse okay I
literally chat through eight hours of
meetings today my brain is fried I've
literally had to like try to concentrate
on what these genius businessmen are
saying and try to like decide what I
want to do and it's like I don't know
it's way overwhelming yeah literally was
way too busy today to film a vlog and I
have a meeting is literally everyday the
rest of the trip which really sucks I'm
still going to try to make videos I
don't know how many I'm gonna make I
don't know if I'll make one every day or
not but I'll try but yeah two million
subscribers that's just such a cool
number and I cannot say thank you enough
even though it's super tired I'm so
happy right now that's just just a huge
milestone and I owe it all to you guys
thank you so much I can literally hear
them watching my videos in the other
room I tried to make a good calling
yesterday with the flips and the pool
and everything to hopefully make up for
this because I know this isn't anything
special but for a second alright let's
just think about this right may 29th of
2016 I hit 10,000 subscribers in 7
months we have gotten all the way to 2
million subscribers and I have no idea
how to explain it it's all thanks to you
guys for you guys watching all my videos
always supporting me in whatever I
decide to do and I always trying to make
the best decisions and try to make the
best videos to entertain you guys and I
feel like I've done a pretty good job so
far but there's so much more I have to
do I owe so much to you guys and I'm
going to keep making videos I'm going to
keep grunting hard I'm going to keep
doing everything I can to make this
channel as great as it can be
2017 will be the year where I get to
meet a ton of you guys these things will
be happening especially like now I'm way
more comfortable after meeting with all
these people we met with big talent
agencies and everything's not going to
lie it was pretty cool like they got a
list of my favorite snacks and I put
them out on the table it was wicked and
yeah I'm just so happy right now my
lunch is literally just been so crazy
and it's been crazy from my family and
even my friends like quinton being
involved in all the videos and sobriety
you guys like it whenever they're in the
videos I'll show you guys all think
Quentin Salaria it's just like I do
I love reading that comment about my
family because I feel like they should
all be involved in this lots of
traveling to be done in 2017 new house
there's just so much stuff it's all
going down cannot wait to share with you
guys and I can't say it enough guys
thank you so much
you know what I'd be doing right now for
you give me a second to think it was
just a normal kid sitting in school like
wondering how much homework it over the
next day or how my teachers are going to
annoy me in the next class and now it's
like completely different it's
everything I ever wanted and everything
that's happened so far has just inspired
me to work harder and I really really
believe that awesome thing is going to
come but yeah guys we're in this
together you guys mean the world with me
and I really don't know what else to say
or else I'm just going to keep repeating
myself
alright celebration real quick and yeah
guys that is basically for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
leave a like and share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys the next one thank you
so much for 2 million subscribers hi
once you're done holiday my saw
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
