what is going on guys we're back and
today third day yeah third day in
California we got the breakfast we got
the editing going editing sucks less
when you have breakfast in a hotel bed
with your great family am i right that
goes into it you know what mom I'm just
loving the trypophobia pancakes we're
probably going to be going to a
trampling gym tonight you're doing
something that indoors because kind of
sucks at whenever we come to LA or
weather has to be horrible it was fine
yesterday but not today and I was going
to be collabing with phase drug today
but the weather and I'd have to drive
there in it and something came up with
him so I don't think that's going to
happen but it's okay it'll happen
someday and I should have worn this
shirt in the photo here yesterday that
would've been really cool and he's been
sitting on the floor for like three
hours now he added this whole video and
then it restarted his computer quit why
on floor well if you breeze on the hard
drive a disconnection thresholds files
might restart again that's my old
computer so I used to have to deal with
that but he's going to get a new one
soon and we're going to give it to Dylan
oh you'll see two hours of I want oh
thank you real hello Manson is just a
second how's it going Sam alright nice
guy well girls do this hotel Wi-Fi is so
bad what the heck we all kind of match
yesterday look boom boom boom and then
there's Tristan right now we're going to
be looking at some houses we're not
going to move out here now it's probably
be like a year and it'd just be like an
extra house to have whenever we come out
here because we come out here like once
a month and we don't want to have a
hotel every time so we might be getting
that like I said to be in like a year
but we want to go get familiar with the
area so we're going to go check out some
houses and I like to have something
vlogs because I think they're fun oh why
you don't want to go let's take the
wheat elevator Clinton so this is the
first clip of the vlog because we gotta
go there and smells like then cook
problem I told you was smelling it
earlier no one believes it was like it
all the way dude nice weather we're
having
subscribe to Tanner Braungart on YouTube
you won't regret it he's a pretty cool
cat almost 2 million subscribers pretty
big deal you know what time it is
Clinton oh wow she loves the middle seat
update it's been 30 minutes and we still
haven't found any houses to look at rain
rain go away don't ever come back if
it's in California no don't let me know
she's warming my hands we finally found
an open house and we're about to go
inside of it and it's still raining
really hard and I'm about to have to go
get new shoot it again right yeah um I
forgot to wear the already wet ones okay
I'm sorry I like the city does not know
how to like control waters right all the
ships on the streets and it's bad well
let me out
hey dumps a puddle moment of truth oh so
wet well this is the most boring house
we have ever been inside of and we're
going to find some other cool ones
because it isn't it at least I have my
hubba bubba my biscuit well that was fun
back to the rain back to ruining the
shoes yay house number two oh my god and
you're not with me
that shoe covers yes I thought you'll
need these whenever you're taking a
shower for your ears okay I'm kidding
this is actually so cool I love this
agency yeah I'd like this bathroom is
more expensive in my house
whoa has a balcony out here too pretty
cool so a fireplace imagine I'm going to
fireplace in your bedroom that was a
devious - black painting balcony that's
actually really cool what is that a
bathtub a large opening in myself what's
up with all the black pictures they are
not TVs look there's nothing on this
thing this is the biggest fridge ever
holy crap I thought this was another
engineer there's an actual TV mounted
masturbating yeah there's a backyard
again backyard again Brown guardians we
have to return well that guy was really
nice and actually pretty helpful and
next time we come down lay we're not
staying in a hotel we're staying in like
a house that you can rent out it's
really weird but they're really cool so
yeah I think we're going to go look at a
few more maybe I don't know I want to
get out of the rain Oh cuz look
absolutely like flooding our last stop
is on a big hill well I was gonna record
this one but the power's out because of
the storm so it was completely dark in
there but this house is awesome it's
like building to a hill and has a back
patio and then I'm going to go see one
of my other friends give this flips and
I met him on Instagram a long time ago
and I'm finally going to meet up with
him so there will be some flipped in
this vlog so this one is really cool but
there's no service up here so I'm it's
at anyway but oh yeah the good thing is
that we have a slip and slide right
outside this is giant hill right to the
side of the house
that was a close one if we're going to
go see those hashtag slippers right now
she's going to be the best one there
he's going to be drone come on and be
the fulfillment of the even and yes it's
still raining so the rain side down a
little bit and we are at his house Wow
so on that Andrew what's up dude bring
it on
yeah so this is the backyard I see on
Instagram all the time
so these guys are in Santa flips like
better than I'll ever be
now they practice a lot all right
knowledge it you'll see in this relation
the grass right at these well made it
for me awesome she's like American Ninja
Warrior dude so effortlessly with the
free rows so these guys have a page
called gravitated equations right and
you guys yeah they were in a vlog before
cuz they mailed me some stuff and yeah
they have apparel and stuff it's all
super dope all right what Oh Mike I'm
going to try to fit in you guys have
done anything to stand battle today for
some for everyone
oh man first you wanted forever all
right you're good yeah oh there you go
all right my inner ninjas coming out
there we go a little ugly but ls1
oh it was cold whenever I had clothes on
oh yeah this is church by the way guys
put your eye come on with the crib
that's not mine hide it down oh yeah by
the way you guys are under an umbrella
no it's not one batch of the course
water from the umbrellas rain down and
went down my back nine that's actually
such a drill enough look at him look at
what cool things okay yeah he jumped off
that
oh that would be awful he's been doing
this for about ten minutes now I do more
dumps into the pool but it's legit so
cold we're about to get in the hot tub
though this is the Oval Office
this is the life guys don't you if
there's lightning all right so we're
going to chill the hot tub I don't know
what else I'm gonna be filming I'll
probably see you guys a little bit once
we're heading out but it's been fun
all right so we're out of the hot tub
now and we have some fans coming over
and we're going to surprise them and I
want this backyard is your name not here
Matthew hey what's up to the vlog
Matthew hi
there's that moment of truth first
online using forever
checking the other one with you I like
never ride these I don't even care if
these things are out of date I really
want one really good at is we really
want her
oh not since you're so good at any
probably good on the hardwood floor
audience good boy shut up like I said
check it out got me a gravitated
equation shirt from the guys themselves
yes you definitely go check out their
channel and their Instagram I'll put the
stuff in the description to go check
them out that makes a pretty cool
clothes and so wild as you guys saw
peace out Solomon or them until next
time and I can go around doctor thanks
supportive mother of mine never miss an
episode episode I'm not keeping nice day
- all right guys we're back at hotel and
I'm pretty sure I end all of my videos
recently like this but so yeah tomorrow
is going to be filled with nothing fun
eight hours of meetings four different
meetings easily lasts forever so I don't
know what I'm going to film tomorrow I
don't know if I'm going to film might be
a challenge something I have no idea and
thank you guys so much watching this
video don't forget to leave a like and
share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe in you and I'll see you guys
in next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
