dude for Cory King guys that was like
ten people room what is going on guys we
are back and tired we are back annoying
the neighbors I so today was the day of
the movie premiere that we were supposed
to go to that is now cancelled so we
have a free day basically so we're going
to try to find some fun stuff to do so
this should be a good vlog I know the
last ones I posted up kind of in line
and that's just because we've been super
busy and it's hard to make like a good
vlog and do all the stuff you have to do
but today will be different ok make
vlogs great again so we don't really
know what we're doing but we're going to
find out and you guys are coming along
with us on this journey of life I'm just
glad I have two choices of clickbait
jacket I haven't put my hair up in a
while but I'm in the care I like it with
this shirt down
what's up are you doing I'm sorry I need
to meet you - you look so tonight huh
yeah we're like ten minutes away cause
they saw the folks last time yeah I
talked about all of you guys
all right what's your name again Andi
Abby guys this is Abby I suppose she
looks like Jigga territory but any
shoutouts doing against this vlog shout
out to ruby Jason Lawrence reputation
line going on guys what do you think
about hotel hide-and-seek I mean there's
a lot of cool spot I don't know if we'll
fall through that but like that's the
best but wonder why we could jump from
here to there but we couldn't get down
I can put down on that TV down there
maybe this hotel would be so crazy for
that but I have to show your POV or
whoever's hiding on the secret are like
Zelda and you can really have I only
brought one camera to so um you can use
mine
but seriously what hotel is hiding
places like this that's crazy
and I'll drop my camera cool let's leave
why mom's reply we could have been
enlightening with waiting I'm a youtuber
this is an outrage wait that is actually
lightning McQueen's paint job oh my god
no is this cool
more like lightning McQueen Playgirl all
right
Curt you see catch ow mom settled on
going to this side yes where we're at
guys did nice that's all you wrote
creamy
I'm gonna cry it's so beautiful
yeah they said this looks like a normal
color I think he has a cradle setting
back in ug um yeah red interior there it
is
this is the one nice pretty we're
getting right now yes we all right tell
me what I have to do to get finished
paying for the house its carbon fiber
mirror and I know that's definitely yeah
these are both parts okay pretty
beautiful this is the V 10+2 this is
literally the dream car mom but it
matches my shoes Oh at least I can open
my freakin door from the outside you
know what I'm sick of it
I'm making a revolution don't you dare
roll up this window
we're at the mall now got to get some
clothes because of all the support and
growth no we're at the mall it's under
got to get new clothes for the
photoshoot we're going to later found
out we're going to a photo shoot with a
really really cool photographer and I
can't wait because the pictures look
amazing on Instagram so who's that girl
is so lucky on a new park so this is
what it's like when it's not pouring
down rain
they work you're exactly 4 different
reaction works out well we got our first
set of clothes I need some cute ones for
this photoshoot nothing like being
shirtless and leave me alone
I'm fine dude do you think the owner of
the Bugatti would approve yeah I really
want to go look at that Lambo again
there was a sexiest Lambo like it makes
me makes me not want the ldr anymore
that makes me question your it I just
just wait I just know that's an L a car
in event Kansas okay so I usually don't
buy random stuff but I had to give this
necklace because I don't have any
necklaces and we're doing a photo shoot
and I needed one for what but I'm really
scared to lose it so remember the style
things I got for Christmas that you can
like put on your keys or in your wallet
and you can find it wherever so I'm
going to do and look at this
what's up looks like a go-kart right so
we are heading to the photographer's
house right now I think I'm gonna put my
hair up maybe shave my ugly beard that's
coming in can you see it see that don't
forget the size it's pretty nice it's
coming in hot we're going deep into
definitely Debra Lee oh we're going deep
into Beverly Hills right now pretty cool
up here and it's so nice weather and
it's supposed to get crappy again
tomorrow so anyway literally looks like
Hawaii we need to go back there mom fine
it was what fun what's a real it BAM
you're going with us to Hawaii no you're
not yeah well if there's winding roads
on stainless it is what it is they do
suck Whaler and I don't know no you
forced me to sit yeah I'm taking a video
of a video
oh here you can look through my coupons
look at the freaking house as though
what all the roads are so windy so I'm
gonna get fresh air want to stick my
friend out the window
I got the quick off with you bro okay I
got back in my are usually such happen
okay probably I'm not so up I gotta say
it you're gonna like it help them
clearly know you going to work hey Rio
I'm a response before and now it's even
getting better
hi guys this is Michael he's going to be
the photographer of this photo shoot
here going to be a lot of fun
Suns going down quick but we're going to
go I got it let me grab my clothes on
the back
sweet baby thinking
twinsies mine oh yeah
you know what I'll take on pants just in
case all right so this road that Ron is
the same road we were on with Jesse or
mcjuggernuggets back whenever we came
here a few months ago now we're not in a
Ferrari
we're with cameras on the edge of this
amazing view so we're exploring over
here he knows what he's doing I had no
idea what I'm doing but dude there's the
Hollywood sign right there
so cool so I guess Taylor you're
starting ticket was logged practice take
you to I'm I do this all the time
so before you naked in front all these
people we're gonna take some of these
clothes and it's really cold so I we
found aside your footage in Cynthiana
she's ready
I think of the stuff with you there we
go where we start dancing and thanks to
the crap nobody maybe look look houses
like over there yeah alright does it
told good thing I bought this today but
I'm here to warm you up oh yeah we have
a lot of a gay jokes going on this
channel not even know how you read right
now it was a virgin I think it's the one
I am I do a backflip under my eyes
really well that was the glue yeah I
have another one forever actually you
know I want to get you a favor get her I
don't know
like another so cool the power of an
actual photographer guys check it out
that's just beautifully Wow all right
guys we were back in the car now and we
were about to head back to the hotel the
photographer's name is Michael really
chill dude he's an awesome guy his
pictures are amazing definitely gonna be
posting those Instagram and stuff soon
so if you don't follow me don't follow
me
and they got really cold like it was
perfect weather all day a little bit
chilly now but still beat Kansas by a
long shot I will see you guys back in
the hotel all right guys it's day 2 at
the hotel we still haven't gotten up the
nerve to climb on this and take a
picture most thing is we don't want to
get kicked out and no blue happen in the
life I'm like it you and your vlogging
me what's going on what is that what is
about it I found the give me a beautiful
we out here bro oh yeah there's my chart
here see you put a portable charger in
one pocket put yourself on in the other
you're good you go usually hotels don't
have Quentin's number awakening state
still don't know another 250 and that's
what happens when your whole car they
have really big fit balls here I could
have some fun if the floor wasn't titled
you know that actually thought you were
now clickbait for the way this is all
right all right you can just forgive me
now yeah that's crazy man
forgive me don't piss off my video we go
to the pool but there's people in there
and we already did that one so captain
we were leaving the perimeter there used
to be a stack of like 20 mattresses
right around the corner and I was like
we're jumping on those but then we just
got back an hour ago and they were gone
and I was super upset so let's talk so
when you don't have a car in LA there's
really nothing to do you have to be like
21 or something stupid to drive the
rental car like it doesn't matter if you
have your driver's license like my
brother can't even drive it so we can't
go anywhere without my mom and she's
definitely not gonna take it anywhere
but I mean I love the environment of
this city like whenever I'm back home
sometimes I'm just like not feeling it
but all the time here I'm just like
super happy because the environment is
just awesome and I can go around talk to
my camera all I want and nobody goes
what's that kid doing alright guys we
are back into until now and we did a lot
today walked around a lot so I'm pretty
tired
you'll probably stay up all night like
you usually do but yeah guys that is
basically this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it don't feel like interests you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace out
you came in looking like that you just
made me
