what is your honor guys we are back and
today we're actually in California now
so life doesn't suck as much oh god here
he goes playing don't do it but I
realized I haven't done the weekly Q&A I
was also thinking about the PIO box
opening as well we don't have any fan
mail here or any bathtub do what we know
about this
we can't do that but we can do the
weekly Q&A so I greeted it'll take about
we can I guess we're going to be doing
out here it's kind of loud it's just hot
just started what's up Rick oh there's
one we could go home we might take you
guys to the lobby you might have to all
right we're going to try to find another
place to do this QA but hey I gotta work
this hotel is absolutely crazy
I'm actually pretty sick look every room
ding dong because we know glitching and
look at that fountain over there we got
to take a bathroom I want to sit on this
prescription
oh that would be cool
we're going to share I put it too high I
have to use my crappy gorillapod and I'm
really scared that it's going to fall
join them given your commitment at night
yeah you probably should here we go
how did you meet well she lives in the
town I live in which is a very big and
he's a freshman now I never went to high
school with her but she's always been my
town and lived here and she's been over
to my house before and hung out so I
really no next one really you're next
meat ingredient okay so I answered this
question in the video but things have
changed a little bit so I tweeted out
yesterday that we were going to the mall
that you guys will see we go through
later in this video but I gave people
like 10 minutes warning so we only met a
few people and there's always a lot of
people asking like what you do a meet-up
here there whatever and whenever you
don't make it a foreshore thing it
whatever it's not like a set date at a
set place where I give you guys the
address it's like impossible so since
there's not really any warning we're not
going to be doing like an actual
official meeting but I'm laying in bed
to tell the rest so we're staying at
Embassy Suites LAX by the airport so
it's the one on Airport Boulevard
apparently according to our genie thank
you so I mean if you guys want to stalk
us find us it's good but I mean we're
going to be leaving like on and off
throughout the rest of the week so if
you want to try to catch us go ahead and
swing by sometime our room number is
ringing our doorbell it's like we're
going to be back in the hotel most
evenings and then me and Clinton are
dumb and we get bored so we'll probably
go out and lobby anyway and do some
stuff right I'm probably teachers and
we're probably gonna go shopping again
so I don't know we're going to be all
over the place but yeah continue with
this video
Pesche what's your favorite song by Guns
& Roses and also by Big Time
we counted impossible Guns N'Roses my
favorite song is probably November rain
just I love that song I don't know they
can rush I have all their songs believe
me there's halfway there
city is ours worldwide imma have to go
with half way that I just love that one
why did you could sister hotness of your
session okay okay so people found my
YouTube tag like what tags I use bright
in my tags I have sister and then hot
because that will it takes my sister
stop yeah literally everyone said that
you thought so
well my views up to almost put the tags
in that's why I put Quentin sexy after
we're filming this very bustling hit
probably think we're sick how do you
feel that song Trump officially being
president I guess I don't really care I
don't know I feel like people worry
about it too much because people freak
out and think that he's going to make
drastic changes when he's not the one to
decide all that obviously have to go
through the whole system
I can't even vote so why would I be like
I would have voted for yourself though
y'all need to chillax
if the purge actually happens where we
keep hunting why would you cause I go
out and he'll be chopping on the top of
the skyscraper I don't know maybe
Walmart maybe a bunker I don't know I
just hope the zombie apocalypse happened
because I love The Walking Dead and
there's an episode when the streets were
completely empty and Glenn's the guy who
died you know let me guess coming home
the Asian dude he found a challenger
just like I have and it was red and he
gotten it and just sped down the highway
because they were completely empty and I
always loved that so are you actually
gay please I mean have a girlfriend
she's kind of 50 I thought she'd be a
good cover up do you have Quentin shoes
on
yes I do who would you rather date
Taylor or Tristan odds are you can sort
of do this better and kissing
and I'm I'm a pretty on his gut
get to know me so Harris or Tate you
can't hook in that position so you think
this well since K to the follow me on
Instagram or Twitter oh and she's
opposed to it is this tanner or Terrace
Tanner or Terrace well Terrace sounds
like terrorist
so they both shout horrible aren't you
protective of your sister Taylor
literally doesn't do anything wrong ever
so now you know we left Kansas to come
here to this great place but it was
literally storming all day here and we
didn't bring any umbrellas it was wet
and also as it was storming in breaking
super hard a fire truck drove by and we
were both confused
are we done with QA yeah let's put
chairs back for the biskits yeah true
guys this tripod literally sucks so bad
look at the gun put that chair back now
you delinquent yo hi you're back here
alright so like I said a Morgan Quinton
shoes and we're gonna go get new shoes
for me right now and go out and do some
stuff getting dark so we're going to try
to beat the sunset but yeah I only
brought one pair of shoes because I'm a
genius they literally feel like someone
just dumped them in a pool oh yeah
haven't shown you guys are sick rental
car I said the door on that I would
never mom this thing beautiful
we went looked out erh today and we
bought one did I win maybe if we were -
they were so nice best part about this
car I can't get out
I know yeah see that's bull crap
I can have my mommy open my door for me
redness
your acquaintance I don't have any shoes
I can wear it I think they sell shoes we
are still in the hunt
still no cool shoes I want to get
something that will actually enjoy
wearing we're going to find the clintons
your favorite slicking store everyone
sixth grade Tanner said go in and I
think you're trying on bras and I said
I'm trying on bras for my grandma he
took a picture mom oh my god it's
beautiful
we're getting this I don't care hi we
can't find the other one so don't mind
if I do
we're going to get this now I need some
shoes bro what are those so we're
looking so they have another kind of
quickly shoot those are my legs that
thing is no one has any quick bait socks
so that's stuck Quentin I need your help
regular black one cool fiery sunset your
ones either they have those at home but
as it's a be blacker excuse you I would
get this I'm going to this is a sale how
much would you
those are $60 left all right yes it's
settled oh man to save money this is
okay with that sloppy wait for me to buy
shoes do they have way cool clothes do
with it all the malls here make our
malls stuff they only have those in 11
I'm trying to narrow enough money no I
just get I need some shoes these aren't
cutting in man
actually they have some schools use of
throne you didn't go that side in sort
of force look we have a runner up guys
not quick bait but it'll have to do dad
he knows names but just old
I'm I feel like a big compliment haven't
played basketball from sixth grade by my
start again just getting out I would
suck it if you put your mind to anything
you would have walked am i right these
are the weirdest shoes I love them it's
like you with cars yo get a sick angle
my swag kick I'm trying to get it get
done you throw it
I think we're done I start my life of a
teenage dad series I'm getting them oh
my god
you didn't tell me oh I opened a store
I'm sorry
alright guys were about to leave them
all now we're up to head back to the
hotel just had dinner with everyone
that's my manager Mac and since I have
this new jacket we're going to be taking
a picture on the balcony of the hotel
whether you like it or not don't hang
off in I'll probably stand on it with
getting his hard drive of stupidity
Frank Vala doesn't work from the outside
there we go okay we are finally back we
got to take this picture
it's going to be sweet I guess I'll take
it on my phone I don't know whatever
let's do it Quentin I need your help but
I need you with me guy we're going to
need when I got you bro hitch installed
on this brand-new phone hold on go don't
make me knock down the rent I'm fine
it's not that windy no oh stop
I'm all right I look great in the one
that I'm doing is stupidest pose what's
we do this
you scare me more by going out every
time you rain in Tucson we literally do
the news I don't care what doesn't make
it better
we've only fallen off once I'm like on I
got all my way to my left butt cheek
calm down first
I don't want this truck shot
like this
by the way what helped it's my legs
entire cuz I don't do squat let me check
thee where you've got a banger we thank
you well guys that is basically after
this video I guess got some shoes got
this new jacket got them Instagram
pictures what else do we do we have swag
juice but yeah we're going to go ahead
and head to bed because we had to get up
at 3 in the morning to come here so we
got to get adjusted to the time schedule
but still not even sure what collabs
really I have going on guess we'll find
out but thank you guys so much watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace you came in
looking like that you just maybe
