what is going on guys we are back later
not before you I want the five movies in
a row oh yeah he stayed up all night
today is the day not today we're going
to California but the day we're leaving
here we're going to Kansas City for a
little bit before we fly out tomorrow
and go to California so and I still
don't pack my bag time just sitting
there I pack most of it but I still have
all my computer and camera stuff to go I
was looking for my cameras blowing in my
head and yeah we're going to go drop off
rose at my cousin's house shout out to
Lillian Logan they're going to be
watching her for the week I'm going to
miss her they grow up so fast they're
she's fat now she's OB I think I have a
doctor's appointment today well freak
another probe and I undo everything and
I'm going to say hey thanks for the
waste of time no idea what hotel we're
staying at or what we're doing but I'm
going to try to vlog interesting stuff
so this might be a shorter vlog and we
leave in two hours so I got added a
video right now I'll see you guys in a
little bit we're getting all frozen
stuff my dad is actually going to be
dropping off so we're not going to be
recording that but what's up rose hey
thanks comedian bro this is goodbye
alright we will see you later okay so I
know a lot of people are probably going
to take this opportunity to rob our
house but here's what you don't know we
have a house sitter but who cares about
that we have a rusty katana and we're
setting it right here and we're going to
put it right there and now you'll step
on it when you walk in now we're going
to go on a three-hour drive to another
part of Kansas sweet one more thing I
need oh there it is alright so you see
we have a lot of bags and at the airport
sometimes you can't tell which bags
whose because there's three black ones
in a row and they look the same
so today I'm missing the line you want
to go with a design that fits your
personality and that's unique
I did bid face I don't think anybody can
tell I'm straight painting everyone
else's - that's good enough
give me a man you want that Boyle mm-hmm
I like one more goodbye house there's
our address all you missed it and mom
back up bye guys we're going back to
school I got to go with my sister she's
to get school stuff so I'm going with
you
so for your dad like I'm back in eighth
grade series minor stuff we're going
I bought a lot of gum yeah what's the
prettiest moves you gave my biggest one
yes right so we're here now and we just
stopped by the we just stopped as a
doctor for like two hours
basically I'm getting a little procedure
thing that I've already have in a
roughly eleven and they put me under so
I get to do the whole laughing gas thing
I'll have my mom record it but as of
right now that will be February first so
I get kind of surgery and it's going to
be freaking stupid right now we're going
to shop in there heading back to our
hotel and I don't really know what we're
doing after that I'm cool all right so I
don't know if I talked about this or not
we were supposed to be going to a movie
premiere in California we were invited
in the premiere of this movie where you
get a walk on the red carpet I thought
it was going to be pretty fun well the
movie was a dogs purpose and if you guys
have been on the internet within the
past few days you know that that movie
has been cooped on a little bit right
now we don't know if they're having the
premiere or not like it all I don't feel
like getting hated alongside even though
it looks like a good movie and it's just
like a crappy situation so I don't know
what we're going to do but now we have a
free weekend so we're at the hotel by
the way no I call pristine no all right
so we're back in hotel now back in those
how we were never here we're here at the
hotel now had to edit my video at
Cheesecake Factory
hardcore medication yeah I'm trying to
do daily as much as I can but I don't
know my upload schedule might become
like Clinton's over this because I want
to be able to use some cheesecake
without happen to without the old
computer and now I have to upload it
like eight o'clock at night which sucks
I don't want to do that there's going to
be a video tomorrow I know that I just
got to decide in LA how much I want to
film how much I want to edit because I
just don't want to waste all my time no
I'm saying oh I also choose like four
packs of Hubba Bubba and my teeth are
really bad 19 depression what a day mom
we're going to go get kicked out of this
hotel good night 2 to 7 they better not
fall asleep right you know what you have
to do right
the next prank oh my god my house from
here
alright we're going to get a drink is it
open did we place on outfit okay I'm
going to I'm saying it now we came all
the way down for something BRB I was
confused I could you live you look we
made a key throw into the pool by one
and we solve the whole thing to
ourselves
I don't know if there's one guy in there
it's only five feet deep we're gonna die
Nicole it
pretty frequency I like it also it over
here guys I beat Tom Brady cattitude
oh my god really guys like Rachel a lot
of hot pants come down blends didn't get
that way
they were brutal as I can find about
everything is more fun when you're in
pain cool all right we're going to the
hot tub and we'd let you join us but
all right so that was pretty fun just
had about a 30 minute talk with the guy
in the hot tub probably the coolest guys
we closed his room so we got to talking
with them and eventually led into like
what we do and stuff so I gave him my
youtube so if you're watching this shout
out to you Mike resident yes and I have
my pants rolled up and it's cutting off
circulation from my knee and it's
stinging every time I walk oh yeah we
need to get drinks okay so in the words
of corn Makana the-- we are playing game
of confused the maid they actually
brought him up a bed though is written
have enough room already
none of it no no watch out for it oh now
courtesy on this channel of
family-friendly and with brilliant
content not too long my name is Julie
she's used to it and that's all the fun
for laga night it's 3:00 in the morning
and we're about to go to the airport and
that today's create for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it so yeah so much
Washington's up we believe like a
transman series oh and subscribing you
and I'll see you guys next one
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
