yeah Tennessee we are on the air make
yourself look alright oh yeah because I
wanted to sit on the console on my
freakin couch what did you on today we
have another challenge video we decided
we'd film one mostly well ok today I
upload a video and then later I delete
it because I don't think a lot of people
got notified it got like really bad news
and made myself feel bad so I been here
but that McLaury oh my god you know how
hard I was read Benfica came going so I
decided I was going to delete it so I
took off my channel tried it and so I
uploaded instead watch my videos now but
we're going to film this one so I guess
I technically miss an upload not really
still did all the editing for nothing
but we're back today doing the two truth
one lie challenge where we say hey
here's three things two of them are
going to be true one of them is going to
be a lie and the other two people have
to guess it so who's going first
I vote not me I vote not me by the way
we haven't thought of any of these so
far so we have to think of them as we go
which is going to take for everybody
okay fine I'll do it
I'll go first alright I actually want a
life of a teenage dad series I'm working
on the series I played guitar hero every
day for the past week and last one if I
ever get a Lamborghini I will like it
more than my own children alright which
one is a lie
the third please tell me well he said
again visa take you so long today the
first one was he once led to a teenage
dad the second one is he's played guitar
hero everyday for the week which is it
well you don't want to make your viewers
mad so I'm guessing the third one yeah
oh yeah cuz I guess one two three did is
the third yeah you guys know me so well
I would love to have a life of a teenage
bad series for one it would kill on
YouTube we would do so good too
I want kids and you want your turn white
with all this on a thumbnail facial
Queen hi um okay one was going to be I
have a good upload schedule message for
supply like I said I gotta finish
packing less hurry up I start
oh yeah we're leaving for Kansas City
tomorrow and then California day after I
have anything why he freaking
brainstorms now who likes the cat
my socks my first one is I have all a
the second one is Lauren I've been to
the emergency room third one is Euler's
real what's the lie the first one the
second one is that whether in the
emergency room one yeah that's what I'm
talking about
uh yeah it's the third one to be honest
I want to see it happen to you guys when
I the third what is the life oh let me
guess you need another 20 minutes I got
a good one I have broken my thumb I have
been to the emergency room and I had all
aids my freshman year so everyone's a
lot yeah right you actually break your
thumb
through lines would you know yeah
breaking book I'd never broken yourself
I know I gotta think of one again I've
kissed a man on the lips
I gots actually harder I've kissed a
girl on the lips
I kissed rose on the look okay the third
one come on nigga
third roses wrong I think the Roses
wrong was Quentin not married he can do
hey I can't talk to eysan yeah hey you
guys have played a different game in me
I don't have kiss y'all know it was like
this I hear here let me set the scene
they were in his bed we were in my pool
and I turn around
Jill was about to scare me or something
and the as this wet hand you look so
good to Tanner
someone can turn this into a fanfiction
oh yeah brother forget it my lip my
bottom led breast against is I feel like
I have to cover my crotch because people
are looking throw these are yours I like
them one of mine there's nothing playing
oh yeah by the way I have just a girl
what have been real things on a grill
too
if you watch the videos related their
stuff about some grills in there chasing
Cameron Turley my favorite show my
favorite color is red and I really like
macaroni and cheese the second one yeah
second one yeah that should be really
really easy
yeah true no one likes bread that's so
ugly who would wear that it's my turn I
don't see I purchase the boy that will
be your life maybe
my favorite color is blue it is so
interesting I know what car I want when
I grew up I don't know how many of them
not jar it is about a night long in and
I don't have a P o box as anymore what
is it saying about it's a second one
basically he likes cars that he doesn't
know where they are like we ever talk
about God and there's like I want an
Amber Sweeny I'm like I want some
expensive I don't know the name of it my
turn
yeah I think it's um Malcolm in the
middle is my favorite show right now
mm-hmm
my favorite show of the kid was
Everybody Hates Chris I'm gay well
that's nice through are we being serious
yeah I might as well I'm sick of it I
want my turn to be over there go the
third one right you guys got it
everyone's like post a video of you
kissing Karen parrot so everyone else
don't even know her name just carrots
right now kiss Paris interview if
everyone knows you're straight that
wouldn't prove anything people would
still think I'm gay I'm not gay
I last round you than you than me okay
no I don't know why I would go when I
did it whatever I'll go first okay I
have three okay okay mr. Google over
here can be creative okay male bees died
after having intercourse this is nothing
to do with you you perfect the Mona Lisa
has eyebrows snails can sleep for three
years oh god I don't know Mona Lisa no
she doesn't but she has to Leonardo
would not believe those out Lena know
who DiCaprio night it's the snail thing
they can't sleep for three years yeah
they can't know they can't that stupid
sure about that Tyler answer what one is
wrong
Lisa has eyebrows she has no eyebrows no
Emily yes you're right is this here on
the picture when I googled interesting
facts that she has no eyebrows whip Oh
pic give it there just been like Jacob
Sartorius mother not oh I don't have
eyebrows oh my gosh
please play westtech she doesn't every I
want to take a break real quick just to
relax commercial break everyone sing
along
there's my head on the pillow turn off
the light
right before I fall asleep and that no
astray good I forgot the rest in my hand
my head on that is okay alright alright
I suck at singing but I'm not making fun
of it
Jake is my boy Jack based on them to see
if he is actually my boy can't say hi
sure let's play some let's say I'll
answer you so there is something
important it's been a call uniting
against Jacob we're just singing your
song that's don't match hi well are you
doing Yona bus now oh we're put on your
song in this challenge video and I was
like you know what we're gonna FaceTime
TVs really answers alright oh man hi
everybody go subscribe winner or no see
there you go guys I did I'll see you
later
nice see he's a cool kid that's what I
know he is lyrics bro alright who
started mine Terrance and a lot yeah
that's the game we're playing here I
have facetimed Cameron Dallas wire I
have FaceTime to Aaron carpenter
that's my son Taylor connect Tanner
knows this order what witness Oh Taylor
you got it right you're so cool I am
cool you ever face time tanner rome
garzo actually he's a youtuber almost 2
million subscribers but I guess we're
going to hit it there I want to go take
a nap but yeah guys I hope you guys
enjoyed another challenge thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
leave like each other friends you
enjoyed subscribe to new and I begin to
feel like a rap god peace out gotcha
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me sick
