what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day I hope the Tang Clan is
smile and I hope you guys are killing it
so the first thing I did this morning
was go get another shot um yeah my mom
had to get my sister from school so I'm
walking in all alone guys the same
nurses back here at a store in another
vlog people loved you had it my left arm
last time man oh no I don't know if I
get a strum and hard on guitar here
later I might need my right arm stick it
in the left
ah are we done Thank You dis clothing
for getting me through this experience
that her and it was for HPV which is
like a virus you can get when being
sexually active I am not sexually active
my mom just thinks I am with Quinton got
the band a matches the new shirt oh and
after that I'm a member of the tan clan
at the doctor's office and he had a cool
shirt straight from the bucco hey that's
definitely my favorite shirt let's go to
let's go and now here we are current
time in the vlog and there's a another
lady here it's the same one as yesterday
are you offended by me calling you Asian
yesterday I haven't even read my
comments yet about me calling her Asian
buyers no there's gonna be some people
that aren't even Asian and they're gonna
be like hey you said that she was smart
because she was Asian
how rude these cloudy and it is sad out
yet again but today I'm guess what you
already know about thumbnail title this
lady is going to be attempting a
backflip and I'm gonna teach her of
course going back to the original series
oh crap we're gonna have to move that
giant trampoline by ourselves
call Quinton what what are you coming
over I'm filming this of course okay
never mind
goodnight I guess it's just gonna have
to stay by the neck okay Jennifer do you
have any background in gymnastics or
anything like that you just really good
at math she actually is stop using all
your energy chill out you want to give
us your best attempt at a backflip
before we get into this okay Oh God that
was crazy
okay um let's do that to where you won't
get hurt okay let me get my warm-up in
real quick fresh out of the ER
no no me too
so Jennifer was in my video yesterday
for like a brief moment but I never
really explained anything about her she
lives close to me she's in the tan clan
and she's learning a backflow that's
basically who that girl's in the tan
clan for sure because she got the merch
okay get up we're gonna get you to land
this she's got like 10 minutes for she's
gotta head out three little bounces then
you're gonna take off act like I'm not
there and then I'm gonna be there and
I'm gonna flip you over and you're gonna
land on your feet
safe and sound one two three you gotta
use your feet I'm gonna flip you over
just like I did spot the ground see it
and put your feet down one two three
yeah what the hell you see that open
your eyes and you land it bro still got
it bro
wedeck gas board and all by herself
there you go come on you can let it they
spot the ground spot the ground you
can't find it you got it you got it
spot the ground oh my god not okay
alright she hit her face no no watch out
are you getting it uh who gets that okay
goodbye Jennifer what's this project all
about huh gift-giving
gift-giving - like the cul-de-sac right
yeah Cole the nice people homemade fudge
just not homemade by me even homemade
folks oh nice so you're gonna put it
into the plate and then wrap it up nice
yeah our neighborhood has been giving us
a ton of goodies like we got popcorn
chocolate look at this big one shout out
to the neighbors let me tell you guys a
Christmas cheer around here ha ha pretty
good Quentin just arrived and he said
start recording and follow me so I'm
starting recording and I'm following him
is it something about a Corvette yeah I
did my first ever mod to it I worked on
my own car what it took like two exactly
two seconds close your eyes I'm closing
them follow my voice okay I'm coming I'm
coming
okay now look to your left and look at
it oh my god what crazy you did that all
by yourself but I try to Center it and I
was like it looks good but it's almost
Center oh yeah well my car got new
scratches and Luna tore the license
plate off of it yeah well there she
isn't he'll throw right here Luna hey oh
yeah I also learned don't get mad at
this
if you spank our dogs right they don't
yeah I know you have to hit him on the
forehead oh they're on the top look up
here look how bad this one is right here
a big scratch yeah I've had no
motivation Princess Pea I know oh I
don't even let her in here anymore and
it looks like they're growing Rose
would never do that yeah that's why I
got the car named after you go talk to
Bob go say hi I haven't seen you since
fourth grade art class you know my
brother had him on a birthday cake
whenever he was young and you guys kind
of look alike those Elf house Bob Ross
spot-on so uh while I got you here um
there's a few things that I need some
help with you know you want to like
girls again no no so there's you have
ten poster over there that wasn't my
wall boat got replaced by that picture
and I gotta put it somewhere else or we
could put my r8 license plate on I am a
car guy and a dibs model and the last
one helped me pick up my dirty room
because it got discussed again
what are you itching to do it it's an
engine to get you clean you know what
let's keep us stuck all these tasks out
oh man
Oh yo give me that back we just clean my
whole room gotta put it back it wasn't a
second you hit and oh yeah I'm magic
are you a wizard Harry yeah task number
one definitely complete we got candles
on candles on candles desk area and the
light I at least folded these and you
know fixed all that I just want to give
a huge thank you and a round of applause
to Clinton sexy McCarthy down into the
middle like that perfect wait wait that
big yellow money sign will happen Oh
boobs were fine on YouTube in like 2008
but now we're just not gonna show any of
Kate so yeah welcome to my crib this is
my basement bought it when I was 16
years old yeah should have been in the
title was it oh of course it was yeah I
was like 16 years old 16 years old I
bought all this it's not like hockey or
anything I'm saying I'm like I'm 16 I'm
actually not 16 anymore oh the posters
we can't not show this gets over Luna
great character last thing was put that
license plate on I think that'll be easy
what's just doing we're getting stuff
done out here Luna oh I've done that
before we need a hammer and a
flamethrower yeah we have to have a
Phillips head and a flathead dude quit
fooling around the hammer might actually
work with the Flathead it's actually
tucked under the plastic and everything
Quinton know we covered up Kansas like
1/4 of it I'm so busted I bet I bet
looking mad at dad yeah they actually
probably will I'm definitely gonna have
a guy check out my alright soon see if
we can get it fixed it just breaks my
heart mom this is a video that has flips
in it as Quinton like my friendship it
has my family has everything subscribe
if you haven't because this is this is
it this is what we got ah that's what I
like to see a big pile of dibs my undies
I gave dad like for Christmas ideas
Family Guy all the seasons on DVD more
Calvin Klein underwear I'm practicing to
be model and I want to somehow get a
bathroom for the Attic somehow that's a
big maybe how cool would it be if we had
like a fireman's pole Oh or would he get
a twirly staircase up into the attic or
one that goes in like an l-shaped at
some point you might just want to go
build a house on that second Wow
yeah we could build a second house on
that open lot and like connect it to the
already garage right good plan we're
gonna make it happen right I will you
know in 2017 I was like I want four
million subscribers and then I said that
I'll shave my head if I got four male by
the end of this year I'm really glad
that it's probably not gonna happen it's
just a good thing that I got really
close but now I don't have to shave my
head I would definitely do it for the
tan clam pie who remembers the last time
I did that what's up guys today yeah I
was an ugly bastard but yeah guys we're
gonna go ahead and in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoy didn't think
you had so much for watching Christmas
is so close and we're definitely gonna
be doing the round trip on Christmas
where I go to my grandparents and then
my great-grandparents basically we go to
everybody's house and we open gifts and
we all just have a good time I'm super
excited for the Christmas vlog I think
I'll be uploading it a day after this
year last year and the year before we
actually woke up open gifts and then I
edited the video and uploaded it the
same day on Christmas but this year I
think I'm just going to upload the day
after I'll have to see either way I hope
you guys have been enjoying the vlogs in
Kansas and at home I didn't end up going
to that concert with Jack Bailey and
Dylan like I was talking about it was
called rolling loud instead I wanted to
stay home just till 2017 is over
I want to soak it all up yeah I think
you guys so much watch this video and
don't leave like the friend if you
enjoyed subscribe can you and I'll see
you guys next one
you just maybe
