oh you have to live in the dream life
right now just killing your assailant
bye bye what is going on guys we're back
in today just with my scooters there's
more free promotion mom you're welcome
it's pretty good though I like it a lot
you guys probably don't even have this
where you live but yeah I spent all day
filming editing so far working on the
video I posted yesterday it's really
funny stuff you guys haven't seen it and
you guys are a little bit older probably
like 14 I don't know don't watch it
you'll enjoy it I think guys I've been
going on a Guns and Roses listening
spree over the past
I mean I've listened to them forever but
lately I literally just got all their
songs I'm trying to learn them because
if you guys watched my Christmas video
you guys know I like Guns and Roses I
got tickets to go see them in July I've
already seen them once live and I've
always loved the older music and rock
and roll and I mean I listen to all
kinds of music by it's my fav that's why
I love guitar hero so much I really need
to learn how to play the actual guitar
that'd be nice I know I didn't give you
anything
for Christmas so here you are you guys
falling out or you know she gets a
little bit angry whenever I talk about
my love for Kate Dylan understands it
all right yeah they messed up and sent
me like Kennedy's from Amazon so I have
10 of the same poster I might do another
video where I go given the strangers
maybe I'll just do it out of the
kindness of my heart he is he isn't shit
sick what did you say yeah here we go
through what Selena over my couch so it
doesn't get bent or anything there you
go
maybe I should make these like seat
covers in my car I know what you guys
are thinking right teach your girl from
the back foot well here's the thing she
can already do one which really sucks
at first I was like dude she she could
be like the one she can't do a backhoe
because then I could like use that in
the video I've always want to do that
but now guess who's gonna have to wait
on my grandpa I'll teach her a triple
front flip double backflip no what did
you do I wasn't doing it just formatted
my guitar hero I just got done saying
how I love Guitar Hero know she's done
this twice now over year over I did my
memory card we just lost everything it's
like I'm not even a guitar hero anymore
yeah what do you
really that's right hide your face in
shame all right you have fun with Kay
I'll leave you to it
depression you're on your way are you
ready all right we have four
possibilities okay
you can do it into the coca-cola pool
you can do it on the pancake cover tramp
and do it on the nasty marshmallow
frozen shrimp or you can do it in our
soaking wet foam pit that one this one's
like not even that gross that one's
probably more gross and look at that
that's really good
no it's not you want me to scrape it off
hi guys it's really cold so we're going
to try to make this quick I gotta clean
this off first though YouTube ever fails
janitor are you ready know us what you
got your fashion sense is gross all
right show us your front foot yeah I
just don't don't mess up because you're
gonna get wet and nasty I'm really gonna
mess you got it here I don't know what
your best course of action would be you
want to go into the pool or the tree
tree tree all the trappings pretty
bouncy so don't die because I told you
you're gonna die yeah run hey I don't
want it you got all over you turn around
at my warmup yeah that was your warm I
told you as bouncy did I not look it's
not split
all right kind of is I was really funny
though that one would have been there
now imagine if you were to fall off into
the poop out of it bad
I regret you can let it just don't
bounce as high you freakin rocketed I
thought you're going to die do it this
right you start them down here it might
work a little better since you're going
uphill and downhill to take a little
bounce not right my neck you're fine
there you go see you did it and I taught
her everything she knows I'm dizzy I'm
uh let's see let's see that back film
you're talking about probably start from
down here actually don't know all right
you're good what happened okay called
over welcome to the club alright so um
since you suck and you didn't tell me
you suck now I got I got a teacher now
you're gonna have to listen close okay
that's really freaking cold that you
wanted to take it bounce and throw your
arms and then once you do the backflip
land it yeah a backflip probably gonna
be a stupid idea you should do a double
I don't know if I'll fall off though
this to be safe I don't know if one to
do it nice shoes though
then don't do it get my cross home no
already watch carefully how concussion
of the day has been formed and I'm legit
seeing stars right now yeah this is not
okay that's what happens in adult
trampoline and then you try stuff that
you haven't done forever my foot is
cramping - did you get for trying to
show off tanner hold on well hey good
luck your turn yeah that's next time you
can line it just just remember what I
told you
okay throw my hands and do Bakula just
look at the ground and landed you're
fine you can do it there you go
high-five just kidding that's only for
Clinton come on down night
i legit feel like I did my brain to show
it back to second grade that hurt really
bad good job high five for real true hey
hey wow I really actually her is cold
improvements Lacey guess what happened
she landed a backhoe and I got a
concussion since you did so well on the
trampoline there you go there you go add
it to the pile
hey Bri gensoul okay we're talking about
dudes I can feel the wetness and the
pink cake on my back while I lay down
hey your hands are freezing cold
alright I'm going to let my concussion
heal obviously he has a little eye to
think I have one I'll see you guys in a
little bit that really sure
I think the next thing IG Paris is going
to be Guitar Hero and this game 10 years
old my still played all the time but
it's okay 50,000 likes and I will enter
a Guitar Hero competition I don't know
if they still do those I know they used
to but I mean I'll try hi guys my friend
Dylan is live streaming on Instagram
right now he's the guy that was here
earlier you don't know him and he won't
do the giggity thing some of the text
him so I texted him he should come up
and now we're going to go to his stream
and he said no - Tanner's talking to the
diggity I don't know if I should have
it's been a long time okay if I can get
a thousand people to watch this I call
my cell this becomes a chromosome oh no
you're already almost to a thousand
let's do it
okay guys you guys have told me to do
the Katy asking the diggity I'm still
for you hold on come on
yes are you guys ready for them now no
good I am at it's been a long time
giggity giggity giggity giggity goo I
told you guys it was fast and are you
happy now pattern very happy that I that
I did the kicking him out
good job Dylan he's still got it and if
you didn't do it on your live stream
then I would have looked like a liar oh
boy FaceTime from Dylan I mean 17 Steven
you think I'm gonna go live just to do
that I've already done it I did it in
the vine video I literally went on a
like oh my god nothing to do with your
new life and then we were like - giggity
oh my god
if the guy who plays quagmire ever dies
UN you have a job except Carlin actually
oh crap he does the whole show they're
mine
short I was okay oh yeah guys Dylan's
going to start posting on YouTube more
so go subscribe I'll leave a link down
below you better remind me because I
have a very bad habit of not putting the
links in the description I say are in
there so oh good I miss your birthday
shout-out on Instagram I was going to do
it I had the perfect caption - I was
gonna say happy 17th to 17th season oh I
know is the kissing you turned 17
that's not I'd like you in the vibe
all right so fastest diggity you've ever
down to the vlog take it again
oh yeah by the way you know how that one
video when you jumped in my pool you
know that mean I was like my most food
video this month so I think it's only
fair I mean like I give you all the rest
of the candy that I have well you want
me to bring it to your house right now I
guess we did it like 1.6 million views
in my week or analyst I don't even know
I on my way yeah it's freaking cold out
here Dylan you better appreciate this if
you guys were wondering yeah my back
seats still full of fan mail I'm really
lazy I've been bringing in like one box
every time I get out of my car and
barely even got any out I'm first of all
Guns N Roses
what are you doing what the candy and
there is some some lottery tickets that
I never used from Christmas so skittle
we're showing a best uh beginner one you
know I looked up I looked up skittles
and bathtub just that in years with the
top video Oh out of old people is on she
sounds good to me
I don't know how to play we have fun
with them don't know yeah to be
continued still doing win the lottery I
thought well I found the original all
the what Pat I found it benefited about
me
no thank you hi guys we were back home
now and of course still repping the
Christmas sweater I don't care if it's
January still like one of my favorites
just so comfy ok but before I in this
vlog I wanted you guys to know that
Paris and I are actually dating now I
said in my video about her that I wasn't
going to make a big deal out of it and I
wasn't going to do like a bunch of
videos and of course it's still going to
be my channel I'm still gonna make
whatever videos I want but I realized if
she is in my life and this vlog and this
channel is about my life and it's not a
bad thing if I put her in my videos and
a lot of you guys were like sceptical
and I can understand where you're coming
from but I've been talking to her
whatever since like November so it's not
like this just happened I'm pretty sure
I know what I'm doing kind of maybe
probably not if for some reason you
really dislike the idea of me having a
girlfriend you don't have to watch those
I don't know why you'd be upset about
that but yeah I got to keep you guys up
today out of my life because you guys
are my life as well thank you guys for
being there for me and hope you guys all
had a good day today and thank you guys
so much for watching this video don't
forgive and share the fun if you enjoyed
subscribing you and I'll see you guys
the next one peace out
my thought you came in looking like that
you just made me
