hey hey Quentin set that time of day
where we confuse people as if we're
getting off woman OH
what is going on guys we are back and I
didn't film a video yesterday but I'm
still uploading day because we just woke
up really early to film this one
so - too early yeah yeah we were gonna
film this last night but we're going to
try to get up and get going so this
video has been requested by a ton of you
guys for a long time and I was going to
film it a long time ago like three
months ago but I went on this app called
Wattpad where people can write stories
about you called fanfiction and I looked
at it a long time ago I haven't been on
they're all recently I just read down
loaded the app and last time I got on
there was only like three or four
stories so and they were bad so I guess
I'll just go with the most viewed ones
because I really don't know wit it wait
we're gonna start with this one's called
roses and I see the word raped and I do
not continue okay and then maybe didn't
that rap I'm gonna go ahead and move on
mm-hmm let's find some about me and
Quentin that's what we're here for
no one flips for you ages eighteen plus
we're not even 18
um there's Tanner's POV and then
Quentin's POV so do I get a read mind
you get a read yours hey do not knock
over my she always turns off my xbox
Quentin and I are doing flips and tricks
on the trampoline
it's a midsummer day and it's about 87
degrees Fahrenheit damn I'm getting hot
ready Quinn says I think to myself dang
I want his body but he would never go
gay for me as I out loud odd accident
What's Wrong Quinn that's nothing I was
lying straight Tuesday okay Quentin
replies there's only been one sexual act
committed by us Quentin's b.o.b
angkatell Tanner was lying about nothing
being wrong but I couldn't help but
stare off into his sexy face who said
that I mean I just can't help I watched
a nerd take off his shirt I was so
turned on by his sexy body
I couldn't resist but to look at his
sweat dripping down his body repeatedly
Quentin Tanner says I didn't hear him
Quentin
Tanner says again more loud more loud
on Elm is louder I snapped back to
reality huh
I say all confused are we going to
continue flipping I don't think we have
at that time where we put it we're going
to continue the drill I say in a quiet
voice I'd rather fuck you why does that
mean
what was that kid is best about it
nothing I say lying you can't lie and
say it straight to someone's face it
doesn't work oh I want to have
intercourse with you mad what no nothing
I don't want to flip anymore I went to
Qi he's only said aloud and really loud
and then it ends yes J by we're reading
stories about me winter gay but we're
really not hey hey hey oh here's one
this is bromance and it must be catering
Quentin had been secretly in love for
two years now and longer than that it
hasn't been a secret even Tanner finally
had Quentin make a YouTube channel
because everyone was getting curious as
to why they spent so much time together
now when they were hanging out they can
say they are just filming what we still
mall right Oh every time Quentin comes
over for some Tanner time they can put
his blog the bedroom door so that Taylor
or mrs. stronger will not accidentally
walk in on their sexual behavior
currently it is a Tuesday night at 11
p.m.
couldn't just arrived at Tanner's and
receives a quick Peck as you slides down
tanner's window well actually in Monday
morning and 8:30 a.m. okay come we woke
up at 7:00 to get ready y'all not be
here only I'm coining giggles and roll
Tanner over onto his brand-new couch
we're on that right now look sweetheart
as I continue to kiss we need to let
Roselle she's Barbra Jean
be right back it starts to get a little
bit more intensive Quentin flips his
strong sexy tongue right down Tanner's
long and lovable throat who has ever
described it through as long and lovable
Oh
your tongue is the strongest muscle in
your body yeah it starts getting sweaty
so Quentin rips off his shirt
Tanner furiously starts licking all of
the sweat off Quentin sexy abs you guys
have weirder minds and we do I at least
replace Tanner was a female there are
something like that don't worry oh good
okay we'll go to a straight one after
this huh Quentin makes a deep groan as
Tanner's tone makes it as Center makes
his way down to Quinn's crotch with it
he slowly begins rubbing Quentin's veiny
muscular wit he knows and loves more
than I don't like this one
whoever is this one man's problem all
right no more reenacting we're just
going to read now so you want to read
one now about you and I'll read what
about me if you want a muscle man or my
best friend a little muscle man there
you go Oh give me popcorn I'm 15 a
sophomore in k-12 online school I had to
move from Oklahoma what the yarn Kansas
because my depression my grandpa died
when I was in fifth grade we moved in
sixth grade because my depression has
attracted fresh I've had they started
trend I ignored everyone even my best
friend you forgot a comma at one point
off I lost a lot of friends back in
sixth grade
Beckham's excursion we moved here to
Augusta my mom and dad decided
homeschooling would be best for me I
have no friends in Augusta well I guess
I actually you have friends for actually
trying to get support Quentin
Dylan play me you me you Dylan in her
imaginary friend Quentin Dylan Taylor
and Tanner Owenton was that one that
always muscular strong and powerful and
smart as he thought
Tanner was the YouTube one always on
YouTube or making a video for youtube
Dylan Taylor with a normal baseball it's
true actually how do you like that is
now just keep scrolling down there
that's it
that's it yes I mean his pie chart again
that means she appoints off her link uh
yeah
Rebecca's POV Rebecca called my mom from
downstairs can you come here really
quick yeah I'll be down in a sec I say
as I'm walking downstairs we're moving
to Kansas she says happily what I can't
I was kind of shocked we can't move I
don't want to we have to move she says
sadly I got a new job
please go pack we're leaving tomorrow
morning at 10:00 what mom says
oh yeah we're leaving tomorrow morning
yeah you know everything you own get in
the box or leaving fine I say running to
my room to pack as soon as I get to my
room I call all my friends and tell them
the big news they were all sad that I
was moving when I'm done telling
everyone I get a few suitcases and boxes
to put my things in I put my books that
were in my bookshelf
why do you read those in other boxes I
put random things I had around my room
all right the stories Louis about her
back and finally I finished packing area
I can't believe I'm moving tomorrow I
hated myself quietly but you can't could
you just got told I pull out my phone
and look at the time it was 4:20 p.m.
it's starting to get late so I decided
to go to bed Rebecca I can hear my mom
saying I wake up and look at my phone to
see what time it is it's 8 a.m. and we
leave to tend to get to the airport
start getting ready my mom said we have
a long day today I decided to get up and
change I put on a pair of sweatpants and
sweatshirt because we were only going to
be on a plane and unpacking all day
before I know it it's time to leave the
plane line is really long and boring so
I slept the whole time when we got to
our new house I noticed the neighbors
have two trampolines in their backyard
but you three work for something even if
I go up to my new room and start
unpacking when I hear a knock on the
door I decided that I'll answer the door
because my mom is probably in the
kitchen unpacking or something hello I
say hi the girl says she looked about a
year - younger than me my name is Taylor
I live next door
and my yeah my sister would never do
that
hi I
neighbor oh hi Taylor my name is Rebecca
I say hi she says laughing it's nice to
meet you Rebecca it's nice to meet you
too say where I say would you like to
come in I asked her sure she says my
sister is not this social yet even I'm
going to walk right into a stranger's
home I lead her to the kitchen to
introduce her to my mom mom I say this
is our neighbor Taylor she came over to
introduce herself
nice to meet you Taylor I'm Emily
Rebecca's mom nice to meet you too Emily
Taylor says read the word we're junior
family like to come over for some dinner
tomorrow night my mom asked Taylor I can
go out on mom and come back and tell you
well Lisa after you listen he's gonna be
like yeah sure we're comin by I'm
sitting down like this I'm tired
oh she gives me her number I gave her
mine I'm happy that I already made a
friend for only being here a few hours
she gets back to my house and she tells
her mom that my her mom her when she
gets back to tell when she gets back to
her house to tell my mom that's her mom
said I just confusing when she gets back
to her house what are you saying she
headed back to her house and that was a
yes for dinner then I bring her upstairs
to my room we both stood on my bed and
we talked I'm so tired do you want to
read the rest oh I'm acting it out over
here so I'm reading so messed up she has
two brothers one of them named tanner is
16 like me and Tristan is 18 apparently
Tanner has a YouTube channel with 1.5
million subscribers while 2 million I'm
really happy that I made friends with
her I decided oh yeah you'd like to use
me for the YouTube fame like everyone
else
Quinton came around last year I saw that
he has subscribers like all envious
number one subscribe if you want to send
a nicer we can talk to more I asked her
sure she said let me go tell my mom you
want to come you could meet my family a
little early then we can come back here
sure I say as we were walking she said
Tanner probably has two friends over
Dylan and Quinton just a heads up she
said giggling okay that's fine and then
that's Ben is it I don't climax to the
story yo that was only the freaking that
was one of eleven none of that means to
be in the video okay basically she moved
that's
there's a whole thing about tech dude
they must have spent freakin 69 hours on
that I'm just going to read my point of
view Taylor just came and introduced the
neighbor and she's really pretty
do you want to hang out here and go find
Tristan earth to Tanner Dillon says
snapping his fingers in my face dude you
were just staring at Rebecca Quentin
whispers do you like her I just met her
I say but she is really pretty
I whisper only loud enough for Quentin
and Dylan to hear me she is Yoda like
part sick we all agreed on truth or dare
it was all going well Rebecca
truth or dare Jayden who's James what is
Ollie mr. bard yeah we did our part 10
of 11 out there I said worst mistake
ever all right I dare you to kiss me he
said I stare blankly at him he knew I
was dating Tanner now
oh what a new citizen Jaden no lettuce
Oh Dayton's a boy apparently let's
pretend Jaden's a girl I can't do this I
looked at Tanner and he had sadness in
his eyes let's play a different game I
said trying to get out of that there no
I dare the Dare now do it Josh said who
is Josh what the hell you guys made up a
lot of people we didn't read the ten
chapters yeah come on Jaden said fine I
went over and kissed Jaden for a second
really Josh you had to make me do that I
killed it Josh while I dare is a Jerry
said we stopped playing truth or dare I
say Taylor I am so I had it all I had
this morning with this sprite this one
looks like some Chia fight dude ends off
with I realized Quentin was the one to
help me through everything
I like Quentin I like I win I guys well
um let's be clear here me and Quinn are
gay are not can't never have been
probably wilt neither will be I did the
girl in the end guy there's going to be
stories about Paris tonight and then I'm
going to read them and be like well guys
I hope you enjoyed whatever this was
it's the morning so we're not really
into it yet but it's not on my drugs
yeah we're going to go to IHOP and get
warmed up for the day and I'll film
another video so I hope you guys enjoyed
it and don't forget to leave like and
share and friends if you enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
the next one peace out it ain't my fault
that those stories were so messed up
say huh or confused huh all confusion
I'm so ready it's cold in here bro close
this
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
