what is go on guys we're back and today
we're going to be going and looking at
some of my old vines many of you guys
probably didn't know that I made any
vines in the past but I got the app
pretty much right when it was made and I
used to make really stupid vines I never
had the intention of like getting
popular on there I just made them
because it was funny and I was in
seventh grade at a time so they should
be pretty interesting to look at I was
looking at a few of them last night with
Quentin that's why I got the idea to
make this video so I have seen some of
them but I haven't seen a lot of them
and they're not like relatable vines run
like oh when your mom comes home and you
didn't do the dishes like they're just
stupid as you guys know vine is closing
down and I went on the app on my phone
the other day and it said that you had
to download your videos before they
closed the app in a few days so I
downloaded all my old vines I have them
on my computer right now and we're going
to go ahead and take a look at them
please don't look at me any differently
after I'm a full grown man now
responsible adult alright so the first
one is me doing a voiceover of my TV me
and my friend Dylan a lot of you guys
know who Dylan is we were watching WWE
on my TV and let's just watch I remember
kids at my school got ahold of these
maybe that's why people made fun of me I
was just showing my creativity through
whatever that was they were just jealous
so that was my first vine ever I'm not
sure why I continued but there's a lot
more so here we go there's even more ww1
by the way we just we just screamed over
these frickin WWE people but if you ask
me it went pretty well with it so oh
this is the worst this one is the
trendiest one I remember it I was such a
dumb kid this one me and my brother were
on the trampoline in my cousin's house
and we were acting like we were riding
brooms and you're supposed to look like
you're flying and then we yeah
why did I ever do that hopefully if you
get better as we go I'm sick of looking
at the Corinne G ones okay I want some
funny one what is this
go to step back real quick why why why
would I do that and why would I put it
on the internet I was actually going to
go reenact it but I don't have any nurse
bullets anymore that was a pretty ripped
kid I wouldn't mess with myself I had
the same haircut as Velma from Scooby
Doo
legit looks like I have a biker helmet
on alright this one's me and my sister
we tried to reenact this popular vine of
this kid they got mad when someone was
messing with them here's the original
yeah it was all for fun though like I
actually loved this app and I love
making these they're just really dumb so
yeah
nice and here's what I found out you
could do magic tricks by snapping I
didn't even have my thumb up in the next
one like right if I snap my hands gone
too so I just disappear in my hand - oh
here's another one
my mom struck again with the thumb and
just snapping my whole hands gone - oh
no no no no no no no the State Fair like
I did this and there was people around
me maybe I was trying to become vine
famous that's the greatest thing you've
ever seen in my life it's one I'm alone
left alone what was that at the end
there I would have punched myself oh my
hair is on point here I oh yeah that's
right when you put a trash can in the
corner and then throw a water bottle
behind you and there's two walls that
lead directly into the trash can it's
pretty big deal Savage here's what I
sucked it flips just doing some random I
don't even know I captioned this one
spider-man I was hanging on the chin up
bar my ride had come down and this was
in Florida cotton ball Oh Oh God I think
I was legitimately scared that someone
was going to get me in trouble when they
found that cotton ball on there
terrorists water bottle trout I was a
very bored kid this one was like one of
my favorites that I made this was a
Disneyland and it was rainy so we went
and slid on the concrete check it out
Alex listen slut and the monsters are
doing whatever that was
I look like an alien Tanner you still
look the same now you ugly pieces no
okay I do not look like that and I don't
know how a guy didn't wake up I talk
pretty loud
I was very ugly alright so this one me
and my friend Dylan again we're trying
to do a water prank we planned it out
and I was just going to throw water on
him but I was looking through my phone
and I still missed it's pretty bad y'all
come here I missed from two feet away
and threw it at my door and then got
yelled at look at villain
we were vaping at a young age Brown yes
this is when we started pranking Dylan
we still have cups of water and just
throw it on and when he's sleeping some
of these were really funny because these
are actually funny vines that I'm not
going to cringe when I look back at
unlike most of the others than me didn't
me and Quentin started doing it I was
pretty funny we just kept getting more
and more water as well he basically
slept on the floor when the pop you
never drank expired so you have to dump
it out so relatable Oh some more flips a
little cooler than the ads a last one
there let's see what else we got what
the I was just throwing myself around no
idea what I was doing those really good
old days though wait remember in my
video like two days ago with the beanbag
I told Dylan we were going to do a
parkour run like we used to and there
you go there you have it I think I still
have it finally can hold this
that's not hard anyone can do that I
don't know why I made such a big deal
about it there's real that hit I
freaking hurt my hand whenever I slapped
that thing I remember good for divine
this is Quentin franking his little
brother I could have made a big on vine
if I would have just kept doing sleeping
pranks this is Dylan oh my god Big Time
Rush was on in the background of that
that's where my love for them formed
yeah this is the quizzes when Quentin
was trying to learn split we would just
throw ourselves in the flips we had no
idea what we were doing but I kinda did
they had no idea look like a fan dude is
jumping in so long
show yourself I'm free
he's actually so funny is it did this
one I want to go get something out of my
freezer once and the handle broke off so
I put it back on and then I recorded me
doing it or maybe it was because I'm so
strong yeah that's it little trickery
I still say freak today so there's not
much I can say there I just can't say
the other word I have kids that watch me
apparently I used to hide in the genes
pretty sure every kid did that to be
honest that's what I did whenever my mom
on for our shopping sprees in my DF died
mom I have a confession I've never
kissed a man she goes I'd hope not sorry
mama that confession has been fulfilled
Wow dude that was released as a giggity
of FAMILY GUY this is when we just
started watching family guy so me and
villainous type competitions who could
say giggity the fastest get a giggity
giggity giggity giggity giggity giggity
giggity was way faster as your Cataldi
practice and I guess that's basically it
because every one of them after that is
just flips although there's one more
villain we were weird kids and we still
are but yeah I guess that basically does
it for reacting to my old vine I think
it's pretty clear now why I never made
it on vine pretty glad I became a
youtuber I think it just suits me a
little bit better but hope you guys
enjoyed watching those with me a little
painful but thank you guys so much for
watching and don't forget to leave a
like and share the fun if you enjoyed
subscribe to know and I'll see you guys
in the next one
peace out
great giant kid not once you get spit
what
I thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
