what is going on guys we are back in
today I'm going to be doing a bit of a
vlog day just because I kind of want to
just talk I still villains beanbagged if
like the companies thing in the world
he's definitely not getting it back but
the weather today is just so crappy to
check it out it's just blew me it's
freezing cold and there's supposed to be
an ice storm tonight and I'm the only
one home like this is in school my
brother's at work my moms at work so
it's been a boring day I got in my car
and drove around for like two and a half
hours earlier I was just that bored and
that's what I do I just get bored I go
in my car I blast music a nice drive
around and in those two half hours I've
been doing a lot of thinking and you
guys know I love Lamborghinis right you
know that's my car I've always talked
about those that if I could ever get my
dream car it would be an azure blue
lamborghini aventador
it's been my background screensaver for
years as long as I can remember I have
like 20 of them on my bed and just tons
of models that you guys have sent me
thank you for that and I thought I'd
give you guys my thoughts on a new car
so I'm guessing most of you guys already
know that I Drive it's dirty right now
but my 2014 Challenger 100th anniversary
edition
I've always loved those cars and was one
of my goals to get it so I'm very
grateful that I have it I told myself
that I would go from a Ford Mustang to a
challenger to a Lamborghini
but for one we're buying a house right
now so I'm definitely not going to be
buying a new car let's just not even
like on the agenda like it's going to be
far down the road I have way more things
I need to worry about than buying a car
I have one that I love right now that it
works perfectly fine and I have a lot of
other things I want to get taken care of
before I get to that point nobody in
Kansas owns a Lamborghini I've seen one
Lamborghini my whole entire life in
Kansas and he's this owner of this old
company it's like a giant company but I
don't even know how he owns it because
there's no Lamborghini dealerships near
here and four Lamborghinis you have to
get your oil change like every 2,500
miles or something like that it's like
not very much it might even be 1,500 but
most cars are 5,000 miles until you have
to change it again and from what I've
seen the closest one to us is in Texas
and you would use all of those miles to
get there so like wouldn't work so I've
been thinking a lot about what would be
my second choice you know what
dealership around here would actually
work and there's one youtuber who I've
watched for a really really long time
and I absolutely loved his car
can you guess it anybody it's phased
rain and his Audi r8 2017 v10 plus so
beautiful you guys don't know what that
car looks like here's a clip right now
so they're absolutely beautiful cars and
we actually haven't had any dealership
around here so I would actually be able
to take care of the car and like I said
is probably going to be a bit down the
road but you know I've just been
thinking a lot but yes Lamborghini will
still happen sometime in my life I will
work as hard as I have to
lamborghini aventador will be mine that
will be when I live somewhere else I
don't plan to stay in Kansas my whole
life just because I want to go out and
explore I'm probably going to have a
home in LA sometime my life I firmly
believe at this point who knows what if
I do get a Lamborghini it will probably
be in like California because you just
can't really have one here but besides
cars I think we're going to be getting
ready to move into the new house soon
and by getting ready I mean packaging up
all of our stuff because we have a ton
of stuff plenty of boxes from fan mail
and then over the next month we're going
to get it all packed up and ready to go
I'm so so so hyped to show you guys this
new house I'll tell you one thing about
it right now okay one thing only
okay everyone has plenty of room okay
this might sound like I'm being
unreasonable or something but everyone
has plenty of room trust me you will see
my bedroom in this new house is going to
be in the basement just like it is now
but this bedroom is like four times
bigger than my current one like this
room is fine for me I love it but all
the Kate Upton posters are going to fit
I could order like 30 more they would
all fit I can make the ceiling plenty of
room for fan art wall the bathroom my
room connects to a bathroom just like it
does now but that bathroom is like as
big as my room now I cannot wait to show
you guys it's crazy the backyard is just
so beautiful everything that we have
here we're going to have there besides a
nasty foam pit and an in-ground
trampoline maybe we will put one on the
ground I doubt it though I told you guys
before I was going to be ordering this
insane trampoline haven't ordered it yet
just because we thought we're going to
be moving in one place and we didn't but
I will be ordering that soon and that
will be awesome for the new house I will
make tons of videos with that definitely
going to do the indoor trampoline videos
and my plan is keep making daily videos
and show you guys everything and make
awesome new stuff and my 1 million
plaque is still sitting over there on
the ground have not put it up I'm
probably going to weigh if I do ever get
the Audi r8 which I still have no idea
maybe they'll build a Lamborghini
dealership here probably still going to
be getting that same color blue or
really close maybe Chrome I don't know
but if that dream ever comes true like
you guys are all getting a ride in it
I'm going to go pick each and every one
of you up I promise ok leave a comment
right now with your address just getting
down to that honestly yeah I would
probably make a video picking up fans
that would just be fun just do not want
to wait for this new house but there are
some fun stuff happening
we movin in-house okay I'll be going to
Los Angeles the 20th of this month I'm
going to Kansas City than 19th because
I'm seeing a doctor there and we're also
staying in a hotel overnight and then
flying out of Kansas City so that should
be pretty fun it's just a direct flight
no stops cannot wait every time I fly to
LA from here we have to stop in Texas or
somewhere and then change planes that
sucks we have a sick hotel booked in Los
Angeles I'll be making videos there
right now I have one for sure collab
lined up maybe I'll get some more I'm
not too sure yet I get there on a Friday
and I'm pretty sure I leave on a
Thursday I have meetings all but like
one day but hopefully I can sneak away
and go to the beach or do something fun
I'll find some videos to make there
maybe have to do some challenges it'll
just depend on how busy we are because I
don't know our exact schedule yet we'll
get it figured out though and it'll be a
fun trip but I haven't made one of these
videos in a little while just talking to
you guys long overdue because sometimes
I get tired of making the same videos
probably my favorite videos to make are
the ones where I just get to sit down
and talk to you guys so I hope you enjoy
them sorry if they're boring go watch
them my other one and sorry for the
clickbait but that's all YouTube is
anymore I don't know guys should I
change my background to an Audi r8 I was
thinking about reading dirty fanfiction
with Quentin but he wasn't really
feeling it and neither was I and and
that'll just furthered the rumor that we
are gay with each other so I don't know
maybe I will make that video maybe I
won't not today though and the last
thing I wanted to talk to you guys about
is with my upload schedule and daily
videos I'm in like a really good grind
right now I wake up edit film and every
time I think about taking the day off
and I just don't want to like I need to
make a video or else my day is just
boring or I wasted a day maybe I will go
off 2017 making a video I don't know the
only way I will miss an upload as if I'm
like super super sick and I can't I go
somewhere where there's absolutely no
Wi-Fi which I doubt that will happen I
got a hot spot oh my mom
hello hello watch that I'm filming a
vlog of me talking okay um I don't know
what you were doing for dinner I was
gonna drive here get some a bus for me
to pick them up for you I'll be going
right by Panda Oh pancakes might sound
so good I got on that right now would
you get me a medium sprite too
I will thank you love you bye oh yeah
guys hold on with me a little bit longer
we're going to be getting in the new
house soon and everything will be great
yeah guys that is basically this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it I hope you guys
are all having a good day thank you so
much everyone starts at the end and
don't forget to leave like and share the
fence if you enjoyed subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace out
oh hey guys real quick before I end this
vlog I got to tell you guys one more
thing okay so you guys remember me
talking about my murderer neighbor over
there live over there well they actually
caught the guy this morning in Mexico so
I mean at least he's not here hey mom
remember our murderer neighbor they
caught him in Mexico thank you mom for
cleaning out my bed Thanks love you
I'll be helping after I shower and fake
this thumbnail you wanna help me with my
thumbnail let me fix this before we do
that well I'm ready I got to go show
Andrew my new Audi already shrunk
already mm-hmm
thanks mom your mom's got fun I want to
go get that outie Yeah right one where
can I get it though thank you okay yeah
I could probably learn how to drive
before I get
my thought you came in looking like that
you just maybe
