what's going on guys today we're doing
something I've talked about doing for a
little while now it is the British p.o
box opening well we have to talk like
this is it is that even British yeah I
go I see there's like all different
kinds of tea I didn't see packets there
and they had like just on a bunch of
jugs so I got all the jugs and we're
going to dump them in my bath today
but before we're going to take a
commercial break scooters I'm gonna hand
you some tea and you felt some tea into
that I mean I'm gonna hand you some say
and you go ahead and dip it on in the
tub a what do you think your female
viewers would think of it I remember how
I open for the next little God Wow
steamy oh yeah oh my god that went
everywhere dude it came off the side
yeah
all right no more refer to a cue that
looks like diary all by the way it's
Quentin's birthday today so happy
birthday but when you guys are watching
this it's the day after my birthday so
don't spam look how people think you
conquer Union knife yeah this videos not
to offend any British people
I actually think your accents are way
cooler than ours to a Phillips alien
people you're not cool enough to have a
accent we minute I've never met a mean
British person I've never met a nice one
I've never met wanted look at that
smooth dreamy it's smells like those
little packets of them oranges and them
or whatever taking the torch there you
go birthday boy that's what you good-bye
me
let's work just a career is how many
doesn't smell like oranges from
Grandma's house
like you know the organismal tub no oh
it smells like it but this will like
wrongs you for some reason maybe cuz I
said torch you know I've never
voluntarily drink tea and I don't plan
what you do I didn't like tea years are
weird mom this was like syrup not seen
last to last - OH
are you tired loser I bet this isn't
even warming why would you want that
whenever you have a perfectly good drink
right here yeah I can pee in this nobody
will know just like a weird feeling you
got your nice yeah yeah I get month acts
oh I don't like this
oh god it's cool dude turn on the hot
water 1000 degree nights
we're just fan mail oh that's no you
wait Koreans do quick whoa hold on hold
on
I John ahead okay man tall such a sticky
sensation ready are you ready
I mean are you ready you can see some of
roses hair that was on my shorts and now
in the bathtub she is right you have to
do it you're at am L right oh come on
red eyes stop take a little things with
you take a swig I did with grow it oh
yeah
swish around up swallow it and let's get
to work but I just spent $50 on tea for
you to do that huh
the first one I'm going to open here is
actually a smaller package it says on it
my nights off so there's better be a
nice inside of the day so it's what I'm
going to abuse is this one this no not
even here these are blue raspberry and
Terry ghost pepper candy hey you want to
try that for your birthday I want the
blue there's a dead guy in the front
we're gonna die frog these are from the
same people that made the toad Satan
there's a 50% chance of death you build
up what is this huh
you took that off hygena i mean dog
there's a nice catalog nothing all that
means is a knife oh yeah flashlight
that's not a knife so that's Oh tonight
that doesn't say a knife comes with a
knife thing Oh kind of right I like that
Thanks buckaroo ha ha giving your
comminute
it smells just like the toe it looks
I just looked a little tiny to you how
due to this it doesn't hurt like glass
all right what's about trying on your
rating oh my god has little flakes of
pepper additi see it Pizza Hut no it has
little flakes of easiest pie ready hey
hey Fayed going alright right now ten
runs a little bit yeah I'm waiting
ah already head like that one of the
tourists down my throat now that my
convertible not a bad suit oh not as
long as you come it's my birthday I'm
not doing it okay what my birthday's
right around the corner there's only
like five bucks okay can you join that
little ghost pepper hey but wait to your
family that hot because I was going to
eat at my dress this one is from hey
rose don't get in bed this is for Kyra
whoa whoa you're amazing tubular dude
thank you well what is this
walkie-talkie fan though we can walk and
talk to each other from far distances
see how well they work in the back is
the candy mean oh we have flashcards
it's like being back in school I hope
you enjoy the present for you and Quinn
you were my favorite youtuber and I have
been the subscribers in 5000 I love
watching your videos with you and coin
then your siblings and I really love
your channel this is kind of cool for
some pure duct tape go to this sugar in
it thank you
I see a poster in this poster - I see
shape on the top that looks very oh
there's a lot of sweets and then oh yeah
by the way I forgot to tell you
everything in this field box opening is
yours if you want it so super standard
and game like you can have all that
candy if you want well I was going to
eat it in alright now this poster will
come out oh oh oh
there's nothing else oh okay shifter
lever Dino and I was coming to eat it's
a Lamborghini
did it small and this to you this is the
same one here grab the side I can't my
hands are well I think it's upside down
this oh all I down up is it purple yeah
it is first purple language right thank
you
please dude are they good yeah what is
it caramel no raspberry oh my gosh it's
something good queer hands are cold
no homo bro we're going to do the accent
no hello hey I don't know if their chops
process was here you cannot be smallest
case image enter my name is denim like
spam like the jeans I love your videos
and I help me get through some tough
times I love you and my mom says I'm
addicted you get brown eyeliner backs
with because of you please read in video
thank you for being you
well thank you for being you and
everything that I say it's nice and now
because I am Inquisition Oh someone's
with me a gun it's a real-life gun night
boom I'm staying the night tonight they
said a GoPro attachment Robert duck you
know we all have a duck yet I never
played Pokemon how do you do it
Wow okay oh what's this you have a lot
more like fun I know Logan room all
night president didn't come all
disapprove roll up I'm coming in baby
yeah we roll up okay I take that back
about you could have it all
what oh you can cut my roll up real life
fruit ninja in the back dong roll with
machete icy breath okay mister your
words
I got another Rubik's Cube oh you got no
don't let it fall for all viewers let me
it's nigger than gushers you know I'm
kind of glad I didn't completely break
system all comfortable arm is out of s
position they put diet there because we
sell the whole bass without diet and
then wait are we doing thank you
funny so I got and they put Duke squad
in the mega quad it's Hannah brown guard
Lamborghini
my shorts were getting cold on and take
them off it's getting cold
guys Nathan
oh well that myself yeah dude I'm not
getting back are you funny
we got a sock dude
dick an iPhone gotcha it's a Lamborghini
you know I'm feeling this money I
remember cream juice no no we're thank
you for the cars bro thanks man
oh dude it's a buck not a box
we'll play by some little fan art and we
have a bow on it too
good job would you do with Quentin bro
deported wait he's in a circuit Bachman
Russell of is that one no these are
actually cool son what there's words for
you to read I'm taking nice tat up in
here I say no I'm not he's like story
coming back to you oh oh is it some
British came out and didn't try thank
you
what is that your key you know I think
you should be Donald Trump for the
thumbnail all the blowtorch and you hold
the machete
you go girl thumbnail we're gonna fake
it there's no packages but there's a
dozen probably stinky up Tinky up I
think we're good to go
I'll hold it me do it are you talking
about your snapshot but he's our friend
isn't me I mean I was not about I don't
want to Secret Service coming to my
house put in the water let's burn this
rubber duckie put them on the tip you're
gonna get on there no here let me heat
at the bottom of already is smell there
you do g r8 oh my god it looks like a
lava Joel I'm gonna quit wait Wow it is
gonna stand off oh well guys that is big
river this video I hope you guys enjoy
it
Seton's it 1 3 4 5 - 1 thank you guys so
much devil especially and don't forget
to leave a like and share interviews joy
to subscribe me new some won't stop my
girl and we'll see you in the next one
quit it quit 1 2 3
please I'm in a mob guys we forgot three
things of tea and corns in a shower so
alright let's do it
dang it alright redo it redo it I'm
gonna dump it on your feet
what
now I'm sorry my thought you can't look
like
