what is it going on guys we're back and
today we're actually going outside of my
room I know I've been in my room quite a
bit lately but today still got a bit of
sunlight probably another hour and a
half so we're going to be using that
okay I promise
and it's been super nice lately you guys
remember me telling you it's been
freezing in my vlogs like single digits
it's been like single digits have not
wanted to go outside at all well lately
it's been up in the 50s so I decided
we're going to go out and film something
today
I left my shirt my car I need to go get
that but if you guys watched yesterday's
Q&A I said that my mom's restaurant
opens today after I said it opened in a
week but we're going to go check it out
right now
give me a second okay you can quit type
in your comment all right but yeah we're
starting this vlog a little bit late
today because I went to the doctor
earlier and they still haven't found an
answer for my size of course not
surprised but he did give me this
medicine that supposed to help with the
pain whenever it happened I haven't
tried it out yet well this is my side
hurts next I'm gonna try it out
hopefully that isn't soon I'm waiting
for my friend Dylan to call me back
right now I think we're going over to
his house I don't know if we're going to
be staying there but I want to do
another video with the bean bag because
you guys seem to like those videos
whenever we take his giant bean back and
do flips onto them it's nice out and
that's fun so we're going to go try to
do that right now we have a giant bean
bag here but it's not as fluffy and we
need to unplug one all right we are here
I'm kind of driving in the dirt but I
can do whatever I want got to get Dylan
a smoothie - then we're heading to his
house it's a great juice how can I help
you can I have a small strawberry
smoothie and a small wild berry smoothie
would you like what's your mama today
No thank you all right yeah the window
thank you thank you nice people they'll
probably stop caring as much as time
goes on but hey thank you but now we are
heading to Dylan's house and I'm driving
with no hands right Dylan alright that
was there before I did that
thank you ahh I licked it are you ready
to go are you living that YouTube life
enter them out Oh what does that email
say there buddy
nothing I'm trying to set up my answer
so now change your ways now look we got
to go don't worry I got to learn I got
put into this that is not worth it's
going to get dark soon I have a freaking
haircut in one hour we're going to take
your bean bag and bring it to my house I
don't have very much room because of fan
mail but we're
into our bed JA be back speaking to you
I know let's do it there's no room in my
car we're going to have to use yours
let's go get the bag of beans I just got
done saying how warm it was it is not
one it is cold there you go helping is
always good job Ken and Rick when did it
get so cold all right I don't know if it
will fit hopefully it will God I really
hope so
ah super dark it is ha ha rusty it is
we're gonna break your door off I think
we strap it in the top view I figure get
my truck I don't know if I have enough
daylight my door is open way more but
you think you can sit in my front seat I
can lean my seat back a lot guys I think
we almost got in my car push but come on
this cannot be legal but can it fit in
what are we dealing with oh my gosh all
right we can push it more here switch
three jobs again all right ready I don't
care if it takes up half of my space
that's a former social media website
take the drinks to your car oh oh my god
dude there's no way I'm so gonna get
pulled over on the way home can it fit
yeah we did it I'm so gonna get a ticket
I don't care for sit guys no this is bad
dude I will see you guys hopefully won't
be dark let's do it okay guys we made it
I just want my smoothie that was
horribly scary let's get this out here
and into the backyard okay okay oh my
gosh really
I forgot what scraped it off where's the
shovel at what are we skipping enough
for just scrape off a little bit of the
cake man look at their clean look let's
get the trampoline back just get it out
of the tree there we go wow this is too
stupid idea than my last few videos with
you that video did really well so if you
want the rest of my candy you can have
it dude I love these socks ha ha ha so
simple just something you know the thing
oh god this is way more fun during the
summer mine yeah no kidding it's not
cold Oh guys I'm just going to do a
belly flop right honey yeah ah oh so
cold I need to hit the ground hey hey
her so good alright the year cool talks
on two ready yep well I was thinking
about double front but I'm really scared
oh dude the scariest part of the spring
I'm not so scared I close my freaking
eyes I think I'm on double front screw
that so this dog has to come along I
know dude Rose was in her doghouse for
the first time ever last night like he
was sitting in it when I came outside to
go bring her inside
oh I think I can double yeah if you
don't only come to kill yourself locked
it up a little just in case I miss you
it's pretty nasty
I probably rather why nomogram on that
wait what if I land in the front oh
here's one I'm so scared
it wouldn't be as scary if it wasn't
opposed feel like I should scoot it back
more but I know if I do that I'll go
over it in my face alright ready yes
rose pray for me oh it's nicely fun yeah
you should try that know it oh my gosh
guys thumbs up for that double front
that was actually so scary alright
Rozier and get up there listen I promise
double front is way easier than a back
flip you ready yep do something double
front was not hard at all and you can
double front
it was way less painful than that Gaming
do a big front flip and see if you're
comfortable you did double front off a
freaking exercise ball one might have
been back in your flipping days right
here we go got into ass meet up 2015
true the first Midwest meet a try double
front you'll be fine it doesn't hurt at
all I promise it's like when you just
learn like just did the same thing you
did with exercise ball here if I were
you I'd scoot it back towards the Tramp
and then do it you're going to land on
your back on the bean bag safe and sound
gotta live in the moment you got to take
a risk I undertook to over trust what
I've done over telling this is way less
dangerous than jumping in my frozen pool
I guess you got it Wow my fingers are
gonna fall off there by any any time
yeah I did it
okay doesn't sick yeah let's do some
grass perfect like now
thank you blue the nasty pad that's
probably giving my feet a disease Oh
watch out bro get off get off
oh I can feel the water in the pad
alright I'm landing this no she dons do
it okay to try that he's here Anna thank
you go go go go sit I go ahead and turn
that to a triple and then we have the
real video oh he's getting serious now
folks Oh way too long
ah you got it alright last try and if I
don't make it this is it good enough
yeah yeah it's so cold
should we put it in the foam pit for one
look it's so girly
it's not that dirty on top all the water
is at the bottom it's getting dark we're
going to go ahead and go inside we'll do
a little bit more inside for he has to
go get his hair cut let's write it down
the stairs pretty dark down there so let
me ghost on the line I'm kind of scared
hop on gosh alright push me oh god here
with tip over this is not going to work
ah there's still a chance I'm just all
gone Charlie oh oh oh I almost died yo
Ricky look down here yeah I don't even
know yeah go ahead
oh alright Vidia is over thanks for
watching guys the new house is gonna
have plenty of room for bean bags look
and I'm getting a bigger bean bag
alright thousand-degree knife vs. bean
bag
I just avoided that light that light and
the light to my life
haven't you do you know there's a lot
less stuff to do in here than that time
let's do an old parkour run real quick
for us to guess where we run down the
stairs you got to jump over that onto
this you got to do a flip off that hold
on let me move the beanbags okay go oh
oh little salt it's okay
hey all right go oh my photos where'd it
go
Oh bye I paid to see you guy loves you
leave is that hey you like that
Taylor oh alright guys so Kansas does
suck sometimes but we do have like the
coolest sunsets ever look at this this
video does not do it justice Oh God oh
well guys I got myself a new bean bag
and I a smoothie pretty successful day
if you ask me
nap time
Dylan you're not getting this beanbag
back it's comfy well guys I guess that
is basically for this video thank you
guys so much watching this video don't
forget to leave like in terms of friends
to enjoyed subscribe to knew and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace out
you came in looking like
