all right what is going on guys we are
back and today it is almost past my
bedtime and I haven't filmed anything I
wouldn't help my friend Dylan with a
video and then I just sat around I guess
I went to go eat and I took some
Instagram picture that's about it then I
came home realized I'd made a video and
I was just about to watch some Family
Guy but I was like you know what I'll
film a quick Q&A real quick weekly Q&A
if you guys aren't involved in the
weekly Q&A go follow me on Twitter right
now if you have a Twitter you better
have a Twitter go make one come on but
yeah dude all the stuff that's been
going on lately I feel like this will be
a good Q&A to maybe actually answer some
questions instead of just laughing with
Quinn the whole time because he's not
here so so yeah let's go check him out
when was your first kiss ask Quinn
McCarthy alright so this has been a bit
of a personal thing I've avoided this in
numerous Q&A is in the past but I mean
since I didn't film a video today I
guess it's only fair that I spilled the
beans why did I just say that it's kind
of embarrassing but I've actually never
had my first kiss like an actual first
kiss so I mean I guess we'll have to
make that happen right now are you ready
no I need my first kiss come on again
there's still a million tweets asking me
when am I gonna be here what am I gonna
be there I will try my best to go
everywhere this year okay I want to
travel I'm actually going to a different
doctor tomorrow to try to figure out my
side pain I still have it sometimes it's
just annoying and I don't to have that
happen like as I'm doing a meeting great
that would just be horrible and I don't
ever want to have to call any off or
anything and then like the 19th of this
month I'm also gonna be going to another
doctor hopefully getting answers this
month and then I promise I will be going
places okay now you can quit out of all
your Lambos what's your favorite to
drive obviously it is the matte gray
Aventadors got the butterfly doors v12
spits flames don't worry about it
someday why do you have a Rubik's Cube
on your desk I'm actually got this for
Christmas just realized it was in the
back of my videos I put it up in my desk
- look I don't know arty I guess I have
no idea how to work these okay if I mix
it up I would definitely forget and then
it would look ugly so I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna leave it alone what will quit
and do when you move into your new house
he's definitely gonna be hanging out
with me probably the same exact amount
maybe even more there's definitely
enough room for him to basically move in
if he wants to and he probably wants to
but his parents probably gonna make him
stay home quite a bit he's probably
still gonna be in my videos just as much
so don't worry there will be plenty of
yeah in my video don't worry I promise
and if not that I'll start doing it okay
where do you like to buy your clothes so
I actually see a lot of comments asking
me where I get my clothes at bla bla bla
so we have a mall around here that
actually really sucks we don't even have
that many cool stores in it and the
stores that we do have they don't
replace their products very much so
there's not that much in there but like
whenever I want to go visit my friend
Blake in Texas they had super cool malls
there and whenever I'm traveling I just
like to take every chance I can get to
pick out cool clothes and the malls yeah
it's just basically malls because
they've cool clothes there and it's not
really any one store I basically go
around and look at whatever I like I
love this shirt 2d dis and I have tons
of clothes as you guys have seen behind
my couch really need to start organizing
those I'll do that another time are you
guys gonna be selling the current house
that you were living in we're gonna try
yes we're gonna try to sell it this
house has a lot of problems but someone
will probably still buy it we'll get it
fixed up we got to get it clean first
like look it's so dirty but we're not
trying to sell it like right now like
that's not gonna make the difference
between if we move right now or not
we're probably gonna be in the new house
before this house sells though so yeah
is the new house pretty the new house is
beautiful I wish I could show you guys
pictures I'm actually stopping by there
tomorrow sadly I can't film inside of it
we're actually having it inspected soon
and I wish I could film inside of it
maybe I'll bring like went along and
film his reaction and just have like a
black screen over it oh no but yes it is
beautiful I promise how will you feel if
I order pizza to your house go ahead and
try Pizza Hut will not deliver to my
address anymore so kiss marry kill
Quinn Paris and Kate you can't do this
to me man oh I probably killed Kate
because she doesn't follow me on
Instagram and it really really breaks my
heart oh I just realized they replaced
kiss with something else
um I guess I'd kiss Paris just because I
have to and I'd marry Quentin because he
always has me with that lighting oh
thank you thank you guess what bro oh
thank you you always got me up the guard
and he's just kind of cute how much Taco
Bell changes in your car right now I
really don't want to get up a lot I
actually have bags of quarters and
everything just sitting upstairs and I
just haven't taken it out to my car if
you can wake up tomorrow in a body of
someone else who would you pick and what
would you do I love you I love you too
Jenna and there's two answers to this
okay first off Kate Upton I want to know
what it'd be like to walk around with
weights on my chest
second Justin Bieber because sometimes I
feel like my life gets crazy and I would
just wonder what it'd be like to be in
his shoes literally having everyone out
there know who you are like you wouldn't
be able to go out in public and I feel
like that'd be crazy so I would want to
experience that for a day and probably
only a day when does your mom's
restaurant open opens in like a week I
think somewhere around there
not too sure I'm pretty excited about it
because it's a good restaurant that's
actually closed well I'm not exactly
sure so if you guys live around here you
can definitely go check it out what's
your favorite zombies map oh man oh God
kino der toten ascension i like buried
baba the dead was good you can't do this
to me dude I love zombies like you guys
know I have all the posters on my wall
over there I used to be a hardcore gamer
and look solid gold controller made out
of dust it's definitely fake gold by the
way but yeah I still play xbox sometimes
not that much I have to make videos now
where'd my childhood go
what's one place you really want to go I
want to go back to Hawaii really really
badly because that was a ton of fun and
I just want to go back to whether there
is beautiful probably one of my favorite
places that I've been to and I mean
there's a ton of the places and I got my
passport now so I can go wherever I want
whenever I want not really whenever I
want but wherever I want are you going
to be on chasing Cameron this is pretty
funny because I was actually talking to
Cameron and okay so I was with him in
magcon and I didn't know that they were
filming for Netflix like they had to
guide their filming I just thought he
was like documenting it or something I
don't know if I am going to be on it it
would be in season two I have no idea
that's not up to me but it would be an
honor it would be a lot of fun so I'm
not sure sing a song wheels on the bus
go around and
there you go I'm sorry you guys can go
ahead and give up on the fricken Burke
Carper story okay it's not gonna happen
how long does it usually take for you to
record I usually record like 40 minutes
to an hour's worth of footage and then
edit that down to the best sometimes
longer it just depends what video I'm
filming and sometimes I film throughout
the whole day sometimes I've sit-down a
film in just an hour it just depends is
Quentin secretly your side ho there's
nothing secret about that what is your
go-to pickup line for a girl I just
explained this in my video yesterday are
you sure what's up it's not really a
pick-up line but it still works till
1:00 Mitchell when can we date you gotta
wait your turn buddy okay all right last
one
apparently everyone is saying that I
didn't explain 17 Stephen when I'm
pretty sure I did basically 17th Stephen
is the name of my friend Dylan in my
phone all right so basically freshman
year me and Dylan aquit enroll in a
computer class together and everyone had
their stuff down except for Dylan and
he's like oh my gosh what I named the
project they got a print and then turn
in before the bell rings don't get in
trouble and I was like okay I told him
the name of the assignment is
seventeenth Steven I just made that up
and he turned it in and that was not the
name of it he titled it wrong and then
he got points officer was funny and he
fell for it so that's why we call him 17
Steven and it's funny so yeah that's it
we did it guys I just realized how many
YouTube videos I've done in a row now
probably like let's see I did it for a
little bit before December all of
December and all the way up till now so
I'll be somewhere around 50 uploads
continuously which is pretty good if you
ask me and I do it because of your
guys's love and support so thank you
yeah guys that is basically it for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it thank
you guys so much everyone the stuck to
the end and don't forget to leave a like
and share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out okay this
is Strickling business I just need
thumbnail I do the face I told you this
is oh this all I do you want to snapchat
anymore wait house can we close our eyes
well if we actually do it I'm not I
don't want to close well let's get this
over with no idea oh crap this is my
good side
sit right here are you ready no I need
my first kiss I go it's like no that's
gay okay my mom just came into my room
and told me the open scooters tomorrow I
said it was gonna be like a week I had
no idea so we're doing it tomorrow
morning tomorrow morning yeah cool
knowing stones gonna show us all right
bye
fuck you came in looking like that you
just maybe
