what is going on guys we're back and
today so I'm just gonna go ahead and
address the reason you guys clicked on
this video unless you watch all my
videos I'd love you if you did only God
but seriously okay as you guys know if
you have me added on snapchat or you
follow me on Instagram or the past few
days have posted pictures and at first I
was kind of messing with you guys and I
was just showing a picture of a girl I
was with we went out to eat I hop which
really sucked okay there's a story for
that I might tell it some of it I don't
know so I posted one of her and I I hop
and then I posted one of her next to my
Kate Upton poster I'm hilarious and then
last night I finally posted a picture of
us on Instagram a lot of you guys were
sick of me messing with you and I mean
it was pretty funny while it lasted and
before I posted a picture of us on
Instagram a lot of people were like
trying to find out who she was which a
lot of you guys did it wasn't that hard
but so many people were like guessing
who it was and some people were saying
it's my sister or my mom and I just put
an emoji to like screw with you guys now
it wasn't my sister my mom they're both
beautiful okay it's not them her name is
Paris okay now that leads us to the
question is she my girlfriend I don't
know okay first off it sickens me that
people would think I would she don't
quit like that you guys know me and
Quentin are in a committed friendship
okay we're not gay we're not no we're
not dating not technically because I
haven't asked her out but I mean I don't
know here's the thing she goes to
regular school right she's a normal girl
yes I guess we're together and stuff but
I don't want to make a big deal out of
it right now because I don't know
exactly what she wants I don't know if
she wants to be on my channel I mean I
could literally ask her right now
instead of making a big deal about it
how about you do that Tanner God you
idiot I kind of just want to see how
things play out I don't want to make a
bunch of videos with her I don't want to
make every other Instagram post about
her because it's not a serious
relationship right now and if it does
get to that point I will let you guys
know and I tweeted this last night but
if you guys want a girl to like you it's
really easy actually just send her
something like this hey sugar what's up
yeah but like I said for right now it's
just kind of you know it's kind of hard
to explain but I don't know I guess I'll
keep you guys updated on it but I still
want my channel to be about me and my
friends and I'm not gonna change up my
content or anything
maybe I should it sucks and if you guys
happen to follow me on Instagram and you
are up to date on this channels inside
jokes the caption was a joke okay
probably should have consulted her
parents before I did that now they watch
my videos they know they probably don't
so yeah I guess that's all I really have
to say about that
but today no idea what we're doing again
kind of my daily thing what do we got
going on today yeah yeah I don't know
either but hope you guys are all having
a good day today
guess what Tristan I went to the PIO box
today
and there was packages there my mom
called me again this morning and the
peel box had overflown again somebody go
ahead and show you guys what we're
dealing with
check it out boxes packages packages
boxes my whole back seats filled I had
to put some up here just because I
couldn't even lean my seat back and if
you guys don't know challengers have
pretty big trunk check it out oh my gosh
all of that is filmed guys my trunk goes
all the way down there like an all the
way back I'm thinking world's biggest
p.o box opening we have my brother
sister mom Dylan Quinn everyone here I
think my mom's trunk has some in it to
let me see I also have some in my room
some in my kitchen some in my basement
and a lot in my piano room and we still
have a month and a half till we move so
it's just going to be piling up until we
move yes I'm gonna be doing some P o box
openings before then but I don't know
how many they're just one of those
videos that you don't want to force you
know you want to be in the mood to open
some packages and usually I am but
lately I've just felt like making other
videos on the trunk there's even some
fan mail on my garage floor that we burn
and cut open and some on my mom's car
yeah my mom's trunk is full too but hers
is small so it's not that much we have
fan mail issues yeah guys I don't even
know about to go on a drive right now
there's a cell phone we cut open and
there's gonna be packages in the back of
every shot and I gotta show you guys a
song real quick it is so good okay the
song is called 20a by the weekend it is
so good has explicit language okay if
you're a kid I didn't show you this okay
thank you
chills I get the chills
we're stopping by grandma's house to say
hi you know got to be the best
grandchild I can be and I'm super bored
and if you guys remember I put a pushpot
by a tree out there I'm gonna go check
on it real quick I don't know my
grandma's home or not but oh no no it
wasn't a push pop it was sour spray from
the worst trampoline ever video and
there's the worst trampoline ever you
know we should hide this and then check
up on it sometime
we should know that they can see it
there yeah put lower they won't expect
it perfect oh all right well it's been
oh god the lid is like ah has dirt on it
look it's all dirty oh okay well that
can go right back we're covering it up
just in case any animals think they're
gonna be funny there we go hey so I got
bored there's grandfather Stephen when
am I gonna teach you a backflip
everyone's wondering we got to wait next
time it snows we could do it in the snow
and you might be okay Helen oh this is
it if you guys remember a long time ago
I did a interview for this magazine well
here it is and apparently I forgot that
I even did it was like two months ago or
something
and now let's find out where I am by
lunes oh that's actually a so cool
picture that's nice going viral with one
of the fastest growing channels on
YouTube fans are flipping over local
teen oh that's that's that's funny be
proud of me grandpa 16 year old Tanner
Braungart began posting videos what'll
he know he would become one of YouTube's
fastest-growing channels with over 1.7
million subscribers and more than 200
million views fast forward to 2016 blah
blah blah I want to read the rest
I'll be the rest later oh hey look at
that how did they know I have 100k on
snapchat that's weird
maybe I don't know I like 140 can snap
chat actually pretty cool I'll probably
get my own copy again and keep this one
see you later
only grandpa was there but had to stop
by and say hi really sucks that their
dog joy just died the one that every
time I go to the door we'll just start
barking and won't shut up but I'm gonna
miss her hi rose what's up fam what's
good huh so we're designing some pop
sockets real quick yeah
the best idea so far I love all the
other ideas she usually gives me some
pretty horrible ideas I mean what what
what is it it is a street sign like a
green street sign tanner lane this is
probably the first time most of them are
hearing my middle name and we're doing
it's an awesome idea Taylor came up with
the clickbait pop socket
we're just rain bones that is tight I
like matching your shorts
well show you guys the ideas once we get
them done my shirt came off because it's
hot in here
but here is the design I made and
Rosie's hit her head on the wall that's
pretty cool inner Lane got him and wait
what's pulp the other one and there's
the other one right there wait what else
we have to do
clickbait this is our kind of design
thing right now we're gonna have to even
out the colors and make it love about
whatever we're done well you're gonna
finish it don't you know I'm going to
bed that's what guys this is gonna cure
my ugliness supposedly right yep all
right let's see knock could probably
help myself out a little bit by maybe
doing my hair these helped me out a
little bit okay I keep my teeth straight
but this isn't gonna fly okay you see
that I don't like it mom I don't like it
one bit
welcome to teenage years there's only
one good part of my life mom really you
want to know what that is
just kidding but yeah I got some pills
for my acne coz it's been flaring up
some reason we don't even do that many
trampoline verses so maybe I'm just
getting ugly the bathtub videos wasn't
the bleach bath supposed to help get rid
of it just your face Oh - oh I said five
likes and we go underwater in the bleach
bath I will do that bro these pills are
massive I'm gonna die
Quinton is on his way right now
you can hear the weekend from here I'm a
little loud there bro let me drive
let's do it oh crap there's boxes
awesome great legroom good throw them in
the back dude I can't wait for a couple
you're having a CEO oh yeah there now I
can see kind of I know what you guys are
thinking you know you think we're going
out hot but we're not though thank you
so you always got me up to Gordon Oh
prefers why I'm never gonna get a girl
because I have you just yeah you're in
scrims is different idiot but yeah we're
gonna go to McDonald's we have nothing
else to do
thanks for the strobe light we go to
IHOP but I had a bad experience there
one time Kay ruined it for me it's just
too far away we're on a strict time
schedule tonight and let's try not hit
my truck no I think I've driven my truck
like twice since I got it I got it for
two videos cool hey rant time okay
Oh to me or the camera but if you guys
see us in public like say hi and like
break the ice don't look at us like
we're like the last surviving dinosaur
as in my brother's game and people just
kept staring at me then when I was
leaving there finally like this is a
true quote they said out of the Tanner
and Quentin duo Quentin's my favorite
and I was like oh
at around as I hey they were like hey
but like at the gym I don't know if it's
cause like I'm a slowly mammoth or if
it's fans people just stare at me and
I'm like I don't want to say do you want
a picture because if it's someone just
like spacing off they're not actually a
fan of me like they don't know who I am
they'd be like are you red or dis just
wanted to clear that up now let's listen
to the weekend this is my vlog now I've
been singing the weekend literally all
day in my car so loud that I'm losing my
voice in my head hurts you ride in the
car with me prepare your ears
can I have a meeting front sweety medium
fry and a large sweet tea with light ice
woohoo relationship goals and also a
medium water healthy life and a small
vanilla ice cream cone slam the ice
cream cone in my face we get a couple
views unicorn yourself I just got done
talking about my acne okay that that
would contribute to it oh she saw the
camera bro put it away there's a camera
there there and there you actually hear
hear hear remind me not to drive off it
kid's gonna fall did I want to get a
Lambo only if they have like up sparring
put my camera up here oh
firstworldproblems huh thank you Anna
hey Anna say hi to a vlog thanks man
have a good day pranks on you it's 9
o'clock at night good night thanks for
being my partner in crime love you hi
guys we're back home now and alright
just when are we gonna have our kid
again never you can go ahead and go home
it was cool at first but I'm kidding say
hello hi I said hello hello alright so
quick Q&A real quick ok do you ever get
jealous of mian no she's camera shy why
you camera shy
ah I'm not a youtuber one more thing do
you only use me for my Lamborghinis is
that is that what you like me alright
folks is all we have for tonight good
night alright guys that is basically
with this video I hope you guys enjoyed
it hope that cleared some things up
maybe probably not I'm gonna go ahead
and head to bed thank you guys so much
for watching this video don't forget to
leave a like and share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe video and I'll see
you guys in the next one
peace out
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe too
