yo I just made a video about fans coming
to my house get out of here guys it's
Dylan uh what are we gonna do today tell
you what I've been doing today so guys
I've decided that my 100k plaque will
never come in I think I'm just gonna
have to do with the million which I'm
fine with
definitely fine with I just I wanted a
little guy but I'll take your hundred to
one
I mean YouTube's not gonna give it to
any of us if I if my channel grew slower
maybe maybe I'd have it oh no oh no dude
there's a gap in that bridge what are
you doing wow this is like the best game
ever you guys I've never played just
cause - you're messing out am i right
it's just cuz three Just Cause 3 sorry I
just bought the game I don't even know
the name I had just cause - that's why
it's like Grand Theft Auto 5 but a
little bit more unrealistic oh look what
I just found yo Dylan what do you like
candy yeah I got a bag of candy can I
have it yeah I do listen okay I'll give
you that bag of candy right and I'll
give you all the Taco Bell change from
my last P o box open if we open up my
pool and we jump into it and by we I
mean you
deal is that serious yeah long as I got
towels ready and that heater fans on
when I'm ready to come look I'll put it
on high there you go look I got a towel
it might be dirty
I don't care there you go you're dirty
are you gonna do it shirtless yeah you
better all you are my slick base I'm
trying to feed line hey here they are
bro you gotta wear them Ross know one
I'll click on this link out of the
bathroom and show a camera will they fit
alright alright good luck in there thank
you bro there's a monster in there just
watch out well there's not yes there is
why not what is that a little small
their skin hey let's go there's towels
up here you want to do it off the mini
trampoline way off out there yes okay
actually you can just use the big
trampoline all right come on where's the
towels there's one one towel um I'm
already cold alright there you go
there's your towels well you're gonna be
walking home with a brand new bag of
candy though but now am I gonna jump
someone put the towels right there
I put the towels right there on this
side you have to jump off that side and
swim to this one
I got a swimming let's move the tree out
of the way
you can borrow my clickbait jacket too
if you just take care of it yeah hold up
I'm a little cold I'm gonna go get some
shoes top Pam did you watch the real
life would you rather video my sister
dipped her foot I'm cold it'll feel good
Hera no oh God
all right let's want to move the
trampoline hi rose huh she's excited I
haven't seen someone in like 20 minutes
all right here we go tell me when you're
ready I'm ready
oh god I gotta gotta gotta got great I
almost fell it turn it a little bit more
I'm gonna go up in the pool okay
hopefully there's no ice on it I don't
think there is open that doesn't sound
very good
Oh God I think we broke it back it up
back it out all right you get it out
here I'm gonna do it here we go
holy crap that's a lot this is so messy
there's like icicle nasty leave this
might be the last to do it looks like
coca-cola oh my god I'm gonna get some
of this off we'll see you guys once we
get done see all that we already scraped
off it's super windy but I didn't know
it was all ice but look we got to break
it up and then pilot look how much we've
done you know this door is like ice
under the pool cover mom Wow
he's jumping into it for some candy and
$20 know if it's winterized you can't do
that we did it last year and it's also
super crazy dangerous mom we I me on
stand by him again swimmers only stay in
the shallow end
here you video this I'm freezing yo wait
no what cease mom we're born for this
and by we I mean you wait we just get
that yeah then we can leave all this
right yeah grab your shovel my that's
got a shot in your shorts even over here
it's Yangtze broke already
yeah so we have to break the ice out my
pants are falling down
good big old piece
thank rose yeah we'll see you guys once
we get the rest is off because it's
going to take probably there 30 minutes
probably taking a hot shower we're going
to my mom's new restaurant after that
and we're getting smoothies okay we're
gonna leave this on because we're not
going to open the pool all the way up
and hopefully it will open I haven't
tried it yet
there's still some leaves right there
that I'm worried about
let's try to open it up real quick
mm-hmm open up it's working so far it's
working so far right we broke some ice
now let's reel it back in come on pool
cover I believe in you you got this oh
let me see let me see he'll there's ice
in the pool guys legit frozen pool I
guess you could just do this right get a
dip your freaking oh yeah you got your
towels right there there's some more
towels
oh that's in the coca-cola oh my God
look you can see the ice on it oh that's
actually really cold I what tried to
stand on it yeah oh oh my god I thought
antifreeze were supposed to make the
pool not freeze over but look at it
there's chunks of ice
Ellen you're stupid but it's gonna be
funny that should do nasty trampoline
frozen pool ah you got it you got it bro
you got it out in front the trampoline
just make sure you crouch whenever you
go into this really shallow you'll be
good just don't hit the ice down there
right when you jump in I'll get down and
come help you out just don't get in get
out
hey Robert how's the pool look you've
never seen it open yeah there's a pool
under that okay moment of truth
oh my gosh Lee hypothermia
that's just make-believe stuff I do not
want to die today
this looks so cool oh this is gonna suck
it's gonna feel like glass it's gonna
hurt when I landed that's the one thing
worried about whenever you're ready
Dylan it's gonna hurt when I jump in and
I get in why he's deep over there run
over here and jump in why would you want
to do that you're someone I don't want
to die yeah
time up climb up good and tight right
over there take a little bounce and jump
what if I gonna shock whenever I jump in
I'll save you life car Tanner boy I
gotta like a red kind of red jacket in
and out in and out just like the
restaurant hey thank you mom go you got
it you got it
no you are all the way under turkey hug
get out get out okay it is her but when
I got to my hand like yeah you put your
head under I was like I thought you're
just gonna jump in I'm gonna go to your
ways I was the worst I'll let you shower
I'll see you when you get out we got a
bit of a cleanup the videos that
shouldn't require cleanup you all right
let's close this pool watch out rose
I thought the pool cover would
definitely break during this process but
I guess not so that's good everybody
leave a like for Dylan stupidity am i
right do you feel this right here that's
my balls guess what here's $20 thank you
here's a bag full of candy so some of it
might be gone for a lot of Distiller
that's all my Christmas candy well I
must say none of that was worth it at
all I could literally feel the coldest
going out my body all the weight in my
head and I got out when I tried to get
out every time I shook cold holy ready
to go I get freaking dressed no I call
Shotgun none
pretty hi guys we're here at the
restaurant 24-hour break-in and
challenge
why'd you copy Starbucks we didn't copy
we have a better product I would like a
strawberry smoothie I'll take whatever
that is
whoa behind the scenes of what goes on
um I have to do it video like faze rug
wherever I come in and work for a day I
would love to see you try to have
customers sir mom since you're on this I
might have to do a 24-hour if we stayed
in a restaurant 24 hours sitting in a
chair for 24 hours best part about this
restaurant right Taco Bell is right
across the street we need an IHOP mom
open an IHOP
are they done cool which one's mine
thank you mom thanks kid free promotion
you owe me 20 more of these I'm gonna
start promoting you guys more than IHOP
I hope there's nothing for me
this will be my new favorite on there we
go all right well we're gonna head home
thank you mother
how pretty good all right guys it is the
next morning I completely forgot to film
when I got home I'd lose my home and
didn't film the rest of the night so I
apologize for that but sorry I sounds
stupid I have the retainers in I forgot
I had them for like three days put them
in I swear my teeth are gonna fall out
real quick before you in this video I
want to say thank you guys so much for
all the support on my last video I
talked about my privacy in my house
because I really did not want to post
that video but I felt like I had to and
I'm really glad that a lot of you guys
agree with me because I really wanted
that video to be like an informative
video and not like me getting mad at you
guys because that's not the case I was
only mad at like the idiots that left
his stuff in my house and I saw a lot of
comments that are like get security
cameras why don't you have cameras
you're stupid for not having them and
the reason I don't have security cameras
is because it just recently got bad and
there's really no point to install them
now we're definitely gonna get them
installed in the new house but there's
no point of having someone hook them up
and do all that and getting it really
nice one that has night vision and one
that has good enough quality to where
you can actually see who did it and I
think most of us gonna stop anyway now
that I said what I said in yesterday's
video I do not want to have to call a
cop so yeah guys that is basically it
for this video I hope you guys enjoyed
it leave a comment down below what other
crazy videos you guys want to see
because I want to make as many memories
in this house as I can before we move to
yeah let me know and don't forget to
leave a like and share the fund if you
enjoyed subscribing you and I'll see you
guys in the next one
peace out
you came looking like that you just
maybe
