what is go my guys today we were back in
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day I am very scared little kid
today you know why you know why for one
an agent snuck into my house she's over
there hi - I have to get a shot today
yeah some ladies on my way over to my
house right now to give me a shot and
take my blood it's mine it's in my arm
she's taking it for some life insurance
thing in case I die my family gets money
and I get a shot oh god I'm getting a
call logan's behind the camera show
yourself he gets shots basically
everyday right every single day twice
today he gives himself shots in his
stomach because he has to take blood
thinners because he's had blood clots
and like life-threatening stuff so he's
a man when it comes to this stuff but I
hate it bro for real who's this asian
girl in my house mom have you already
got your shot okay you're going first I
have to do urine
I'll take my cup and fill my urine with
it okay that's in my room I can go get
it wait wait you think the urine is
gonna find out that IV she can keep this
ID for all I care as long as not to get
a shot let's go and another 60
day tag thank you very much mom I'll
keep this one out of the reach of Luna
I'll try my best
for the record is not only my dog's acts
that way Quentin's dog which is my dog's
sister is also insane and they're good
dog owners so you'll need this so you
don't pass out blood pressure time am i
healthy for the cut into the tubes be
are you guys gonna piss i dub he is in
the tubes and I washed out your cup okay
it's like just just in case anybody need
this so my mom is going to get her shot
and then after that we are going to be
going Christmas shopping for my family
it's almost Christmas my insecurity
guards going with me ah clothing calm or
in the buckle yeah we're in stores
what's up in the Asian ladies coming
with us she's Asian and they're smart am
I gonna get D monetised is being nice to
another race racist now are you girls
just share in the boot you just sharing
the boot their goal is to slowly swallow
this till it's gone mom if you don't cry
I'll let you smash the rest of the
guitar give me your hand
okay your invisible hand your third hand
I got it mom youch stay strong bite it
think about the guitar
think about slamming it down what's the
bar I saw the other half things
and she's done congratulations mom you
want your guitar an hour later all right
if you're coming with us to Christmas
shop you're gonna have to put on some
cheaper and guard apparel that's Tim's
clothing it's not dense clothing day to
day zip zip zip here wear this big old
sweatshirt I think this one's
indestructible actually how is it still
together fine Logan you can break the
rash hide behind the punching bag by the
way the asians name is Jennifer she's
been my friend for a while she's over
right now and she's wrapping the March
so I guess she can stay Logan you
already know Logan first stop
Best Buy no no no no no I'm still pissed
at you Taylor Tristan mom if you're
watching this don't so we're hearing we
got to think of stuff that Taylor's
gonna like in the stuff that Tristan is
gonna like I think Tristan would love
some virtual reality stuff especially
this good stuff I mean I've seen
youtubers use it it looks pretty cool
it's guys having fun that looks like
what that nurse lady used to get my
blood pressure you know I've never
watched one of the Star Wars movies but
this looks very cool well it turns out
if you want the virtual reality you have
to buy a tower with it what's the 404
the headset and I know he would use this
like five times I don't know you see it
sucks because I've gotten my brother and
my sister each a MacBook so now I gotta
top that or at least make it really cool
because we have the pressure of the
YouTube audience we can't just get each
other like pieces of paper that say hi
by the way that's my shirt your
Christmas present so now we have Alexa
or Google home I've heard weird things
about this one so I'm thinking the Alexa
this would be for Tristan I think he'd
like that a lot we could rename it with
a dude named they also have some cool
lights which I would definitely stick in
my attic but my attics already lit and
we're completely out of room and I think
I know my gift for my sister it might be
her final gift because it's pretty dope
I don't I'm not even gonna put this one
in the video it's gonna be a Christmas
surprise hi guys nice to meet you I
don't know if we can take a picture of
my security guard right there he doesn't
really like it I'm kidding bro he's my
insecurity guard there we go you know
hahaha gifts are being back SMR Tanner
here we're heading to the mall let's go
yo we made it to the mall and I'm pretty
sure this guy over here he's kind of
jamming out and I'm pretty sure he's
listening to Bob Ross yo another thing
my brother yaps about make up 90% of the
day but I don't know what kind of stuff
he needs I'm pretty sure he owns every
make up item in the world so just
realize my mom wants the mom ring with
all of our birth stones on it because
she lost hers I don't know if they'll
make him here I don't know how long it
takes about four now I gotta find one
more thing for Taylor and a few more for
Tristan yo that's where we got Bob Ross
and and hey look it's Jennifer's dad so
we stopped by buckle and they actually
have a few left of the dibs clothing but
they had to go to another mall and steal
their inventory cuz they already sold
out the first round and this is all we
have left pretty dope all right same
place that I got my grandma her ring for
her birthday we may or may not be
personalizing my mom's ring right now
let's go it's probably gonna be here
after Christmas so hey mom sorry you're
gonna have to wait there's that and that
and that and that and that
there we go 69 86 except that's just the
warranty on the ring bro my bank account
is empty times two
you thought haha oh man our friend that
was jamming out to Bob Ross is now gone
girls are happy from the trees what bro
you've a pit in there yeah I'm getting
really good can you tell yeah hey yeah I
just got a new mod damn look at it still
rolling check it it's a fog machine and
we walked it all the way down from the
Attic for that 10 second cube leave a
like Taylor I have something for you
look I don't really have a thumbnail in
the title you know this is like a
reoccurring thing you know sometimes I
just don't have the click base so you
would be getting one less present in the
Christmas video but I get my title and
you get a gift a little early sorry
Tristan it's not thank you wait this
shirt
Oh tea bunker calm my vlog today was fun
yeah you heard it go all the time she'll
come up and be like yeah watch it that's
it so that's a big compliment no I think
my car's fogging it oh my god it's in
the trunk should we just give this to
Taylor you know like that I think let me
know sorry Taylor this gift was not
originally for you but it is now so I
hope you like it
your room is boring so we gave you these
color-changing panels that connect to
Wi-Fi and then look you could put that
on your wall or you could put my
signature my logotv.com
look at all these panels you can make
different shapes and colors it's cool I
hope you like it hope you use it guess
what I'm taking the Xbox back TV works
now okay then
Tristan actually was for you and we were
gonna bring her it's a big long
confusing mess who wants it I'm giving
it to Taylor because if she's in the
thumbnail should get more of you which
confuses me because you're in the vlogs
the most so people get to see you the
most you know what the hell
okay there's only one way we're gonna
settle this up who gets the gift a
sudden death match of water bottle flips
one of you is gonna go then the other
one's gonna go you got to do three water
bottle flips and whoever lands the most
out of three gets the gift let's go that
really was your first try I feel like
first step should be Tristan because you
crack under pressure
okay all right good start are you the
first one to land it on the spinning
platform wins okay one two three go
congratulations Tristan you bought a few
originally it was just a movie we've had
with my own gift back okay alright your
boy is now here with Logan we're in the
attic and we're going to be doing the
weekly Q&A and if you guys want to be
involved in it follow me on Twitter at
Brunk our tanner how many tattoos does
Logan have this is gonna be like getting
to know you at Logan I feel like bikes
I'd say 19 or 20 out of G's but they're
sick though they're freaking cool not
everybody that has a lot of tattoos
vapes okay maybe he doesn't me yeah
maybe I don't
yeah maybe he is this Logan friend
replacing Quentin's place in your heart
no he could never do that you could try
I could try much clay I don't think that
Quinton has come over like a few times
this week I just haven't put it in a
vlog I'm sorry will you get your RA
rewrapped after Luna scratched it I have
it no clue I remember them whenever they
made it like if you had a little like
crease in it or anything they would use
a heat gun and it would like level it
out so maybe that would like mold it
back together I don't know I could just
take off my wrap ah does Logan have a
girlfriend
no no favorite vine or meme bob is my
favorite are you excited for Christmas
of freaking course I am I love the
Christmas vlog and I just realized like
it's a week away literally
raising will you ever play tattoo
roulette I don't think I would ever
refuse I just I would play it yeah you
would how do you get rid of anxiety I
want to answer this one because I see a
lot of comments and I get messages that
people say like yo thank you for talking
about it in your video talking about
anxiety or depression because it helps
some people and if I can do that in any
way that is amazing so so over the last
month I've had about three really good
weeks in the beginning like I was just
really happy and then after that there
was like four days where I didn't want
to film like things were just going bad
and they would feel like I couldn't
control it like it was completely out of
my control and there's nothing I could
do I always just convinced myself that
it's just an anxiety attack you can get
through it first of all and then I'm
like alright you need to like compliment
yourself you need to realize that you
guys are freaking great you I got to
realize and I've said this before just
like Jim Carrey said all you got to do
is find out how your talent can help
other people and just you can make the
world a better place and make people
forget about their concerns
how will you serve the world what do
they need that your talent can provide
that's all you have to figure out that
was an excellent speech thank you very
much when are you thinking about getting
your Aventador and I don't know if I
should wait or get it now like I think
of all the youtubers that have two super
cars or two really nice cars and there's
some but there's also not really that
many yeah so I'm kind of scared I could
just be like PewDiePie put it in a safe
for my kids so yeah guys we're gonna go
ahead and in this video here and I hope
you guys enjoyed it thank you so much
for watching don't really look at your
end for you enjoyed subscribe in here
and I'll see you guys the next one I
still have not found him saying it ain't
my fault I swear he's never said it once
I looked and looked and I could only
fight to of the word
you just maybe
