well hello there hi guys I found my
guitar hero where was it in my storage
room
so I today my room is even more messy
now but for good reason okay the heater
went out in here last night so I slept
in front of my heater fan where's it at
it's down there
ker - yeah yep I just sleep in front of
that cuz at 5:00 in the morning I woke
up and I had the chills and I woke up
and I edited my video and stuff but then
got me some Guitar Hero so of course
we're in test now see if I steal my
skills and also I've been seeing a lot
of comments that are like Tanner what's
in what's that door lead to that that's
always in the back of your desk videos
there's really no way to answer that
without showing you guys so I mean let
me play a quick little riff and we'll
we'll check it out what is on the list
for today huh let's go all the way to
the bottom whoa what the heck there's
like a pokey thing I still got it
liar
room everyone good you're a ragequit er
yeah that was a hard song it doesn't
count yeah let me back everything up so
we can get in here okay hopefully
nothing falls off okay it's open enough
right I don't know if you can squeeze
through maybe are the people gonna get
out better in there I always keep it
locked just in case because we don't
want him getting out okay ready I'm
ready
bow if they're ready for the wars that
wait do you think the dead people are
rotting in the law it smells bad in here
dude I've been here four years
really sighs in the earlier today come
on I'll take over I'll take over you
don't know where I am
I can't can you hear me do the go no I
got you dude monster I'm coming back and
come back oh hey hold up hold up I have
a flashlight this is my bathroom you
guys oh the monster got me all right
let's go back in I don't know why so
many people ask this I seen in my
comments all the time behind that door
is literally the bathroom so I guess
that's the introduction to this blog so
today we got to still figure out what
let me put my desk back real quick oh
dude I can't pull this back was it
really worth it
no oh gee that's gonna make me mad that
little gap yeah you fix this okay um
let's leave guys my jeans have holes in
them the monster got me all right guys
so today is gonna be one of those vlogs
where we go out and we take instagram
pictures when we're really bored nothing
to do today and cuz I look good yeah
he's got a haircut in French I look
really bad but I don't care okay I have
to live and be comfortable in my own
skin I need to be comfortable in my skin
sweater I had chicken noodle soup for
breakfast yeah does doggo want to go
with us to take pictures you override
your override you want to carry her
she's fat now just just so you know come
on fatty um you shouldn't comment on a
girl's weight come here dog
mmm who's driving well I don't want to
yeah we should have heated up this knife
in our last video hey you got a package
boy I got a package read says on the box
shipped to Tanner Brown guards house
important in case of damage let's see
how heavy this is now it's not very
heavy I don't know what that is should
we open that or we have a torch and a
knife so I don't even know if it's mine
but we're not as well since it's fragile
we'll use the knife instead of the torch
I thought we were going to use them as a
combination um we're rolling
okay this knife is so cool watch if you
like more posters or something your
styrofoam in it I didn't order anything
do you order your play button what if
this is it no way this is gonna be it I
swear dude new title for the video yeah
we're gonna dial it with the freaking
the room the the secret room dude I'm
freaking you didn't even put the blade
away um cuz I'm gonna use it later come
on come on
oh but didn't say a German steel pot
hose house dude I've waited for this
since 2011 when I made my freakin
channel well I would genius dude I'm so
high I was like what could it be what's
just gonna take pictures and I'm so glad
we open this uh what if it's broken like
every other youtubers and I'd have more
views on this video it probably will be
broken sided kick it what if it's just a
big letter apologizing why'd you haven't
gotten your plate I kinda wanna bring
this down in my room not do it here in
this nasty living here it is kind of
heavy this is a dream freaking come true
how long ago did you claim that uh they
said six to twelve weeks it's been about
six weeks so they're on top of their
game kind of hey let's turn on the light
oh look it doesn't work don't leave that
in there cuz then the house fires will
be like all the light doesn't work and
the carpets burn just what bro what this
mmm it's coming off today alright one
two three we're ready oh look at me you
could title this friendship goals
because I just made your bed
folks know the guns I be shirtless for
this like I wasn't like all my videos
leading up to a million subscribers oh
my god this is it this is it all right
hold up in my 1 million subscribers
video I didn't seem very happy it's
because I didn't have anything to show
for it but I'm happy right now
is now idea oh cool a piece of paper
should I read this like every other
person know hey there's 10 minutes no no
no not yet with your track record which
suspect that you will only keep growing
and we can't wait to see you reach your
next milestone 10 million subscribers it
may seem far away but remember the days
when you're excited to have a thousand
yes I do
Thank You Susan something I must really
hard press copy and paste I know right
alright smell the truth oh my god it
looks so beautiful but what's the name
yeah I could definitely title this video
like they named it wrong I so for
everyone confused why doesn't say Tana
Braungart it's because if you guys
actually look at the original URL of my
channel its youtube.com slash Edgar may
steal Paco because I made this YouTube
channel to make video game videos I
didn't really continue very long but I
decided I would leave that name on my
play button just because it's funny and
it's the original name dude that looks
so cool look I can see myself hi
24kg P what does that mean it's not
actual gold isn't GP means gay person
hey this is for Tristan I said that I
would put my 100k plaque right there
yeah this one's definitely too big to be
her - I'm so happy dude I got that one
of the bigger ones cuz um they're
starting to give out smaller ones oh my
gosh I'm high this thing is freezing
cold from sitting outside so we're gonna
let it thaw out and we're gonna go ahead
and oh I could hit my lip to fingerprint
yeah thank you
I don't know if I'm gonna put this up
before we move or not but alright I
think we're ready to go I'm gonna turn
off all the lights you're wasting
electricity you're ready to go take some
pictures and go I got you okay
no don't run the other way alright good
good oh my gosh she knows what she's
doing hey no my seat my seat thank you
guys so much for freaking 1 million
subscribers even though we're getting
close to 2 million now finally got the
play button I'm so happy
comment below how we should break it
alright we're going down into our secret
forest here hopefully there's gonna be a
cool picture spot here there probably
will be why it's like right here this is
gonna run away Rose oh we gonna run away
alright dogle ain't not right there
that's Mike did she take off yet Oh yep
she's leaving dude she's running away
like actually run hey come back
lose your look back at the using you're
gonna be like oh my god I was so cute
alright yeah give us those puppy eyes
dog oh oh yeah yeah there are some
attitude look like you're about to make
a rap album well my hands fall off let's
do this I'm taking a lot of these really
good ones yeah really how good like
really good either you want to get like
a normal pose for one of those now hey
good job on the shoot today okay give me
five thank you guys we were just driving
to leave the enchanted forest there's
another dog oh hey let me pet it hey
come here
hey oh I look good with that one hey I
want a picture of that are you serious
yeah oh there's two of them
you don't making friends dude she's a
big dog Oh Rose is gonna be this big one
day no trespassing dog in premesis well
your dogs came to us so I'm gonna fall
on you cuz I have really bad back ones
lookdowns jealous all right bye doggles
Rose I gotta show you something yo check
this out Rose look at it look at it set
her on the bed and let her bite it are
you proud of me oh you know how funny a
my dog ate my play button would be hey
we're taking a nap good night tonight
alright guys well it's like 1:00 in the
morning right now we just got back home
from IHOP and I was thinking about my
play button how it's the old one that
it's the bigger one well then I realized
like this is what the older one looks
like it has a silver and then that has
the YouTube thing right there and then
your name is small and over here so I'm
pretty sure I did get the new one and it
is a little bit smaller but I really
don't care still look so sick I'm so
happy I don't know if when I hang it up
like I said because if I did it would
just be right over there but I don't
really see a point since I'll just be
taking it down and making another hole
in the wall like I said I used to play
video games online that's what I used to
post on this channel and then I got into
trampoline tricks but before any of that
I played this one game called Pirates of
the Caribbean online that's what Paco is
has nothing to do with weed or anything
but my pirate's name was Edgar make
steel that's what the game
gave me as his name so I played that
game all the time is my favorite game
eight hours a day easily and I said
literally hung out with my friends
hardly at all just so I could play this
game and it was just a blast so I played
it all the time it sounds really stupid
but it was a lot of fun and I think
they're making a remastered version of
it now cuz I know the game shut down a
few years ago I was I was devastated oh
yeah then I made my youtube channel in
2011 and I named it Edgar me steel Paco
because my only desire was to make
Pirates of the Caribbean online videos
so that's what I started doing I'm
pretty sure I have like one left
pretty sure it's private but here's a
clip so you guys can know what I'm
talking about a little bit I was doing
what was called looting where you just
shoot the bad guys and then you go open
the chests and see what you got and I
got a really really rare sword and I
freaked out there you go VI guys again
thank you to each and every one of you
for helping me accomplish this goal I'm
so happy with this like I'm legit gonna
keep the box over there so yeah guys
that is basically for this video I hope
you guys enjoyed it and don't forget to
leave a like and share with a friend if
you enjoyed subscribe he knew and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
