good morning guys we are back yes what
what I was talking my mom well my
brother just brought me this smoothie
thingy my mom is opening this restaurant
is called scooters it's a lot like
Starbucks but they haven't opened yet
completely but I get to try a strawberry
thingy just probably make it brighter in
here so I'm going to try this and I'm
also drinking my baja blast right now
that someone left on my doorstep well it
is so good now I don't think all the way
to Starbucks I know who's driving me
well I got out of my car is that snow
that's snow and I'm cold ways your car
warmed up no all right guys are about to
go to Walmart we got to go pick up some
blow torches we don't have any here and
we're gonna go light some wouldn't oh
yeah so we're gonna head there hopefully
we don't have to be 18 to buy them
because our Walmart has a lot of stupid
rules probably all Walmart's but I've
got a few different objects we're gonna
heat up and then we're just gonna we're
doing it in the bath of course but we're
doing a fan mail opening so wish us luck
I don't think I'm going to record the
wall more cuz I don't feel like going to
prison today and you're gonna go to
prison for drifting mission complete I
got the goods man and I never cleaned up
right okay we're back home and we got to
fake out some packages eenie meenie
miney moe
I don't know which one to choose mom I
need help by the way you have more in my
trunk sweet my knife store does that
mean there's gonna be a knife in here we
could do a thousand degree knife vs.
knife how many views would that get
let's find some wood duct tape yeah you
see this these are the ones that need to
be punished we'll start with these kay
I'm steppin in the bath so we bought two
small torches and then we bought a big
one as well but we're not gonna use that
one unless bees don't work why because
the big uns perform well I guess we do
it this it's not good enough for now you
think good enough oh yeah we bought a
new Tom Hawk by the way because the
other one was too rusty but that sword
is it's in good shape I don't know how
to work these acrylic instructions
wait you uh yet for the propane I'm
scared
sky uns I'm gonna read the box if you
guys remember in the bleach peel box
opening someone sent me a lot of boxes
and it was just boxes and boxes and
boxes well Quentin finished opening it
up because I threw it in the shower
because I got angry and stuff and this
was at the bottom so we're burning this
this is not abusing fan mail okay he
started it I want to test this bad puff
out wait does it have anything in it no
oh yeah well you spray some in there
squirt squirt oh hey look good legs I'm
gonna burn his butt
oh yeah I have to open this one I can't
there you go oh dude rinse up and smoke
alarm for something I don't want any hey
there we go
smells like the fourth of July in here
but dude that smells like butt let's see
it that one's huge
have you burned me how long be upset how
upset yeah that made maybe this much how
you hold a machete by the way well this
is kind of heavy all right let's get
something hot oh you got to get in the
bath with me I'm not I'm not doing this
alone I feel like this is gonna catch
fire
back away from the curtain it's not
getting to the photo stop this like will
be rad what's up Frank it was literally
burning not even glowing I need views
come on Alan he's gonna work so we have
Dylan here because Quentin he's staying
safe he's never done any harm
oh dude that's pretty this is pretty hot
look he's not even glowing it's like
this is this is like marshmallows what
the heck are you cutting straight
towards me I'm scared
Joel let's see if it'll work
sizzle equals subs you oh it's like one
of it's burnt almond I feel like a chef
let's try this is licorice actually
haven't feel order can you think this
will work at all negatory we bought that
for no reason
yeah knife number two okay guys this
looks more like something mr. gear would
use so we're gonna slice it on up
I'm gonna set this right here there you
go home okay that perfect
this isn't glowing oh it's starting to
glow I see it I see it I thought your
mom is at thousands of degrees
we need the tip right orange or no one
hopefully that's right get my tip thank
you oh yeah right there no a little bit
back
it's not hot enough it needs to be
Satan's night could have been denied
good ready that's so sad yo goes right
through it I'm gonna puke I'm not in the
bath okay I'm there's like foam in there
pick a Gruyere hey yeah here you let the
camera yeah you get the Febreze we'll
take a break so who else getting a burnt
part the flashbacks all right so we were
gonna do fan mail this is like not fan
mail at all but it was more fun to do
the other stuff we're going outside why
did that little thing smell so horrible
all right we got to go in my garage cuz
it's too windy we're gonna light it up
and then we're gonna run to the foam pit
wait when you get this off first tell me
should we be doing this over a blanket I
want to stand on one
off there we're going to start a fire
dude I don't like this one room sucks
but yeah oh god I don't think it's going
to burn off it's just its own fire Oh
that'll do I'm watching TV oh it smells
so bad
okay just in case there we go
fire extinguisher will be right here
just in case the foampit catches on fire
we can jog all the way to here
Jamie
what the whoa technical difficulties
have arisen okay ready
whenever you ready all right way up in
the door
um I think you can open it it's still
red I don't know what you're talking
about
thumbnail photoshop skills over 9000
yeah oh no I want to play with it oh
dude I just took the biggest breath of
that smoke I think I'm gonna die let's
just take the blowtorch to the foam pit
okay I'm good thinking
let's just evil just sink in by itself
nope oh you know I'm gonna start one of
those oddly satisfying channels yeah
this is good idea well that was crappy
let's go inside let's open these and
we'll do the phone and then we'll be
done it's so cold out oh it is negative
1,000 degrees outside negative 1000
degree air burst 1000 Rafi knife right
we could just do it all the foam up
there why did we go out in the cold
oh I got you I'll just throw this up
there okay cool
here I'm gonna get the most duct taped
package there we go do I have permission
to abuse your fan mail no yes you do
they said put in the video so that's
what we're doing so we do this one not
over the blanket I'm walking with fire
and a knife but we already got the
thumbnail you
you want to make it hot anymore watches
this would be something really cool oh
it's hot again
oh my god honestly that was the worst
smell whenever I stuck it in the phone
all right got you good lit BAM
oh did almost touch the neck oh that's
not doing anything cuz you oh oh you
only keep stabbing it oh dude off try
this at home or anywhere cuz it smells
gross yeah this is stupid
pretty sure it's easier to do it without
a flaming hot knife cuz at least then
you don't no worries I was like yourself
popcorn yeah it does oh it smelled
horrible because there was like cloth
inside of here guys I'm not complying
any force it's just so hot it's just
going right through it you can tell by
his facial expressions yeah they're so
neutral you like mr. Gere he'll get
halfway through something and I was
order cutting start cutting it normally
look at that not abusing my fan mail cuz
there's nothing inside right there get
out of here oh listen yes this is slug
bug oh yeah hat you stabbed through my
hat bro hope so
no no wait no the hole was already there
what else is in it so that I saw other
stuff I don't know what this is a marker
this is the thing we kept dude what what
is that is that an apron a bib parachute
last thing we're going to do is a
cellphone I wish I would have cute for
the video so I could have put it vomit
warning get it nice and lit fam dad's
one Gucci I don't know any other words
we're playing in the fire Wow
nice parenting skills mom maybe the
people in my comment section are right
it's kind of lit yeah I got you I got
it's not red enough so we're gonna go to
the extremes
yeah oh that's getting you did good are
we ready to burn a cell phone yes never
been done before all right so what do I
do
just press it on and try to cut through
it I don't know use the hot side hot
side it's all oh its melting in I think
we use all the conducted radiation
totally worked again my mom that's also
that uni we can cut through it now maybe
here we oh thank you papa God is he
drinking
yes AT&T my cell phone keeps tripping me
it looks like freakin lava is this the
new Samsung okay my toes are friction
called can we party this up
oh that's the better yeah that's battery
Hey
oh you idiot I'll take my distance
you're a stupid head okay guys well I'm
pretty sure we just took a good five
years off of our life hope you guys
enjoyed it oh thank you thank you but
that is basically it for this video um
and this will be the last 1000 degree
knife video I ever do cuz it was stupid
so I hope you guys enjoyed it don't
forget to leave like answer the phone if
you enjoyed subscribing and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out it ain't
my fault
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe trick
