look guys look she's being calm today
Hey I definitely just lied hey what is
going on guys we are back and today it
is still too cold to go outside sadly so
I still can't do anything out there I
don't know why I'm wearing shorts but it
snowed once and barely any at all it
took like two hours to pile snow into
this tiny little pile and it's like 15
degrees out right now but sadly no snow
so now I'm just ready for it to be
spring and we'll be in our new house by
spring so my mom is actually going today
to put the money down on the house that
we've agreed on and I haven't showed you
guys any of that house yet it's going to
be a surprise I'll definitely do a house
tour whenever we get it rose would you
quit you haven't seen the new house
either Rose you're not going to be
allowed in if you keep doing this but
today I got on YouTube and I was just
watching youtubers and I was watching
the face guys and face blaze skin made a
video where they got a trampoline at the
face house now
if you guys watch my goals for 2017
video I said that I want to collab with
more people and I'm pretty sure I talked
about phase house I lie in there maybe
it was a QA I'm not sure but hey now
that they got a trampoline like I have
to go and I'm actually gonna be going
down to LA this month around the 25th I
think I might be holding a fan meetup
there so if you guys lived there then I
will let you guys know where I'm gonna
be and I have a ton of meetings which
kind of sucks but I'm also gonna be
meeting out with some youtubers I think
as long as my schedule dozen have
anything changed but I think we're gonna
be staying on there like a week
last time we were gone a week and
doorbell just rang let's check it out I
see some talk about Rob's you want to
chill hope you enjoy your Baja blast
freeze PS sorry we're creeps but we love
you and we're big fans
xoxo Samantha and Jesse well thank you
guys you know what I will put in my
freezer is actually just went to Taco
Bell so hey it's so weird that that
happened during the vlog like usually I
come home late at night and then find
stuff but I guess I left cuz I don't see
a car but I mean hey as long as you're
not throwing eggs in my cars I don't
really care yeah like I was saying I
haven't showed any of the new new house
yet because I'm not allowed to and I so
so wish I could it is amazing but you
guys will just have to wait okay I have
to wait to move in you have to wait to
see the video we're all gonna wait
together okay guys we're downstairs now
we're gonna be doing the weekly Q&A on
Twitter that's what's happened I've quit
here to read me the questions because
you did that one time and it was it was
funnier so we're gonna go ahead and do
that again
you have 13
in queues Oh are you gonna I guess you
have a phone too I forgot you're here to
read them oh yeah why is Dylan called
xvii Steven I'm pretty sure I already
said that in the Q&A are you guys sure
you aren't gay hashtag planner roll the
clip
Tanner wake up hey couldn't get it where
straight rise and shine ah bro no way
tattoo blanket wasn't gay there was a
layer between us and it's his pants
thank you you're good oh by the way I'm
not gonna be putting the questions on
the screen because I have to screenshot
him as I go and he's doing it so I'm
sorry
editing is hard that's why I don't do it
Jacob Sartorius or Cameron Dallas oh boy
both explain this hey wait wait just so
you doesn't have to edit it that's the
picture okay yeah we went to a wax
museum with mcjuggernuggets these
youtubers like three months ago sound
like scares we went to a wax museum to
film a collab video with Mick Jagger now
gets really cool guy if you guys haven't
seen that you can check it out I'll link
it below and it'll continue to make
people think we're gay so why not when
will you go on tour or do me ups 2017
I'm gonna be doing a meet up soon and I
think I want to do one here I just don't
know I don't know where to do it at it's
my biggest problem Wow 1,400 questions
and they'll suck
good job guys um if talk about on I
heart both goes down where would you eat
I'd hire a chef to make me I hop and
Taco Bell when did you put on that
hoodie what's your biggest secret um
it's a secret for a reason Missy burnt
carpet story but I can't tell it yet so
oh so um the questions someone said
teach Quinn how to play guitar that's a
statement I can't play guitar they're
better than a hero after that will you
dye your hair pink I've learned my
lesson with hair after shaving her head
for five thousand subscribers the
balding begins that thing you do with
your hair lasts a long time and I
probably would have gained more
subscribers from looking decent than
that video but it was funny
that video
didn't get like any views for a year and
now as a million it's really weird oh
yeah for those of you wondering I
switched the razor and made her shorter
than yeah wait what are you gonna do
400,000 subscribers on your channel I'll
post the video if you could go anywhere
where would you go and who you go with
all right let me go read some on my
phone since you can't do your one job I
prescribe to you
oh why says what are you doing oh that's
a question / hashtag ass tanner idiot if
you could plug one instrument
professionally what would you play skin
flute then they're gonna ask me what my
favourite outfit is I'm gonna say skins
fur I would play the guitar because that
would be really cool I have a guitar I
just need the dedications you already
got the red edition what would you do if
Quentin Taylor started dating I would
find myself a girlfriend you don't know
what I would do enjoy it break up with
her and get with you you will you ever
move to California um I feel like there
will be a time in my life where I might
move down there for at least a few years
it'll probably be in like my 20s or
something we're moving into a house
that's really cool and I'm really
excited about it and I'm only 16 so I'll
probably live here for at least three
more years I'm guessing maybe longer
maybe I make a Kansas house of youtubers
but I kind of like being from Kansas
just because there's already so many
other youtubers from California and yet
to live original Maine you can't be
living it so much shadow do what makes
you happy can you please tell the red
carpet story and not use it as clickbait
oh crap before we move we gotta take
that thumbnail Tanner burger do you lift
no not right now I don't lift but the
house that we're moving into has an
indoor gym so I'm on that makes it sound
like it's a mass or something has a gym
inside of it like a little workout room
and you better believe I'm gonna be
trying too hard to get them Massholes
I'm gonna be putting you to shame and
that kid from my last video do you see
that do you like this chair I remember
his name well his nipples Messier's just
what is it like being in love with each
other
I'm reading you always ignore me this
relationships over even though you've
eat it I hop together who eats there
more we only eat there whenever we're
together I'll curly you tell them the
time I left
mmm choking on skittles so last time
Tanner was driving over here me and
Dylan were over here driving and I
hopped over here container was here and
we were way over here and me and Dylan
told Tanner we already ordered Simons
we'd be in the restaurant so Tanner gets
there before us and he goes yeah my
friends were here and he looks all
around the restaurant and we're not
there I get idiots so he leaves and then
he tells us he tells me in doing these
there so me you doing get thicker every
left and we go yeah our friends waiting
for us here and if we look for new he's
like yeah oh yeah I left so me and Dylan
went all the way low fret I've been
replaced
oh yeah the video I posted yesterday
it's the first video of 2017 they don't
have us kissing it you get on that video
and you insert that corner every other
YouTube that is Q&A is all serious and
answers we just laugh all that um
alright one more
how are you guys grades in public school
I'll tell ya so I had like A's and B's
in public school and now and then my
first semester of online at 2.0 I also
had like the same grade to send mostly
cuz we deliver work to hire yeah like a
1.8 now I've mostly a's and then like
zombies and then i had to see in
geometry but I wasn't gonna let that
slide and I hightailed it in the end and
got to be in geometry and it was
actually pretty good b84 stay in school
okay on a plus in trig chewy didn't I
didn't want to Simon switch schools oh
yeah forgot you went to school for like
a week this year
oh well that's enough laughter for one
evening I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you guys know follow me on
Twitter already go follow me so you guys
can be involved in the QA I actually
turned on my mention so I actually see
everything that you guys tweeted me now
I had that all forever cuz I'm stupid
don't forget to leave a like if you
liked it don't get
like your threads you enjoyed subscribe
you're doing I'll see you subscribe you
new and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out good night okay Tanner wake up
what are you doing dad you laughs I'm
gonna pull this one off him what I'm
gonna be shirtless pictures on toes not
actually gay shut up yeah he made
thumbnail should I be on you like this
mother that's extremely gay get under
the blanket a little bit okay Tanner I'm
what I'm convinced that you're the gay
one in the family because she is the
gate one I act like you're asleep
 you came looking like that you just
maybe check
