bro the walls are still bare we got to
fix that we have to fix that no okay you
know what we're gonna do something to
the wall real quick like it's just too
bad for me
did you hear that
Jacob sounds better good for you Jacob
good for you okay now we can get into
the video today we are gonna be looking
at the craziest people best flips yeah I
don't even know what I'm gonna title
this video basically I'm just gonna be
going on YouTube and looking up you know
whatever random videos I can find people
doing crazy stuff and watch them and you
guys are watching with me I hope because
it is literally freezing outside and I'm
nothing I want to film out there so
we're back at the computer again for
this video I figured I would do this
because I've already reacted to the
worst trampoline Oh God I figured I
would do this because I've already
reacted to the worst trampoline fails
and that video did well and got
copyrighted so I figured I would do it
again because media networks don't
really bind people doing cool stuff they
just buy their fails and then put them
on their channel and yeah so yeah let's
do this
yo oh no way no way oh I thought he went
through the little things that's still
way too high
craziest flips ever
whoa
what
oh just triple back fold into a chair
yo how do you do that
these people should be in the Olympics
not the circus
okay I always see comments on my videos
like tanners the best flipper ever bla
bla bla which yeah I mean I've done some
cool stuff but come on
five backflips there was not even that
much padding and he landed it that is so
much force to your legs and you just had
that tiny little pad and I don't even
know how you know where you are like
that's too many flips alright next video
what the heck though I don't know if
we're gonna see any crazier than that to
be honest okay yeah this looks pretty
professional safe environment let's
let's check it out yo I wish it snowed
that much here oh my god that's retarded
that is that is so stupid why would you
try a triple front dude okay I'm gonna
sound like the cop that got me in
trouble a long time ago excited to
double back foot buffer roof ones I mean
it was really fun but there was like a
lot of snow and it's only a double and I
had been doing close forever but I mean
like that is really high that is at
least 20 some feet that's gotta hurt
dude
you gave me a 20-foot deep foam pit
maybe oh my God look at how high they
are though okay see that last clip would
it have been fun now would have been I
mean pretty enjoyable not too
life-threatening but uh all the others
were stupid I'm just honestly going for
the ones that have the most random
titles I don't know what that says but
it looks Russian and Russians are crazy
so it must be good bro there's no setups
like that here oh my God look at him
he's colored he's fine though
I think dude look at that snow piles not
that big three feet of padding for a 20
foot do these people even have snow but
it was so stupid
stop what you're doing you idiot they
got an inner-tube up on the roof they're
doing triple backflips off the roof onto
sand they're landing on their faces and
they're just all let's do it again
he just legit landed on his face you
idiot you're gonna die that is how
people die okay see that was cool he
almost knew what he was doing that no no
way
sand is not soft guys water maybe what
went wrong in these people's brains dude
oh yeah this looks promising
yo
quadruple backbones there are snow piles
are as big as mine for doubles these
guys must be suicidal because there's no
other way that they would try this stuff
honestly very tempted to go to Russia
just to see if people are just doing
this as you walk down the street oh it's
cool not life-threatening either
ow
oh my gosh yeah that's dope that's cool
double Hey Oh base drops coming up it's
got to be something crazy okay
yeah another triple backflip onto their
face and Sam you know what I'm tired of
seeing people almost die
this is a two-year-old baby apparently
what's she about to do off there just
got up there to push them up that thing
is twice as tall as her oh my gosh oh my
god how do her little legs even handle
that dude get it they putting the side
music in the back because they've ruined
their kids childhood by making them
train there's no way a two-year-old
willingly does this was it worth the
14,000 views probably not but it's
turning her into spider-man I guess so
maybe it is I don't oh this reminds me
of that one kid what was his name
Giuliano stroe or something I should
look at him whenever I was younger five
kids sewed him on fun he's got the calm
I said him dude I can't even hold one of
these dude he's doing more than a human
flying he's got his feet all the way up
like I think this kid was born with
something that makes him like this but
that little girl I don't know about her
but he looks like Quentin he literally
looks like Quentin and he's five small
nipples and big ABS that's just crazy
kind of wish I could do that off a crane
yeah look at everything
he's like a frisbee but he landed on his
back so
must have felt great it looks happy
though I've seen that one before that
was pretty dope mom come back do you see
my new poster nice when are you gonna
collab with him I don't know
alright more stupid videos oh great
who's this joker oh that's real smart
jump it off with a knife
you know kids watch you that's even more
dangerous than the snow you idiot oh
that was not that was not a a win there
that that must have hurt very badly oh
my god dude he was a foot away from that
pole imagine doing a triple front flip
and hitting your face on the pole oh my
god this makes me never want to leave my
room again to be honest
Oh Oh God I thought it's gonna fly out
see this is like fun stuff that I mean
still pretty scary but I don't think you
die
no way
quad baffle no double bounce that's
insane
whenever I did flips like all the time
no one was ever this good like I was
considered one of the best and I did
nothing nothing as crazy as these guys
so I don't know what parents are feeding
their kids these days but it must be
steroids but uh yeah guys I'm gonna go
ahead and in the video there I promise
I'll go out and do something soon but I
hope you guys still enjoyed this video
if you did don't forget to leave a like
and share and subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out and don't go doing quadruple
backflips off a building you'll probably
die I don't know how they didn't you
came in looking like that you just made
bitch
