my walls look really really bare without
Kate Upton on them I pull them back out
and put them on the walls but we're
gonna be moving in like two months
probably so there's really no point but
anyway guys today we were gonna be
reading my brother's Instagram comments
I read my sister's Instagram comments a
while ago and a lot of you guys liked
that video so figured I would do the
same thing with my brother's just
because it's only fair yeah whenever I
read my sister's instruments she had 10k
and my brother is 60k my sister is like
a hundred something now before I get
into this video yes my brother's gay I
don't know how obvious it is a lot of
you guys probably already know this but
it's still commented on like every
single one of my videos ever posted is
your brother gay you ready gay though so
I can only imagine what's on his
Instagram but we're gonna go check it
out right now so this is the first
picture we're looking at here this is
like his lipstick stuff that he bought
because he just watches that's like what
he's into so tanner should do that cause
its clickbait I was gonna go ask him but
he's sleeping so I never read any of
these comments it's like my first time
and so many of them just say you're gay
you're gay you're gay you're gay or you
only have followers because of tanner
which I would just be so annoyed at both
of those but I know Tristan doesn't
really care and there's also a lot of
nice people being like I love you or I'm
proud or slag god I hate that word nasty
queer let's check out his page okay real
quick let's scroll down huh what do we
have here hmm I think he made his own
caption and my brother's comments really
everyone that says hate stuff is private
so I can't go make fun of them it really
sucks bro this girl is like 10 years old
look at her what the frig alright that's
enough fun with that picture we're gonna
go ahead and move on to another one I
first of all Tristan do not walk on that
wood it's actually decaying really badly
we need to take out those bottom boards
so that the foam would fit in there and
I just wouldn't want you to fall
especially in those high heels so just
take it easy man
take it easy man that's we're drinking
Josh Oh what is this all those comments
should be saying badass not people are
gonna think I'm gay but it you know what
I'm not I'm not okay see those jeans fit
you're good you see what I was talking
about WTF don't stand like that man but
wait in this video on his profile he
looks like he's standing about the same
this kid might be hiding something but
you know I'm not one to judge he's gay
what a game Oh faux bro every single kid
that comments gay literally does gay
poses like they're all doing like slay
I'm not
sure if I went through my brother's
Instagram I could find a picture of him
doing like the same thing dirty fag bag
it's so funny seeing the people that
just comment gay and then there's other
people like this like they spend so much
time doing it I don't get it alright now
we're on to his most recent picture here
it is you effing faggot tanner is good I
don't recall him ever saying that I
wasn't good oh never mind I just went on
his Instagram and look I was gonna say
something mean but he's huge this guy
couldn't decide if he wanted to be nice
or mean so he puts Leigh but gay I don't
know any straight guys that use the word
slay so I'm pretty sure he's gay I'm
pretty sure everyone is gay in his
comments okay I love you but hey no homo
he spelled hey like that and those two
emojis but no homo so hey it would be so
annoying to have these comments nice vid
tan man hashtag flippin God when the
picture literally has zero correlation
with that comment but thank you I mean
yeah it was probably a good video I
guess this guy really wanted everyone to
know why that's like so much time out of
your day stop saying he is gay because
he knows he's gay he chose to be gay
that was actually a tongue twister to
say but I'm pretty sure Tristan didn't
choose to be gay I think he's always
been gay and literally half of these
comments are people that follow him so
they follow him just to comment this
stuff I guess it's just like people who
subscribe to dislike videos but a thank
you for subscribing ow
being gay is fine but he takes it too
far
is there like different levels of game
maybe maybe I'm at the bottom maybe I'm
just a little gay I'm kidding he might
be gay but he's happy so don't bring him
down get it gay means happy to like well
guys I guess that's all the Instagram
comments I'm going to read for today
because it's not really that fun it was
way more fun reading my sisters and I
would read writtens DMS but I just
really don't want to but if there's one
thing to say it's just worry about
yourself you know let whoever it is be
whoever they are because you're
literally taking time out of your day to
bring someone else down when it really
you're just wasting your time like
what's the point of fighting like you
might as well love everyone because it's
just gonna make you a better person so
except for Hitler you can hate him Rose
buzz hey K boy get out of my room get
but yeah gay people are awesome in my
dog's game she told me right mom is it
rose gay I thought she was well it
doesn't matter anymore because we got
her woman parts removed but yeah guys
that is basically it for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it my first video
in a little while just sitting down at
the desk it's kind of nice and thank you
guys so much to everyone that stuck to
the end and don't forget to leave like
and share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe he knew and I'll see you guys
in the next one
peace out
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe
