what is going on guys we're back in
happy 2017 everyone watching this it's
still 2016 right now by the time you
guys are watching this its 2017 so happy
new year yeah if you guys remember from
the Christmas vlog we got roses toy well
she toured up a lot so we got our new
one last one on the shelves one of the
time best money I ever spent
so what are we doing right now we are
going to go meet your cousins who don't
really know that your cousins who are in
love with their videos and I want to
surprise them okay I hope that hopefully
they didn't watch not shenanigans to my
battery like I don't care okay that
video is hilarious mom you need to clean
up your truck yeah Hey look have you
ever seen the inside of a toaster I have
now hi grace no we're taking the truck
there's pop on the handle and the fridge
and everywhere it's okay though it was
going to half of this vlog is gonna be
Tanner clean look around good one so
where we film the skits like the
throwing the Xbox off the bridge and I
film some other Clif stomach videos it's
not a river down there but the guy that
owns it his kids watch my video so we're
going to surprise them right now it's
also where I took the pictures for the
posters that we son so this is the thank
you to this
are these Esther sirs in Ko Ko we'rere
Kayden and Dylan Kayden and Dylan cool
house which we would move into a cool
house okay scream what's up yeah what's
up yeah you're here Caden yeah that's
awesome
how are you guys doing gonna be in the
vlog yeah somebody had a birthday coming
up how good are you
yeah girly birthday so these are posters
autographed posters okay thank you
yeah I gotta give a disclaimer his video
from the day is from today I should find
that he could do it here's act like
idiots is what it should Oh nineteen
eighty ins is a better title hey
everyone oh yeah there's nothing he
won't do is the rest of the house is
haunted
yeah so is it just like crazy I mean
everybody chasing yeah sometimes
where's Quinton
ah guess he's at home I don't know yeah
we were up till 4:00 last night so yeah
I had to get up to edit they all slept
in in my bed so so do you do one every
day yeah try to do one every day cuz it
just gives me something to do cuz if I
don't do one I'm like kind of wasted
today that's cool man yes you got your
you got the work ethic and you're gonna
succeed I'm telling you thank you you
keep it up cuz I know one thing these
guys it's every day and if they don't
get their necks you yeah I mean that's
fun anyone
man you ready for school I'm like we're
gonna be tardy no we're watching Taylor
okay oh crap your form is way better
than when you're even do your next peel
box open
uh I need to film on Sienna usually film
them on the weekends do you know any
tricks yeah let's see something oh so
you do cheer gymnastics you do all of it
that's awesome I don't know if I could
do two tricks on this one you know
record yeah just gotta hold it it's
already going I'm really doing a bad job
of videoing yeah that's not the first
time I want to give a shout-out to his
friends so hi Brody and Jenna I'm
meeting Tanner right now hi Brody and
Jenna yeah why pink artery wait if
there's anything if you need to go jump
at the river or whatever I need a grain
bin to jump off that you've okay I'll
hook you a lot so yeah you need
something too one of these days no thank
you thank you for the tanks good luck
I'm proud of you thanks and your mama
yeah gonna be a while 2017 yeah bye guys
Thank You cam so much this isn't the
world to them and I got a hug this
election all right thank ya see ya what
the hand is still sticky
that one's hilarious now what um can we
go drop off boxes at the compost yeah
that's boring New Year's Eve mom we got
a party all right guys we were back home
now and that was actually pretty fun
meeting those people they're all really
nice people so shout out to them and we
really don't have any plans for tonight
we have like a lot of stuff going on on
New Year's but this year just really
nothing I didn't even take a shower
today I've literally had no motivation I
stayed up till 4:00 in the morning last
night filming night shenanigans too if
you guys haven't seen that you can go
check it out if you're like really young
you might not laugh but if you are my
age around it you'll probably giggle a
little bit I'm sorry to wake you up I
don't really put you on my channel since
you had surgery she's acting calm right
now but that surgery definitely did not
come her down she's still crazy and she
still bites using that right you want me
to leave you alone Sam what you want
fine let's take a peek around the corner
from last night whenever we made that
fire we were so stupid like we legit
almost burnt down my house look it's not
even that burnt I mean I guess it is a
little bit but only that much is gone
and the flames religious so big it was
all swirling around I don't know if I'll
be able to film nice shenanigans in the
new house because I don't want to burn
it down
oh yeah mom when are we gonna get a new
router today our Wi-Fi has been out for
like two days that means no Netflix no
Xbox with friends okay no happiness no
uploading videos here like I've had to I
went to my dad's house today to upload I
feel like someone hacked it just to
screw this there's also one more thing
you're going to show you guys it's a new
addition here's the fan mail room this
is all unopened stuff and that is just
there's like so many there I wish you
guys could see how many there actually
are all the way down there I haven't
found the pedo box opening video since
Christmas so it's about that time I
really want to do fan mail bathtub
opening and fan mail do you see how good
my aim is with my slipper like my slide
never I kick into people I should just
make a montage Quentin got his hiccup
montage I could make a montage of Dylan
babbling whenever he like he doesn't
know how to speak and then my montage
would just be me kicking my shoes at
people ready
okay I would never never do that so yeah
a boring day in the life but real quick
I thought I'd share some of my best
moments from 2016 with you guys
definitely the craziest year of my life
so I guess here are some clips of my
best moments that I think are the best
and yeah here they are guys look at my
skills up that was legitness
as my dad used to tell me this was a
turbo button whenever I'd push it you'd
go faster I was a stupid kid
yes
my boss - okay guys we're done thanks
for watching subscribe more videos leave
like few enjoy to your spreads and all
that good stuff and I'm out ah got it
we had a wee bit of a fire can't really
breathe too well but there's some burnt
carpet for you got the window will open
the stuff Kate are you alright hey
someone broke some glass bottles if you
want to come like step over here
barefoot like we will okay it's good oh
why didn't you steam it on the top
there's naked Emma perch
dump it on my clickbait swim trunks
believe in yourself
sure that's a backflip good okay I'm
sorry I really gotta go I'll see you
soon can I hit there it is
all right it's day two we are going to
the pool clickbait swim trunks of course
I'm good bro
well times back flip so what do you want
to do right now Casa weighing it in
trouble coming there how you doing
yeah I'm just telling him we're I'm
voting for Jesus election of election
I'm doing a write-in so if you can vote
for Jesus mm-hmm and remember the good
news um I was just also telling him who
I thought the Antichrist was Bill Gates
probably he's got all the money not only
that one the scripture it goes like this
jesus said to Peter and on this rock I
shall build my church and the gates of
Hell shall not prevail against it the
word Gates is right there see when I
said who the Antichrist was would be
saying yo gates right away right here
dude
oh my God look at that oh look at his
dude
what is life you're good don't be it was
come on
Oh let it like first try Jessica no
Oh
you
you
that was the scariest second and a half
of my life you want some guys it scares
here oh boy
it was like two feet away from those
stairs
guys this is five-and-a-half feet deep
like way too shallow
didn't even hit the bottom boy my life
look at that oh my G that's a horse
tramp burn I know okay so like I said
guys I was up till 4:00 in the morning
last night and I was really tired so I
was like you know what I'll take a nap
and I slept through New Year's I slept
past midnight and I woke up and it is
it's currently 348 so the past two or
three years ever since I can do a
backflip really I've always done a
backflip into the next year like I
always like stay up till midnight and
then right when they flips over I do a
backflip so you're like flipping into
the year and I was gonna do one this
year but I literally just slept through
it so you know why I just went and got
some McDonald's I'm gonna watch some
Family Guy yeah I guess that's basically
for this video I hope you guys enjoyed
it don't forget to leave a like in truth
friends if you enjoyed subscribe for new
and I'll see you guys the next one and
happy 2017 it'll be a good one peace out
 you can't look like that you just
maybe
