hey it's my hat yeah I'm using your head
don't look it no looking what is going
on guys we are back with another
challenge it's been a little while but I
decided we should make another one and I
didn't want to film a vlog so here we
are and this has been a pretty requested
video so we're gonna go ahead and do the
real-life would you rather challenge and
I asked you guys on Twitter and you guys
gave me some real life would you rather
so we can do around here and I think
they're pretty good it should be a good
video and there's two free passes where
you don't to do anything you have
someone else pull it out and read you
yours so we know you're not a dirty liar
we got to do something to decide who
goes first trysting oh okay oldest yeah
and there you go
Quentin no there's one in here about
Quentin that's why I was wondering yes
we're driving to his house ticket for
Tristan oh I'm making it for him hmm God
dang it
you know pass really yeah uh okay I'll
choose Mario I better be getting the
second pass hahaha what is it would you
rather lick Quentin's belly button or
drink the lemon juice drink lemon juice
lemon juice is my cure to my side pain
lately so I'll go drink lemon juice all
day long it's still gross though yes I
just wish my teeth oh oh just like eggs
once you brush your teeth
would you rather attempt a flip of your
choice front or back or right to the
button you would know if I'm okay there
you go outside yeah we had to go outside
for this Oh should have made you do it
on the ground so you could have gotten
hurt Oh
you know yeah uh which one that one's
probably better right yeah yeah let's
see it whoa all right back inside whose
turn is it Tristan - Tristan uh you
choose for Tristan right all right I
just got another pass oh my god all
right why now there's no more passes oh
so you're gonna end up doing something
ha ha ha ha is it my turn again
get a purple nurple from the person to
your right or kiss you on the cheek the
end he's livid here's 20 iSeries
downstairs so do you wanna kiss on the
cheek or you wanna get a purple nurple
from Taylor this video get more views
from kissing Quinton's oh how about all
Quinton oh he's still asleep so we're
gonna have to go wake him up why'd you
call me
look I got it I gotta have you do
something for me that most most guys
wouldn't do what did dice kiss him or
you to kiss me I have to kiss you on the
cheek
no yes we do this all the time okay well
where are your pants get it my butt
cheek I'll meet you upstairs in a minute
let me get ready it should have been you
know I'm sweating a little bit of just
scared and nervous he will he won't like
it we're doing it on the bed you guys
get out take your brush with you hey
sweetie
yeah all right gonna get it said oh yeah
he's been sick if this is beautiful I
reserve the right to cry Kristen if you
get excited you leave Bob Dylan's only
boy you kiss before true
go home now there's no more telling
people were straight should have been
you you wish that was you yeah there's a
little only four left I haven't even
gotten one I hate my life anyway okay um
who started to like for me yeah
jumpin the marshmallows on the Tramp or
try roses dog food back to the marshal
you have to do it barefoot and you have
to jump in them why do you want to try
roses dog food Taylor for all you know
it's really really good and you're
missing out are they sticking to your
feet you can't wash your feet till this
videos over
speaking of rose we have to go get it
from the vet in like an hour
where's Tarn Tristan hey no more free
passes for you to sign I'll actually
have to freaking do something my gosh
foot in toilet in flush or Joe go Joe go
go jump in foam pit hi can I get the
less dumbed down version because I
didn't have very much room on that he
has to stick its foot in the toilet and
flush the toilet with his foot inside of
it where he has to jump inside of our
nasty foam pit I'm gonna flush my foot
your choice you have a white shirt on
yeah we're going to mom's yep yes it is
the toilet of your choice just do it
don't have to do it again your foot not
even in it Oh stick it down in it stick
it down in there you cheater
I much stick it down here it doesn't
know my own time is up get in there now
you can be done good comments Oh gross
how many more left Taylor there's only
two left so Tristan just went so that
means there's equal amount yeah would
you rather lick a grass skittle or
squeeze a wet foam block over your head
oh my god I was hoping I didn't get this
one he's probably the nastiest one of
all
okay so there's like a ton of skittles
in our grass that have just been slowly
disintegrating found which Taylor would
have gotten this one yeah I know right I
was trying to clean out the foam pit the
other day and it is disgusting so I'll
go lick a grass skittle see how good
they are
here you can record tailor practice for
when you are youtuber you know how to
record which file that one that one or
that one that one okay I get it
oh they all dirt all over love um it
still tastes like skittles like two
weeks before that probably last one let
me just get the skittles off of my
frickin head just think it myself
no okay get it there's one button and
stand in the pool for ten seconds is
antifreeze in it means it's freezing or
eat a marshmallow off of the tramp
I don't know it's like eat it
I've jumped in the pool of antifreeze
because I didn't know and I opened it up
and jumped in and it was freezing but I
was fine
the antifreeze just keeps it from like
freezing like ice it's still poisonous
do you want to lose some toes or do you
want to like throw up later and I'm just
swallowing yeah yeah yeah just follow a
little pool why why won't you swallow a
marshmallow they're really good
you're disgusting oh god there's ice on
the cover and okay that's good that's
good gross you're gross look at it you
know it's full of a clock alright
whenever you enter I'll start it three
four five six seven eight nine ten you
go
oh my god it's lunch over it's so cold
Taylor imagine jumping in that I did
that it was horrible there's some towels
up there I like this hat let me go shut
the pool before we do the outro oh that
was fun
Tristan only got one day our kind of
bullcrap - whatever well guys that is
basically for this video I'm guessing
it's a little bit shorter video I didn't
film a video yesterday so this was like
all happened this morning so we didn't
have time for many dares but um here's
your hat thank you guys so much
everyone's stuck to the end and I hope
you guys enjoyed it don't forget to
leave like it depends if you enjoyed
subscribe you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out kanae Mahal
Eddie my bow Oh
what was my fault
fuck you came in looking like that you
just maybe trick
