hello yeah hello
when do we take rose to the vet whenever
you want she can stay there the rest of
the day and pick her up Friday see you
later
oh but that was my first phone call on
the Apple watch
cool so basically Rose is getting fixed
today so that she can't puppies I talked
about that in my last video we bring her
in and she'll be gone for like two days
so it'll be a very peaceful two days
where I don't wake up at 5:00 a.m. but
I'll miss her
for sure Rose be ready for your big day
the bottom of my shoes are so nasty
because I had to go step on the
trampoline whenever you're cleaning the
pancake off oh no way she's gonna go on
in No go on get in there go on oh jeez -
every inch you don't want to trusted
come on Rose they don't even have a dog
what are you doing time to play catch
Rose hey here you record all grabber
rosin you sucker
now that's my seat backup come here hey
you guys know this new stereo I got
right how you plug it in and it like
charges your phone on the seven and you
can still listen to music by using the
radio can you quit breathing sorry I'm
trying to record a video the thing just
broke off in my phone and now I can't
get it out so we're gonna be writing in
silence Rose we're here there you go
this way
look what cheated oh yeah Rose sheds now
let's see it like a lot
you'll go all the way down here I'll see
you soon thank you still have surgery
tomorrow so then you pick her up Friday
okay thank you
all right so Rose will stay there for
two days
and then she won't have kids and then
she'll be fine and now we're gonna go
home and this thing is still stuck in my
phone what a day so far so we got it out
and it's just literally the lightning
cable just fell off for some reason so I
got it Ralph I got it I got an e so uh
Best Buy what the heck I still don't
hate you as much as Walmart but come on
seriously I guess I still have Taco Bell
and IHOP as my trusted brands best buys
on the fence right now I think we should
definitely clean the backyard while
she's gone
but now there's gonna be nobody to wake
me up early and now I'm gonna start my
day later and there's no one to bite me
I guess I won't miss that but haha I
already miss her same dude I've got to
clean the backyard life a whole book bit
on fire I want to light the fopen on
fire so bad but my mom's like ya didn't
do it alright first let's take a look oh
my god yeah I tried to get it all off
did not work I didn't try very hard but
just got these socks Brittany oh they're
diamond they're sweet and hopefully I
don't ruin them but I'm gonna start
cleaning out this foam pit we're gonna
have to do like one truckload at a time
so we're gonna have to get as much foam
as we can and throw it in the back of my
mom's truck and just bring it to the
landfill truckload by truckload however
long that will take
I don't know but I guess before I do
that I will do one last jump into the
foam pit off this trampoline of course
try not to hit all the marshmallows and
yeah we got to get started on cleaning
this backyard if we ever want to move
I'm still not sure whenever we're gonna
move but if I had to guess it'd be
somewhere around two months before we
move so it's a little longer than I'd
like but there's really nothing we can
do about it so well this is gonna hurt
so bad guys I'm not even kidding
let's do just a little drop into it
first oh it's just it's horrible it's
just so gross there we go three two one
Oh Oh you do the leaves they just went
all over my back and I'm going commando
right now that means I don't have any
underwear on and that means it's all
down my butt why sweet now I can it's
the rest of the day this is going to
take so long to clean out especially
without help guys you don't know how bad
I just want to light a match and I guess
I'm going to slowly start throwing the
foam from there over here and then just
bring it through the garage and into my
mom's truck because I can't think of any
faster way to do it I don't have like a
wagon oh this one's so heavy oh my god
just look how much water is in this ah I
don't want to throw it because I feel
like it's gonna just fly everywhere hey
you know what let's get the tarp off
there's so many of my sister's pillows
in here because I thought I was just
gonna put the tarp on and it'd be fine
but that's not the case
mom was always right she said if I got a
foam pit I would ruin it
it's too heavy it looks like coca-cola
is just running down the tarp I might
have to go with Plan B and have someone
else help me because I don't know if
this is possible I just want to know how
many animals I'll find cleaning this out
why is there newspaper on this we don't
even have what guys I promised you the
new house will not be like this we will
not trash the new house that is a Tanner
brogard promise okay it'll be beautiful
ha I guess I'm gonna have to wait till
Quentin's done being sick so that he can
come help me but if you're watching this
I'm sorry oh yeah I remember this
doghouse we set up for Rose well we
tried to put a pad in there so maybe
she's sleeping there she definitely
never did and the wind literally blew
the top off of this I guess you're
supposed to screw that in but we never
did all right so I really had no idea
what the rest of this video is gonna be
about because I had nothing to do all
day long literally probably one of the
most boring days ever and yeah I
realized I do weekly Q&A so that's
exactly what we're gonna do right now
tweet it out on Twitter tweeting on
Twitter and yeah I'm about to go answer
you guys his questions
I just went to Walmart and bought this
new controller because I'm starting to
play xbox again I want to relive my
childhood a little bit because I spend a
lot of my time at the computer and
making videos and not only did my aux
car thingy break that I told you guys
about the little cord that goes into my
astros which is this headset right here
broke so I bought this new controller so
now I can actually put on like normal
headphones and this is a mic so yeah do
you have a girlfriend
still no not yet why won't you FaceTime
me again well she didn't leave the phone
number else I would have how many
dollars have you spent at IHOP I have no
idea probably too many but hey it's good
who do you want to collaborate with in
2017 and right off the bat faze clan I
want to go to face House LA so bad I've
watched the phase guys for years I don't
know how many of you guys know who they
are but they're just a really awesome
group of guys I've watched their videos
for a really long time so it would be
really cool to me and hang out with them
so yeah why don't you join my xbox live
parties well I didn't have a headset but
now I do so now I'll join how many kids
do you want if you want any kids I want
at least probably three kids just
because I think it'd be awesome to have
kids and you know if you're gonna have
one might as well have three so I don't
know I just want a kid for my life of a
teenage dad series well Taylor ever
upload he's talking about my sister here
yes I think she will eventually probably
like this summer she'll probably start
uploading videos I hope I'm trying
really hard to make her because I know a
lot of you guys would love my sister's
videos I'm trying
to convince her but I don't know
probably sometime soon so how did you in
Kuantan become friends well mean Quintin
actually were friends in kindergarten we
went to the same elementary school and
then we went to the same middle school
in high school and now we both just hang
out all the time we were always friends
and then we became really good friends
in like eighth grade and just now we're
still friends what's your middle name
I've said this in previous ones but it's
lain pretty lame Oh Quentin how much
longer is your middle finger than your
index finger it's I don't know what I
think software do you use and how much
time do you spend editing a day I use
Adobe Premiere Elements 14 it's probably
not the best it's a pretty simple
program but if I wanted to take the time
to learn another one I would probably
use Final Cut Pro I used to use Premiere
Pro but then I quit because this was
just easier and I already knew
everything about it and I probably spend
at least 3 to 4 hours editing every day
I've always been really picky with how
my videos turns out which can be a good
and bad thing but I hope in 2017 I
loosen up a little bit and just be able
to leave in more stuff and stop caring
so much about the editing but sitting at
my desk does get very very boring so
yeah what inspired you to start social
media and YouTube well I've watched
YouTube for years and years before I
started doing YouTube and that's like it
replaced TV I used to watch TV all the
time and then I just watch youtubers
everyday I got home from school you can
actually see on your phone how much of
your battery is being used on what apps
and mine was like 21 hours a week on
YouTube which is ridiculous and I had
always had a love for making videos and
I still have that love even though
editing kind of sucks sometimes but it's
all part of the fun so and there's a lot
of other youtubers that inspired me and
now I've had the opportunity to meet and
talk to some of them so it's pretty cool
how many fans do you meet off camera
every day or just whenever you go
outside of home well in my hometown like
everyone knows me is like the YouTube
kid I guess so basically every time I go
outside here like whenever I went to
Walmart to buy this probably like three
or four people and it's also kind of
like that for California just cuz I feel
like a lot of like youtubers live there
so they I don't know they look out maybe
but I can say like go out and eat dinner
with my family just fine maybe like one
picture I don't really know but if you
guys see me in public don't be shy
because there's some people go up and
like take pictures of me from 30 feet
away when you guys could just say you
know hey what's up what was your
favorite trampoline versus that you
filmed probably trampoline versus bleats
just because it was hilarious I thought
and it was literally just water and it
was just funny it was in summer and it
was warm and fun and yeah what are your
plans for some new merch I'm just so
so busy right now like I don't even have
time to worry about merge but I want to
continue to make good clothing because I
feel like right now I've made like some
decent stuff decent designs but I want
to make like actual good ones that take
some time and I also got to find someone
that can print whatever I want because
we've dealt with companies in the past I
can only print like on the front of the
t-shirt or on the back or something like
they can't do the sleeves so it's a
little bit of a complicated process but
are we gonna figure it out and we'll get
it done
same kid do you still play guitar hero
sometimes and no I don't my guitar hero
is in my storage room but as soon as we
move you better believe I'm hooking it
up to a TV and I'm rocking out okay and
if you guys have never seen me play
guitar hero here's a clip so yeah I
guess that does it for the weekly Q&A
I'm starting to like this more because
then I get answer you guys questions and
I used to do like a Q&A once every two
months so not enough but I like doing
this and yeah I guess that is basically
it for this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it they hear so much to everyone
the stuck to the end don't forget to
leave a like and share with friends if
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
