it smells like pancakes and sounds like
loudness oh yeah you know this isn't
really IHOP but I'm putting on the
thumbnail like these guys don't be mad
if you guys watched my last video I said
four million subscribers in 2017 I ain't
gonna get there without like baby really
good how many are we at hey hey we're
going for like 50 pancakes good we also
bought like a gallon of syrup and then
two dozen eggs no that's more than a
dozen three dozen eggs and a lot of
orange juice because I always get one
juice whenever go to IHOP I'm going to
be using the rectangle trampoline in
this one even though it's Rd gross I
mean what else could it do - it's like
really cold outside - and I don't want
to wear any clothes my brother is
actually going to be helping me with
this video because Dylan and Quentin are
both not able to Quentin is still sick
and I don't know what Dylan's doing so
yeah hey hey guys look at how big she's
got see this is bad yeah you're gonna
get some okay I promise we should have
pancakes for dinner tonight whether you
like it or not that's what don't we just
for watch yeah we don't care we just
won't die huh what you're cooking my
eggs yeah I was gonna have a raw oh well
oh there's a whole roll you know we'll
do half raw half scramble okay oh my god
no no no see all these little holes yeah
you know what that reminds me of try no
phobia or try Beaufort we had something
weird I have it it's horrible it's like
your fear of holes what it just looks
disgusting like look at that almost
burnt one good thing we're not eating
I'm scared to put like chai put a
picture on the screen of what try to
know phobia is you can try it on good
morning trigger yeah
alright guys close your eyes three two
one
I guarantee at pukes looking that up why
why did I do that
heard of that you want to see a picture
I guess I'll watch your video I'll show
you a picture right now so I'll show you
the same one I'm gonna put on the screen
like those holes they bother you so you
could not walk on them no no I couldn't
oh it's trypophobia oh my god a tripod
alright here's a picture oh that's just
gross told you I would like a fear of
holes what is that picture of that's it
that's a guy's face that's like some
kind of disorder is no it's like a
disease it's weird oh no it's gross is
what it is you have trypophobia tristan
have you ever watched PETA guys videos
yeah yeah don't you think don't you
think that's gross exactly yeah you'll
never look at pancake the same guys no
more IHOP for me whatever you you it's
right there oh my god I hate my life
look at that guy's
chef Tanner in the house no idea what
I'm doing you just say we're not giving
a house for the new house yes we are we
can give him a house tour this one when
we leave the one they've probably seen
through a dolly they pieced it all
together oh man oh my god I hate
pancakes so much now we're almost done
thank you for your help your mom
that voice crashed I'll go light rows in
bro we're dropping rose off at the vet
tomorrow for two days because she is
getting her woman parts detached
I guess I'm I don't know exactly what
they're doing but they're fixing her so
she can't have puppies because we don't
want puppies and she won't quit humping
us so yeah come on oh by the way I have
my mom's old paint clothes on because
syrup and I don't want to ruin my own
clothes so yeah he said that right rose
you ready for some dinner no she's ready
to leave me hey hey give it back
well she's gonna rip your a painting
shirt let's do a uh let's do a curl with
daughter ah oh you're gonna make me hit
myself in the face
thank you very much hey the skittles are
starting to dissolve kinda that's cool
let's check on the marshmallows I bet
these are all stuck to the trampoline
look at that we need to clean out the
foam pit soon they won't budge we need
to make the world's biggest s'more all
right we're gonna be using this one for
this still pretty dirty this might be
the thing to ruin it with all the syrup
I don't know guess we'll have to find
out okay guy who got them all though how
do you focus it yes
how do you focus it Bingle myself you
said those cabinets of flavor looks
better sorry how many are in this and
one behind you yeah there are 59 total
that's a lot of cakes and they're on
pans so their pancakes these were
totally made and IHOP every one of them
got it you do yeah Oh cricket on shoes
it's chilly out here yeah I know why is
there flour on it it's not the skittles
that's what happens when skittles die
and just turn white there's steam coming
off of them oh yeah they look golden in
the sunlight oh so beautiful
are we ready I guess all right so we
have half cooked eggs they're in that
pot back there and then we have 18 raw
eggs so 18 cooked 18 raw these are about
to fall over and it's cold and it's
freezing
hey some traveling versus eat pancakes
here's how we do things usually bring
the eggs first at IHOP so you know let's
just sprinkle these right here
good enough oh this is gonna be your
first traveling versus Tristan are you
ready I'm so ready man
all right you get those pancakes and
he's got a kind of okay set him down
very gently yeah better hit me oh
they're gooey and hot in the middle I'm
what gun my hair what's in syrup on our
baby
all right here okay well I warm up with
some orange juice Brett uh only we had
Quentin here to stab the back of it so
it all went out faster dude I bought two
not knowing if it's gonna be enough but
oh yeah this is enough uh-huh I don't
want to jump in this anymore me before
we do this other one put it on the
pancakes unless you want to drink it
it's both drink hours okay but yours is
better but mine is an actual drinking
this is gonna be so disgusting Danaher
Cheers
I just got some orange juice on my
pancakes yo oh I'm gonna ruin my white
shorts that is is so gross opens rain
break yeah I'm saving the rest for later
I hate it whenever I drink my own she
was too fast and I run out I shouldn't
have left the shoes on huh
we're gonna have to wash those shoes oh
no no no look at that though no you're
gonna throw it I to get a hair day today
that's sad hi you go that didn't work Oh
to my elbow catch it with my elbow ah
you catch it I'm sorry are you watch me
juggle some eggs real quick Oh try
squeezing in your hand you can't do it
if you squeeze an egg it's hard as you
can it won't break oh no my feet are too
cold let's not throw many Taylor here ah
here pick up like a few pancakes Oh
ah my head you oh it's all over
hey gun stock up or cake hey kegs oh
well they're so warm like it honestly
feels kind of nice
oh let me try it dude these warm your
hands seriously pick some up yeah tastes
like orange juice coffee karate Oh see
isn't traveling versus fun you want to
join me in the actual fun part the clean
up got it it didn't break I got actually
do some tricks in this one into the
treats you realize that when you were
looking that you probably ate some right
how many points did that get all of our
pancakes are messed up now guys know
there's a couple that are okay oh thank
god I've never wanted to shower more in
my life same oh my god you want to try
some bracelets yeah I just started
selling them Oh guys I have to be
freezing my hands are cold from orange
juice I want to go home it's like a wet
t-shirt contest but with syrup I just
want a new hat mom there's like half
pancake half tree limbs cuz I kind of
went into the tree and now I have to go
take a shower
uh-oh uh-oh the syrup is like sealing my
neck wrinkles uh ready bat helmet let's
go inside it might
it ain't my fault she's be careful
getting off of slippery okay come get a
pan okay I totally mess up the camera
okay guys that was probably the worst
trampoline verses we've ever done unlike
the gross and the scale because my hair
still feels really disgusting my back
was like itchy from all the syrup it was
really nasty but I mean it was kind of
fun flopping around at first all of my
leg hairs were just like one big leg
hair it was gross and I'm about to have
to go scoop all that off the trampoline
that's going to be fun we're actually
going to give cleanup this time because
we actually want to move out of this
house and we have to sell this house so
I wanted to kind of look good and also
I'm not sure if we should take that big
blue trampoline that I did this video
with to the new house because as you
guys saw it's really gross it's still
pretty bouncy though so I think I might
take it as long as the syrup doesn't
ruin it completely I think I will be
taking it to whatever house we move into
and I will probably use that as the
designated trampoline versus trampoline
which I'm not sure how long I will do
the trampoline versus videos but I mean
just in case you might as well bring
that trampoline wherever we move I can
promise you there will be a lot of
trampolines and yeah I'm gonna go take
like three more showers but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you so
much everyone to watch till the end and
don't forget to leave a like and share
the friends if you enjoyed subscribe for
new and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out
you came looking like that you just
maybe
