hey everybody its Luna the dog going to
scratch up people's supercars why are
you coughing in my video deal I'm sick
I'm sorry
bless you no thinks he can just sneeze
and cough and ruined is that what you
think yeah is that really what you think
go just go
you're not even allowed in the Attic but
seriously Luna scratched the piss out of
my alright it's in yesterday's video if
you guys wanna check it out but what are
you gonna like guys today we're back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day keemstar likes me did she just
chew a hole in my favorite pillow she
sure did oh my gosh she were in a super
core now you ruined his pillow we
shouldn't have gotten this dog I think
the bed might have went down to two
dollars starting the bid for Luna two
dollars leave a comment yeah I was on
drama ler I've been on there like twice
in my whole life which is crazy right
all I did was make a music video that
took no talent like my videos are pretty
funny I think I spent a lot of time on
him I make one that's crap and look all
of these new viewers that's how they do
it I actually kind of like this song I
know it's a joke it's just for
entertainment I made a whole video on
that yesterday here's the clip from
dramaalert
and speaking about bad youtuber music uh
Tanner Brite I don't know how to say his
last name
I uploaded a music video titled no place
like home featuring kendall schmidt and
well the funniest thing about this is he
takes digs at team ten and well bro your
music is not any better
okay listen to this cringe roll it
haha I'm sorry tanner you seem like a
good kid mean you've talked from time to
time on the Twitter's like I follow you
but like I just don't sing bro just
don't don't make music nope no yeah he
went very easy on me compared to like
Jake Paul and all of them so yay today
what are you doing
waiting for your husband to return from
war oh wait that's right you were
humping Luna so you're waiting for your
wife to return from dog war PM wars
we're playing zombies from World War two
finish this game I'll show you guys what
I get it better be around 30 and then we
will continue with the vlog because
zombies is just so much more important
than my career
let's go round 29 we're about to get to
ready ready ready we're gonna climb up
here check it out yeah that's right your
boys back on the Xbox grind back in
flips I'm really just killing the game
altogether
I got claymores on claymores oh god it's
the dogs matter they're all Lunas her
pubes Brown 31 we're gonna in the
zombies game there if I ended I mean I'm
gonna pause it right here and finish it
later now we got to show you guys what
we bought for the Attic we've got three
new things all from the same store it's
a weird store it's where Tristan got
that dragon head it scared me croc to
the nut no the ribs actually the hurt
you ugly piece of garbage haven't done
an attic update in a little while so
first one is Bob Ross
Tristan's childhood idol nice haircut
thanks I've been wearing a hat I look
like a 50 year old woman is he gonna
work is he gonna turn on I want to hear
his gentle voice caress my soul we got
the dreamcatcher it is actually huge
like you guys know how big this takes
your eyes we put it up there and there's
three of them and it catches all your
dreams
so you'll wake up you won't remember
 and last but not least never mind
we got four items this is the third one
here do that to Bob Ross wait
thanks Bob Ross oh by the way this I got
a jacket that looks like the freakin
attic this is the attic in a jacket this
was 90 bucks this was an expensive goof
that's half as much as the dragon how
much was the dragon Jesus Christ now I
am one with the Attic hello i'm bob ross
and i'd like to welcome you first of all
let me take just a moment to thank you
for allowing me back into your homes if
this is your first time with us let me
extend a personal invitation for you to
drag out your oil paints and paint along
with us each week let's go over to the
canvas here and let's get started
every day's a good day now if I'm ever
on a trip or I'm far away from my attic
I can take a little piece of it with me
Claire trees by the way the guy behind
the camera
well actually I'm behind the camera but
the guy that was behind the camera for
all that stuff his name's Logan we have
our own Logan Paul right here looking
low subscriber bike seat rocker calm and
clean for life hey bro you good you need
a survey we're back inside we're playing
zombies get it check it out
round 39 now oh oh what should I say 40
and I got a max ammo I got the claymore
corner piling up got my Zeus cannon so
my goal also gets around 50 we're gonna
pause it for a bit we're gonna go
upstairs because dinner is ready let's
go eat well we're done eating and I'm
still on around 40 because I didn't film
any of eating and I haven't played
zombies again I forgot to film up there
but I want you guys to get to know Logan
more I've already said in the vlog that
I've known him basically my whole life
and he comes over a lot more and we
basically we work out my xbox and then
he goes home like I think we should do a
workout at it because he has muscles and
then he's gonna teach me how to get
muscles we already worked out today but
guess what we're gonna do it again and
the calluses are coming in hot okay
Logan let's see what you got brother
curl okay and then you put it back down
and then you do it again term limits
here you can almost paint with anything
all you have to do is practice there are
no limits here you start out by
believing here this is your world
and for you to - cannabis your undying
you know that you can do because you can
do
that's done all right what's next buddy
oh the strum bars broken
you guys gonna break my real guitar last
one is shoulder press down okay come on
you got ten
you try it go go go go oh gosh all right
Logan wins thanks for the tutorials over
oh I think I'm getting the hang of it
all right let's put the orange one back
on perfect Logan we are one level away
okay what time is it now 14 oh my god
I've been on this game for like three
and a half hours guys oh so many zombies
but I'm not failing because I've had my
practice I went hard in seventh grade
and I'm redeeming myself I think this is
one of my highest rounds on this map I
got to round 111 on black ops 2 back in
my prime hey guys today we're back with
another commentary and I went black ops
1 5 likes and I'll make a game channel
I'm just kidding I probably make a
gaming channel but what I will do is
blow up these zombies and then also I
really want to start live streaming I
want a live stream on YouTube like me
playing video games cuz I obviously love
video games I'm a teenage boy of course
of koi C oh I would love to play fort
night and zombies and Guitar Hero for
you guys that would be so much fun
especially if I'm having a really boring
day or if I just want to take a day off
I just want to understand the tan clan
even if you're on the fence about being
a tan Clint how did I get it just take
your time for real oh we would like for
around 50 on zombies it's not that easy
like I'm sure there's gonna be comments
like oh I did that last week in my sleep
dude I wouldn't even be this close to 50
if I didn't have on this shirt it's
clothing calm or tea bro go calm don't
forget about that one I love tea Bravo
guys I'm currently down and I don't even
know where I am
let's grab jug let's grab jug I barely
have enough for my perks guys holy crap
people they don't gain don't care but
I'm Carin significantly right now come
on we still got this
near the Creator is beeping freedom on
this canvas here it is a dream come true
check out the number of bullets I have
oh yeah baby and three two now I can do
something I've wanted to do for fifty
rounds goodbye so now that the zombies
game is done and it's not to warm up in
here I know his dad is going to help
with that soon he's gonna get insulation
so thank you very much anytime but once
the cedar warms up he should be
relatively warm either way I'm gonna
sleep in the Attic I think all that's
left is to say good night to our new
attic roommate it's Logan because he's
up here or more than anybody I mean
really you just got here buddy you just
come up here and just what the Rowan's
going back and forth back and forth
but yeah guys we're gonna go ahead in
this video you here in I hope you guys
enjoy didn't thank you so much watching
don't frequently like charter friends be
enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll see
you guys next one what if I took the
time to make Bob Ross say it ain't my
fault
you just maybe
