what is going on guys we are back and
today I actually already had a vlog
filmed I filmed most of it on this and I
ordered this little wind cover thing to
try to you know to try to block the wind
and I have one on this mic of course but
this one I think might just be a little
bit too big or maybe I place it in the
wrong spot it made the audio sound like
my finger was over at the whole time
which I thought this would help the
audio and I know a lot of youtubers have
this on this exact camera so I don't
know about this but since I don't have
that video to post I'll go ahead and do
the goals for 2017 video now I wanted to
do this video a few days later like
probably the last day of December but I
did one of these last year and I mean it
did really well so why not do it again
but yeah I just like to be able to look
back at my goals and last year's goal
was 3000 subscribers by the end of 2016
which we have done I don't even know the
other goals I think it might have been 1
million video views I don't know but we
reached all my goals of the last video
so it's time to make new goals 2016 is
mostly a great year for me I mean my
youtube channel and everything but also
I'd like a lot of problems like my
health and stuff is really annoying and
I've had to learn to deal with a lot of
stuff that was like never a part of my
life before YouTube or anything but in
2016 I probably learned more than I
learned all the years before in my
entire life so I did a lot more in 2016
than I had planned for and I'm thankful
for that and I find it kinda hard to set
goals for 2017 because I really have no
idea what's going to happen or what I
want to do some of the most successful
people in my eyes go to like television
and they do you know big stuff like that
where they're like singers well I can't
sing sets out but basically I'm starting
to decide what route I want to go with
my career and I started on YouTube of
course I'm gonna keep doing YouTube I've
always loved the social media thing and
I've been on it for years and years and
years and all around I just think it's
more fun to make youtube videos and film
myself doing whatever I want and have
that be my job than like going on a
television set and I don't know I can't
really act I mean I probably could if I
took a few acting classes I did like one
acting thing and I thought I was pretty
bad at it and it was just so weird I
don't know I just don't like acting that
much so that's probably my first goal
for 2017 is break out of my shell a
little bit more I still wanted to like
try new things and I also just want to
find out you know what else I like doing
you know there's lots of things I
haven't tried sounds like I'm talking
about drugs but I'm not but if nothing
else I just want to keep making YouTube
videos for you guys and just have fun
doing it still haven't got bored of it
so that's pretty cool so that's my first
goal the second goal would kind of go
along with the first one trying new
things but also meeting new people and
making new friends because just like
with the magcon thing whenever I went
and did that it was just a lot of fun
and I met guys that I would like never
see myself hanging out
it and they're just awesome people so I
also want to me like other social media
people and just do more collabs I guess
because I'm the most fun whenever I'm
like out and doing fun stuff like that
Oh Frick I never knew I had 235 million
views in my channel that's crazy
um alright I guess that changed the game
I was about to say like maybe 200
million video views turns out I've
already done that probably pay attention
more my next goal would probably be 500
million video views or half a billion
that would be insane and I think we can
do that I haven't really told you guys
how I feel about making daily videos in
2017 but what I think I'm going to be
doing is trying my best to make a video
every single day my goal would probably
be trying to miss no more than like
three or four uploads every month so I'm
gonna try to be posting videos as much
as possible because I feel like IO
videos to you guys because you subscribe
to my channel so I need to post as much
as I can and I like making videos and
it's my job so you know almost alien
right now at this very moment I have
almost 1.8 million subscribers and since
my channel didn't really blow up till
like June which is halfway through the
year I really can't decide if I want to
shoot for 3 million or 4 million
subscribers I think it's just really
based upon how much I work I know it's
really hard decision but I'm gonna go
ahead and go with 4 million subscribers
as the end goal for 2017 and I think we
can get it so you know might as well try
we got this next goal there's like way
more goals than last year but I want to
move in to the new house whatever house
that may be we're actually going to look
at a new house right after I get done
filming this we're going to look at a
lot of them because we've never bought a
house in a bigger price range and
whatever house we buy I want my whole
family to come home and just be like
happy to be in the house excited to come
home like this place feels like home to
me some of the houses we've looked at I
would never want to live in just because
they don't feel like home whenever I'm
in some of the houses we've looked at I
was just like thinking of all the videos
I can make there and I want to be able
to change in my videos a little bit
because I felt most of my videos in this
house or they just seemed like kind of
the same so I just want to mix things up
and I feel like it's just time for us to
move so I really want to do that soon I
think that'll be best for the whole
family second last one would be get rid
of my side pain because I still have
that sometimes it's getting a little bit
better but it's just really annoying
overall and I just don't have to worry
about it having getting in the way of my
videos and I also hate talking about it
to you guys and I still want to be
complaining to you guys all the time
like it's no fun yeah I get rid of the
side pain and my last one would probably
be just become a better person and be
happier you know I feel like I do a
pretty good job right now of helping
people and being a happy person but
there's still a lot of things that I
could do and I feel like if I was given
the opportunity to entertain you guys I
feel like I should be doing my best
make you guys's lives better so yeah
those are the things I want to focus on
I think that's good for goals
considering last year I had like three
yeah first time putting the hair up in
like awhile looks kind of bad right now
because I messed up and then I just you
know I don't know I might start wearing
it up again I kind of like it so yeah I
guess that's pretty much it for this
video I know it's a shorter video but
like I said my camera got my stuff so
yeah that is basically it for this video
I hope you guys enjoyed it don't forget
to leave like and share the friends if
you enjoy to subscribe you and I'll see
you guys the next one peace out oh and
me Kate Upton it's pretty obvious one
but yeah and if I don't then
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
