hey come on you ready to open some gifts
what is going on guys we are back and
today is actually Christmas day before
we go open any presents I just wanted to
tell you guys that a year ago today was
my first vlog ever
I made one video before that and it was
like a frequently asked questions off
Instagram but a year ago today was my
first vlog ever and I started out with
zero subscribers and here we are so it's
crazy how far we've come in a year and
today's gonna be a really fun day we're
gonna go open presents we're gonna go
see family and I will just try to make
it a good vlog yeah let's go I should
probably bring my stuff downstairs after
the bathtub videos I've about the same
enthusiasm as last year finally got the
presents under the tree like a day ago
and yeah we're gonna open the presents
here then we're gonna go to my dad's and
then my grandma's oh she's in the front
rows oh there you go did you go potty I
think you did we're just gonna say that
you did and you're gonna join us okay
let's go I'm sure there's gonna be a
gift for you
oh yeah we just rolled out the rugs
she's not used to the rug well this is
different
you like the rug you match the rug hey
Merry Christmas bite thank you hey no we
gotta wait a little bit yeah this is
roses gift see I like it
okay so stalking animal calendar oh I
looked at mine from last year once yeah
I got you a very special one this year
oh yeah I actually like Justin Bieber I
mean this this might be something that
wouldn't be on my wall but I just
thought you know you never hang it up so
I had to get one that was funny
thank you is that mine yeah yes the tile
thingy yeah
I've wanted a tile thingy for so long
yeah and then you go on the half right
there's a big one you put in your wallet
and a small anything on your key I
literally lose my keychain wallet every
other day and this is for your macbook
oh thank you not chew it up well yeah I
forgot you have a mac book by the way
Taylor I didn't get you anything for
Christmas I kind of bought you that a
month ago so ah I'm so happy that
required overnight shipping from amazon
thank you what Rose maybe she does like
talking on choko laughs would you get
Taco Bell gift card
I have gift cards I already have talking
about gift cards oh thank you mom
putting this back OH
says Tristan on it goodbye Rose you're
too loud that's good lighting off the
present I don't think you got me
anything oh do I get to keep this one
yeah I know you're extremely picky
anything exchangeable oh this is the
adidas things I was talking about these
in champs
yeah um thank you what'd you get Taylor
su crappiest wrapping paper ever because
it doesn't use - doesn't work at all
it's sparkly though who gets the big one
in the back what I would be truthful
that's dumb okay just a hoodie the
hoodie that goes with it
I was guessing thank you fam are those
Gucci flip-flops fam damn squad can't
guess what this is but you won't know
what it is is a poster is it mustard
tanner
this isn't Kate Upton I'm moving one
record mom this man I'll see one at a
time like I knew it I knew it it's
Ariana Grande what do i do man I didn't
know if you'd want to see I said you
even uses you know Oliver stuff for do
you know well I know all of our stuff
okay I don't think this is a poster no
faster read the fine print up at the top
Guns N'Roses
in Saint Louis st. Louis when is it in
July it's so long so far away but three
days after your 17th birthday Oh true
July 27 cool all right
thank you or seats this time well we
already went to guns and roses once but
I want to go again because last time I
recorded too much and then didn't
experience it at all so if you guys ever
go to a concert set your phone down or
your camera honestly because you're
never gonna look back at the footage
ever so yeah that's true an SD card
oh yeah youtuber now you can quit using
mine wait this is my big gift it's heavy
for a small little thing oh I feel like
I might know what I have no idea what
this is I'm scared mom okay you want to
go first
try what there you go I know that's
better than mine that's all thing like
yeah ball head this looks really fancy
now you can quit using both of mine I'm
gonna give you that camera - well looky
there
Christmas card you're our youtuber oh
this looks like it's from Apple I do it
yes I wrote it
why is this thing so long for an Apple
watch you could have got this for me
when I was still in public school so I
could cheat it on my test oh my gosh
I've wanted one forever oh man this
looks beautiful it's so long now I can
be stylish I think those things are
awesome is this like the sport kind or
whatever it's waterproof now I can
finally shower look at my watch I think
it's dead
how's it dead it's like well iPhone on
my wrist now I can dab and hit it on my
forehead and break it thank you you're
welcome
I love the all-black your last gift is
big butt hey last one cherish it I have
a feeling I know what that is
if the YouTube playbook know that that
should be my Christmas present from
YouTube oh yeah you asked dad if he got
these No I might end up with two of
these by the end of the day rose-gold
beats yeah solo three wireless oh
there's a third one I thought I just had
solo to your ring light buddy now you
can quit stealing mine get them it just
came right back I'm gonna have to pull a
Quentin pile drive this one open oh is
this for the watch
so you just plug this in your computer
and then set the watch on top screen
protector you look good I need to look
cool on airplanes because I literally
use the little iPhone one this is a
great start to Christmas I'm happy right
now anyone noticed Rosa quit barking hey
mom come here yeah since you were in the
mall shopping yeah she gave me two ideas
one was in the mall and she watches my
videos yeah but I have wanted one of
these forever and I don't know which one
you got so I mean literally like 10
years I was I just got the most
expensive one oh yeah if you wanted to
return it just tore the label oh yes I'm
not returning it just got the most
expensive and leave it to you do that
for
I was like please let him get a dart
good please yeah that's what I told him
thank you yeah love it it's from them
too but they did nothing they didn't go
get it or pay but uh uh is it good
enough it's beautiful I don't think you
have enough jewelry to fill all of these
you guys seen everything hanging on the
side of my frigging oh okay oh oh okay
thank you even though you use it all the
time already there you go thank you guys
check this out we're going to my messy
basement with my wallet and we will not
look and we will chuck it oh no it's
lost go over to my phone go into the
apps use wallet it's connecting Oh Oh
would you look at that it's like
whenever you lose your phone and you
have your friends call it but this one
never has its ringer off so it'll always
be able to be found
okay we're leaving now to go to our
dad's house sorry mom we're leaving you
alone on Christmas guys this should be
snowing but it's just windy and it was
raining earlier there's gonna be a
tornado number that's Mandy I said in
yesterday's peel box opening I would put
this on my keychain and I did Merry
Christmas Jenna Christmas oh yeah good
thing we have our titre mine are the
green ones hey Tristan what 360noscope I
should have brought a tripod so I can
just set it up remember last year I got
the fisheye and then I can see everyone
yeah should have used that are we going
yes
hey Kristen hey you know me so well then
okay we might have went for the mall and
bought this hey this matches almost
matches the one I have on the same thing
but different color Burgundy I don't
have any Burgundy yet hey hey hey
diamonds this is clickbait shirt
basically I'll wear this under my
clickbait jacket with my clickbait shoes
it means it's really bright and colorful
too people click on it diamond and click
me these socks are amazing this cats
giving everyone the business and then
these are like the coolest diamond socks
thank you I now have cats on my feet
alright so we're heading to my grandpa's
right now and then we're gonna go to my
grandma's after that and I'm gonna have
to stop for gas but I just realize I
didn't wear my Christmas sweater what am
I thinking like you see like now we
already left but I'm an idiot
ah I guess is okay hello
yeah finally now I can listen to the ox
in my truck yeah thank you guys I didn't
even see the Taco Bell gift card this is
the family one five pounds Hershey bar
thank you Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas Santa buys everyone be careful
will do hey it stopped raining wow it's
a nice sunny day now we're off to my
grandparents and I need to edit a video
it's been a while guys
Gracchus in there
it gets getting second grandma's house
put your hands where I can see them
check it oh cool
grandfather Steven what's up check out
my socks yeah courtesy I'm starting line
did you do that
no yeah you did no that's how you do it
what do you get Tristan oh hey I'll see
when I do stuff get it cuz you retard in
here there we go thank you
yeah this is the one hi Tristan this is
for you oh I might end up with two of
these buddy Oh mom that she had this ha
ha ha not this I'll take one one of the
only bad things about YouTube is you've
been on days like Christmas gotta upload
so you get to ignore your whole family
go in a separate room and edit alright
that's all done but now there's about to
be a big storm and I gotta head home to
upload the video so I'll see you later
Merry Christmas and thank you Oh lovey -
look at this stone Wow yeah it's right
there so I'll be around you storm
chasers episode 1d later Joker well guys
I would say that's a pretty successful
Christmas probably my favorite holiday
and it's always a lot of fun and it's
really about the storm so I'm gonna go
ahead and head home then probably go to
IHOP because I just got a bunch of gift
cards but yeah we've just had a lot of
stuff going on lately
January's gonna be super busy as I said
in my last video we're gonna be trying
to move into a house as soon as we can
but I hope you guys had a Merry
Christmas and again thank you guys so
much for sticking around and watching my
videos but that is basically for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it don't
forget to leave a like and share the
friends if you enjoyed it subscribe
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one peace out
all right back it ain't my fault if I
die
you came looking like that you just
maybe guys this is gonna be so cool
ready
