what is going on guys we are back he and
today I'm with my friend Dylan we're
about to do the Christmas special peel
box opening it's Christmas you guys not
to us yet but Merry Christmas to all of
you guys and yeah we're about to go get
all the packages from upstairs put them
in the bathtub
of course there's no other way to do it
and also my brother came down this
morning he was like hey tanner someone
puts silly string and stuff all over
your car and then I went look at my
truck as well and there was like eggs
all over it and if you didn't know eggs
can actually hurt the paint on your
vehicle if they sit there long enough so
I'll going to show you guys that right
now but I mean I'm typically a pretty
nice guy and I usually don't like react
to that stuff because then it just makes
me want to do it more but it's still our
property and I like I said I just can't
wait to freakin move wherever we move
better be gated mom they also egged my
house a bit but I mean there's all that
and then big shows in the bank yeah I
tried to wash it all off it didn't
really work all right let's go mom do
you remember whenever you saw people
that were successful and realized you've
never worked for anything she had to go
trash their stuff oh well we have some
boxes to open so let's do it you know
what we can do to get them back we could
bleach their yard and kill all their
grass sometimes what is this mom we
don't decorate with this we decorate
with boxes get this out of here all
right Linda Jer monitoring the box okay
shout out to my mom for the decoration
we also got red baptized
smells good that's a first we have
Christmas knives gene mines cooler
breath dude the bubble bath looks crazy
I think you can't even tell it's red
bomb to the public bubbles what were you
thinking
yeah we need more bubbles
in that way let's get in I've got my
Christmas underwear with the lights on
it and I also have my Christmas hat so
oh yeah I'm gonna guys what is he just
going to be able to write
and you yay let me sign my name I'm
pretty good at that yeah this isn't
working
oh the cat fell on
Hey we have enough tablets you can't
even leave it open okay first one big
time bran guard just like Big Time Rush
but better heck yeah dude what's what's
cut right into this one highly green of
my necks Christina quit Quigley Quigley
oh boy there's so much stuff already
first off we got the Big Time Rush
Hannah Berger fan art some tech dead
already
oh whoa Big John rush hat mom I would
put it on but I yeah a big time rush
shirt mom village a got me the whole big
time rep package the heck then they gave
me some long boards and a broom guard
Lamborghini thanks or a cell phone
there's nothing in you no no no no no no
I bet caution extreme flipper inside
Thank You tanner you got a union night
for the fall I yeah didn't let me out
that Hudson feel like that's not a name
oh wait last night yeah it's hard open
with the level kinda hard to open it
with a fake knife this is from Noah Oh
like the state of their name what's in
this box all of that for peace paper was
a sigh Tanner hello my name is race from
Michigan anyways I really want you to
watch one of my youtube videos maybe two
or three of them after you get out of
the bathtub ah here any day our wolf
star Pro all right thanks tanner please
do it please here's a Christmas card
from the person since it oh crap yeah he
doesn't say this smells like tobacco as
well Oh
binoculars there's some cars and there's
a watch too this watch is dope thank you
for this what happens eh L I see
seashells on the seashore and then give
me your money
you could blind someone just going on my
keychain oh this thing's actually strong
but it on the wall in a little picture
oh it's a middle finger if you man thank
you or your arms tired from holding on
yeah Oh God our lives we saw from Ethan
Zabala Jodie McPherson even Zabala Jodie
dick fats
hey what's it gonna be some sunglasses
how many
gee hey that's really weird setting
emoji Burmese in Cibola wouldn't heart
TB and cute haha you're not yeah better
so empty
oh Corvette Corvette that's dope thank
you for this big old bouncy ball oops I
dropped it
hi I'm Dylan hey he spells it the way
that everyone miss bills your and maybe
your games hi I'm Dylan this is my
drawing of your poster my channel is
fake trailers and I couldn't find any
Lamborghinis and Target so I got you a
Corvette I tried to find a picture of
Quentin but the only image I could find
was a Will Ferrell from hell
and why do you make you look like you're
like 30 oh thank you for this as well no
that was me I drew that dude this bass
cold already
maybe we should snuggle for one last
bubble bath we did all the bubbles were
gone by the time you were done Caitlin
stuck us oh I didn't just cut myself wow
you really I cut my thumb last time
right there and there's a scar there
this one's from Caleb Burgas a new type
out drop my knife in the tub most
dangerous deal box opening their world
oh my gosh with lasers alone duct tape
it's not popping mom unique right here I
know they're right there please being
useless when we have an American flag
don't suffer on the ground you know I
don't think that applies to all I just
hit an ornament is swinging its swinging
though they gave me a bunch of balls
it's from like a ball pit there's an
easter egg what's in it
don't drop it in the water gene my mom
the Japanese worried that from I don't
know it's like hold on this hand is not
from Florida well I'm actually sweet all
that is cool
what is that made of I don't know if
it's like plasticy this looks like a 3d
printed one since I don't I might play
but until those little people send you
these things you go to neg one just like
hey these are so cool I got ya I do have
an egg one we do these flashlights we
can film outside now
like we never feel maybe didn't our
trampoline versus darkness hey why you
literally have this exact keychain like
it's on your keys like that or this
lanyard you have this no mines uh mine's
a US Air Force punishment
no it's same hi this one's from well
there's no name on it so that my model
toy cars knock hell
Oh Oh they sent me a fisheye lens for
iPhone that's awesome my friend used to
have one of these they'll send me a new
Mouse and Snickers thank you I guess I
didn't see this we've covered with balls
oh there's a macro and a fisheye lens
Thank You Kayla and you test this out
should I put on my phone right now I get
like a POV of what we see model toy cars
check out what's inside guaranteed into
you Lambo
oh this is Diablo Lamborghini they sent
you that's a thing that's the biggest
fun thing that is a toy calamine y'all
guys ready for this POV my case kind of
messes it up but hi Dylan I open it up
give a personal experience with guys
this isn't normally I hold my phone I
don't want to drop it in the water
hi No hey they sent me more of the
lights remember I have the rainbow
lights that's awesome Thank You Luke
Finley
got it I think thank you Luke here mom
behind the scenes
oh god my alarms going off this is from
Elliott whole Justin Meyers your felon
Oh Phillip I read it that's the second
time in a row did that last video
ah the lesson though I chew toy for rows
three small Lambos a challenger that
they also sent me Rey Mysterio I
actually used to watch Debi W so thank
you I'm gonna do the rest of this
blindfolded if you don't want well I
just don't need morning's you don't get
it doc what yeah here's a card back of
this hey guys guess my card no give me a
box don't stab it Quinton is not here I
have to replace him come on I'm sure
you're really cool what is that
hey that is going on the fan art wall in
the new house if we ever moved mom can
we move already
that's from Nolan Fraser that's all hey
I have one of these someone sent one of
these a really long time ago oh no what
was that I was just bracelet okay this
is from Dalton Morgan's letters about it
going I'll send it from Leo and Carson
thank you guys for the big dollar bill
there's also fan art in there my hands
so plum Ember someone send me a smaller
one of these a little bit smaller long
time yep yeah all the guys hit again I
need a moist to tell end oh we almost
done already yeah high-five Quinn I
think this is probably the fastest Bo
box something you've ever done
look dad from from all fits doing flips
cause a bunch of stuff from Dalton
Morgan oh thank you um some gift cards
where do I get confetti ticket can I go
ahead and guarantee you that this is
completely I think these are more
festive glasses some babies is a bunch
of balls mama let you take it up taking
that quit now has a friend look at my
cat yeah is my hat getting wet yeah all
there's a shirt the big moment I'm the
king they gave me this big box for this
holdup hello put this on here to put it
on oh it smells really good it's almost
like it's for a woman look at our
instagrams on them I think she like
really really wanted a dude absolutely
love you she's 16 her name is Kaylee her
shirt doesn't fit she's from Kansas hey
I included a shirt of mine in a picture
hope that doesn't seem creepy just
ordered your poster and super pumped
together thank you
sure does smell good oh we're hanging
out next weekend we're pretty busy
January actually really are in January
we have to launch March with you go back
to California we also got to go get a
house we're watching this shirt and I'm
keeping it in my fan mail okay I can
note we watched the smell oh go away
hang it up on a hanger in your closet it
sound like it's already cup somewhat wet
there's a lot more mail but I know this
is Christmas for you guys and got stuff
to do so I guess we'll keep it a little
bit shorter today Dylan has to go to
church and I have to go to church as
well so I'm gonna go ahead and get this
shirt off hey oh I just had to held it
literally burning my throat mom well
guys that is basically for this video
thank you so much to everyone the start
to the end and I hope you guys enjoyed
it yeah thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave like
share the rounds if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out
quit thank you so much for covering the
outro you're the best
you'll do suck ah I can't
 you came looking like that you just
maybe check
