yeah what's going on guys today today
roses gonna bite us and every day after
for the rest of our lives today we are
going to finally get the light to my car
it's actually gonna happen
this has been long awaited probably over
a month now and it was supposed to
happen one time but it never did so it's
supposed to actually happen today and
I'm excited Quentin's coming with me
this morning because last time we tried
to do this he had to give me a ride back
and same with this time so I think it's
gonna take most of the day so we'll find
something else to do today while this
cars in the shop so we got the lights
and they're like little tiny things I'm
pretty sure they switch colors and
hopefully they can install these kind
because I was told that I might have to
get different ones but hopefully the
people can figure it out because I
really am sick of waiting so I guess
this is like an early Christmas present
to myself even though I bought these
like a month ago alright we've made to
see the dealership now I'm gonna find
out where I drop this thing off I have
permission to pull inside now ooh these
I don't even know if they'll work right
but thanks are fun this halo rings yeah
everybody this is Travis the guy that
sold me this car is the man it's okay my
favorite guy here either man yeah okay
so it is currently two days before
Christmas for us and I don't have
anything for my mom so we're gonna go
ahead and go I got to get her a present
so we're gonna go do that and who knows
maybe I'll find some more clickbait no I
just want pretty lights on my car so
what are you getting your brother for
Christmas we haven't pencils I would
love to show you guys what I'm getting
my mom but I can't because she watches
my videos for some reason
has something to do with it's a
PlayStation 4 I feel bad we dis dirtied
up her floor emoji pillows I like the
cat he's flipping everyone off when we
can't go out in public anymore
some guy just called him Popeye the
sailorman but he was just trying to sell
me something
so I about said Popeyes about to pop you
the guy that called Quinton Popeye just
came into this store and was like yeah
watch your videos and he's actually
really cool but he's probably like 35
I'm guessing he's like my oldest fan
Quentin's gonna get some sweats as a
Christmas present for me because he's so
good to me Quentin hurry up I can't
decide between the mediums of the heart
thank you okay Quentin you see that car
I don't know what it is it's yours then
it's on the list
he always says how he wants a car that
he doesn't know what it is it's a
Yatta Alfa Romeo
okay now we got to go get my mom's
present I wish I could tell you guys but
again you're a present from me
Quentin's present to me thank you thank
you hi so we have the present pretty
sure mom if you're watching this you
already know what it is that's a bummer
there's a lot of things going on so I
just got a call so I just got a call
from the place with the with the lights
and it's no bueno getting anyone guess
oh my god again they're the wrong lights
they have to be melted on and he said
there's too much of a risk and it could
potentially mess up my headlights
altogether that was like a waste of like
$250 and now I got a guy gotta order new
one it was over there goes my Christmas
present guys so now what I know I'm
shaving off my dad's beard today he's
growing out for a few months and I guess
he's finally sick of it so we're gonna
shave his beard today so I guess take me
back to my car so I can cry when there's
no freakin killing the lights on it I'm
gonna take myself too quick to Bruce
okay
goodbye fam well they washed in so
that's cool well guys it's a sad day how
ironic is it like oh my god I just hyped
it up again and then it didn't happen oh
well guys I just realized the sin nudes
thing that was on the back of my car was
on it whenever I dropped it off great
mommy I got a new shirt do you like it I
do like it the mall the guys that work
there know me now what's up hey whoa
slow down no we just got the floors
clean so now it's all slippery do you
see my snapchat last night it was a
slippery floor when I was dancing over
there I was here we should we reenact it
hey quit hugging me quit helping me stop
if I froze you guys ever just want to go
practice some flips but you can't
because both of your trampolines are
disgusting and you're too lazy to clean
them off that's me right now I'll just
do a quick flip to get it out of my
system
okay just spend the afternoon packaging
pop sockets and posters and yeah that's
it but we're going to my grandma's right
now apparently my cousins have early
Christmas presents for us so I'm very
curious to see what that is and of
course it's always fun when we go to
Grandma's house more pop sockets hey
leave the wrap give this ah okay where
are grandma's house now I probably
should have said that huh bring these to
the car look is this actual Christmas
opening no like we're just critter and
Lamia Scooby Doo 1 & 2 oh this is my
lockscreen forever so pretty good movie
yet hasn't even opened has it really
want turns out we're not doing Christmas
early just half the family is so this is
my Christmas present for the day I love
it so that means that we're still coming
back here on Christmas Day and I'll film
then and it'll be like actual Christmas
now we got to find something to do here
we are at the world's best trampoline
and to bring Maya sour spray someone
sent me this in fan mail pretty sure
it's poisonous just in case wait
there's poison let me drink it hmm it's
literally like it's like you're doing
fine right and then you hit the the
black part let's do a double shoot
kicking back look those are slides
where'd they go Oh
dab on the haters man I'm gonna puke
that sounds gross and some of the Oreo
balls that I need to throw up we do a
backflip off the wall of the net what
let's do it ready I'll make it look cool
ready Wow
dude here your your ticker again now I
almost died you died a tricker here we
go
God Frank wanna do a hen's videos as the
thumbnail we're shaping Phil over there
we go
guess what what I'm taking yourself no I
want some but they actually taste like
throw up now I think about it was that a
quad back I almost broke my leg that's
what it was I don't think I can win on
this so I can do a triple but I can't
land one on here oh yeah did you just
roll the clip
yeah yeah you're magic man oh dude start
bouncing this wood I have to deal with
there's a camera man I'm getting
gut-punched every time you jump I'm
tired now in the air you know we could
do what pop in that new scooby-doo movie
later I'm done fam can you get my shoes
where ooh let's see if we can go two for
two you know we should hide this and
then check up on it sometime we should
know that they can see it there yeah put
lower they won't expect it perfect
remind me to check on that sometime guys
hey not that fast bro what do you thank
you
right get in and I'll spin you I would
actually throw up goodnight a lot my
lady thanks for the a scooby-doo teeny
I'm washing when I get home so I gotta
go was he something cool with my gum
here it is I was gonna catch you back of
my mouth but that's not happening
what's up for you here at the crib set
my dad's house right now what's good
YouTube unpleasant lettuce ends play
great I'm here to shave my dad's beard
off
oh we're rolling by the way mister what
you're doing this at somewhere with
better lighting yeah all about hit the
deer I think you're a barber because
I've never seen such a wide assortment
of colors or we're out to save it half
way off please make it something funny
yeah we got me something well I want you
to leave them must have my wider
mustache she specifically said get rid
of me I don't you do this horribly how
do you work this put the bone right
there
now let me get started online real quick
good right there right here something
like this yeah you got to go all the way
up dude oh my gosh it's like 22 or 23
weeks I don't know what I'm doing this
is like mean Quentin cutting each
other's hair yeah I saw how that turned
out but this is hard I'm never becoming
a barber you're gonna look like a new
man for a million bucks same thing a
million man's business beard next
mustache like so funny
you can't look like a guy Looney Tunes
got his hat now you can go on a safari
what am I supposed to do this where yeah
I need a pair of overalls
I can't tell someday we're gonna we're
gonna look the same I'm gonna have my
beer here we have the final result I'm
gonna do a transformation ready yeah
guys you have to leave a light because
that's commitment guys 50,000 thumbs up
and he'll never grow another winks are
gross awesome thank you for the cookies
see you later good idea and I could see
in your beard gone yeah so you know what
dude if I take after my dad that'd be so
cool I'd have a huge beard I can
literally not ever imagine you having a
beard
No okay guys well I guess that's
basically for this video thank you for
the lighting but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace
 you came looking like that you just
maybe check
