what is going on guys today we are back
and we're doing the weekly Q&A right now
and today we're actually going to go
look at two more houses if you guys
haven't seen my last video you should
definitely go watch it basically we're
gonna go look at two more houses today
possible candidates for the new house
because stuff went wrong with the other
one but first I'm gonna go ahead and do
the weekly Q&A on Twitter
have you and Rose ever slept together um
no because I don't want to get bitten
all night long does your mom ever get
disappointed that you have posters of
Kate Upton in your room uh no because
it's my room and I'm a teenage boy and
my mom's never been the one to care
about stuff like that it's just a joke
so who cares what is the thirty-fifth
picture on your phone one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve wait wait wait wait starting from
the bottom at the top be 34 35 oh my god
dude it was one off of being a good one
too but whenever me and Quentin go take
pictures we always take a lot of ugly
ones too just cuz they're funny but oh
my well there you go when your side pain
stops do you think you'll get back into
flip training um yes definitely I'm
already starting to get back into it a
little bit just because I want to be
good whenever we like get the new
trampolines and the new house and
everything cuz I wanted I still like
flips are still a big part of my life
whenever I wake up in the morning i
watch youtube videos i watch like
pewdiepie and then the phase guys and i
watch like a bunch other youtubers but i
also still watch some flip videos cuz
that's just what i like i mean i'm not
as good as i used to be but I still love
doing it and I'm starting to think it's
kidney related because my mom's had
kidney problems and I take after her and
a lot of things and I googled it and I
found some remedies for kidney stuff and
one of the things was lemon juice so I
legit just went to Walmart and bought
this bottle of lemon juice and I've been
drinking it and I haven't really had any
side pain for the last like four or five
days so that's pretty good
it's so good dark 24:00 ass I know
you're healthy now but what is one of
your favorite food or drink unless you
have a favorite Quentin can answer -
well Quentin's not here um like I said
earlier uh lemon juice I'm definitely
not healthy that was just a joke in like
one or two videos I said it when I
bought a water
uh but sprite is probably one of my
favorite drinks I get it almost every
time I go to IHOP if I if I don't get an
orange juice it just depends if we go at
like 6:00 or midnight you don't even
know there's just a ton of stuff I eat
and it's all horrible so I just had two
pop-tarts before I film this jzs what's
the worst thing you ever did to a
sibling worst thing I've ever done to a
sibling I fought with Tristan alot but
probably the worst thing I've done is I
was going fishing and it was me and my
brother my sister and our babysitter and
I had a fishing pole and I was just
messing around throwing it and I threw
it and we were like just walking down
the dirt road to get to where we were
going fishing and I like I with a slack
and the lure landed on my sister's foot
and it got caught on like the top of her
foot and and the babysitter was like
freaking out looking back now I feel
kind of bad and then we had to take her
to the hospital and they'd cut it out so
that was probably the worst thing I've
ever done to a sibling she's fine now so
where in the world do you want to travel
to everywhere really why do you love
Quentin so much I don't know if you're
asking this in like a sarcastic gay way
but I love Quentin because he always has
my back and we do a lot of stupid fun
stuff together and we have the same
humor which is just dark and stupid and
me and Quinn are similar and a lot of
things so what are some cool videos you
have planned in the new house well
during this Q&A I haven't uploaded the
video that I uploaded before this one
which is we aren't getting the new house
so I can tell you what videos I plan in
the new new house if we get the one with
the guest house and everything else um I
really want to get like a blob you know
those things you put on a lake why I
want to like get one of those and flop
in our pond we're gonna have to dig out
the pond though because I don't think
it's very d trampling into the pond you
know we could do a ton of stuff and
honestly I just want to trick out that
guest house into my personal area make
it super sick and just make it something
that I want to like enjoy living in and
I've told you guys this before I just
want to make my new room and the new
house super awesome
so that's someone try to do and I'll
just probably come up with videos as I
go because I don't really have any like
specifically planned because we don't
know which one we're getting it so who
is your favorite mag convoy oh
definitely my boy blade gray I like all
the guys but Blake's my homie so yeah
and this will be the last one how do you
make a video every single day and
somehow still make it entertaining
content at first it was really really
hard because I was used to doing
the other day or whenever I wanted so I
could plan out the videos and make them
like what I thought was entertaining and
now I basically just have an idea
everyday or something that I plan to do
and we kind of just do whatever with it
and I just edit in the best stuff and
hope you guys like it that's basically
it I still can't decide if I should make
a video every day of 2017 like I know I
could but there's just some days where
you don't want to do it and I don't
think I could promise a video every day
because you know even Casey nice that
has some videos you know they're like
six minutes long of him just walk it
around or something which I mean some
people might find that entertaining but
I don't like uploading videos unless I
like the video so yeah that does it for
the QA and we're about to head out to go
see two new houses I don't even want to
think of any other houses like the first
one we looked at was so amazing I didn't
seem that excited in the video but I
actually really really liked it like
looking back and all the stuff that I
could do to it but we're gonna go look
at two other ones I'm gonna try to stay
open-minded and all right real quick
before we head out though I got to show
you guys how many text messages I've
been getting if you guys have me on
snapchat you've already seen this but
this is not including the first 10,000
because they all got erased and it's
been on airplane mode for about two days
now so I'm not counting the last two
days as well but look at this 17,000
text messages what the Frick
I don't even know how this phone still
works apparently now we're getting in
trouble for our trash can
oh great what is it today
off-brand bleach that says it's from
Santa okay well thank you it's frozen
here I'll just decorate for now there we
go okay let's go and someone wrote this
cannot wait to move someone wrote
sentence on the back of my car in the
dirt that's funny
okay house number two okay so we just
went in and looked at the house and they
had like this lady showing us around for
some reason I don't really understand
but basically she told me to erase all
my footage because I can't show the
house well there it is and this house
doesn't really appeal to me at all it's
just way too formal on the inside my mom
agrees and my sister as well so I'm
gonna leave and that's that and I'm also
not allowed to film at this other one
we're going to look at real quick so I
just want to be away from people like
there's neighbors right there and that's
just not what I want so okay guys so
basically I was just pretty annoyed
filming this part of the video because I
wasn't allowed to film inside the houses
it makes it sound like I hate people
like I don't want to be by anyone but
I'm just saying like we make a lot of
crazy videos and were loud and we make
messes and in a nice neighborhood like
that no neighbors gonna want our yard
looking horrible and then there's being
pretty they'll probably get pissed so
I'm pretty sure I get less annoyed as
this video goes on but yeah I just
thought I'd let you guys know that so I
guess I don't really know what this
video is gonna be about anymore since I
can't film what I planned just like in
the QA how do you make an entertaining
video every day well sometimes doesn't
get a plan like that lady legit watch me
film for a good 10 minutes before she
said anything at all like tell me when I
walk in to set the camera down like what
doesn't make any sense
whatever this roads crap anyway okay
guys so I still couldn't film inside of
this house but we just went and looked
at this other house and it's honestly
pretty crazy this one's quite a bit more
but there would be two extra bedrooms
basically my brother and sister would
each get like a half of the upstairs
there's a big living room and then my
mom's master and like the bathrooms
insane I wish I could show you guys it's
really knowing that I can't because
somehow that's a big deal there's also a
theater room and a few more things and
also Quentin was on the wall here's a
picture I put it on my snapchat and the
stairs to go upstairs there's like this
middle walkway and then there's a
balcony off into the living room and
then off the other side there's like a
grand staircase down to like where the
front door is he did saltwater pool in
the backyard just like we have now
obviously a lot smaller backyard but I
mean there's just tons of people around
here and it wouldn't be hard to find
this house either which is like one of
the big reasons why I want to move the
first house is a six-car garage and so
is this one so yeah we're about to go
show Taylor the first house because she
hasn't seen it yet she wasn't there
yesterday
whenever we went and looked so we're
gonna go do that right now I mean this
one's awesome it's like really really
cool I mean it's crazy that I'm even
deciding this as like 16 year old but
but yeah like I said we're gonna go show
my sister the first house right now and
I really need to pee here's the gate of
the other one that I didn't show you
guys last time because I didn't have
time look at that it's so cool and here
we are I just love this freakin house me
Parker I would Park only say nice things
about the house and remember we're on
private property
yeah you can't say anything bad about
anyone's house or else they get mad how
do you like it so far Taylor baby thats
what I said whenever I came up here
first oh there's another bedroom in here
yes option C would be take the things we
like out of each house find a piece of
land and build it she doesn't like this
house what is that it's our pool I wish
we could just combine both houses and I
kind of need my keys out of the house to
drive thank you all right see you guys
later what do you think would be the
best decision mom that doesn't help so
yeah guys we don't really have any idea
which one we're leaning towards because
there's like both of them are amazing
and I just wish that other house could
be out here like with the openness and
stuff but I don't know like I said
before I'll keep you guys updated and
it's left and here's all the fan mail
that I haven't used in any videos yet
and then my trunks full as well guess
what we're driving through wants us to
be at scooters at 5:00 oh yeah you
better hurry if you're gonna get that
right fine it's messed up all right guys
we're back home now but we actually made
a decision and we are getting the
murderers house right yeah
he was gonna be mad if I talked bad
about their house good yeah my mom's
making me video the house clean so you
guys don't comment mean stuff anymore
yeah we need to get rows fixed she's
been humping me lately I don't like it
this whole house is clean mom really
love this houses stay here mrs. Dacey
you're kidding right no that chair is
not clean
Oh mom the backyard is really clean too
till the head
another reason we should move into the
first one with the pond we can make
whatever mess we want no more cleaning
the trampoline after trampling versus
the wildlife will eat it hey hey
Oh your hair isn't blue anymore no looks
good I haven't put my hair up in forever
is it that right night yeah don't don't
hit my camera well guys I know this has
been a pretty boring video and I
apologize for that I was planning on
going into both houses and filming and
just having fun but that was not the
case and now I'm gonna go in my Taco
Bell but I hope you guys still enjoyed
this video thank you guys so much for
watching this video don't forget to
leave a like and share the runs if you
enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll see
you guys the next one peace app oh that
wasn't as cool as I thought it was gonna
be
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
