what is going on guys today we are back
and going to the post office right now
because I got to go pick up mail it's
been like three days since I've been
there but yeah it's been killing it on
the mail lately so we definitely have
enough for the p.o box openings why well
I hate it when it does this it like goes
to this little hole and then I have to
fish it back out yeah I in my life so
hard I'm not sure if I even have enough
room in my trunk in my backseat but I'm
just gonna take my car and hope for the
best so you guys saw in my last video
how much snow there was and we did the
flips into the snow went drifting and
stuff and well attempted to drift but
this is the roads now they're pretty
much all clear it was 40 degrees
yesterday so basically all the snow
melted Kansas always does that it goes
from negative 5 240 in a day it's so
weird but hopefully it snows on
Christmas cuz I kind of want a white
Christmas I just realized how close is
getting to Christmas my mom's out
christmas shopping right now always does
it like last minute today is like the
last day of public school for kids
around here my sister's in like her last
day of school before Christmas break I
know a lot of you guys are probably on
Christmas break but my mom called me
late last night and I have something
pretty important that I need to tell you
guys after I go to the p.o box I just
don't want to explain it on the road
also I was shopping at the mall
yesterday for some clickbait shoes if
you guys follow me on instagram and if
you watch my last video i guess i bought
these clickbait shoes because I've
clickbait swim trunks and a jacket but I
was getting in my car to leave the mall
yesterday after I bought those and a guy
pulled up in this really nice car and he
goes hey are you the kid that makes all
the crazy youtube videos I was like yeah
I guess and then he's like oh well I
work for the company that sold you your
car and he was telling me how he watches
my videos and how he knows about how I
have the halo lights if you guys don't
know I have halo lights that I want to
get installed on this car but apparently
it's like a pretty complicated thing and
no one around here wanted to do it but
basically this guy told me to go to his
work and he got me an appointment set up
for two days from now and I'm gonna be
going to get the lights on my car
finally it's actually happening this
time okay I'm like ninety-five percent
sure it's actually gonna happen this
time so fingers crossed
we got all of it yeah well that's a lot
of fan man you guys don't know how much
fan mail there is like oh my gosh I just
want to do a big gigantic Christmas p.o
box opening where we're not in a bathtub
it's just me and dylan and quentin maybe
even my brother and sister i don't know
and we just sit down and open all the
packages because we have so many and
i've only been choosing like half of
them for the bathtub one discuz there's
like not enough room for all the
packages up there oh no I'll figure
something out soon for that but okay so
I have some good news and some bad news
so basically you guys know the new house
that I've posted like three videos about
we've been inside of a lot we got like
all of our rooms and everything's set up
we were under contract with it and
whenever you buy a house you have to
have it inspected so we had a guy come
and inspect it like a day ago and then I
asked my mom how the inspection go I
text her and then my mom called me and
she was like don't freak out but there's
too many problems with the house that we
want to deal with I don't think I can
legally say was wrong with it but we'd
also have to put up a fence security
stuff and a lot more stuff so we
cancelled the contract and we're just
not getting the house anymore there's
all I can really say about it so that
really sucks and I would have been like
way more mad about it but let me go
light rosin and I would have been way
more mad about it but it's not like it's
the only house for us me tell the story
living we're still looking to move we're
still probably going to move we're
probably going to be looking at better
houses now we just want something
that'll work for all of us because
obviously my sister's gonna be living at
home for a while not sure about my
brother he'll probably live here another
year to at least me I'll probably live
here two more years at least it'll
probably be traveling a lot but I still
want something really cool that I can
make new videos in and again with
everyone knowing where i live some guys
were driving by honking yesterday for
like an hour I don't get it so yeah I
guess that's the bad news but I mean
good news is we're gonna go look at new
houses and there's always going to be
another chance to buy a new house it's
not like that's the only one out there
even though I already made a video
saying the new house we're hoping to
move in in January and now it's probably
going to be pushed back at least a
couple months and now we're gonna have
to go through all the steps that we did
with the other one to get it hey this is
not your shoot I think we're going to go
look at a new house today so yeah Rose
I'm sorry I showed you that cool house
that we're not going to be able to get
so yeah I don't know how much longer
we're going to be living in this house I
mean the backyard is completely trashed
there's skittles everywhere there's
marshmallows everywhere
bathtub still nasty I haven't even
cleaned it I've got to do that today Oh
God but if you guys watch the phase guys
like they just moved in to face house in
LA which is super cool but they said
they're going to be moving in like july
and now it's December and they just now
moved in so does take a while and I'm
really excited to make videos here still
because there's still a lot of stuff I
can do and I love this house and I want
to make you goals for 2017 video soon
and yet it's currently almost one
o'clock and quinton still sleep in my
room wake up sleepy oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god I just stepped I
just stepped in a marshmallow because
Rose ate them out of the Saket but right
there oh my god no no I don't want to
touch it you you you uh I finally got a
trailer cleaning the bathtub oh my god
it is the worst literally be worse once
marshmallow sit for two days in a
bathtub they become super super sticky
right now we're about to head out we're
going to visit a new house that my mom
is arranged for us to see and you take
it my retainers for I go cuz it's gonna
be annoying so this house is like 15
minutes out of where I live now all i
know is that a better have a balcony
that I can jump off for clickbait ha
what I just hit my not with my camera ok
so we are here there's like two houses
in this it's really weird it looks
really ugly from what I can tell but who
knows maybe it's cool on the inside I
don't know it looks kind of cool but I
guess we're gonna go check it out oh
that's the garage guest house house I
don't know let's go look oh my gosh dude
there's still marshmallow on my camera
there is a pond in the back that's dope
that's awesome I don't know where do we
go I seriously she's I should be in here
 up where are you my okay so that's
a whole separate house yeah yeah I saw
white Oh this means perfect you like the
pod yeah that's why we're doing this is
this some grand staircase I feel like
I'm in a castle this is all my 14 acres
oh do we get the gifts this is weird why
is it so ugly on the outside and then so
beautiful in here like what the heck go
check out the upstairs this is cray z oh
these are one of these vibrating
thingies that just make you lose weight
by shaking right that's cheating who
lives here is my question I feel like a
president should live here Oh what the
heck so this is a years yeah yo bro the
gun with a trampoline what's that that's
why just a little garden shed I think
wait let's see if this will work is a
balcony for clickbait it just might it's
kind of scary though there's bedrooms I
thought this was a waterbed no look they
collect cars too yep I don't think they
got theirs from fan mail losers pretty
cool pretty weird seems so old-fashioned
like like someone important lives here i
know i feel like i shouldn't do a
backflip in here or else everything's
gonna come crashing down so this house
doesn't come with a bathtub that's a
problem like a big bathtub we can do
pawn to p.o box opening what's in there
oh is this the garage that a little
sauna yeah is this a basement
yeah this is just for story didn't it
and geothermal heating like no that's
awesome I don't know what that means get
your science out of here let's look at
the deck now donkeys come back I didn't
mean it I feel like this would look a
lot better in the summer probably okay
time for the guest house we can't not
get in can oh my gosh you could take
this out and just make a connection to
the house and make this one big great
room or you could leave it into
something else I like the separate house
so this could be my house so that I can
learn to live on my own right so who
would live here I don't know that's what
we'd have to figure out what I feel as
if it's only fair or I could just hit
the separate house and I'll move out
before all of you guys um yeah just go
ahead and put down your half and we'll
get that so that means me and Quentin
and Dylan could all sleep together but
in different beds but in our house so
that's the YouTube house connected to
the normal house I'm gonna go lay in my
dad this would be my bedroom fail okay
this is crazy it's not a fireplace in my
frickin room that's not mine oh so this
is like a trusted place like the last
house I told the guy was not very
inspection didn't goo boo yeah like it
wasn't taken care of I guess but this
house obviously it would look Stephen
got like it I can poop put my feet up
here I don't want to do like fight if
this was mine what I did it's crazy I'd
have to fill the stuff with some cool
let's go look at the pool I haven't
looked at the pool from the outside as
cool as it is on the inside whenever we
drove up I literally thought that was
like a maintenance room for the pool
yeah I've a feeling no trampolines are
gonna be able to fit in here I be able
to fit it under here and only just like
the front half of the champ we have
probably you can jump off of that onto
it and said jumping onto the roof true
except this pool super skinny I'd die
till we go to the barn I guess it looks
all right just I think it's the color it
needs to look wooden like on the outside
I think it's just cuz it's so flat in
the front yeah let's find out we get
into this sushi you can
did it come to hana stuff cool but I
just want to know who lives here I just
want to buy this G of the motors steal
it you always tell me how you want to do
a motorcycle voila yeah I want to sport
bike 1000cc uses I'm jelly I'm going
back to the other house mom you know who
ever lived here what snobby he has fiji
water okay guys so this house is quite a
bit less than any of the other houses
that we were looking at right now we
actually get to go look at two other
ones tomorrow I think I'm gonna vlog
that not too sure but yeah I mean with
this pawn we could do a ton of different
videos you already know i'm gonna be
double backing right off here I wanted
like ramp BMX bikes and stuff I don't
know we could do a lot of crazy stuff
this one's more land and less house the
other ones are more house less land I
mean it's so dope I'm curious to see the
other ones but this one is amazing it's
awesome I need to figure out how deep
the pond is so I know how high of stuff
i can jump off cuz i mean jack head
that's scary we need to get someone to
wrap our house like their rap
Lamborghinis and wrap it with a would
like the wood floor exactly what so
looks like a cab yeah that would be cool
so how long do you think we could hang
out here before they kick it out mean
Courtney are gonna go do our last
important inspection before we decide if
we'd like the place five minutes from
ihop we're getting it deal do this
traveling so sick bro look at it the
structure I can't wait to die if I break
this do you think it might be x minus
one well you have one new girl it's
ready to go the truth oh this would it's
get ready okay from a 69 2 420 scale how
good is it one more thing before we head
out it comes with an ice skating rink
dude it was 40 degrees yesterday you're
stupid this looks so cool I'm scared to
let go oh oh oh you're lighter you get
on it look half of its not even to a
chair out there and see how thick it is
I don't hear any cracks who you like do
your workout yeah you don't do Oh
oh I don't feel like dying today so well
guy oh it looks cool from back here cuz
of the windows okay guys well we are
gonna go eat i'll keep you guys updated
on the situation is we still aren't sure
what we want or what we're gonna get
definitely want well i want a dirt bike
and this has Lance that is basically for
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
Vicki I so much for watching don't
forget to leave like insurance friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and i'll see you guys the next one peace
out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
