what is going on guys today I have the
best outfit on ever I've got the
clickbait jacket I've got the clickbait
swim trunks I had some pretty click baby
socks but they weren't like actually
click baby so I'm just wearing these
white ones for now but I just went by
the mall and I picked up some clickbait
shoes I got to show you guys them real
quick before we get into this video
get it on there perfect aren't they I
walked in the store because I needed
some new shoes because I practically
ruined one of my pairs during my last
video I stepped in a bunch of nasty
melted skittles that somehow melted in
the cold so yeah I walked in needing a
new pair of shoes and then I saw these
and I was like those are the ones I'm
gonna have to go take an Instagram
picture in all this wish I had some
clickbait socks oh I have a clickbait
hat I need a clickbait hat hookbait
sunglasses there's a lot more I have to
do guys we're not stopping here but for
now I think we're doing pretty good so
yeah trampoline versus marshmallows is
going down today
if you guys have read the title of this
video Quentin will be coming over in a
little bit we will head to Walmart pick
up a bunch of marshmallows I think we're
going to be doing it on the circle
trampoline just because the rectangle is
still completely nasty but we are going
to get a lot of marshmallows I'm gonna
make sure it's covered and yeah this is
literally the perfect outfit I also
clickbait underwear I just don't know
where it is or else I would be wearing
it why are we doing why you have all
your clickbait stuff we gotta take a
picture but we got to go to Walmart and
get marshmallows oh yeah are those girl
shoes no no they're guys shoes I asked
him why no I'm my promise so I just want
to eat while I was waiting on him and I
had to get gas while I was out and it
was it was pretty embarrassing but like
you look like a rainbow threw up on you
okay last one that's every marshmallow
there is here except these little tiny
ones but we
are you excited or what with a camera in
my hand we are taking one trip thank God
we have hope with us where I'm sorry I
don't like accepting compliments I'm
every teenage girl you'll ever meet you
know I I could get some if you want
don't let up all right now I'm gonna
help by getting this last one no you
want them all yeah I won on this and
though they're turning purple you're
getting the ice is melting it would tie
hey what's up
no God dang it follow me there we go
bones you ready dude she's not scared
anymore she ran off the other day I
thought we lost her he runs away they
all only one chip was taken that we
would use this trampoline but it is
disgusting so oh my arms are tired
here we go let's take our shoes off
everyone give him up all no that's gonna
get nasty my backyards trash anyway oh
my god you're wasting classic bags oh my
god it's gonna take forever to eat her
to clean up luggage yelling how many
more trampoline verses do you think will
do all of them we need trampoline vs.
snow trampoline vs. son like your son
that you're having like soon oh yeah I'm
having my wife giving birth on a
trampoline Rose keeps taking the bags
are pretty quick this will get Rho
something to tear up for the next day
you're gonna have indigestion yeah he
wants it gross
no I'm gonna be sick dude
why are you eating them then I didn't
peel box opening skittles then I did a
trampoline versus Caitlyn I did peel box
opening a marshmallows and chocolate you
guys gonna be able to predict our day it
was pretty soon dude some of these are
smashed down because in the cart they
weight so much on top of each other that
they just now they're stuff
oh come on my hands are freezing we
gotta get every last marshmallow we
don't want to waste any roads how are
they she's literally eating the bags
this so snowy why did we not get
scissors this is basically travelling
versus snow you know how you have that
pick up montage right I was gonna do one
up Dylan just babbling because he never
he always he always goes ugly littluns
and today pibatch ever talk about
someone looking bras CD he can never say
what he wants she's under the trampoline
trying to eat him what the guys they're
gonna accidentally fly everywhere oh my
god are your hands frozen cold
no and I'm gonna sleeveless hoodie you
know I think we actually bought enough
to Sun we bought enough I will be so
proud literally a ton they're under the
pile watching roads try to catch the
bags is probably the best part diabetes
I wish they had clicked video
marshmallows but they're all just pink
that's it pink and white this is dumb
Brooksie check one over there she took a
big one hey she's just licking it all
they're getting on my new shoes I'm
gonna cry oh god maybe you should have
worn them huh maybe they rub off though
hey hey don't tell me a bagger for you
asked for four and I gave you five for
anybody wondering no that's not
enjoyable
the cleanup won't be bad because we're
not gonna play that oh you think we're
joking there's a big pile of skittles
right behind the camera
dude there's still marshmallows in my
bath I've never cleaned those after the
hot chocolate sorry mom look dude you
spun one off oh it's ruined check out
and I broke you could have took it out
with pie but you burnt it I just always
one of my pillows from my bed that I put
in the foam pads over there so mm yeah
plastic cap on beat up yeah I just want
Taco Bell to sponsor me and let me do
trampoline brushes tacos want to give me
some marshmallows oh god get off my new
shoes why do I like these so much I
bought them as a joke call my hands are
freezing cold
uh-uh Martha over here this is the last
one of mine right here yeah let me clean
up because you can't
this isn't trampoline versus
marshmallows and wrappers you ready for
this yeah I ready to go you know what
let me take it off let me take them off
I could it's not cold enough yeah that
did nothing this jacket suck oh they're
just like the skittles they're like
really heavy and then let's get him in
the middle be free that was impressive
no I'm going to push for a while go back
look win won a total oh I told you I
mean I saw him flick it ready one two oh
activated eat up birdie 360 no scoped
bleep ah double front
triple pro oh oh it hurts dude I was
thinking like oh my god this is gonna be
actual fun one where it's soft it's not
under my legs is stinging from hitting
him on these hey guess what I got a
treat for you come hitted did this stick
to my butt like I hope yep they did
I think it's working
get up very carefully let's get a yeah
POV Oh Rose rose good eat your own feces
huh she doesn't even care if you know
what oh if she saw that one go get it
this looks pretty cool from here want to
see a 360 tornado kick 920 yeah we made
a bit of a mess my hands are so cold
guys like the red let's get a really
like sick angle bro 2 1 what you have a
problem stop
yes sir my oh it's about to get lit
that's what she said oh you know just a
kid playing with some marshmallows on a
trampoline waiting for Tanner to get
back yes what dude woods get lit bro if
my Boy Scout teacher taught me one thing
is to always keep matches on hand even
though I didn't have them on hand they
were in my room first of all we got it
we got it we got to try to make some
s'mores without graham crackers with
chocolate that's right that's right
that's right burn one little spot
understand
Marcelo oh we could title this video
trampoline versus s'mores now that's
good how'd you do that you just like do
that in like that pick it rose dude my
socks are looking really good right
about now you're looking Viet Pham oh it
smells dirty yeah I'll listen
oh oh I can make a big smeller it's
gonna burn my hand in a second dude
that's awesome I should have done that
burned like the whole thing dude I think
it's gonna hurt uh-hmm
oh god remember the video when you look
at
that right there I could knock that here
we go my god he's gonna throw this up
just like then that was Quinton in fifth
grade you just play the clip yeah we got
bored in our sleepovers and good ol days
this is not even a trampoline vs anymore
this is a camp fire right well you know
what we have to do now oh we're starting
a bonfire hey let me get my shoes on
okay science experiments with tan the
man Oh God
oh that looks so nasty look at that get
close but Rose get away get away oh it
looks like grilled cheese oh dude we're
gonna smell so good oh it smells
horrible if anyone's actually like
thinking this is wasteful these have
been sitting in my yard for about six
months
should we roast some marshmallows we
flip it over like a canvas hot dog oh
yeah it's real so bad put it in the snow
actually work yeah hit it hit it with
the shovel again it's burning my throat
ah yo not gonna from the snow aw dang
why I think we do that early here oh
yeah
there's still something going you
actually brothers no going how dare you
you're wasting it I could make myself
puke if I braved in a little bit more
than Tristan we just film the stupidest
video in the world okay guys well I
guess that was it for Jeremy versus kite
no marshmallows hope you guys enjoyed it
if you guys did don't forget to leave a
like thank you so much everyone who
stuck to the end subscribe and I'll see
you guys the next one it ain't my fault
you came looking like that you just
maybe two
