what is going on guys Quinton and I are
about to go drift in the snow because it
is it's freaking snowing really hard
first time drifting in my car kind of
scared I'm not gonna do anything crazy
sports cars do not like snow I've heard
and experienced slightly on the drive
here but yeah we're gonna go out try to
have some fun real quick I have no idea
what the rest of this vlog entails so
yeah let's do it
I kind of want to do it right here like
that it's gone yeah
that was pathetic alright guys if you
ever are gonna drift turn off traction
control okay that was terrible
oh you want me to do it no oh God
Quentin's turn he has a Jeep no fair
oh he's gonna die all right this is not
okay
oh go ahead and hurry up it's freezing
okay here's your camera it's now wait I
know it's freezing what's go Oh God it's
your cold for this and there's not
enough snow over there so whatever screw
it we're going home
well guys there's only one thing I could
really do while it's snowing and pretty
sure I've done this every year since I
could do a backflip so might as well oh
I'm not in the mood to do it backflip
oh God pray for me Mom times like this I
wish I had body fat oh my god why why am
I doing this oh whoa
holy dude my feet are gone I'm walking
on nothing oh good morning I woke up
this morning at 5:00 in the morning my
room was so cold I couldn't sleep in it
it's like negative five out right now oh
look at the snow did it it didn't snow
anymore last night did it mom tanner
guess what I have a video that like no
other big youtuber can do trampoline vs.
snow nobody all they live in California
or Florida all right time for me to go
find the snow shovel we used to shovel
snow off the trampoline like we had put
duct tape on the end of it
God it is so cold out guys maybe I'm
just a puss but it's cold dude I almost
freaking ate it why why is there just a
random little puddle of ice from your
snow shovel where yeah we have a
snowboard that Quentin left here I don't
know how to snowboard though oh there it
is it's super Ben but hey
let's go it is so bright out dude snow
makes for the best lighting let's take a
quick look at the phone pic oh my gosh
look at it it's covered well I don't
know where I'm gonna flip off but I
guess I'll start piling it over there
this may take a little bit oh boy
oh look who came to play want to help me
rose it is good and powdery soft snow
but uh there's not very much of it so
it's gonna take a little while I'm gonna
use like my whole yard hey don't mess up
my pile
okay
hi guys after slaving away for a few
hours this is what I have done Dylan
just got here so he's gonna be helping
me get all the skittles off the
trampoline it literally reeks of
skittles like you can smell them but I
scraped all of that all up there and
this is what we have it's probably you
know four feet tall at the top I would
do a triple front flip but it's just not
wide enough and if I miss it then I'm
definitely gonna break my back that
doesn't sound very fun so I think I'm
just going to do a double front but
since it's not a triple I have something
else in mind are you ready let's bounce
off the snow and the skittles seems like
one big skittle oh yeah chop them off
yep trampoline versus snowy skittles
look at my trampoline guys take a look
you my trampoline is so nasty good thing
we're flipping off that side so sticky
good thing there's a coating of skittles
Ralph I'd probably be cutting into my
trampoline fire like Julie doesn't make
sense
hope you guys leave it like because this
this is taking forever quentin went to
the gym that's why he's not here so i
mean this is a bigger workout anyway my
shoes are never gonna be the same
i quit let's move this tramp we have to
pull it up over the skills yeah what
this better be soft so slippery and
sticky at the same time oh oh so on my
back it's so cool oh now the water's
going down my butt crack well now it's
time for one more thing
shakin yep huh I do is that clothes on
yeah oh that's so cold oh this is the
worst idea I've ever had
god ready yep yeah here's some pants
tailor oh god it hurts are you watching
my video yeah I'm eating a mud brine
nice well that was friggin cold okay
guys it is the next morning um I was I
gonna say oh yeah it is literally
freezing in my room okay I don't know if
any of you guys remember this but a long
time ago I showed in a video like see
that crack right there right above my
window well water used to leak down in
there and like soak where my stereo used
to be and now it's just like the winter
cold is getting through there so it's
freezing in my room slept on the floor
last night in front of my heater fan on
full-blast woke up like three times so
been getting some pretty horrible sleep
another reason can't wait to move I feel
sorry for whoever gets this room
whenever they buy it yeah I might start
packing a little bit for the new house I
really just want to be ready for that
and I have a lot a lot of stuff to get
but I was talking with my mom yesterday
about me getting the whole basement to
myself in the new house cuz that's what
I wanted I haven't told you guys this
but I'm paying for half of this new
house and my brother's a teen and he's
going to be working a lot my sister's
like hardly ever home and I mean it's a
huge house we all have plenty of room
but I just kind of wanted more room for
my videos and I just want to be able to
do a lot of fun stuff and I didn't want
to have to install the wall in the
basement to like separate the rooms
Dylan Quinn I like all my friends there
over all the time and we all usually
just hang out in my room it is it's a
decent sized room I mean it's fine but
it would just be cool if we all didn't
have to sleep in the same bed because
then my gay comments would go down along
and I mean I thought it was kind of fair
about my whole family kind of win so I
doubt that happens I guess I'll live but
I'm still excited for the new house it's
going to be cool I ordered this bean bag
okay it's eight foot wide four feet tall
it is huge and it's made of elk fur on
the outside pretty cool cannot wait for
that I have a ton of like videos I want
to do with it and all of it will be
going down in the new house but anyway
I'm about to go outside I want to do
some flips in the snow for some reason
I've been feeling like I want to do some
flips and my retainers and so I'm
talking like an idiot again
that was my first side flip to my right
side that's too slippery Oh God
Joe I hear funny I hear 40 fame know
what might be nice too
i'ma do it off for you yes
I actually landed that sweater to imma
put her right on you
life is golden every tatcha dreams alone
but sometimes it gets to look like
you
you know
I wanted to do this for an Instagram
edit but that was not worth it so cold
well guys that was basically for this
video it was like completely random
filmed in like three different days but
hope you guys enjoyed it thank you guys
so much watching this video don't forget
to leave like intro the phone to be
enjoyed it's like hard to breathe out
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next one peace out
you came looking like that you just
maybe
