okay I've gotten a new knife this time
guys this one has like little ridges in
it
is that what they're called so today we
have hot chocolate we were going to do
the British peel box opening but I want
to do that another time someone
recommended this idea Quentin told me
about it so so we're doing today and it
should be pretty easy to clean up
that'll be the best part about it we
don't have as much fan Mills last time
because it's just going to be me and
Dylan Quentin still working out so yeah
okay I don't remember how to make hot
chocolate so you're gonna have to help
me put hot water in there then you put
the chocolate powder in there and then
we get spoons and stir we bought big
marshmallows and three tubs of hot
chocolate oh this is this is shampoo
okay I'll let that fill up I'm six foot
15 inches oh it's great it won yeah it's
a little too we're gonna need them get
in your big box full with to the toasty
dude we color-coordinated a Christmas
peel bottom all right so trash letters
should we get a basket again let's get
one basket
it's gonna hard to coordinate all video
a three of us in here
somebody come here
truth putting the hot chocolate now are
you kidding me hey good thing we have
knives I don't think we need knives
Hot Shots on the knife whenever you're
ready
oh it smells so good let's start all the
jazz just get it ready yep
Oh Oh for me to mix it I feel my feet oh
there's a cloud it's diving on topic oh
my gosh you can't breathe
dude look at my leg don't need stir it
stir it now stir it now we will
oh why did I put my hands in we bought
special marshmallows I want to eat one
of the fricken chocolate in these things
are freaking to you these aren't you
and in my fault yep all this looks
awesome
oh my god it's like a dream come true
guys this this actually feels good daddy
first oh look chocolate got on her phone
oh these are the special chocolate oh
you're doing give me one I would eat
these out of here but I gave rose the
bath in here last night should we sit
down in it it's hard to sit down and all
I'm not get your fucking hands in it I
know
yeah mmm perfect this actually feels
really nice okay I guess we're going to
work where's my knife yeah this is a hot
pocket box
Brooke Carla Carla nest I think Barkat
Peters barkat penis your skin is silky
smooth online this is intense
oh one of the Marshall just touched a
nipple through so cool they sent me a
YouTube shoe with bleach on it and it
also says Phillips and says Rose stop
biting me huh
thank you I a little uh M Rose gave Rose
a dog toy this is a two naked Barbies
it's a little ahead of her all right
guys put down were missing Quentin uh-oh
Optimus Prime keychain I found the other
shoe put some candy that you'll steal
there's a secret letter on the bottom
that says hi I'm grow I was the one who
sent you the musically plaque that's
awesome thank you I remember that I
still have that in my room Tanner here
you go added the collection all that's
immersively I'll go yeah
dude in the new house I want to get a
I'm itching now I want to get shelves I
want to get shelves in my room in my new
room to put all my Lamborghinis on
because I have like 30 now so what
though yah frickin redder pick it up and
did another stupid all I did might as
well open that now actually this ledge
right this is why I do it with when I
see something that looks like clothing
but I can't get it even this new night I
can't get through these packages full
whoa they used one of my thumbnails a
picture Clint and talk about more often
to play are these baby clothes oh this
is for my day in the life of a teenage
dad series I want to do but no girl will
let me get them pregnant actually I
think it's just a onesie I don't know
what this is a note on it that I cannot
read right now I don't want to get it in
hot shop Oh some deodorant this is for
Tanner I
you need this saying I smell bad bro
someone living burro CD and put those
songs on it it ain't my fault sweatshirt
hit or miss panda spongebob remix HIPPA
love that yeah
all this one's for you they're hinting
you smell bad as well for Dillon you too
buddy
and thank you it's quite enough no I'm
pretty sure these ones are for each of
us - I don't know what it is looks like
under an iPhone but its first point Sam
how it is my phone box what is that Oh
Andy corn Quinn got candy corn and yo
there's so much gonna put into this
email yeah on the bottom of this box
there is some the same the blue monkey
Bennett and Josh he's smoking a
cigarette
thank you here's some neatly wrapped
sunglasses for Tanner by State Farm stay
for long Joey dude so Gordon gets an
iPhone thankful of candy and I get
sunglasses uh yeah I think this is a
normal car yeah okay so Mustang GT but
but that's awesome totally thank you
this one's freaking heavy this is from
Oakley Kearney um please put in video
love you thinner thank you I love you
too
I can't read this name it is literally
gwy
and you say web it's win-win brilliant
we waiting Grilli just got a paper cut
from fox a lot of paper a lot more paper
okay guys come on now there's a bunch of
rocks
these are super dope though they're like
this looks like some fossils there's
crystals insides break with a hammer
well I wish I had a hammer nipple
flippin nipple clamps okay this is
getting freaky drinking hot chocolate it
seems like every time that we do in like
people send a skittles last time and
then ramen noodles look they're little
baby marshmallows or they're Kelly look
brand-new Christmas socks you have to
the ball hell yeah I wish I could put
them all in right this second
mac and cheese my I'm getting tired I
think I'm gonna do it normal
Peter watch opening before Christmas
maybe okay this is a thing with all of
our presidents on there didn't have
Donald Trump on there cuz he's on our
president yet Landon Sadler
okay a Supergirl toy I'll be playing
with this later um
Ben that's for you you fellas are your
freakin Series
Oh a bunch of Junie B Jones books what I
love on my name spelled wrong why is it
dy l YN look what it allows you know why
I put this in there we quit haha thanks
like there kiddo
no freakin way those are GU Li
eyeglasses uh-oh
I cut myself with a knife nice go ahead
and put in the hot chocolate thank you
so much for this candy here he likes
candy how am I gonna see breasts the
time iPhone 6 I bet there's no iPhone in
here there's just a bracelet oh no
there's not just a bracelet there's also
a Canadian quarter my thing I dare you
need a marshmallow that one is a loony
as a hair on it I'm pretty sure you
pretty sure there's one of my bud this
hot chocolate looks like hot chocolate
but barely tastes like hot chocolate
what I already peed here twice
I would eat these out of here but I gave
Rose the bath in here last night
not bad not good you know I'm just
looking forward to the shower we get to
take after this like together yeah like
how else I saw a top comment that said I
guarantee Tanner and Quentin and Dylan
all have these like homo adventures
after they get off camera but like after
we get out of this bath we have to go
straight to that shower over there like
we can't go to different baths with we
shower together
Phil let's tell me what's in there
nothing nothing
oh my gosh no way another one this was
just a little bit smaller happy thank
you can lick mine from Duke Roberts
Thank You Duke Romero Zona Duke hot
chocolates just flew everywhere Charlie
coming I love your last name this box is
uncountable dude look at this what is
this what is this I have no idea
I'll just creaking boy what them I'm
stabbing this box I'm sorry I look a
cute little rainbow ah I'm gonna give it
to my child
whoa I think I other cars I think I just
found the dopest sunglasses dude this is
a Lamborghini Aventador I don't I don't
even think I have a white one to Lambos
both please look sick is your paper cut
hurting dude look at these glasses
though can't see crap bags some more
Taco Bell change boy subway gift card I
should have read the box that says
Lambos inside I'm so stupid
bouncy balls bouncy ball Jacob and Zia
oh yeah this one is from the fuller
family like full hollow house there's so
much chocolate powder on this box all
let's check it out yeah this is fan art
hey thank you that's Ted a braggart
look what I couldn't afford a present
this year so I got you this box and it's
literally nothing in the box but that
Thanks I think is dried off from Trenton
uh lamb your knife who's gonna play to
life oh and a dollar bill with hammer
space on baby
nope just a dollar bill oh yeah Tanner
my name is Trenton lamb I live in
Montana been watching your video for one
year and I sub my one video for one year
not up vids for one year and sub out of
your third vid here's some random stuff
a little talk about chains you can thank
you did swings from Brennan green and I
just wrecked his letter in half thank
you Brennan I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna dump this into the nursing home
ahahahaha how do you open these boxes so
confusing dude I'm already down to one
you need to pick it up what is it in
here some kind of stuffed animal I think
what is this call it a seal this is a
sea liner on enough yeah I know this is
the sea line
oh thank you an emoji that's pretty dope
deer Jenner you have inspired me to
start flipping and create a YouTube
channel sorry for the bad handwriting
here's a chicken named Bob chicken not a
chicken it's a sea lion I swear and I
know you said no money but Taco Bell
changes not mine and he sent me five
pennies tape to this no so
one more word out of your mouth he gets
it nothing I think Quinn's tired
swimming there you go buddy
see I always got Quentin's back Derek
ceramic hey this one's inverse and
Derek's shrimp good yeah here's a look
at I'd Clorox Elma sponsored race car
hahaha that's awesome that's funny right
on camera
Quentin what Quentin's not here I guess
I will what thanks all these Quint ones
if there's nothing here quite and I've
only been watching for a couple of weeks
I hope I get to see you in person
sometime keep up the good work the
paracord is for your car keys all you
have to do is wrap around the keychain
and the light and light the two ends
together and stick them together from
Derek ceramic what's what what is he
talking about here a bracelet I don't
know what he was talking about starting
to blend I guess it may be fun to
understand why okay this is probably the
best name ever seen my life there's a
whole poster pictures of all your
thumbnails what look every single
thumbnail pad pretty sure that's sweet
oh my gosh do that is not for different
papers to make this well thank you that
is insane this is definitely going on
the wall in the new house look they've
got a beach t-shirt with Trump's face in
Marilyn Monroe a tote a beach that's
actually sweet anybody say you go pro -
it's I'm not even kidding like the one
Jeff in your car we stick on oh that's
awesome
I'm literally almost out of these
because I stick them everywhere and then
never take them off anyways they seem
like five ps4 game just swear call the
advanced warfare call the infinite
warfare call yukos and Claudia backups
three and ps4 I don't even own a PS oh
wait are they actually in there i sooo
so nope ah don't worry guys I'm not cool
enough I just got the cases hey and this
changes for Dillon dude on ten or have
it okay
are you using my portable charger again
yes sir f off did not give you one from
a few box opening yeah so my house of
lesson there
last one okay we first got a high of a
scooter a half another Tanner wrong
Tanner a tech deck Wow Wow
mustache wallet we're gonna go through
every single thing in a starburst
picture of a Lambo we can have the real
time so they just whoa 3d ruler of a
Lambo movie guys let me get a better
look at this oh I'm gonna stick this is
from his name's tanner tanner height Hey
are we done oh no one more from Dylan
Mitchell it's his heart
oh this is different was that fun or
what buddy well guys I guess that's it
for this video and we had a lot more
boxes but they were all in my mom's
trunk and she's not here so this is all
we have for today
I hope you guys enjoyed it thank you
guys so much if you stuck to the end and
thank you guys so much for watching this
video don't forget to leave a like and
share the vent if you enjoyed it
subscribing and I'll see you guys in the
next one peace out let me do let me do
let's say my phone with Clinton you
trying to throw it out of the camera
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe check
