quinton it's noon I got woken up this
morning at nine o'clock because I had to
go to the PIO box to drop off mail pick
up a bunch more mail I was going to do a
peel box opening today but I have
something else in mind that I'd rather
do and I'll probably do that tomorrow so
we're gonna go to the new house today
you've seen it right yeah you have we've
already got a contract on the house and
everything and I think we take ownership
in early January but it's like 99% ours
so we're gonna stop by today we need to
get a feel for where the furnitures
gonna be and I just want to look around
I haven't been in there in a little
while a few weeks probably I have to
figure out where we can fit the
trampoline in the house tree oh you
should do letting me go back to sleep
goodnight hey mom
can we take rose to the new house Rose
you get to come with us are you ready
are you ready oh who lives in a pond
okay but I'm super happy today guys
because it's finally snowing oh my gosh
I've waited so long for this dude I
never thought that I would leave the
pads that I used to flip on in the snow
Oh God
oh it's so cold look at that snowy foam
pit okay
I know Rose has been so good the last
few days she doesn't even bite us
anymore are you gonna be a good job all
day so yeah guys we're about to head out
to the new house I doubt they have the
heating system on in that house because
no one's in there right now tempted to
bring a heater fan I'd bring a
trampoline but I don't think we can do
that so yeah Rose is coming with us
she really yeah she needs to see if she
likes in your house I'm excited mommy
excited I am
she's repping the oh well I took it off
of his dirty I need to wash it so I wear
it tonight she was wearing my ugly
Christmas sweater cuz she's wearing it
to an ugly Christmas sweater party
tonight
sounds fun you better wear it it's a
good sweater look look at her mom she's
not biting me at all no and when we get
back we get to clean tell your owner
we're gonna clean the house No Deal mom
there's one more thing I forgot to tell
them so one more thing I forgot to tell
you guys some of you may have noticed
this but I did a bit of an experiment
take a look
what's different Quentin there's less
boobs I took down all my Kate Upton
posters except for that one she's never
coming down except for like when we
actually move even while on the ceilings
gone these don't count so I put them all
in my closet to see if any of you guys
would notice over the past few videos
and a lot of you did so you're the real
fan so I took those down so that we
could put them up in the new house of
course it wouldn't be complete without
them isn't that right hey Doc cool now
let's go whoa Oh dah go ahh
please scratch my leather seats guys
this is my first time driving in the
snow even though this light barely
counts this has nothing
I mean is technically snow Rose is very
excited are you excited yes are you take
the wheel fam Rose wanted to drive but I
guess you changed your mind
what was that dear she's so calm it's so
weird
and it's a good thing so we don't crash
huh yep eyes on the road Missy we could
be doing this more often if you'd sit
still sometimes dude she's huge come
back
how's our born I think we passed it guys
we can't find the house this is very
hard Rose where do we go that's why we
brought you okay we are here oh boy oh
look what you did with rain buddy
wandering a we just went operating mm-hm
it looks so cool with some snow huh I'm
gonna make this my parking spot no the
other dogs aren't here for you rose look
they're right there you ready to go Paul
we shoulda brought her to leash cuz Rose
has a tendency to run away now
yeah she's brave okay I'll go hey Rose
rose rose hey this is it yours gonna
help my car okay you get rose I'll get
the big dog oh alright go
oh my camera's getting wet same Oh waste
away from my mom she's like 10 minutes
away
let's make snow angels do dinner get out
of my car dog jump in here cover God
dang it oh you're so friendly you like
your new friends now she looks small
compared to them dude this was crazy I
know so shout out to the neighbors for
giving her a friend what are they doing
hey slow it down buddy hey play nice
they have even more dogs do they have
two more dogs dude I'm not learning to
shirt under this should we put rose
inside the cat door and just put her in
the garage for now this is our friend
not yours night dude I'm going to kick
you in the butt hole alright Rose rose
no there you go No hey Fr look what this
dog did to my seeds actual dog poop on
my jack ah God dang it dude oh boy it's
about time well here
and it outside hi rose she's chilling
know will be in out of it I'm gonna be
super annoying when we live here on what
we're gonna have a fence Operation
Rescue Rose hi rose come on Rose how do
you like your new house it's not even
freezing in here so that's good we were
going to make this roses room but my mom
wants it to be the piano room because we
currently have a piano room in our house
right now so we're gonna lose Rose on
this she's not calm anymore the door
yeah cool this is becoming the hot tub
room mirror Thomas are scho
nice taste do you like Taylor's room you
can stay in here all the time because
you never take care of her mom I cannot
wait to make videos in here we're doing
that trampoline indoor trampoline video
with the new one what will buy a new one
I've never jumped off this I'll do that
later I want to go down to my future
rooms but first where
want to go for a dip in the pool huh
it's a little cold outside I think we're
going to take out those pillars though
because then how are we going to put a
trampoline by the pool go go
no she's scared you Indians I think this
is going to be my mom's office area or
whatever for merchandise and it'll be
like our business room I guess down here
right when you come downstairs this will
be the downstairs living room like we
have now big couch in here and then TV
and stuff and we're going to put a wall
right here and then this is going to be
my room I was kind of scared because I
don't like how it just goes right
outside that's like I'm scared of the
dark there could be monsters out there
there could be people to know your
address and the youtube comment section
is really cool but look at this there's
so many locks so it's already unlocked
right now but whenever you close it it
has like eight padlocks all the way down
the door so I mean unless I have a gun
to shoot the glass they can't get in you
guys know how I always have all my
clothes on my floor and I never put them
in drawers well this little thing right
here in my room
I literally just open this up and throw
all my clothes right in there it's gonna
be so nice bathroom store them yeah
store rooms over here this is the
scariest room we're gonna put all the
fan mail in here like pretty much line
the walls might put all my fan art on a
wall like in my room probably that one
if I do it that'd be pretty cool
Judah's pee do just beer no no she
didn't eat better or not we didn't bring
any cleaning stuff we don't technically
own this house right the second I can't
wait I just want to have a hot tub I
really like that little David how many
helmets do I have zero I have one outlet
in my whole room that's not okay
dude this room is loaded with outlets
that's not fair
maybe this will be my room but I don't
want people to be able to just walk down
in my room so what you do you put up
stripper beads right there mom there's
only one outlet in my room seriously
yeah so I think I get the whole basement
no you know you're gonna basement I can
handle
daddy are we getting the things around
the pool taken out I thought about
taking out like every other one oh yeah
and then still putting a fence around
and just fit like a big gate in one
section so you could open it so we're
getting the house inspected in three
days and hopefully there's nothing wrong
with it
we're also getting the pool inspected
and I hope there's something wrong with
the pool because then you're going to
let me fill it with like Orbeez foampit
skittles
that would hurt actually I'm not doing
skills I want to do fun stuff with the
pool though that pool is so big it's
like way bigger than the one we have now
slide I know and no one will ever use it
technically gonna be like our first
country house almost yeah so I can buy a
dirt bike and enjoy my life okay I won't
I want to get a boosted board too you
know what a boosted board is mom they're
cool Casey nice that rides on all the
time oh yeah they're like a thousand
dollars though but I'm gonna get one
what is there just like a skateboard
there a skateboard well you press a
button and then it makes you go before
them backwards we're very well on the
dirt road - I'll just do it in our big
driveway have you seen how big the
driveway - I'll wrap that thing into the
pool - so it's officially ours basically
ninety percent ninety so I'm saying in
the video with this great musically
lighting I feel like light gray like
we're gonna make so many good musically
sumeg bone right now
let me speak to let's see how it ended
up just stick to YouTube Kyle are you
actually gonna make youtube videos in
this house hold on so I'm thinking I'm
gonna put my bed right there and then TV
will be right there couch somewhere I
don't know I'll figure it out later
there's also a tree house down there you
guys can barely see it but might have to
check that out we're gonna start packing
once we get home and we're going to be
moving in here in a few weeks I can't
wait so my mom says that we can't say
that this is our new house because it's
not completely our new house but it's
our new house now come on Rose I'll beat
you down they can make this more sturdy
I would okay mister
yeah well that's Leigh here mom do we
get to keep the sick fridge we do we do
that is awesome oh my gosh look at how
hard it snowing okay let's go dead
sprint try not to slip love-hate
relationship with winter right now well
we are back at our house that we hate
almost 100% sure that we're getting the
house and there's just going to be a ton
of fun videos there thank you guys so
much watching this video don't forget to
leave a like and share the fens if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace out
you came looking like that
you just maybe
