good morning hey what's up my man
I'm good I'm playing zombies right now
kind of suck are you ready for the music
video today yeah this is gonna be the
intro to the vlog so do you know my
intro the newly discovered vlogger is in
the room I'm vlogging now what's up
alright man is there anybody want a
shout-out anything like that because
you're freaking amazing supporter and I
just love you Kyle so anything you want
to say to the vlog that's it all right
man we'll talk to you later yeah what
he's gonna like guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day yeah that was the last
winner from the murse contest if you
bought anything on the entire store you
were entered in to win and he was the
last winner so congratulations to all
you guys let's bring you go all you guys
are just great you're nice people that's
what being part of the Tang Clan is all
about your music video has already been
out for a day by the time you guys we're
watching this if you have not seen it
you already know what to do
go freakin wash it it'll be a link in
the description there'll be a link in my
but it's called no place like home
featuring kendall schmidt my childhood
hero yo guess what round them on right
now check it out - wow that's actually
11 and there's like a hundred right
there but you can't see it and I got a
big box this morning
I believe this is dibs clothing in here
it has to be there's I don't get any
other thing okay Tristan test out your
vlogging skills that was already whoa
yeah I dropped yeah you see all these
pop sockets on top socket zips clothing
now in stores at whoa we got pins we got
all of this stuff check it out bro bring
it back come here hey you're not sly if
it was a happy face oh he's just trying
to be happy this is my favorite dibs
pops I'll get by freakin far it's so
sick but I have no room on my own
here take it Oh a fat stack of stickers
some of these might be new shirts I'm
not sure whoa
oh my boy
I had that one I already picked up one
of these whoa I'm hiding it's like a
variation of the pink and white and blue
one yeah oh my god check it out dude
this is sick as pretty cool this one is
the one that says dare to be different
that I wore at flip Con for a while
that's what this is all about just being
freaking different bro don't leave this
then you know what that reminds me of
like dare
it looks like the Dare shirt from like
in elementary school with the drugs
that's the joke oh what a quit YouTube
in quit like oh my god feel how soft
holy hell heartbreaker heartbreaker
heartbreaker this is amazing this thing
is killer
check you out now I look red by the way
this is a shirt for women another origin
black dibs long-sleeve let's freaking
good I love this one too this one's
another goof just like the dare one you
know how like security guards have a
black shirt that says security this one
says insecurity and then it says dibs on
the front it's just fricking collab this
looks like something from kiss you know
the band yo my god
do young black in the red fade to white
long-sleeve you guys have probably
already seen this shirt around it is
pretty popular
it says dibs and I yeah that's pizza
that's pizza right there
and I think this is the last new one
this is also for girls that says too
cute for you dibs and then yeah it's
pretty freaking cool freaking horse okay
guys I'm gonna take a shower real quick
and then we will continue with the vlog
I'm pretty sure I'm going to be
explaining the lyrics of my music video
and that's all I know
be right back let me guess Christmas
party tonight yes didn't you wear my
ugly Christmas sweater last year what
the hell man I got a new one
grandma's here with Christmas ornaments
Oh traditions
yeah it is our tradition they don't know
about it I don't think I gotta go stick
it on the Christmas tree upstairs where
the dogs can't go it's been how many
months I still don't even know which
light switches do what there's one key
over you 2017 let's do it there is like
no room we'll stick it right next to me
when I was attractive oh wow Taylor has
her big school dance today well show us
something awesome the one I taught you
come on do it
yes go go go go go God do it fine I'll
have a Luna do it
oh my god is this room booth whoa
completely empty shout out to Debbie for
cleaning it up because wow but I'm sure
there will always be beanbag beads
there's there's no getting rid of all of
them except if you eat them try you to
see you in your dress before you leave
Wow
oh my god this shirt does look good and
she cleaned a room I'll put it in the
vlog because she wants it in oh you got
your TV mounted too when it does you can
take the Xbox out of the attic I was
looking for it okay guys without wasting
any more time actually I don't think
that was a way tonight I had a good
morning it was pretty fun so I'm gonna
load up my music video on my phone we're
gonna react to it I was gonna do
reacting to people reacting might still
do that I want to pull it out listen to
it and tell you guys some of the meaning
of the lyrics because I know they can be
a little confusing and of course
probably half the comments are gonna be
hate just people don't know what it
means yet hey tank client stand up hmm I
was talking about you guys right there
coming up from the quick trip
so quick trip is a gas station in the
Midwest even live in the Midwest they'll
get it probably not true
I do flips on the trampoline ah like
money I don't ever need to battle other
youtubers use the fans like cattle so I
headed missing this part because I live
in Kansas and there's cows like we had
to put it in a Kansas joke and it's kind
of meant like other youtubers just heard
their fans around like their fans won't
open their eyes a lot of people don't
know like youtubers that you watch are
completely different people and I just I
don't know I just wanted to throw that
in I'm just out here exposing people you
know cattles just following the herd
let's keep going I do know I'm hopping
on a saddle alright that's my saddles
you about to get bruises
I hit a guy
that was a little flat like I'm killing
it man I'm dope rappers have to do that
I'm a rapper now this picture sadly
couldn't fit in the video where I said
hopping on the saddle home can do
anything
one we're from Kansas there's a lot less
regulations like in California you have
to get a permit to film in a gas station
I mean people here are kind of assholes
but basically we're saying Kansas is
pretty dope in the fact that you can do
whatever you want there's no place like
home references all different wizard
laws yeah if you didn't know that like
like a minute a chance that just means
other youtubers just do the same over
and over and over and I mean I'm kind of
guilty I do some trends but I have my
own Flair like what other youtuber has
an attic as cool as mine none that's
what I'm getting at here okay you
talking about right I don't know who I'm
talking about I'm basically letting the
people the audience think oh my god it's
like this guy like I don't have any
enemies on YouTube sorry roses humping
Tristan the cameras kind of goin
everywhere I think the reason I don't
have any beef or anything like that with
youtubers is because I'm 17 years old so
I'm basically a kid most other youtubers
are older they've had time to grow their
channels and they don't want to pick
fights with a 17 year old because it
will make them look bad I think when I'm
18 more people will like you know want
to fight me I don't know I'll be 18 in
July so heads up yeah would you quit
quit there's some real good music but I
don't abuse it yup I just gotta stays in
I mean
Shh everybody mentions team 10 in their
songs and I was like I don't even
mention team 10 but then I did sounds
like I shoot another funny thing right
Rhodes you can go it in an hour year got
a nice car in a nice home she didn't
know what certified I'm basically saying
I the house in a car like it's pretty
cool people know it's pretty cool but
what you didn't know is like it's
pre-owned like my car I bought it used I
listened to my mom's great advice of
finances who learned from my grandma
but I'm fickle I don't care about the
bread pumpernickel here's the definition
of fickle it just means like I'm ready
for anything bro I'm smart and
pumpernickel rhymes with pickle and I
don't care about the bread which is
money and basically pumpernickel is a
gross bread pretty self-explanatory
that's wait you about to get bruises
there's the first again basically it's
the same thing again just saying like
we're in Kansas were different if you
didn't know Kindle is also from Kansas
so that's pretty cool just worked out
it's a pretty cool music video I
understand I can't rap not trying to be
a rapper buy all of these clips you
should be able to tell that it was a
joke
it's just for entertainment it's just
for fun and it's also for controversy
and to get people to go like was he
trying to be a rapper I don't know
I better go watch yeah you probably
should and then it gets views that's why
everyone doesn't I don't know why I
waited so long this is my favorite the
dance break when we just did random
stuff but you need firewood yeah oh that
was the coolest part right there that's
my favorite and then basically we danced
and it's the same verse and then at the
end I threw in some more memes that is
the song and that is my mom's good being
chewed up by Luna will you do it give hi
grandma I like your car my grandma and
her red Mustang are heading out yeah
yeah so uh mom come here oh yeah Logan's
here too
I like walk backwards you can't see it's
in my garage don't look don't look why
don't I good yeah
look at my car Logan oh I know all right
look at it oh my god I did learn to do
that yeah probably and oh my god it
needs a wash so bad look there's like
little scratches can you see that is
that like what the hell bro oh my god I
didn't even notice that it's all
scratched up you can see paw prints all
over the top there's another scratch on
Wow
so yeah I don't really care about this
one but really you know Luna did this
but the bottom of this thing's coming
off I guess well I think I just found my
thumbnail in title thanks Luna I don't
know what to do about these scratches
guys they're obviously in there like I
can see she must have slept and then dug
into the car dude if I clean it in the
dust is gonna look worse like Oh what do
I do
bro I'm so close to selling Luna you
guys don't even know let's go see if my
sister is ready for her dance though see
if she's in her dress I want to put her
on the vlog big reveal
oh yeah is it swirl Wow Wow Wow okay
pictures let's go together
oh yeah Logan and I have to go take our
Instagram picture let's go Sun is
setting let's go we gotta climb over a
fence we're gonna try to get an
Instagram picture with a horse I never
even really knew this but there's horses
over here look at that there's a white
one and then there's like four others no
there's like ten others guys this
barbed-wire fence is very tight oh
alright plan of action if we get
attacked just run front flip over the
barbed wire into the pile of hay we got
a great white stallion over there away
from the pack because it's just so
beautiful ooh that thing is muscular and
it is staring you down I'm kind of
scared
Oh guys guys they're walking towards us
we didn't come with food no that's right
oh you're a good girl a boy I don't know
oh that's a good boy surrounded by
soaking up the first other lamb Belgian
man
okay guys we got some pictures it was
not with the white horse he did not want
to be a part of it one of them just took
a giant piss it was literally like
someone dumping out a cup of water for
two minutes you got it
good bye horsies my god it's another
horse but yeah guys we are back in my
dirty room and we're gonna go ahead and
in this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it the kiss so much for watching
and don't feel anxious if you enjoyed
subscribe for you and I'll see you guys
next time
I forget love you take Clan
you just maybe
