hi I look at the bottom of these socks
and like ooh oh oh those are like four
trampolines right so they grip to the
tram flips for life Braille I didn't
know your face time last night for the
video I FaceTime Quentin in my last
video if you guys have not seen the
facetiming fans video yes you go watch
it I got this new jacket sweaty I got
this new sweaty sweaty I gotta say
you're like sweatshirt or hoodie it's a
hoodie I think but it's really cool and
we got to go take Instagram pictures
make sure people know we're cool right
yes matter of fact I'm wearing all black
still haven't signed those sorry my
undies are black
my socks are black my chapstick is black
I put my hair up for the first time in a
little while I think I'm gonna take a
picture in front of my car where's the
chapstick boom tickets good you remember
that remember that many dude I have so
much Taco Bell change I got to put my
car you should get a peel box in Clinton
yeah I should get one with the money I
don't want to pay with it for and boom
got my bag of change are you ready to go
Quentin let's roll it out look what I
picked up this morning you know what
that means
British vo box opening coming soon don't
wanna and the first person to slip up
and not talk British drink a ladle of
teeth you all this does look sad this is
like this is becoming a series where we
just go out and take pictures
no recorder this time it's weird we'll
get back to you guys when we're done
screw you okay my turn
I'm gonna bring my car in the middle of
the road wait pop out the pop sockets
I'll do it with my come on huh
got it are those tears yeah it's rainy
okay guys it is my second time stepping
outside all day long literally the
facetiming fans video has taken all day
to edit took forever so many people kept
facetiming me so I had to blur out their
numbers so they don't have to like
change their number later on because I
know everyone would call them so I have
literally done nothing all day and now
it's getting dark so this always happens
so Quentin's working out like usual
he'll be back soon I really want to do
the overnight and I hop not sure if
we're going to do that I've started to
realize with these daily videos that
making a video everyday is only hard for
me because I'm like a perfectionist I
want every video to be really really
good and I can already tell in 2017 that
I'm probably not going to be doing every
single day I'm gonna try to do every
single day but there's
ready been about three or so videos this
month that I would not have uploaded if
I hadn't said that I was going to do
daily just because I don't like them
very much but since I said I do daily
that's I'm doing if I wanted to make
videos that I didn't love but I can
still make a video every day I would
just walk inside like this so yeah sorry
it's so dark in your guy's house the
production going well so are we
how are we like more than halfway done
more than half we're done okay so if you
ordered a poster and a pop socket after
December 10th and put them in the same
order they will not ship until the pop
sockets arrive we have been told that's
going to be the 23rd or 24th can't
guarantee it
but if you order them both at the same
time then you probably won't get them
both by Christmas just letting you know
but we're gonna get them out as soon as
possible I was totally not looking at
camera all day but I was looking for you
looking in the screen see that's the
problem that's why that's why Casey nice
that wears glasses so he can look over
there but I'm like it looks like he's
looking at the camera that's the daily
struggle for me but you see what I did
right there like I walked down the
stairs and I left me walking down even
when it was like pitch-black just
because that's what a lot of youtubers
do and whenever I'm watching their video
I'm like oh that was fine I'll really
care I'm still enjoying the video and
whenever I see it whenever I'm editing
I'm like that's boring so I don't know
maybe it's just me but I'm going to try
to do daily and it's super wet out here
hi rose come inside yeah she said she
sat still for like what 20 minutes today
didn't even move for me was like that
more hey you're still getting phone
calls uh so since I had to use her phone
for the facetiming fans video her number
has been kind of leaked I guess a little
more clarification on the poster pops
ilakaka thing if you placed them in
separate orders you will get your poster
early if you combined them in one order
and only paid one shipping cost after
December 10th that's what that's who I'm
talking to
I hope this isn't too confusing it's I
don't even know what's going on
hey where have you been I in my room you
smell good good job good for you
so guys since my mom's phone number is
late now she's been getting a lot of
face times of course it's not that hard
to find her number should I say that so
yeah we've just been getting a ton of
face time so I put one of the face times
on my snapchat and said my mom screwed
and that number of course is going to
get a lot of phone calls because that
person knows the number of my mom's
phone so 10 minutes later I text that
person I said how does it feel because
now they're going to be getting a lot of
calls and they just said I hate you so
much I love people I would normally
reply but I can't reply to hundreds
number when it made me ruin my phone
number got leaked at like 600 k and then
you're like be nice little bit uh yeah
now now how's it feel it's annoying yeah
I showed this stack of fan mail earlier
in the video the post office called us
again today and said it's already filled
again in a day I think they're going to
start delivering it to our doorstep
whenever we move it in the new house so
that we don't have to do this because it
is a big mess right now I still haven't
even opened all the packages from the
last round got another face on once
answer it might as well hello what's up
where do you guys live at mmm fun I'm
about to head out to my stepsister's
she's like younger than me is that still
Steph she's 10 she's 10 we're going to
her birthday but okay your hair reminds
me of my hair a long time ago kid in the
green mark yes get made fun of it's
bullcrap that's awesome my sister says
you look like Johnny Orlando yes well
I'll talk to you guys later okay yeah
pace does he not really guys the best
thing about my colored lights in my room
they can go to normal colors for times
like these so it's almost decent
lighting all right I'm gonna FaceTime
the one kids number who I somewhat
leaked as an apology cuz it sucks
probably think she's just one of the
many face times he probably didn't had
your contact I was going to try to be
nice mom put him in your contacts as the
kid we feel bad for well he doesn't want
to answer so okay well we have to watch
some Family Guy before we go to my dad's
house for my stepsister's birthday and
I'm probably gonna be going to IHOP with
Quinn after that so yeah
almost ready yeah cool I need a pink oh
crap do we have a present for her here
just kidding dude it looks like the
zombie apocalypse out here hey we are at
dad's house I don't have underwear on
why I forgot to put underwear on I even
forget to put it on I just did
oh I'm ahem like once maybe we meet once
and that's it hi what see that thing in
my camera
it matches we're shaving it off soon
right double digits
I still to teach you a backflip
mm-hmm Taylor's old room wiser why do
you have a trifle board up there
it's her project you know the animal
project oh yeah nice let's revisit my
old room
whew this is basically my stepmoms
closet now dude I haven't slept here in
forever
I was slept on the top bunk because
Tristan called the bottom I usually
slept on the bottom before about Oh
Takeda which gets his way this thing is
a lot shorter than I remember I'm gonna
join the party that was fun
see you later yo that party was lit fam
okay well I'll just hit my hat on the
top of my car I'll set that down there
for later was it so dark cuz it's
nighttime okay guys well I'm gonna go
back home now I'm gonna wait for quentin
to come over but it is only 7 o'clock
right now and we don't go to IHOP til
midnight so we have five hours of doing
nothing and I'll see you guys whenever
we are home you're ready that's where
it's 33 degrees because it's raining and
it's freezing in there should be snow
well I have this it doesn't have sleeves
well I said we would wait till midnight
and it's 1:00 in the morning right now
I'm so tired
let's go ahead and get our thumbnail and
oh my god there's so many people I
forget it's a Friday hello we're back
perfect let's go hello just did
we should start coming in here like
dinnertime it's coffee
now this is dinner time these ones split
like one pancakes I hated fun like let's
order one pancake Oh funny face
dude I'm so glad they gave me some water
with my eye sore so considerate guys the
place is starting to clear out dude I
just stabbed my tooth with my straw
these were given to us courtesy of
someone here I guess she's like the
waitress it always is here at 1:00 in
the morning
yeah no she's she knows us so uh thank
you do you want to share these or are
you need these Network it's true I got
some love it's still waiting for Forks
go for it
there you don't Apple two guys after
owning this keychain for many many
months I got this in fan-out it might be
dead right now but it's a laser pointer
and flashlight it's also located it's
also our food this thing's crazy thank
you let's see if it works
it sure does you know I think I know
I've been so tired lately why it's
because I've gotten three hours of sleep
per night for the past week
this is no peace yeah I want to know
what jokes are being told over there Oh
ready to go are you ready to dead sprint
to the car it's freezing well guys we
were gonna do an overnight challenge but
I mean we were going to go by McDonald's
now but it's basically 2:00 a.m. so
challenge failed but I'm still using it
in the title and thumbnail yeah it's
fine let me set this someone yeah it's
freezing good seeing you guys we'll see
you later
we're going to McDonald's and then
straight to bed but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thank you guys so
much for watching this video don't
forget to leave a like intro I have to
yawn don't forget to leave a like and
share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out
alright is that it it ain't my fault
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
