what is going on guys we are back and I
just sorry Rose wouldn't stop eating in
my trashcan but today I just filmed two
hours of footage for a video reacting to
bad trampling fails too and I was pretty
excited for it but all the audio was
ruined and problem is it's dark now and
I really don't have anything to do at
all
so since my video idea for today is
basically ruined there's really only one
thing I have in mind this is my old
iPhone 6 it is my business phone now got
leaked a long time ago but not that many
people call it still and it still works
so I guess we're gonna be FaceTime you
guys I guess I'll just we my number and
then answer face times and yeah I'll
never be able to use this phone again
okay as you can tell I haven't used this
phone in forever because I have 27 app
updates hi I think it's working
dad for us does it take two hands to dad
now whatever bye alright guys I think
we're in the clear I guess it's time
let's tweet it make sure I have the
right number that'd be bad we're gonna
try to answer the first person alright
we've got in the FaceTime hey what's up
I can't really see you because there's
like 50 face times but oh my phone is
legit broke right now it's not letting
me accept any of these maybe I'll give
us some time to calm down and then like
call people back in a little bit alright
it's been about thirty minutes I'm gonna
try to turn on my phone now I just want
to FaceTime people no way he just died
it was at 50% okay guys so it's the next
day now so I'm gonna turn this on I
think the face times might have calmed
down but my phone is also charged to
100% so hopefully I won't die this time
none of them are connecting come on well
guys I guess I'm gonna give it like
another few hours because it's still
while I weigh I'm gonna be using my
mom's phone real quick because
apparently she has someone on there I
can FaceTime I were calling Luke right
now hello how you doing Luke say hi to
the vlog kind of lug what a nice
gentleman here mom this phone's gonna
explode pill mom this phone makes for a
good heating pad oh I need some
chapstick I lost mine there's too many
people calling it once it can't like
literally nothing's coming up anymore at
all hey Rose you gotta help me here do
you know how to fix this Rose why she
she hiding what are you doing back there
Pam stay shake shake shake
can you dab I'll show you just take your
arm and throw it over your face that was
pretty pretty close to avoiding me how
would you like it if I bit you huh
it's not turning back on guys why you're
messing up my bed that I always keep
clean would you quit she's in the worst
mood Hey f off the Christmas sweater
mate guys I think it's official I think
this phone is dead it's it's extremely
high it's not working at all so my mom
was nice enough to give me this phone
and I'm gonna be going through my
Twitter looking at replies and stuff and
I'll try to go through missed calls and
see numbers and FaceTime them on here
because this seems like the only way to
do it because I really don't know what
else to try mom what's your passcode hi
hi how you doing good want to say hi to
the vlog you okay
was I one of them yeah no problem I'm
gonna move on to the next person but
thank you thank you for all the support
case check over my phone like it ain't
my fault this is gonna be so fun okay
I'm gonna try to get them on the screen
now like I was playing to earlier no one
wants to answer my mom's number what's
up how you doing how you doing pretty
good
well I guess I'm recording my screen but
uh say what's up okay I'm gonna go ahead
and move on a nice person sorry about my
hat hair good night hey you guys are so
sweet like oh my gosh I'm guessing it's
making these people's day but it's
making my day as well hi I'm sorry I'm
calling on my mom's phone right now
because mine's dead but well I guess I'm
gonna go ahead and move on to the next
people but uh thank you for the support
and everything thank you All Right see
you later
I feel like a lot of these people are
really nervous and I feel bad but it's
also kind of funny why does no one
answer me I hope we got a call back so
two-faced I'm like things like you
missed two calls I'm like yeah I tried
to call you yeah you're missing you
ignored me man what's up with that
so what are you doing I'm getting
another face time because I tried the
face on these people but they didn't
answer yes sure you get it yeah no
problem good night it's your birthday
yeah happy birthday that's awesome
that's that's messed up yeah
it's messed up okay well thank you do
you want to say how do the vlog you
you'll be in the vlog if you want to
yeah well I guess I want to go ahead and
move on to the next people but uh thank
you for everything
can i this phone's back to 7% so I got
to wait a little bit longer but this is
really fun I'm glad I do this alright
we're back and I just went to McDonald's
and they gave me a broken straw and kind
of pissed about it what uh oh
she's watching the videos that's awesome
trampoline versus skittles is that it
yeah sure Swiss
yeah no filming um I want to come to
Australia in February maybe I might be a
little bad for that but soon and if I do
I'll definitely hold a meet-up there so
all right well yeah have a good night
I just realized I've only FaceTime girls
so far let's find a guy alright this
should be a guy answer your phone
that'll get him one more try yeah all
right you have a lot of other people you
want to say anything
hello oh you have a good night dude that
guy was really funny
this should be another guy we need to
even things out a bit what's up I was
checking my DMS and I saw your number so
I'm on my mom's phone right now doing
pretty good
just got my McDonald's here nicely done
hey did I have that stuff when I was in
LA was super good is that where you live
or what do you live that yeah I live out
in the California area
I still hours from LA videos Thank You
Man calling brother dope will do thank
you
krusty krab pizza that's awesome yeah
right you got you videos on the way uh
well this video I want to do overnight
at IHOP I also I've got a few more in
mind I want to do the British
p.o box opening the bath for sure yeah
yeah I will dude that's raw well I'm
gonna move on but uh it was nice talking
to you hey Sam
good night oh yeah dude everyone's so
nice all of you guys hi what's up oh we
were all freaking ever like it's not
working out like oh are you from
Australia where you're friends with the
other girl yeah rolling on the same chat
oh that's cool well if you have uh I
feel like I should FaceTime all of you
guys just to be fair she's at school
because school still going oh just let
you do it
what see Stephanie she really liked my
videos okay well tell her thank you for
me well I'm getting another call I'm
gonna answer okay yeah that was the best
reaction that was awesome
so much I love you too what are you
doing hey axe yeah I think so I'm gonna
dab in it okay you get it three all
right I'm gonna move on levy - hello I'm
shakin - it's really cold in my room I'm
going to and 2017 I can almost guarantee
that I will be I'll talk to you later
bye
guys this kid is gonna freak out yeah
I'm trying to sleep by 5 I also know I'm
sorry I hear why are you sideways I'm
sideways I think you're sideways yeah
you're sideways as I was watching
Netflix I'll leave you to your sleep
good night ouch jail oh you want to do
it I guess this can be the last clip
first time Oh will you please do the
outdoors like stick it at the end of the
video part of us say oh yeah tired are
you say say it a my fall and then cover
it oh ok so I just say it my fault yeah
get the voice crack in there please good
night well that was nice uh well I guess
we're gonna have to end off the video
there I hope you guys enjoyed it thank
you guys so much for watching this video
I really really wish that I could
FaceTime more of you guys all the time
this was really fun and I just have the
best fans so thank you guys so much for
that I really enjoyed this so I might do
this again in the future
but thank you guys so much for watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share the friends if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe
