- right perfect
what is going on guys we are back and it
is about midnight right now I did
something that I'm very good at which is
procrastination so for my online school
I literally have to write one paper a
month it's very very easy right now we
get out of the computer I'm about to
write my one-page paper and it's
basically just uh yeah real quick I
thought I'd let you guys know that not
anyone can get into this school it's a
private online school it's really weird
but yeah you still get a diploma but not
just anybody can do it so I'm sorry what
I've learned over the last month which
is going to be about merchandise time
management with editing and making a
video every day and how much I hop costs
after a while yeah I just stopped by
McDonald's didn't want to drive all the
weight I hope you guys have never had
sent them out - you're missing out
they're so good but by the time you guys
are watching this video all of these
posters should be signed these are all
the posters I've left probably a hundred
or so then I'm completely done no more
signing posters for me I can't wait my
carpal tunnel is definitely settling in
and there goes rose and I know a lot of
you guys are probably like what the heck
Taylor why isn't this the facetiming
fans video that will be out tomorrow my
phone was literally blowing up and dying
every time I turn it back on because I
was getting so many face times I
couldn't use it so tomorrow I'm gonna
have to find a way to be able to
FaceTime people like one out of time
hopefully not have a bunch of calls
incoming because then you can't even see
their face so I will try to get that out
by tomorrow but but yeah I'm gonna go
ahead and write my paper I will see you
guys in the morning because I actually
got my truck fixed for those of you that
don't know I got a flat tire and also
the licensing on it was bad and I had to
get it inspected because I bought it out
of state but yeah I'm gonna go to sleep
so I'll see you guys in the morning
good night guys we out here type the
whole paper last night now I have today
to film two videos but here's the
basement right now we have all these
that we have to ship out today all of
those it's kind of bad lighting but as
you guys can see some of the signatures
got like peeled off because the Sharpie
wasn't dry enough so I think this is the
pile of ruined ones probably like 30 of
them but we bought 200 extras just to be
safe so I guess that was a good thing
all of these get shipped out today as
well another very very busy day can't
wait for these busy days to be over next
time I'm definitely letting someone else
handle the merch let's see if the remote
start will work from here nope let's go
see how Rose is doing
of course not she has a vet appointment
today at 2 o'clock guys look she is
legit eating a crater out of this foam
block oh my gosh okay well you have fun
okay try out your doghouse sometime I
real quick before I head out I thought
I'd give you guys my phone number
because I know I'm gonna make the
facetiming fans video but I also want to
be able to talk to you guys after that
not just cut off communication so
sometimes if I'm really bored I might
pick up a FaceTime or text you guys back
so feel free I guess my phone number is
3 1 6 6 500 984 so yeah now let's go I
would take the truck right now but I
really need to clean this car all very
tempting but I think I'm gonna go with
this one yes this will be the last time
I'll be taking the dirt road since my
car is gonna be clean and since it's a
good 30 degrees out I dressed for the
occasion this happened a few months ago
and I don't know if I told you guys but
they finally made this like a seamen
place it used to have a drop off that
was like a foot deep right there in the
middle it was like this big ditch and I
didn't know about it and I was driving
my car because I was late to a dentist
appointment and I was going like 40
miles an hour and literally went over
the foot and a half drop and technically
it was considered a car crash or
whatever I had to pay a lot to get that
fixed and it scarred me and I've been
scared to go over that ever since that
was my first time driving through that
live dangerously guys had to stop for
gas real quick but I'm beginning to
realize for one every breath is a vape
to a blanket in your car does nothing if
it's like frozen so lesson learned well
that is a bummer the carwash is closed
down because it's too cold
guess my car has to be dirty for the
winter and I can still take the dirt
roads and continue to mess up my car
that already makes weird noises so
McDonald's then to get Quentin so what
I've learned about McDonald's they don't
ask you if you having a nice day like
they do at Taco Bell
but this place is faster so Quinton wake
up ok well Quentin won't answer his
phone but I'm gonna try to go pick him
up I have my license plate on my window
because I kind of lost the screws that
you use the screwed in right there so
for now I'm gonna look like trash oh my
gosh it's been so long
it's 24 degrees out and my heat in this
truck does not work it is it is very
freakin cold I'm gonna have to go train
Quinton's doorbell and hope that he's up
nice decorations Clinton right good
morning
did you stay up all night doing school I
should go for 13 hours straight I had to
write my one paper a month last night
really sorry what text did I send you
should wake up handsome good bye Coco we
are almost to our spot and over there's
the lake and if this video gets 2
million like forty thousand likes if
this video gets forty thousand likes
whenever the lake freezes over we'll try
to walk on it and hopefully the ice
breaks that a cop nope anyone has you
just turning around really fast okay I
will assume the position have fun
I looked away and hit me in the back of
the neck
sorry officer my gas is a little touchy
forgot which one is my gas and I just
kept forgetting you made a big Oh
oh my god every breath is like breathing
in a bunch of dirt
youie my favorite part is that we don't
have the heater on it doesn't work sadly
guys we had to give that one guy that
sold me the truck back we had to give
his garage door opener back so there's
no more pranking him but so I bet we got
him real good though only four hours
away
okay now we're at my mom's new
restaurant because I have to go inside
and get any stuff that we're sending off
to you guys like the pop saga the
posters and bring them to the post
office but I thought we'd take a look
inside real quick at the restaurant that
my mom's gonna open yeah so like our
tables and chairs think you could sit at
that yeah perfect
remember when I said I'd work here we
said that yeah that was like a year ago
before you guys got all famous and fent
let me test that one of the chairs real
quick by the first one I bet the people
moved it is pretty comfy there's outlets
I think there's Wi-Fi here too
dude imagine right when we turn 18 we're
telling the burke carter story and we're
releasing the hard drive I can't wait
big things coming all right let's go get
the boxes out of my mom's truck will do
goodbye all their heavy
it's super cool let's go is it 27
degrees not yeah and a little windy
here's a box sprout
happy birthday I love helping wait I am
helping you're getting better only doors
here you are fine sir hello two more on
my truck I'll be right back with Oh
dude my truck got dirty thank you I had
to stop by Walmart real quick because
I'm collecting something new as you guys
know I have a lot of Taco Bell change
what you didn't know is I have like 30
packs of gum in here and now it's gonna
be even more you can never have too much
gum well guys corn stds ice cream I have
to go into the video so that is
basically it for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave like
ensure the fun if you enjoyed subscribe
if you're new and I'll see you guys in
the next one peace out seas
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
