Pyro's we put her pad inside of a
doghouse so she liked it more I don't
know if it's working or not oh I never
did a proper intro what is going on guys
we are back and today I woke up this
morning to 1.7 million subscribers which
is absolutely insane like we are getting
so close to 2 million subscribers that
is just so many people and it's insane
we hit a million subscribers 3 months
ago so in 3 months we've gotten a whole
new 700,000 which that is just so many
people so thank you guys it's also just
a lot of new people so hi as you guys
can see the Sun is already starting to
set because well it's actually like 4
o'clock but I signed posters all morning
long and I'm almost done signing all the
posters so that's good but today even
though it's freezing I'm going to be
getting all the skills off that
trampoline you know maybe I'll just use
that one over there I don't know but I
want to bring out all the mattresses and
do like flips off the maps is onto the
Tramp and like vice versa because I have
another traveling video in a little
while so I want to do that and I didn't
really want to do a messy trampoline
versus today but don't acquittance
should be here soon ok so yeah let's
bring up all the mattresses I am also
going to be doing a Q&A in this video
because I think I'm gonna start doing
weekly Q&A I had you guys ask me
questions on Twitter so I'll be
answering some of those I'm gonna have
quit and read them off to me whenever he
gets here and I'm gonna bring all the
mattresses outside right now this better
be as fun as I'm thinking it will be
this should be a two-man job
kind of jump off the shed onto him
another time last one
perfect timing I already got every
single mattress here could call you sexy
we're gonna do floats off the trampoline
on the mattresses and wall side too bad
oh my god the Masters moving by itself
yeah let's just do it off the circle
one's good I'm not about to get all
those nasty skittles off there they're
all like melted into the Tramp it's
gross
we're probably not going to take that
trampoline with us in the new house do a
water bottle full of ice it's impossible
so now I could do it come on
come on I can do this it's not work I
told you aah I can get this watch on
charge it's impossible hello
Chung get your dog oh oh she went inside
you want to start moving the matches
while I go Oh
over by the sky down all right BRB I
have retrieved L dog Oh time to ruin
some white socks she never stops
fighting with the other dog can't wait
to move ok mister something cool oh
there's a skittle on my frickin soft oh
no it sticks to the trampoline every
time I take a balance Wow let's get the
rest oh that's better
oh it's so cold out why I'm so tempted
to leave these out here tonight oh wow
it's sad that those mattresses are
probably softer than my foam pit
oh hi coins it's a little chilly out
here ready for front flow to a kaboom I
got my eyes water when it's cold no no
look Rose gonna do put two jars on Rose
okay ha ha ha good job doc oh yeah mover
the dog oh oh what's up I just did a
track over my own dog oh yeah the way
don't you dare bite my new jacket BAM
she's a this is her new bed but she is
sadly mistaken
Oh Harriette plateless
ah dad done it on oh you like you're
helping it head but the metal watch out
Rose now go oh no my tell Oh Sophie
they're gone are they really going yeah
I see him alright what's that 360 dive
roll or whatever that is exactly what he
used
Freddie ready for this Quinton that was
test that was success
you forgot the 360 and the making it
cool part do I love that sweatshirt oh
nice one I can do it on a trampoline I
bridge this out just go like then do it
the worse that's gonna happen is you
headbutt the ground that high-five would
have hurt so yeah from Laurie okay now
the things I do for the sick angles you
oh did I get you I'm not sure you're a
pro Park Forest I'm gonna do a butt
front flip
Oh
no it's too cold even though like if
you're on the earth that anymore bro
one more flip each and we're going to do
the QA I'm wearing the same exact outfit
I wore in my last video I took a shower
don't worry I do that I do that give me
a high five let's do a backflip off the
ground onto them oh this thing is taller
than me
what my toes like you're gone I'm doing
this with my heels the string of my
little jacket here hit my tooth Lisa's
not like braces and your brace catches
one of the threads yeah all right let's
go inside real quick before we get into
this messy bed Q&A so I basically so
I've officially started using the hard
drive that I bought for our stupid
moment I haven't what did I call it I'm
calling it the hard drive of stupidity
well it's more than just stupidity I was
thinking about giving you guys a little
teaser no but we've agreed that we're
gonna release it on our 18th birthday
yeah we share the same birthday
we don't January and then July so
they're pretty close okay the first one
that game up do your support coiler of
course but I kind of like that planner
kind of thing ever think about that are
you ever gonna have any meet and greets
I definitely will in 2017 I'm not too
sure win because it's not 2017 but I'll
let you know whenever I do is the krusty
krab unfair well yeah how many
boyfriends have you had
next one if you were to get another dog
what kind would it be there's a really
really cute dog I tweeted a long time
ago that I want here's a picture of it
um if you could go to one place in the
world where would it be cancerous we're
just Kate Upton life I've always wanted
to get a Sweden I want to see the
Northern Lights what's the most
embarrassing thing that's ever happened
to you rub my head on my bed once that
sounds wrong now I'm getting into
munching like four months ago so almost
a thousand replies but only about 13
hashtags max can I steal rose someone
actually already did that one of our
friends took her for a ride they they
dognapped her for like 30 minutes
actually
what is your craziest fan story
I left a fish at my doorstep someone
kept order dance for one once I hugged a
girl and she touched my butt and then I
was like thank you kidding I actually
happened I was like oh why did you hate
public school so much
Quentin went to my public school Dylan
goes that school spill how is it doing
ha ha ha
will you attend our Fox ever clap again
no it's over I'm just kidding I'm
actually gonna go see him sometime
pretty soon probably I'm starting to see
how many people spelled my last name
wrong on my fan art wall when will you
open up the trampoline like the one in
my garage yeah we're not gonna be taking
that one to the new house I don't even I
don't know if we're taking any I'm gonna
get new ones but I'm giving it away in a
video and doing a video about it they
don't know about it so it'll be a
surprise for that person so yeah it's
not gonna be mine now but I will jump on
it in that video would you ever date a
fun alright it's my turn to look for
questions cuz we're not coming up with
too many though I still haven't been
taught how to read what are your goals
for 2017 although they do that one in
its own video or I will do that in
another QA closer to 2017 are you
planning to go to college I hope not are
you ever going to do a new water bottle
trickshot video
I didn't I didn't know those were still
thing maybe someday if you guys wanted I
will do this video yes a million likes
will do what about juts what is your
next fan mail opening in the bathtub
going to consist of how about we don't
do next one the better I want to call
the next one British p.o box opening and
do it no I want to do it in tea and we
have to talk like we've to talk like
this the whole time that's a bunch of
crock we're doing it I'll be sick that
day who's the smartest in your family
probably Taylor what's a future collab
that you are looking to do I'm gonna get
pewdiepie on my trampoline in Kansas and
teach them a triple backflip
where do you want to be in 19 years cuz
twenties to Main Street Wow in nineteen
years I want to I want to have kids for
one I want to be able to post whatever
YouTube video I want and not have to
worry if it'll get enough views I just
want it to be funny is there any more
given um about 400 of them or what is
the burnt carpet story and why did you
do it should we just tell them that we
might as well it's been a while okay so
yeah yeah well guys that is basically it
for the QA will tell the Berk harvest
story someday but not today we're just
out of time today that's it Dylan get in
here for the outro you're in the video
too I never know what to do and you do
the outro so I'm just gonna not look I
hope you guys enjoyed this video don't
forget to leave like in terms of ends if
you enjoyed subscribe you and I'll see
you guys the next one peace out
you came in looking like that you just
maybe check
