what is going on guys we are back and
today I'm sitting on my floor because
I'm editing my video on the floor this
is like my new favorite thing got the
heater fan on my feet is well maybe
editing sucks so bad because I'm always
sitting at a desk and not lying on my
floor I don't know I will do some more
tests and let you guys know so real
quick I want to talk to you guys about
the side pain I've been having I talked
about how I went to the hospital for it
for a little bit and I haven't really
said anything else about it but last
night I hurt really bad and then this
morning and I was actually going to
cancel my doctor's appointment with the
doctor I said was in a different state
because it was doing really good for a
while but I think I'm actually gonna
leave that alone and actually go to the
doctor because I really want to solve
because when ever hurts I like can't do
anything it hurt last night's whenever
we went to go look at the Christmas
lights and it was just like so hard to
film and whenever it hurts I'm in a bad
mood so I never want to film whenever
I'm in a bad mood because then it's just
a bad video and it's almost impossible
to edit whenever you're in pain because
the last thing you want to be doing is
sitting at a desk or even on the floor
trying to focus on doing something else
when all you can do is focus on the pain
so I'm trying to get rid of this stupid
side pain hopefully soon I said in my
video yesterday that I was gonna make a
video every day December that is still
the plan I'm like almost halfway done
but yeah guys today is the day I finally
get my lights in my car I've had these
lights for weeks maybe even a month now
and they've just been sitting in my car
I want to get them on my car so we found
a guy to do it today and I'm gonna be
dropping off my car and I'll go pick
that up later and then we'll go drive
around in that it'll be fun
super excited for those I have about two
hours till I have to leave so I'm gonna
go ahead and edit I'll see you guys in a
little bit guys I don't have any pants
on because I edited my underwear all
morning long now I got to find my pants
I found them it takes 30 minutes to get
there we're gonna be 15 minutes late
I'll play a good song in the car so that
we can get there fast Quentin is going
to be driving separately because he has
to take me back turns out I can't ride
home the car I have to leave there I
didn't have time to put in my hair now
I'm gonna look six good weight real
quick you know what no I was going to
show you guys the lights but it's
daytime anyway so
and here we are finally going to get
these lights on cannot wait
let's not park in the handicap all right
so I won't have my car all day
necessities phone Taco Bell card and I
think that's it we will also grab the
lights that might be important shiny
hello oh and right back out wrong place
thanks mom now we're gonna drive again
yep change of plans for now we're at the
mall because we need to kill time
because apparently the other place says
they don't have us on schedule either I
don't know what to freaking do was it my
fault so now I guess we're gonna go mess
around in the mall I don't know see this
this is a challenger that looks cool and
it has halo light and that's what I'm
after thought that was going to happen
today still my no idea remember how we
did the handstand escalator challenge no
I don't remember I wasn't here
we should be the escalator backflip
challenge I'll record I'm gonna find
myself a good colored hoodie because I
don't have one and I need one got my
student I got pointing got my subway got
your pewdiepie and your cutie pie
we have the traditional adidas these are
cool but these are clique baby I don't
know why this place makes me so tired I
don't have any like that at all I only
have hoodies this looks like something
Blake graves where oh like if you're
watching this comment I would wear that
yeah I guess we're getting to clickbait
1 will this fit notice the time you can
try stuff on yeah that's good enough
let's go
thank you have a good day they made me
sign on the little signature pad as I
was leaving but I got my signature down
because I've signed like a thousand
posters so far guys this hoodie
there's a lot more money than I thought
well I would not have bought it and but
I already put it up there this is my
first jacket I only have hoodies this
one unzips and even though that's a
windbreaker oh it breaks the wind did
wear like a cape I wasn't expecting you
to run away alright we gotta get a sick
angle dude in your home I can't zip it
up
let's get out of here yeah guys I don't
think that we're getting my lights on my
car today because turns out you need to
get an appointment to go hi
let's play stair with kid with the
camera you win ha I just realized we
both drove here so listen this is
goodbye I just wanted to see Santa see
you at home and see you guys at home
without my new lights well guys that
really sucks I thought that I was going
to be giving the lights on my car today
and I was told that I've waited like a
month now so I'm pretty sure I can wait
a little bit longer that really freaking
sucks because I talked about it
throughout like the first half of this
video well now we got to think of
something else to do because that was
gonna be like the rest of this video
great hey man do you want to actually be
a help this time and setting it roses
dog out sure grab some wood and I'll
fall on the Box grab the wood and I'll
pull on the box
hi Rose are you ready hey we're gonna
make your house right now Quentin's
gonna help us too because apparently me
and you can't do it an ice water bottle
flip never mind it flips very fast well
since my video idea for today has been
taken away from me trampoline vs. old
skittles all right team let's do this
Rose kind of helped us by biting the Box
a lot wait no I'm good at this let me
700 that would explain my nothing dude
okay hey want to freakin quit it do it
or shove in my face that's what I wear
when we do three people in the back I
know what am I gonna get freakin killed
threesomes are not fun gentlemen
gentlemen read the instructions uh-huh
uh-huh well boys I think we know how we
do it looking good boys I'm not doing
anything this time I'm occupying rows
right no you like you take more than out
it's cold out that hurt Tristan you just
put the roof on the bottom of it today
is it done oh wow
are you ready to do the 24-hour
challenge let's he froze rages at
five-second challenge hey one two oh no
no no so she does this okay what if I
break the floor and you buy a new one
you don't know you could fit
oops oh my god I just heard it crack
yeah watch your head
come here come here I can't get my feet
all the way in right now come on in Rose
come on yeah quit eating my like day
three of the 24-hour challenge it's
freaking cold and I'm about to get out
of this tiny little doghouse that I do
not fit inside of she likes it though
right are you mad I'm in your house or
do you just hate it I'm mad you just bit
my microphone so we're even
well Rose I'll leave you to it oh now
you want to sit down whenever I want to
get out now is she like sooner you get
out the force a snack
but she'll fam oh well guys 24 hour
challenge failed but it technically was
a challenge that we failed so leave like
we're gonna go take Instagram pictures
now cuz I got this new jacket since it's
good and gloomy outside I'm gonna wear
something grace that everybody knows I'm
depressed
guys I've been thinking about doing
weekly q and A's like during the vlogs
and stuff I will just read out four
questions I know I already did it like
one time but I think I might make that a
normal thing so let me know it'll be on
Twitter if I do so go follow me at
Braungart tanner won t even though there
is two T's going from run car to Tanner
but there wasn't enough room I'm sorry
dude I made it new spray painted it
silver thank you bro Terri strapping her
helmet since you're not going to use him
we're not why wouldn't we use them how
about we go get in my car and go take
instagram pictures do it we could go
climb on top of that train will you'd go
get under the train that could be a
video laying under a train no I mean
like sideways are you sure the a
depression joke earlier wasn't well we
went where we always go whenever we have
nowhere to go
grandma's house hi we got to take an
Instagram picture last time we got a
ladder got up there and then we helped
each other up to the top we don't
parkour anymore we might have to get a
ladder hey grandpa
do you have a ladder oh here it is not
gonna be safe at all
yeah this might actually work Oh github
Buddha dude I never was any good at
parkour oh good it's so cold up here
alright now we have to get up here
that's slanted oh oh god oh god this
brings back the eyes remember whenever I
tried to help Blake onto the roof and
then he pulled both of us off well this
will be the same thing this is us steep
it's it's actually possible I think of
this rip my pants awesome this is
actually pretty cool thanks grandpa
which way should we go it looks
mysterious that way objective of the day
don't fall off the roof look yeah either
way
perfect I'll take some you can use my
pop sockets for extra grip guys he says
I'm put a pop socket on while on the
sleep oh yeah I said I'd put one on this
phone whenever you're sleeping oh my god
these looks so good I should probably
not do the side with the acne thank you
bath challenges give me some more that
work it feisty thank you so last time we
got off of the roof by jumping into the
playground rocks I'm not doing that
Vista
we're gonna get down very carefully oh
it's cool shimmy it around just like
fall yeah really probably just try to
resist a little bit we're okay
you're gonna have to help my foot down
like I helped yours up actually this is
probably not a good idea
just come on man you got it bad idea
let me turn around real quick it's okay
that that's all that happened okay
oh you made it nice this is the trouble
we go through for Instagram pictures I
believe in you Quentin
I don't you almost there that's scary
thanks grandpa
let's go on all right yeah when I had
your camera I did some stuff that you
can't leave in the video all right guys
we're back home now and if you guys
stuck to the end thank you guys so much
I hope you guys enjoyed this video don't
forget to leave like insurance friends
if you enjoyed subscribe here and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace out
fuck you came in looking like that you
just maybe
