what is going on guys today it is a nice
and gloomy day outside yeah a little bit
rainy but it's actually a little bit
warmer out than it has been it's been
freezing cold the last couple of days so
it sucked pretty bad so basically the
past few days for me have been super
super busy I've spent so many hours at
the computer and so many hours filming
and that is what I wanted I said I'd
make a video every day unless I'm trying
to do and I will make a video every day
of December I'm using this as kind of a
test run to see if I want to continue to
do every single day by the end of the
month I want to see if I was glad that I
did it every day and if I am and I was
happy that I did it then I'll probably
continue to do every day but there's
really two styles to my vlogs there
either really really stupid and really
funny or they're like what we did that
day and it's kind of like a story that I
can look back on and see what I did on a
specific day and it's kind of just an
overview of my life and it kind of like
an inside look which I like both and
that's kind of my style to put in both
even though I leave in a lot of the
stupid stuff there's somewhat of an
actual point to the vlog so that's what
I'm trying to do right now is just
figure out what would be best for me and
what I like and what you guys would like
I watch a lot of other youtubers and
they kind of just vlog like five minutes
at a time of whatever they're doing and
just put in the entire five minutes not
even that cut up and I just put in the
best moments like I just go around do
whatever throughout the day and then I
just put in the best moments and it's
not always like the easiest to watch I
think see I'm trying to figure out what
to do with that so let me know and also
today I sat at my desk and I was
watching some YouTube about to edit my
video so I set my phone now to watch it
with a pop sake because not only these
things like for holding your phone
better for like selfies and whatever
else they're also for setting up your
phone to where you can watch YouTube
videos and other stuff but mine just
falls right over and it's because I put
it too low I didn't mean to do that it's
just like literally all the way down
there but I took one pops off get out of
my inventory of each of these for me so
I'm gonna put it up here so that my
phone can actually balance and that way
I can have both designs on my phone
there we go perfect now I can watch
YouTube Aneta at the same time even
though that won't work well I would say
this is the perfect phone now both pop
sockets on it looking beautiful oh and
one more thing
so when yesterday's p.o box opening
video I kind of left out a package it
was really big and really long and I
didn't want to get it wet because I knew
it was like a poster or something I
meant to put it in the end of the video
but I didn't so I'll just show it now
congratulations on 1 million subscribers
literally looks so much like the actual
YouTube plaque it's pretty big and it
looks just I mean almost exactly alike
congratulations first surpassing 1
million subscribers tannenberg are even
though my 1 million subscriber play
button won't say my name
to check the name of this and we already
threw away all the packages so I'm sorry
it off the name but you know who you are
thank you so much for this you know what
I know in a video I said my 100k
subscribers plaque would go here but
since I don't have either of them they
can go right here check it out guys is
that not the most beautiful thing you've
ever seen
now imagine if it was real some day but
today today is like cleaning day number
three because our house just keeps
getting more and more messy bathtub is
finally clean though
thank you guys who sent bleach because
it comes in handy when getting the
stains off the bathtub hi rose hold up
we got rose a new bowl soo she'll do
anything with it ready you ready look at
how messy our backyard is - there's just
random codes laying everywhere I guess
that was from trampling vs. skittles but
still ready rose you ready no so you'd
rather play with the clothes that sit
out here way to put this hammer up here
because you used to bite at that same
with the rusty katana why why do you do
that huh she's gotten better with biting
and stuff though she's a nicer dog oh
now isn't that right no guess what Rose
today we're gonna set up your doghouse
it's either gonna be in that desert look
in corner right there maybe over there
I'm not sure yet
Tristan are you ready to help come on it
says three simple steps we'll see if
that's actually the case are we building
a dog oh hell yes
it smells like a church get out of the
box
all right I give up rose you want to do
this by yourself I'm going back inside
wait
look just now I just like to say thank
you so much for the help grab the wood
and I'll pull on the Box grab the wood
and I'll pull on the box yeah it's a
fish don't think loot it to the inside
of the box so I guess we're gonna do is
a little later thanks for your help
anyway oh wait you didn't give me any
well here's the new emoji pillow
collection I feel like we have even more
I just don't know where they are or
where to look but one two three four
five six seven I guess that's not as
many as I thought I'm pretty sure we
have more but might be under some
pillows because I mean it's all mess but
hey not bad well guys it's dark out now
and today has been the most
I wouldn't say unproductive it's been
the most busy boring day ever
welcome to the production line it's
gotten even worse like so much stuff we
have to do all this by ourselves cuz
they're signed posters you can't just
ship them off to a factory since they're
all hand signed and I've signed a ton of
posters and I'm hand packaging pop
socket please be patient we're working
yeah
um are we sold out of all the new ones
in a day I think so I can check are we
gonna be ordering new hundra now I have
to check with the company first right
now that batch that I let go yesterday
isn't even gonna be shipped to us until
right after Christmas so so if we did
another one you'd be even longer down
here is all of the fan mail that I
haven't opened these are all letters
just from the last few weeks literally
an entire basket is ridiculous
well I did it for you guys I don't I
mean it's so hard only because a lot of
you guys wanted stuff for Christmas and
everything so we did everything that we
can and we're still trying to make it
all happen
which we will eventually because we
already said we would but yeah I
definitely found out I liked making
YouTube videos way more than merch cuz
that sucks it's fine whenever someone
else does it I guess we'll get like a
permanent thing once we have like a
bigger company working with us I guess
here's all the fan art we're gonna bring
all of this fan mail into the new house
it's going to take forever but we're
gonna make it happen this is all fan art
right here it sucks what are we gonna do
with the ones on the closet they're
gonna tear as soon as we take them off
no no hi rose I'm sorry we haven't put
up your house still haven't done that
but I think we're gonna go look at
Christmas lights tonight if you guys
remember a few videos ago actually
probably more than a few now we went to
this Christmas light show thing
and it's supposed to be really cool we
went last year but it was closed down so
we couldn't go that night but we're
going to try to go again tonight so
hopefully we can do that mom are you
coming with us
sure get out out out all right you know
what you can stay there sit still don't
bite in my count I guess while I'm in
here I will show you guys the
lamborghini collection it is ridiculous
there's a ton of little ones that I
haven't put up here and I don't know if
I will I might just have like a separate
collection of those so there's room for
a few more Lamborghinis but look at how
many of they're ours just ridiculous
we've got a rainbow of Lamborghinis
police car one right there then there's
the really old one down here so I mean
yeah we've just been swamped lately with
tons of stuff to do still going to give
that poster to my grandma but it's okay
even though it's been a boring day and
everything I have my 1 million
subscriber play all right guys who's
ready wait I forgot where's it at yeah
ha my hair looked bad today anyway I
also forgot to show you guys this clip
this happened yesterday but I forgot to
put in the peel box opening video so
here it is now oh yeah it's so heavy
yeah how does you get to stay under it
oh my god that was on my snapchat so if
you guys want to go add me on snapchat
its tanner underscore b-24 but we've
been putting cereal in that bag for so
long and then we tried to put into a
second bag so that maybe it would hold
as we bring it to the trashcan but it
exploded everywhere luckily back into
the bathtub but it flew up all over the
walls and the paintings and window so
that's what forever to clean up but yeah
we're leaving now to go see the lights
they're playing my old outro song one of
my many old outro songs actually
and it's dark all right right now we're
getting my aunt Christy and my cousins
Lily and Logan from their house and
they're coming with us they weren't with
us last year I don't know why that
matters because I didn't film anything
last year none of you know what I'm
talking about oh yeah we are here so
turns out our skyline test here found
out that we actually went here exactly a
year ago today my limbs are funky last
year we got out and like went up to the
lights and messed around don't know if
I'm gonna do that either this year
because my side hurts really bad and I
love being hunched over in the back of a
truck Wow we have Kansas right there we
took an Instagram picture there last
year here's the picture right now Wow
mom why don't we get one of those in our
yard we have nothing in our yard Taylor
it's a cupcake you used to love my eight
whoa you to the choppa come on boy yeah
you do well guys that is it for the
lights that's a lot shorter than I
remember we didn't get out run around
like true well we're gonna go home and
go to sleep now I'm sorry this is a bit
of a shorter video I'm guessing it is
guy didn't really have that much to film
today like I said boring day and yeah
you guys wanna help me thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like share and if you enjoyed
subscribe for new I didn't ask for help
there subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys next one peace out
Eddie revolt it's nobody's fault
fuck you came looking like that
you just maybe check
