what is going on guys I'm with Dylan at
Walmart right now we have 15 gallons of
milk we're gonna be doing the p.o box
opening in the bathtub this time but
with cereal let's get fruity pebbles hi
pebbles okay over two of those bags
let's get to Cinnamon Toast Crunch one's
filming this on my iPhone with the pop
socket booyah
alright let's go our house is still a
mess but all the mattresses are gone my
mom finally made me put them away
no our mattress session I left that milk
in my trunk and it is freezing cold
outside so we're gonna be taking a bath
in freezing cold milk um mmm
there we go guys I should have put a
sack in whenever we put the ramen
noodles in because it smells horrible it
smells so good I love it okay fellas I
got a stack it real quick hold up we're
dead guy can we put the milk in the
microwave so it's at least warm alright
guys I know I've said this a lot but
this is actually the biggest p.o box
opening we've ever had this took four
days for all this mail to get here and
that is a tower to my ceiling Dylan why
are you in your underwear final get on
I'll go easy on that I was kidding you
can stay in your freaking short wait I
wanna be on the Left again I don't like
being in the middle
why was on Dylan's in the middle of
Dubois your guy usually want to making a
bowl cereal I do the cereal first but I
kind of feel like we shouldn't milk
first this milk has been in my trunk and
it's been frozen
oh no more bugs here we put again we'll
get one give me one egg to do the first
ones we're going to throw no okay this
bathtub is 100% milk only no gun sorry
oh we didn't hold on
Jefferson i dub secrets oh my god
i dubs is my scientist leader alright
let's have a race my waiver is yours
okay I'll sit this one out all right no
you can't stab it that's my thing
what did he go I win
get more milk are you holding my wrist
Lila it's not working with all right we
have all the milk in the bath we start
to put all the cereal and it literally
looks like whipped cream on the top my
leg hairs are sticking god I love knives
you better watch out try to keep it in
the bath oh my god you see this way oh
all you read her diary she kept it in
the bath oh my god do your feet hurt
lips
got one perfectly is this sitting on top
now oh what's mixing in I never eat any
dry cereal whenever I make my actual
cereal ha ha they forgot one shit you
better watch out oh my god guys this
feels amazing you you need to come
experience by your hearted weight before
it gets too nasty I just wanted oh I
thought everything you imagined and then
some everyone sit down 1 2 3 oh I'm at
the bottom two of it I've even sat down
and at least get in no hell enough room
it feels like a fuzzy blanket on my back
oh my god all right let's get the
freaking going no I want to stand up
dude you're getting can spell over my
food beachside all right ready 1 2 3
yeah wet moving way to get punched in
the nuts why would we punch him we're
Knights
hey you guys are but frightful and on
bangle is eye-opening sometimes this is
from Romans Johnson wow you guys are
starting off strong with a some diamond
stickers well that's actually pink
Lamborghini that everyone keeps sending
me pink hair dye shock camera no thank
you
oh this I made this Lamborghini I think
it's a shirt Dan is it at the 45 holy
crap someone say you a really cool pair
of headphones and you got a Money chain
Tanner's a rap well I got Syria all my
gold chain oh my god my underwear is for
Syria hi I'm sorry oh man
this room is from well Hensley fishing
he was sure and everything hipster want
to be you thanks for the props from the
west coast Thank You hipster want to be
for the close I'll have to try this on
later whenever I'm not there's a shark
in the water and the whale and walrus Oh
a toothbrush all this might be used
though guys I needed a toothbrush today
get out of there stop - animal
stuffed animal T reg and his name is
John thank you for the Gallardo I don't
see a name
wait let me find it they already said oh
there's also a lot more colors oh this
guy's name is Tanner Tanner O'Neal hey
this is an alien landing pad this is the
weirdest looking Lamborghini I have ever
received let me see it looks like it's
an old one I know what the 90s yeah it's
old but I know Oh 90s I've seen 60s is
that bacon on that yeah whoa check this
out someone sent me my own pop socket of
me drinking bleach weightless on my
porch from that QA
that's so cool whoa whoa good knife can
I use the other one then um Steve from
American Dad it's stowage from Family
Guy gorge du Bois hey Tanner you got
your braces off let's shoot some gum and
let's do it and Happiness quit let me
let me focus I'm ready huh hey got it
Taco Bell money I should probably fix my
underwear another pair of sunglasses
it's a secretary
third pair of sunglasses I wonder what
this could be
whoa this is a really freaking cool one
thank you I'm running out of space on
the top of my bed guys that's what would
be good no no ah I just got this one so
calling Gambhir I got soaked I'm sorry
bro
we got a tiger what is this edible core
ops I bet we got a hippo we got a snake
we got a thing we got a lot of bracelet
this one's actually really cool they
made out they made a car tags I'm pretty
sure with all my names on it
these are license plates with a phone I
um Scott garrison was this will say one
to two Tuttle to two tall these are
words that we will read and number one
fan of the Sacramento Kings that's today
yes I feel as if I cannot put this on
the back of my car
okay there's like a ton of letters in it
I do not want to open this right here
just do a pink charger Shaun Schaefer
let's check it out Shaun
spoiler mom what is this oh this is
Batman it's a Batman case with nothing
in it this is from Carter McKay people
admin oh this is a portable charger I
lost mine
neither flashlight I lost that one I'm
gonna need it is this a donut
I lost my donut looks like it is pretty
pebbles on it put in the back and two
golf balls give me that water on
flipping wrong video silly yeah honey
I'm hungry I'm gonna eat these hey guys
this is a ball this isn't a milk bath
anymore okay this is a Lamborghini the
only like Funyuns not here yeah I have
some some trampoline socks what guys
owned definitely been warned
okay this is it you can but there's
monies inside of thing there's a condom
inside with some change
thank you this smells like tobacco we
don't like chewing tobacco
okay you we like Funyuns this is
actually cool whoa look tanner
Taylor Tristan Road thank you for this
my mom's probably feeling left out right
about now no I am too yeah Shane I'm
sorry my hands are all sticky annoying
kid sent a picture of himself put on the
other side we have a BB gun I've only
had one BB gun and all my childhood bro
hey wait wait okay I went through a
strong airsoft gun phase and I was a kid
you guys show up to my house be prepared
Thank You Julian look at this so you
have to hate a Lamborghini I got mail
did you really yeah they said so heck
yeah this gum is so good thank you it's
kind of getting a little repetitive oh
my gosh this is insane one rays are so
cool though satellizer this wait
complete the outfit means swag glass now
I can't see anything cool I really
wanted to step do this one oh my name
was like put together in these corks but
I guess some of them fell off Oh someone
sent me their gymnastics medal is it for
my flips cuz thank you
I mean my form is pretty bad they say
you lie I'm quite of a whale let's
forget heavy you know I'm about to use
this as an example of um excessive tape
and
seven I could have sounded it would have
been just fine okay well that is poof on
the pencil hey I love these is a big
sticker read on cam I will they put me
on a dollar I'm going to sent you a
Christmas cheer Tanner I live in Florida
I've been watching your videos daily
since you started vlogging daily so like
two weeks okay
and I've seen every other one of your
videos I hope that you enjoy the emoji
pillow and the other random stuff I got
from Ian Rogers and shout out to Clay
Lawrence okay hope you like it in okay
I literally have through the exact same
emoji Eagles now hear this fan art is
beautiful quit pushing me off thank you
so much the cereal getting so soggy
alright we have one more each let's do
it
this one's from Elijah you made a big
Carly hemming let's check it out from
Linden Illinois another emoji pillow
go ahead it there's so many now
something that's really colorful dear
Tanner I really don't know what to say
but let's give this a shot I will be 15
in March I've been subscribed you since
before you had 100,000 subscribers what
is that oh right hoping you know I look
forward to your videos every day and I'm
so proud of how far you've come
sometimes I think my friends are getting
tired of me talking about you I want
your in quitting videos every day
hi Dylan your loser by the way thanks
for this great knife it's a pretty cool
dude I can't get it out it's rated well
thank you so much Carly I love the
letter and dude this is awesome
Thank You Carly I put the knife in the
box that's pretty cool this is the
weirdest knife this bracelet is awesome
there's too many packages annoying we
got some cool dice this one out both
sides are sharp I forgot I have fruit
loops everywhere oh the chocolate fell
and I'm back oh come back
chocolate from American dead here we are
the honeymoon suite
hello fancy chocolate on the pillow hey
combat chocolate are we gonna get out we
always have the same problem how about I
get out and then I clear the way for you
guys cuz I'm a nice guy look
this is gross this is nasty dude the
prices at my cereal can I get over there
now go on you make sure it's warm
all right boys come on you dumps I just
you lean on that you're think I can a
towel holders gonna hold you
this isn't bourbon Carson thank you guys
so much for watching this video don't
forget to leave a like and share the
bread if you enjoyed subscribe you and
I'll see you guys the next one peace out
it ain't my fault
no one did a piece on face it ain't my
fault
you're bad
my fuck you came looking like that
you just maybe too funny
