I also forgot to tell you guys that both
kinds of pop sockets are restocked
auntie burger calm link in the
description you guys can check it out
there this will be the last time that
they'll be available for Christmas and
they sold out really fast last time and
had a lot of people being like hey make
some more pop sockets what is on my lip
why Jake you gave me hurts so don't miss
your chance what is going on guys we are
back and we are actually cleaning right
now I said we would clean in my last
three videos but we're actually doing it
right here is the production center of
all the pop sockets posters we don't
make those speaking of toasters if you
turn on our microwave the Wi-Fi goes out
quit chewing up stuff speaking of pop
sockets what BAM what I am we are sold
out of the black ones are there any flip
daddy white ones left
last I checked like 20 they're probably
both all sold out by now I got to find
out where I want it on this phone a lot
of people were asking if these are good
high-quality pop sockets well they come
from pop socket themselves right let's
go to a better lit place hi I am dev
squad take this sticky thingy off moment
of truth right here guys
all right press that on there booyah
that looks so good now I got to do my
hair because this this is not cutting it
now I got to go clean some more but
these turned out really well
my friend Jake's coming over in a little
bit and I have no idea what we're gonna
do tonight probably mattress flips a
little bit but tomorrow we're waking up
and we're going to a gym at 8 o'clock
we're going in before hours so no one
else will be there we can pretty much do
whatever we want cuz we get a special
waiver and Jake's really get it flips I
think Dillon acquitting might be coming
with us
not sure Dillon are you coming with us
tomorrow yes
is that a sailor's promise look man
don't make me do it no you guys want to
see a funny picture with this well here
it is it's me and you remember whenever
we take that picture you're welcome and
these are all pop sockets yeah that's a
lot now those are so sexy
they're beautiful mom they really turned
out good pop mom yes I'm joining you
while I wait
but mom here's another how many I don't
know well you guys have fun I'll have
fun signing even more Jake is here
everyone's here we all suck it flips
let's do this I got to put on some tunes
we're gonna do this because we have
nothing else to do tonight tomorrow will
be more interesting but for now perfect
you can do it okay are you ready yeah
hey your turn I think is mom do it back
flip up - back LeMans hey where'd you
where'd you put my shoes huh oh my god
you're so good at flips go five triple
backflip on mattress fold it up I can do
that
oh I'm going to try to land a cavity
it's not gonna work but a meter up onto
the mattress not possible not on these
are you I think that's it for the old
master session and I don't have the
crack now this rip in peace
Jake Breshears hi guys well that's it
for tonight but we will see you guys in
the morning
good night good night everybody
huddle time hello this morning already
let's go alright so it's 8 o'clock right
now and we're heading into this big
place we have the whole trampoline side
of it to ourselves but some of it is
like basketball and stuff are you saying
I have to I think Oh fun I'm your
guardian I brought a computer here sorry
I had to wake you up this early I am
goal for me by the end of this hang from
the ceiling up there
you got it
Hey
you
they got us in for four hours I think
we're going to stay 30 minutes now if I
didn't sign a waiver so I can't prove he
can't jump
yeah
you're a quitter
are we breaking in yeah we need a hook
to grab the thing to pull to us so we
can swing it you got the music going
along with it
what was that scary droplet while
Tanner's gone getting a drink
we're going to lay down we're gonna
Netflix and chill just me and you okay
here we go
you are Netflix and chill Jake I got it
go and do something crazy
I'm like no come back get down what's
your plan take you up
I wonder why maybe because they don't
dust the rafters did you like in the
light I can't even see you oh these look
at all this dust pulling oh my god
yeah definitely bottomed out the fucking
pit you really ain't my butt so hard
What's it feel like on the bottom of the
phone pit really
we should put some more foam
well you're so good at spinning in the
air do something crazy nice moves do
it's hard to do anything
yeah me too yes I'm filming oh my god
that's what I look like
I slip
we're going to make a foam pit for it
and I didn't even use it the title or
thumbnail what's wrong with me
okay so what we're going to do is this
will be the external front northern wall
they will keep out the enemies from that
staircase I'll get started on the south
wall
we'll see you guys when it's a finished
wall dude that's like a big caterpillar
it's humongous
it's going to fall over if we put any
more on let's see if we can flip over it
for one trick only listen here you can't
take off your shirt if you come here I
have to say that and even if you get a
special form that says you can do
anything they're going to tell you not
to jump off to see honey because I did
that to me I lost my talking still did
it
Oh Bobo stand right there now look a
little to your left
all your the jack man you join the
shirtless club yeah
yeah
it's too early we're too tired and yeah
SiC BYE MOM she's staying the night here
see you later
she's in the 24 hour challenge for her
channel and also if you guys live in the
Wichita area or anything oh you guys
should check out club ABA if you're 15
years or older it's for Friday and
Saturday nights and they have like
lights and everything pretty cool I used
to go here all the time there were nice
enough to let us come in before hours so
all right now we are at Walmart I don't
think this Walmart hates us yet I think
they do good we got to get Rose a
doghouse and we're gonna get her a
heater as well especially for the new
house and it's just been way too cold
lately and whenever I'm editing and my
mom is working and Tristan is doing
nothing it's just we got so uh we're
gonna get our little doghouse in here
you guys already know my ugly Christmas
sweaters are way better oh I see we have
that dog Oh house we have this dog Oh
house I like this one more no dog houses
yeah there's a lady they said we don't
have dog houses and I said I bet we
should do a 24-hour challenge with Rose
in there oh we're gonna have to build
this Oh doggy tooth oh thank you fine
gentlemen even uh all right boys I'm
hopping on top are you gonna put it on a
cart
so dude have a camera Rose is gonna love
us all right going I need your muscles
yeah how you doing sugar see he's
looking I think she wants some it is oh
my god his back to fit there's no way
perfect not perfect we can retouch Jake
you have a got a buddy i watch out for
my bike helmet if you guys remember
earlier in this video Dillon gave me a
sailor's promise and a pinkie promise
that he would go to a v8 with us and he
didn't Dylan are you coming with us
tomorrow yes is that a sailor's promise
Wow you too gasps still not being on
time for showing up
good job Dylan is an unreliable person
here we go Rose are you ready we got we
got you a summer house we got you a
vacation home all right well we're gonna
set this up later because I've doubted
this video and we have other stuff to do
today because I had to wait till the
morning to film this because they
wouldn't let us in after hours last
night oh yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video don't forget to
leave a like and share the vintage if
you enjoyed so should I be subscribe you
do and I'll see you guys the next one I
was standing behind the camera that's
funny
hey Maya
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
