it's cleaning day with mom I need to do
my hair today things to do today
open one box it's going to come to my
front door supposedly I need to read
through all this extra fan mail and
right now we have to go to the PIO box
because apparently it's overflowing
again they brought up shipping them
straight to my doorstep so that they
don't have to like be tripping over them
there because apparently they're just
getting too much mail which I thank you
guys for that because I have some really
funny p.o box bath challenges I want to
do so yeah keep sending stuff it is
definitely below freezing today look at
it all the grass is frozen and dead okay
okay yeah that's what you get I guess
you're the older child now do you know
how many years I've sat in the back with
Tristan doing that crap that doesn't
count mom I'm starting to think I bought
that truck for one video held up real
quick before we go it is really really
cold
ah perfect
okay I'm ready hi Taylor bye thanks for
my seat back she's a little late mom
like five cavity don't so on the good
job is that what I'm hearing it's like
her front teeth but she's always had
trouble with all the answers arcades
Taco Bell is finally catching up there
all the times I've taken her and all the
times I've sat out because I'm helping
out I bought a water at Best Buy the
other day checks me alright let's go see
what we're dealing with I actually got
an idea for you thank you why she
wouldn't have hit that I would have died
I don't know why they put these in if I
don't have any room I like how they
don't even give me the little keys
anymore to go to the big stuff they just
put it on a bin okay well that was
freezing and a little bit more than four
bins I don't know how we're gonna fit
all this in the bathroom I hope you guys
understand my last p.o box opening was
four days ago
all this four days
great well I will worry about all of
this later I'm gonna go inside for now
thanks holy crap guys I am so stupid my
mic hasn't been plugged in this whole
time it's plugged in now does that sound
better
I wondered why like I just got done
editing my video and I was like this
sounds bad is it the camera what's going
on it wasn't even plugged in all the way
the whole time I'm stupid whatever all
right I have something to tell you guys
real quick I'm gonna have to sit down
for it okay so first off my room is a
complete mess again cleaned it in a
video that did not last very long update
on the house it is looking good I don't
want to say too much I'll get into that
in another video now this part I didn't
want to say at all I'm a liar I lied to
you guys I've lied to myself it's been a
really really tough last day because
this has just been haunting me and I
have to tell you guys now I'm never
really a big fan of the challenges and
stuff they come up I never even
downloaded Pokemon go and I still don't
have the bitmoji thing that everybody
has on snapchats like an emoji of
yourself I guess I mean some of the
challenges are pretty funny but for the
most part I just tend not to do those I
know I know I said it but it happened
why do I have the Slytherin game still
all I know is the Illuminati's confirmed
anyway yeah if you didn't see I got
bitmoji I said I wouldn't cave to trends
and I did I know you guys probably can't
trust me anymore but one of my friends
convinced me and they actually got on my
phone and did it for me but I mean come
on we're like the same person like
seriously I have pretty much the same
outfit on as my little guy I think it's
cool guys you're just gonna have to
forgive me but now that the secret's out
I can finally post bit modi's on my
story my favorite is this one because
that's my favorite color and I mean like
that's just literally me right there so
I was going to try to have a fun crazy
flippin video today but my neck is
really sore from yesterday's video
because I landed on my neck on this
mattress trying to do a backflip off my
stomach hopefully it's better by
tomorrow because my friend Jake's coming
over and we're probably going to do some
flips he still does a ton of flips and
we're probably going to go to a
trampoline park maybe I have no idea
whatever we do it will be fine maybe not
the trampoline versus so feel free to
leave a comment down below of what you
guys think we should do
wanna go on I'll Drive to where we need
some quality brother time bro
slow down there she always goes into my
room get out hey let's show everyone
your new color is so pretty
we're gonna go on a drive I wish we
could take you with us but you never
cooperate so we're gonna have to let you
chill here no God dang it
you've gotta quit it Rose are these
lights from the Christmas tree you're
eating glass release release
think she swallowed it you'll learn
someday maybe you crap out the light
bulbs you just say worst part about my
mom being home I have to park on the
side of the street again dude look I
swear you can see our breath now look so
a little bit of info on this jacket here
I love it but has two problems with it
for one it's a little bit big even
though that's the style I usually like
it also has these it makes my hands so
cold I don't like it like why interest
in any desires or where you want to go
she was
my forgives you don't swim nothing your
mom yes you know okay so in your video
you said two posters we only order the
one oh well so do you want to just leave
it alone or you want to try to get the
second poster right yeah you might just
I mean tweet out oops there's only one
poster or something like that
turns out there is only one poster
available because I'm stupid
play a song that I know
when I look at them I find there's a
single question on their minds it's not
easy now we sing it whole family thinks
I'm gay I guess it's always been that
way my family now is shocked I'm in the
closet and the doors lock the God might
think I'm gay
my grandma gave me a present just last
year and the card said happy birthday
quick just cuz I'm afraid of the snow
when my favorite color is the rainbow
even my life for things I'm gay just
kidding you all probably think I'm gay
okay mini concerts over we're at my
grandpa's full room why gotta take an
Instagram picture um all right what am I
about to do a backflip off of that's a
little bit scary or is it just scary
enough I kind of want to do a backflip
on top of the tractor and land like back
on the tractor it's scary but I think
I'll do it a little cold there good all
right let's do this you better get this
in one try I just stepped on my keys oh
please don't hit my phone hold on watch
out for my phone thank you go get it
all right let's go home I think I got it
thanks you're welcome what's up no drone
flying today I don't have my drone today
I just came out here for a backflip
we're about to leave the a backflip yeah
where's it at there's my twin how you
doing sexy poster holders I think all I
know is that it's cold I'm going inside
mom our cleaning day is going great you
want to help me you want to help me read
letters let's go
all right get started I'm gonna go take
a nap we're Amish do you ever just look
up at the stars let's start with a cool
looking one huh I guess you could call
this a mini peel box opening and I'm
probably gonna have to make you leave if
you're gonna be me
Hey C B's cheez-its they're mine Shh
thank you for the cheese's can you be
quiet
thank you so much for these these are
amazing drawings
thank you Cassidy I would also like to
give a quick thank you to Mason Chloe
Leo Cooper Sam ELISA Nate Moreno Matthew
this kids writing a paper on me in
school Brianna Taylor
okay well that is all the time we have
for male today there's a lot more that I
will have to find time for in the future
but right now this sharpie sucks
we need a new sharpie I'm done with the
first 100 posters we're heading out now
going to my sister's not her game she's
cheering for the people that are playing
in the game I'm going there to support
her that's all that matters mom said you
should I know I just him zero what's up
how much what
go to a basketball game why I don't know
why we have a car behind you bye do you
buddy nice you can get a stamp thank you
what are you gonna save it I don't know
what you're is this let's go get some
nachos okay you want to watch them cheer
better than me mom not your time thank
you
this is locked according yeah it's going
on out do you wanna say hi this is my
old middle school guys are not giving up
yet we're going to explore elevator
ooh I'm gonna go find my old Locker
Booya 30 17 all right won't you could
they change the combination getting out
I remember it I miss Andrews I remember
one day some kid put soap in this one
and like sabotage the water fountain
soaps going and one day a kid tried to
slide down this rail and he fell down
one time a kid was smoking a cigarette
in that bathroom and then like everyone
freaked out about it it was pretty funny
is anybody in your grade smoke
cigarettes yet I guess that's it I think
it's time to leave all right guys it's
getting dark I'm heading back home right
now because I have a lot of posters a
sign that is basically for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
leave a like and share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe to new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
you came looking like that you just made
bitch
