what is going on guys today I'm headed
right now to go get my hair cut just
film the Barbie bike video helmet was on
my hair don't know if it messed it up I
don't want her to mess up my haircut
because of it yeah I was just getting a
little bit long I haven't been able to
put it up lately just because it's been
so long it'll look stupid and I don't
think I'm gonna dye my hair again I
think I'm just gonna leave it back to
natural even though it'll probably have
some blonde in it still after it gets
cut but yeah I'm late as usual and it's
so hard to drive because my hands are so
cold after that bike race because it's
starting to get below freezing I do not
like it one bit but that means snow can
happen
okay my hair is gone which kind of weed
right now but I mean it'll be better
later but what do we have today we have
a new camera coming in and I think I
have a phone case coming in I ordered
one more thing but I don't think that's
coming in today
another Gorillapod because mine right
now is very taped it doesn't work it
falls over all the time and it bins
basically trash okay I have recently
heard a knock at the door I've got a new
hoody on because the last one was all
itchy from my haircut every time I think
this is it no idea what those three are
poster inside oh ok these are all the
posters I forgot I have to sign all
those there's a lot of posters in there
this does feel like what I ordered I
don't have a knife down here anymore
they're all by the bathtub upstairs oh
they put my phone case in here too I was
like where's that cool and this is the
package that I'm most excited about oh
this is the Canon a DV camera I'm
filming this on the Canon 70d I ordered
this because the camera I'm filming on
cannot film 60 frames per second at
1080p quality but this one can so that's
why I got it I'm also very excited about
the battery because it's the same
battery the camera I'm filming on and I
used to have two batteries one of them
quit working so now I have two batteries
again camera strap will never use seems
just a little bit bigger than the 70d
let's see if you guys can see a change
right now the quality is good and the
slow-motion is pretty good I just put
this case on guys
why oh okay real quick we're gonna open
these these are the posters oh my god
this has more duct tape on it than most
of them in the peel box openings these
are not doing anything there we go okay
this one's a little bit at the top so I
guess I'll be giving this one to like my
grandma sorry grandma but I think they
turned out great this is just one of the
pictures because we actually ended up
doing two pictures they were both really
closed on the pole I held on twitter so
we ended up running both guys this is
amazing this is gonna be like me with
Kate put on your guys's walls if you're
gonna put it on your wall I don't know
what you're gonna do with it but hey I
think these are awesome unlike every one
of my adept and posters these aren't all
rolled up and then they eventually fall
off like this one I had to take it down
I have also just gotten confirmation
that you guys will be able to order
these today both posters are going to be
on the T Berger website and I will be
signing them all so go check them out
I'm super excited yo we're just watching
American Dad right I get a text message
from one of my friends come on those
dirty liars they said it was snowing
they said it was snowing back to
American Dad goodbye where are you going
talk about without you why well you see
it's just like a brother/sister cafe
okay I guess you can come okay now we're
gonna go eat at Taco Bell we all hate
that restaurant so uh oh I love it when
it's pitch black at five o'clock I hate
it when people lie to me and say it's
snowing and it's not it doesn't help in
the blink it's freezing if you guys
don't drive yet whenever you get your
car put a blanket in it you'll thank
yourself later where's the charger ah I
see except for when the bun gets cold
hurry it's cold oh my gosh she realized
realize I haven't played my song in this
video yet so I'm feeling it
you vlog Taylor if you guys are
wondering where our mom is she is still
out of state she went back for that one
thing she went away for a week for but
she's coming back early today
she wasn't supposed to be back for a few
days when she's coming back early
because apparently she's done with
everything she needs to do anyways when
you have your retainer you talk like
Herbert from Family Guy come on down
this is hurting my arm how do you do
this all the WC yeah I get it I get
opened some snap
I'm gonna light their Christmas tree on
fire you wanna try a Tristan what
blogging yeah betterment I'm gonna keep
my old camera in case I want to do like
two different angles during a video yeah
I'll probably never do that but in case
this one ever breaks I'll have it as a
backup can i buy your t7x cool
do you not watch my videos I literally
said in the videos giving you for
Christmas really are you I do not watch
it which video today is this rude no it
was like yesterday like yesterday I
thought I can't say mister I had one
girl say she watches my videos in the
shower but she sets her phone on the
ledge and just listens to it I was like
whitewash who asked me he'll do it again
good how are you good thanks for asking
I take your order whenever you're ready
and a regular baja blast fries and I'm
sorry I'm talking like an idiot to my
retainers what do you want Justin oh I
don't know Oh what are those things
called it thing about the potatoes and
give me one second what do those things
call they're like there's um this
what you call I don't know what what I
guess the loaded potato burrito things
can I have the loaded potato burrito
things I've got a loaded potato griller
yes that'll do two of those anything
else for you
that'll be a 46 second window thank you
thank you they probably don't like us
anymore we're trusting ORS like he has a
mental illness thank you
watch her say here's your potato things
as much as I love Taco Bell they really
really need to fix their road now let's
go home it really shows that my mom has
been gone because this place is so messy
Road you have none of the magazine I'm
trying to do some flips hi nope go that
far I was quite eating my ramen noodle
track all roses have a flip battle front
flip yeah
what
all right person you want to on the
backfoot
yeah get up here all right repeat after
me seems simple enough yeah I go I'm
gonna break on back look Rose you can do
better than that
why is rose better than you this is the
only thing to do whenever it's winter
here because it's just so cold out but
it's still fun ready rose ready I think
I might be able to do it I will get a
base drop I have so many old songs from
what I used to do flipped all the time I
got on the trampoline just go through
the whole playlist can I do it yeah you
heard it for him one more try neck is
gonna be sort of one of them yes hey
like it
Wow all right I'm done all right God now
that the mattress let me get these out
all right guys well that has been the
mattress flipping session of the year
because I don't do them very much I
actually did a good trick so leave a
like for that and don't forget to check
out T burger calm I think everything's
available now so go check it out I'm
gonna go make sure Rose is inviting any
of my stuff downstairs which he probably
is thank you guys so much for watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share as you enjoyed subscribe to
now and I'm out peace na my fault you
didn't even cover though it ain't my
book you had to get the voice crack you
name oh ho I can't him there's so much
pressure in my ball
you came in looking like that
you just maybe
