what are you go my guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day guess what hi Logan
oh my god that's pretty cool where'd you
get it not buckle but we're about to go
to the mall right now guys today is
finally the freaking day my clothing
line the one that I'm a part of is now
in stores for all of you guys we're
gonna have my RA right now and we're
gonna go to the mall because I know some
of this stuff is already in it's
starting out in 100 stores we gotta meet
my mom there in 10 minutes no no don't
shut I meant open all I know is that
we've already sold out of about 1/4 of
the inventory and I haven't even made a
video about it yet sound like I got
charged but we got to leave now but we
got to go quick because I gotta meet my
mom there I promised her I wouldn't be
late we're going through the grass
it is time for some Guns and Roses this
is a very special occasion
by the way if you're not the Tang Clan
subscribe and guys go get yourself some
dudes clothing another link will be in
the description to the store locator you
guys can see if it is out of store near
you if it is it will be in a store
called buckle or the buckle probably at
your local mall and let's freaky go come
on we don't have time for red lights
let's go go go the mall and all the
stores should be relatively empty
because kids are at school and no one
knows the exact release day of dip so
should we just ask forget again a
freaking inside look first view a nice
throw everybody I'd race them but I
don't want to make them feel that 370z
not bad we're gonna go through the
tunnel with this other loud car
he's killing it that's dope okay see you
at the mall stay safe we'll be right
back
yo yo yo yo yo I'm with my friend I'm
more than excited what are you gonna buy
all of it banana here I figured you'd
want to show these because this is how
great your product selling like that
it's going right now mom two words and I
actually don't have this one it's the
only one I don't have me hold it in case
you want it look at that guys I'm not
gonna buy any today because I'm gonna
leave it for you guys I'll just I'll
just have some sent to me so you guys
all have a chance okay no I tell them
now
okay guys here is a clip and there we go
and there we go
there's a signature and we're signing
all of these dibs shirts right now
there's the done pile and we're gonna
hide them throughout the world i
autographed each and every style and
each and every size my autograph is like
right inside here with some sharpie and
then spread out like across all 100
stores so if you go find them it's like
a golden ticket this is some Charlie and
the Chocolate Factory Logan you don't
need to buy any either because I'm gonna
hook you up
sounds good man I love you
by the way guys shout out to Carson and
his mother because they went to my first
meet and greet' ever it was at my mom's
old coffee shop it was almost a year ago
and that's basically how this whole
thing started how we got hooked up with
buckle how everything just happened and
now we got dibs on deck shouting see you
Carson climb up oh and you're gonna sign
your shirt for you of course awesome
deal for the body
all right thank you guys I just love how
it is so different from any other
clothing brand like you walk in that
store and it just stands out that's what
the brands all about just standing out
living your life to the frickin fullest
and just being as cute as Logan like
we're gonna go grab some lunch because
I'm starving like Marvin and then we'll
find out what else we're doing guys
Debbie is back and we are cleaning up
look at all the trash those are all
beanbag beads we got subway on day by
the way that's not vape juice that's my
vitamins I don't Veit okay I just don't
you might no way guys we're chilling
we're watching hot one it's basically
the show where they take youtubers and
celebrities and they go on and they eat
like hot wings I guess so yeah post
Malone is the same ring as me let's
freaking go I love that guy I've seen
him on the h3h3 podcast he's honestly
the coasts guy I also met him at day and
night which is a music festival I think
I might be going to another music
festival this weekend it's called
rolling loud it's in California and I
have to decide really soon so leave a
comment should I go I would definitely
vlog there I don't know how many memes
I'd be able to throw in because without
internet it kind of sucks hey it would
be with jack and Bailey and Dylan ha I
kind of want to go and I also kind of
want to make videos at home cuz it's
like December and kind of around
Christmas and family I don't know of a
post Malone if you're ever watching any
of my vlogs I love you but it is time to
go outside and get outside of the house
look at it it looks as dad out here it's
getting cold again it was supposed to
snow today I don't think it's cold
enough for snow but it is freaking cold
I got the dibs jacket on but you can't
forget about t bunker comm so we got
Logan repetition will top up here let's
see what we can do you can learn your
back flip today Logan
maybe yeah let's practice a 360 dive
roll
I don't think they count
whoa check this out ready you ever just
going the trampoline in the van
the hole in the glass is getting bigger
my toe got tucking at once into this rip
bigger
yeah yes yes yeah there you go
so there's this comment that I see all
the time and it's saying that we should
put the Goliath trampoline under that
volleyball net that none of us have ever
used one time and just do flips over it
play volleyball I don't have a
volleyball but it's Logan and I can will
definitely do it let's try it out
you can do backflips over it
okay we go inside now oh look you know
they're both past the freak out Luna's
the ball right now
Quentin should be here soon so we're
gonna play some zombies and then we're
gonna wait for him and if we get to a
high round I'll show you guys
yeah I'm ass not as good as I used to be
no I told the vlog Quinn was coming over
right yeah yeah wait nobody came over in
left so Quinn came over here and then my
chest started hurting I had like a
two-hour long chest ache I literally sat
in bed the whole time right there and by
this time to stop hurting which was like
five minutes ago it's already dark
Quentin's gone that was my plan of
action for the rest of this vlog was all
of that dark crap there we go so now
what house ask Tristan why he doesn't
walk
Tristan why don't you vlog you could be
a vlogger bro you could but the beauty
guru stuff in your vlog that would be
the smart course of action interesting
yes I make my day interesting that's all
you gotta do probably sin to go to five
hours a day to go yeah probably like
five hours a day together you have all
the rest of day make some vlogs I see so
many comments that say Tristan should
vlog and sometimes I say Taylor should
blog but they know that's probably not
gonna happen I agree I think he'd be a
great vlogger you have that freaking
personality fam do I I don't know
whatever you want but just just know the
tan clan supports your decisions hey
what's up you guys
Tristan welcome back to my channel today
we're gonna go to star bees and do much
engagement
who closed its store bees oh yeah guys
we were gonna go ahead and in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it and
I hope you guys are dizzy and think you
guys I'm just watching and don't leave
like your friends be enjoyed subscribe
if you knew and I'll see you guys the
next one
but you came in looking like that you
just maybe
