recording me duh it's freaking for ya
what is going on guys I'm already have
my seatbelt on on the wire reach for it
I just woke up but I have to take her to
school right now but I don't really mind
because that means I get out of bed
before 9 o'clock maybe I'll have a
productive day have a great day at
school I will
okay so today I wanted to talk a little
bit about YouTube because about every
single youtuber has talked about how
their views have gone down the revenues
gone down basically YouTube has been
messed up for a little bit more than a
week and I had a lot of people asking
how I've been affected by it on the 30th
of November you can see just all my
stuff falls off it pretty much fell
straight off and all my stuff wasn't
being calculated for a while and then it
did the same thing on December 1st but I
wasn't I'm still not really worried
about it because it happened to my
brother happened to Quinn happen to a
lot more people now I'd be more
concerned about it if it was only
happening to me because I remember
whenever I got hacked none of my videos
were monetized for like 30 days now that
was a problem to me but knowing it's
happening to everyone means it's
probably going to get fixed views with
my channel have gone down about 30
percent maybe which I was really
confused about at first because I'd been
posting the same type of video same type
of content and I was gaining about the
same amount of subscribers but for some
reason my views were down and after
researching it and stuff I figured out
it's just the suggested videos and stuff
my videos aren't being shown to as many
people I've had some people twitted me
saying I got an subscribe to you and I
didn't do it which is really annoying
because the biggest thing is the
youtuber is being able to post to your
audience and have them being able to see
your videos that's kind of like the
whole point so I don't even know how it
all got messed up or how long it's going
to take for it to get back on track or
if it's even a priority to YouTube
because with my experience with working
with YouTube in the past there's a lot
of different people that work with
YouTube and the people that I worked
with they seemed that they were never on
the same page and everything took
forever to get done but since my views
went down I basically saw it as
inspiration to post more I can guarantee
you almost every youtuber goes on
socialblade or goes on their channel and
checks how good their most recent videos
did how many subscribers are gaining
because that's like our whole life
YouTube is our whole life alright we do
nothing else and since it means so much
to us we have to check all that stuff
myself and probably a lot of other
youtubers get frustrated whenever our
subscribers and views are down because
because then we put it on us and think
we're not doing something right which
could be the case but but then once I
saw that other people were affected by
it I was like whatever and also the
views being down motivated me to make
more videos and make better videos so
that's what I'm trying to do right now I
think this is going to be my seventh day
in a row so yeah basically I'm just
gonna let you two figure it out I'm not
sure if there's anything that we can do
besides focusing on making our videos
better so that is the goal right now
okay guys so it's a few hours later and
my editing program literally just quit
this morning completely quit on me I had
to redownload it it was a huge mess and
I've wasted half my day now
maybe I'll have a productive day and
Quinton's here you know the best part
about right here as I can watch beauty
but looking up at the stars all to own
and you have a toothbrush I have a
toothbrush top for you though there's
something I haven't really given and I
know my next video
what my next video is gonna be sleeping
for 10 minutes guys on a serious note
though the Krusty Krab is unfair and mr.
Krabs and then we need to go back to
school I realized in my last two videos
I've complained about stuff in my room
first I complain about that poster then
that bottle up there being clear what
next one um um my cartridge Bart he
always is cool yeah on the burn mark I
also do my editing on the burn mark
SF asleep on the burn marks and it's
just part of who he is as you got it hey
what it actually ain't my fault so as
you guys know I put a lot of stupid
stuff in my videos but what you guys
don't know is that there's even more
uncensored stupid stuff that I don't put
in my videos and today I'm gonna go buy
a hard drive because I want to savor
that stuff and then maybe someday I will
put it in a video that'll probably be a
long time in the future but that just
gives you guys a reason to stick around
and keep watching the videos so you want
to come with me I have his camera again
we're hiding it no God dang it
Wow good hiding spot this time
here's your gratis in there I'm pretty
sure this has been in like my last four
videos so you
we never listen to this again Bobby we
are at our second home love the license
plate let's do this again with IHOP
lawyer oh crap we have two second homes
this sort of third I guess yeah we do
good IHOP Morton here I kind of want to
stop by gamestop afterwards I mean hi I
want a game I don't fly very much video
games and we're gonna race what do you
think is gonna win
I definitely which one did you did on
this side you hold up
let's check out the cool mouse's that's
wicked and pointless portable hard drive
there we go though this one uncle that
one terabyte that'll do so are you my
dad at family Christmas three years ago
now guys I'm gonna reinvest in new
camera for my channel hey did you
remember whenever you're in the bath and
you're like I love these binoculars and
there was a freaking virtual reality
what are these someone sent me have
virtual reality something now these are
binoculars hey there's your actual
binoculars what thing it's so tiny I'm
gonna get myself a water cuz I'm healthy
now I'm thinking of a proton shake yeah
I'm gonna get some extra proton
as much as I'd like to change in my way
to sit game stops over here but it it
smells like a hot saw I haven't played
video games and so only dude I've been
looking for this alright yeah turns out
we're not getting anything they're
mainly excitement in my xbox on in 69
days there's like hey funny though what
they didn't you put the game in our bag
alright let's go get some bikes you guys
ever get in those mentally unstable
moods where literally everything is
funny
and you just can't stop being stupid you
guys are upside down alright
turns out go to Walmart meant go to bed
it's the next morning now we're about to
get a Walmart and get the bikes but uh I
guess let's go alright we've made it
we're here we're here just saw the
manager he sees me with my camera I
better run cuz Walmart hates me and I
hate them oh no hope which one do you
want that's why they hate it that sounds
pretty sick I'm a speedy Baker come with
me tears
I don't know 25 dollars worth a little
Barbie doll there all the way up there
bro oh that's because they're magical do
if they have someone come and get them
you're not gonna be able to get that
alright we found some that are pretty
low to the ground fine I'll get the
frozen one you get that one's tasting
that and down hurry we're running out
time I got I'm ready for bed it'll be
easy on the training wheels bro
let's ride these bad boys on front I
think your helmet matches my advice more
dang it let's do this I think Rose is
too big
hi these four little sisters yep oh well
you guys have fun the view say hey well
thank you you have a good day have a
Merry Christmas me you too our first
good Walmart experience I wouldn't mess
with you dude yeah I hope these fit my
car else we were driving them home what
was that you guys want to join in on the
fun we're here I didn't really think
about it are they actually gonna fit oh
no that won't fit do you think both will
fit though let's just put in here it's
stuck
all right well sadly guys we can't go to
a drag-racing strip we're gonna have to
use this road it's a dead end though so
I mean it's safe hopefully the cops
don't show up last time I got pulled
over for it
hmm where's it gonna go give me that
helmet bro be careful this is too small
let's stick a GoPro on here I just felt
the seat free don't break it yet no oh
oh it hurts here we'll start from
Tristan's car and we'll go to that crack
by your car all right guys cast your
votes now but you could dislike you
think I went leave a comment think he'll
win no matter what don't like the video
you can you guys be nice and blow on my
hand it's it's a little chilly okay yeah
here I can't stop you say girl are you
sure yeah and yo
I win
hold on like sucks well guys I guess
that's basically it for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it
my hands are really cold thank you guys
so much watching this video don't forget
to leave like in trend to be enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next one peace out
but the real outro is hey my phone I
bike when I can come play later you came
looking like that you just maybe
