why why I literally just refilled the
Juggernog with red food coloring a few
weeks ago and it's already white again
I'm starting to give up on it guys I
also woke up with this today he's quite
big my little friend he's joining us for
this video you can see Rose had some fun
on the mattresses last night then I had
to give her a bath all there she is
you've been eating any skittles I'm
trusting you we left most the skittles
on the trampoline and they're starting
to lose their colour that was a very
very painful video all now you want to
join didn't eat me skittles did you of
course not for some reason the ones on
the ground still have their color more
than the ones up here I don't understand
okay so I haven't done a Q&A in a really
long time probably a couple months so I
apologize to any of you that one of
those but today I asked you guys to ask
me questions on Twitter so I'll be
answering those today where is a place
that you could go and would never come
back to be honest I like being home more
than anything I don't know if there's a
single place on the earth that I would
go to and stay there forever
whether it be trips for business or
family vacations and stuff I don't
usually like being gone more than two
weeks once it gets to that point I just
like want to be home will you ever tell
the burnt carpet story I'll have to ask
Quentin about that I'm not sure whenever
he wants to tell it but uh it'll be
sometime soon probably probably not that
soon actually will you attempt the
mannequin challenge with anyone at your
house right now I'm never really a big
fan of the challenges and stuff they
come up if you guys watched my videos
all the time you know I don't really do
those I never even downloaded Pokemon go
and I still have the bitmoji thing that
everybody has on snapchats like an emoji
of yourself I guess I mean some of the
challenges are pretty funny but for the
most part I just tend not to do those
how much food do you think you have
wasted in your fan mail opening videos
probably too much
I would definitely donate the food after
if we could but it is just gross by then
if I buy a pizza and leave it at your
doorstep what toppings do you want ah
please don't order any more pizzas in my
house we don't need them I talked to a
guy that works at Pizza and they now
have my address blacklisted so they
won't deliver pizza here anymore anyway
I wonder if we move out if like the
people that move in will be able to
order pizza
my friend Quentin do you support coiler
he's talking about him dating my sister
I mean as long as you guys are both
happy baby I'm happy who was your first
kiss how do you know I've had my first
kiss
that's the real question if you were to
have any other job besides YouTube but
what would it be and why I would either
be a stunt double or a talent manager
probably stunt double would be really
fun and you get to me actors and be
involved in filming which I love videos
and the reason I say talent manager is
because some of my friends they have
managers that like travel around with
them and get to experience everything
with them so yeah how do you make so
many successful YouTube videos well the
sad truth about YouTube today is all it
takes is a good thumbnail entitled I can
guarantee you a little bit of views at
least just for going to a trampoline
park
if you title a video super trampoline
flips or something with a thumbnail just
being the trampoline but I see a video
as successful if I enjoy editing and
posting it on my youtube channel I have
a playlist of personal favorite YouTube
videos or either ones that I enjoy
making or ones that I laugh at while
watching them when are you gonna get the
halo lights on your car I have no idea
because we asked two people and some guy
said it was too hard for him to do it or
something one guy never called me back
so off to get that figure now I'm not
sure it probably could be another couple
weeks it just hadn't been a priority but
I will get it done eventually do you
think that you will go on tour one day
by the way I love you I love you too and
yes I think I will go on tour one day I
don't know if I would go alone I don't
know if I'd go with other youtubers I
have a lot of friends that go with their
friends and they do like a big social
media thing I think I could do something
like that in 2017 I don't know ask me in
a few months if you had a relationship
with someone would you tell us or keep
it a secret for a while that's a tough
one I guess it would depend on how
serious a guy I would probably wait a
while just to see if it was like a
serious relationship I guess but if it
was a big thing in my life I would
definitely share it with you guys but I
would do that ahead of time I feel would
be right how deep is the deep end of
your pool eight and a half feet I think
when are you coming to Canada I actually
plan to go to Canada I want to visit one
of my friends I'm getting my passport
soon and I'll probably go to Canada and
while I'm there I will probably say like
hey I'm at this mall or I'm here so that
you guys can come say hi if you'd like
are you right or left-handed I am
right-handed did you ever imagine you
would be where you are and do you think
your hard work is paying off I always
believed that if I worked hard enough
and I kept trying no matter what
eventually I would get to where I want
to be I do not think it would ever
happen this fast and yes I do think the
hard work is paying off but I do try to
work harder every day because even
though I never thought I would be where
I am today at this agent at this time I
constantly compare myself to like the
best of the best and I'm like oh my gosh
why am I not where they are but then
again that's what makes me work harder
and you really can't do whatever you
want as long as you
the work hi well that does it for
today's questions I hope I answered some
of your guys's questions you had and yet
okay well now that I got that done I
need to clean my room I've been busy
lately and it's just never it has just
never been on my agenda I used to have
all of my camera stuff in here very
neatly organized it has all been spread
out pushed out now there are so many
clothes behind my couch and then there's
a bunch of camera stuff all over my desk
and it's all just very ugly I have a
bunch of fan art that I never put on my
closet I would do that right now but I
don't know when we're gonna be moving in
in the new house or whatever and I
haven't made my bed in months so by
doing it for video footage hopefully I
will get it done and actually do it I
want to make my room in this new house
like the ultimate room like I want to I
want it to be something I'm like happy
to be in I love my room I now don't get
me wrong I love it more whenever it's
not messy but there's still a ton of
stuff I want to do to my room and I'm
gonna try to make that happen in the new
house now I guess it's time to get
started it turns out it's been two hours
and I haven't cleaned my room Quinn's
here you have a predicament
you need to put on your thinking cap and
figure it out I don't have a thinking
cap bro so put on your pinky helmet okay
I'm ready it's a bowl that's a helmet
nation and against reference if you guys
have ever seen that video probably
haven't good choice now let's clean my
room I hear echoes every time I talk I
took a shower in that bowl he's not
lying here I need to decide if my vlogs
are gonna be serious or stupid cuz
there's a lot of both they're seriously
stupid bye I found it you brothers
football game it's basketball genius in
thing alright let's get to work
right Kate let's do it boys oh hello
hello your ring yeah I just bought a new
camera now Lord right now it's not it's
not the one that you're thinking it is
the it's the Canon a TD so it's like a
step up from your big camera yeah so
what about the two little
everything you have aresome uses the
little one will probably give it in for
Christmas don't tell him he'll watch
this video and my little ones for
on-the-go but I need a new big one you
know why why because my current big one
shoots 720 and 60 frames per second and
if I go up to 1080 then it only shoots
30 frames per second which is not
slow-motion I need a really good camera
that can shoot nad at 60 so I get
slow-motion and perfect quality alright
we've got the desk everything semi clean
over here there's really no way to hide
those wires
oh well Lamborghini for encouragement
got all the shoes and pears that'll last
a few days because I'll end up wearing
them all and then not put them back over
here I've got sort of a camera station
those we'll be taking turns on the
charging ports all of this crafts the
same screw you you ruin everything this
is now clean looks way better a somewhat
made bed that I will sleep in the night
so I don't know what the point of that
was my hats look good got all this
organized all the Lambos somewhat
color-coordinated and I got a new power
strip and then all this stuff's pretty
much the same just a big mess but this
Lamborghini over here right next to this
light some other random stuff to occupy
this little table in my closet is
totally clean don't worry about it and
yeah I guess that's it and I bet you
guys are wondering where does your
clothes go I still have to find a spot
for those but so guys I just ran to the
PIO box and guess what I come home to
this a pizza at my doorstep it's
pepperoni I mean I do like pepperoni but
I was literally just talking about this
why someone must have bought this pizza
and then literally left it on my
doorstep merry Christmas to me I guess
guess what are you oh my god I didn't
even hear the doorbell ring I mean do
you want any pepperoni I'm good I'm not
gonna eat it I wish we could give this
to the like the homeless but there's not
that many homeless people in the US i
know normal people wouldn't take it they
think I like poisoned it or something I
guess I lost cable if she wants any
whenever she gets home for now I can
stay there guys I was thinking about
wearing my Christmas sweater every day
of December as like a challenge and I
would except I'm supposed to be doing
this collab this month and I don't want
it to seem like I'm like self promoting
and if I did the challenge I'm not gonna
take it off any of the days I guess I
could wear a jacket over that day but
I'm not a hundred percent sure it's
gonna happen so I'm not gonna like say
who it's with if it happens it will be
insane it'll be amazing but for now it's
a secret I don't know if I should do the
challenge or not I mean I've already
missed like two days you can't tell them
my arms shaking all I know is that I'm
gonna wear at my Christmas vlog back to
your home on my stereo well guys it is
the next day and I kind of fell asleep
and didn't do my outro
I wasn't feeling good last night so I
went to bed at like 9 o'clock and I had
the worst sleep probably ever I was in
deep thought throughout the whole night
felt like I stayed up all night freakin
looks like I did - do you get bags under
your eyes Quinn I get 4 G's on my test
education not important no no don't tell
your parents I said that they will not
let you watch me and yeah thank you guys
so much for watching this video don't
forget to leave a like and share the
friends if you enjoyed it subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one time do the outro no no I'm I'm
watch Aussie PewDiePie I'm watching
pubes what we're gonna do is ten fists
in a my phone
you came and looking like that you just
maybe
