hi guys on a serious note my posters
fallen off the wall I don't know what to
do maybe it's meant to be maybe I should
put up my other Kate Upton posters I
don't know I feel like I have enough so
we still have a bathtub full of Skittles
and I was like throw them away or make a
video out of it so I'm gonna make a
video out of it we're gonna go get all
the skills out of the bathtub put them
in bins and then dump them on the
trampoline and then we're gonna jump in
them for trampoline vs. skittles and
yeah oh you told him that you were gay
no not yet fill her up there we go hi I
was take it outside still Nichol
some reason oh they got colder what's up
why is there a balloon in here but I'll
be able to lift it eventually alright
let's go get some bowls you'll be able
to look those you know yeah let's get
Bulldog again I'm gonna enjoy my spa 1
million likes guys and we will fill my
pool with skittles
they're stuck to the bottom of my
bathtub and they're in the Jets too
let's take it outside they're gonna be
heavier the mattresses got moved to last
night matches versus skittles next where
are we gonna put the Tramp at though
should we put it right here in the
middle hold on my feet a frickin cool
all right let's bring out the skittles
get all over the door we got it wait a
second
ready up mattress you suck
Oh Frick
let's hit my Christmas tree ah all right
let's do this
watch out Rose you spill it or water
thank so many just kidding it's getting
cold guys I have a sweater on and
everything all right three two let's
bounce I'm out of the tub are you ready
for a snack
huh just kidding you cannot eat these
okay let's do this we got a whole nother
tub after this - all right one two three
Oh God
alright let's keep the rest of them on
it's still so heavy oh it's so sticky
alright let's go get the rest hey looks
like Megan open space for the puppets it
yeah all perfect let's get them all
alright we're about done all that stuck
to the bathtub I'm over gonna be able to
get it off few more back here so many
are stuck
they became liquidy inside of the Jets
so nasty I love hot weeds have a knife
ready for the next peel box opening in
here no no no we're not eating skittles
we need to put her inside rose come here
cargo bin is about to crack should I lay
them and you pour it on me girl y'all
dump you out just this way okay do a few
more
oh I hate doing it working stuff on my
second piece let's go ice skating
Oh hurt aah it's like hitting it once in
Little Rock's
but there sweetie Timmy sounds like a
like water
listen ready oh my god it's like making
this little bubble energy so that's so
dope
I'm gonna do a backflip in it all right
here we go thumbnail time get it over
here
my toes and my fingers just hit him so
hard a stinging so bad you want to try
that uh let me tell you know why why is
skittles the most painful one you know
what ten fifteen hour break to be
continued God dang that hurt so bad
I've got my Easy's on to protect my toes
my fingers still feel like someone's
slam them in a door I landed on my head
slash space and my fingers are it turns
out 200 pounds of skittles takes your
balance well look at the bottom edge
easy then I'm sticking maybe they're
magic Easy's ah watch this movie
backwards ok this yeah fall on your back
in the Middle East
ha ha oh they're in my shoes I'm scared
to double with these on I'll probably
die I don't want to do it not worth it
not worth it
let's get a new angle how much money
says I barely popping that do it I give
you five dollars today yeah ha ha
skittles yeah they're not magic that's
stuck to my shoe
ok ready you got your $5 oh oh so bad
no way I would do that he gave me a
frickin three-layer coat maybe sour one
trampoline skittled foampit extravaganza
should we go get a coat a budget let's
get it let's see like hey careful okay
my name is Dylan and welcome to jackass
he gets the slap effect away but then it
still hurts still like landing on a
bunch of rocks like crack the egg oh
that's not fact I'm up all right my kid
Oh Yoshi you'll never crack me Wow the
slides did nothing I got here from this
fur coat run now you can't crack the egg
when it's on bounces um you didn't quit
ruining my dream at first I was like
this is pretty similar to trampoline
versus sprinkles yeah then I forgot
these way a little bit more than
sprinkles wait now we can take cover
qinger do know how to feel
they were giving you my skittles brings
a level of the put them on top of you
yeah don't move your legs
trust me oh I told you not to member we
use friends now we both got hurt when
you started out jumping your legs yeah I
said trust me cuz I was gonna move him I
can't trust you anymore okay so I do I
keep my feet wider I don't trust you
anymore screw you when I do a guest job
dude
watch this you got the supply I got the
demand Oh sour one skittle fight
everyone's asking if I'm going to take
this trampoline with me to the new house
we've done a lot of stuff to this
trampoline so it's pretty gross we're
probably gonna leave it and put it back
in the hole so there's not a big hole in
our back yard and off to give it a wash
but I mean it's been through a lot I
kind of want to keep it I'm not sure
I'll buy new trampolines for the new
house and there's one I have in mind
that is insane what's what's both eat of
skill mega Cheers mmm not only are they
hard like rocks they taste like rocks
yeah yeah that's a skittle that's been
in the back for two days hey rose oh my
finger oh god it's getting a little
chilly I hope no one's sabotage my hood
what the heck
ready I'm done all to hit my toe ah come
here runs come here don't eat him I know
it's tempting I know it's tempting come
here come here
ah her tails flicking the skittles oh
she's like tail smell so good we're
going to eat first
yeah it's gonna be a rainbow yeah that's
nice okay guys well I guess that's it
for this video that was a way worse idea
than I thought we would like for that
backflip fail we would like for Taylor
ruining the shot and yeah I'm gonna go
take a shower because I'm sticky do I
have any rainbow on my back but yeah
thank you guys so much watching this
video don't forget to leave a like and
share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to you and I'll see you guys
the next one peace out
