what is your nan guys we are in the
bathroom where we filmed yesterday's
video haven't picked up all the trash or
any of the trash actually it's all still
here I was gonna do trampoline vs
skittles because we still have all the
skills just sitting in the bathtub that
way Rose would have a snack and I'm just
kidding but it's all rainy and stuff
outside today so guess we're not doing
that all right Rose I'm heading out I'll
see you later
you look great with that Christmas tree
lighting you being a good girl just cuz
I'm filming you in that right you were
just biting me ten minutes ago see you
later
yeah it's a very gloomy day here in
Kansas my truck's tire is like
completely flat we're gonna have to like
go get a new tire get it fixed so we're
taking this one I was gonna take it
anyway I guess I'm gonna go join Quinton
at the YMCA I have nothing else to do
it's just a boring rainy day if you guys
have me on snapchat where you follow me
on Twitter last night I was in the
hospital because my side pain right here
it's been happening for like a year it's
just like a really stinging hard pain
and it basically makes me to where I
have to bend over I can barely walk and
it happens for like a few hours at a
time used to happen once a month so I
just dealt with it it was fine
kind of like a man period then it was
like once a week and now it's pretty
much every single day and it just
freakin sucks because it happens at
nighttime so pretty much my day as I
wake up out of the video I filmed the
day before the only new video like right
now and then eventually it just starts
hurting in nighttime then eventually I
just go to sleep and sleep the pain away
wake up and I'm fine for the most part
that's usually how it works anyway the
doctor at the hospital said it might
have something to do with blood flow
like maybe maybe something's getting
pinched off and that's what's causing it
we're probably going to be going to a
new doctor a few hours away to try to
get better answers soon probably this
week but for now I have to deal with it
and it sucks that has to be doing this
right now because I said I wanted to
make a video every single day December
and I'm still going to try to do that
but some of them might not be very fun I
might just be sitting in my desk but I
said I'd do it so I'm gonna try to do it
see I thought I'll let you guys know
that I didn't get like an accident or
anything I mean for the most part I'm
fine and it means a lot there's so many
of you guys cared so thank you for that
but since there's nothing I can do about
it you might as well have a good day
have fun and try not to worry about it
so that's what we're gonna do I'm at the
gym now but on the way here my sister
sent me a text and she said guess who
just hit 100k so we're gonna go look
that dirty liar
just kidding back Congrats Taylor you
you earned it kind of but yeah now it's
time to go get stared at by everybody in
this gym what to do it yeah I used
Quinton's little code to get in because
I don't own one it was a good awkward
ten minutes waiting on you here
he's about to show you guys how a real
real man works out because I don't you
guys remember I made a video of me
working on a long time ago I thought
that was pretty good
well he does that I'm gonna go do
something fun I used to jump on these in
like sixth grade they have these little
they're like half exercise balls ready
let it die
if you
remember number-one rule at the gym guys
always put your weights back it's
already getting kind of dark but I
really want to drift in my Challenger
since like the streets are whack it just
got done raining
I've never drifted in my Challenger
besides behind a restaurant it was on a
gravel road here's a clip of that it'd
be fun to do it while it's wet but it's
gonna get dark in like an hour
what other workout could I do rah look
at this they got a trampoline here this
gyms awesome dude Quentin look what I
found
we got to find something to do with this
and that and that this thing's not
bouncing you know what I came here I
might as well get my exercise done
we've made a tramp wall it's kind of 30
you got to leave that in there for your
female viewers
I'm gonna leave you to your work out and
I'm gonna leave myself from this place
yep I'm heading out now because there's
only so much I can film in that gym and
it's really awkward I think we might be
onto this Christmas light show later
it's like this big park you can drive
through and there's tons of Christmas
lights and stuff we did it last year and
I want to do it again this year also our
website T Braungart com has gotten a ton
of pageviews you guys seem to love the
Christmas sweaters and that's awesome
because I love them too when I took us a
while to get it done and I love the way
that they turned out and even though we
only have a few things out from
merchandise right now we will get more
out in the future and whenever you guys
are sweaters come in send a tweet to me
with you with the sweater on under the
hashtag tanner sweater and I'll try to
respond to you guys like every tweet
your stuff so if you guys don't follow
me on Twitter go follow me and whatever
you guys the sweaters come in like I
said tweet me hashtag Tanner sweater
alright guys it is dark and rainy I
don't know if you guys can see me yeah
you can I got my hat on we're about to
head out now we're getting to my mom's
truck back there and we're going to see
the lights even though it's kind of
rainy I don't think we're gonna be
getting out of the truck anyway last
year we did I'm probably wrong side am i
right I was right wrong side Logan Lily
Tristan mom darkness and dad in Quinton
okay guys we just drove by the lights
and they were off so we I mean they
might not be doing them might be a
little bit too late it's ten o'clock
right now we're getting Brahms yeah
let's go to the lights on the street
look at how much it's raining now if you
guys ever go to Brahms Wow God if you
guys ever go to Brahms get yourself an
orange sherbert shake their freaking
good okay that's like Taco Bell Baja
blast stuff what are we gonna do we can
have our romantic night of lights we're
gonna have a more romantic night without
the lights
we're not guys I guess want to see if
the lights are gonna turn back on or not
uh well guys there's the lights at the
entrance but the rest of them are not on
I guess let's just drive through a dark
parking yeah let's just drive through it
in the dark look at that he's swinging
we could we're missing out mom nightly
6:00 to 10:00 p.m.
Frick we just missed it I told you guys
we should've left earlier nuts up yeah I
didn't want to go to now anyway dang it
I was like oh yeah I won't film that
much today because we're gonna be able
to show him all the cool lights and
it'll be fun and then
whoops I'll have to do that another day
but night shenanigans part 2 well guys I
don't really know what to say I'm gonna
eat my Brahms we had break into
somewhere yeah mom can we go break into
somewhere wait I have a good idea what
fake break into my house
robbing a person's house gone really
good we stole that their stuff um I
guess I'll continue this whenever I get
back home unless you want to watch me my
food see you later all right guys well
we're back home now and there's
literally nothing to do and I'm gonna go
to bed so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I know it's a little bit short but
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share the friends if you enjoyed it
subscribe Union and I'll see you guys
the next one peace out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
