Walmart is that a camera get out the
other store that's a nice camera I think
I know where I'll be buying my milk from
now on Google magic Church of the Tanner
all right
you used to views your family I think so
let's do a fan mail opening inside of
fan mail in the bathtub
alright now we got to put all the
letters back in the bag because we're
not gonna have time to open them all and
then we gotta put the boxes all fancy on
the side so people click on the video
we're forgetting one thing
skittles and here's all the freaking
trash oh my gosh that thing's full then
there's that okay guys I think it's time
did we do this one first the big one
this a piece of a ramen noodle is he how
her they're pouring out already
alright I hear you gotta finding their
way out ha hoo we literally spent five
hundred some dollars on this so uh leave
a dislike just kidding you leave a like
please hey Dylan that was friggin goin
- that was so loud what that hurt no
funny nose hole alright suitcase is done
windows are from high up okay no skirt
you guys are you ready for round two
Dylan yeah why is there nickel in here
oh god no no no no they're mine they're
slippery oh my god please don't drop it
on me one two guys stop not again
I really have you know I feel like
spoons sitting on me I we bought every
freaking package of skittles that we
could get our hands on so I know it's
not filled the whole thing but all right
thumbnail is complete get me out of here
oh ho oh thank you there guys have some
go on your belly button
well guys once again we have bought a
ton but not enough are we ready they
can't even see the skittles Oh guys are
so cold
hey where's your night button whatever
knife in the camera Wow the cleanup can
be horrible yeah the cleanup always
makes us sad don't think this is all fun
and games it's not it's very depressing
feels better we like for real well don't
put that in the video whoa a diamond hat
and what is this
it says diamond Donovan say you $100
extra from the camera so play along is
it what someone's gonna steal that right
from yeah this is awesome there's a
diamond belt there's a belt that has the
diamond logo on it as you guys know I do
love diamond even though they don't pay
me anything just like that good here's a
nerf gun with bullets in it is this from
diamond themselves definitely not their
handwriting is quite poor let me read
this oh that's pretty cute hey my man
tanner I saw this fresh diamond hat and
Belle at the mall and I thought of you I
am also a Kate fan please read this in
your vlog love your biggest fan boy
Richard bruto thank you Richard bye
here's a calculator to calculate
although she give and then here's a gun
to kill yourself there's dud
this is from Roger I actually don't know
how much Awards and all this one's heavy
oh hey this is a big done oh it's $1
thank you yeah being private of Skittles
and guys more candy we have stuff this
smells like detergent oh don't feel oh
thank you Ally hey this is - Tanner I
can't read it
Ella got me these are little detergent
things no way this is Tanner hahaha
Vegemite oh that's nice freezing cold
but just Tanner on it did they put that
logo on there yeah it's a sticker over
it why is New Zealand's money clear
hey what's up can you sub the toe out of
safe what the two of them the toe of st.
challenge from the Flint Dora candy
company comes possibility I skated
planet
do you dare attempt to come get to eat
it all
it I don't true you guys I do much oh
yeah this is a football thank you a lot
for the basketball this is fan art from
a fan of a dark seventh retainer battery
over those titanium necklaces yeah you
did bandana Oh cowboy always smells hot
oh my god dude that hurts so bad
it hurt so bad Thanks blue topaz Oh guys
this is so hot what the hell look right
here box you vote free tough for you
that word is like bigger town on it no
screw you I told you do you want to do
that Wow yeah oh it hurts me blue this I
know I'm happy to look at you oh it's
burning my hole broke down gave it away
oh this is Morton Singh's toe that's it
all of his toes again thank you for this
rainbow bird looking things like that
that I am affected by my tongue touch it
was so hot and so hot guys I resent this
I hate you you know this belongs - file
hey try your sucker before you do
anything are you already liked it cuz
I'm open how'd you look at let me open
it oh thank you that is something
outwitting they said you liked it
there's more are you
we got a trick you're freaking we got
tricked some of them with it my whole
face is still burning
you should I saw it barely touch my
tongue dad my whole entire tongue is
throbbing right now Billy they put
quotes in the back oh oh oh the metal is
hot laughs trampoline hey your feet
touched do a quad Quinn we have arrived
at our hotel I could be a stripper
alright moving on what's right hey hey
put a man now this is our full fan art
whoa this is a cool watch for this thing
is build can we take this again what the
hell does actually do this a show cool
our fan art there's bugs in this stuff -
hold on let me show them this some
toothpaste has been used an off-brand
tech deck
deodorant actually send you a real phone
no they're not it's the App Store dude
ever bad check out this new song you can
my flash I can even oh I got it I got
for your room well I'm keeping this pack
of gum screw you little cards you can
keep those for oh thank you my dog
Bernardo I saw with the climate fools
looking what I've seen dude that is
amazing
hold on is this a Lambo - is this a
Lambo - no no it's an alligator thank
you that is okay this box has been full
of random amazing cool stuff whoever
said this thank you I don't see a letter
and I thought this was a lighter and I
was about to light this on fire a box
and a box a box Open Sesame
oh you're not you forget it
ah a cup of bleach you know oh my god
wrong video sorry we're not doing okay
you know how this is sindorim candy yeah
someone got the memo
holy Sh oh my god
haha this is the Dhobis break appeal box
opening thank you guys Caleb Wanaka Jane
Hackl someone sent it sexual whip
I'm drying it out this is the legit
asexual whip hey hey this actually hurt
I'm not feeling sexual I'll use this
later dear Tanner I'm a 12 year old boy
from Seattle I've watched you since 500
thousand subscribers and you've inspired
me and so many others so I make videos
if you want to check me out my youtube
channel is Caleb one knockout so here's
random stuff in some fan on man borghini
Thank You Warner bullets a water bottle
some wrinkles Osuna carries some over
sexual with just getting us for road
thank you
Caleb I got another being man if for
some reason the exact same one it smells
the same to all it does I cover thee for
you sleep now we can sleep on the plane
someone say you a bag of water every
time out which is the coolest thing
Ragini you have right now my big gray
one you're a liar oh dude that is so
awesome thank you so much this is like
liquid glass
rizal sorrows no that's awesome pretty
sure these are for babies more socks a
banana purse insane pink hair dye if you
guys send another package like this and
it's just tapers in throw it away some
black stuff that says Quentin on it
spelled wrong let me see it I love
sickle stick and a dollar in a bag
thank you here's tape for something good
I got you shouldn't take because Quentin
because I know Quentin loves it so much
now I don't know your Simone I think
their note alright it's freaking wish
hey stop that now oh my god if I break
your package I'm not sorry
I hope Oh Paul all that I'm all that I
like it magnets so it's like a purse but
who the hell would use it some people
are saying the mean Quentin are maybe
the fan Mel it's you you're the a boy
you you're the meanie on the block
no like Santa no thanks sit right here
but this arm over here we're gonna kill
you it wouldn't bid go it's like a movie
are we done yet
yeah hey there's one good part about
this Bo box opening we're all about
together well yeah but I mean we ought
to take a shower after this you know I
like you it's literally molded to my
foot
let's get those suckers and make one and
try all right let's get one of the
Tristan oh my god this is a huge mess
dude trusted person in the peel box
wanted you to try this sucker but when I
have this blue that one's red that one's
like just take a look it smells hot is
it like cinnamon okay now notice they
all know is mine is blue raspberry all
have to do it for a bit I was like I'm
only sweet I like suck on it for 20
minutes
what's the cat oh oh my god why is it
burning my mouth it's not the devil's
toes though so why is it hot all right
well we're gonna go clean this up I
guess there's basically for this video
hope you guys enjoyed it it took forever
to get all those skittles into the
suitcase and the tub and oh my gosh is
we kind of in over our head on this but
it was still a lot of fun so I hope you
guys enjoyed it those are really cool
packages thank you guys so much everyone
that sent stuff yeah thank you guys so
much for watching this video don't
forget to leave a like and share with
your friends if you enjoyed subscribe
you do and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace out
Oh imma let him do it
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe trick
