gotta put it on red for the Christmas
you're perfect what is going on guys we
are back and today is December 1st for
me it's December 2nd for you guys but
I've decided that I'm gonna make a video
every day of December I feel like it's
gonna be hard because I know I I make
all different kinds of videos should I
do all vlogs you almost do very poignant
there might be some of me sitting down
in the vlogs I have no idea but I'm
gonna make a vlog every single day but
yeah today I logged on to my youtube
channel check it out you know how long
I've waited for this moment guys you see
that right there channel tips claim your
reward you know what they're talking
about Quentin no I don't know we're
about what if it's both I think it
should be both ok guys so I just
rewatched that footage and it was the
worst audio I've ever heard like it was
bad in the beginning and then I got just
progressively worse basically I was able
to redeem my 1 million subscriber plaque
and not the 100 thousand won for some
reason and I read off like
congratulations and whatever it said I
think it said you've delivered the
audience now let us deliver the rewards
or something and then it asked me what
name I want on my subscriber plaque and
I chose Edgar make steel pot Co I don't
know if any of you know what that means
probably not very many of you that was
the name of my channel whenever I
started my channel in 2011 it's from
this old game I used to play someday I
will make a video titled Edgar my steel
Paco and explain it but that is the name
that I chose to be put on my 1 million
subscriber plaque and if I ever get my
100k one I will put Hannah brown guard
on it unless they send both of them and
they both have that I guess I'll put it
on my 10 million won if I ever get it oh
yeah enjoy the rest the video guess what
mom what my 1 million subscriber plaque
has been redeemed really guess what name
I put on it what about your hundred
thousand they didn't let me redeem them
for some reason why I just skipped right
over oh I don't know I don't think yes
my name I put on it and our Brown guards
Oh Edgar make steel pot Co you did know
I did all lowercase - you're lying
I'm not kidding he's not look see
channel named Edgar me steel Paco uh-huh
so that's what you love to do yeah if I
ever give my 100 K I'll put my actual
name on it so when will you get it 8 to
12 weeks night me at 2 million by then
we're gonna be in the new house by then
and it's gonna arrive here cuz I put the
address in here and they're gonna get a
package opening up see some gold they're
gonna be like yeah I'm keeping this my
golden YouTube play button got stolen
wait what are those papers pop sockets
pop socket they are designed
and I'm ordering that designed by me
because we may be able to do the work
that I do no because you're that
multi-talented no is that it
okay all right bye so ugly Christmas
sweater comes in today supposedly I will
do a little unboxing of that and I hope
to be announcing the pop sockets they're
gonna be sweet I'm getting one of my own
phone we can we could all be twinsies if
you guys want I'm not getting it though
yes you are no when he's sleeping I'm
gonna put one on his phone oh yeah I'm
also making a new channel art because I
realize mine's been there for like too
long and I really want a new one so I'm
gonna be doing that gotta find like a
bunch of pictures I'm actually gonna
have my friend make it for me and if it
sucks and I'll be making it myself
she's like the box sockets God uh
alright let's go see if my sweater is
here yet probably not mailman came today
dropped off some envelopes I said
where's my package he said you're not
cool enough nothing on our porch nope
dang it while I wait for my poster to
come in insane mattress slip-and-slide
super trampoline bond sexual it's not
sexual at all oh I guess they are
mattresses oh oh god yes yes come on
well that was cool
I've got it oh you're a writer I hit my
hand hard a prepubescent shirtless boys
calling me hey Dylan I want the mailman
come here the merch doesn't come in
today I wanna cry bro it's Khmer yes oh
come get me now
you can't oh yeah yeah stop relax
and this'll all go over smoothly ah my
turn yeah come get me
shake hey she doesn't wanna shake she
wants to smooth the heat all right
that's enough comedy for today good
night rose I've just won my mail all
right while we wait for the sweater to
come in we're gonna head to the post
office for the second time because we
got to go pick up a ton of stuff that
came in toss them BAM no you might miss
him scratcher my missed you know who I
am an Olympic softball player you guys
like to go to the middle school
basketball boom no easy now
you
all family thing some gay we got the
whole crew yeah leave it to me I'm
keeping the crates for next time
santa came are they how many more are
there here's one of their box my in it
yeah okay Josh sorry I'm a soccer player
Oh spongebob Krusty Krab is unfair I
don't think we can keep the crates are
you serious don't think so
I'm trying to film a video bro
last one is this one heavy I think we're
good for the next peel box opening so I
was just sitting on the couch and
Tanner's sweatshirt came in but I don't
think he knows Next Day Air shipping
I've waited my whole life for this oh oh
that is such a disgrace in spirt I'm
doing a flip and then it's bleach and
then there's bleach then there's Kate
was it say xoxo Tanner this is just
beautiful I love it so much there's some
trampolines all I've got to say is I'm
wearing this in my Christmas vlog okay
there's gonna be a link in the
description for the sweatshirts right
they will ship within two to three days
after you order them ok so these will be
here by Christmas easy easily yes it
won't take long get it turned off oh my
god oh ho ho you do know I'm wearing
this to my ugly Christmas sweater party
alright as I'm editing this there's some
more stuff that has changed with the pop
sockets in the poster so let me read the
text the Christmas sweaters are
available right now you guys can order
them right now they ship out like three
days after you order them really quick
so you guys will be able to wear those
for a while before Christmas and like
all through the holidays the link to
that will be in the description and I'm
also going to leave a link to our new
website T brand guard calm and there you
guys can see information on the pop
sockets and the posters we should have
dates for when you guys are going to be
able to order those you're working with
people right now to get the posters
correct sizes hop sockets will be ready
soon it's a big cluster right now but
we're trying to get done and we will get
it done soon so bear with us but yeah
guys links in the description I'm really
tired right now so I'm going to head to
bed I hope you guys are as happy as I am
with it I'll have to do more stuff in
the future but I plan on making a video
everyday December because whenever I
keep my
busy I'm just a happier person I know a
lot of you guys are probably like me and
you're a deep thinker and you need to
keep yourself busy so that you don't get
like stressed out and anxious and
whenever I'm not doing anything I just
get in these moods and I just don't like
it so I try to limit my free time and I
hope this is something that's gonna help
me do that I think it'll be fun and I
hope you guys watch them I hope you guys
enjoy them but yeah this has been the
first little vlog thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys the next one
peace out
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
