ah every freakin time it hurts what is
going on guys today we are back and over
the past few days I've been having this
feeling of like wanting to do crazy fun
you know flips and whatever else I think
it's because it's getting cold and I
want to be able to do stuff before it
gets too cold because once it gets
really cold I'm not sure how much I'll
be able to do and after making
yesterday's video I edited that and I
actually had fun editing usually I'm
like uh yeah rather sleep but I was
enjoying editing like I used to
whenever I get a look back at the dumb
stuff and like all the flips and stuff
that stuff's fun for me to edit so I
think I'm gonna start to get back into
flips and I know a lot of you guys
that's what you want but I'm also not
going to quit doing what I'm doing with
the the challenges on everything else
and I'm also gonna start taking out my
retainer every time I start talking and
it freaking hurts to take it out so
you're welcome and today I decided I
actually want to do a video I've done
before but I want to do it better than
last time and last time we did it it was
a lot of fun I uploaded a video called
trampoline hopping probably two or three
years ago probably to I'm not sure
basically we go around to random
people's trampolines in my town and like
everyone knows each other in the town so
they're not gonna get like mad at least
I don't think so
but yeah that's what I'm gonna do today
I'm going to sign up to get a passport
right now because I don't have a
passport so I can't leave the country or
anything and I want to travel to Europe
soon and some other places so I have to
go get that done but after that I'm
gonna head back and then I'll have quit
and help film it and then we'll just go
around around in people's trampoline and
then we'll test them out do some flips
and hopefully not get hurt on them if
they suck so yeah I will see you guys
whenever we are back home okay take
Orton is here with me I am people get
out of the school here at 3 o'clock it's
almost 3 o'clock we've got a hurry and
most people get out of working like 5:00
so I mean we have a few hours but it is
cold remember so probably not going to
do like anything amazing but I'm gonna
try to do some cool stuff alright we're
going to go to my freshman history
teachers right down the street
mr. Jefferson my man I know you're
watching this because some kid in your
class probably saw it and showed it to
you so
all right here we go
like hitting a rock it sucks
let me go alright on to the next house
alright this next one I've wanted to go
to this house for a long time the
trampoline just looks really bouncy it
has a purple spring cover on it so it
just looks good and microscope there it
is yeah going on the jog
wherever I'm gonna hide behind this tree
Birkenstocks let's scram dude running
makes it look even worse the concrete is
bouncier than that trampoline I know
what you guys are thinking all right
tanner how could you get mad about kids
jumping over your fence and getting on
your trampoline when you're doing the
same thing to other people well I'm a
youtuber we do what you want okay we're
awesome we're filming a documentary yeah
oh there's a tramp let's go
there's a trampoline in their front yard
this yeah so they're basically inviting
me over there's also a car here let's
let's act like we're jogging don't do
doo doo and hang a hard right
SiC that was kind of bouncy but it was
really hard these people need to invest
in some good trams alright my friend
babysits these people apparently what
I've been told they don't look like
they're home and they seem like nice
people so what's going on job Quinn this
is a pretty good trampoline - it's so
small
I'm coming back through the open gate
I was tiring safe route next place oh
and it hit my guys I think I just found
the crappiest trampoline known to man
we're bounce gonna check it out hey my
cousin
hey J we're gonna go jump on your
neighbor's trampoline what are you do
comes with the nerf guns let's get out
of here it's too bad to do anything on I
saw a good-looking tramp to square I
think best trampoline ever I'll stay
over here and record you
okay so I know those people they have a
trampoline the exact same one
on one side of the fence that's actually
so cool that was a double whammy you
just got I didn't know they both had one
I didn't either those are probably the
best trampolines we've found so far but
we're gonna still visit a few more and
try to find the best trampoline out
there oh no they're home whatever okay
these people hate us they've always
hated us phone Tootie's home dude he has
a beard too oh he's gonna kill us he
can't see us if we run wait this seems
familiar yeah this is my dad's house
we're just pulling you guys's Weiner
yanking your chain kidding yeah hi dad
I'm gonna do a front-flip
onto it and land it
all right let's go last one no no no
they have a dog dude they have a dog oh
my god you look so vicious oh my god
you're getting attacked oh it's coming
for me they have a good trampoline dude
hurry before I get killed
let's get out of here all right let's go
in their house they'll never know we're
in these people are slobs guys this is a
big moment in Rosa's life we're
expanding her kennel all the way cuz
you're way too big now right right yeah
it's almost bedtime now I haven't been
recording because I've just been really
busy tonight with boring stuff oh my god
quit fighting me you motherfrakker crews
look no more separator you get the whole
entire kennel just set it on top what
are you doing oh no James
tristin oh my god it's a dog hey yo are
you excited
omg omg how is it how is this place
plot twist this is my bed I've earned
this luxury bite my mic all right over
the bag guys boy she killed my camera
Hey well we're roommates now better quit
being mean to me quit biting me Oh put
it I can't run
alright guys well I'm about to get out
of the frickin kennel oh it's wet god it
was hell on earth
alright good night yep see you later hi
guys well I'm gonna go to bed I'm really
tired and I'll see you guys we have the
ugly Christmas sweaters coming in
tomorrow so I will open those on video
and then I'll show you guys what they
look like and then give you I'll
probably have a link to where you guys
can order it not too sure y'all look all
you guys know tomorrow goodnight alright
guys well it is morning now and we do
not have the ugly Christmas sweaters
they have not come in the mail yet for
some reason so I can't show you guys
what they look like today we already
have the store and everything ready to
go but I'm not gonna launch it yet
because I want to be able to show it in
a video so I would do that in tomorrow's
video I will show it should be there by
then if it's not then I will be upset
and confused and I'm sorry this video is
a little bit shorter but I've just been
really busy lately because I'm having to
do all the posters
making designs for pop sockets and other
stuff so I've just been busy it's hard
to mix it all in and make a good video
do I apologize for that but I hope you
get it still enjoyed today's video thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like and share the
friends be enjoyed subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out
you came in looking like that you just
maybe check
