what is going on guys today I just got
these they're like a little clear thing
that goes over your teeth after you get
braces if you don't know what they are
they're called retainers in my last
video I showed me getting my braces off
and stuff every time I say Si like
whistle and I hate it but I have to wear
these for six weeks without taking them
off besides you know eating and stuff so
it's not a huge deal but they're just
kind of annoying it's kind of like
getting braces on for a short amount of
time they're not as bad as braces and
sometimes you can't even tell it you
have them on got a little case for that
then they gave me this paper which
explains when I have to get my wisdom
teeth out I have to get all my wisdom
teeth out and they said I'm going to be
getting them out probably summer 2017 so
still a while away but here is some
papers from the orthodontist and
whenever I went to the orthodontist
today they had like pictures cuz because
they make you take pictures so they can
put you on their wall and stuff and I
look like this haven't even taken a
shower or anything I'll be the trashiest
person on their wall good also if you
guys follow me on Twitter you guys saw
that I made a poll I told you guys to
choose your favorite pictures out of the
four pictures I uploaded that you guys
wanted to be turned into posters you
could get I would sign them and then
send them off myself well the thing is I
accidentally deleted the original cr2
files of the photos which is like what
you edit with and I saw the winning
pictures and it doesn't really make any
sense to me by the website that we're
using will not let me use them they say
that they are not high enough quality
yeah I can zoom in all the way to here
and they're still perfect quality so
that was kind of a wasted poll I guess
I'm gonna go with Quinn today to try to
retake those photos because I really
want them to be like almost exactly the
same because those are the ones that you
guys wanted and also my mom told me last
night that the offer on the house got
declined the offer that we made but we
made them another offer and all you guys
know what they say I have no idea what
they're gonna say so honestly I have no
clue if we're gonna get the house I'd
really like to get it but honestly if we
don't it's gonna be fine I mean it'd be
cool we might still move we might we
might stay I don't know I love this
house and I love the other house but
whatever happens it'll be okay and these
things are super tight on my teeth we
also finally got our Christmas tree up
we have a bunch of random ornaments on
we usually have like our childhood ones
that we made in preschool and
kindergarten and stuff but we don't want
rose to chew those up so we just like
went to Target and bought a bunch of
random ones I also still haven't brought
these downstairs kind of happens every
time I make a video I need to find
another use for these did I spent like
$450 on just these bottom three I don't
know why mattresses are so expensive but
yeah if you guys have any ideas for
those mattresses let me know I would put
them by the phone pit but that just
won't work cuz the foam pit sucks I want
to do mattress flips off a bridge like
bring him to a bridge and lay them down
but it's like way too cold and yeah I
don't think that's gonna work
I'm heading
the Dylan's house right now I have no
idea what we're going to do we're going
to do something for the vlog today but a
lot of you guys have asked about the
Christmas sweaters the ugly Christmas
sweaters and my sample comes to my
doorstep Thursday and then we're going
to be able to launch it right away so it
will be up soon and my hair looks stupid
I'm supposed to retake pictures but
hopefully it'll fix itself over time
let's get guys we got a new favorite
song
are you guys ready for a challenge I
think I can fit under here oh god I
gotta be able to grab my camera Oh what
oh good thing I have a flat butt okay
Dylan that was too easy
you need to close your garage door more
no throw me a trick shot bro remember
that beanbag there she is
if you guys remember the bean bag from
whenever we jumped out of the window
you're a real OG for one okay we're
about to do it again today
hmm I want to move it I love helping
yeah all right we'll see if we can make
the jump all right you're first
whoo
oh this I put yeah it was beautiful
actually my turn
ciao Maddy Maddy move whoa oh so fun
quad ACK next I think we have enough
room
do one of your low back flips oh my god
we've got to bring it outside and jump
off your deck but first let's do some
more bull crap go from 180 I saw the
movie once I thought of it 360 dive roll
oh why not
aided the tape Krusty Krabs unfair yeah
help me ooh don't ever do it you almost
forget into couch service huh yeah
everyone I jumped out of the window and
I almost died literally freaking foot
away I barely made it onto that beanbag
oh it's perfect check the fricken
landing and take off in there kid you do
a backflip off your couch Oh brah didn't
do it low oh hi let's take her to the
new lion oh I'm having this time watch
out that's lucky 'happy OMG guys look no
no save me there's too much water
Hey oh I remember I used to put rocks
inside of bowls and leave them outside
my house to test one oh my god the
buildings on fire huh and somehow I
still died what's good at farther back
we're gonna die that's good panting at
the concession not lighting is all right
wait wait wait wait Oh ruffle bit or do
I do go first I love you too far vex I
don't
far forward hi you ready yep yeah it's a
little scary ended it yeah that is scary
I don't want to hit my feet right there
and fall my head on the grass ready
mm-hmm
you can do this dinner mmm I have a
countdown 5 4 3 mm whoo no aah
ready yes I'm gonna go over this well
this is how Tannenberg are done oh I
told you yeah that frickin sucked I was
expecting a soft landing side foot time
again this is a cool angle man do one
like that I'll do a backflip standing
back I love that oh it's just freaking
scary yeah it is I'm not gonna land on
that yeah you will I landed on it and I
snuck into the side boob oh so do I want
to hit my feet right here or do it off
here and literally die um both oh god
I'm sucking back - I'm doing a hard
trick off that yeah pasta way off this
bad boy I did it once I can do it again
perfect this gets scarier every time you
know that I don't that'll do castaways
vrv need a base drop
got it it's not gonna hide screams hides
I can't
Wow that's scary
a lot of fun though your turn let's get
out a little bit like back I'll do
really big something yep Oh crowd I'm
gonna do one it's freakin that far it's
far and close my eyes too so I really
couldn't see it so oh my feet kind of
slipped off the wood probably should not
be doing this in socks I should run from
back there oh that was scary too let's
put it right there and jump over the
cement oh gosh here freaking scary I
believe why do you have it sideways
I don't know going after you have i but
slipping today oh this is so scary
yeah it is scary ready
Oh up it's time to go goodbye Dylan's
dog you're almost as cute as rose
alright we are headed out now to take
the pictures to retake the pictures I
should say and we're trying to raise
sunset alright they put other side
because this bridge is about to cave in
here are the pictures because I have to
shoot on the camera that I'm filming on
right now I think we got him to look
pretty similar it's freaking cold out
and we're heading back home now also
that trampoline that was on report I've
seen a lot of people come and like why
having you open it up what are you gonna
do with it are you gonna give it away
I've been waiting to see if we can get
the house because I want to do an indoor
trampoline video and if you guys watch
the house video you guys saw the living
room was pretty big with like the
balcony and stuff so I wanted to do that
maybe an indoor foam pit as well I have
no idea like an actual one not just a
prank on my mom I think I said this
already but yeah we made another offer
on the house right yes if it becomes an
absolute note from the people at the
house then I will probably just be
giving it away but if we do get the
house I feel like I will do an indoor
trampoline video and I might still give
it away I feel like I'm talking really
stupid right now because you stupid
retainers can you take it out oh you're
new you know that you're like literally
stuck they hurt so bad you saw me
earlier you're trying to take him out
and I'm sorry I'm giving you guys
freaking seasickness right now with all
these bumps so I'll just see you guys
later
thank you guys so much for watching this
video don't forget to leave like
insurance if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one peace out what about it
Oh
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe
