what is going on guys we are back and
today I'm gonna be getting my braces off
finally I've had these on for a little
bit over two years and I've wanted them
off since the day I got them on I don't
know if I'm gonna look better or worse I
think my teeth are gonna look big but I
swung them off and I can't find my keys
we might be taking my mom's truck I had
them last night when I went to
McDonald's at midnight but I can't find
now kind of in a hurry because we're
running late already you're probably
gonna be late oh well did I lock him in
there I don't think so
I think my brother's coming with me so
he can help film because I don't want to
be like having a camera in my hand as I
try to operate on me and I'm filming on
my smaller camera because it's just less
awkward with a smaller camera okay I
just called my mom and she said she put
him in my truck but my truck is freakin
locked okay somehow the passenger is
unlocked thank you mom
now we're gonna have to speed to get
there I was gonna do that anyway alright
the one time I'm in a rush we are
trapped by semis Frick I now have word
again that my appointments not for
another 20 minutes after I thought it
was so we're not in a hurry anymore also
we might be going to look at another
house today right I don't know I really
like the first ones that we looked at I
mean I guess we're gonna go look anyway
and see what it's like maybe it'll be
even better but I'll take you guys with
me to do that after we go get my braces
off my friend Quentin just got his off
about a month ago or so and he said that
it hurt to get him off I have pretty
sensitive to you so if I hurt I don't
really care as long as I get him off and
I think my mom's coming to the
orthodontist to sit by my side and
support me like the great mother she is
you're no longer needed yeah boy school
well guys we were in a big hurry and now
we're here 15 minutes early so we get to
say here I did a fine parking job look I
backed up backwards
I never mind that wasn't as pretty as I
thought but still I did all right are
you ready for this big moment in my life
thanks maybe for an a big like a bit of
your sister eyes I don't care
all right we have official word from the
dentist they get it come off I bet it
look great right now
you look fabulous okay yeah mostly there
it's just too bad you got my teeth sorry
about that
yeah Vera feels so weird tell me when to
stop brush my teeth first okay so we
have to get the glue off my teeth as
well then I have to get a mold for a
retainer to make sure your teeth don't
go like back crooked that way horrible
tastes kind of weird one blood didn't
hurt very bad though so my gums feel
puffy they probably are no that looks at
me
you got it just a minute I was like hey
in your mouth okay around - that looks
so food I should give you a mustache
that was too hard i dang it yeah awesome
future coming I didn't go rinse out and
then come back who's got a few thing oh
I was so jealous whenever my sister got
hers off and got these and I didn't go
and can we take your picture with doctor
yeah all right come on over here thanks
Mike let's give triumphs one two three
run bring you loud okay Congrats man
great okay you look good thank you okay
we'll see you back for returners my
brother said you don't look that
horrible what you saying you look a
difference within mean why am i blue
what's up dude this camera is weird all
right now we're gonna go look at that
house my mom showed me a couple pictures
I saw a roof by a pool so that might be
a deal-breaker I don't know I'm gonna go
eat my candy and I'll see you guys won
we're goin let's stop for ice cream real
quick and it feels really weird ice
cream feels like really cool because
some of my two thousand times ice cream
in like two years
three months I think but it's still good
do I look different all right now let's
be photogenic together come on come on
Rose come on why not
I quit you did this crap in the other
video a lot of you guys asked if she
stays outside all the time and she
sleeps in her kennel and then I wake up
and I let her out take her outside
whatever and then she hangs out inside
with me while I edit and then she comes
out here to play whenever we have to go
do stuff like get my braces off and I
come back and I play with her - we have
to go look at a house or something and
then and then she'll sleep in her kennel
oh yeah what you don't to lay by me come
on I want to take a nap
on this cold concrete all right we're
here
there's a barn and then there's a house
no that's my house that's that's your
house this is a little bit too country
for my liking already grandma yes
my teeth are naked oh good I know they
look good they feel weird there's a
chicken I told you this is too country
mom how's the pool house look I'm
walking on water so yeah people still
live here right now so when are we
moving into the other house all right
mom you know the drill
grab everything let's go someone
actually going to come rob this place
right after it we're screwed so there's
a room here and a room there and comes
with the trash can in a kitchen some
hats some boots oh you know there's a
cowboy in this house all right well
let's take a dip in the pool and head
out cuz I bet I could make that jump
pretty easily yeah we all like the other
one more so we're probably gonna keep
trying to get that so I guess we're
gonna go to IHOP right I'm gonna get a
pancake I have no idea where my keys are
because this car doesn't take keys so I
have no idea where I left them for the
car drive so that means they're in here
here's your bill Pat you don't feel
there's a McDonald's trash a nice blue
coat that's actually my sister's look
under your jacket
there's no way ah struggles there's some
underwear it's got to be under my seat
there's nowhere else oh boy nope after
four hours of looking I accidentally saw
them die um thank you let's go eat this
is our first time eating here that's not
past midnight within probably few weeks
or ever where's it at where's it at
boom that's two cubed I'm not in math
class sorry I'll have the two by two
with scrambled eggs and bacon plus
sirloin tips with a
Hey yep I never know if it's a Tanner
Foxx fan page or a Tanner burger fan
page and ever they have like asked me up
Tanner yesterday wow that's pretty cool
let me try where it was little bin the
ball in it whoever it lands on doesn't
have to drive home
I drove here anyway I don't know what
the well boy there's a lot of people man
no I'm just seeing how many Christmas
food ha ha you're going potty and I took
yo camera he loser hide the camera part
two he did this a get air and I found it
within two seconds again God that still
set it up shut up here we go guys this
is about to be my first bite without
braces on in over two years too big deal
hmm gonna do the actions oh I feel like
phase sensor like he makes videos like
trying pancakes for the first time oh
here we go
is it like it's like the same but
different yeah about halfway through
this you're gonna go back into the habit
of trying to suck all the little things
out no issues and they won't be there
it's weird
yes place is packed a bit acquit
recording some people don't like that oh
we got to learn along turn it okay guys
we are leaving our second home now we're
going back to our actual home rolling oh
yeah yeah we're beating in my challenges
better my camera's upside down hey guess
what what we're rolling all right let me
find some gum real quick we're about to
test out try and gum without braces
at the packet bleach
my brother's ID yeah then we're having a
frickin sunglasses you just want me to
keep the gun for you know oh you might
have to do it I am NOT saying oh here's
one
yeah down in the tip down in the Taco
Bell change
you owe me to steer so you can do this
two hands get it over with I tell me
faster slower are we had a hundred yet
sixty-six go faster you just do this
alright I'll record you I was pretty
hard
here we go moment of truth everybody
grand finale it's delivery guess what
what I'm taking a piece for me oh I have
an idea for the next people boxed
opening by the way guys it's going to be
insane it's another bathtub one but
we're filling it with something I can't
tell you now because then some other
youtuber will take it
yeah it's gonna be intense since the gun
where you can eat the wrapper yeah I'll
get back to you guys in a minute
I remember when people in school would
be like well give you this piece of gum
if you choke with the wrapper I go okay
I don't think that's a thing well I look
at their tire what the bicycle tire
the plan is to take a left and he's
gonna take my pictures yeah I'm gonna be
the photographer this time yo if you
want to take a few different pictures I
got a sweet outfit for you really you
can put that back you should take one
buy this so people think you're
delinquent hurry before the Sun set goes
away oh you're right
trick yet let's see hi again
all right see these these are rubber
bands for braces this is a moment of
long-awaited I missed I also quit
flossing around the time I got braces
because it's basically impossible to
floss with braces you have to have one
of those like special things where you
like it's just a lot of work so I quit
flossing about two two years three
months ago and I'm not about to start
now so I'll throw that away if I ever
find it which I probably don't have any
anyway because I probably are too threw
it away well guys I hope you enjoyed
today's video but yeah that's basically
it for this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it don't forget to leave a like
ensure the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out haha see
there my friends like if I enjoyed it
and I share with them and that's what
you guys should do it ain't my fault
just kidding new outro I told you all
what about a hit
oh you look
