oh look at that youtuber room setup with
the lights and everything and it's the
ones room who doesn't make videos what
did you say
yeah oh you ready oh I know you see me
standing here yeah my bad
how did you say something that is
offensive excuse my voice I've been sick
and I lost it she fakes sick for a week
to get out of school
no what is up guys we are back a second
video with all of us together I think
what are we doing today the sibling tag
sibling tag you're it I don't know how
to do this I don't know what it is at
all he's gonna do all the magic for us
right oh I guess here's a really hard
one who is the oldest can we do the
interesting ones yeah let's see some
interesting ones going ok he's the
oldest well yeah
most memorable held on hold on can we
just stop the race your leg has no most
memorable argument I know ours I was
like 9 you were 7 around that time the
freaking hubba bubba with the juice
inside like a little simple ones
retiring over I sold him three pieces of
that gum for 15 decks 15 dollars he
ripped me off then I told my mom I was
like he sold me this gum that was
probably like one or two dollars for $15
he didn't tell me and then she's like
it's your fault and I was like and I
gotta keep the money and then I was like
hey my fault
that's my outro but seriously that was
stupid he knew what he was doing I
didn't there's no way I was 7 I might
have been I was like probably like oh
though we were in the country lane house
5 to 7 years old to young favorite
inside joke I get that's not a joke a
joke that's just not saying I
don't know do we have any probably what
you you and your siblings have in common
nothing nothing I'm little our names
start with teeth um we all have a Chin's
it right now because I know I got eight
from that freaking ramen robot you have
a chance it nah dang it we all have the
same sense of humor just really dark and
inappropriate we don't like our teeth
either that's kind of your thing I get
my bracelet off tomorrow boy I'm so
excited I'm so excited are you to make a
video or just go yes should we just give
up on that one yeah sure okay we don't
exercise hey I believe we have a cone
yeah and in this exercise have you
flipped sometimes I have PE at school
pretty sure
longer knew I didn't cheer it and we
exercise their exercise you call that a
sport really how to trigger it anyway
and stuff I condition my hair every
morning what are you interested Ling's
do for fun wants you to whom we don't
watch American Dad true watch Walking
Dead like we're gonna do after this not
me me and couldn't go to IHOP for fun a
lot and our life what else do we do for
fun there's got to be something we make
youtube videos happy now you don't 5
thumbs up and she has to make YouTube
video within a week I bought you a
MacBook for this freakin reason have you
ever liked one of your siblings friends
no there's an inside joke okay I don't
Lexie if you're watching this it's
kidding um yeah she's a friend she has a
friend named Lexi she went in a video
before she has animal in the bottle
breaking one okay I gave her a Kate
Upton poster in a video before so here's
a clip of that I've got something for
you hi take good care of her all right
they go have fun with her pretty hot
right stop and then quite lers a thing
right no not that is not a thing Oh
couldn't tell me it was pretty wishes it
was what is the last text you sent each
other does the group message count no
let's just do individuals to each other
okay - Tristan nevermind Nicole's
bringing me home well the potato pizza
picture I'll just show him the actual
picture here it is
he looks like pootabot oh yeah remember
whenever Demi Lovato had a really bad
picture of her taken and everyone was
like obsessed over their last text you
sent Taylor hurry
I said I'm across the street before that
so the last text I sent to Tanner was a
screenshot for his really mean comments
video oh don't text very often oh we're
done my last thing I sent to Tristan was
a picture of himself for a photo shoot
he looks hallway depressed yeah it looks
like a boss I have a farmer's throat who
has the cleanest room Taylor my room has
popped our trash on there right now
including I didn't just clean it for
filming it was clean before my couch has
at least every single pair of clothing I
own behind it
I used to put my closing drawers but
then I never looked in the drawers and I
never warm that's how the whole
shirtless thing started like I'm too
lazy to open a drawer yeah so I just
throw them all on the floor who is the
most talented let's be honest here
probably Tanner I mean you play the
clarinet pretty well I guess I plug the
guitar for two years not well true
Justin can act and then what do you do I
used to do dance but I quit they're our
family the quitters
moving on bottom line we have no talent
we don't know why we have followers why
do I only have like 36 thousand
followers and she has ninety thousand
what is why is she better than me is my
question
100k by Christmas question mark who
takes the longest to get ready you me
God it's sad I'm gonna have my own
bathroom in this new house it's gonna be
so nice it's like a good bathroom two
hours now sucks if you pee in it and
flush it you'll get clogged is something
wrong it's catchy hey we're trying to
sell the house oh wait is a bath awesome
toilet nicknames we have for each other
ten man I never call you we don't call
each other nicknames okay what is the
one dish you want mom to make when you
feel down macaroni you make it yourself
um banana bread I want her to make her
way to the car and go get me some Taco
Bell what's a weird habit of yours I
chew my nails so bad and it makes me
want to die I dab a lot I pop my toes
all the time also my thumb I'm like
always doing this oh I don't know why I
never knew you did that I do
for some reason by all I do this to
people sometimes spread my legs for
views no more than an endpoint are you
gonna do the thing reuse your sock
almost matches my sweatshirt when you go
to sleep at night when you wake up in
the morning we all love that I was
snapchatting Blake gray and Jacob
Sartorius was on his phone and we were
snapchatting and Jacob said I was his
favorite youtuber so if you're watching
this man did he really are you like no
I'm not kidding so you don't have to use
Blake's phone anymore Joe oh is that way
hold on does it look Taylor moving on -
hold on - it better you have a pocket
seeing your pop talks minor me coming
out soon
hey there it's actually good design I
made it myself a lot of people are
asking why to have a pop socket on my
new phone and this because I'm waiting
to put my own on it because I love that
one okay um complete this statement my
sibling is retarded I guess a gay don't
put retarded in this offensive
everything's offensive okay famous and
so pretty moving on that was not a good
one are you close yeah really close love
each other
yeah are we close I'm better friends
with her yeah it's true I'm left out in
the family i1 bar battery left two more
okay give me your phone I don't want
there's no more freaking I don't know
uh what are our pet peeve people
smacking on the food breathing - lovely
chewing on their nails oh what'd you do
all of that I breathe too loudly for ya
and you sound like you just remember
long waiting don't run he tapped his
foot all the time really oh yeah wait I
hate it when people use improper grammar
like you have an apple not a Apple are
you the real Taylor burger can you tell
your brother to say I for me I know I'm
gonna do a part - so hi YouTube or
something inappropriate he does not sit
there and read my comment I had when I
walk into an event that like involves
our family and they all know me I've
seen them like for years and then
they're like it's the theme is Taylor
Braun Garth and it's awkward and I just
want to leave how about how are you
doing Tanner instead of diet I hate it
when someone sends me an empty bottle
bleach what what's the point
they're like I was the last one gonna be
I seriously have no idea though what
should it be
hurry up um favorite sport that's
another thing we all have in common we
don't watch sports or anything we don't
sport at all no we're losers we used to
play sports listen man we gotta come up
with something that's another thing we
have in common we all like boys they're
all gonna think they're serious about
him um literally Google one what do you
think I've been doing this entire video
sure soon this is gonna be a lot of
footage if you don't I know Taylor I
think you're gonna get a sniffle montage
like when you got a hiccup I mean sick
we should we do who do we want to meet
the most um yeah - kind of a package
deal okay so we're gonna do who's our
top five famous people we want to meet
yes probably
Lady Gaga for sure Alex James Lana Del
Rey probably a Vera Farmiga who's that
Sarah Paulsen who is that American
Horror Story what are yours Taylor Ethan
Dolan grayson dolan Ellen Pompeo from
Grey's Anatomy Ellen DeGeneres
continue though yeah Ellen king but I
love that guy Liza
kocchi yes you yes industry me she one
breakout creator I have a breakout right
now - dude my battery's flashing my
camera hurry okay Roman Atwood
Justin Bieber I was using Cameron Dallas
your frettin soup is true Oh God Jacob
Sartorius
I forgot him Kevin cube everything yeah
I live near out Jacob you're in slash
from Guns N'Roses my favorite guitarist
and I do want to meet Alan that'd be
cool
is that it are we done can I go to bed I
think we're done thank you so much for
watching don't forget to wave it like
Shakespeare friends do you enjoy
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out I thought I
was gonna do it oh you know what I'll
just do one just in case thank you guys
so much for watching this video do not
forget to leave a like and subscribe if
you did enjoy this video I was gonna
sing a motion pictures presentation yeah
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you guys a next one they
probably won't
your never be in another video my never
again oh contains the last time losers
I'm gonna hit your fan of a jump-off
move move scooch get out it ain't my
fault I was gonna do that too bad also
we're filming a challenge on my
brother's channel this fools channel so
you guys can go watch that after this
link will be in the description go check
it out I have no idea what we're doing
or if it'll be funny
so actually don't just don't don't waste
your time go hey go subscribe to me I
don't upload but I want to make some
videos Taylor
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
