Luna are you helping me edit are you
Christian are you annoying me with your
video game in my own room yes you are
wait aren't you supposed to be moved out
I come to visit what is going on guys
today we're back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day this is
the second video I'm filming today
because yesterday I had to wake up early
and film one because I thought the music
video was going up and then it wasn't
there's just a few more things we have
to get done and then it will be up I
think Saturday this weekend
Luna loves it and I love her new collar
if you guys have a doggo or dago's be
sure to check out t bunker calm because
these dog collars are pretty freaking
fire Rhodes has one on to have your dogs
join the Tang Clan and have them wear a
freaking cool a scholar bra what
happened what what what does he suck it
for tonight I think he does and before
we get into this vlog I was reading my
comments the other day and I saw so many
that loved my editing on one of my
recent videos and I had a bunch of memes
in it and just basically spicy memes
I love memes I love editing like that it
takes a lot longer so I didn't before
but recently I've been throwing in memes
I'll throw some comments up on the
screen you guys have been freaking
loving it and I just love it when you
love it so if you like memes I I got
some in store here's one of charles
manson who's basically insane doing an
interview
I know Charles Manson nah he's a serial
killer he's burning in hell okay you
girls go outside go play we'll be back
soon
so I just changed my shirt I already
wore that in yesterday's video but as
none of you know it is my grandma's
birthday today my grandma is freaking
dope she supported me in like everything
in my entire life so of course today's
vlog is gonna be about her we're gonna
go get her something nice we're gonna
meet up with my mom my sister they're at
the mall you're making me feel bad like
you're just having a staredown how many
of you realize there's roses all over
this gate goodbye do you have any ideas
of what to give her cuz I kind of do but
I kind of don't know it's cause you got
all that fan mail yeah it's mine I don't
know if you guys have ever paid
attention at my grandma's house but she
has like a bunch of crosses all over
she's not like that religious which is
weird what she likes angels and she
likes weird weird stuff but she likes
angels and she like stuff like that she
also has a bad back I could just get her
a huge massage chair but then that gifts
kind of for everybody I wanted to be
special to her and make her happy it
might be a nice necklace I don't know
we're just gonna have to see what they
have at the mall okay buying shoes just
for a school dance you are a wasteful
human yeah I know
at least you're gonna kill that school
dance just remember the dance I told you
about
any vote on what we should get grandma
candles and you'll steal my jewelry you
know we're here at the mall we might as
well test out a massage chair see what
we think because I think if I had one
I'd never use it five dollars for 14
minutes I get a photo of you of course
any vote what I get my grandma for
Christmas not Christmas her birthday hey
what did she write angels and she has a
bad back so I'm testing out this right
now I get two minutes in this massage
chair that scared me
oh it's just pissing me off I want out
why am I in there just shoving my back
I'm trying to sit in the chair I mean
it's all right I mean I'm glad we only
put a dollar in and guess how much I'm
putting in for grandma's zero we're
getting her something else it's gonna be
a no from me anybody else want to sit
here I'll hold your stuff at the full
experience I swear you have to be eight
feet tall to use this look where we ran
into guys dibs clothing is going to be
in this freakin store in like a hundred
locations praise this weakness before
it's even out oh my god how'd you do
that
it'll be in this exact store tomorrow or
Friday and there's gonna be a link in
the description if you guys want to see
if it's coming to a store near you
you can find out there's a store locator
in the description just check it out
it's gonna be the first link and if
there's not a store near you you can
download the buckle app I was gonna kick
my shoe at Tristan but there's break the
balls around here oh whoa an angel
that's actually dope men's jewelry
pretty cool not as cool as mine
Tristan we're not getting your candles
her house already smells like a
fireplace and it smells great Kendall
young guy he did i massager what has the
world come to case your pupils get cold
uh-huh a vibrating hairbrush I was gonna
say Luna would do this up and die but
she just ate fireworks the other day
grandma we do not know what the hell to
get you whoa I think I just found a new
hoodie I think I did yeah I used to work
diamond all the time and that's dope I
would totally buy that if it was off of
T bunker calm but it's not so let's go
this mall better watch their back
they're gonna get that thing stolen when
they least expect it yeah that's a red
truck I think we're the wrong spot red a
mall in Kansas this sucks I think we
have decided on getting her a mixture of
gifts with one being a goof than a bunch
of balloons to like surprise her and
then something nice as well so she knows
we care so we're gonna order this store
where they sell very naughty things on
deck we have the heart necklace please
focus with the rows on the side and then
we have rose earrings and then we have a
rose ring this one is freakin sick
definitely one of those three I think
we're going with the ring because the
rings been cool of course all of this
boring jewelry is 30% off and the one I
got full price we got the ring and my
wallet it's empty AF row JK and already
was ring reveal gosh dawn pretty what do
you guys think I like it a lot it's so
pretty not as pretty as me though I just
realized you guys don't even know the
name of my song yet it's called no place
like home and we're listening to it
right now
coming Saturday I look like I'm going to
a baby shower
I need a child now we are heading to
Grandma's to the Edit
Sokka where the ocean man and easy go
through under of amazement at the old
man
sweets lanes we have appeared at
grandmother Punky's house I guess where
the ring is
it's in my bottom she's on the phone Shh
grandpa come here Hey look at my pipe I
got her a gift in my butt all right I'll
talk to you later all right
love you bye happy birthday thank you so
um we heard you were 63 we got you
balloons at say 69 and then we got you
this that's from a place in the mall
right yeah we know she's a coffee
drinker so we got her and then I got you
one more gift and it's in my butt did it
hold up it's down there let me get it
don't want to get demonetised with my
grandma dudes in my opinion hey
check it out yeah you empty my bank
account so good thank you
of course we're getting a thumbnail
that's what I get in return
love you too does it fit or do you have
to get it resized nope it will fit this
one okay
yes now your apartment yeah the tank
line because we do road stuff yep and
this is chipped we got a 20% off yeah I
need my bank on the ring so you can have
to deal with that and now we got our
scrumptious dinner made by yours truly
the birthday girl and I have 13% on this
camera so I'm gonna FaceTime the other
two winners from the emerg contest and
then that'll probably be the end of the
vlog but with helium balloon so it might
get interesting okay Logan's got the
number two FaceTime on his phone I'm
gonna inhale some helium let's say hi
this guy I have an iPhone because it's
not letting me FaceTime them this is an
outrage hey do you guys have FaceTime
bro we are chilling at our grandma's
house it's her birthday today so we just
brought her some presents worst yet oh
my god what just happened to my voice
well is there any questions or Slayer
anybody want to shout out or anything
like that because you're a frickin
supporter and you're amazing and he's in
the Tang Clan and he's just a savage for
life Logan Paul calm wash off what would
I be doing if I quit YouTube school
probably and that would okay I have one
more person to call so I'm gonna call
them real quick is that okay
anything else all right cool it was nice
to meet you guys yep we'll see you later
answer oh I should have yeah it's okay
who wants to inhale helium
get over here Logan you're gonna want to
suck on the sack part of it I'll film
this there you go there you go there you
go hey guys give it your best shot
all right you got inhale a lot we can hi
holy crap happy birthday grandma grandma
not back with another video what's up
guys Tanner Fox here quitting or you
said that you can't you can't just jump
on the train
I am Tanner Fox smoking my blog but yeah
guys we're gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
anything guys so much watching hope you
enjoyed your present and I hope you wear
it true birthday crazy huh yep you guys
so much watching this video and don't
believe like each other even if you
enjoyed subscribe you're not sick it's
nice turn
take it away former Tanner
you just maybe
