what is up guys we are back and today
I'm gonna be going to my grandma's house
I'm staying the night there I know I'm
gonna have to leave you for the ow I'm
gonna have to leave you for the night
I'm sorry I came out here she was under
the trampoline throwing foam around
caught her in the act I'm gonna miss you
a whole night I know I go do some tricks
okay I gotta go mom we'll be back here
soon I'm gonna go goodbye my lover
goodbye my friend
haha let's go also I believe that I'd
convinced my grampa to let me teach him
a backflip I probably could have found a
really fit old man but I want it to be
my grandpa so he's actually my step
grandpa he's like 56 or somewhere around
there I'm not completely sure there's
mom now but I'll try to get an answer
out of him while I'm there I think we'll
be able to get him to do it and that'll
be so funny whenever he does he's
hilarious so that video will be super
funny and I dropped a pop-tart under the
seat of my car last night and I'm still
sitting down there I got to get that oh
my gosh my car is about to hit 7,000
miles I've never paid a bit of attention
to the speedometer but come on
hey that means I probably Drive too much
because I haven't had this car very long
and I already has 7,000 miles on it it
grows up so fast
hmm look at the sneeze but I can't what
are you studying for back flips Shh I
studied yesterday and I hurt myself back
I'm serious stop clapping on that song
gotta like a wet noodle how can I know
it he's been practicing it's not working
though all right guys you're good to go
start swinging all right oh I don't know
if it's gonna break what's the worst
that's gonna happen we die we die it's
so bad about that all right let's see
your longest jump I'm not gonna do this
Jesus
your turn yeah do a backflip out of it
oh you put it on your back I haven't
done this in so long I'm gonna hang
myself in the swing kick your feet over
and hang on to the chains and once
you're once you see the ground just let
go one two yeah but you forgot to let go
double
I'm about to do a backflip off my house
you ready dad now go through the roof
this is a sketchiest roof now we're
doing some real gymnast stuff get a
friend get some put penis ticket oh oh
god damn straight uh
I don't know if I can stand straight up
you just Jacob yep look Eddie oh yeah
yeah it's too high to do any flips off
of it though Oh looky there
grandpa still has the poster I gave him
I don't think I ever told you guys about
it if you have me on snapchat you saw it
a long time ago had to give him one of
the old posters he loved it still does
we're about the only go kart ride
correct does this beauty of a name red
rocket red rocket I like it this fit to
people if you want to it'll do it oh my
god parties very you go sweetie
Thanks it's gonna get cold it already is
kind of cold but once we get the wind
and the velocity of the area aerodynamic
this might wanna watch out all right hop
in
I think you need a professional
I need grandfather Stephen we need you
the key is on we got taken back in their
texplo yeah well guys we can't get it
started so I guess that's it it ain't my
fault
all right go push me no I'm kidding Ella
no I wanna die
steer and I'll push you cuz you gotta
get back up now again okay yeah
Novak you're the horsepower whatever I
got left
oh god here we go haha it's working dude
okay oh we're good dude
we've gotten that collision there
right Oh God a bird like that doing the
job you're faster than the thing itself
there we go
we got it to go we got love it
I got I don't know I'm so gonna drop
this
guy relationship go
oh and you're gonna have to get off
have some beer
my turn wait are you are you gonna film
or my filming
get rid often
give visa Jeong we're like two miles
away you prepared to just jump on I'm
ready I'm ready
Oh God I had to grab my camera ha ha ha
hey oh my god dude I forgot I had to
steer to here this is gonna be a good
thumbnail though cuz we technically did
crash alright ok let's get the Frick out
of here
maybe I shouldn't film and drive it's
easier in a car where the steering wheel
doesn't turn completely to the right
whenever you take your hands off alright
I'm gonna start it I want to pop one
really off the bed ready
oh my god what's going at this tire
now
yeah no sure okay we're in the middle of
the road
alright we're gonna see you guys back at
the house because I can't really vlog
and drive shop no you're scaring the
dirt all right call duty in real life
I'll trade ya am i aiming for that pop
can yep yeah
oh whoa okay hold on hey Jam tradie
again my ears just got concussion then
call duty Lu they're ringing a little
bit you're way over it
way over oh it jammed again I'm awesome
right beside it
why don't I suck now yeah I think you
hit it that time
how many more left in there now they're
still rounding or it ain't kicked out
yeah now you're done you look like the
guys off of Little Rascals thank you oh
boy dad I am awesome trigger finger
works pretty good you jam it - is a nerd
know it's out all right guys it's
morning now I kind of went inside and
then I didn't film anything the rest of
the night but it's morning now and I'm
just now leaving my house to go back to
my grandparents house to hang out with
my cousin's a little bit longer and I
see this there's something on it I
already read it I'll read it to you guys
a guest uh Department of Public Safety
this vehicle may be impounded if it is
not removed within 48 hours it doesn't
have any tags on it because we had to
send it back to the guy that has the
tags on it but it's still my truck
because we have the ownership of it and
it's loaded just sitting right next to
my house whatever I don't know I'm a
criminal guys there's no escaping it
yeah I'm gonna head back to my grandma's
house right now just for a little bit
longer
I love days like this out whenever it's
all gloomy and stuff it just looks super
cool out why is the cat on the food
cover right next to the water
it is chill with a capital e outside
supposed to rain today but I've got to
go prove something real quick
sweet niblets we're at the location
where I took my last Instagram picture
there's some common saying I'm not an
actual lumberjack I'm about to show you
guys today
I am oh yeah
now techniques easy gotta set backs
there and then you're bringing around
and then straight over okay you have I
took my leg off that was a warm-up swing
don't worry about it all right here we
go make your feet wide so you don't hit
your feet or your legs I mean since I
bought a truck now I have to do is cut
this wood you're next try getting that
out of there hi there you have it I am
indeed a lumberjack as well as an
official country boy so you guys can go
delete your mean comment on my Instagram
post thank you now what I got it we can
go jump on the trampoline you should do
a backflip inside of that you think it's
not too early mmm I don't know if I
could land on right now let's just
imagine he did it inside of our
trampoline there all right we're gonna
go chill in our house I'll see you guys
later all right guys well I'm heading
back home now it's always fun coming out
here to my grandma's thank you guys so
much for watching this video don't
forget to leave a like and share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to you
and I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out hey my fault
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe too fun
