what is going on guys we are back real
quick I got to show you guys my
collection of Lamborghinis because it's
just gotten to that point one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten and
then there's a Ferrari over there you
guys made this happen today is Black
Friday where they go shopping and
everything's like a little bit cheaper
and we decided that we wanted to do
mattress flips but the problem is I only
have this mattress and that mattress so
we're gonna have to go buy more and
maybe we'll get them cheaper I have no
idea because the other two mattresses I
own are at the bottom of my foam pit
tried to make it softer didn't really
work those are ruined
don't look hard me I sound like a mad
haha we're gonna go buy mattress doesn't
do mattress session again okay goodbye
I'm very surprised no one has stolen
those trampolines yet all right we're at
the mall I don't know how much
mattresses are gonna be here I'll
probably do some flips on the mattresses
inside if there's not too many people
and I get my braces off in three days
now oh my god that feels amazing
how do we get some of this in the new
house if we get the new house I really
want to lie in the basement floor with
like 18 mattresses and then do a big
flipping session on that oh yes oh yeah
I feel like SpongeBob and Patrick right
now running through the perfume store we
can't find any mattresses and it's
bumming me out
turns out we found them okay I get a
picture yeah sure okay can you take a
picture thank you
you the slave you're doing told you my
friends no believe me I saw you just
good Oh how's it feel feels like heaven
let me try
feels good I wouldn't be making YouTube
videos if I had a bit like this I just
stay in it all day it's hard to flip on
that you think in alright let's go
alright now we're gonna go to Costco
we're gonna meet my mom there and try to
buy some mattresses because all they
sell here is beds and they're all like
five thousand or more dollars and if
they don't have that then we're just
gonna have to resort to Craigslist and
we're definitely going to get mattresses
though it's gonna happen
parkour Oh sick hi hi
she had the Costco card so we needed her
hit on the chest now ah insane fort in
the rafters just kidding they don't look
bouncy to try to help try it out oh
they're not comfy
alright I guess we can get these they're
super small though can I call this
rafter for it in Costco thumbnail
good one good enough I got it duck
dinner stop having fun I'm a child mom I
needed I've grown up too fast are you
getting all three yeah she line them up
wanna be bed for YouTube video like like
jackass or something good luck with it
thank you
onward
dang it you do know it's Black Friday
and there's all kinds of people you know
what this time last year you were buying
condoms in Walmart remember it's like
Black Friday right now so there's a ton
of people here buying condoms okay this
one was more my size
what about you where's the three-inch
just small ones on the way out the lady
was like did you mean to grab three
mattresses no I thought it was just one
big one thank you any more SAS like that
and never shopping here again you'll be
Walmart to me okay I hate Walmart I
kicked me out for nothing you about to
throw back foot no those are the shirts
we still haven't donated oh no no mine
those are the trash ones we have donated
the other ones okay I would turn them on
their side and just slide them in there
you are the expert
whatever you say go world's biggest
skateboard and jump
nollie kickflip 540 pop shuvit
yeah
hey all right we're gonna go home now
water bottle trick shot bottle bottle
check check
oh yes go get it did you come within the
heck of it be smell fresh that one
smells like rose whenever she was a
puppy it smells really bad
go buy a mat I also don't have the
yellow pads anymore because half of them
are on the phone pit got ruined half of
them are chewed up by rows so we're kind
of out of luck there
we're just going to have to go get
cushions from downstairs on the couch oh
that's like a freaking Rock love it all
right Quentin are you doing it first
we've got the ultimate mattress set up
here I mean I don't know the back flips
on the two flipper me too ready I'll do
a gainer okay how we doing back look am
I gonna hit that yeah do this oh
this is a very bouncy I'm gonna guys hey
yeah
well next time li t Sam hi we have the
ultimate castaway setup here thanks for
all the pillows mama I need a bass drop
Dylan
oh why didn't I do it
next time I'll double bounce you but
back flip are you proud mom who got
matter we were too loud at night yeah we
had potential and you did believe it oh
I wasn't holding that down where does
expenses like your father usual I got I
could double needle brunch it run -
Adele back shelves yeah before I
freaking realize I'm getting a feeling
I'm so close to the Tsui
I don't double back before up here so
here it is not like this that was like
no effort I'll get a good angle of my
death
we need to put all these brothers
rock-hard foam pit and diet yeah I'm
gonna go do one more thing real quick
since I watched the meetup video I got
inspired so I want to go see if I can
still do a couple tricks see my base
drop here real quick
Oh
world's lowest backflip
Wow that frickin hurt I'm going inside
so it's that time of day yeah thanks for
your help no problem but uh are you
ready for Christmas rose hey just hang
out with me am I not good enough for you
thank you
thank you what'd you do what'd you do
are you eating that I know you're eating
that I see you haven't been using your
bed as much what's going on I think you
got the nicest doggie bed anyone could
ask for
I know you want to go inside what's
going on come on come on go go go go go
get in get in
put her on the mattress see if she wants
to do some flips back flip Photoshop
get up here dummy huh don't one are you
gonna do it are you gonna do it you
already did it once come on do hardcore
again still a flat G day yeah I missed
it yeah happy Lord master buh-bye mom
I'm going to the Y right now with
Quentin guys look what I just found
how many of you guys remember this hat
the dope hat that I got in fan mail a
really long time ago I have not won the
thing in forever it's just been in my
car I missed you I guess I'll wear it
tonight
like I said we're about the head of the
gym I'm not gonna work out I don't work
out I tried for a little bit but I just
rather do YouTube because it's way more
fun to me I just never got into it so I
mean but I'll still go because I have
nothing else to do right now on this
drive here I'm starting to smell like
people's chimneys and stuff like the
smoke from their fires I don't know
about you guys but I love that smell
like Christmas is probably one of my
favorite times of the year I used to
hate the cold whenever I was little
because all I wanted to do was be on the
trampoline and that like prohibited me
from doing that but I really liked it I
really really hope that we get to spend
Christmas in this new house still not
sure if we're going to be able to we
made an offer on the house I still don't
know like what this situation is we
thought it was a little bit overpriced
we're waiting to hear back from them if
we do get the house you guys will
definitely be seeing a lot of awesome
videos there I'll probably do an indoor
trampoline video and a lot of people are
like oh why would you want to move out
of your current house there's so many
memories and everything well but that's
the thing like you have to make new
memories and I think it'll be a great
thing for everybody so so like I said
it's still not official but but whenever
I find out if we're gonna be able to get
it or not I will let you guys know and
I'm gonna quit vlogging and driving now
because I'm a good driver now okay
don't even speed on camera to the gym
bro oh look who finally showed up yeah
turns out working out is not for me and
I'm gonna go home and go to bed
I plan on videoing a lot more with the
mattresses but I just didn't end up that
way the old mattresses I used to use
were a lot bouncier and I couldn't
really do any good tricks so I still
hope you guys enjoyed it and thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave like and share with friends if
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out it's
already fading for me
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
