what is going on guys Dylan is here he
just told me there's some packages on my
porch that isn't my porch
those are my stairs I feel as if this
might be a trampoline probably a
trampoline let's leave it for now I was
told that a trampoline was being sent to
me so that would make sense I already
know Rose is chilling in the foam pit so
you like the foam pit again dude look
this pads disappearing slowly what you
been doing out here ready to go inside I
know it's a bit chilly let's go come on
hey Taylor oh yeah just leave my fridge
wide open bro you're paying the electric
bill hey Dylan Oh
Tristan's home fine I didn't hit your
drink you're welcome I have to show you
the new logo I made for the pop sockets
it's so freakin funny hold up but here
we are
is that not perfect I mean come on so
it's gonna be that one and then there's
gonna be the Braun gar supply Co one as
well just like the one that was on the
shirts from last time and I don't have a
picture of the ugly Christmas sweaters
you guys want to see him whenever they
come out but it'll be worth it so I
still haven't come up with a new intro
for myself I mean I read through the
comments a lot of them were whatsup run
guardians but that's just like like
everyone would do that if they had that
name you know my sister told me not to
so I can't I don't like it we're about
to go eat some taco bill guess what
shirt I'm wearing today Taylor there it
is the playboy shirt I think we're going
to do a peel box opening today what do
you say jerk face thanks let's see how
many packages we got I dressed up for
the occasion
so I just went to the desk and got the
rest of these there's a lot more should
be a good video I'm gonna need your help
we're gonna go ahead and go pick up a
lot of ramen noodles and then we're
gonna put them in my bathtub and then do
the peel box opening in the bathtub
inside the ramen noodles we already did
it on my roof we already did it in a
normal bubble bath next one's gonna be
ramen noodles on top of a roof dude your
eyes look like that
I didn't drop any jackin dumpling you
okay these are twelve packs of each how
many things we need I'll just grab like
five more we should be good oh yeah
brother oh yeah all right it's time
perfect Quentin is on his way over if
you guys were wondering so I will have
the whole crew he was sleeping before
but he woke up yeah that was funny
asleep that would have been funnier if
you were asleep God dang it
Wow how do you sleep so much guys I
think we did it I think we have the
ultimate ramen noodle setup here we're
ready to rumble jinkies
so we have a hundred and twenty one of
these bad boys and then we have one
hundred twenty one of these bad boys
we're gonna follow these in a bowl and
then we'll dump them in of course we got
to have that chicken flavor I mean it
wouldn't really be legit can realize
your fans know I didn't join hundred and
twenty over there somebody got my bag
you made me out to be a liar is there
just something you're ok with yeah
and overlooked or spanking oh hey no
prob going test without sweaty shit out
put it out
oh you gotta bet all that over there
Quinn's got to go home sadly so it's
just gonna be me and Dillon oh it feels
so good I know it's hot do it now it
goes dude oh yeah Wow guys if they'll
get it first dirt off are you sitting
like foot you know how is so hard oh
bloody right way we're gonna die in here
- it feels good now death by ramen
noodle bath get it if this 100 feels
weird dude it's still hot no you're
lying better I know it does goodnight I
like these shorts I shouldn't wear a but
I'm going through the water oh oh this
like a hot tub now no frickin it feels
perfect good this isn't funny
you guys open pack oh it's hot Oh God Oh
God I kind of want to open this big one
first and get out of the way this one is
from Jionni Jionni I think okay it's a
box inside of a box another totally real
iPhone a spongebob ball he matches the
ramen noodles it's getting hot in here
dude it's hot in here so take off all
your xxx off actually big stuffed animal
sharks there is a ton of stuffed animals
in here oh my god yeah good time
fuzzy dice oh if there was two of these
I put them in my car a wallet a rainbow
ball a dog on a keychain with a suit on
is this a hamburger bacon bacon
cheeseburger I think I think oh I like
it I like it a lot thank you
cookies back down here my mom calling me
yeah it's a bad time or hold on let me
open this it's completely empty there's
literally nothing in here
all right this is from Japan for one
guys but they say minato-ku Tokyo dude
this is getting in my cut and it burns
the seasoning was a bad ideas person
from Tokyo is named John McCready you
guys thought I only took bad with
Quentin that you were wrong what is it
all right oh no I I think it in the car
I bet it's a Rain Bird skini
hello oh no what is this Chuckie Cheese
they find a 500 yen
Ivan her again that's uh Japan money
they stopped it in there so I can't get
it out has my name on it stuff that's a
lamborghini gallardo sucks the same in
colour yeah this is awesome
I'll stick that in there thank you John
from Tokyo Mattox gamble gave in this
this one has my name all over it and
duct tape golilong eyes a whore I'm
starting to itch I don't like it dude no
my white shorts are ruined oh well it's
just the worst idea I've ever had right
peel box opening ever let's see what
goodies we have oh god oh yeah lately
won't cheat oh oh thank you for these um
some fanart
sour twists I actually love these so
much of the warheads yeah well you
probably see that it's another line
we're getting sweet this is either a
banana or something else I'm not sure we
got a PEZ dispenser with no Pez just a
shotgun and here's a first duck call I'm
definitely gonna go into my brother's
room every morning with this now and go
I'm gonna sit back in it I need my skin
to burn this is part of the challenge
this is from Hayden I canceled the other
name this one is from Eden this one says
do not let quit and open this one yeah
duct tape pokeball yeah ain't no freakin
way
anyway where's that on the lever Gator
that you got oh no no the first one is
the salmon colored one the exact same
one
no it's the exact same one but it
doesn't have any writing on it or money
now I have twins
thank you my butt cheek is burning I
seriously wanna get out of here oh gosh
Thank You Ethan
I I wonder I want to read all these but
I can't because I'm burning right now
then read let's check it out Ben's a
Ferrari and it's controllable with this
little remote I don't want to test it in
my bathtub so I'll have to try that out
later these people knew what we were
doing they knew no this isn't ramen
noodles um dibs and dibs
I want to put these invite
do them so my name is Jake junker I live
in a small town in Illinois I sent you a
lot of ramen noodles because you're
awesome don't share with Quentin and I
really like the people box you did in
the bath because it was hilarious I love
your videos I hope to make my own
someday
well thank you this is very generous I
can't explain the feeling of my feet
right now
first off white I hate clowns and the
clown things over okay what the hell is
that I don't know it's like there's a
Connors a condom with something coming
out it's a pickle it's a pickle
dude there's confetti coming out this
one is from Marcus Borough I see some
sort of fluffy thing another emoji
pillow this is awesome thank you it's
fun oh god no I got some wrong new one
don't say you the rest of their whey
protein oh this is when I met them on
omegle they printed it off a corner it
smells bad in that box there's a potato
deflated basketball you're opening a
bunch of nasty ones over there oh that's
not the trash you just look at my skin
it's becoming red you can see it does
this count as an emoji pillow huh
that's a hat it's a hat this one's from
Sarah Garcia some broken candy oh she
gave you some skittles do this is huge
thank you that's a little lemur sanic
another technic with no freaking wheels
oh I remember these didn't shake them to
clear it I'm gonna draw a pee-pee I told
you I would oh my own youtube black t
tan yeah Kenya Kenya Damien hey Tanner
what's up my name is Cameron I'm from
Boulder Colorado I hope you like this
Lambo you can add it to your collection
please open this on camera stay cool
from Cameron this is very beautiful
we're sitting in limbo you got no scene
save it Oh God sent me a yellow Lambo I
don't have a yellow one yet so thank you
ooh you got him away what were you
thinking what's up going to send them
tech decks today for tub of bleach we're
in the bathtub right now dear Tanner
I've been watching your videos from
3,000 subscribers to 1 million four
hundred ninety thousand 105 subs you've
inspired me to start flipping I asked
for a trampoline for Christmas and I
know how to do a front-flip
please keep doing YouTube PS put me in
the vlog there you go buddy thank you
this is a bunch of candy or light
I can tell I spread your little duo
kindness' are so good i literally just
ran out of these in my rooms then we
have a bunch of candy oh I can't wait to
get out of this bathtub like I'm not
even kidding it hurts so bad
oh god let me out of here hey look one
gigabyte so one half of a video thank
you
we're surrounded by fan mail how do we
get out of here I will talk to you guys
once we get out of this mess pray for me
well guys it's dark now and here's what
the bathtub looks like we tried to get
it all here's the trash can my face
burns really badly I guarantee I have so
much acne after this probably my worst
idea for a peel box but I hope you guys
enjoyed it I didn't thank you guys so
much for watching this video don't
forget to leave a like and share with
your friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one peace out real quick before I
go like I can't see you guys are what I
look like at all but I've put in the
colored contacts finally and the
pokeballs because someone sent me a
pokeball to make my eyes water I can't
see anything I can see the light but
that's about it
and HEPA cement as well came and soon
well I'm gonna think these outages are
starting to burn my eyes peace
fuck you came in looking like that you
just maybe
