what's going on guys so today I was
sitting here editing my video and my
brother calls me and he's like your
pizza's here well I didn't order a pizza
hello I didn't order a pizza did someone
pay forever did I just order here no
I've got a quite pronounced that was
like the last name wrong guard yeah I
didn't order any pizza though okay so
I'm sorry
I mean I can buy it if you want if you
want it what is it 61 68 not really
sorry
who ordered $60 worth of Pizza and why
my house I mean if you paid for it I'd
take it but first someone he's a fish I
know right
I'm gonna have to call PETA and tell
them like don't ever bring pizza to my
house well that was weird
hopefully no pizzas will be dealt in the
new house I've talked with my mom a lot
and I think we are getting closer to an
answer on whether or not we are going to
get the house it's looking positive
today I guess we have people coming over
for an interview no idea what kind of
questions but that should be fun I only
did one other interview and it was not
very fun it's for a magazine I'm not
sure the name but my mom would know so
go ask her also if you guys want to
order me pizza from now on could you at
least pay for it so then it wouldn't be
awkward whenever they come to my door
I'll take pepperoni just kidding
no need please stop after the interview
I need to go to the mall and I need to
pick out a new outfit something I've
never worn before and then I need to go
get my pictures taken for the sign
posters that I talked about yesterday I
forgot to ask you guys how was your
Thanksgiving break going I'm guessing a
lot of you guys are on Thanksgiving
break because we just got on it but yeah
pretty slow day in the brown guard
household I already knew quads in to
open tonight tanner
gonna throw some quads for us today nice
guys can test out a rock-hard foam pit
if he's like I would just like jump into
it or do a single flip all right that
went well I think
harro I was very confused when I came
over excited oh yeah I didn't tell him
we're about to go to the mall like I
said I gotta go get a new outfit my hair
doesn't look great today but we'll work
through it I'll put signing bleach
bottles in the vlog oh these are full
official bleach signature it's harder
than you think okay these are really
curved a bottle kind of the worst one
but yeah so if you guys didn't know I
actually bought this car with the
intention of a nice holder for my lens
and my hair product you know what you'd
give me what Oh woody you made that joke
about 14 times before I did all right
let me let me just put on a quick tune
let's get the show on the road
you know what we're gonna play some and
play some old school
so this morning my mom came down to my
room and she told me that I need to go
to my P o box because the guy that works
there said that my mail is like piling
up so that means I need to do a peel box
opening soon hasn't even been a week I
don't think I don't think they've ever
called me before so we should have some
good stuff
I trust where should we do our next one
uh-hmm
we've already done the roof we've
already done my bath we can do it in our
rock-hard nasty infested foam pit coming
down below of where we should do our
next peel box opening amateurs drive
around and do it it'd be one person but
sure there's traffic again probably from
the same reason as last time we should
have learned a lesson to go around
the call machine awesome to call machine
I'm gonna find a motorcycle again get
their license plate if you missed it it
says FAP on it I wonder if she knows
that's what it says I'll get that Mouse
yeah when I was leaning out the window
with the camera I looked at the driver
and she was pointing at me there's the
motorcycle oh my god only has two wheels
hey mister hey they're probably gonna be
like what is he doing oh that's all
motorcycle blues are ha ha Oh as y'all
know we leave it your risky your risky
mr. kair that's how I made it to where I
am today
I was
midnight the next day I know
oh yeah
guys do not buy ugly Christmas sweaters
because I like I said mine's coming out
soon we also might be doing pop sockets
soon not sure I'll let you guys know
guys I have an idea
the escalators gave me the idea we're
going to try to do handstands up them we
can both do handstands cuz we used to
have handstand contests like two years
ago we put text each other
I got 39 when you do a video where we go
to the mall and you flips on the
mattresses here don't steal that so far
I have this thing I need something with
a little pizzazz
do I have an adidas hoodie you're like
13 minutes I kind of like this one still
is it a keeper I'm gonna need a small
dad oh wait wait which one do you want
oh this one smells like the sauna in
here
put the hood back on no no no all the
way you look like to do from the
Assassin's Creed a little big but it's
the smallest they're gonna have a bet I
need to tie my shoe
this is how you reach the top shelf when
you're below six-foot Sol PFF oh oh go
this one's a keeper
so are you one more then we'll go on to
the next place
now this is cozy let's get out of here
guess what we're getting for Quentin
this is an impulse buy here's a clip if
you don't understand it look at the top
of his head you get enough just a
playboy shirt to end it off alright guys
we are here when I let my bags go
oh you soon
it's harder than it looks okay
okay it shouldn't fall no I'll let you
do it
Oh car do you want to go no I wouldn't
watch okay why
you got it you got it
I'll give it one more try
well minute number 19 I'm trying to find
the exit good you can't feel that has a
lock right there oh that's why I wanted
for my room okay well not leave it I
seriously did it you can I know I know
I'm stealing your hook stop we ended up
buying more clothes than we needed we
also bought some letters already there
all right guys this is a mole life hack
okay someone comes up to you is being
real annoying they're like take one of
our samples all used to do is say no
hablo English puta that last word is
very important you to say that one loud
we went to a Donald see how I scream I
did he hasn't noticed we left them all
all right I redid my hair cuz it looked
really bad
Mike you fool stop oh it's foggy I
switch lenses all by myself because I'm
a big boy now all this looks wait if
guys I go much farther this one zooms
too far alright we are here now can take
some real cute pics real one alright we
are chasing the sunset I don't have time
to record anything so here's the
pictures holy crap Quinton made me laugh
for 30 minutes straight so I think we
finally got the pictures and now we're
headed home who want to play a game hold
on we're in play spot the difference oh
poor your female viewers hold on you
can't see it yet go go better fit I
didn't try it on beds like a charm
actually does I'm gonna wear this to the
Y you better not ever take that off
chests a today fellas
bye-bye what goodbye shut up yes that
sled is still in my front yard Oh mom
hey I got some real cute pics yeah yeah
thanks sweatshirt Thanks well guys that
is basically for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it another vlog another
daily vlog on that run that we fooled
around all day long we're gonna get pop
sockets out soon right probably be
December 13th we will they will ship
them to us on the 13th which means we
would get them within a few days after
that so if we're gonna get a store set
up soon we'll get pre-orders going and
hopefully we can have some sent by
Christmas so that means you guys will
have to preorder them whenever I tell
you that they are available and then we
will try to get them sent out as soon as
possible and I don't know when that is
so I will update you guys later but I'm
gonna go watch some American Dad like
usual yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video don't forget to
leave a like and share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys a next one peace out I
have no pants on what is up I did not
order any pieces this is the second time
this has happened today if you could put
my address on a list of people that
cannot get Pizza ordered to them that'd
be great alright yeah no it's fine sorry
- you guys you bought it for us this
time
oh sure DM me okay thanks buddy say
you're just like follow me on Instagram
just like okay bye
hey earlier I said pepperoni thank you
thank you yeah well thanks for the
dinner but please quit
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
