what is going on guys I'm really tired
and it's really early in the morning
I've been up since 5:00 a.m. because I
know I just couldn't go back to sleep I
really really need a new intro like I
say hey what's up guys and I feel like
that's like the most boring thing ever
so leave a comment down below what I
should change you to because I really
want to change him and in yesterday's
video I was really like bland over if
we're gonna move or not and I've talked
with my mom and I don't know if we're
actually gonna move there's probably a
good chance that we are going to move
even though I do love this house and I
have like my dream set up right here and
it'd be a huge pain to move it
especially throughout the holidays and
stuff but we all do want to move I'm not
sure when we will move we don't know
when my brother's gonna move out if you
guys didn't know my brother's 18 my
sister's not moving out for a long time
I don't even know when I'm moving out I
don't know if I want to move out right
when I'm 18 or if I want to stay at home
all I know is that I want to travel and
meet new people
yeah I thought I'd let you guys know
that we're not gonna be like moving
within the next few weeks it's just not
gonna happen but I think my sisters
stayed home sick today from school I
know she wasn't feeling good yesterday
she's not asleep I'll probably go buy
doughnuts for her totally guys we would
kind of clean are you feeling better
good I'm gonna go get some doughnuts do
you want time you're gonna eat the
doughnuts good night here's this for
when you change your mind Thanks
everyone likes doughnuts
good night another thing I didn't talk
about earlier because I didn't know if
he'd want me to say anything about it or
not
Tanner Fox sent me a snapchat in like
4:00 in the morning and for some reason
I was up and I checked my phone and it
was him in the hospital and he had like
blood on his neck like dry blood and he
said that he shouldn't be alive and I
asked him what had happened but he was
asleep I guess so I just didn't say
anything about it I just tweeted out
like praying for him but then he posted
on Instagram that he had actually gotten
in a car crash I don't know if it was in
his GTR I don't know who he was with you
guys probably know all about it by the
time this videos up it's just such a
crappy situation but that just goes to
show like you're not invincible and
don't take your life for granted and
just that's part of the reason I've
slowed down on flips because I don't
want to end up getting hurt like some
people don't have that fear but I
definitely do and I want to be able to
have a family someday and I want to be
able to walk still but yeah that's just
such a horrible situation hopefully
he'll get better soon I believe you will
but today I'm actually going to be going
to a trampoline park with Quinton this
one's called gay air and it's the one
that we used to go to all the time like
a few years ago I haven't
in a really long time like maybe a year
we're probably going to go there and
mess around because I don't have
anything else to do last time I went in
to get air they told me I couldn't film
in there because there was too many kids
which makes no sense to me whatsoever
but we're gonna try to have some fun
today I still want to go out and do
stuff because I know my videos recently
have all been at home I guess
yesterday's video we went to another
person's home that might be ours really
hope it is also I get my braces off in a
week finally going to have these
Fricker's off they said two years and
it's been like two years and four months
or something like that so not that big
of a difference but I still really want
them off I've also been instructed that
I can tell you guys about the
merchandise that we're releasing there's
only gonna be two things that we're
releasing we're going to be doing an
ugly Christmas sweater thing it's going
to have like Kate Upton and bleach and
trampolines on this stuff and it's gonna
be really funny on then I'm gonna be
back flipping on it so that'll be for
like the Christmas theme and then we're
also doing like signed posters you guys
can buy them and then I'm gonna have to
spend a day signing posters then I'll
let you guys know whenever they're up
because I still am not sure I'm guessing
it should be around the beginning of
December but I'm not sure so be on the
lookout I also still don't have an
update on the lights on my car because
the guy hasn't called me back yet it's
looking like it's not gonna happen
before Thanksgiving speaking of
Thanksgiving I'm gonna probably be the
only youtuber that's not having like a
Thanksgiving dinner because all my
family's going to the other side of
their families so I'm pretty sure we're
doing nothing can I can I come over to
someone's house please yeah hopefully I
get the lights on soon I really want
them on it's taking a little while but I
definitely can't install them by myself
I don't know how to do that so I'm gonna
let him take his time he's going No dang
it could you start it no we're stuck in
traffic in Kansas this never happens
I didn't think there was going to be
anybody to get air but now schools gonna
be out so maybe there will be some
people I was going to try to get kicked
out but if it's only us then they're not
going to kick us out they're gonna let
us do whatever we want so I'm off to
save that for another video
bummer razzle checks
Wow greenlight first freaking time we're
going 20 in the 55 guys this place is
freaking hacked
oh my god we're not getting in yo
there's a bottle on the ground over
there you want to go reenact the
breakaway bottles
yeah sort of bottle technically is
Mitchell has toes watering I don't even
know if this place is still in business
cuz like nobody goes here because it was
like a better one in town now yeah I'm
not afraid to say that because I asked
him to sponsor me whenever I had like
15k and they said no stupid actually
business mmm now I don't want your visit
I wonder if they miss me help there's
people inside that means they're in
business yeah our waivers are expired
that means we haven't been here in over
a year he's calling his mom because he
doesn't know his mom's birthday sometime
in February okay what's your birthday
I'm filling out a waiver and I need your
birthday okay can you just say like
month year day day by just a 20-second
dip to do filling this out as my mom it
won't let me write my signature it just
Scrolls on the page but it lets me make
dots alright there's my signature that
just proves that you don't have to
actually put a signature so used to be
$12 per hour but now they force you to
buy these socks now it's expensive
uncalled for oh yeah oh yeah do you hear
these songs this thing's been open for
like three years and these the same
songs that play rope is still ghetto as
ever I wish it was this empty like two
years ago whenever I was interesting on
TV no but that work is a noose or not
yeah I've tried it okay cool it worked
you got it not that he's got it
oh the muscles the hard works paying off
when should I grab it to slow you down
okay break it guys he's not actually
hanging himself was that a Claude yes
all the foam is deteriorated and I have
it in my eyes rolling I'm rolling in the
air oh hey Tanner what I'm ready to go
home
me too
what is about to actually do something
amazing
hey my inner triggers about to come out
I do it that was crazy dude
dude your ticker again good um follow
his Instagram tanner - the underscored
run guard
my lady I'm just trying to sit here and
you quit I'm gonna get over there and
two jumps
ah
um that's cheating no ready
I'm about to try a castaway off this
tiny wall we're in the ninja obstacle
course right now are you Tarzan ready
I'm gonna do it line I suck the thing
got harder over time believe it or not
they like deflated it I know he's about
to go on American Ninja Warrior right
actually I'm about to go on a nap I
actually don't know if I can do this
come on one of those muscles do you want
every show they're up for performance
the balls need to quit swinging okay
story time guys in sixth grade when me
and Tanner were blackops probes people
would always call it squeakers and we
said our balls drop so low we had to cut
them off yeah I can't do this it's hard
I guess we can do 1v1 dodgeball shut up
I'm gonna get you out dude I'm gonna get
you you better watch out oh dude you
dodged it I'm gonna go do a triple
backflip so people can go depressing
music is not the way to do a triple
backflip yeah neither is copyrighted
music thanks get air I'll do the slowest
double-cross fool I can
I just felt some water and it's either
sweat or it's my phone hit because mine
in scrubs why are we here we have our
own phone pit yeah well on this one the
box go in when you touch over the phone
here as soon as you touch it I like to
sprays into little particles and as you
can see it tends to get in your eyes and
smell lungs butthole it's tugging on my
leg hairs ready about to show you guys
my best flip best one ever
yes okay
do get out of there you know I'm coming
in come on dude it's the swaggin Sox to
help get you out yeah true
thanks get air
dude it says do not jump on red you got
it man
whoo
for your female viewers catch I mean for
my female viewers Oh slim hey these are
my old flipping friends they saw my
snapshot of the ceiling then they came
here Lane and Logan right yeah I love
your shirt bro I should have wore my
dude thicker
what that's a second trick here I miss
being good let's remember these
trampolines are bad okay
his third trick he's about to do three
flips yo almost lankan you gotten so
good that's awesome
I'm out of breath all right Tanner left
we're gonna see if he notices I moved
his camera he's stupid
goodbye young gentlemen we'll miss you
that was kind of fun but now I'm tired
and I want to go home so that's exactly
what we're gonna do but the thing is
like my parking is good so I can do what
I want yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video don't forget to
leave a like and share with your friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
