so mom are you you ok after yesterday's
video yes I'm ok why would I not be ok
I mean you lost really bad that I beat
you in your car sure sure you guys wanna
see some magic
kept by em so you want me to do the
magic trick in here so this is all Queen
yes please when it's clean do bad why
would we clean this house it might not
be ours
I forgot what are you doing huh you're
never at home anymore what are you a
grown woman I was only gone free mojo my
going for a week tailor it felt like a
month whatever I'm gonna go play with my
real friend what's up what's good huh Oh
fine fine be that way
so I'm guessing a lot of you guys are
really confused when you clicked on this
video and you're like why would you ever
want to move out of your house you have
like an amazing setup with the nasty
foam pit and the two trampoline there's
actually a third one on its way I used
to have three actually I used to have
four basically there's just a lot of
problems with where we live right now
for one my address has been leaked for
months okay we have a lot of people
showing up just last night okay I was
backing out of my driveway to go get
mcdonalds at midnight and my car beeper
thing you know whenever you're backing
up you know if you close to something
your car beeps well mine did that I was
like what the heck nothing's behind me
the trees all the way over there my
truck is over there so so confused there
was a person behind me okay I was like
what are you doing like I almost hit
them there's actually a problem with
selling this house I don't know how many
people want a house with a brick and
giant hole in the backyard with nasty
foam I mean your bed I'm glad don't get
me wrong I love this house by far my
favorite house that I've ever lived in
with my mom there's just a lot of other
things that make us all want to move
like she needs more room because exactly
I'm about to prove the point okay these
neighbors right here the murders yes I
saw that video apparently they had
someone live with them
they killed three people or was involved
in it they have this big black dog right
every time we let Rose out at night show
go right over to there and she'll just
fight and bark with that dog all night
long and it's super annoying and then we
can't bring her inside in her kennel cuz
then she'll bark and whatever else and
if you guys don't know my mom is a super
super light sleeper like you go in at
2:00 in the morning be like mom she'll
be up it's so weird and we've lived in
this house for like three years which is
probably the longest we've stayed in one
house and I'm not 100% sure but I am
pretty sure that all of my family wants
to move my brother my mom my sister
everyone wants to go even Rose right
no okay I just hate having everyone know
where we live I just don't feel safe all
the time here like imagine everyone
knows where you live it's basically like
a target on your back but I don't think
anyone's gonna do anything anyway I mean
who would want to mess with me Oh God
but I'm just saying all we have is a
fence around our yard it's not hard to
get in I've walked outside before at
night that I haven't talked about any of
this because I hate like talking down on
fans or if you even can call them a fan
like people have jumped over my fence
and have been on my trampolines I've
come out because I've heard like the
springs and stuff and then they just run
and jump back over the fence like people
just do that they just walk into our
yard it's like I think because I'm like
a youtuber or something that they can
just hop over and everything that's mine
is theirs or something I just don't get
it in holy crap there's a lot of leaves
in this phone pit I did not know there
were that many yet another reason to
leave we could get actually good foam
pit in this new house I don't know
anything about this house or where it's
gonna be located we're about to go look
right now but if it has any sort of land
to it we can make a freakin trampoline
foam pit extravaganza Park hello hi see
this it's called cleaning oh this is my
toothpaste that I've been looking for
forever yeah oh yeah thank you got him
and out for like two weeks I've been
using Taylor's goodbye house forever
just kidding we kinda have to sell ours
first and stuff you think the people who
buy our house will like the glass and
stuff yeah yeah we probably shouldn't
say all the bad things about it Taylor
Taylor he locked it Wow
we can't get in dude I bet I can drift
right here and there won't be any cops
mom what we could just duct-tape our
address and make it like a permanent
censored bar
yeah we're not giving it out
public this time Oh Rose can oh hey we
don't need to get another dog Rose has
four hey there's some friends not a
garage or a second house well I get a
park inside hi dog oh go follow all your
other whoa Tristan come here all right
come out he's gay so it was funny ah
like all that room I call this one no
seriously it's mine seriously the
outside of this house looks super boring
and then the inside is like huge
there's no desk in this one why can't I
have the one with the desk because you
already have a distance tough yeah but I
have to move it hmm dude I could do so
many videos of jumping off here right
hey mom wherever we live better have a
balcony another room so this would be
your room
cool toilet lid that's a deal breaker
right there have enough closets geez
what is this well hot tub in here that's
her room ah ha ha
dude there's something growing on top of
the pool but that can be fixed I don't
think I could make the jump from here
it's too far that's a really big bummer
I could make some kind of contraption to
get out to the pool though I know it
this is pretty awesome I still want to
love the house that we choose though
because I'm only 16 and I'll still be
living at home for probably at least
another year and a half or two years
which is a long time I could probably
make it if I jumped off the roof this
could be our foam pit we have enough
foam to fill it let's go check out the
basement I've ever had the basement
could have like the entire basement
you'd have
hmm that's a cool hiding spot another
bathroom and is this a closet nope
storage room it's not that big oh yeah
yeah I don't think Rose would be able to
fit through that they have awesome hide
and seek places here though that's
pretty cool guess what mom that is
perfect double backflip height right
there to a big double door and then you
have room for all three do we get to
keep Santa Claus oh there's a way Oh
creaking them back
how's this not sold how good's the Wi-Fi
well have you seen the video of me at
Blake's where I jumped off their roof
into their pool one do you see how far I
went it's possible I guess if the
basement was mine I'd be closer to the
pool for one I don't even know what I
use this room for this should be my
whole bedroom that suck for you guys
just to be able to walk down into my
room why don't you make this because
that's scary I'd have to put curtains
over that and that's a lot of work hey
hey it has a ceiling tittie this hey
wait how many in a million usually the
floors apart you're not gonna get a
million now because you feel oh crap all
right guys on this edition of brunker
house shopping the next one we're
looking at does not have a pool oh there
goes half our clickbait this one's even
further away from society and his way
fancier but again guys no pool
it does look like a medieval castle what
is this if this is from a horror movie
do they have freaking gargoyles haha
this is so weird
all right the carpet is horribly ugly
look at the little fountain they have
down there what the heck this is so open
it's got a freakin rain forest it legit
as a greenhouse what the heck Oh
this is crazy another bathroom oh my god
guys this freakin house is insane closet
I'm guessing nope just a have casual
attic
I almost got lost up there dude holy
crap there's a pond out there and
everything this house is insane but it's
just like too old I've even looked at
this other half of the house master
bedroom right here what anna has a
fireplace about fireplace in the
bathroom this is so legit no ceiling
titties though there's a basement as
well big storage room
kind of scary oh my gosh Taylor come
look at how big this is there's a bar
fire escape
I don't know I don't really like this
house as much it's like cooler on the
outside because it's from 1860 there's
another door shelter no wine wine cellar
it smells like a church okay this is
like the oldest mom this house is from
eighteen hundred's has a wine cellar and
a greenhouse all right where's the next
house come on there's got to be one more
all house shows have three houses the
couple gets its choose from we're gonna
go look at one more what I put up to
we're gonna go look at one more I don't
think we're gonna get this one I'm using
this under the thumb now though it's the
coolest looking one and here's the last
one it looks way cooler on the other
side like on the front Taylor what do
you say right when we walked in here I
don't like it nice lender it Oh Taylor
whoa what is this for put a big book
it's for me holy crap look at this
closet you know how people say not my
president this is not my house upstairs
there is a ton of room downstairs hmm if
the other house had this floor it'd be a
perfect Castle bathroom closet something
first one is my favorite guys
all right what's good buying let's go
home we're back home and our messy home
oh yeah what's up hey we just how
shocked you'd like the first one the
most I know it will you quit hitting my
camera with your tail gonna help me with
my outro this time right she doesn't
want to help yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog pretty slow I mean we
didn't really do anything besides look
at houses but that was the point you
clicked on it you knew what was
happening but yeah thank you guys so
much for watching this video will you
give me a second don't forget to leave a
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to knew and I'll see
you guys in item peace out
you came looking like that you just
maybe check
