hey guys before we get into the video go
ahead and leave a comment down below of
who you think's going to win my mom aka
the red Camaro on the left or me the
great challenger on the right did you do
it are you sure
alright cool enjoy the video want to
come with me Rose come on we got
something to do something's in the mail
today let's go check hey this way bye
see you soon as you guys can read by the
title of this video today is a pretty
special day we tried to do this one time
already but it's going to happen today
we have a private racetrack and it's
gonna be me versus my mom and we're
racing and our cars there we go watch
out for glass you want to come check the
mail with me or do I have to do it
myself
alright I'm replacing Casey nice that
hey I got a new camera you ready to go
see it don't worry guys we're cleaning
our house today I know it was horribly
messy in my last video but oh well
new vlogging camera finally I will be
using this today and then probably this
one these two as well and I think we're
getting the drone too so we should have
all the angles for sure here's the first
one and here's the second one not too
much bigger look sharper has this little
thing that comes out it's pretty cool
does it look good I like it okay first
time using the camera bag feels pretty
good but we're about to leave to go pick
up the drone you I know thank you
everybody bye what a gentleman poof Lee
is charged cuz I left it at my grandpa's
house Quentin's gonna come along to help
film it oh boy do you bring me
McDonald's like I asked my mom left here
yeah I just no good she said call it her
whenever we leave move your arms on put
my juice boy hello mom no mom I'm sorry
hello come mom call her now
Kevin hey where you at I'm only a few
minutes out of you I don't know where
I'm going
these fries are so good today there's
something right who do you thinks gonna
win Quinton
well just by last time guys there was a
winner last time I can't tell you who it
is but let's just say me and my mom
already raced kind of are you putting
your car in manual for this stuff it's
fun in manual I don't know what I'm
doing so I'm gonna leave everything on
automatic just like in the last race and
hope for the best now let's go find my
mom and where we're going
also guys I went on Instagram today and
I went my photos off because I do that
sometimes whenever I'm really bored and
this kid wore a trunk art Supply Co
shirt for his picture day at school
and I thought it was really funny so
here's a picture of it I ended up
following the kid cuz I thought that was
really funny
I also saw there's a lot of like fake
people on Amazon selling my apparel but
that's all fake and I wouldn't want you
guys to buy that because I don't know
like the quality of it it'd probably
suck and I'm going to release more
apparel soon that's gonna be better than
anything I've released so far so yeah
guys in the future just shop from my
links in the descriptions that I will
put so you know that it's like actual
apparel that I'm releasing and you're
not getting ripped off because that
would really suck for you guys so just
don't do it we have an hour drive until
we're there what are we doing
alright we're following that guy
apparently yeah this guy's letting us to
use his airstrip for like airplanes and
such so shout out to him I don't even
know your name yet but thank you alright
we're on the track
no the one bites the dust okay lets me
square this video hope you guys enjoyed
it don't forget to leave a like share
thread if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'm just kidding yeah
we're going to the track right now we're
following that dude slowpoke haha I
think we finally found it oh gosh this
is like pretty crazy you know I don't
think they know that we switched drivers
oh yeah we subscribers cuz my freaking
Ches decided to have a heart attack so I
took a nap and now we are here okay so
it's 1/8 of a mile long trying to get
everything set up right now it is so
cold out quitting's got my sweatshirt on
I'm starting to feel sick which really
sucks in this situation but I'm still
gonna do it anyway and try to enjoy it
because I mean we drove like two hours
out here so right here's the finish line
I'm setting up this big camera down here
so we can see who wins officially we
have these cones as our finish line
we're gonna start from all the way down
there hi we're good to go down here
since the sticky pad is broken from the
last time I used it I guess I will use a
face cam we almost good to go awesome
neither is this miss alone
you
Booya boys we did did you guys believed
in me
thank you for Carter's really fast
though cuz I drove it the other day and
I thought she was gonna be me
got him alright well I'll buy you dinner
sometime dinner alright this time me and
my mom we're gonna switch cars just to
see if it makes any difference doubt it
will but
my mom's car sucks
just kidding they're both really good I
just think mine is just a bit faster for
one last thing it's gonna be me versus
Quintin I'm gonna be in my own car cuz
why not it's really fun especially when
it's legal in the cops don't come and
look at that sunset Wow
okay this time I'm gonna put it in the
sport mode we're gonna see how much more
I can beat him by
all right as you guys saw I won don't
even buy well I think that's the last
race we're gonna do for tonight it's
getting freezing cold and the Sun is
going down
oh yeah it's been freezing cold the
whole time but we wish I had my halo
lights for this but they're sitting on
the floor right up there I think we're
good
yes the link to their YouTube be in the
description crags of yours you're good
all right cool yeah so go subscribe to
them thank you so much guys for letting
us use this awesome here's a cold
handshake before I forget this thing you
do thank you guys were about to try out
this brand new restaurant
never had it but I've heard all good
things about it it's a hot we hear all
the time oh it is it's a new IHOP cool
well you guys follow me on snapchat you
know that's our go to especially past
midnight all right well I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog here because I I
want to eat but yeah thank you guys so
much watching this video don't forget to
leave like sure to friend if you enjoyed
subscribe be new and I'll see you guys
next one peace out
you came looking like that you just
maybe chick
