what's going on guys today it's a little
bit over halfway through the month of
November right pretty warm out and
Kansas still somehow it's like 80 70
degrees I don't really get it today I
wake up and it is so freakin cold out
come on Rose I'm not freakin sittin out
here
let's go come on there we go so whatever
I film today is gonna be inside because
is just way too cold out new camera
should be in tomorrow and there is
something else coming in today which is
going to be pretty awesome oh boy I'm so
freaking tired man some home alone
editing right now right I heard
something upstairs maybe it's my package
I don't know whatever alright just to be
safe my brother just left for work
actually getting out of bed I don't see
any packages keeping my knife in my
pocket just in case
come on broken fricking mailbox these
mail people hate it let's get the hell
inside just all of a sudden decided to
get freezing cold here I'm moving to
California just getting too many people
live there I think this is it kind of
pumped this is like one of the last
things I'm gonna put my room yeah yeah
like yeah dude they're freezing cold
from being outside but I'm so happy
right now I'm gonna go set these up and
then show you guys what its gonna look
like
also guys my mom comes home today and in
one of my past videos we got something
at the front door and I said I wasn't
gonna say what it was cuz my mom watches
my videos and I didn't want her to see
what it was because we're actually gonna
be pranking her with the seniors
actually I'm sorry about that that was
horrible in this box there's actually
breakaway bottles that they use for like
movie stunts I have to be really careful
with them they have to be in like the
right kind of temperature and everything
just so they don't break and the plan is
like right when my mom gets home we're
gonna have everything set up camera
setup I'll have Quentin like run out and
smash a bottle on my head and my mom
will be like so I guess I'm hanging out
here all day until she gets home for
duty I cannot wait it's gonna be so
funny and I haven't told my brother or
sister about it either I might even call
my dad over I don't know we're just
gonna try to prank as many people as
possible because I bought like 12 of
these and they're really expensive
definitely gonna put them to use
alright now let me unpack these if you
guys didn't know they're gonna be under
the call of duty perk bottles over there
alright guys I think I did it and I
covered most the courts pretty well so
it looks pretty amazing if you ask me if
you guys are called duty fans and you'll
love this if not then I mean it still
looks pretty so you might like it check
it out let me just move on to be safe so
they all look like that
turn it on so the bottles still have
dust on and stuff but at first I didn't
like the labels how you can see through
them a little bit but I think it
actually gives them the more zombie
effect because these are from black ops
zombies actually they're from like a lot
of zombies but I've wanted to do this
forever
where I'm gonna go somewhere to eat
because I'm really freakin hungry and
you know my mom's still not back yet she
gets back today so there's no food here
I don't know how to make food
I don't sleep all day if you guys watch
yesterday's vlog now you know Tristan's
a dirty liar good night what are you
doing huh I think we need to get another
dog so she can have a friend because
whenever I'm editing and stuff she gets
sad cuz I can't like have her at my feet
she still forget invites me runs around
bites everything inside and we're trying
to train her but it's hard when she has
like four different people trying to
train her oh come on you tired you cold
you have a nice coat on I don't all
right I gotta go eat I gotta go eat mer
Rose you've gotta quit it all right
we're gonna call my mom and find out
when she's gonna be home I still don't
know oh hello hel hey what time you
getting home tonight according to my GPS
probably a little before seven o'clock
cool
I effects it good it has the race track
any set we're still on for tomorrow so
everything speakit good I will see you
later okay okay bye ruff oh why do we
have to lampshades I don't know I'm
gonna have Quentin over in a little bit
and we're gonna test out the bottles
just to see like how much they hurt and
stuff we'll do a test run
I think I've heard this what is this
home I've heard this all right so
Dylan's here obviously we just had a
little concert and Quinton's on his way
and then we will test out the bottle all
right while we wait for Quentin we're
gonna shoot this bow I got in the PU box
what size shoe to that oh I don't know
in the air Katniss in her natural
habitat okay there he go he's figured it
out yep go oh god it whistles Oh Oh Bobo
Bobo that was out of my yard
you're going to get it where to go oh
boy
Oh catch it catch it rose Oh Oh a bounce
onto my roof d-rose go get it which I
try and front flip and do it right when
you land the front flip shoot straight
up don't shoot me though how about I do
backflip and shoot it goes pretty go
look right into the tree tap number two
there you go knows that was something
where to go into their yard okay guys
Courtney's here now
the plan is we're gonna sit down at my
kitchen table cuz that's just like the
most convenient place we're gonna be
sitting there and we're gonna pretend be
like getting in a fight he's going to be
like you know say some random crap and
then we're gonna act like we're arguing
and then eventually he's gonna be like
I've had enough or whatever he's gonna
slam a vase on my head my mom will be
like I was thinking you carry inside and
I carry aside that be bit safer the link
that's gonna work we might need another
oh yeah to light here's a little nothing
yeah why didn't we pull these out inside
till it's not windy and cold and then
bring him out here let's do that these
are agile Frank Yeley know says anyway
since it's cold out it might actually
hurt okay here we go just like really
light glass I feel like I could drink
out of if I wanted to I'm scared do you
think it'll hurt no don't forget hold on
it's kinda can do it but no I need it
without because I'm not gonna hit on for
the real thing they said on the thingy
not to get in your eyes so I'll close my
eyes actually hit me pretty hard so make
sure break I'll count up to three okay
one two three ah
I'll do one more of those for the video
and that is it
dude props to actors or stunt doubles
whoever does that bullcrap look at the
mess guys there we go
blue here's the blue bass yeah this is
the one that we're gonna use way it was
to be knees you push no how about your
oh gosh dang you better freaking hit it
hard buddy Shh party yeah 3 2 1 or 1 2 3
coming guys 3 2 3 oh how is it get her
off get in your hair doesn't this job
Britain gets in your hair this is gonna
be our baseball bat I found a little uh
midnight snack
alright Dylan's doing it to Quentin this
time you should act drills not even a
member start telling me how to live my
life what he does you just said dude
look here oh my god oh my gosh jackass
has done this with real bottles yeah
well like every part of my head was
getting slid open I got to change the
light bulbs in the kitchen cuz half of
them are out and we want you guys to be
able to see well shouldn't we just use
these like save some glass there's a lot
of dead bugs in here so my brother
already knows about the bottles so we
can't prank cam but we're gonna go to my
sister's friend's house right now and
we're gonna try to prank my sister I
feel like I'm gonna be focusing so much
on it hurting whenever you hit me I'm
gonna sit still I give the bottle yeah
okay we're here nosh I call her and tell
her to come out hey we're outside will
you come outside because I want you I
want to put you in my video all right
we're good to go oh we're bringing the
the whole crews here hi Taylor
oh dude you wanna turn yo what up it's a
very model oh yeah you got to clean your
driveway now by the way that's a nice
thing right dude we're doing it to mom
so don't tell her okay there's glass in
my shirt now alright hopefully you guys
can hear me alright the mics like all
covered up in a coat right now but we
just come up with the twist ending it's
gonna be really funny to have to you'll
have to watch to find out but my mom
will be here any minute we have all
three cameras set
I think we're almost good to go
hopefully we don't screw up her lines
I'm creeping out the window currently
waiting for her to pull up she has to
open the garage door to get in I've had
this plan for a really long time so
hopefully hopefully it works
I think she'll believe it mean Quentin
like never fight but I think she's
coming I saw lights
and nope not her dang it guys she said
seven o'clock it's 7:20 and my cameras
have been recording for a bit too long
I don't like it start with yours I think
she's here I saw a light and yep she's
home do it one song here alright
and please telling us one thing clean
anything when we please just it down
first beautiful knowledge okay he thinks
he should have his Lincoln everywhere
since I'm filming it in everybody like
he's in the video yeah he's not getting
it's fine but I'm not kidding nobody
seriously to me even more am I like in
this room like how our deal right
his biggest videos I was in he won't go
out again because all you wanted in it
but they literally change you you little
yourself okay
Oh
gg-get a lesson that man never not
seriously do you think you'd like to be
in this tree I know better but I like
going to my kitchen
Wow you know what really makes me happy
you know get off with all this pretty
link stuff so Brown oh really
you're sweeping this up no mom what what
was going through your mind they're full
of bleep why would you think that
because I knew you two bull fight all
the time I was like I know that too well
if you fight you fight like
boyfriend-girlfriend like stop you're
not right because we everybody we are
dating all right well thanks for being
such a great sport
what a horrible reaction now I can't
post it all right well I guess that's it
for this video that second one you hit
me with really freaking hurt but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this I got to go
clean all that up you're gonna help me
right if my links in the description
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
and share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out
you know freakin your jacket of it on
this Wow Wow got it
we are almost done cleaning it up and
here's what we have yeah that took
forever all right so I realized I never
got a slow-motion shot the bottles even
though we broke a lot of them so I'm
here to have my mom break the last one
over my head we found one more and it's
freaking cold so this one's really gonna
hurt yeah oh damn well that one hurt
are we done thanks for watching
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe check
