what is going on guys today I'm on my
floor because that's where I slept last
night you guys ever have that thing
where your beds just too comfortable so
you just sleep on the floor cuz I
experienced that last night but I am up
bright and early because my dog makes it
that way every morning still ever though
but today I'm going to be going to Best
Buy I need to get a new camera the
camera I'm filming on is my go-to it's
my favorite if you guys don't know what
it is it's a Canon 70d with a rode
videomic on it and a 10 to 22 millimeter
Canon wide-angle lens I don't know where
it is right now but I have an extra
camera this is it's just like this tiny
little thing you know it has a little
screen right here it's top pretty good
for vlogging but the thing is like the
audio on this is just not good and I
know some people like Roman Atwood and a
few others they put like a wind cover on
top of it right there so it makes it
sound better but but I don't know I just
don't like that camera very much so I
don't use it very much I'd rather carry
around the bigger heavier camera and it
just looks like a really really good
camera sounds really good and I think
I'm gonna pick that up today
I just want a vlogging camera that's
lightweight that is like amazing that
one was pretty good it did me good for a
long time but I think I'm gonna pick
that up today and then I will do the
rest of the video on that hopefully Best
Buy has it because a lot of the times I
go to Best Buy and then I don't have a
camera there then you have to like order
it in and blah blah blah
hopefully that is not an issue I'm just
gonna leave my bet head all day long as
well because my hair doesn't look
horrible also I'm not sure if I told you
guys this but I kind of got like a
ticket what's going on guys currently
getting pulled over I guarantee I'm
about to get my first ticket and yeah
he's about to countersue
that back
license which you probably won't be
needing for a while
I hope you learned your lesson well it's
not really a ticket but it's kind of
ticket I have to go in and like prove to
them that I have insurance on my vehicle
and then I think I get it appealed and
won't go on my record or anything so
about to go do that but I'm going to
Best Buy first yeah thankfully it's not
a ticket because I do not want one of
those in my record get out of bed it's
almost noon go to work I was at work and
I'm back
bad bad we've been laying in my mom's
bed since she's been gone cuz it's
really comfy but this kid sleeps all day
long literally you were almost asleep on
the couch five minutes ago yeah so
freaking tired up till 2:00 I was up
when you were high you know I'll come
back for this I'll just set it somewhere
where Rose can't get it perfect I never
thought if I was going to get in trouble
while driving it would be in my truck I
thought it'd be in this for sure oh well
one bad thing about this new phone my
car is little thing is right here where
you set your phone at right this thing
is it's like perfectly fit but this
thing eventually is going to stop
working because it like it smashes it
against it that kind of sucks and I also
can't talk my phone but this is one of
my new favorite songs because new phase
Banks's he's in faze clan obviously and
he made a video talking about like why
he's been gone he didn't make videos for
like a year because he went through a
lot of stuff and he played this song at
the end of his video and I just watch
the whole video I thought it was really
good so this is like one of my new
favorite songs now
nothing has changed
see perfect example going into Best Buy
it'd be nice to have the camera that I'm
going into Best Buy to buy I feel as if
I've been in here a lot recently okay
this looks like it
Sony hey there's the current camera
these are cool as well so I came in here
for a camera and left with about
everything besides a camera I needed a
new camera bag because I have a crappy
backpack that smashes my microphone
whenever I use it and this is just a new
gorillapod because my current gorillapod
really sucks and falls over all the time
and then I got a suction cup things and
I could put like GoPros on my car and
stuff and the camera will be in Saturday
or Sunday I almost just drove away with
my camera on top of my car oopsies I
should probably stop going on the best
bikes I always buy a bunch of random
crap I acquittance on his way and then I
guess we're gonna go back home I got to
go run by the ticket place so that'll be
fun but yeah now I can store my camera
properly
I got a pepperoni pizza at the gas
station check this out there's some
pepperoni to the top they screwed me
okay the rest of its cheese that's bull
crap also if you don't drink Gatorade
like this if you get the round normal
bottles what are you doing with your
life okay this is the only way to go
alright real quick we're gonna test out
the little sticky pad because I bought
the GoPro sticky pad thing I want to see
if it works hopefully I can hold but
let's try it out try what
alright so it has like this little screw
and thing I forgot how much this was but
comes with a little tripod mount and the
GoPro mount hopefully I can like reseal
this thing it sounds like this little
peel on it so I don't know if that's
gonna mean anything I say cool spot
where right on my steering wheel yeah
get out of here take a look at what's
gonna be slow boy alright I want see how
I get this sticky crap off
oh is it is it just a cover I want yeah
but I'm kind of scared to break it like
I would look at the instruction posted
on it before we started pulling on it
okay so we're scientists and we figured
it out it's actually really cool so you
push it in then you lock it by turning
this red thing and then it like stays in
place and you can reuse it all the time
you think we didn't break it
are you alright now if this falls off I
will be kind of upset let's go
haha
great I don't trust it very much anymore
it fell off whenever we hit a bump okay
so I got my stupid ticket thing taken
care of we're heading home now and this
location may or may not be where at all
evolution and eyes from originated No so
now I'm gonna drive carefully back home
like the good productive citizen I am
and then up here we get some ice cream
goodbye handsome ding-dong Tristan's
probably asleep like earlier a kid
always sleeps and then he denies it come
on this fool is acting like he's not
home how long does it take the guy out
of bed I didn't sleep all day alright
guys so I've spent the past like half
hour working on just simple designs for
apparel coming up because I know it's
Christmas and then like the holidays and
everything I've talked with my manager
and a few other people and I think we're
gonna be able to do it soon we were
gonna do ugly Christmas sweaters and I
still think we are gonna do that those
will be really funny but right now I'm
working on just like simple stuff that I
think's really cool that you guys would
hopefully want to wear and stuff that I
would wear to thinking maybe something
like this but we have like a design team
that's going to help us do this so
hopefully we can get really cool designs
out for you guys so you guys can get
those because I know the last time I
only made apparel available for a week
and I know a lot of you guys wanted
apparel for longer so hopefully
hopefully we get that out soon and I
would definitely let you guys know as
soon as we do and check it I got the
actual case on last time I had the
skeleton case on like the little it was
just like a border thing but this is
like the actual case so I'm not afraid
of this falling off my car like the
other one did so I'm probably gonna go
outside like a minute and like retest
drive and actually stick it on good this
time and then go drive around here's the
one that I told you guys was going to
crap I have to like duct tape it so that
it isn't fall I use this for whenever
I'm recording in my desk with the big
camera I'm filming on right now and
here's the new and it's meant for GoPros
but it'll work perfect with the new
camera that's coming in look at it still
new and strong can't wait so yeah let's
go on a drive
everything you want if I was your
boyfriend I'd ever let you down
my arm
you
I told you guys we'd get ice cream
all right now if this falls off I will
be kind of upset
great at least I have this semi was
passing right when it flew off and I was
like oh god no no no no but he missed it
so that's good oh my gosh guys look at
the GoPro just fell off haha
this thing's like black on the ends yeah
a little bit of wear and tear
nothing insane I think it'll still work
fine case is doing its job whatever
alright guys well I'm gonna go eat my
ice cream that is melting very quickly I
hope you guys enjoyed that edit I tried
to make with the GoPro I think the GoPro
is fine but yeah that has been another
daily video I'm doing pretty good
proud of myself this is my treat yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video don't
forget to leave a like and share the
friend if you did subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out
you came looking like that
you just maybe check
