what is going on guys today we are back
and last night I had a dream where I got
my YouTube play button like my 1 million
subscriber plaque and I was so happy
about it so I went on my computer this
morning and I was like oh hey you know
maybe maybe my dreams gonna come true
well no okay tell me if I'm wrong but
you go right here to see like channel
tips or whatever it'll tell you all your
notifications like it view all and my
notifications have nothing to do with
any subscriber plaques and it really
makes me sad I don't know I'm starting
to think I'll just never get it tanner
Fox just got his 1 million subscriber
plaque so I was probably just thinking
about that so yeah now that my heart is
broken we can start off today's video
speaking of Tanner Fox you to snapchat
me homeboy what's opening up look at
I'll get the touch ideas on this thing
it's his new car he just got a brand new
GTR if I can get my dream car by age 18
I will literally cry which is a
Lamborghini Aventador Azur blue here let
me show you is the one that's been on my
lock screen and every computer
screensaver everything like that for
years I've never cared about any other
car like Ferrari or any of those don't
even appeal to me at all it's just the
Lamborghinis for some reason maybe some
day I was on socialblade and I was
checking like other youtubers subscriber
gains and losses and there's like this
big glitch going around on YouTube
lately where people are losing
subscribers every time they post videos
which doesn't really make any sense at
all like they lose a hundred or so every
time they post like right when they post
I don't think this is happening to me
maybe it is I'm still gaining like
10,000 a day or something crazy so I'm
not sure but I've heard like a big
youtubers talk about that hopefully it's
not happening to me maybe it is oh no
it's just that everyone's not gaining
insanely fast right now there's always
that one channel that blows up and they
gain super fast for a while and I
wouldn't say I was one of those channels
I mean I definitely grew a lot but I
wasn't like the one channel everyone
knew about right now my friends the funk
bros are killing it they do like super
trampoline videos and stuff by the way
guys how was that clickbait on
yesterday's video because I thought I
did pretty good at some lamp Stuart
stuff right there
but yeah I'm getting really bored of
Kansas as you can see I'm sitting at my
desk it's like 2:00 in the afternoon
right now I'm thinking about going back
to California soon I'm probably gonna be
seeing Tanner Fox again you know we're
friends so I want to go stop by and say
hi you know hang out with him for a
while I've been texting some other
people as well about seeing them I don't
know when it's all gonna happen because
we have like Thanksgiving and then
Christmas coming up and just a lot of
stuff right now I'm just focusing on
making videos that you guys will enjoy
in Kansas and also I worked out like
twice and my shoulder feels torn it is
messed up like I went ham with Quentin
because Quinn knows what he's doing he
works out all the time so I tried and my
right shoulder hurts so bad like I can't
even do a backflip right
if I tried so that's why I haven't done
like any flips in any videos recently
and if you guys know the lights that I
got from my car the other day I talked
about it for a second but I got halo
light for my challenger but yeah those
lights are in and I went to a guy today
that can install them and he said I'm
probably gonna get it done within like a
week or 10 days or something because
he's kind of booked right now but once I
get that done I'll definitely show those
in the video and if you guys don't know
what halo lights are here's what they
look like pretty sweet huh here's all
the trash from the fan my opening
because we just threw it off the roof
because we were too lazy to bring it all
down with us I wish they had my life
stone by the time I raced my mom for the
video said be insane I don't think
that's gonna happen sadly my shirts
randomly off but I also shaved in
between my eyebrows are they better yet
I know there's still bushy caterpillars
but it's a start also guys we are about
to give 1.5 million subscribers on
YouTube holy freakin crap do you know
how many people that is that's like a
million and a half the craziest thing
about that is I expected my channel to
take like a dipping point you know like
weird slow down for a while I went down
to like gaining 3,000 subscribers a day
or something like that for a little
while like a few weeks and then it shot
back up and now it's just going steady
and I don't even know how to explain it
really at all whenever I went to the
Streamy Awards with Cameron he was like
talking everybody you know he knew
everybody there I knew like five people
he knew a lot of people and like
everyone knew him I didn't know that
many people but there was like a few
people that asked me like what's the
secret to grow and fast on YouTube and I
was like I have no idea I don't I don't
really know how to explain it just work
hard at it and hope for the best but
something crazy is about to happen on my
youtube channel let me scroll down real
quick no it happened no way my most
viewed video on YouTube now has nothing
to do with flips I'm no longer the
flipping kid on YouTube okay holy crap
guys check it out in three weeks we've
gotten 7.5 million views on coke vs.
Mentos bath challenge it didn't even
work and that has that many views I did
spend a lot of money on all this stuff
making that video and it was a huge
cleanup and it was gross so I'm happy it
did well but thank you guys to everyone
that watched that video like honestly I
would rather that video be my most
popular than anything else like I'm just
like I don't know I just loved making
that and I love the challenge videos and
I love it whenever you guys are like oh
yeah I do more challenges do more videos
with your siblings or whatever because
honestly those are the ones that I love
making and now there's just so many
people making super travelling videos or
trampoline verses or many or
you know whatever it is there's just a
ton of those and I'm not gonna be like
oh I'm gonna quit doing it because
there's other people no I mean like mine
are different I'm not gonna stop making
travelling videos just because a lot of
other people are I'll definitely still
make them whenever I want to besides I
think it's like the personality and
stuff and the goofy stuff that we do
during the videos that make it funny not
just like the trampling tricks because I
honestly don't even do that many tricks
in those videos yeah that is just so
crazy look at this most viewed video has
nothing to do with flips or trampling
right every other one on this list has
to do with trampoline or flips like look
they're all flipping videos are the most
viewed oh then there's reading my
sister's Instagram comments and a few
others have nothing to do with flip
count I need to stop using so many
arrows look at this boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom I gotta take it easy but
yeah once again thank you guys so much
for making that happen in three weeks
three weeks is not very much time the
other one's been up for months I checked
it this morning and it was behind it and
then it's gotten like 300,000 views in a
day and it's three weeks old I I don't
know how to explain it all who is it how
is it huh
who is it go get him go go go get him go
get him I think what murderers dogs are
mad that their owners are murderers
don't go over there he's a bully go
skedaddle
hey hey good lay down for a second quit
it quit fighting my freakin arm
no no I'm next quit it Wow
I love these socks oh just go into enemy
territory oh my god dude isn't it crazy
how your hair matches your dog's head
huh we're twins quit biting my knee that
grass tastes good as well
oh yeah it does she's in heaven right
now come here oh oh there she goes again
I made an Instagram poster I said Rose
about to eat her favorite snack and she
was about to bite my hand
it's true no bite no bite nobody wanna
get a dog whisperer for her oh this all
you have to do hey taco quit come here
oh I like these quit all yours rubbin
what what rose quitter that's human
abuse yeah you know what we have 80 toys
for her and she just bites my hand you
see your favorite snack easy your
favorite snack ah you better shake hard
choice already to the vlog I said it
okay I heard it I quit why don't you
love me yeah she's still biting my hand
let's go sit in our foam pit huh good
night sleep tight dog oh hey she escaped
standing back look that'd be crazy
guys this puppers absolutely huge Rose
you need to quit before he gets you oh
my god he's China breakdance got any
harder oh yo
oh I felt like I broke my ankle mission
failed
okay um next time you actually hurt so
bad will you please come kiss it dude
yeah save the dog oh no he's a bully
okay we stay away from him try trying to
do my tomahawk to the tree let's even
you two stuck in it's go to this one
right here I guess you didn't see that
it's not gonna work yeah you can try
it's not gonna work I honestly don't
know piggy didn't get this I know I
don't think we can hi guys I just threw
it and it got to stop yeah I just missed
it that was a good one all right wish I
do quad Quint walking win yeah
should we tell him how you got up during
the roof
he'll box of we should now give you guys
a first-person perspective he didn't
want to jump up so more like I couldn't
jump up so Tanner did this and then I I
put my foot in his hands and then he
lifted me up there I didn't I use my big
strong muscles and then I had to crawl
up sideways I don't want to do a double
backflip on my freakin shoulder see if I
can do one back foot we're good
if I can do this then my shoulders fine
let me learn that real quick almost
Ellen to the roof gon trick it sexual
one more I gotta land a clean land it
onto the river clean enough Oh Rose what
are you doing oh I just went inside if
my brother was watching TV and there was
a commercial on for like these Jacuzzi
hot tub things spa whatever you want to
call them and if I ever get a youtuber
house
I'm definitely getting one of those in
there I don't know who would be a part
of it but I'll probably make a video
talking about like goals for the next
few years I don't know why you get
starts to look it's already sunset and
it's like 5:17 hey can you quiet down
I'm trying to end the video No
so yeah that is basically for this video
would you put it gosh quit it
alright quit quit it but yeah guys that
is basically it for this video I hope
you guys enjoyed it don't forget to
leave a like to share with the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out hey say goodbye say goodbye oh
my god using your head against a camera
just cover it with your paws it ain't my
fault
wow she's bit me again
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
