okay make room for you boy I'm cold
what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day it is current date that this
video is going up because yesterday I
plan on uploading my music video today
but we have to get it on iTunes and
Spotify we have to get all this stuff
set up I mean I'm done I have all my
editing done it's amazing here's a
preview and since I'm trying to upload
every single day in December I woke up
early like we literally just woke up if
I lose that's why because I'm super
super tired take a day off it shouldn't
be the end of the world really shouldn't
be the end of the world nobody works
seven days a week it is to me I'm gonna
savage on am a very hauler just kidding
I'm just in the tan clan because we do
it better peeking out of tan clan we're
getting close to our like if people
still want stuff by Christmas you need
to get it ordered this morning we are
going to be doing me versus my brother
and who knows my mom the best we've done
like who knows me better whatever it's
been a while since we've done a sit-down
challenge we might as well do one
because I don't have another video but
it'll still be sick and hard to vlog
when you're editing literally all day
yeah what you were doing yesterday yes
it would have been a very boring vlog
yeah I'm gonna have a buzzer how are we
ringing in okay first question what year
was I born 1974 oh by the way by the way
the loser moves out of the house oh he's
almost 20 so I'm hoping what Bob wait
wait you have to block the questions we
can cheat you got it I don't have all
the answers right there in my head but
then you have time to think about okay
yeah okay we gotta go wait thumbnail
real quick what is happening Oh hold on
repositioning of the camera is because
Luna just gotten here and likes to move
them over but I'm gonna leave out the
part of it falling kiss Tristan likes to
say curse words on my YouTube channel
gosh dang you don't know everyone talks
like that okay okay I need to wake up um
what is my favorite color I knew
everyone knows it's purple
yeah it was a tie you spit it out you
know what give it to the poor kid he's
dyslexic gay and he lives in Kansas
Allah just get a little harder what was
my first job Pizza Hut no I would have
known that what was the name of my
childhood dog that died when I was nine
well I got ran over by a tractor combine
combine I don't I'm gonna go with Betsey
Christy I have a major scar on my head
what is it from I hit first you did you
fell off a little bridge as a kid buy
your house get a front flip off a bridge
yeah it's a miracle I didn't die I was
five years old okay you showed us the
bridge the bridge was like three feet
off it when you're five and you flip and
you hit your head on the rocks oh how
did it not knock me out like there's a
flat spot on my head you did a parkour
room if I ever I have to be bald that's
gonna look so bad don't smash your head
in as a kid did I ever break a bone as a
child he was your collarbone car crashed
around the corner guys she was like five
childhood stories by the way we all know
these mom please tell us a story before
bed and then she'd be like I fell off a
bridge
she sled through a pasture and went by
the cows under the fence remember that
yeah one time she was grounded and her
brother was watching The Wizard of Oz
and this and that and that Miss move
that leave it see it's one of the
questions how how sad okay what is my
favorite kind of music rock in rural
country hey kid give two answers what
bells then it's a toss-up that's why I
was kind of like don't ask it or do I
not if you got a point earlier I get the
point now here's the bonus on to that
have I been to more or less than 100
conscience less more that's like a whole
lifetime maybe you do know what a fog
machine spoon smells like I'm a fog
machine
when did I get my first speeding ticket
Tristan what the hell your hands already
honored yeah I'm ready to go
sixteen that's not fair I already knew
that want me to tell you how fast you
were going huh we're going 75 okay what
color was the car I drove all to college
purple burgundy was it ugly where's my
red Firebird I loved it oh yeah this
next one was what movie did I have my
brother record the soundtrack of when
I'm like no Wizard of Oz yeah she wanted
the soundtrack she's grounded it was
hard to be a kid movies
you didn't just download stuff wasn't if
you had a license plate with a rat back
then I guarantee you were fine yeah
because the cops just kind of came in
hey then your life was easier name one
of the first three groups that I saw in
concert just motley crue Arrowsmith or
poison you got to the Chicago guy I have
no idea who's winning at this point what
kind of college degree do I have
whatever the second one is I know what
it is it's start with a bead Bachelors
of Oh accounting hey by the way my mom
has to take my sister to school so she's
gonna be leaving soon like that's how
early it is it's too early true or false
our bathroom and my childhood home had a
whole rotted in the full truth you know
you finish the question he already gets
it you want me to sound like my
childhood suck we lived in an apartment
we all slept in the same room our whole
family for a year above a movie theater
there was one bathroom with a cold
shower and all of us just got pissed at
each other now I can be a rapper yeah I
came from the bottom now hear ya girl
there's still videos of whenever we
lived there above the theater I put him
in a video a long time ago
here's a clip okay last question Oh No
how long did your dad and I date before
we got married oh I think I won that
completely broke down right here
and it was less than ten years old uh to
three ever get into a relationship that
early obviously it was not gonna work
out thanks for ruining my childhood I
lived above a movie theater you get two
birthdays let's count up the score who
one one one two two three three four
five oh boy knows your mom pays you like
question he's like a half second behind
you on this labs true now I'm moving out
sister school you do the Ostrow by
people yeah all right so uh this is it I
guess I'll see you on the flipside buddy
hahaha you leave your stuff in your room
for like a week that I want it gone by
the end of the week please and I mean I
can help you move out right now if you
want
okay all right let's go
you take it easy I'm sure you'll figure
anything out
yeah don't eat all those pop-tarts too
quick you gotta make them laugh hi buddy
good night
okay guys obviously we were just pulling
a goof trista is not moving out you're
welcome to live here in your little
brother's house as long as you'd like oh
yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here to hope you guys enjoyed
it in thank you so much for watching and
don't be like sure the friends for you
enjoyed subscribe if you do and I'll see
you guys next one hold on get over there
oh that's in the back
 you came looking like that you just
made bitch
