what is going on guys today the lights
on Mike are supposed to be coming in I
don't know if I talked about this in the
video but I got halo lights from my car
they're like the ring light I don't know
I'm filming with the ring light right
now but it's like a ring light for your
car but they change colors and stuff the
ones I ordered I think that's like the
final thing I'll do to my car cuz I
don't really know what else to do I feel
like I've talked too much about cars in
the last like few videos because I did
getting my truck and then we took my
mom's car out as well so there's two
videos right there they had to do with
cars not a car channel okay but yeah
today I have no idea what we're doing I
read mean comments for my video
yesterday so I really need something to
boost my spirits back up oh yeah boy
they already came in the fragile one is
something we're going to use in a future
video I'm not gonna say anything about
it what's in the box there's a box I JDM
toy lighting so I think as something to
do with lights on my car and I said toy
lightnings for toys
Oh my car is my toy this looks like a
remote alright this looks like some
plugs kind of confusing looking I don't
know how to set any of these up but here
are the lights you know we start to tell
people how you burnt my carpet that's
for a future video I bet half the
subscribers don't know what that means
it was a while ago
good okay I'm going to try to put these
on probably not gonna get it done today
cuz I don't know how to do it I'll have
to ask somebody we'll set these here for
now so they'll go around my headlights I
know my cars a little bit dirty right
now but I think it'll look sweet you're
not allowed to have them the same color
as like emergency vehicles like red or
blue but I have like purple and green
and a bunch of other cool and Selby's in
those so yeah let's go somewhere we
stopped by the peel box check out how
much freakin mail we got so this big
thing and behind that you look at these
people but so much time in this
packaging honest it honestly looks so
freakin cool and all the stuff back
there as well that artwork
there's like 100 freaking envelopes I
need to read through suddenly learn how
to read freaking me down
yeah we'll get on that tonight you know
since my mom's not here we could have
quite the party p.o box opening on the
roof
hello road Samurai first I go yeah your
swords been really yeah oh this I can
see it that's what this
come here we didn't want to get a ladder
well actually he didn't bring the ladder
I was very proud oh that's scary just in
case I die I want you guys to be able to
see all of me I made sure they could see
you good thank you thank you sorry mom
it's for a video there's no other place
we could do this Bo box opening oh okay
good we have plenty of space to choose
from I like this spot I just realized
how hard it's going to be to get
everything down oh boy
whatever screw it huh I don't know what
to choose hi car they probably thinks
I'm gonna kill myself time to get them
all up here you know for a big box
hey be easy on the fan mail didn't you
hear my hate video yeah this will get
nothing thing don't think it's gonna
happen it's scary
okay Quinton it's now or never I really
do okay better go for gets two dollars
there you go now literally just put your
feet up anymore dude
all right oh boy she creates the worst
shadows you undo the two pretty ones at
the same time sure you get one knife
yeah there's two of us these are
freaking amazing I wish I could keep
this packaging maybe I can it's a bunch
of tape in here it says fragile but then
it says Papa John's Pizza look I kept
mine intact oh crap wanna grab that real
quick
we share a family with care we will risk
our lives for it please show this on
camera you don't have to read the letter
on camera though okay sorry for so much
packaging don't want to damage it so it
must be pretty cool oh it's a painting I
can already see that hey this is so cool
brogard spike oh these are just like the
little bit of apparel I release I will
release more soon I promise but look
that's like freaking spot-on that's so
cool
I don't want to lean all this trash on
the tripod it's gonna go tumbling off to
my room I think mine wins dude that's
insane and it's like when we crap gold
you guys can't really see it too well
you should have told us that you're
gonna send us really cool stuff so we
didn't open these on my roof let's do
the big box so we can put everything in
the big box green
we throw the trash off my roof and go
get it later I'm just stacking it behind
me so I'm not delinquent you know I'm
thinking of stabbing right through it
again No Deal
favors typical YouTube things all I
could have stepped through and it would
have been just fine yeah I need that
back there's more tape
ya should know we do this on roofs we
can't deal with tape ooh no we got two
of them oh my gosh that means were
having a war later we are I'm gonna feel
like Daryl Dixon
maybe I finally have something for one
of my vlogs let's put these in long ways
then we can stack the paintings on top
Hey look at that now hopefully that
doesn't fall if it does it's
Tannersville Noah
Valon vent mount villain Zula this is
from Johnny it was that big one from oh
this is from Johnny sir tapes a lot
hello my 9 year old is a big fan and
asked me to mail you this on his behalf
he made something for you also gathered
some personal items he had he was so
excited and he thought it's such a nice
gesture on his behalf look at this is so
freaking cool this was your mom or dad
who sent this tell them thank you and
thank you to you for sending this stuff
thank you to whoever sent these
bracelets I love your vids well I love
you for loving my vid oh yeah Johnny
sent bracelets bracelets one of these uh
bracelets you wrote words to put it in
that box we can't read all these up here
because it's dark and scary dude oh crap
he sent me a ton of cards he also sent
me a panda rubber duck I'm guessing this
is for clay he collects those it didn't
squeak very well though Jessica from
Florida Ellie puckett Ellie got a bucket
of tape and taped it on this canner WTF
what's the WTF or what did I do
oh she's pointing at the e the e is
rather large still beautiful Jessica I
don't know what you're talking about is
this food oh yes dude these are so
freakin good these trolly sour gummy
worms
you guys better keep sending candy cuz
gonna die up every night gets expensive
what this is something that you post on
Twitter before I believe this is I
believe this is your profile picture
before
oh dear tanner my name is Ellie I'm 10
years old and me and my brothers all
watch you we are all subscribers and by
the way you are at one a million four
hundred fifteen thousand nine hundred
fifty six subs at the moment we watch
your old vids until the new ones come
out um Dylan are my fav sorry for anyone
whose
dude do you hear her I'm glad we're on a
roof so I can jump off hope you enjoy
these bye Thank You Ellie or Eli I think
it's Ellie T a n n er that spells out my
name these are pretty freaking awesome
you better take out that you and Dylan
on my fav crap here are some random
things that I found around the house a
ketchup bottle a mustard bottle a pen
with a bird on it some more squishy
things a tech deck that is off-brand
really okay cool well thank you for
these random objects those from Riya by
the way Oh
Riya thank you I found my new bath toys
we think of you bad together in our day
huh too many actually not enough
actually should we just start doing P o
box openings in the bath from now on
like honestly that was my favorite one
this looks fast but it is a not
Lamborghini thank you for this o is that
big time rush no yes it is let's become
rush oh this is dope that is fan art
wall material right there this is my
last one on my side and then we have
some more down there I can't find a name
on this one but we will open it anyway
yeah mine was from Seth Johnson thank
you Stef Johnson gosh what in the heck
Mesmer eyes eyes are these like contacts
I bet they're colored contacts it's a
rainbow eyes
multi-purpose solution daily cleaning
comfort soft contact lenses wear these
just white I've never put contacts in my
eyes cuz I don't gloss oh I'm really
scared of that actually I'm gonna run go
get the rest wish me luck
oh these are pokemons oh these are black
dude oh I've seen the pokeball ones on
Instagram someone has them it looks so
creepy oh these are green oh these are
crazy I'm trusting you not to fall off I
just put it on my foot and it works
quite well I trust the roof more than
myself Thank You Owen for making it so
easy to open okay I think Owen got me
because it's another package this one's
hard to open I'm jumping off this roof
I'm scared there's toilet paper all over
is that I better be packaging I'm
guessing this is a tooth from a t-rex
I think they sprayed this with Cologne
before they sent to me do they send me a
lot of bracelets sent me these camo
glasses and out I read the words he
wrote and this is a bear too they sent
me these little pieces of tree chunk to
have like little signs on this one has a
cross it's pretty cool huh I believe so
here's Owens note oh and you shouldn't
have hi Tanner I had to bare teeth and I
gave one to you and made a necklace with
the other I'm ten years old and I am
Owen sorry about the handwriting well
thank you so much Ellen that's pretty
freakin awesome actually
I've never had a ver tooth but you have
had a bear - yeah I guess I did before I
got braces
all right my last package I'm gonna need
that Caniff soon why is that light so
dim did you turn it up oh it might be
dying I guess I am the lighting man now
Yolo swag come on this package is taped
to high hell you know we do with
packages like this right throw him off
the roof we give him to me and I stab
whoa is this a big gummy cheeseburger
yeah it's like one of those little
krabby patty thinks I did the hundred
lucky I could do you get there's more we
owe that light just died that's all this
one's dying there's a mini pizza and oh
my god this is this is horrible I'm
trying to be you guys see this and it's
very hard there's a Ring Pop with a cat
on it
and my new favorite hat and some oh they
said some dog toys for rose that's
awesome thank you so much for that
yeah just freaking definite and I in two
seconds and we're gonna we're gonna die
I'm very upset with this lighting I
guess that's what happens when you don't
charge him for two weeks and use them
every day did you really know how to no
I just thought since they were still so
bright that they were fine dual iphone
lighting here let me get some good
angles all right here we go this one is
also taped but not as much how dare you
guys keep your packages safe on the way
to my house it turns out my flashlights
doing nothing okay here we go
moment of truth guys the last packaging
there's something in here that could
have been us I should probably go pick
that up after this no Taylor thinks it's
one of us others
it's a Lambo it's a Lambo I see a Lambo
this one's huge
hold up save one of the best for last
Danny does flips thank you so much for
this Danny holy crap what's up tanner my
name is Danny I love watching your
videos and you're my favorite youtuber
I've been doing floats for nine years
and you've inspired me to buy a
trampoline and I love it
that's awesome and then he drew some fan
art with a trampoline right there pretty
cool pretty hard to see it gets too
frickin dark thanks world
check out this Lambo though this is
amazing dude oh my god
Lamborghini Aventador oh my god I have a
little bit smaller one of this I don't
know why they have them in small/medium
medium plus large - medium medium
exactly - the doors open Oh butterfly
doors on it as well me this is so cool
you guys don't know if I ever actually
get my own Lamborghini Aventador I will
literally I will I will probably marry
it like I won't have a wife if I do
she's gonna come second thank you guys
so much for everyone that sent stuff cuz
this is this is just honestly such cool
stuff but yeah I guess that's it for
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
don't forget to leave a like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to you
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out it ain't my fault did it go all
right let's get the Frick off my roof
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe trick
