what is going on guys once again welcome
back to the vlog I'm your name I'm naked
Am I am i naked no I'm actually just too
lazy to put my hair up like usual like I
put my hair ok this is what I do every
morning get ready
but guys get this okay I bought these
skinny jeans they're not even skinny
jeans right and we watched them and now
they're actual skinny jeans so this is
my first pair of skinny jeans I'll
finally fit in this is my new clothing
rack here are all the shirts that we
still haven't given away these are the
ripped bones actually right there is all
the ones we're going to give away
because those are actually in good
condition do I want my cool-kid shoes my
fake Easy's or my comfortable ones I'm
going with the comfortable ones boom
outfit of the day black on black skinny
jeans that weren't skinny jeans and my
triple extra-large adidas shirts let's
go out and face the world if people do
find my house guys they probably think
I'm really really stupid like we have
sleds sitting in my front yard also I
have word from my mom that we will be
racing in about a week she gets back
Friday or Saturday maybe even Sunday
from training for her restaurant that I
talked about my last video so whenever
she gets back we're actually going to go
to a race track like I said and we'll
make that happen so that video will be
out and probably about a week from right
now like this second guys do not wear
skinny jeans if you have an iPhone 7
plus because it hurts and I'm pretty
sure this thing is slowly bending to
wherever we're going
turns out I don't have any freaking gas
so Quentin's going alone yep
oh well why doesn't he get women there's
no other way it's cuz I'm lanky cuz I'm
gay all right even my boyfriend thinks
I'm gay just kidding because my whole
family thinks I'm gay well they say no
anyway you gotta look right through the
haze Easy Bake Oven was just a fade I
just passed a sheriff and I wasn't
speeding though but I still feel like
he's gonna pull me over cuz that's my
luck with cop
hey these are the train tracks from my
most recent video we climb on that wall
right down there alright guys you know
what we're just gonna go back downstairs
and film something in my room because I
really don't feel like going out and
getting stuff and doing like a crazy
video today I want to mix it all up you
know I'm saying so today I don't know
what I'm doing I'll find out like 10
minutes but yeah the time has come guys
but first let me set the mood get it
it's red for anger what is going on guys
today we are going to be reading mean
comments from my youtube channel I made
a video like this before but it was back
a long long time ago I think I'd like
3000 subscribers so it is time again to
read mean comments and I've selected
some on my phone already so we are good
to go let's dive right in tell your
brother to stop being gay and get a
girlfriend oh hey could you go ahead and
like quit being gay and stuff like just
get a girlfriend just from my youtube
okay cool thank you so much yeah bye
alright all you had to do is ask do a
who can drink the most bleach in one
minute challenge maybe are you related
like brother and sister now is your
sister named Mikayla she'd like trying
to hint that she's my sister because
that's her name apparently be gay I'm
trying my hardest can you not can you
not tell is you Gabe didn't you listen
I'm I'm working on it why gay guys
always has to make body language and act
like that why can't they act normal oh
hey will you come downstairs and like do
some gay movements for my video sure
they here he may be gay but he's loyal
you called what do you mean
alright now that's enough for today go
ahead and go okay Bob Tanner I was naked
while watching this you know Red's also
the color of love good for you Wow
original do you watch other people on
YouTube you know what I'm gonna do a
video called 24-hour trampoline bathtub
6 foot water balloon full of Orbeez
video soon ok give me that post
tanner you dumb idiot face I said my
last video to comment that if you wanted
the poster someone under him commented
you look like you're 11 you know that
you don't even know if you are gay or
not yet I'm pretty sure you know if
you're gay from like age 11 I would
smash his sister nine-one-one what's
your emergency yes this guy is
threatening to kill my sister he said so
in the YouTube comments
hello I took a picture with my ear
give me that poster tanner flip daddy
Brun run GERD you know where you click
to type a comment the name of my channel
which is my name is about this far up ok
god
hi this one's from the sibling video I
did and in it someone asked we had ever
killed an animal and my brother said
that he went hunting once and killed a
turkey and someone said love this video
but your brother killing a turkey for no
good reason then bragging and joking
about it proves he's a somewhat sad face
if any of you have ever been hunting
your dick you ever killed a mosquito
you're why do all your names start with
a T yeah it was actually an accident
like my mom and dad like they had me and
my brother first and they did like
Tristan and Tanner and then they were
thinking like ah man what should we name
her third child and they accidentally
made it three T's I love Tanner but I
think he makes fun of his brother too
much wrong too idiot dumb head the thing
is he's my brother so I can make fun of
him and it's funny to me I mean it might
not be funny to everybody but I don't
care it'd be different if it was like a
stranger but anything I say to him is a
joke or if it's not he'll get over it
y'all look like Justin Beiber little
 Justin Bieber is freakin sexy if I
could look anything on Justin Bieber I
would be very happy with that
did I ask I'm filming a reading mean
comments video and people are mean you
treat the fan mail like it is disliking
these comments are on the bathtub video
like people like shouldn't be opening in
the bath you're gonna get it wet I keep
all the fan mail here let me show you
it's dark but here's every piece of fan
mail I've ever gotten and there's like
300 letters and that really far one down
there and I open and read everything I
get and there's a lot of youtubers that
don't even do that
so yeah we do appreciate all the fan
mail that comes even if we joke around
and like throw it around it's not gonna
hurt it's a piece of paper for one if
there's anything important like fan art
or anything we don't throw it around if
it's a piece of paper again throwing it
on the ground is not gonna hurt it
there's a pile of fan mail right down
there that you probably can't see very
well
next up lol where did you come up with
the idea to do a peel box opening in a
bath I have no idea just my creative
genius was showing it came to me am I
the only one that notices that they are
leaking fans addresses sad face please
tell me how many people are watching my
videos are gonna go oh god what's his
address oh yeah I'm gonna send them a
pic no okay no one's gonna pay attention
no one's gonna mail you anything
no-one's gonna show up to someone's
house that doesn't happen at least I
don't think it does and if it does I'm
sorry no where's the cap to this dude I
lost the cap to my freaking marker found
it my mom thought I was watching a porno
I'm confused what's the problem again
can you do a flippin video only I could
but I don't want to you're always
getting into the bath with boys I I
really don't know you're talking about
whatever you say man it never happened
two boys one bath thank you for my next
video title baseball cards and some
pennies and a 50 Cal bullet with some
stuff for golf all you need is some
bleach and you'll have everything you
need to kill yourself
lol I'm actually that 50 cowboy that I
got in fan mail was actually a laser
pointer so it doesn't work and I don't
know how Golf stuff that I got is gonna
help me and someone actually did send me
bleach in that video so you're just
wrong man I was laughing the whole time
I love your vids tanner
oh wait the other one is it wrong
waiting for his coming out video because
they are so gay I might make a fake one
of those in the future just whenever I
run out of ideas well guys that's been
the video that's actually a pretty fun
video for me to film so I hope you guys
enjoyed it keep commenting me out on my
channel and I'll keep making these
actually stop seriously did I did maybe
a bit I'm sorry they're fake tears I'm
not actually sad
stupid dumb heads oh yeah guys that is
basically it for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it don't forget to leave a
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you do and I'll see
you guys the next one peace out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe check
