what is going on guys we are back and
I'm sitting at my new desk we got the
new lighting house it looked so good I
think it looks fabulous finally got this
freaking iPhone 7 plus I sat outside
AT&T for an hour and a half in the
pouring rain so they could go oh yeah we
don't have the plus model yet and then I
was like oh uh yeah find the others
phone it's waterproof and it's really
loud so I took a shower with it and I
put it in the shower and it was loud and
I sang long I'm a good singer I mean you
guys heard my rap look daddy Brown got
on the mic
she took Jukes wad man rhombus and I
actually had a pretty crap day yesterday
so I filmed the video with my mom and me
and my mom raised in our cars and we ran
into some predicaments along the way I'm
not gonna go into detail but basically I
have to refilm the video and that will
probably be up in about a week we're
actually gonna get a racetrack to
ourselves and we're gonna have like the
drone shots and everything like that so
it'll be way better but yeah I mean even
though that sucks I finally got this
potent look look the camera on this
thing is actually really really cool
I'll show you guys a picture of the
setup
right now in that night pretty good
quality camera I like it I think this
lighting makes me look less ugly so I
like it a lot as well I'm joined here
with my friend Dylan he's been a lot of
my videos I don't know if all of you
know him or not say hi hi oh and also
real quick I got two new Kate Upton
posters except through the exact same
freaking one I didn't order two these
but they gave me two so if anybody wants
one just leave a comments and give me
that poster ken are you idiot dumb idiot
face but yeah I guess that's all the
news we have for today I'm gonna take a
nap and finish watching The Chronicles
of Narnia and we're gonna go film
something I have no idea what this
videos about so see you in a little bit
hi guys so wearing my mom's Camaro right
now and she took my car and she's gonna
be gone for like a week I think she's
gonna bring it back and were gonna
switch but she's a my car right now so
me and Dylan took this car out and I'm
actually vlogging on my iPhone 7 does it
look good I think it looks better than
the g7x but check this out
just driving down the road right
compound ah
I'm just getting cheese's a little like
hologram bullcrap and I think it's
amazing I wish my car had it but it
doesn't do this camera is actually so
good
since this phone is like 128 gigabytes
or something crazy I can vlog on it if I
don't my camera which is the case right
now we're like 20 minutes from home so I
just decided to use this but no more
speeding on my channel okay I might do
it in private but I'm not going to put
it on the internet because apparently
police still don't like it when you
speed and then put it on the Internet I
don't get it alright guys this is not
speeding because it's only 60 miles an
hour but we're gonna do a 0 to 60 to be
testing this because I did one with my
challenger in a video and I want to see
if this one's any quicker even though
this one doesn't have like a set time or
anything
I'll just see how long it is when I'm
editing and then put a little clock up
maybe so yeah let's do it
alright and boom all right we're ready
to go this is just so much cooler than
my car I wish I had this little freaking
hologram bullcrap ah here we go three
two one
I don't know how long it was I think it
might have been longer than my car
I think I've made it I think my car
might actually be faster I'm proud and
my arms are really sore because I
started working out no big deal
hi you know what we're gonna do we're
gonna turn this car on ha ha whoa whoa
spoiled white kid in his natural habitat
I guarantee I can't vlog anymore because
it's gonna be too windy but ankle all
right guys we're back home now but the
best part about this new phone is just
like if you have it right here without a
case on and you have your like
McDonald's Cup without a lid on then I
mean if you just like trippin it's fun
oh you shouldn't have
vlogging on the iPhone 7 boy oh my
goodness wait you have a vodka yeah
somewhere huh yeah the goal why is it
get so dark so early
they say daylight saving times happens
twice a year right spring forward fall
back then why does it get dark in the
summer at 9:30 and it gets dark in the
fall at frickin 5:30
exactly hey mom I just had a goodbye but
say goodbye to YouTube Oh goodbye
YouTube goodbye oh my god yeah she's
leaving for a week and then what another
week after you get back well we'll miss
ya sorry it's so freakin dark everybody
gets dark way too early now right now I
get to take Taylor to school right well
whatever thanks for nothing
so she's leaving for Nebraska for like a
week for training cuz she's opening a
restaurant so she has to be trained for
that somehow but yeah I think we're
gonna go take pictures for Instagram
tonight uh know if I'll post any but
I'll show you guys like the whole
process behind it if you want to see it
stick around I'll be with Dylan we'll
take my other like to portable lights
that I talked about in one of my videos
and you see these right here my call of
duty perks I really want to get little
tiny white lights and put them under it
to make them glow as well just uh finish
the room but yeah it's the color of love
right now because um ah no your car is
cleaner than mine hmm
all right we got our lights camera
action all right now we're gonna go to a
specific location actually doesn't
matter where the Frick we go to the dark
Dillon little brother what are you
watching
I like this guy that he's pretty cool
all right now the Dillon is clothed we
can go
um excuse me what is this why do you
catch steal those Oh oh my god they
literally go to restaurants and they
take the order things you why language
one time all right we've got our
lighting we've got our camera we've got
our cuteness here at home God and we
found a railroad track which means it's
automatically a cool picture all right
we'll take one on this wall take one on
the tracks shut this crap up real quick
hopefully no trains come because I'm not
moving my camera there we go boo yeah
okay coming ah fresh is it straining up
there hey Maya
louder Oh God
first try and not right now just get out
of the way oh wow
perfect timing I told the train to move
out of the way let's turn them off you
know so no one comes in the El lettuce
especially the guy's house we just
parked out over there bro he's literally
on the track that we were just at well
there's a big drop over here don't fall
off do you guys these are the
opportunities you should take
 loud
here turn on the light
take a picture I didn't bring my SD card
no we gotta go get it but there's no SD
card the most important thing and I
didn't forgot it that kind of in a full
picture it's cold this trains bad dang
it dude
I guess we're taking it on the iPhone
well guys I guess I can't show you the
picture taking process here's the
pictures guys the end of that train was
so loud oh my gosh I think we got some
cool pictures though so that's all that
matters I didn't think anything cool is
gonna happen on this trip but dude my
hands are freezing that train made it so
cold because we're like basically
trapped with all the freezing air coming
up but we better get off here before any
cops come because they like me a lot I'd
slowly get down
I can I can I cannot believe a freaking
train came dude is it there's another
train coming no no joke
let's go fast here take this not too
fast though let's go I don't want to
wait
yep coming Oh big drop in slides Wow get
off these tracks
oh boy you're my train number two
bro why the one day I mean I made for
some cool pictures but the one day we go
out and take pictures of the train at a
railroad track guys rate those pictures
1 to 10 okay they were taking on an
iPhone all right ready to go all right
I'm gonna go to somebody I'm freaking
hungry but I hope you guys enjoyed this
little vlog I had to do it on really
short notice because I had a video plan
like I said and it didn't really work
out so really short notice but I hope
you guys still enjoyed it and yeah thank
you guys so much for watching this video
don't forget to leave like share the
VINs if you enjoyed subscribe if you
knew and I'll see you guys a next one
peace out wait wait am I allowed to keep
using this phone sometimes like is it
good quality I don't freaking out leave
comment goodbye
you came looking like that
you just maybe check
