what is going on guys today there's
still spray paint on my front porch from
the last video if you guys haven't seen
that video you should definitely go
check it out because I loved it first
time I've laughed while editing in a
little while and I was freaking laughing
hard because it was funny but in today's
video we're going to be going to get a
new vehicle it's not really for me it's
kind of for my whole family I am buying
it but it's going to be for anybody to
use and with winter coming I just don't
have to use my car I don't know if I
said new car a new truck or new vehicle
and the thumbnail but it's going to be a
new truck gonna be a single cab four
wheel drive Chevy Silverado 1500 from
2003 I believe not exactly sure there's
like three different options we're
looking at hopefully we're going to buy
one of those today I really want to
truck I live in Kansas and I grew up you
know on farms going fishing hunting
whatever and although I don't really act
like any of that it's still you know
kind of with me in my heart but we're
about to drive three hours to go look at
these trucks hopefully we leave with one
I think we will quit ins here to join me
and my mom's going to come along with us
and yeah we're about to leave so we're
starving to eat on the way there and I'm
a little heartbroken because whenever I
lost my wallet in California I lost my
Taco Bell gift card with it
cared more about that thing than the
wallet had $50 on it look she'll ask how
I'm doing cuz they're nice here
hello how are you good how are you good
any side sauces at this order no thank
you excuse me free Baja blast sometimes
like I'll come here just order a drink
and then should be like now keep it oh
yeah I forgot to tell you guys my mom's
opening a restaurant in like December
January 9th is our proposed opening date
I've been telling people's the buildings
down in December so thank you can can I
stop it now cuz I'm hungry all right
show them the building that thing it's
like a coffee house kind of like
Starbucks but less popular cuz my mom's
a loser so there's that
no it's called Starbucks but not
franchise Oh any right now where're we
going Topeka we're going to the bank
first same thing also guys this truck is
only been with one owner apparently its
entire life so it's really been taken
care of and stuff so it's actually a
good truck it's not like an amazing
vehicle so don't think you're like
seeing
by a really good vehicle because I'm not
but I mean I still like it and my dad
used to have one kind of like it and we
drove it you know around his kids and I
just loved being in it so we're gonna
buy one today and it's going to be good
and yeah there's a feel this secret this
okay after a probably what three hour
ride - okay I sped it up a bit because I
went a hundred I don't know if I'll put
that clip in because she's mad about it
but there's a lot of trucks here this is
like country boy paradise ma oh this is
it
ooh I like the crack in the windshield a
lot well I like it there's no rust or
anything oh no do you like it I like it
pretty just give this give me is it a
boy or girl all right we're gonna test
drive the black one and then based on
whether or not I like it a lot we might
go see this other one the one I'm
talking about is the one I was talking
about earlier that is a one owner I
think we went a couple hours out of our
way because turns out this is not
four-wheel drive that puts a damper on
my mood I really like the other one like
a lot though and that's the one that I
was planning on buying anyway so
hopefully that one is everything we
expected to be I see a man with a truck
that looks like mine hello for the
winter and for fire that's me g10 all
right
small nice long road trip today oh gosh
check it out it's like really dark blue
almost black
you go down there that's where I live
okay this is a man it looks like new
even though it's old and has no one
number off dang it just think he passed
that milestone driving here
that's that sucks for us it's really
really clean though I know it's a rough
country boy ride this is the exact same
as my dad's old truck is weird got the
couple seat going on tonight it's
probably I like it though a lot got one
rest spot that I think of you get fixed
right now you wouldn't regret you in it
my mama's turn seats are surprisingly
comfy after probably being sat in for a
long time I cannot believe I'm gonna
shape it yeah cool is it right say hi if
you want to I will see you later
hi Quinn's like roll down the window and
see if any of them know you and then one
of them was like ah small world make
youtube channel impossible we like it
yeah is this thing on I'll buy let's go
home the guy left his Popkin on the back
of the truck and my mom's about to drive
with it you're gonna fall off
go there go to home we're gonna do when
it rains drive into the lake and see
what floats if it snows here whenever it
does and it gets slick we're gonna be
doing some freaking donuts in the high
school parking lot and yeah we'll wake
up tomorrow morning and go mess around
in it because it's dark already here and
there's really no point you wouldn't be
able to see it so yeah good morning
sorry my sister locked that door man
because of the murderer I guess yeah I
know she literally locks them in that
door what kind of well my dog woke
me up this morning bright and early so
we're going to my grandparents house to
go eat breakfast cheer the loudest
freaking screech es barks this one guys
listen to the sound of when you lock it
though yeah this middle console doesn't
open everything else is pretty much fun
there's a little like seal
yeah the seal right there isn't really
sealed my brother was gonna come with us
but he doesn't want to get ready that
fast I don't know
whatever we're leaving
guys this thing goes up to a hundred
miles an hour okay don't mess with me it
also shakes when it gets to 70 okay
glad that doesn't mean because we don't
have the title to this car yet truck we
made it what's up ladies subsist
throwing the beard baby growing the
beard you know white you're looking old
hairs all right you look at us dad
Wow father-son stuff right here good day
hey too dear really yeah isn't morning
hey I got to see ya
vroom vroom now we're off to go mess
around in this truck guys I found out
that challenger right there is the
janitors of that high school if you're
watching this can we trade so he might
have liked giving us this truck without
a knob right here he might have given us
with like you know some air coming out
but joke's on him because I'm not going
to rush to her
guys it's really dark but his garage
doors openers right there
I thought he's freaking out right three
over open okay guys well we're gonna go
home but we took a wrong turn so we just
we've got to turn around real quick
we may or may not have been doing this
last night oh dude you miss attorney ah
turn around but make it fast okay fast
I'm just waiting for someone to come
yell at us wait turn so fast are you
going down there
this is so fun yeah all right before we
get in trouble let's go to Best Buy that
was frickin hilarious
I spot number two watch out for trees
I rock hit my mouth
as soon as hit as soon as his back wheel
started facing eyes are covering my face
in a rock the huh well this trucks doing
his purpose yeah it's for my own family
but I mean I'm part of the family and
this is what I want to do with it
wait surprise I live at your house one
in mind that make me part of the family
yes oh nice
see you guys it the best bye I felt that
they going to shower all day long and I
feel like trash I know I hate walking
into public places so it's basically
like this little thing that has its own
radio station right yeah and then you
know it's like a whole new stereo so
like works and just like a little
cigarette lighter then I'll get an
iPhone 7 aux cord cuz my iPhone 7 comes
in in a few days iPhone 7 plus that's
why I couldn't get the 7 because I wait
outside on release day and then they're
like oh yeah we don't have it go home
then I might get a monitor for my
macbook because I want to have two
screens like a lot of people do I they
don't have the right radio thingamabob
or hear the aux cord so we're gonna go
to the other Best Buy I'm still gonna
ask about a monitor well buh-buh-buh-buh
know I'm getting one of these too I am
so horrible with money I don't care I'm
getting one of these light thingies yeah
I'll have three of those I've got my
three lights that I didn't need but
it'll make my room pretty I seem like a
lot of people that really glowy colorful
rooms now I can do that that was also
the only place where they've seen the
camera and mic and they were like are
you guys gonna be famous and I was like
one of us already is like everywhere
else it's like that's a big camera get
out of my store okay it's going yeah
let's break into this guy's car dude
let's do this okay guys my last purchase
of the day so plug that in and I will
show you guys everything whenever I get
home all right guys we are back home now
and to end off this video I will give
you guys a quick little room tour of all
the new stuff in my room and this stuff
is still here it's starting to fall off
but let's do it so you walk in this
makes it look kind of weird but this is
like the whole setup monitor over here
gives you extra work room this should
actually be on the right side my
computer should be over here I'll switch
that around later but say you want to
grab a picture of me right here bring it
over this side once you go through it
comes over here pretty sure a lot of you
know what monitors do but so these are
what the light bulbs do they plug in
like normal light bulbs but there's an
app on your phone and you can control
each light like if I want to do that top
one over there I click right here on
this blue go down here to this color
wheel and then you can select any of
them that you want say you want green
and now it is green so there's that got
the mousepad I showed that in the recent
video already and as you guys may have
known I'm pretty good at this track so I
bought that microphone for that yeah the
game chair I already showed you guys a
lot of stuff but if you haven't seen it
then here it is Astros if any of you are
wondering what headset I use and then we
come over here and I have the red one
they look a lot cooler off camera but
there's this one I want to get like
little white ones and put them under
these that'd be so cool I think I'm
gonna do that soon but I like this setup
I don't know just makes me more colorful
also I got these two little lights
they're little panel lights they have a
magenta filter on them right now but
they have like a little switch right
here you can turn on and they get pretty
bright as well so these are super
portable and they're really great for
like taking pictures outside at night
you know so those are really awesome
pretty cheap on Amazon if you look up
panel lights they'll come on but yeah
guys that is basically for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it we did a lot of
random stuff please don't think I'm
trying to show off by showing you guys
my truck I just want to keep you guys
updated with my life I've said this like
a million times there's a lot of dirt
roads in Kansas so I'll be driving it a
bit and I hope you guys enjoyed seeing
us mess around with it and we'll do more
videos messing around with it in the
future and I really wanted it for the
winter so I mean it really just worked
out but ya think you had someone for
watching this video don't forget to
leave a like share ends if you enjoyed
subscribe for you and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
