what is going on guys today we are back
and I just gotta show you guys something
real quick oh boy oh yeah oh yeah okay
okay okay
yeah I got these in my p.o box in the
last opening we did if you guys missed
that video you guys should definitely go
watch it is the video right before this
one we did a peel box opening in the
bath Quentin and I did and it was hot
but boom check that out they're real
okay they're real easy and also these
came in the mail about a month late
another Kate Upton poster this one might
be one of my new fave and then this one
as well lots of side boob to go with
that one
I believe there's three more that never
came in for some reason I have no idea
why but I guess it's for the best
because I don't really have any room
anyway if I do put those two up they're
gonna have to go on my ceiling because
there's really literally nowhere else I
can put them I want my hundred K plaque
to go here if I ever get it I said I'll
have my one hundred thousand subscriber
plaque and I don't think I'll ever get
my million one honestly but yeah I guess
that's really all I had to update you
guys on got a super big mouse pad coming
in this morning because every time I'm
making my thumbnails like I'm trying to
select a certain part in Photoshop then
my mouse like runs off my mouse pad I
just have a super tiny mouse pad and I
don't like it so I ordered like a
three-foot one today that goes across
all this but yeah looking into our
living room look what you did are you
sorry at least No goodnight ah watch out
watch out I gotta try something I feel
like this will look cool in these shoes
woo I got it I don't know why that was
so scary this isn't even very high there
we go
hopefully that look cool alright at that
time speaking of those packages earlier
I think they just came in there is the
strongest smell of cigarettes you will
ever smell right inside this box
oh yes we are one step closer to
completing this setup and I'm so happy
about it saying actually looks really
cool let's open this one no idea what
this would be this is probably not mine
yep not mine looks pretty sweet if you
ask me look at that it's all matchy
almost I'm very proud of this I don't
really know what else I need to complete
it but I feel like this is a pretty good
one right now also guys it has
officially down poured on this foam pit
it's basically ruined out like it is
super soaked I jumped in it yesterday
because it didn't really look wet and
then right when I jumped in instantly
regretted it my socks were so she still
enjoys it so I guess that's all that
matters oh wow you're not biting me for
once but I guess it's time so yeah guys
this video is a video that I've wanted
to do for a really long time I've had it
in my notes on my phone for a really
long time just never really got around
to it but today is the day I'm about to
go buy 100 shirts I'm gonna go to
Walmart I'm probably going to end up
getting 20 smalls 20 mediums 20 larges
20 extra larges and 20 extra extra
larges I think is the plan I don't know
if I'll be able to do a back flip it'll
be very very sketchy I need to get gas
and I will see you guys once I get the
shirts alright guys well almost 400
dollars later we have exactly 100 shirts
I bought some tank tops and I bought
some v-necks and I bought some regular
t-shirts hopefully I got enough
variation where it will fit comfortably
and these are very bland colors gray
white and black which kind of sucks I
don't know if I'll do anything to change
that or not and last one there we go
now I'm going to call my friend Quentin
over so he can help me put these on
because I think once I get to a certain
point I'm not going to be able to put
the shirts on by myself ready oh I
didn't I mean that kind of counting that
was close enough but
whatever no quit I'm gonna scratch the
window wait wait we've got a
self-promote th why I actually see
people have like stickers on the back of
their car of their YouTube and stuff I
will never wear these shirts again I'm I
just give them away after this video
we'll put them on inside and walk
outside if I can even make it out as in
you yeah
what you mean you're not putting on the
extra hundred pairs I bought you got an
extra hundred no we're home handsome
what happened to your hair I dyed it you
mean it died guess wat Rose you're not
gonna be able to bite you through all
these shirts so there's three to six in
each of these but I got to put them in a
pile okay so 6 10 13 17 20 those are all
small for a 12 18 6 10 14 18 22 larges
that adds up to 60 so far 4 8 12 16 20
and then double extra-large 5 10 15 and
then we have a triple extra-large for
the final one making that 100 shirts
next a lot of shirts you guys know
what's crazy about Trump winning the
election we did a comments trolling
video a really long time ago and Dylan
sat down and talked to a guy and he said
hey sir
do you like Donald Trump yeah I don't
like him either he will win he knew in
the future no this goes completely
against your channel you putting on a
bunch of shirts they use more taking
your pretty family band mail hey Doc oh
we got you some shoes always they sure
he knows it they are nice hey let's
start off with our tank tops oh these
are really small like this bro I think I
should have just got all largest one
there's two I started to get on here you
think it's a little chilly outside three
you know what you'd do
once I get all 100 I'll shoot you to
work exactly bulbs oh geez yeah four
should we get a whiteboard my tally yep
there's five we're one twentieth of the
way there
thank you high school seven eight I'm
gonna be more sweaty after this than I
was when I was a water bottle for
Halloween I'm ready for bed I'm ready to
get these off and closet door phobic
afraid of Santa Claus and if I go crazy
and start panicking you've got to cut
them off me okay I don't know how many
of this is but once I get through the
first 20 all now they're starting to
begin to get hard I don't freaking know
how I'm gonna get a hundred of these on
I feel like we should do this by the
trampoline unless you do backflips every
20 oh man have you been all right
the first 20 are on let's go see if I
can go back foot I'm gonna bring you
guys along so no we can see ready I'm
not getting my feet wet I'm staying back
here Rose what did you think of that
what did you think on to the next 20 you
know couples goals I wonder what the
world record is I would do a backflip on
ground but I don't think I could do that
with this many on maybe I could I'm
opening my front door it's really hot I
need some ice cubes in my shirt help me
do these mines
I got ice cubes mom
it's breakin why you have to turn water
laughing I'm over here ah there you
trying flips as you go no well I'm gonna
do a back flip in the yard once I get
the rest of these 40 first 40 Oh all
right this is the 40th shirt I don't
know if I can do a backflip little try
we're going sledding after this and
that's final if you don't land at least
it's not gonna hurt one two three I
think I can land that you can do it
again yeah one two three god it's like a
weight on my chest that I can't escape
alright whatever I landed it shut up you
just kind of feel like getting reborn
once I get out of this push me and
stomachs heard you can really no we're
only halfway there alright this is the
last one I'm doing in here I'm going out
in the yard I can't feel what I'm
rubbing right now it feels like I'm
rubbing someone else okay
um go ahead and hand me the shirt Thanks
ah we're almost 260 yeah I feel like a
t-rex if I don't back up on the
trampoline dude I'm literally gonna flop
over there's not gonna be any throwing
of the arms look at the amount of shirts
it goes all the way to my neck it's like
a deep abyss I have a shirt no deal
I only bought a hundred back foot time I
don't know what Rose is gonna think of
this row this is honestly scaring me
double double scariest two seconds of my
life I was scarier than quadruple front
flip into that rock hard phone bitch
she's here to help you well thank you
fresh you don't know how huge you looked
right oh so this will be a tea after
this I need more ice cubes you still
have like 20 more shirts after this boat
oh no number 80 no my at all Oh Jinta I
have like 30 ice cubes in my shirt and
then just a giant blueberry let me see
the biggest guy on the yard he's so
confused starting to be a hole in this
trampoline that's
you know I don't like this at all this
gives me hope do a kaboom let's do this
this isn't the triple extra-large is it
open oh yeah you should take that shovel
and just slam it into me like you're
right
like my head though okay just kidding
and then you can feel like wet sounded a
bit this is like putting on the
pillowcase now you know I'm about to
fall off this frigging porch you're not
giving me much operating hmm we should
do 100 layers of pants right now and
then a hundred layers of beanies 100
layers of ski mask yeah looking good I
feel sick
I'm pretty sure my stomach's either
gonna be red or white from no blood flow
how many are left like five anybody it's
on my head
I thought the head hole was the bottom
99 100 we did it that's a little big on
yeah can you get it I can keep moment of
truth guys see if I can walk into the
backyard first yeah I had a hiccup oh my
god back looks with weights on your
chest honestly if I don't make the back
of em over I'm breaking my arms ready
one
- yes this is a big weight off my chest
not really still freaking hurts you
gotta get a side view as well I'll do
another one Rose I'm going to do a
better backflip and a hundred shirts and
you did with my assistance if my legs
had more than three pairs of pants on
there's no way I could do this if I
jumped in the foam pit I would I would
die there's no way of getting the foam
pit ever so far away of me getting
usually just a roll I could pull you out
you're helping me out here
maybe aah oh my god oh my god help help
Rose no in my time of need what are you
doing she's going to bed
oh no fighting I'll do a Kip up right
now you won't I'll do it back up on that
trampoline as well he'll know I'm kind
of cozy now never mind okay I need to
get you in the gym dude come in you ply
it down mister
one two three backflip ah I think we're
done let's get me undressed now we still
have to put some designs on your fear oh
yeah here's some silver our bright blue
doesn't know your face no I'm kind of
getting used to this cover-up thank you
draw a star on my chest sit whew perfect
Oh God to look good on I'm stylin one
more backflip with the star you look
like Bigfoot all right double real quick
just kidding I'm done let's get me out
of this bull crap
oh you like it alright guys so the
original plan was to take these off and
donate them to people will probably do
that with like the last 50 but we're
gonna have to cut some of these off
because we just can't get them off well
we got one off this won't start that is
a souvenir dude no no that's a lesson
you know I just I'm going for the banana
no trust me
no yeah ball I need it your
disappointment and begin time lapse
okay let's take these off okay okay ah
my big jacket is off oh my god you
wasted so many shirts Oh to use them
that's literally like some blankets so
stick your wrist ease off without
cutting them really good good job
there's so many ice cubes oh so it was
100 layers of shirts back up challenge
with five ice cubes you guys better
leave a like for those yeah oh my god
this was not a pleasant experience
whatsoever alright guys well that is
basically it for this video I hope you
enjoyed it
that was horrible but I mean it was it
was kind of fun leave a like if you
enjoyed subscribe to you and I'll see
you guys the next one peace out
you came in looking like that you just
maybe cacao
