can I take my pants off before she can
what's going on guys
today my dog just bit the shit outta me
I want this side I had a bubble bed
right sometimes all right what's going
on guys I already said it but today
we're in the bubble bath do you new to
the channel that's weird but the reason
we're in the bath thank you so much mom
the reason we're in the bath is because
this video get more views if we're in a
bubble bath in this only like our 13th
video we've made in this bath I feel
like we're gonna stab each other since
the bubbles are gonna be in the way
we're not going to be looking at them
are getting this looks cool trying to
keep my arms on the water looks like I'm
about to fight just kidding I would use
my fists I'd use my knife oh we have sea
urchins slithery little sneaky snake ooh
thank you
was it safe hi tanner daddy brown GART
you have inspired me to learn how to do
flips also we share the same favorite
drink bleach is the best I wish one day
I can meet up with you I live in
California say hi to Quentin and your
mom and sister and brother hi
her name is Carla hi Carla guys just
make sure if you send me any packages
from now on they are bubble bath proof
oh we're getting so many stuffed animals
today how am i could open t-rex Dragon
like it's a dragon do you like dragon
what I Drive it a lot cuz in a minute
I'm gonna be dragging my balls mister
face what are these someone set me up
virtual reality something now these are
binoculars see it the big hole I see
your fortune nothing
they sent me a freaking baseball Cup but
maybe they ever not use breaking down a
yo-yo
Oh Adam he's from California hi Adam
Oreos will eat those later and an iPhone
that definitely has an iphone in it why
is there a piece of unpopped popcorn in
this hold it colonel be careful a new
National iPhone all right let's see
what's inside you just randomly out goes
back on we were getting any thumbnail
why do people send me baseball cards I
don't know but thank you baseball cards
pennies a 50 Cal bullet and some stuff
for some golf
and then there's 50 cows in there 50
cows Yeah right off the farm then
there's a gift card a McDonald's gift
card I think that might be for you it's
for me thank you
so I got this without was a one but I
shaken it sounds like there's water in
there well we're in water right now I
little bit in Rylan Houghton yet let's
take would be appreciated dear flip
daddy
my name is Rylan and I am 10 years old
and I live in Arkansas I've been
watching your videos since I was six and
I could do a triple back at seven you're
messed up I learn how to do a back flip
on the ground when I was five but I can
only do a double front what kind of crap
is that
wait some Z goes triple back to back
flip to double front you're not making
sense here buddy
some boys telling fibs I sent you a
train whistle hey Sandman train whistle
he forgot to mention Ethan made a tampon
as well thank you for that I have a
vehical a drink for later oh and then he
should taper brush it go away
those might be letters Thank You Rylan
but muy bueno this is really cold should
we see if it's bleach dump it in the
bath I take bleach baths if you guys
watch my strange addiction bleach
enthusiast Thank You Luke Springer we
need some more backdrop yeah biggest box
of the day this is kind of nice this
tape isn't gaashah vehicle oh thanks for
the nut Lamborghini I don't know what
this is think it's a Porsche I think
it's a car thank you sons I his name's
Ian my name is Gabe I am seven years old
I'm a big fan my favorite video is
Tanner Braungart through the years Thank
You Gabe guys in my last video I said my
shoe size was 9.5 and these are some 9.5
nice I don't know what it is but good
job is that a wig or a parrot maybe he's
a wig hey it is if you had lice I'm
gonna regret this what is this a guitar
where my binoculars a tenor I've been
watching you for a while and I just
wanted to send you a package and sorry
in a shoebox I didn't have a normal box
he sends me a guitar Thank You Matthew
Smith and there's also something else in
here actually this is a flashlight it's
a nerf something I don't know
I can't see first off you sent me some
actually pretty awesome a fan art Big
Easy's do yes what are they nine and a
half no they're probably like 13 these
are huge but a kite Riley zone Thank You
Danny and Silvia Tarver what the Frick
Oh big blow up already
oh yeah it's a freaking party up in here
I don't know how you shut them off
there's like a million different
variations that's a super freakin
awesome package thank you so much they
literally made this box out of duct tape
mmm money news take a shot oh here
where's the trash pile oh man that was
awesome Mintos for our mentos vs back
throw moment no no wait I want to I want
to eat one for these Apple Oh got one
Thank You penny mom won't give you my
YouTube plaque this guy went out of his
way and sent me congratulations on 1
million subscribers it's a wooden plaque
thank you why why'd you take the mask
you guys making it too hard I guess he
didn't want me to put this mask on what
else is in this box of wonders
I am anonymous what is this the best fan
or I've ever gotten
thank you so much sliders are away I'm
going Highway all nothing thank you a
tin Morton okay this scarf is quite the
little box of goodies okay we have
something in there for everybody
including Quentin Gill interest in
Taylor and a goodie bag well only Oh
Stuart here's so and she says on the
number one not to be liked
Thank You Molly you're number one what
else is in there adults for Dylan Taco
Bell Jane a ton of Mentos there's a
horse there's a ton of just random crap
that I can't even open a video on this
bill at all
let's get I had it up perfect mine
turned out like ash this looks like a
piece of gum on my arm dude guess what's
inside a freaking box Brown hey I didn't
break anything
I honestly hate this kid this is some
homework it's a good thing damn dude he
did all of that so he could send me a
duct taped piece of paper with some
coins and two bouncy balls thank you I
guess
keep sending tattoos I love them hey you
just dropped one dummy head Oh God read
it read it
my name is Cruz and I'm 13 years old I
live in Southern California I have sent
you mail before but this time I wanted
to send you something that you would
like and show but in this package is a
tank top I got you a 3d printed tech
o-type deck I printed you and oh yeah I
kind of just do it out those piece of
trash and have a 1 going subscriber
plaque for you I sent these things
because I wanted to award you
congratulations on hitting one zero zero
zero zero so fast I hope you like these
sings and keep up the good work from
Cruz Thank You Cruz either Cruz or Cruz
or crust I don't know I think it's crust
thanks brother have me brother don't
know no homo
bro what is this a shocking pin a little
go good with a bath though I think they
wanted to so I think I've had one of
these at a Carnivale these are good oh
yeah that hurt okay
Emma that's it yes do it dude teen know
what's gonna hurt me no well yes it will
ah alright your coins
I see paper could it be Havering coin
you know I'm really good at ripping your
fam stuff hey thank you for this this is
really cool
Thank You Kol and Rylan you're welcome
you're not calling that they sent you a
pencil my number to know if you ain't
talking money I wanna talk ah Taco Bell
for life thank you quit getting my boxes
in my back look no no no no no no I eat
up chow
you did it yeah she's a bath party
Merson these geezers are really good
what could this be
swagging a bob
hey you were right a car charger I like
it dude this is like one of the most
useful fuel box openings like usually
they're just a bunch of rubber band
bracelets in hello tanner flip daddy
Braungart I've been watching your videos
for about six months I love them you
inspire me to get a tramp and do
backflips on the ground I'm nine years
old I hope you enjoy the glasses and and
I know you said no to sending money
but I thought you could use some Taco
Bell change Thank You Micah hope you
enjoyed the art ooh he did give me some
hard Wow
thank you what'd you say whenever I pick
this up on the peel box I was thoroughly
confused as to why this was so big and
it's just flimsy and Benson 5u haha I'm
very hard
that means yay oh they sent me some
origami dude something you the
Declaration of Independence
Willy yeah that's slut words
my name is sausage Sawyer I am a really
big fan I have been watching you for a
long time I really enjoy watching you
you also inspired me to beg begging big
my dad for a tramp oh it's led me to beg
and I get confused my dad for a prom ooh
don't go in at tramps and then and then
we got one you got a tramp good job I
bet she's doing well keep up the boy no
work Oh
Sawyer Thank You Sawyer for the novel yo
I used to have one of these laser
pointer what did math school where'd you
put the bags on my freakin crap in it
just say no thank you some bracelets and
some balloons and and art that's what
you want to call me
let's see you can blow them into a bubs
okay first haha stop it I can't do this
with gum okay
that is plenty tape is even better
white staples so funny miss golly they
literally wrap the whole thing and take
gummy bears hey these are
yeah the Chi sets were pretty good too
but man that's a Lambo
that's a truck but what happened to my
finger Hey look at you
what is this bunch crap oh yeah but a
bracelet the bracelet things right slick
form or bracelet day Katrina or good
girl you're on Tony Thank You Garrett ni
Bunga thank you for making a huge impact
on my life I've been watching your
videos for about a month and a half this
is a painting oh thank you and that was
the last package oh no I want to see if
I still have my tats
there is one guys it's a shark guys the
cheez-its are starting to deteriorate
and we've just we've got ended there
thank you guys so much for watching this
video hope you guys enjoyed it and if
you did don't forget to leave a like and
share the friends if you enjoyed I just
I've said enjoyed a lot I hope you
freaking enjoy it okay and yeah thank
you guys for watching him we'll see you
in the next one peace out it ain't my
fault
you
fuck you came in looking like that you
just maybe
