what is going on guys I hope you all
having a good day so far and today
Taylor happy birthday
our dog kinda that's probably like one
of the worst things she's done though so
that's pretty good Hey
what's up you get a good night's sleep
if you guys tell my video yesterday I
showed rose chewing on this pad and
looks like she's taking off some other
film as well this is like her new spot
like she sleeps there and everything I
just leave open the foampit now so she
can get inside cuz she really likes it
and there's really no point in covering
it up because I'm pretty sure it's all
wet and nasty either way it's a foam pit
comfy look you go practice your
backflips I got to go bye Taylor a
birthday present well kinda I already
have a present but let me explain it
real quick so this is the gift that I
already bought okay it turns out I
actually did a horrible job at
explaining it the day before this Taylor
asked if I had any batteries in my room
and I told her yes they're in my closet
but that MacBook was still sitting on my
floor so she had to walk past this so I
wasn't sure if she saw it or not so the
plan was I was going to go to the mall
and get her a new gift and then I was
going to hand her the new gift and be
like here you know this is your only
gift and then I was going to whip out
the MacBook afterwords and yeah
hopefully it'll be a good older brother
so that's what I'm gonna do right now
we're gonna go to the mall and pick it
out alright ready to go I'm driving
right yep
how about you riding this and all right
in mind for a video that we should race
yeah how about we just go to an airport
well find one that is not in use and
make it happen
forty thousand likes and I'll race my
mom I'll be in my Challenger and she'll
be in her Camaro you won't win so what
are you getting her um some plugins from
legends my guys from leggings leggings
are liking she better appreciate me or
she won't get another birthday present
ever again
Hey look what I found in here for milk
dud yeah that's from whenever I did
backflips for candy I haven't really
cleaned that out yet how do you like my
snapchat of me going 100 and
snapchatting it how would you like my
phone call right after telling you that
I didn't like it cuz it took up some of
my time from listening to music and
going fast
there's my twin
I'll write some ah his turn signals are
way cooler than mine can I please get
halo lights
what are halo light they're like really
cool lights on your car so we stopped by
for some Taco Bell and turns out ha hi
what up guys
is Taylor here for her birthday lunch I
don't know where we going so you're
gonna have to guide me this could be it
according to our expert here hold up
hold up hold up what is the point of
this cute I guarantee these are like $50
these men's are wonders if you can't
tell then who cares you ever went away
all right mom you have fun in there I'm
not bringing a camera in all this oh
I'll do what he's doing now what's it
going to be a sour Center super sour
Center
it's sour alright we are back home got a
huge whatever my mom bought and now we
wait I'm actually gonna go fill my
challenge right now that was up before
this video this is our small little
birthday gather
Wow where's my present oh I have a
present for you I forgot okay I'm taking
over the blog Wow here's my mom's here's
the decoy here's the bad boy here we go
you busy okay happy birthday happy
birthday try that someone I thought you
were gonna give it is what she didn't go
with this outfit just put them on right
now I don't have any stuff I don't care
go get my socks they're on the floor in
my room okay kid a real present thank
you and you almost ruined it quiet well
I'm gonna say whether what cuz I thought
you changed your mind what do you say I
said thank you say it louder
Tanner's awesome you have to make a
video once every two weeks and there's
two weeks
yes that's my schedule by the way I
already installed all the editing
software so open it up cuz it's kind of
already open there's that then you have
this is this uses power to electric get
it I've never known what this is I have
it on my floor so instructions have fun
I'm
forced to make videos now yeah you
better become a youtuber okay happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday kid
cameras this way mom I know but like I'm
not gonna read it yeah we got places to
be
yeah trust in what this doesn't mean
you're getting one for your birthday now
I got to finish editing a video because
I'm a daily youtuber attempting to be
one right now and then I think we're
going to go to the bowling alley
I'll probably just screw around there
and yeah the last time that I was here
at the bowling alley it was the first
time that I got recognized outside in
public I felt special I've never
understood girls why
thank you
look I'm already off to a pretty good
start you might as well quit
high five mom the dog
it's the last frame and I'm going to go
right even though this is a heavy ball
boy good to go again since you got a
strike I actually got two in a row hey
again so I swipe it
what does this a bonus all I get another
ball I don't see no ball I think I just
got bamboozled welcome Kevin get virtual
jump rope
I fell off but pretty good he's better
than me go Lily
only 75 cents for a little piece of
candy
oh it's scooping oh I got some suckers
oh thanks for nothing
you know how money you got to do what
you got to do
we call that stalling doing this is my
solid flow is still falling
you tuber by day baller by night
Oh get the Butterfinger bear
Wow
Taylor I linked your channel in the
description of one of my most recent
videos and you kind of got 5,000
subscribers from that so I mean so you
need to shave your head like I did for
5k I tried okay so we're about to go
into this little maze ninja course thing
they have like lasers and stuff and you
have to like creep through them or else
you hear that sound it like that that's
not fair
no one hold your hand oh it's here bull
I'm catching man all right can I see me
more as you
hold your hand on the yellow hand
scanner
might not want to forget these let's go
see you later
hi so we're heading out now because you
couldn't really see inside of that laser
thing anyway and I mean it was pretty
fun but yeah my mom tried to follow me
with a flashlight but she followed
through the lasers which was the point
of the game to avoid but yeah guys I'm
gonna go home and head to bed so I can
wake up early and edit this video so I
hope you guys enjoyed it don't forget to
leave a like share with friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you knew and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out you
came looking like that you just maybe
