who's filming the camera is that no life
is being recorded you are and three of
us yeah would you sit down thank you
what's going on guys today I'm Joan here
with my sister and my boyfriend now I'm
your brother huh he's actually my best
friend I actually hate him a lot this is
gonna be who knows me better challenge
it's gonna be my sister versus my best
friend I should just say boyfriend then
get a lot more views I have a list of
questions on my phone that I'm gonna go
read off and I guess you guys are gonna
ding ding ding then you're gonna be like
here's the answer and then you're gonna
get a point where's the dinner at what
are we gonna ding you have to say Dean
and whoever loses gets to whoever loses
has to eat all those chocolate things
off that sucked
whoever loses the winner does their
makeup I'm not not today I'm not losing
so it's fine so whoever loses gets their
makeup done by you the winner gets to do
the losers makeup okay okay here's the
first one are you guys ready we're ready
at what age did I dye my hair blonde for
the time 16d wait no she got it I was 8
years old whenever I'd done it for the
first time how about you let me answer
that question answer it
how about you let me see the question
yes I dyed my hair for the first time
whenever I was 8 years old because we
used to look like twins made the same
color hair Wow Wow
next one what is my shoe size ding 9
ding 9 and a half he wins were you with
me whenever I bought shoes lost yeah
that's not fair it's one to one
you could you could go the extra mile
alone this is an odd number of questions
I don't know okay we could probably
either if you guys tie then you gonna do
my makeup what age could I land my first
backflip Thanks seven no ding a front
flip
I could land at 7 it was really 8 yeah
oh he didn't even know but he guessed
right that's how school works what is my
favorite band
ding Big Time Rush wait where is it was
I right no ding engineer
my second to one gun roses ever since I
was a lad I listen to them and Big Time
Rush but yeah you guys are tied two to
two I'm still wet from the shower but
you get wet during that's actually
sometimes what is my favorite trampoline
trick that I still do doing triple front
you've won your slow I don't know I
don't keep up with you trampolines duh
no one does okay I used to play ps2 a
lot and I played Tony Hawk's American
wasteland and I played guitar hero but
those are excluded okay what has always
been my favorite video game can call it
baby
what's Call of Duty the fighting why
your one that's what I said it first
oh yeah I'm sorry the first one the
perfect person of what all right neither
to get a point gosh I can't have a point
have you said ps2 no I said not ps2 Oh
I've ever gotten what month did I hit 1
million subscribers
Dean September was it really I don't
know I'm pretty sure for sure was last
month so what is this one it is turn of
my gosh is September September October
okay that makes sense three to three
yeah okay not counting something I watch
on Netflix which is basically not
counseling Family Guy and American Dad
because I love those shows but what is
my favorite TV show that is still on
that I watch The Walking Dead I do like
big brothers / yes The Walking Dead is
my current favorite I'm gonna watch that
tonight actually it's Sunday next up
what is my most viewed YouTube video
ding the water bed on it I knew that one
but is like what's the title
ding water bug versus water bed right
you got it you got it
okay four to four okay um quick peek in
it I don't know peeking this too many
day - one you're cheating how tall am I
to the nearest inch ding by 10
no oh um five seven five nine you were
closer
I'm 5/8 at a point for me I guess why is
my favorite restaurant and what would I
order there
ding Taco Bell and what would I order
talking
ding one Doritos locos taco and one soft
taco and a regular one soft taco how
about who saw our two soft office it
depends on your mood yeah okay yeah you
probably eat with me more because you're
kind of my sister so I guess you went
how many questions I'd love to but I'll
make up a third one okay edit this out
give me two points and then we're tied
and there's like he's gonna get to that
point how many times have I been pulled
over
ding three yeah in the core four - oh
good alright so it's 6 to 5 yes guess a
ding too many high discs a title I've
been off to make up another question
what year did I make my youtube channel
ding that was a tide boots saying 2011
alright that was at the same time so let
me make up a question real quick were we
right yeah what's another question how
many boys have you kissed how many boys
if I kiss one am I better at making diss
tracks than rice Jane yes okay it's all
time I think it was all proven in that
dude squad district wait what was it
what was the deal if we tied we dude
isn't it good yeah but you're not tied I
had one more you said it I have one more
you're not doing my makeup hey I've
already done my own makeup it's almost
like I like a penis but it's not what
was my original YouTube series I came up
with Jane oh it was something who I
haven't read it I'm gonna go to play
traveling versus oh okay guys here it
comes
what was my first viral video ding
watermill trickshot ding ding I'm doing
your makeup well um you guys both did
all right
okay say we go get your makeup tools
ready we'll meet you in the bathroom
okay as Taylor being the winner she's
chosen that I get to do his makeup cuz
it'll be funnier but more funny I've
only done this one time remember
he was what no no no to me
we're gonna start just with some simple
touch-up I'm gonna leave everything even
on that Robin alright this says Mary Kay
that's a makeup person what is that no
no there's a silver ball on it I don't
know we're not gonna mess with this
could be toxic
your mom's lips have been on that right
yeah put it on me all right ready no
pucker those things you're going on
mouth you open your mouth okay
let's do a little Joker thank you okay
this smells like cinnamon I wonder what
your parents will think of this what
does this stuff even do mmm oh it's
eyeshadow more no shadow you're so
beautiful
how long until you start doing makeup
tutorials on your channel like you said
you would pretty soon I want to look
like a stripper not an idiot what is
this I know what this is for your
eyelashes I want you getting that close
to my eye just close it oh my god I can
feel you mixing oh my god I don't know
were you talking about look I mean it
was free so what is this it's a
thermometer I was a concealer so you
shave your beard all right I was going
to make a YouTube play button but it's
not going to work
use the lipstick for that I have a
signature actually like a little a
symbol I put on myself a long time ago
yeah I wanted that symbol is this
there's a lot of people like breaking
down my door trying to get me to do it
for that really yeah I got you on that
though I don't know it could be it seems
like you're signing your name it's a
vase look there's the eye right there
and right there
and then the smile that's a big nose
though yeah it's just really big nose I
think it's time for you to get a bath of
course after we go out to a nice dinner
okay you can leave I need the out drink
to myself all right well that's pretty
much it for this video guys I hope you
guys enjoyed it another challenge we mix
it up this time but I want to keep doing
challenges at least like once a week or
something like that I don't know I
they're pretty fun to do and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and yeah thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
leave a like share with the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe you new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe check
