good morning oh you want a belly rub
ready to do a backflip today we got a
nice soft foam pit right over there just
for you what is going on guys today I'm
here with my cousin Owen originally we
wanted to teach my grandpa back flip but
he broke his toe and he doesn't want to
make it any worse so we're resorting to
teaching my dog a back flip even though
I want to do this video as well I think
it'll be fun I think I think Rose is
ready are you ready I came out here last
night to look forward because I was
going to bring her inside so she can
sleep in her kennel and she was just
chilling in the foam pit and I think
she's definitely had some fun in here
you've been eating that foam but that's
good for you yeah we only need like half
the foam pit rows you're usually running
around all energetic you gotta get
pumped up for your big stunt
I left the foam pit open last night so
it's really wet I mean it was wet either
way but you know how soft it oh I know
he's never been in the foam pit but yeah
our hump it sucks you want to try a quad
front into it like I did oh my god it's
like a brick I don't know if it's safe
to throw her in here bro it got way way
harder all right well now that my back
is broken doesn't it hurt alt Rose is
going at it she lands on her head all
the time on the floor in my house from
running and tripping over her own feet
so if she manages get hurt come on let's
practice you do a backflip just show me
what you got no let me show you how it's
done ready watch very carefully can you
do that it's really nasty in here in
that sweetie let me give me a hug oh yes
thank you quit drinking out of that
you're gonna die come on run you
shouldn't be able to stand straight up
on a foam pit
do it on top of this this is super soft
ready backflip come on Rose what was
that fun she's getting warmed up now
does it count if we do it for her eyes
you're biting my arm oh it's wet over
there yeah I know yeah you probably peed
in quit pissing in my pit that's
disgusting
all right here we go Rose yeah I'm about
to get a cat I can do this crap okay
they always land on their feet
you need to start putting in some work
I'm doing all of it yeah Oh kick me in
the days she extended her legs all the
way she was ready to land that time I
thought she just kicked me in the face
1 2 3 she's getting better she knows
what she's doing
leaving Oh what now you want to do some
flips huh
are you ready
I think you're ready two three dude
she's getting it I'm a proud dad okay
well she bites the foam and takes a
little break we will do our own tricks
ah
I suck at those
hi Owen Stern ready learn a backflip on
tramp I think this is going to be the
one time I try to teach someone or
something a backflip and they don't do
it grandpa why couldn't you just gave it
a try all right here we go
are you gonna jump into the foam pit
you'll jump in the foam pit after you're
done in this issue up all you're in
there you you ready hey come on can I
have a pad gotta be extra careful
two three she did it all on your own
I didn't help jump into this one pit
jump ready I'll help you jump in Oh
Oh buddy has a foam pit right there
video you're like oh my god you
shouldn't be flipping your dog she just
face planted off my trampoline look at
her she's fine now she's drinking out of
my freakin basketball goal you know we
have a container of water literally
right by the back door got to make sure
I can still do this ahh
this is scary I'm not having anything
hold me back they're basically shorts
okay I have another triple front and
nine
did it okay funny too tight you got it
easy
yeah those are still really fun to me
with pads when there's absolutely no
pain it's just a blast I don't think I
could do it in jeans so props to you I
miss triple front those are my favorite
we're gonna try to teach rose for a
little bit longer I'm gonna put my
clothes back on
he's got a yummy snack pretty sure
there's toxins in there all right we're
gonna see if Owen is a better dog
backflip her she likes that one a lot
more for some reason it's not like I'm
the one that takes you outside every
morning at 5 a.m. to 3 do she's getting
better
1 2 3 she's kicking out she knows where
she is huh 1 2 3
you landed it and then you stumbled why
did you stumble remind me of my mom look
me in the eyes we've got this okay we
can do this please me your rows flip
doggy Brown guard I'll or your I bite
Tanner even though he takes care of me
run guard I think she just followed some
foam I'm gonna do less okay I'm gonna
throw you into this backflow B you're
gonna do it all on your own okay one two
three all right we're gonna leave you to
sleep on my foam and continue to eat
pretty much toxic foam okay can I hug
you pretty good Rose what do you hate me
huh what do you hate me okay you go get
some sleep we'll see you when we're
teaching you a triple front flip okay hi
guys well I think she's pretty much done
so please don't think I'm trying to hurt
my dog because she literally neck
planted off of my trampoline from four
feet up so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video don't forget to leave a like
share through friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys the next one
peace out wait let Rose cover it peace
out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe
