what is going on guys I literally just
woke up took a shower and I don't think
I've said anything about this but check
it out I got a brand new gaming chair
and it's because my current chair my
desk really really sucks so I was like
you know why it's time for an upgrade
and my favorite color is blue so I got a
bright blue dxracer chair a ton of
youtubers have this chair so I'm really
basic but I don't care I've never even
sat in one but this one was like $300 so
I will kind of review it and stuff in a
little bit but right now I'm gonna go
eat my ax cinnamon toast crunch it's
ready came with the little headrest in
thanks for your back alright now that I
got that bull crap out of the way yeah
see you later
woohoo moral support
feels like trash good wait what's new
again blue need moral support I'm
freaking doing it for you it's a joke
we're almost halfway there
we're halfway there looking back now
nothing's gonna get in the way alright
guys the moment of truth it's literally
an adult car seat all we need is a
seatbelt and we got it but I like it we
had a few extra parts so I'm just
waiting for this whole thing just
collapse one day rose I hope you guys
know the song it's not gonna be a funny
joke
every night
Aziz da way quitting it chef rung guard
how's the foampit looking have you
looked at it no we need to look at it
here oh yeah we bought a ton of
Halloween candy like how much do we have
left over like four bags yeah we have
all of this leftover because we thought
a lot of kids would come to our house
this year but we do live on like a
dead-end street on the edge of town so
but there was just like nobody that came
but I didn't get to meet a few fans so
that was pretty fun ah
I'm bored all right guys so it's 4:00 in
the morning now I went to bed at like
10:30 and then I woke up at 2:00 and
it's just one of those nights right I
can't sleep for some reason I got like
no sleep yesterday so I don't know why
I'm not tired but blocked on YouTube
today and check it out 1 million views
on the draw my life I remember when I
said I'd make it draw my life at 10,000
subscribers and then it's always been
one of my favorite videos ever since
it's just really awesome that that got a
million views I'll probably make an
updated one whenever I'm like 18 or 20 I
don't know depends how interesting my
life kids also guys I think I'm gonna be
going back to California and like a week
or so I'm not gonna say what for yex I
don't know exactly what's going to
happen if everything's going to go to
plan or not so I just won't say anything
but I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be going
back let me tell you it's boring in
Kansas but it's really boring at 5:00 in
the morning also guys along with me
gaining subscribers like I'm back to
gaining like 10,000 a day or something
crazy you know along with all the
subscribers you get a lot of people that
are like why does he have porn stars on
his wall why is this kid so perverted
and all this stuff if you're new to my
channel I hope you know okay there's a
joke I'm obsessed with Kate Upton also
bleach and Taco Bell and what else
there's there's a lot of inside jokes on
this channel one of my favorite ones the
one on the ceiling right above me
starting to fall off it's starting to
come off a little bit and I don't like
it this is the only one that's not
starting to fall because I put like all
of them down here and thankfully because
this is the original Kate Upton poster
and it's my favorite one by far so
please tell your parents that is just a
joke ok I'm not actually a weird
perverted teenager even though I'm
pretty sure all teenage guys like boobs
but I'm pretty sure if you've ever been
to a beach or a public pool you're gonna
see some of that
another thing is I've been thinking
about doing daily videos again but the
thing about those are whenever you make
daily videos you basically have to slave
your day and basically you know your
whole life if you're doing it every day
to whatever's going to get the most
views you know because if you make a vid
called me laying in bed talking it won't
get very many views thing is most
youtubers that I watch do daily videos
and I know I could make daily videos if
I wanted to which I do want to I try my
best to make daily right now but it's so
hard to find something interesting to do
every single day I mean I can vlog every
day if you guys want me to I'll also
make like challenge videos and stuff
along the way cuz I'm not only gonna
make vlogs that's boring I don't know
what's up guys its prankster 402 81 back
I'm eating a gummy worm and we're gonna
go prank my brother we're gonna wake him
up I'm gonna shine a flashlight in his
face it's gonna be funny mm-hmm I just
had to show everyone that you're a
unicorn so much good night he's getting
colder so this is what I do whenever I'm
bored I just go drive like this is
basically everyday take the same amount
straight road open road and I just got
my oil changed on my car my car is like
way faster now for some reason and I
found out this new setting you can see
your record of going from zero to 60
miles per hour and mine is 6.3 four
seconds which you know I don't know if
that's good or bad I don't know how to
get a like bolting start or whether
that's cold and I don't have a supercar
or anything but I don't know they just
made it way faster I'll show you guys
all right we're gonna see if we can beat
my personal record of 6.34 start ready
okay here we go
I think I beat it it says new best so
there we go alright now I'm gonna go
back home because I was going to try to
film the sunrise but turns out doesn't
rise for another two hours bummer
yo guys is borning now and there are a
lot of comments asking how I do my hair
so I guess I'll show you it's not really
hard at all but first things first go
take a shower or something get your hair
wet and then get out and then like use a
towel and I just took a shower and then
just start putting it up with water
you're going to need yourself one of
these bad boys I just keep it on hot put
it on high and then just like style it
up
and I used to use mousse and hairspray
by just don't like hairspray so I use
this you can get like any kind of paste
texturizing web with matte finish so
there's like a ton of different things
like this you can get and then it
depends on how much hair you have how
much you get if you have about this then
I'd probably get like I don't know that
much now you're going to get this and
you're just going to rub it in all over
your hands and once you've got your
hands covered in the bullcrap start from
the back right back here because even
though this is the part that goes up
you're still going to want to be able to
you know push this sideways and stuff
you just don't want it sitting there
just like start back here and just kind
of you know work with it like that and
once you keep working with it it'll
eventually get there and then boom now
you can go take a sexy Instagram picture
I have no clue what condition this phone
pits in could be completely ruined and
nasty and wet and just mildew I have no
idea but I guess we're gonna have to
find out what are you doing I already
see some water on the wood okay guys
this is what it's looking like so far I
can already see water on top of the foam
right there a big nasty leech that's so
gross watch y'all Rose Hotel Rose no
don't eat this look go away why does
water waste so much why hey okay I can't
lift it anymore
look at that you there's mold right
there growing on the pads all the foam
is soaked I really want to teach her a
backflip but I don't know this pump is
really nasty but she seems to be playing
in anyway I don't know this is just so
nasty and I'm gonna get her off there
hey no do not buy it get off this nasty
water come on get out okay it's bath
time for Rose this foam pit is basically
ruined but yeah I don't think I'll be
jumping into it I don't know we'll see
ready for a bath I think you're ready
for a bath
hey in the bath Rico do you wanna know
this one's for human
you know why is it hell on earth to give
you a bath
hey hey yeah yes sir go take a shower
okay there's an attraction on the floor
when you're wet huh all right what's
going sides go get dirty again all right
guys I'm gonna go take a nap because I'm
really tired and she just made me even
more tired but I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog don't forget to leave a like
and share with friends if you did
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out also real
quick before I go guys we filmed a video
for Tristan's channel I was in it we did
a who would be more likely challenge is
that most likely to challenge it meeting
Mike gummy stuff you left them in here
of course I mean here take it but go
watch his video there will be link in
the description so go check it out I
haven't watched it yet so maybe I should
before I promote it but yeah peace out
 you came looking like that you just
maybe check
