Oh bomb you could have told me it was
negative five in here Oh oh thank god
finally some clothes huh maybe oh nice
oh hey Logan how are you good morning
I didn't even know you're up here you
want to hold onto these buddy I bet
you're just as cold as I am right now
I'm not as fast at this I hope you guys
are all having a great day everything my
tracks from my car have been frozen into
the grass it is that cold it's been off
and on freezing raining throughout the
last three days my sickness is coming
back a tiny bit look at the air bubbles
under the concrete check it anyway just
freezing cold so we're gonna go inside
real quick we're gonna get a morning
workout maybe even with Tristan we're
trying to get him on the workout
schedule because we're all on the grind
and after we workout I want to go over
to the gigantic trampoline we have over
there and maybe even some of the smaller
ones and do the video where we jump on
them and it all just shatters like glass
I did it a long time ago and it was just
super pleasing to watch here's that clip
but yeah I hope you guys are all having
a great day and there's also a serious
part of this vlog that I'm going to make
at the end just some things I wanted to
talk about and that I've been thinking
and just what's been going on inside of
my mind the abyss alright let's go
probably Taylor if it's alright I just
want to get a brief montage you know
show the games you know you have
something to look at in the future when
you rip like so yeah yeah I have no
games and begin at it go this is so
interesting okay we all know what you
actually do when you workout just do it
come on
what come on just look at you talk dude
just do it come on what are you talking
about yes you do you know exactly what
he's talking about
just do it dude I really don't know what
you're talking about I don't do that I
gotta go hard I wanna know
this is only four miles an hour to you
we're going to 12 I'm not gonna kick the
Crocs off oh my feet are sweaty
max peed on the treadmill good morning
mom how are you Oh
fine I'm figuring out your issues oh my
sighs pain for real
okay wait for real for real frill like
this will make me cry I'm so excited my
hormone doctor she's phenomenal she's
been doing like research outside of like
normal stuff for years right so she did
all this blood work on me the other day
and they tested for something never
tested before on me I have a genetic
defect the defective gene and you gave
it to me yes so move MTHFR got it well
almost then the lighting for effect here
I'll take over real quick Logan it's a
gene mutation that can make you
susceptible to illnesses by lowering
your body's ability to make glutathione
whatever the primary anti oxidant and
detoxifier so it leads to things like
addictions adult Alzheimer's bipolar
disorder depression and anxiety chronic
fatigue syndrome migraines
sound familiar sister Taylor gets
migraines and this is all a doctor's
Fitness on us
yeah and this is all like new research
well so it goes on to talk about treat
digestive problems
irritable bowel leaky gut everybody good
and I'm like so excited about this it's
like kidney stones made sense but not as
much since is this maybe I'll live a
happy life after all and the thing is I
got this defective gene from one of my
parents so it would explain my headaches
your headaches your gut it can affect
people differently so cool I'll never
have a kid he'll wet and die I spent all
morning watching YouTube videos right
and I did the same yeah I was taking
notes and there's certain kinds of
probiotics that help produce serotonin
and have
stuff that would go to your brain and
there are these big huge words lexif up
offend the members on this crap but I
took a screenshot of them right so as
arlene my doctors telling me all this
different stuff she's like here's the
pill i think will help your condition
she pulls it up that pill has those
things in it those exact things that
these doctors and freaking Australian
everywhere else was talking about just
like so hey maybe my pain will go away
your pain to go away well good way do I
get medicine Rach so I take medicine now
but it doesn't really seem to do
anything guys that is your medical
research all that for the day thank you
to Jeff from Australia
Jeff don't the email to me with the
video that started this whole thing
seriously anyway yeah my mom has been on
the computer for the last few days
trying to just I don't know we have a
lot of stuff I tweeted that I'm excited
for this next month because we have a
lot going on we're all we're all maybe
going our separate ways here that's all
I'm gonna say I don't know but it's
alright because I'll still be swell
after workouts like that
well does anyone want to do something
that I can made a thumbnail on a title
out of like maybe jump on the frozen
trampoline I'll do it because I actually
enjoy doing that let's go
oh I didn't record it but how'd you
spell all that that hurts so bad
oh my krahgg went flying oh this is
gonna hurt bad dude I might want to put
on more clothes for jumping onto that
ice everything's frozen solid
oh no watch out be careful be careful
all right rest time oh my god yeah that
hurt bad
oh my god that was all my back that I've
sweated on on those rocks
well alright that hurt horribly frickin
bad but we're gonna step outside onto
the deck we'll start with the smaller
trampolines I don't even know what the
big trampoline looks like right now look
at that trampoline completely iced over
there's even a layer of ice over this
like I'm not touching wood right now I'm
touching the ice okay I'm gonna make a
venture down the stairs I feel like an
old man this is so sad slow and steady
wins the race there's so much ice on
this trampoline it's being weighed down
look at that it's sagging a ton because
it just weighs so much it's literally a
perfect plate of ice it's beautiful we
fucked it up have you seen that videos
the little girl that jumps in
that's gonna be me I might go start on
the rectangle drop flip or something
front flip I'm doing this for you guys
oh you gotta jump on the little one too
here I'll do that one show them look how
hard that is legitimately what if it
feels like jumping onto a block of ice
what if all the springs just break and
the whole thing just
okay it looks like you're the Hulk
Wow Quinton's here you showed up a
minute too late you would have been the
one to do this glad I showed up late
okay let's try this again we're gonna
walk out very slowly this time right
oh he's mocking me right now oh you're
so funny it's still kind of frozen kind
of noon in rows have definitely been
jumping up here we're still gonna jump
into it though
just kidding I am NOT coming off there
it is way too slick to climb that I
would die
it felt like I just caught my fucking
foot well is that where you clicked on
this video for that was as cool as you
thought probably not I'm sorry I'm just
one man and I'm barely a man come on
fellas we gotta break it all up
and this is how crystal meth is made
okay we've had our fun we're going
inside now guys it's time for the chat
let's go guys I want you to know for the
last few weeks I've literally been
writing down like notes of what I've
been thinking and what I want to say to
you guys so hopefully I can say
everything I want to say right now so
you guys can understand where I'm at and
I guess let's just get into it all right
so I was watching a faze rain video faze
rain used to be one of my favorite
youtubers of all time this is his most
recent upload because he's quit YouTube
I think he's coming back soon but he did
quit for a while the title of it was why
he quit YouTube it was basically him
explaining what his problems were with
YouTube and everything that happened to
him and it was literally the same things
that had happened to me with being too
monetized and his experience just being
a youtuber in general it was like every
word out of his mouth was exactly what
my brain was thinking about everything
that's been going on a lot of you know
this but if you don't know I suffer from
mental health that my mom was talking
about earlier we're trying to get it
figured out just anxiety and I have this
pain that comes to my side and stuff and
that's all just and that's all just
icing on the cake of the stress that
I've been going through lately
basically what phase rain was saying is
he spent all day on YouTube and social
blade and was always checking his stats
how many views he was get it was one big
like competition with not only other
youtubers but himself as well just him
being a youtuber it starts out in the
beginning where you make videos because
you really love it that's what I started
out doing I would make videos it doesn't
matter what the video was it was random
it was me playing a video game it didn't
matter I loved making those videos so
much and as I got more and more
subscribers like any other youtuber I
would do whatever got me the most views
whatever was gonna grow my channel and
overall just make me a more successful
person but being successful or whatever
was not the thing that was making me
happy at all I was making these videos
and eventually I started hating editing
and I had hating filming the videos
period because there were videos that I
just simply did not want to make I
didn't deeply enjoy making them
basically I would find myself saying
that I have to film today or what am I
gonna film today like I would ask my
friends and if I'm like oh I have to
film then obviously it's not passion
anymore it's not it just it's a job
basically and just like phase Ryan said
in that video it took YouTube taking
away my monetization and striking my
channel and everything like that for me
to realize that I'm so much more happy
doing whatever it is I want to do not
making videos and I don't even have
interest in I was making some vlog we're
halfway through the video I'd be
why am I even filming this but I would
just carry on and film it and get it
done just to get the video up just to
upload it just to further my channel and
my subscribers and everything like that
that honestly does not even matter but
it was the same thing for me like I'm a
17 year old boy I want to do stuff that
17 year old boys want to do play video
games hang out with your friends and
just make memories but instead I was
working all day on something for for
what like to rise up on YouTube to get
to what point there's youtubers at the
very top all these millions of
subscribers and I know they're not happy
they're just not happy what makes me
happy as a person is inspiring other
people inspiring you guys and being just
be an inspiration to you guys and you
guys inspire me as well just to be a
good person is my biggest goal that's
what I've been working on for this last
month fix my mental health fix my pain
that I have and just be a good person
and a good role model to you guys and
make funny entertaining videos that can
hopefully let you guys not have to worry
about your problems for whatever it is
ten minutes a day or however long the
video I make is I just like to make
other people free from concern that's
been the goal of my channel and I had to
reestablish that goal behind what I do
or else there's no point in doing what I
do what is it for money for this that I
live in a mansion right now and I don't
give a shit about it I stay in my room I
don't go outside and admire my house I
do admire my car cuz I love cars that is
a deep love that I have I love supercars
and that's one thing I work for but at
the end of the day I was spending all
day doing something I didn't love just
so I could wake up the next day and do
it over and over and then the beginning
of my YouTube channel that's something I
would preach to you guys to never do I
was like don't ever do that you won't be
happy go do something you love forget
about anything that comes with it
whether it be money or friends or fame
or anything do whatever you want to do
and you will be so much happier and over
this last week and a half I've been
playing call of duty I've been hanging
out with Logan about hanging out with
Dylan almost every day Quinton and we've
been fiddle farting around doing
whatever it is that we want to do and
I've been pretty happy but I also have
this hard-working entrepreneurial side
of me that wants to go out and conquer
the world and do this and that and my
brain has just become much because it's
like I'm drawn between these two worlds
and also do I want to live in California
do I want to live in Kansas what I'm
trying to tell you guys right now is my
world has been flipped upside down
recently I've just been caught and
trying to figure out what it is that I
want to do and I know I don't have to
figure it out right this second but just
me as a person I always put the pressure
on myself to find out what it is you
want to do I can never just not be
working I can never sit there and do
absolutely nothing I always have to have
something going on but I guess that's
just me there's so many people that set
out on YouTube nowadays to just make
money or do some click baby bullshit
whenever I want you to
nowadays I steer clear of all of the
click matey vlogs and stuff that have
clickbait t titles and they're not even
funny like there's so many people that
are not funny or not entertaining you
can tell they've just transferred over
to what's gonna get them the most views
and what's the click medias and I'm
completely guilty of doing that never in
a million years would that make you
happy with who you are in any way I'm so
glad that YouTube did that to my views
in my channel and whatnot so I could
finally realize that is not gonna make
me happy in the long term like getting
views for what getting money for what if
there's no passion behind it there's no
fulfillment and I want you guys to know
that for yourself and to relate to what
I am going through right now trying to
figure out what the hell I want to do
and supporting my family as I do it
which is thankfully what dibbs clothing
is doing and some other things but I'm
not gonna get into that but the last
thing that I want to talk about and say
is that I want to set a goal for myself
by summer to be able to do the tour for
you guys I want to travel the world and
I want to meet you guys and I'm gonna do
all of it with a clear head a clear mind
no pain no fear no anything and just go
out and do it and conquer and have it be
a great time with nothing but fun I want
all my life to be focused around having
fun and love no matter what I want this
channel to be a great place full of just
fun positivity and just jokes and
something that people are going to want
to be a part of which is the tan clan
that's what we've started out doing and
it's amazing how many of you guys still
watch all my videos and you still
comment and I see the familiar names and
you guys will really say I can see it in
your eyes Tanner you're not happy when
you're filming this video you are happy
when you're doing this and I still read
the comments there are some comments
that are like you've changed too much
you're not the same Tanner that did this
type of vlogging and every day and
whatnot but that tanner was just not
that happy I'm tired of being that way I
want to be the best person I can be and
that is definitely not it I want you
guys to know how much I care and how
much I'm trying to fix myself so I can
make good videos for you guys entertain
you and make you smile and make you
happy and make you guys care about me
because that's the connection I want and
I never want it to go away that's what I
started YouTube to chase after I didn't
start YouTube to chase after money or
anything like that
even though money's gonna come with it
but money doesn't make you happy at all
Jim Carrey once said that he wishes
everybody could get all the fame and the
money that they wanted in the world so
they could realize that it's not the
path it's not gonna make you happy and
it's just so true I've watched him
Kerry's documentary and everything I
spend hours on this on YouTube guys just
I don't know I'm done weird like that I
guess but I think the goal of going on
tour and just going on with my life and
being a happy person really just
requires me to keep doing what I'm doing
and take a step back and I feel like all
that will unfold as soon as I get all my
health problems figured out whenever my
mom was talking about that or
in the workout room she was saying that
she was born with a mutated gene and
it's been passed on to me wait does that
mean I'm a teenager I'm a mutant DNA
ninja Tara and I'm just kidding but yeah
I could have my mom come on camera and
explain to you guys if you'd like I
don't really know how to explain it it's
basically a disorder or a disease that
causes all these problems with us I've
the mind in the chest and the side pain
and my mom has like horrible migraines
same with my sister and just horrible
stress and I really have faith that as
soon as I get all that under control I
will be able to do anything that I want
to do because if you're happy you can do
anything you want to do because people
that work and they're happy while
working they're not really working
they're just happy while doing it which
is what I used to be like and I'm trying
to figure all that out again I'm trying
to do it and I know you guys are there
for me and I'm there for you I want you
guys to know that if I take time off I'm
doing it to better myself I cannot be a
type of person that I preach to you guys
not to be about and that's just that's I
can't do it I actually almost put myself
on a 30 day like almost mental hospital
where you go in there to live with other
patients I have like similar problems to
you and doctors just help you for like
30 days I think I talked myself out of
that because I don't want to disappear
completely for 30 days but it got that
bad my stress and anxiety and everything
is that bad and I know some of you have
it that bad as well and you wish you
could just lock yourself away but I'm
gonna keep fighting this guys I'm gonna
get to the best mental place that I
could ever be at and that is when I'm
gonna start vlogging and I'm gonna start
just taking over and just kill it
honestly that's what I want to do I want
to do fun exciting stuff I don't want
anything to be miserable and I want you
guys to join me on the journey so thank
you guys so much for watching this video
thank you for listening to what I had to
say thank you guys for watching all my
videos it means so much to me that you
guys come back I freakin love you tan
clone thank you guys so much and yeah
don't forget liking sure the friends you
enjoyed subscribe in your notes you guys
next one yeah I might stop saying it
ain't my fault soon I know I know
I know I want to make some changes to my
channel maybe an ocean man outro a new
channel art a new profile picture I
guess for now we'll just keep this one
you just maybe
