good morning good morning good morning
good morning what is going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day today's video
we took it on my grandma's house she met
my grandma's dog yesterday's video was
completely full of memes it was kind of
chill we didn't do much but I managed to
somewhat make it entertaining I think on
deck today we have Logan he's a helper
we have Taylor Taylor's just chilling hi
I'm gonna vlog in this room cuz I never
vlog in this room today we have a good
idea it should be fun and we already
have half of it here so basically we
want to go get another trampoline
probably a 12-foot one with a net has to
have a net and we're just gonna fill it
with the bean bag beads you guys know
the bean bag room let's go
of course it's full of beads yeah I
don't want to go play in it because
there's a ton of trash and it will get
in my clothes speaking of clothes I have
my ugly Christmas sweater on which is
sold out on the website tis the season
to send it ones they're also sold out
but we have it ain't my fault we have
tan claimed there's still a lot of stuff
on the website if you guys want to go
check it out it's t-bone calm like in
bye I lost this shirt cuz one of my dogs
took it just found it in the yard this
morning and it is very very itchy
there's grass inside of it so Logan and
I are gonna go find a trampoline hold on
hold on YouTube your life gotta upload
wait do you think we have enough bees to
fill the Orion the oval trampoline she
doesn't want me to film in here it's
dirty I don't know it's really big but
it is soft and it's already here the
tank lines about to find some bean bag
beads in their front yard tomorrow for
sure it's so windy today you can hear it
howling can you hear it
we could put the foam on the bottom of
it to make it film or just like I did
when I filled my sister's room in your
room yeah let's go take a peek real
quick at the trampoline size see what
we're dealing with the bean bag bead
room used to be full but it gets him
people's clothes and it leaves with them
that's a big trampoline like this
trampoline wouldn't even fit in the room
we'd probably just cover the bottom but
this trampoline is already here do I use
the power of Photoshop or not depends if
the tank line wants sunlight in this
video if you guys know the funk rose
they do trampoline fillings and they
have a smaller trampoline they have like
a 12-foot one so it's easier to fill
there's a little bit of Photoshop or
just a really good angle please forgive
me even with the net I know as soon as
we jump in poof they're all going
they're flying away our yards gonna look
like it just snowed we got some big
trash bags and we are going to need a
mom if you need any more there in my
attic oh this is gonna be a project
angry
and no one
think about
where'd he go
that was my football I was looking for
so many skittles all over this place I
wondered why my feet hurt when I stepped
on them you one hour later Wow
look at it those are gigantic bags like
this man's more than six feet tall these
bags are huge I guess now we just work
them down yeah it's so hot in here oh my
gosh let me feel it oh let me breathe
world okay Logan the slightest tear
could be detrimental we must be very
gentle lifehack yeah these look like a
bunch of dead bodies it's snowing and we
found the long-lost knife they got lost
during the one peel box opening we did
in here I found it with my foot guys I
wish it was snowing because then when
these blow around everywhere they would
just blend in we're gonna try our best
not to litter but you might as well just
save yourself the time on the comment
Luna no get away from my bag why do you
like this huh alright five bags Wow
looking full guys we just realized we
never sewed this on it's all gonna fall
oh no it's already snow ain't gone wrong
no illegal is this can I even leave this
in Luna we're gonna have to find a way
to seal those off give us some time to
think we're gonna figure this out
where you got carbs really big charge we
have three tarps hopefully we can use
our brains to keep the beans in here
yay we got a beanbag in a tarp and we
got a beanbag in a tarp and Quinten I
just rocked my cell phone tower how the
hell did Harvard deny you I'm so
confused even Yale did
a ball handling wizard
quite the chore to get out guys the
third story here I come see you in so do
you think that's gonna impale I don't
know maybe slowly but surely temple you
remember her
what did she do soup we are losing beads
so quickly there's just no way to keep
them we put down two tarps they still
find their way through the side we push
them up and they're still getting
through whatever Logan sender yeah
goodbye safety bar
I can do the fifth but uh
I'll get out of my eye out of my eyeball
guys oriental cry break yeah because
it's in my eye oh it hurts so bad are
you throwing in the towel
ah oh you know you could do but
bleaching to disintegrate the foam yeah
his eye is very red and there's some
sort of bean bag material in there
somewhere stinging like a demon bro I
can feel it when I look over to the side
ah
can I do another eyebrow oh I'm about
the fidgets pin the pain away for that I
don't know what to do it hurts so bad
every every seconds like a sharp like ah
give me more of those bad boys don't the
whole bottle and mom I want to feel it
it's terrifying
I got in my mouth on this episode of
characterizing a little girl I just felt
it move around a little bit I think it's
like in this corner I need stitches
why can't I be like one of those people
that pop their eye out of socket Quinn
has seen what is in my eye it's been
here about ten minutes now I'm gonna
holding my eye open while he tries to
grab her later it is yes thank God
little thing yeah
wait let's get the close-up there it is
oh my god know what dude that hurt so
bad it literally felt like a boulder in
my eye I've been doing my medical
research right I'm on season four of
Grey's in that this is why we're dating
and I have a question to ask which one
should I give up
would you be my I would love to take the
ring no we're not getting together did
you get over here
screw you Wonderland I hate you now I'm
never jumping in that again now we got
to start picking some stuff up I'm gonna
cut the clip because if we don't get
every single piece the government's
gonna come after me finally my happy
place what's keep the Attic beanbag bead
free they are pure evil let's see if
either one of these X boxes will
actually work because I tried it the
other day Guitar Hero was not loading up
but I'm gonna give it one more chance
turns out the one I was trying to use
was for PlayStation 2
cuz I'm retarded you are well are you
guys thinking what I'm thinking it
rhymes with Dogma McLean Lightning
McQueen
yes
whoa do you hear my voice right now
because of all the smoke I love you
sound like I'm suffocating
what the hell die in a funny position so
when they find you you be all messed up
is this what vaping is like harmonica
I'm doing good Quinton is now kicked me
off I gotta save the world yep he's
killing from zambese guys I'm sorry
there wasn't more trampoline stuff in
this video my eyes feeling a lot better
now but I just do not want to get back
on that stuff there's no night by the
trampoline to keep us safe he could have
used the sword to get it out no I don't
think my camera was on it died but guys
this is Jackson I just got his reaction
and now I lost it he won the merged
contest because if you ordered anything
you got entered in to win
he won he's out his basketball game
right now it's kind of loud here say all
your shoutouts again because I cut out
person Johnson
Parker green Noah Westmoreland and the
cousin right there shout-out to you guys
thanks again man for buying the
merchants in turn in the contest of just
being a supporter you're freaking dope
and good luck at your basketball game of
course
alright we'll talk to you later Marv I
am his biggest fan I freaking love that
kid yeah Jackson I am your biggest fan
and guys with that we're gonna go ahead
and end the vlog and I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching I freaking love you Tang Clan
here's your phone well you want to do it
since you helped me with a bunch of
beads that got my eye and really hurt
Oh
you just maybe
