whoa what's going on guys today got my
hair dyed looks really bad in this
lighting but rockin that Jimmy Neutron
flow it just looks like colder for the
winter
um we're about to go get my mom's
reaction she's the only one that hasn't
seen it oh wait she saw it on Instagram
dang it yeah guys me and my brother were
actually on the news like the local news
because apparently our neighbors like
right next door to us were involved in a
triple homicide like the dad of the
family was involved in it in the video
oh my God why should like one good why
would a killer kill people then they
know that they have his address then he
come back home but guys luck my hair
matches my shirt Oh who's home you gonna
buy my mic again today huh huh which
what do you want
what biting on my cord man I gotta
charge my phone with my portable charger
and you over here fighting it yeah it's
the people just right there that were
involved in it let's go inside I know
you want to go inside you've been out
here a couple hours go on but yeah guys
today we will be reacting to my old
videos and now I'm not talking about my
old flipping videos whenever I sucked
and it was just like me doing backflips
and stuff although I might do that
someday not sure today's just gonna be
reacting to my old vlogs and like my
question and answers and whatever else I
find my computer has not been starting
up I don't know if it's gonna work
alright turns out I got my computer to
work so we are ready to go before we get
started I just need to say thank you
guys so much for everyone that supported
me in the whole Juke squad like roasting
I expected like a ton of hate which I
got some which I don't I mean it doesn't
really matter I just got so much love
and support from you guys so it just
made me like super happy about that
situation
so yeah just thank you guys so much for
that but yeah guys let's get right into
it we are all the way back to November
21st of 2015 my first video when it
wasn't just flipping and actually had me
talking in it has 15,000 views what's
going on guys today I'm go I don't know
if it's because I've grown up a little
bit more or if the lighting was horrible
but I was really ugly in that going to
be answering a ton of questions that I
get on Instagram
pa I'm gonna go through mine scram for
him on a couple more hair webs than I
see think it'd just be easier to get
your mobile in the video okay first one
that I get probably this one's one of
the most I get where do you get your
pads at and with these people it sounds
like something else looking back people
that don't watch for trampolines might
think I'm not gonna get into that but
yeah
background music way too loud man what
was I thinking I don't know all right
whatever where I got these from was an
option I was working for us working for
my grandpa he's an auctioneer and if you
don't know what an auction is it's just
where you go in and you just bid whoever
pretty sure everyone knows what auctions
you know
garage sales under stuff will have you
so okay this is just way too painful to
watch the background music is too loud
I'm talking way too slowly maybe I think
I talk too fast now apparently I didn't
know how to head it back then or I
didn't know how to stop rambling but
okay you know what onto the next video
what's up guys today I'm doing an
Instagram question and answer part two
without wasting any time let's go to the
questions all right
293 comments we now have screenshots
first brags about how many comments he
got then shows every single one of them
you see yourself in ten years time I
don't really know to hard question but I
can tell you where I want to be which is
in California making videos and having
fun and enjoying the first part of my
life that'd be pretty sweet so it's just
so crazy looking back and being like I
want to be a youtuber so bad and I
remember wanting to so bad like I would
come into my mom's room I'd be doing
homework and I'd just be sitting in her
bed and I tell her every night like oh
my gosh I want to become a youtuber so
bad it's like the only thing I want to
do and she's like whoa work hard at it
and like you know she didn't really
think it would happen she's like she
thought me buy my camera was a waste of
money she's like you know what you do
whatever you want and I literally spent
my life savings that I had at the time
on this camera that I'm still using
right now but holy crap it hasn't even
been that long and just so much has
changed
I think I can still do that I'm not sure
ugly and live forever or super sexy and
die in a year I wouldn't want to live
forever or die in a year so be right
back
sickest trick you've done on garden trip
I showed a phone call from my dad be
right back everyone shows none of the
phone call
this is so horrible to watch why does
this have 63,000 views I don't know are
your nipples perky look man I don't know
you tell me can you tell your mom my
little close for comfort then I show all
of the phone call with my mom she
doesn't even answer tanner your old
videos were way better I I just don't
get it maybe they were better maybe you
maybe you like to see a horrible content
alright next video this video is called
nice shenanigans and I uploaded a
December 31st 2015 so my last video 2015
probably still one of my favorite videos
to this day because it's just so funny
this is back before I had an audience
before I had to watch what I say and
like I just had some really stupid stuff
but it was really funny let's watch Wow
crazy yeah having gonna sleep before
3:00 a.m. the last freaking week so bad
boy the ball is steady Father's Day long
spaghetti again first time he's gonna do
a front-flip
on to the ball in the front football or
so we think it is laughing that hurt
that hurt my wrist boom those are the
good old days dude don't take a piss so
as you guys can see it's bright why
would I show that
I screwed dude I don't know what his
deal is because the snow isn't even cold
with my feet
Quinton still had his old sarcastic
remarks I was move on to the next one
let's watch my Christmas vlog 2015 this
is the first vlog I uploaded to my
channel and I remember like totally not
thinking anybody would watch it because
I only did flips but then I have more
people that are like keep making vlogs
so I kept making vlogs and here we are
today what's going on guys Merry
Christmas it's my sister I seemed so
happy and enthusiastic and today I'm
gonna be doing a Christmas vlog she is
gonna watch the whole thing when you
write home or something but you're gonna
be here with us I don't know why but
this seems like it was so long ago but
it was actually less than a year ago if
I would ever film something like this
today I wouldn't upload it like I'd be
editing in I'd be like delete like
there's no doubt in my mind it uploaded
like it's just crazy I think completely
different now I'm all grown up and
apparently I'm the hated child in the
family I still have that pillow and
y'all got inspirational calendars
because I couldn't find 3-bit like fix
your personality bitch if you read each
one they're really cool it's sitting
right down there and I still haven't
read it I'm really sorry mom wait a
minute
my brother's hair looks like mine right
now oh my gosh what have I done
all right next video is an actual day in
the life I was bald in the thumbnail
what's up guys today it is Thursday and
we have 13 days left of school
enthusiasm has gone up a lot I was
probably just happy the school was about
then because I hated school and I still
do but now I don't have to go to public
school so yeah so today's video was
gonna be reacting to my old videos but
the audio what I'm doing that right now
I would have loved to see that me react
to old videos like they would have just
been old flipping videos and I would
have been like oh my gosh guys watch
this
outro okay this was a Call of Duty video
it's private on my channel I told the
story about how I got scammed on xbox
and it was just painfully boring and
just please watch this outro
hello tell me one more stories and then
I'll tell you I'm playing call of duty
so thank y'all for watching subscribe
for more videos leave a like if you
enjoyed this video and I love you I use
I use to kiss the camera 90% of my
viewers back then were guys now we've
got it to 70/30 you know I actually
there's nothing wrong with that I'm
gonna start doing it again thank you
guys so much for watching this video
don't we get him let's watch reaction
the phase rug opening my package if you
guys don't know who phase rug is he's a
youtuber back then he had about as many
subscribers as I do right now but I had
like 2000 subscribers and I send my
package and he opened it on video like
shut the whole thing but now faze rug
follows me on Twitter you know maybe
someday we'll collab hit me up gonna go
get a haircut but I needed one you
probably can't even really to that was a
horrible haircut ooh muscle man my body
looks the same I should probably start
working out oh I remember this I got a
thing stuck on my finger yeah that
frickin hurt
it said doing a P o box opening later
and had a picture of all the the
packages in mine was in it and now I'm
really happy they're probably gonna be
in the phase drugs video and I don't
know what to eat just a bunch of
freaking beer classic dad this is
honestly so freaking weird to watch like
it's it's crazy seeing my former self
making a video about a youtuber who who
might open my package in a video it's
crazy now to think like that that was
such a huge deal to me back then and it
makes me feel bad when I can't open
every single person's packages on camera
in my own videos that's why I want to
keep doing peel box openings on my
channel because I want you guys to be
able to see your packages being open
because I remember how like amazing it
felt this was literally January 30th of
this year it's the very beginning of
November right now like just that long
ago my whole life has changed anything
is possible you guys set your mind to it
make it happen and find some motivation
because mine was to quit public school
and I made it happen so you can do it
yes I just have my phone it says phase
drug posted a video let's go watch it
I'm so excited to see this come on yeah
it's loaded dude oh I'm gonna be so
happy if you open my package he says my
name and
and like gets my youtube-channel notice
I'll probably cry I'm hoping in from
contender I'm pretty excited here my
condom I said am hope this gives you
something to wear to your next red
carpet event sincerely tanner tanner
commented I'm so excited should not
going out t-shirt though he's never won
this shirt once ok guys well that
basically does it for this video I'm
like blown away like I forgot about
these old videos I've been so busy
making my videos now and worrying about
you know what I'm gonna do next I'm
making entertaining videos as much as I
can I forgot that just such a short time
ago it was just so different but again I
just need to say thank you guys I can't
say it enough you guys have changed my
life and just made a dream come true for
me and I hope we can stay that way and I
hope you guys just keep watching me and
I hope you stay entertained because I'm
gonna try my best but yeah thank you
guys so much for watching this video
don't forget to leave a like shares a
friend if you enjoyed subscribe view and
I'll see you guys the next one peace out
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe
