what is going on guys today hold up
before this video get started guys I
just have to show you something I don't
know why I'm not sponsored by these
people but we got the diamond pop socket
we got the diamond shirt we've got the
diamond socks and my neighbors friend
gave me a diamond beanie I don't know
why but I really like this brand for
some reason all I know and do you guys
know pewdiepie is pink light that he has
the brofist yeah I want to get a freakin
blue diamond one stick it right here I'd
even get rid of Kate for that but today
we're going to be doing a trick for a
treat it's the day before Halloween even
though you guys are watching this on
Halloween it's going to be like
trick-or-treating early but we're gonna
do a backflip for hopefully some candy
right now everyone's in church so we
gotta wait till everybody gets out and
then we will start going to people's
houses ring their doorbell be like hey
if I do a backflip can I have some candy
and then they'll be like leave I'm just
kidding hopefully it works out but yeah
I will see you guys whenever we are
going to random people's houses
alright right now we're going to go to
Walmart and I just realized like why not
get a costume we're going to dress up as
a water bottle cuz that's a trend
there's a viral video where a kid like
use saran wrap down his legs which is
probably what I'm going to do so I can
still do a backflip and I don't know if
I can get an actual water bottle costume
so I figured you know might as well
dress up because I don't know if they
give me candy mom if I didn't have a
comic exactly I got to get some type of
blue around here and then I'll get
something for my head yeah this is the
video I came back for better than that
so we're good alright guys it's the
evening now got the first bit of my
costume here and this is gonna be for my
hat ow
just cut my fingers wrapping a bunch I
gotta be the best water bottle around
this is the best Halloween costume
health care oh my freaking fingers
bleeding really bad from that stupid
saran wrap thing I'm doing if their fan
base it's fine okay my man I feel like a
Power Ranger it's really hard to dab and
this only going to do okay guys what's
up today it's Halloween not really but
it is to you guys so happy Halloween
forgot to show you guys the Hat here it
is here I'll do a little 360 for you
let's go uh-huh all right we've got our
first house
okay here we go thank you so much all
right thank you come on yeah we'll see
you guys later yeah I definitely knew
those people but now we're gonna go to
people I don't know and thank you to
them for this this is crazy all right so
the plan is to go to someone's house
where they have Halloween decorations so
maybe they'll actually like give us some
stuff okay here we go there's some
cigarettes up here that's awesome oh
crap dude we don't have like a bag to
get the candy in tough crowd let's go I
guess they don't want us
okay next house they have some more
Halloween stuff I don't see a doorbell
there's a dog
no one wants to answer their doper I
hear them talking on the phone but they
won't answer the door I'm out of here
hello
hey I know it's not Halloween yet but I
was wondering if I can do a water bottle
backflip I could get a piece of candy
sure no where's my candy yet I didn't
even know this was your house you know
guys this is my fifth grade teacher by
the way we got it miss Lowry it was
weird this one looks like it has a ton
of Halloween stuff if I don't give me
candy knock knock hello Hey I I know
it's not Halloween yet but if I can do a
water bottle backflip could I have a
piece of candy yeah okay ready I don't
think they know what's going on are you
ready - can I show you my trick okay I
didn't know I didn't want to accept my
prize without okay thank you I love your
decoration I was freaking awkward oh
shoot you scared me
hey I know it's not Halloween yet but I
if I can do a water bottle backflip
could I get a piece of candy are you
serious yeah I guess yeah
this is a load of barnacles you did is
why just because you yeah yeah I just
didn't want to go and all the other kids
are going it's just a big like you know
too many people just annoying thank you
so much thank you
success hold on wait a minute oh good
just know anything yes okay now let's
some apartments I don't know if anyone's
going to answer I don't see any
doorbells Yello you know what screw it
let's go up
god there is no room hello yeah you do
it's not I know it's not Halloween but
if I do a backflip in my water bottle
could I get a piece of candy
really oh never mind
thanks anyway no candy my pass this is
it I'm done and jumping no candy no
candy today before all the way anybody
get your together I'm out of here
they were the biggest drug-dealing
looking people I'm very scared dude look
at that big dog whoa God that's big dog
oh that's a woofer do you I always have
to look up and make sure nothing okay
hello I I know it's not like Halloween
yet but I was wondering if I do a
backflip water bottle flip maybe I could
get a piece of candy we don't have candy
can I do in any way for my amusement
yeah sweetie hi really
I do too I'm coming back for candy
tomorrow you better have some okay bye
you can go it's okay you're in a car I'm
a human being
hi Tin Man I'm a water bottle and she
gives you the Tin Man soft grass I like
that
hi I know it's not Halloween but I was
wondering if I do a backflip a water
bottle flip I could get a piece candy
okay let me make sure I don't die so do
you guys have any candy yeah dude
Smarties thank you so much bro thank you
guys see you later I'm not going to any
of this candy after this all right here
we go nice little porch sing what's
backflip room but yeah there's no room
for a backflip hello
I know it's a day early for a Halloween
but I was wondering if I can do a water
bottle flip I could get a piece of candy
like a backflip
we're also filming a YouTube video okay
okay so now if I flip on her property it
would be bad because if I got her she'd
be responsible I hate that excuse people
suck
hello I know I'm a day early but I was
wondering if I can do a water bottle
backflip maybe I could get a piece of
candy if I could do a backflip I could
get a piece of candy a day early oh yeah
she's a sweet old lady people can learn
from her give me candy if I'm willing to
do it back fold is that is it that hard
yeah we've been to a few oh sweet
weather can you want yeah thank you so
much see ya Chips Ahoy I'm doing some
parkour cuz I'm pissed that no one's
giving me candy did you get any candy
dude no they wouldn't they would not
give it
were they even home no stay quiet
dupa dupa dupa here we go we'll do one
more after this
this was my eighth-grade math teacher hi
doll goes hi mrs. Weiser I'm good I was
wondering if I can do a backflip for a
piece of candy early on Halloween sure
ready yeah I fell yeah okay thank you
I have to wait for my candy sweet thank
you so much bye we did it we did it dude
one more house is this how it's going to
be special yeah these people hate me be
really funny
hey hey I get away get away get away I
know it's not Halloween but I was
wondering if if I do a backflip I could
maybe get a piece of candy
ready sure
good good you wanna visit I got my hand
in dog I told you that hated me or is it
is this it yeah can I have the whole bag
yeah bye
thank you oh yeah I'll feed this one
your jack-o'-lantern cool
bye Oh God that was that was I was crazy
they were mad that was my sister by the
way okay guys thank you guys so much for
watching this video I hope he has
enjoyed this Halloween special edition
of going to people's houses and kind of
harassing them but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in next one peace it's usually my
thing
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
