Rose bears huh why do all my Instagram
post with you get almost double the
likes of my normal ones huh guys she's
getting so big already actually it's
gonna make me sad whenever you're too
big but I'm not gonna miss you biting me
all day yeah quit it hey quit it ah yeah
that's right screw you just kidding I
love you but I gotta go okay I have
something really really important to do
okay alright so I know what you guys are
thinking tanner isn't the trampoline
versus trend over yes but the pumpkin
one isn't because there's a lot of
videos going around with people using
pumpkins and there's some how
interesting I don't really get it but I
guess it is close to Halloween holy frig
Halloween's two days away oh yeah guys
today I filmed the video and it was
reading mean comments part two and a lot
of it had to do with me doing flips or
not doing flips and what I was going to
do you know I realized I've said it all
pretty much a million times so I'm not
just going to keep doing that there's a
lot of people that are saying oh like
every big youtuber gets big off one idea
and then they move on and just forget
what made them famous or whatever here's
the thing I made a video called flipping
through fire and I had a lot of fun
filming that video we went to the
trampoline GM and it was just a lot of
fun so you're like oh why don't you do
that all the time then but the thing is
like after I went to that trampoline gym
I was in pain for like five hours
afterwards like my side was hurting so
bad and it does that sometimes after I
flip and I just it's not even worth it
and it's done that like four or five
times after I go to a trampoline gym
because I you guys know I don't train
that much flips anymore
so my body's just not used to it and the
thing is I don't really want to be known
for flips like I want people to be like
oh hey that's Tanner brogard not hey
that's the flip dude I don't know that's
just something I don't want so it's not
on my agenda to go train my body to be
able to do what it used to do I can
still do a lot of the same stuff just I
go through pain after and during but
yeah I had a lot of people that are like
oh yeah Tanner's old videos were just so
much better and in all reality they were
just flipping videos and I know my
flipping videos probably do the best but
the videos I love making like the
challenges with my family and normal
daily vlogs where I just go hang out
with my friends I think those are the
most entertaining and I think they
appeal to a bigger audience because not
everyone likes flips most of you that
are watching this probably like flips oh
I'm sorry to break it to you if this is
your first time hearing it I don't only
do flips yes I'm going to continue to do
flips and trampoline and whatever else
fun stuff that I
find fun along the way but I'm not going
to force myself to make you flippin
video it's just not worth it to me and I
mean you can unsubscribe or you can just
not watch the videos that aren't flips
or you can go watch my live videos
doesn't really matter to me but today
we're gonna go to Walmart and we're
gonna buy some pumpkins and we're gonna
do trampoline versus pumpkins for some
frickin reason but yeah I'm gonna go
find my keys for some reason I'm sitting
in my car without keys then I'm gonna
head to Walmart not gonna film in there
they're gonna kick me out I'm gonna buy
a bunch of pumpkins we're gonna head
back you guys know the drill we're just
gonna mess around I've Dylan and clay
inside they're gonna help me and yeah we
might bring on a baseball bat it's gonna
be a huge mess my trampolines been
through much worse as you guys know but
yeah I hope you guys do enjoy this video
hope that cleared up some stuff and I
hope you guys continue to watch me
because I feel like this winter is just
gonna be super fun for YouTube and I
don't know why I just have a really good
feeling about this winter we're gonna do
a lot of fun stuff and let's do it okay
well I just got back from Walmart and
can't even count the number of people to
go that's a lot of pumpkins really
anyway alright here we go
alright guys I did not draw those
swastikas and I just now realized they
were there so I'm sorry it's pretty
funny though I think there's actually
like 15 here because I couldn't fit any
more in my car and I was not about to go
get a second one but look what my
brother made get it he's getting eaten
and this is like a mad pumpkin and oh my
god there's like huge amounts of flies
in there it's really gross yeah guys
let's do it alright Rose you need to
stay out of the way okay if you get hit
that'd be a lot of dislikes okay you
boys ready yeah now we got to figure out
what we're gonna do with them let's go
get some baseball bats out of my garage
got one I used to have a good baseball
bat I don't know where can you do the
one thing where you swing and then let
it do 360 and grab a five minute alright
guys I got my katana the one I bought
off Amazon that broke on a 2 liter of
sprite still been duct-taped looks cool
I'm also with the Halloween theme I also
cut my shirt
just kidding it's my new fashioned as
cool as this bat looks I think I'm gonna
use the katana goal is to not cut the
trampoline even though it is very
gusting from all the former trampoline
verses videos
things gonna oh I used to think I could
bend it over my leg should I swing it my
tree first I don't know if it'll break
here did I
I guess I'm ready one two three go okay
one two three go yo I got it clean cut
I'm a baseball player again that smells
like ass I think we could let this lend
on our head you take a break we could go
on jackass after that huh
why are so hard here let me
swing out of it one more time 1 2 3 all
the juices are coming out I got a
really good idea
backflip with pumpkins on the trampoline
with a katana throw the pumpkin outfit
just right through the middle dig it oh
that's how you break a trampoline oh my
god it's stuck hi
take it off my socks I like these suck
yeah on the planter socks are coming off
not just carries get a fly off and kill
down you get it no a little bit
different in baseball I'm not getting it
but we're about to stab the tramp watch
out yeah my backyard is gonna be so good
jeez you throw it on me you want a full
one yeah I want a full 1 2 1 try to
break it with your knee Hey mind over
matter okay okay drive that knee like
you've never driven it before driving
like a car Dylan three two oh two one oh
dude that hurts
it's like a baseball that doesn't move
once you hit it uh yeah I used to play
baseball
high school but tore my shoulder
literally all right throw this one to me
you know ah one ah let's see if the back
into a backflip
no gonna punch one oh yeah let me do
that I don't feel pain in my knuckles
anymore
really ready I'm ready yeah as you
better leave a like for they spent a
bunch of pumpkin tree to one I'm into it
three two one Oh row the bat makes it
fly everywhere good Oh
how's it get thrown scratchin wads gonna
go everywhere three to let me down one
oh yeah over my face that was the
cleanest backflip you ever saw this is
gross it doesn't make any harder what
are you gonna do laughs that was a clean
cut with a bat I'm gonna do a backflip
and catch one of the pumpkins ready yeah
yeah three two one ha I tried hey Raph
is f up three two one go this one's
heavier than the last one I'm on a back
flip mid back foot I'm gonna throw you
this pumpkin then you cut it with a
katana do one oh did it work
oh my God look at the katana I think
this katana might finally be done so
boomerang it made a crooked cut what
guys let me show you how much of a piece
of crap this katana is ready it's like
Superman see that's why you don't buy a
forty dollar katana off Amazon ready
yeah
trick or treat yeah
yeah we stopped flying everywhere
perfect way to hand over a pumpkin nice
one I give me another pumpkin I'll give
him give him a big one hey that's that's
my best friend Glenn over there why did
he keep hitting him so many times in the
show he was pissed I want to do this
last one guy back foot throw it onto the
concrete you better hold it and just
straight up and it you yeah all right
I'm done Tricia and Stover they're not
breaking pumpkins as these things but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forgive you like sure the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe video and I'll see you
guys the next one it was a peace out I
think it's safe to say this or I
probably done I broke it one last thing
before I go my new outro was designed by
my friend Jeremy Thomas he does
photography and he just recently started
a YouTube channel so I'll leave the link
to his channel description if you guys
want to check him out and yeah peace out
my you came looking like that you
just maybe
