what is going on guys I'm using blade
Grey's amazing lighting thank you so
much
my musically lighting look at this I
wish I had a window like this I have a
window well that sucks
and right now he's about to air up what
a thousand balloons for your video yes
his link will be in the description his
YouTube channel so you guys can go
subscribe to him we're about to go over
to his friend Sam's house and we're
going to be jumping off his roof into
his pool we had snow cones look
Blake's dog is a boxer and his name's
Rocky and he won't let you touch him
because he just runs away I get my full
license in three months I held up two
fingers but three months we are here is
that where you guys jump off all the way
up there yeah oh my gosh how deep is it
only like five feet row that's scary I'm
down to try it but that's not how high
the closer we jump off I know
night at the ball that's Italy that's
probably 20 feet there's the old
Springfree trampoline
dude he's even got a good sized spring
free this is a dope backyard this could
be our YouTube house alright show us
something check me out I'm going for a
double double full not double back okay
oh is that good yeah it's good big
double back foot all right that was that
was pretty cool whoa it's a lot cooler
in person
honestly van just do a full still I
could you to fly off feel so small I
know then that pushes in just like my
sky bound this is gonna be the worst
fall you guys will ever see haha I loved
it we were filling her balloons for a
little bit but we got the air compressor
now and a another one little and this is
how far we've come with the balloons
it's pretty sick I bet it's gonna hurt
jumping into it though that's where it
is
what you're gonna break your back I'm
gonna stick to jumping off that roof
into the 5 foot pool that's more safe
right it's coming along but we're gonna
go ahead and head up to the roof right
now you're gonna have to show me how all
this works
before I forget put that right there I
don't need a shirt either I'll what I'm
just playing we go through the pantry up
the attic and onto the roof this looks
so comfy
hold up it look better than it felt I
remember when those were cool I wish I
had a setup like this
that's how your friend sneaks out dives
into the pool come true
yeah here's it oh boy yeah I'm
definitely gonna warm up doing this one
before I go to that oh god you're
actually gonna do that maybe I want to
are you serious dude I'm definitely
gonna hit the bottom if it's only 5 feet
I'm 5 foot 8 all right I guess I'll jump
in right now yeah scared to front-load
cuz I'm gonna hit the bottom my front
foot is it deeper over there
I'm scared bro all right three two one
dude you went so four see that Justin
yeah you went so far I love you I can
make it oh my god oh are you jumping the
hot tub like the Olympic divers got a in
the hot tub it's just as cold yeah that
was fun though
okay so I'll do a front-flip for sure
maybe a backflip I'll do a pro kleh Bob
this one not off that one here we go I
guess you weren't like across the whole
pool I'm gonna join the Olympics after
this all right I'm gonna try a backflip
from here
it's not high at all just you have to go
back like five feet and there's this
gutter here that you can't stand on it's
really sketchy probably not as sketchy
as going off that
I was like two feet away from those
stairs I was watching them the whole way
down
okay one more all right we're gonna go
ahead and see if we can't get up here
I'm gonna see how scary it is do the
scariest parts getting up there look how
steep it is all right yo if I go down
there I have to jump there's like no way
getting back if you fall you're done
I guess just come up here okay well I'm
gonna be the one to fall down the roof
oh I suck sir little slippery though hey
nice to meet you hope it's not the last
time it's so steep up you guys this is
five-and-a-half feet deep like way too
shallow but I hope by the time I jump
like it'll slow me down enough so I
don't get hurt we've done like probably
30 feet into like four feet but it was
muddy at the bottom
very scary hope you guys leave a like on
this I'll tell you when to get okay this
is still in front of a live studio
audience
didn't even hit the bottom
haha
what and now here's the hard part as me
climbing down this steepest roof ever
without dropping his camera or falling
off I don't think I signed up for this
alright guys I'm done now the back foot
one and the one out there was just I
don't know if I do it again but I mean I
do the front flip again that was fun the
water is really cold my nipples are
really hard and I hope you guys like
that I'm gonna go get dried off and then
we will continue with whatever we're
gonna do tonight I don't know I think
you're gonna fall right through I'm sad
laying on your back like imagine the
balloons aren't even there look at how
full it is alright onto the roof Oh
moment it true it's getting kind of dark
we get a roof row that looks so insane
do a front flip on your back
I'm scared are you right yeah yeah
oh my George bro this is insane wait
where are you at I'm scared oh come on
my life peer pressure that's so scary
everything goes black back but right now
I bet it's gonna hurt jumping into it
though that's where it is let's see him
look at it oh my D that's a horse tramp
burn I know I've never had trapper in
this family I think I'm gonna hop on in
right here goes Quinton dude good thing
you let go of his hand or else he
would've died all right what's up guys
it is the next morning and I didn't film
that much yesterday I really only filmed
the roof jumping and a little bit of the
trampoline with the balloons we actually
went ice-skating in the moon was
shopping as well didn't film any of that
that'll be on Blake's channel if you
want to see me suck yeah look at this
check this out I'll show you guys my
tramp burn day - it doesn't look very
bad in this lighting yeah that still
hurts really bad and I also got this
shirt it's really big but I love it it's
like pink and Adidas and has pink on the
sides got to take a bomb Instagram
picture today but yeah I think I'm going
to be doing the try not to cringe
challenge with Blake that'll be up
tomorrow that would be so funny if you
were in there like one of you musically
what if I'm in there I've made some
pretty crazy music leaves as well but
yeah that is basically for this video
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to leave a like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys in the
next one
peace out
fuck you came looking like that you just
maybe check
