what's going on guys today it's 5:00 in
the morning right now but we're about to
fly out to go to Texas I haven't talked
about this in any videos because I
wanted it to be a surprise but I'm going
to see three of my old flipping friends
from the meetup with the most recent one
from 2016 Jeremy and well went we're
also going to meet one of their friends
I've talked to these guys on Instagram
for years and I've already met two of
the three but it's gonna be really cool
to see them again and it's just gonna be
mean quitting on this trip and then I'm
also going to be going by Blake Gray's
house he's in madcon he was in Puerto
Rico whenever I went there so I really
miss him as well and it'll be really
awesome just to see them again so we
booked two flights the other day and
we're about to fly out goodbye I'll see
you in five days and I'm just gonna skip
all the airport stuff cuz you guys have
seen it a million times and I will see
you guys in Texas alright guys so we're
here now and I'm pretty sure that the
surprise has been ruined but we're still
gonna hang out I think it might not have
been ruined for one person Peyton's the
one person hasn't been ruined for he's
the shortest kid I think he's like 12
years old but he's insane we're gonna
try to find the way out of the airport
you can study right here
this always happens I never know where
I'm going and I know my hair looks bad
don't hate on me alright so they're
almost here and if you guys didn't know
these guys are really good at trampoline
and other flips and stuff like I used to
do a lot of that kind of moved away from
it like I used to be good but these guys
are in their prime so you guys will
probably be seeing some cool flips I
might do a back flip maybe a front flip
I don't know they made it okay I miss
you man
you guys remember Jeremy from the meetup
the double bounce car
we made it Quentin your socks give a
good first impression this popper is
huge Quentin you're on Roy's - do you
think the dogs on Roy got into my bag
dude okay will is here he was also at
the meetup I see that shirt has on
William I forgot you broke your leg yeah
okay hey that's pretty good
hey that's pretty good hey for me hey
that's pretty gay alright guys as I said
the other kid Hayden doesn't know I'm
coming he still thinks I'm in Dallas
we're in San Antonio right now and we
will surprise him whenever he comes over
both of them new because you're horrible
keeping secrets will and that right
uh-huh
how'd you find out because I haven't
twitter what did I say on Twitter dude
up cami in Texas this weekend anyone
wanted me no no I was i doing that as a
joke I forgot to tell you guys it's
Jamie's birthday
all right guys Hayden is almost here and
I'm gonna be hiding around that corner
and I'm gonna surprise him ivory comes
up the stairs he still doesn't know
about it so it should be good
okay guys he's coming upstairs
hey what's up guys it scares hearing
what's updated they load it away kind of
scared guys this is the flipped King
he's crazy okay guys we're about to go
outside but I'm gonna do a quick parkour
move for you oh my big job will the worm
do you need any help dude at least a
surprise work for someone because it was
actually his birthday but good enough
show us what you got hey oh my god I
remember when my neck was made of rubber
oh wait it never was I got injured at
the age of seven doing a freakin
backflip I don't blow me and you were
here there to help I know right this is
why they recommend you actually put the
net on yeah I realize you're nuts not
really what's happening dude why are you
guys invincible it's not fair
maybe I'd still flip if I could be
invincible okay I'll do one trick to
make sure I can still do one trick what
all right guys this kid's name is Joseph
and I swore he was the winner of the
trampoline for my giveaway he looks
exactly like him hold on honey getting
shed that yeah he's a little and it's
the same kid congratulations on your
trampoline buddy guys listen to his dog
he sounds like Godzilla why so we just
got back from Starbucks and we were
there for like three hours because I had
to upload a video and the Wi-Fi here
wouldn't connect to my computer and 80
took away my hotspot for some reason but
I get it back whenever I get my iPhone 7
so that'll be fixed yeah but right now
we're gonna go back downstairs oh we got
a tent going on if any of you ever mess
with Quinn and try to take him from me
oh gosh that'll be you all right we're
gonna return to the trampoline just to
see if I still got my skills I
definitely don't have those skills I'm
gonna try a cone gainer I did this
during the trampoline versus whipped
cream video haven't tried to sense just
because I haven't been on trampoline but
I guess I'll try one right now oh one
more all right mattress versus
trampoline never been done before
oh did it say dude alright guys here it
is the complete camping setup we got our
candlelit dinner when we got the fire
going over here two tents both with
mattresses in them and a power outlet
even though I just bought this portable
charger definitely worth the money go
get you one and then same thing on the
other side for maximum cuddly am I right
Clinton yeah but I'm not gonna video
much tonight because I'm on a video
tomorrow as well and I just want to
enjoy it so I'll see you guys in the
morning
good night or I could film you waking up
like all you woke up you filmed it holy
and Akshay oh good morning I just woke
up with a camera in my hand hmm
liar no I slept with him did anyone else
sleep in here no oh your big dog did and
she freaking almost killed me yeah our
fire is still alive and well because we
let it again last night was lit though
this lift-and-drive squad but we're
thinking about lighting it up a bit
higher
I'm really sore but I might do a
front-flip over it or something any
volunteers to risk their life for a
video clip let's do it
so don't be a frickin force oh I got the
word that's a lot oh here we go oh
that's the nastiest looking smoke ever
wait am I going yeah yeah oh I'm gonna
die go ahead yeah oh my gosh what's the
jacket catch on fire ah that's so hot oh
no I'm not kicking it that was on fire
alright mine sucked theirs was good I'm
really tired they're probably just as
tired I just suck I here's your jacket
thank you see you guys in the next
morning I'm going back to bed alright
we're back on the trampoline while they
are this kids about to do a standing
triple backflip
should go you can land it you got it
power of the headband alright guys so
we're going to a trampoline gym called
altitude or something like that
I'm really sore because yesterday on the
trampoline was the first time I've done
tricks on a trampoline and forever I got
on the Midwest made up shirt it's a bit
small for me now I'm gonna put one of
these whole things in my mouth cuz Lord
alright
why didn't I do this outside
okay I'm out here setting trend I
already said that joke on crap yeah but
it's new to some of you guys what's up
man hey then I walk in and the lady was
like is that a camera what else would it
be he gave me sucks this kid even
thought about my dog Thank You Man
show her some tricks bro
do the phone face sucks as bad as mine
at home
with you hi
in
you
me
Fred
you're smart
my spirit with you eyes all
remember
all right Louis backflip challenge I'll
have to film like that oh my god
Oh
all right we're heading out now I hope
you guys enjoyed this edit my first time
doing probably more than like five flips
in one session so kind of proud of
myself we're gonna head back to his
house and then we got to catch a bus
because we're going to Blake Grace house
all right guys I'm feeling sick and yeah
we're about to head to the bus stop
right now so I will see you later Jeremy
I'm gonna miss you again but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave a like share it around if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
