what's going on guys today I'm doing
here with my cousin Owen and we are
about to go to this haunted abandoned
it's actually like a grain elevator but
it's like this three-story building it's
insane we stopped by today and just
looked on the outside and it's pretty
creepy I've heard some weird stories and
stuff so we're going to be stopping by
there today it's abandoned nothing's
been in it for I don't know how many
years but there's like two separate
buildings and we're going to stop by
both of them go around look inside it's
pretty cold
I've never been to like an actual
haunted abandoned like anything like
that I've always just went to you know
the ones where you they go through and
they have people like hired to scare you
or whatever but yeah we have no idea
what to expect it's in a very very very
small town like I'm talking a town of 20
houses at the most it's right on the
edge of town on a dirt road and it has
some old railroad cars sitting on the
outside of it and pretty sure those are
empty as well but yeah just stop by
today but we're actually gonna go inside
and look around this is legit this is
for you guys and I hope you get into the
video and we will continue with the
video right when we get there and we
have two flashlights booyah
wish us luck okay oh my god guys we are
here right now dude this stars tonight
are insane I wish my camera could see
that okay so we're here at the elevator
check it out guys so there it is over
there all the way over there check that
out and then it goes from there right
all the way up and then it ends up there
oh my god dude look the windows there's
like a boarded door there's a door up
there that's boarded okay we stopped by
here during the day it was fine I'm
scared as hell now I hope this can see
alright should we just go in that door
over there I know should we go up it or
no which way should be going see these
are the abandoned rail cars I was
talking about I kind of want my car to
leave its light on but I can't do that
if we want to get home dude I'm so
sketched right now I wish Quentin could
have come so bad dude check this out
no freakin way bro no freakin way I'm so
freakin scared what is this dude you can
see like the lights shaking I'm so
scared yo dude look there's a ladder
there's a ladder right there see it
there's so much bird poop - if there's a
do two birds pop out I will literally
scream if I was here alone I would I
wouldn't be spiderwebs oh my god dude
I'm done I'm so scared to go through
that door look at dude you better not
ever leave two feet away from me
if you leave I did not leave what's
a--what's hooked up here oh my God look
how high that ladder ghost hole like oh
my god look at all the spider webs I did
I don't think we climb it I don't I
don't I don't think we can read gloves
why didn't we bring claws okay we at
least got to go in here
no this is just a garage some old garage
more ladders up to the ceilings but
let's go over here I'm so scared right
now I forgot I was cold ok let's see we
go visit the other building and maybe
come back to this one let's just go to
edit dude this is so scary oh there's
the railroad crossing right there and
this is the building we were just inside
of and then there's the big one up there
I wish it could be brighter ok we're
going to this big building a group do
some smells bad I smell - I've never
smelled a dead body so I don't know oh
my gosh dude no I'm so scared but this
one's just as high as that other one all
the way up there and then all the way
back down I'm scared of light is like
someone's gonna see us because there's a
road down there to this small town I was
talking about and there's a railroad
crossing out someone might see our
lights
dude look people have been here their
steps to get up into here yo this place
is huge
oh my gosh there's another room right
there and there's a room all the way
both on the hole in the wall dude
there's an old TV up here check this out
broken chairs some kind of lawnmower
maybe look at the old TV oh my gosh
it's all been broken fire accident oh
there's another fire it's too cold for a
fire we can't just sit here we got it we
got to do something which way we going
right or left do the whole wall just
scares the crap I know me too I don't
really want to go down the hole in the
wall right or left rights always the
right way though and left it's always
the left away and which one you want to
do oh my god left all right all the way
down dude this is so scary
old pepsiman good rat I can tell I can
feel it under my shoes dude we should
have brought a knife outside so I could
get my knife out of my car oh you ready
I won okay I go if there's any animals I
will lose it bro so this room just empty
it is it's just empty just a big empty
scary room okay by the way look at all
the dead spiders on the ground too
that's bad already they better not stab
me I'm not a ghost
that is so free one scary dude I'm lying
I do not want to go but yeah we got to
go we did forget we got to go to the to
the top of one of these with Jonesy
let's go see any spiders I wish we could
go to a haunted place that people have
been to not one that no one's ever been
inside of look at what the frig
another empty room is a big ladder right
there ladder goes up no that one would
probably break it looks like it ring I
keep hearing
I keep hearing stuff outside bird let's
get out of this one better be just cars
cuz oh my gosh we got to go inside this
one we've got to go
I know these ladders are legit this is
three stories guys this this stuff could
break any second we know there is no
safety legit looks like a nazi zombies
map dude we've got to do it for the
video real all the crap out of my face
when you look up I know why that's why
I'm scared of what if we're climbing a
ladder and a spider bites us or some
bird pops out something we get scared
and fall oh I hate going to I hate going
first but I don't want to be in the back
either we better go side by side down
we'll go side by side up the ladder sure
how are we going to climb the ladder
with a camera and spider webs and a
light it's probably 20 some 20 some
ladder steps I think we can do it we're
gonna have a jacket of spider webs on to
get up there do you think we could get a
stick to go up with us do you take out
the spider webs cuz it looks like
there's no spiders just wet oh do you
want to go first
umm I've overseen a movies you get up to
the top and you turn your head there
just right there waiting for you whoo I
don't want I don't want to go first bro
yeah you're big and strong I might be
older if we could just climb this long
way up
see I always think about that but then
if it broke what if the ladder broke
I don't think it will scare it looks
like it's fine I'm here let me grab this
and shake it
this dirty looks dirty
yeah I guess I mean I got to get the
camera all the way up there though so
you got to go first I'm gonna climb
halfway up and then hand you it and I'm
gonna go all the way up I keep hearing
things bro I don't like it the towns
close with it's not there's a freakin
rat no well I mean the beam where it
just ran over there a rattler yeah a rat
just can't ran down
where's the net Jim i canna light it
right underneath all the sticks that
wall I was all done dude if it gets near
me I will kill it you lights down car
just passed
look we're standing under there's
spiders right there
how what am I supposed to bring with me
to clean the spot away no matter how do
people get caught in drug deals honestly
there's places like this what's going to
just what's gonna be something to get
the spiderwebs off there you go perfect
perfect you go you got it I'm on the
head buddy all office on the light on
you you go just take a stick with you
yeah hand me the flashlight
you got it this is so sketchy is it is
it was so tight nice of you back here
want me to throw you alight and then you
get all the way up I'll climb up by
myself sure I can ready that didn't it
went in
there's a million webs well I don't know
if I can get it oh god I'm gonna have to
climb it up to you I got a camera in two
flashlights okay but just right behind
me I'm legit just chilling right here it
smells like poop everywhere I'm gonna
have to wash this jacket eight times
what's up there
nothing all the floors I've gone is just
the wall just here I'll hand you the
camera show all right I'll get up here
you get up here I'm gonna set this over
here I can't freaking see anything
whoa dude no way guys look this is the
roof guys we're at the roof look at the
fall you would die there's metal beams
Oh smells like crap there's poop
everywhere I'm gonna
like bathe for one same hold this on the
side this proof right here we're laying
in there poof Everywhere's poop we got
to get down you should not be standing
right there that's way sketchy look
there look where he's standing in it on
the ledge all right we need to get down
hope you guys enjoyed this because it's
so scary look at the freaking phone bro
this is so sketchy along okay oh I
almost let go of my hand when you put
your foot down I would have fallen
okay we're almost down not really but
it's so hard a video oh yeah let me
freaking tell you I got one hand going
down here guys look at my hands probably
super dirty look at all the bird poop
this is like toxic okay guys run the
small ladder again that was the last
scary and more nasty minute we made it
out um after wash my camera to work I
like these clothes I wear all grey I
thought it was gonna be all fashionable
let's get the hell out of here I'm
pretty sure this Berkeley pin my
freaking shoes
I don't even touch my steering wheel now
we'll see you guys when we get back to
my grandma's house hi guys were back at
the house now and I think I got all the
bird poop off my camera it's probably
not out of our nose and our lungs yet
yeah that is basically it for this video
my first time doing anything haunted or
whatever super scary I know a lot of
youtubers do this stuff I don't know if
I'll be one of those but if you guys
liked it tell me and I might do more
stuff but in the meantime I'm gonna go
to sleep and hopefully not have any
dreams about that yeah thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out
