tailee you've got the bedroom of a
youtuber why don't you make videos
alright give me on the bed you can see
my thighs wow it's almost like everybody
has them alright what is going on guys
today we are doing the never have I ever
challenge this has been requested a lot
by you guys I asked you guys what
challenges I should do because I haven't
really done that many challenges the
challenges I have done have been pretty
stupid but we're leaving the bathtub
today and we're actually my sister's
room first time ever fill me in here I
think except what you said he flips on
your bed my own bed you're welcome
anyway yeah I tweeted questions are you
guys a treat no I didn't what you
tweeted questions at me for us to ask in
this challenge basically it's a
challenge where you say never have I
ever blah blah blah and then if you've
done it you put up I have upside down
wait is it no it was good I have and if
you haven't done it and you say you
haven't and then you're like oh god
she's such a bad girl or oh god he's gay
Oh in the seventh in every single video
alright the first one never have I ever
made out with my dog can't stand on that
same food question mark what wait
there's not that many replies how do I
see them all why are they gonna win
never have I ever been mean to a fan I
don't have fans
that's what have you thank you I don't
think I have I don't really have a
reason to I guess if a fan went to my
house and left a fish on someone did
that what I wasn't mean about it never
have I ever gotten drunk good kid
I feel like you're lying me yes I'm not
lying you're probably lying I've never
been drunk never have I ever stole
anything what did you guys see and uh
second grade I stole a pine cone and
some joy Rangers from my teacher damn it
feels good to be a gangsta I don't know
what grade I was in but I was really
young and I stole a piece of gum out of
a it was a gas station it was like one
of those like one-cent ones it's how it
costs like a penny and I took one it was
like double bubble's a purple one I
wanted
and I also stole this one girls hearts
oh and it wasn't just like a regular
pinecone I mean it was it was like for
crafts and I had like glitter annika you
bad boy I know you're going straight to
jail after this video never have I ever
cheated on a test in school ray where's
that say never okay yeah I was gonna you
know how do you like you're just sitting
there and you don't know the answer
seeds kind of oh yeah I get it you know
when you just don't know the answer so
you write them all up your arm
and then you write them on postcards and
you tape them like inside your shirt I
hate that I'm never have I ever snuck
out of the house got a window well for a
reason I don't think I have I've met so
many boys outside I guess I've snuck out
but it's not sneaking out because our
mom would let us leave and I don't
really I don't go anywhere where it's
like bad I just go on my window cuz I
want to wake anybody up
never have I ever lied to other siblings
really you do that to me can't trust
anyone never have I ever been a fan of
keemstar I don't know what that is I
don't know it's just a meme never have I
ever thought about Mertzes available for
more than a week that's for you yes I
have actually okay you saying this
because I did like a little bit of March
where it was only available for a week
and I know a lot of people I couldn't
get it in a week I will have permanent
merch sometime soon no idea when I
probably shouldn't say soon because I
have no idea but I'll make it happen so
you guys can like always have something
to wear because I know you guys don't
closure now you said you're watching
this naked aren't you never have I ever
been gay I jump a lot of my videos but
now you guys know you have to be serious
doing this so now you guys all know that
he is actually gay I'm not lying about
it I'm moving on never have I ever fell
asleep at a party what kind of party
once at a slumber party you guys are
asking us questions like we go to the
club and like oh yeah every weekend god
why is it every time I set my phone down
your bed it comes up with some fuzz well
stop setting on this blanket never have
I ever spit in someone's drink without
them knowing
that's disgusting I don't know if I have
done that but I've had it done to me
so no and then the note yes I have I did
to Michaela why is everybody asking if
we've made out with our dog never have I
ever eaten dog food good we're all
normal kinda never have I ever made out
with a guy I'm definitely kidding I've
accidentally kissed Dylan in my pool one
haha I know you guys all think I'm gay
with Quinn but who's actually with Dylan
and I turn around and he was there and I
was like it wasn't like making out but
you know we can't he was hot that's fun
I'm I'm 13 okay I was doing that when I
was 13 I wasn't I'm kidding I got my
first kiss I was 13 now that's a story
for another time my birthday's in like a
month no not even one two weeks cool
didn't every care just kidding they will
ask are you 13 though be like are you
really 14 never have I ever drinking
bleach
whenever you clean out the bottles
there's always like the smell of it left
so you know there's probably still a
little tiny bit of bleeding I probably
have entered some of that into my body I
probably have too because when you and
Jake did the trampoline versus late Tim
you poured it out into all those pots
and pans and stuff my retainers we're
sitting on the kitchen counter right
behind where you were doing that dude
never have I ever looked through someone
else's phone without their permission I
probably have I mean like not to search
and find stuff just I didn't like get on
her phone I looked over their shoulder
like what the reading is I'm bored never
have I ever stolen something from my
sibling or a close friend
well I've stolen a lot from him close
yeah good yeah every Halloween whenever
I was younger I just go get his food
he'd never eat it but ever every holiday
I won't eat it for a while they'll just
eat it all at once like what yeah why I
don't know from you guys but I don't
know what never have I ever peed in the
shower you haven't done by finger and
you if you haven't done that you haven't
lived
eligos the same place what's the big
deal you pee in the sink if you wanted -
never have I ever peed in the sink never
have I ever stocked a fan before if
you're talking about on Instagram yes
I'd like wandered into my photos of and
then just like kept searching and
eventually I'm at some random person's
profile uh can you hold up this shut up
I don't have fans so here we are you
guys both have fans you have fans of you
so you've looked at fan accounts of you
yeah okay well there's only like oh hi
yeah I look at my fan accounts I follow
a few fan accounts I think they're
really funny I don't think I have a fan
account you're familiar faces never have
I ever loved someone I said it to my
girlfriends in like eighth grade wait we
have a mom and dad yeah never have I
ever thought about getting one mil subs
in less than a year it was like five
months but now I never actually thought
that happened so never have I ever lost
my virginity never have I ever been
close to being in a car crash
I've been in one been in one been in one
we were all in the same one our toes
just notice never have I ever cursed at
a teacher to their face I wish I'm very
sure I have I do all the time behind
their back I will probably make a rant
video someday of me just don't know some
of youtubers play call of duty in rent I
just need to find something to do
because I want to sit down and be like
my hate on my teachers you know but I
have a lot of stories with teachers
especially my most recent English one oh
that's fun moving on never have I ever
missed
well peeing in the toilet nothing is
it's hard to me yeah that's hard for you
once I woke up and I was really tired
right and I walked to the trashcan the
one by our back door like not even next
to the toilet it was the trashcan back
there and I was just so tired I almost
peed in
so I guess I didn't actually pee in it
but I mean I've missed it sneezing and
while you're peeing it is as if you
missed the toilet none of you guys
really went to trash can never have I
ever had surgery
you're lucky are you asking me no not
what you are not you you
I'm a wisdom teeth taken out oh yeah
everyone else do that Boca I've had
tonsils get out that wisdom teeth I've
had to stomach surgeries
oh no I'm healthy never have I ever took
my mom's car without her permission this
one I wasn't doing anything bad I just
took her garage out she was a took her
gosh out took her truck I took her
drawers out he packed into the garage
twice twice okay anyway at this time I
was really into photography and I just
got the camera that I'm filming on right
now and my mom was asleep and I know she
probably wouldn't have cared I was just
going down the road but I took her truck
out of the garage and I backed it down
the driveway and I had no idea like the
size of the vehicles like one of my
first times driving and I actually hit
our mailbox and I like freaked out and I
went and looked at it but it was fine
and you guys never heard that before
remember all the time you actually took
out the ma'am look I took the truck but
I was okay to drive it and then I broke
the mailbox never have I ever used
someone else's toothbrush and not told
them that's gonna grow that is
disgusting ya guys have done that gross
gosh I can't find any good one never
have I ever hit a trickshot on Call of
Duty what pal at all montage never I
never have I ever killed an animal that
I use that the birds neck there's a bird
in our garage once and I was trying to
get it out because my mom had her
convertible top down and she didn't want
her car to get pooped on so I tried to
get the bird out by throwing my baseball
glove at it and it kind of smashed it
against the ceiling and it died and I
killed a turkey because I'm a
cold-blooded killer yeah he went hunting
ones never have I ever had a youtube
crush
kind of those days shut up she's at to
spill it he was mine yes ah Jack
Merridew is one I remember the day
that is interesting last night leemarie
Johnson Sadie Robertson makes YouTube
videos Kate Upton is probably been on
YouTube never have I ever been seen
naked by a boy I know you're gonna
choose that one who are you talking
about you
um locker rooms are a thing Dillon
Quentin and I have actually taken
numerous showers after trampoline versus
videos no shame oh I've seen you naked
at school once I said Jesus that was bad
I walked into the stall this kid just
left it online I thought it was long I
walked in he's just sitting there
my legs were knots yes they were never
have I ever spooned with Quinton for
warmth I did it for fun not warmth just
kidding all right one more what's it
gonna be you make up something me yes ah
ever have I ever made up a random
question because I want to get done
filming any my macaroni no actually uh
never have I ever made something explode
in our house but I have once I throw a
necklace from a vending machine on top
of a nightlight and it hit the metal the
nightlight that was in the outlet and it
exploded oh wait oh that was you I
thought it was me what I don't think I
mean I think you blew of the Ola I
thought I did it we all love the Ahly
okay guys well that is pretty much it
for this video I hope you guys all
enjoyed it if you guys like this video
anyone we do more videos with my
siblings tell us leave a like I'll do
more challenges comment what we should
do but yeah thank you guys so much for
watching this video don't forget to
leave a like share the friends you
enjoyed subscribe be new and I'll see
you guys the next one Peter
don't go here don't forget to leave a
lighter don't forget to show
