hold on come on the other go go go she
does that about every two hours even
when we just took her outside but I'm
gonna try to get a little bit more sleep
and then I'll continue with this video
so goodnight
okay Dylan's here and we're gonna go to
Walmart right now all right
Boston yeah it's starting to get chilly
out do any of you guys remember this
coat because I wore it in my 100 K
special when I jumped off that bridge
well the Frank does zipper broke
whatever it'll be fine
let's go told you guys it was cold
hahaha why did I do that
it's a phase relax all right I have to
bring this as well so Walmart doesn't
kick me out I forgot to tell you guys
he's out of school today because he's
doing a job shadow or something for what
the English yep English class yeah I
don't have that stuff
okay
which is Bob all
oh all right move over Kate okay so we
ended up buying 31 years of coke 15
packages of six rolls of Mentos and
taking this off is to me people look at
me let's go home do the Boogie all night
long stoned in Paradise ignite Eastern
never danced like this
alright we're about to bring in all the
two leaders and hey none of them burst
that's pretty cool oh you still out
though mission failed
we'll get him next time my mom called me
she's like don't ruin my bath and I was
like how would it ruin it she goes well
aren't Mentos chocolate and I'm like no
but yeah Quinton is on his way over
right now we're all gonna get inside of
the bath my dog Rose really needs a bath
so we could just put her in there that's
a good idea with the laundry basket
hello you've got a head on your
shoulders young man yeah I should look
at my shoulder the first day huh here
I'll get these you get all the two ears
there there oh my god yes there is so
much coca-cola if this gets on my face
like I swear I'm not gonna dump my head
because I'm gonna get so much acne we're
gonna cut open all of the Mentos and
we're gonna stick them in this bowl and
then we'll just dump them all at once oh
yeah guys I couldn't see by the way
we'll put like one Mentos in first see
the reaction I just noticed so little
puppy first I take all these out of the
frickin packages ah just like double
wrap isn't it what is human effort for
all these in that tiny bowl on how you
think positive for once it's my phone
bye ready your mom's going you quit I've
seen people do this before but I think
we're taking this to a whole new level
I've never seen it done with this many
we legit bought every one they had in
the store I gots me this is the last
package write me answer here okay let's
put them all inside the bowls bro this
better not ruin my clickbait underwear
I hope this is going to be as fun as it
looks
what if we put them in here and nothing
happens then I'm gonna become a
scientist maker kids you can run a good
sky in slesin from this when you put
Vince on your toes they fish up okay
we've got a mouth filled up finally that
took like 30 minutes so according to
this one these are all the white ones
that I think will react a lot better I
have no idea if these will actually do
anything do the fruit ones but here's
the last one
you just ruined it sorry okay I don't
want to get any coke on this shirt I
like this shirt
no hating okay I'm working on it okay
ready yep ready one two three oh oh god
good the cat I think this might be the
first video where we do something and it
actually like fills up all the way like
we bought enough peels throws on the
Nightbeat I've never stood in cooked
before the biscuits in the Jets my
mommy's gonna get mad look on PA haha
would you do the challenge where we have
to drink the whole bottle in one second
sure that you shoulda soon felt better
oh let's go buy more all right last
coca-cola bottle it didn't fill up as
much as I thought God why does it take
so much okay we went to Walmart and we
bought 15 more so hopefully this still
works I can feel the heat off of it's
gross you lie there put your hand right
above it
that's so weird in a minute it's like a
nuclear power plant yeah is it toxic get
like a day that it looks like a syrup we
could put this on my pancakes why don't
you like a hose and you guys a straw and
drink it mmm yeah what am I now is
winter when I was not Hey look at my
workout skills
okay give me one of each Mintel I'm just
gonna drop it in care of that for anyone
first fur do you want first ready yes it
did a little bit we did it basically
nothing I was doing it bubbling well it
is bubbly oh it's because little is
because of little Mentos with a big
amount of mass goggle-eyed series dump
it all in yeah no you got a lot later
first lay in it lay in it and man don't
dump these on yeah it's so cold oh dude
my bullets they should not have coke on
come on the other gonna go go go
Oh Oh feels so cool oh this feels like
one of those like spa things look what
Mommy you've nothing to worry about
didn't you knew that did we buy the
wrong vintage or something feels pretty
good
nothing to 100 reason I die doing this
oh it's cold I know you know we've made
a few videos we pack up our day yeah
ah
work you can just know God I make sure
to show you got towels dress dead okay
guys well here's the final mess all this
trash as well all of that and all that
and here's the draining bathtub
it looks like poison honestly alright
boys let's do this I'm using towels okay
it's done draining and oh my god yeah
they definitely did not dissolve and
this is just gross
it honestly smells horrible here I think
that's the one I chewed up a little bit
and spit back out yeah okay guys well as
you saw that didn't really work very
well and I've been informed by someone
that works with my mom that you actually
have to use diet coke and I feel really
stupid and probably half of you have
commented that if it's true and yeah
right now we're gonna go to Walmart by
about the same amount of bottles and
we're gonna do it again
for you guys so yeah we're gonna go to
Walmart I'm just gonna like skip over
all the Walmart stuff we already did
that and we're gonna catch the chase we
will see you up in the bathroom okay so
we're back home
we got the diet coke now and we got all
the Mentos again we got more blue this
time hopefully the mint will do a better
job don't left real quick we'll be back
in a minute but in the meantime I'm
gonna grab one of these and we're gonna
go outside we'll go out of my front yard
and I'll drop one of a minute and we
will see how much of a reaction it is
okay here we go I hope this doesn't get
my camera wet I'll just dump two and
Oh free did you test it outside yes and
here when everywhere we're too - yeah so
we're gonna have to put plastic wrap
around the counter and on the ceiling
and down the curtain all right we're
almost done emptying them out this
better be cool like I'd rather it ruin
our house and it'd be cool then it not
do anything again and I waste another
tuner dog you got to go downstairs
because my mom doesn't want us to ruin
the upstairs for some reason thanks dude
here we have the complete bathroom got
all the towels got my broom walked off
just in case because I don't want it to
ruin my xbox before perfect last one
everybody all right okay guys here we
have it a whole bowl full that ride are
you ready it's going crazy I'm putting
the phone down
no you're not your recorder that's just
for the video already three Gil two rows
come on try to a countdown yeah three
two one
I mean they'll do this this is perfect
it's not going everywhere but it's still
cool so it seems like no matter what
like if you have it in the bottle it'll
go high with one but you do a whole
bathtub full it won't matter because
it's been been exposed to air too long
or whatever fresh on my own next on
another light now $200 later I hope you
guys enjoyed the video thumbs up for our
two attempts at this yeah thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
leave a like share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys the next one peace out
thanks mom I didn't want to touch it
with cocaine
