what's going on guys I'm coming my mouth
is a bad idea thanks for the fan food
they are honestly now we got a console
full click the stuff right in here we're
just sitting here what am I gonna do
today Kabam you're gonna make me happy
send more spicy choose but today we were
bored and we had no video idea so I
tweeted out on Twitter
I asked you guys what kind of video you
want to see and I said I couldn't teach
my daughter back foot because it was too
windy and everybody's like Walden
teacher brother backflip and I was like
the frickin person not the problem it's
my microphone in the wind it's too windy
you wouldn't be able to hear anything
and then they're like oh and then they
said some other ideas and then I was
just like why don't we do what we used
to do I got the pupper thank you ok I
want to teach my backflip but yeah we're
just gonna do stuff like we used to we
used to go climb bridges and stuff I
know what are you doing what are you
doing she can up here I don't know oh
god I'm you dog literally goodbye good
Mac well for but today we're gonna go
climb a water tower we're gonna go try
to find one no idea where we're gonna go
where she gonna try to find one without
a barbed wire fence around it and this
finally gives me an excuse to use my
calpro alright pepper go no in there go
go - Wow
come on come on let's go oh
roof roof go get it rawr god I'm sorry
we'll see it later I love you I'll miss
you
alright let's head out since my car is
already pretty dirty we'll just take it
down the dirt roads alright so we're
just gonna scour the area try to find
one there's a big Tower right there but
appreciates for telephones scour the
area scour the area we're gonna survey
the scene oh I'm taking a nap while
we're at it yeah I forgot he stayed up
all night playing with my dog and
working out yeah the goal is to not get
arrested so we're gonna try to go far
out there burn invisible super suit
I'm really tired say some stupid crap I
gotta find my jams
they're in the pantry home hi back on
time for my favorite song ever
we found one but we don't know this is
gonna be a we don't know
I don't stick it can go in it oh you go
inside I don't think it's unlock it's
definitely locked there's an old key on
it an old key on it now there's a key on
the lock that we got used I don't know
if you guys can see if there's a big
water tower right there whatever onto
the next one I guess daddy's which you
with your prayers time to rock out oh
yeah
everybody with the key in a secret to
rap immortality like I'm home the truth
of the Rupert there's a bunch of tracks
by that one I'm scared now no no I
haven't marked out another this dude
that would have been so cool to telling
you is just go to the bridge where the
bridge would find it too many times
well I'm Baio we've got gotta move all
we gotta learn new people and haven't
seen it guys
we need to show you the haunted bridge
the story goes that some kid hung
himself on the bridge and if you look at
it at 4:20 on 9/11 you can see them
hunting we're gonna keep that in
I have 83 miles till empty and we will
use all of it until we find a freaking
tower waiting climb you better believe
it do you make a compilation of all my
Debs
all right we have another possible
candidate that thing and it definitely
has barbed wire and a thousand things of
security all around it I drop my safety
schizos we can cut through it Oh guys we
found it the biggest Tower this stuff
reminds me of like my entire childhood
though alligator oh oh it's a rock oh I
have an idea next time we come out here
let's bring the green-screen laughs and
eat this and go to something galaxies I
think we're high on parkour all right on
to the next place all right guys we just
found this we're not gonna climb it
today if we manage to get forty thousand
likes on this video we will come back
here at nighttime and we will go inside
and see what's inside
look they're like falling apart though
and there's another one we can mark off
the list because we can't climb it even
though it's like perfectly tall there's
more barbed wire around it why don't
people let us climb stuff we just want
to have fun we're kids kids
there were these two but both of them
have barbed wire around them as well
this is getting old and getting arrested
isn't on our agenda for the day
tomorrow's okay I think this was our
last hope that big Tower out there
really wanted to climb this one but it's
on somebody's land and says keep out all
over and I don't even want to ask
because they're just gonna say no and
probably make it mad because they have
legit for no trespassing signs on their
fence who we could go he's getting a
green suit and crawling the grass a
ghillie suit
well green suit Oh life like a green
screen
slugger green screen and then we
photoshopped our selves into the ground
wait like this one okay here we go climb
the bridge we should sir last hope and
it was our first well we're about an
hour and a half away from home right now
we only have 5 miles until empty we had
no money
we actually just bought gas but yeah
we're almost out again just getting the
cars off we also got two hunks of pizza
yes we did see it actually says hunk hey
they left some foam for us with a foam
pit it's nice and windy today for some
bridge climbing good conditions all
right Quentin's going up this one he'll
be about up there and I'll climb that
one-handed climbing he said don't drop
it who do I look like I am so I'm
stepping with these and holding with
this one and then this arm goes around
like this and it's dangerous fellow
room with my other hands off we used to
jump off that cliff into the water and
then a little bit into the water those
were the days
it's pretty easy without a camera
guys it's scary yeah try doing at the
one hand
freaking scary
oh I got I'm gonna come down okay guys
we're going to make a big leap we made
it
now is risky fella you know this bridge
kind of looks familiar can reminds me of
Park for Jace's and Hobbs ops is that my
xbox yeah I mean a little bit no no sir
no your cameras neck no no no no no
those were real all right so Quentin is
the chest mount on right now he's gonna
climb back up and I'm gonna climb right
under him and then I'm gonna hang from
the bar again I'm wishing you luck hey I
can do the two hands this time that's
great hey buddy
hey I'm not liking this can you hold
this this is freaking scary okay that's
definitely scariest thing I've done in a
fat man it was kind of fun though
ready here catch my feet hurt terribly
all right just to give you guys a
perspective I'm this tall me and Tanner
climbed up to there and we're both
dangling off with one arm try and get
good ankles for the views man's all
about thumbnail man you're sketchy bro
okay see you home did you think we
forgot about you huh all right we're
gonna let you out but you're coming to
my room and you're not peeing on my bed
all right not again she always does this
I open up her cage she sits for a good
15 seconds then she'll come out what's
wrong with you huh go get it hey family
picture come here dog oh but yeah guys
in my next videos I think I might be
drinking my call of duty perks tell me
if I should do that like they've been
sitting up there forever so it'd be
pretty gross but I'll do it
it'd be funny and also I think I'm gonna
try to teach her a backflip
I'll use my yellow pads Hey no bite
nobody
one day this yapper is gonna be a woofer
now quick
say hi I like naked good oh don't stop
my nuts again aha
why would you do that to me hey he was
hitting my nuts a lot with me in the
eyes and tell me why you did it
be at climbing a bridge we've done it
before but we've never both climbed at
the same time and hung on the same part
of it and now they have signs that are
like don't go on this bridge even though
we did it anyway I probably shouldn't
admit to that I will go on it since
sixth grade yeah we've been going there
forever and they can't now just say
don't do it yeah as you guys could tell
that bridge was pretty sketchy so right
trying to do my outro so leave a like
for that and we'll do more crazy stuff
as I said 40 thousand likes and we'll
try to go inside of that one place yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like share the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one
rather said oh don't bite my cord said
he goes hey I bought you for a reason
bye have a great time
