what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day the joke was the Kate Upton
used to be there and now she's not lol I
hope you guys are all having a great day
I hope the Tang Clan is smiling I hope
you guys are just chilling we have still
uploaded every single day of December I
have not missed one day yet I'm really
hoping it stays that way I've been going
so hard on the vlog I read you guys's
comments I know a lot of you guys can
tell and I hope you guys just enjoy the
vlogs and watch them that's all I really
want who just came in here was it Luna
I'm about to go to Grandma's I can take
my truck and take you or I could have
fun in my RA I don't know I guess I did
Drive my RA a lot yesterday if you guys
missed it I raced Quinton and his
Corvette did some donuts went for the
top speed in Reverse it was pretty sick
so if you missed it go check it out but
I'm thinking for today hold up it's dark
I want to do a little bit more of a
laid-back vlog for once all the videos
lately have been so crazy so I want to
just slow it down for a little bit is
that okay with you Luna you want to go
to Grandma's you want to go to Grandma
you want to go to Grandma's I'm going
with Luna in my truck you can go if you
want yeah why because I want to see how
she reacts to grandma's dog Oh Rose
would rather stay here Luna we're about
to leave calm down or are you gonna stay
home and do your school mom do you think
Taylor should go to Grandma's she wants
your opinion tell you though you have so
much schoolwork to do how you're
responsible it's the only better
guessing not hang in there I'm chatting
with my friend paella la are you there
maybe she hung up okay goodnight Tristan
let me guess
hi hi want to go to Grandma's punky who
else um let's go Luna come on if you're
coming with me come on you're a girl
rose rose we don't have room and loon is
the untrained entertaining one you're
just too nice this truck is always such
a pain to get out of this garage there's
no room I just need a Lamborghini
because I bet it would fit perfect in
the truck Luna truck
come on let's go for a ride come on
let's go for a ride good girl
you hold down the fortress okay I just
need you to sit still and calm down
we'll be there in about thirty minutes
all right we are off to a bad start you
might have to hold her so we don't crash
by the way
it's looking like my grandma's at my
great-grandma's for dinner I forgot it's
Sunday they do that so it might just be
a stew in Luna we'll find out oh there's
a cat Luna no shot-caller you're free
just don't run away please last seconds
lay down she's already gone guys the
cats are all so scared
she's a hunting dog she's a country dog
she is meant to be out here you want to
come play with Gracie Gracie would
simply be nice don't play nice Luna
remember you're four times our size just
interested Tristan Oh No there's
Christmas present okay Gracie can you
jump up here yet No pretty close this is
proof that we could get a small dog true
but I don't want another dango and if I
do it's a German chef yeah this is the
vlog how killer just watch him
so this has been Lunas first time
meeting my grandma's new dog Oh my dog's
first time yeah there's gonna be a
different title it's probably not Lunas
first time hoon is a gentleman in the
streets and a freak in the sheets and
she's neither of those actually
lunar looks so big right now
Graci Graci I'll keep you safe what
happened hit the bird Luna leave the
bird alone leave zippy Alone leave
Britney Alone well the Sun is setting
and still no sign of my grandma we'll
wait a little bit longer cuz I want to
help her set up her Christmas tree if
she wants me to Lunas chilled out a
little bit Gracie's still scared of her
she's hiding in the corner alright part
1 of training Luna do you want one of
grandmas cookies oh I was gonna tell her
to sit but she's already sitting uh-huh
sit good girl oh my god Luna what have
you done those are cats in those trees I
think they should be able to get down I
mean if they got up but I'm sorry
kitties I'm gonna take her away I
promise I guess we'll stop by my
great-grandma's see if we can catch them
before they leave it's just getting
really dark so I think we're gonna head
out Luna come here get in the truck get
in the truck
good girl you're learning Luna is still
a spaz but she's getting smarter for
sure hey Luna grandma's house is this
way yeah let's go cannot cannot
you don't go home I'd you do ya know
what's up another day in paradise well
we just got here but everybody's heading
on out so Luna are you ready
so how are you enjoying the country boy
in mobile well it has many miles and I
don't know how it's still running and I
would be enjoying it more if I also
wasn't smelling Lunas nasty ass I've
kind of left it out of the vlog but then
I can't stop farting it might be because
a federal cookie Tristen federal yeah
sang shakes every time it gets about
seventy miles an hour so it's on its
last leg Luna please go use the bathroom
please any new paw prints on the alright
I can't tell those might be old
I never even parked this outside like
how have I not seen her do all of that
well with us lights already on I thought
I goofed Luna go poop we all know you
need to so I talked about earlier in
this vlog how I haven't done a chill
video in a while or whatever and that
this video was gonna be more laid-back
and as I'm filming it I'm realizing like
I can't really have chilled aids it's
kind of driving me insane that nothing's
happening I mean it's been fun and
whatnot kind of relaxing but I'm a kid I
need to run free through the field I
just thought I'd try something a little
bit different if you guys were getting
sick of all the constant things
happening if you guys like the laid-back
like talking to people vlogs or if you
like the random sporadic normal vlog you
guys already know whatever you want I'm
going to film I've always kind of just
filmed my daily life but with more
random stuff added in that wouldn't
usually happen to most people
completely up to you guys if you guys
want me to all build a second attic we
have a second attic in the house through
my room we could make this but like way
bigger and way better maybe not but I'm
gonna go inside and we're gonna have a
sit-down chat with Taylor right now yeah
yes I'm explaining to do
I've been expecting you so my sister
Taylor as some of you or all of you may
know my hands are cold I was in the
Attic I was holding ice yeah now it's in
the dog's mouth and they are chewing it
so loud wait you guys know that Taylor
recently transferred online school Luna
do not knock over the ring light get up
here please I put her in the vlogs like
working on online school and such she
was doing this today she was on our
computer still like whoa so Taylor's
gonna spill the beans of the truth of
what has been going on my year well I
don't do online school anymore hi Luna
it was really really awful
it was super hard to focus awesome and I
couldn't get my work done so I was gonna
switch to a different program online and
then my mom was like not family going
back to school and I was like okay so
basically she was in online school and
then she went back to public school just
recently and she didn't want me to put
it in the vlogs or anything yet but now
I told her like who's gonna care what
really forcing me I said yeah like might
as well tell you guys I used to promote
online school a lot in my vlogs like
whenever I did it because I had the
perfect situation I hated school I
wanted to do other stuff I was ready to
get the hell out it wasn't gonna help me
so I was like yo but I was in an online
school that was basically like no school
at all she had to do actual school and
she's like retardedly hard on herself
for some reason so she actually wrote
down all the notes basically she was
sitting up in a room all day doing
school alone with no friends driving
herself crazy so she just decided to go
back to public school she's got a dress
for Jingle Bell Ball I'm just grace get
out here guess how many school dances I
went to none remember when I used to
pick you up from school in the vlogs and
I'd be like yeah have a good day or like
I don't know now I can do that again
I won't by the way Luna you still smell
like dirty ass she smells like fish food
I she's licking me the message from all
of this is that if you're on the fence
with online school and you're in like
middle school or high school I'd
probably just stay in public school if
you like your friends if you have like
no friends and then
you have a better situation going for
you than basically a few hi friends that
always promoted online school to me and
then there's other people like Taylor
that went online school and then they
didn't like their life now you have a
chance to be popular yes yes you go to
that dance you kill it I want you to do
this dance move everyone's telling me
that they're glad I'm back so that's
good huh I mean mostly everyone you know
what kids told me when I went to school
what kill yourself faggot I just hope
that you didn't leave a bad impression
on all the teachers now they just left a
bad one on me but guys I think we're
gonna go ahead and in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it and thank
you so much for watching it's a little
bit shorter I know it's just been a
boring day because I didn't make it a
fun one it is my fault for once if you
guys will see a more crazy video go
watch one I made within the last week I
promise you it'll be fire yeah I think I
saw just watch this video and hopefully
you've liked our friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys
you came in looking like that you just
made bitch
