Oh zero yes
why'd you stop hanging out with Tanner
Gregor he's in public school so is he so
it's just usually mean Quinton but today
we have all of this fan mail I'm gonna
need some help opening this oh you and
you you're gonna have to help so we'll
open all this on camera and these are
all the ones that we're gonna open off
camera and I'll show all the best ones
in the end this is probably going to be
a multiple hour thing because yeah and
then we have all these over here and
we'll open all these as well so yeah
this is probably the most fan mail I've
ever gotten this is about two weeks
worth and I've just been kind of saving
it up haven't been opening any but it's
time and why is like a piece of my hair
missing get up there we go
look at how clean our houses hi Chandler
hi Taylor's friends hi hi dog oh hey
over here thank you
oh I didn't even need my keys there we
go and look at how clean our downstairs
is it's never this clean so I had to
show you guys all right let's get into
it
all right are you ready put the cheese
away all right let's go okay we're gonna
start off with this first one from cat
this better be a poster and it better
have Kate Upton on it because I don't
have very many of those be careful to
not cut this couch I didn't care about
the last one but I like this one just
sure wait this is literally the Skybound
t-shirt I already have except this one
has no underscore on it well thank you
Skybound for taking out the underscore
because I did change my Instagram
username dude I'm gonna spin this whole
video trying to open this up clay oh I
want to try to open this you're
interrupting my pizza eating lip
conditioner I just want to turn this
yellow thing in half okay
they set a cup of candy with no wrap
around it that's not safe Oh oh my gosh
I'm in the car collection tray red
middle verse I'm using for air Hawks ID
when I add to the car collection up
there do you want to hear everything
that we've opened set on the bed behind
you throw that behind you a doll until I
tell the bailiff to spear a spear bit
that's a spear there's actually a spirit
oh it doesn't work thanks for nothing
brother's not now hey add to the edge of
the frickin wall yeah
any door this is sand well we might have
to do this one off camera cuz I can't
get it oh there we go
wait no oh hey look at this what if this
is huge this is awesome 1 million
subscribers there's two things dude that
would take forever to draw Thank You cat
I don't know where to put this right now
got one giant boa okay so made you a
million subscriber fire boom I wood and
string better than youtube's dang it i
just wanted to open one thing without
all just cocking ya know you almost oh
he might try that one he also sent you a
guitar does it shock me wait just pin
this is a pin okay they sent me pictures
of the plaques I don't have cool
oh good someone say you owe each for the
foampit a banana
duct tape dragon wallet I should lost my
wall in California so thank chaplet with
koalas on it okay someone tell you
cheese not any money but I'm not here be
easier if everybody put their name on
the outside of the box so I could like
say it right off the bat give a nice
little shout out before you open it
exactly
you're not gonna microwave my pizza and
something stop looking in here is that
it was nolo oh oh just sent me a fake
mustache I think this is like actually
to the business uh this one's from
Hannah and it was a painting no she
oh they send you a piece of paper with
stuff that you can buy from them that's
very kind that's cool today wait where
10 Ryo ah
this means tannery we just here this is
like laminated on a plaid it's from
Hannah
Thank You Hannah and at UH free Jenna
huh free from England Quinlan
or will charger portable charger
portable charger here you can keep this
one since you like ducks oh yes you like
pigs don't ya yes Oh a grenade or a
pineapple I think it's a grenade dude
that's so cool too bad I just spent $30
buying my own portable charger thanks
for nothing I'm kidding I do it hot
cheeto ah my Whoopie kitchen oh gosh is
somebody looking goonie well packed full
a dog mil a dollar plate why are my
brother and sister on the back what wait
are you on the front yeah okay fanart
whoa whoa a smiley face bouncy ball all
these are sick
I think they'll fit to molding clay oh
my god with a puzzle piece Oh tampon
time Tanner dabbing that's a bun that
meat having or is it like shorter than
braces Tanner yo I think they're calling
us out for us this video oh my god I'm
not doing the pin boozled bean boozled
be diesels you challenge the thing back
in the day why am I still holding tank
by the car have a water bottle Mountain
spray there isn't just a random public
piece of - black kids on here why do
people send change on the bottom of
boxes it's so hard to scrape up snot
market okay I really hope I don't know
what this is right here in this uh pinky
no Big O should kept my mask on Shh okay
school kitchen does not work that's
nothing you let a real fart
she's from Seth Beshara alright this
mustache is making my mouth sweat I like
it this one's from my friend Jane Ellie
he lives in California in my mustache
just coming off aha
what is going on gosh are you getting
all
Oh preacher we handed you one box throw
back to sixth grade know why is someone
saying you a dope knife you can use that
they actually I'm love you to use that
I'm using a kitchen knife and I don't
know if you want to look on camera or
not but very good card
Oh porn star playing cards that's
awesome
are they really I think so star sapphire
hold up washer inside out so label
doesn't peel off uh it says freaky in
the profile picture to Tanner it was so
amazing me do and I finally sing this
package lmao
that means laughing my ass off you've
grown so fast it's crazy see you go from
a hundred subs with those sunset time
lapses to 1 million subs and collabs
with famous people hurry back to Cali
and I better get my stickers also come
back to Cali soon you just said that you
really want to go hope you enjoy the
memes and stuff cyberbully channels or
cancer by the way you're at 1 million
20k subs at the moment don't drink too
much bleach from your boy J Nelly do
they just casually throw it in ya why
are you so small I am pepper my dog's
still pepper right now alright wait this
one's from Robin something from Ireland
he also said a hat dude this is a dope
head I actually have a dope head oh this
one cool as engraved letters oh yeah
that's the best thing yet Nike lead song
these are like good socks thank you so
much Jane Ellie honestly wait what size
are that get your thread size 8 to throw
a little bit boy ye Hwa oh my god they
sent me a letter Guinea Aventador and
another Lambo yato Gallardo oh my god
are those thick there's someone in there
there's someone there's a little bit of
oil hey what's our football player in
there yeah iPhone 6s plus just in case
you lose your phone again lol it better
not be like this no it's just the case
but whenever I was hanging out with him
at the beach with Tanner Fox I lost my
phone on the beach it was super cool is
your mom why dude this is like a ton of
bracelets as well thank you Jane Ellie
alright now can I make please go yes
Robin from Ireland
whoa graffiti whoo
I got fan art tanner I got fan art go
away nerds and Jolly Rancher - is the
culinary we'll put a pile of food as
well
warriors wanna send me water speakers
what though I'm good dude I've never had
water speakers ever I've always wanted
to not another duct-tape wallet they
better be money in here I'm taking it
well this is a good doctor okay it's an
actual wall with duct tape on it I was
confused smart fan are it's like a
fountain this is literally my background
music and heavy video I still have a big
one
this one's from Tyler codes coded
there's red just out did all of us oh my
god this is the craziest band mail
that's insane
let's go Sarah and Hong Kong well that's
actually sweet she painted that like oh
my god now that's sweet we should try
these lighter tauter
why do the works we only do Clorox here
sorry
today we literally have to make a candy
pile now this is an actual thing picture
is a picture of Squidward dabbing
alright this one's still from Tyler no
way
hold up hold up hold up hold up Tyler I
love you for this oh my my is this crazy
this is a good this is a good one dude
this is the Galactica with the other one
I gotta show them the whole collection
and we still have to go through all of
this here's our complete line up with
one fraud Lamborghini that's insane I
love you guys so much alright let's try
the Irish butter toffee and then we will
open the other packages and show you
guys the best ones but we don't have
time to do that on camera cuz this video
is probably already pretty long play it
toast it's also the best - well you
can't really good mmm
teeth glue tastes good though oh I can't
black fine taste right now it's not
telling us good day like a butterscotch
tastes like Ireland
nasty awesome I will see you guys after
we open the rest of those and we will
show you guys the best ones
and cut I think guys going to give a big
THANK YOU to everybody to help me open
these probably 300 plus envelopes here's
all the random miscellaneous here is all
of the letters that we're gonna have to
put in a trash bag and here's all the
trash in the trash bag from all the
letters I don't know how much more of
this I can take because we just spent an
hour doing this with this many people
okay man we've been doing it a while you
guys got you thanks but let me show you
guys the best stuff we got so we got one
of these see them on workout pages all
the time they're pretty cool called loci
aloe pie I love you guys yes so yeah
thank you for this whoever sent it I
already threw away all the names but
then we got like 50 GoPro stickers
really big ones that's pretty cool these
sunglasses that are actually kind of
cold on me we put them on for you sick
and this guy stole this off his
neighbor's car JK but yeah it's pretty
cool Mustang I used to have a Mustang
and here's all the fan art from this go
around definitely the most I've ever
gotten
oh yeah last thing someone very very
generous for some reason I'm actually
gonna read this off real quick before I
show you guys it I remember I'm an
online school so bear with me do tanner
my name is max I'm a huge fan of you in
your videos you have taught me a lot and
I can't thank you enough so I'm sending
you this gift I'll be sending more of
this in the future to help you out in
any way possible please use it as you
wish keep up the flipping and I'll be
watching feel free to give a shout out
so I know you appreciate I do he asked
my first backflip I did I broke my leg
so thanks for that okay let me show you
what he sent me so he sent me all this
money but the thing is there's like
seven 20s in here if you broke your leg
for one you should be using this money
to pay your hospital bill but yeah I
don't need money from you guys I think
I've said this a couple hundred times
now you could send me change just don't
send me a ton of money because he talked
about the whole hacking situation and
yeah
I did lose money like a lot but yeah
we're just going to go out in the
wilderness and throw this JK but yeah
that is basically it for this video
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if you
know and I'll see you guys the next one
peace out thanks for everybody sent mail
say goodbye say goodbye Ellen bye 1 2 3
