it's time I'm finally getting around to
signing all ten of these Kate Upton
posters them over into the post-office
and I will send them away because this
is finally one free day I have because I
already like pre-filmed the video for
today alright I don't I don't know where
to sign
I think I'll sign the white like next to
her head I was gonna sign her boob
because it was gonna be funny but yeah
yeah turns out I hardly know how to do a
signature so I mean I never had to sign
anything before really this is gonna be
difficult there you go that looks like a
signature to me what do you think
Quentin
looks like butthole to me got them all
signed already ready mom great I got to
get my sister from school too
alright well the post office only had
three boxes that I could put posters in
so I'm gonna drop one off at my old
friend Sam's house he watches all my
video so he deserves it he's a really
funny guy and I used to play xbox with
him all the time and so I'll drop one
off at his house after I go get my
sister
hey are you outside yeah
get in don't step my McDonald whistle
and meet one more time
Sam here I know I have a poster for him
okay you're probably not gonna approve
but you want to contest hey leave that
for him if you would okay thank you
that wasn't weird at all hi so since I
don't want to wait to give away more
posters because I don't know when
they're gonna get the boxes in I just
got a really funny idea and we're just
gonna go give them to random people and
right now we're gonna go buy my old high
school and we're just gonna like give
one away to some kid out there if they
want it want to be my videographer no I
want to stay in the car all right where
can I park kids already left there's
like no kids because we got out 15
minutes ago relax this is gonna be so
weird I don't want to do this anymore
hey Sammy come here I got to give
something to you I want to give you a
poster dude you want on you don't want a
poster yeah why not
all right all right let's go you're my
best friend in the whole world so you're
getting a poster you like girls don't
you yeah okay then you're gonna love
this poster all right there you go man
click it and love it all right fist bump
all right see you later
you have a ride home of course get in
let's do it alrighty there you go huh
thank you yeah
yeah Taylor if you want your baja blast
freeze from me you have to record me you
have to record me
Taylor record me we're going into Taco
Bell let's go I don't know if they'll
let me bring this in
there you go
take it home on to the next people this
is so awkward I should probably just
wait and melon but this is funnier and
don't worry guys all the winners that
IDM and said that they'd win had won all
the winners are getting one but we're
just giving away these so I haven't like
promised them to anybody so we're going
downtown real quick hopefully fine like
someone walking on the street all right
right now we're trying to find an old
person because it'd just be funnier you
can see right through the back break a
dust and posters
this one has a smiley face on it one
eight hundred that tub well tanner
there's literally nobody here where they
yet though sir
can I interest you in a sign Kate Upton
poster what I Kate Upton poster not
particular like yes I'll do them away
yeah
don't really need to Kate Upton poster
on it hey hey her alright he's missing
out alright we are at my sister's
friend's house her name is Lexi and
we're gonna wait for her to come outside
I'm gonna give her a poster here I I've
got something for you hi you take good
care of her all right
you hear me all right you promise I
promise there you go have fun with her I
had more fun with her than you will ever
have all right we are only going to do
one more because a lot of people are
turning us down and I still want to send
the rest of you guys so one more and I
still have like four left over so yeah
let's go okay we're at my stepmoms
parents house we're gonna give him one
we'll give him one with a heart on it
we've got some shit for you oh this is
for Earl is they're all here oh yeah all
right well you didn't have to take this
form right yeah you gotta help me unfold
it so what is this oh it is dad it Upton
and I put heart there so I mean I
figured girl will love this so I'm sure
he will yes all right well we're gonna
go on to the next people actually know
his last one we're gonna go home good
see it yeah hope you enjoy the poster Oh
give it to him yeah I really wish that
her
Ben was there that would've been really
funny alright let's head home alright
let's head home hey Taylor sorry it took
an hour to get home from school but
thanks for helping me rose oh you just
ate the friggin brakes are you doing oh
wait she okay so she can't go down the
stairs but she can go up them backward
that's all thank you oh quit acting like
you helped take care of her you sit in
your room you told me today don't let
her go in my room I don't want to know
it exists I don't want you to know my
releases show us some puppy parkour
there it was that was sick alright guys
but we are back home I hope all you guys
enjoyed this video it was a pretty
random video and I didn't have my hair
up so I'm so sorry but yeah I am really
tired so I'm gonna get some sleep
tonight I will see you guys in
tomorrow's video thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like share to friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one
peace out
