this video is brought to you by YouTube
what's going on guys today we've
actually got a bit of a different video
but it's something pretty cool I
actually had the chance to partner with
YouTube Brad for this awesome new movie
it's called the thinning it's basically
where the world has become overpopulated
and they have to you know control the
population so every year all the kids
are required to take this test and the
lowest-scoring percentile is eliminated
which they're killed anyway yeah it's
kind of like The Hunger Games but it has
social media stars like Logan Paul Lea
Marie Johnson
Peyton lists and some other cool people
so it's just awesome to have the
opportunity to be a part of this and
when I was in LA last week YouTube had
me filmed this test prep thing it was my
first time acting so I mean I think I
suck you guys can let me know in the
comments I probably shouldn't read
though so it'll be bad I'll get better
okay but yeah hope you guys enjoyed this
video for students across America the
annual ten to forty one testing day can
be a scariest day of the year one wrong
answer could change your life forever
lucky for you there's rhombic Academy I
was always super nervous to take my test
but the more I studied with the rhombic
Academy it's more confident I felt and
now I only have one more year to go the
tutors at Robins Academy are so low
voice better than the teachers at my
school don't tell them that
before rhombic Academy the ten to forty
one really freaked me out but now I
actually look forward to it Rama's
Academy is a specialized testing prep
service designed specifically for the
ten to forty one nobody wants to be
thinned but hey that's the price we pay
for a better society right a lot of the
teachers have been through the same
process so I know exactly how to deal
with us when we're having anxiety or
feeling a little bit
test the teachers here are awesome and
they also have grief counseling we have
certified counselors help you through
the grief of a friend or a loved ones at
no extra charge I couldn't sleep
but thanks to the Promise Academy I
couldn't sing time today last year my
friend thought she could do without
rhombus Academy and she did it and got
fit and doing this for you Chloe
we all know the UN is required every
country to reduce its population
annually by five percent which is where
the ten to forty one I just had to
remember that if I didn't do good I was
going to die between my boyfriend and my
friends and my Instagram feed the last
thing in to worry about is dying he does
some stupid test as the saying goes if
you fail to prepare your preparing to
fail and nobody wants to fail the ten to
forty one as we know one wrong answer
could be the difference between life and
death I wouldn't be here if it wasn't
for Alma's Cali Promise Academy saved my
life Rob Visnic Adam you saved my life
thanks rhombus Academy thanks rhombus
Academy thanks rhombus Academy Thanks
Robbins Academy rhombus Academy does not
guarantee success rhombus Academy is not
liable for post-traumatic stress
disorder pre traumatic stress disorder
death death related stress disorders or
anxiety disorders related to thinning
all grades are final study at your own
risk
go to rhombus Academy calm to find out
more about our programs and pricing make
sure to check out our family discounts
we now offer classes for infants
you are approved all right well there
you guys have it um there's the video I
hope you guys enjoyed it I had a lot of
fun making it actually like it was weird
going into a room with a bunch of
youtubers I didn't know and it was like
being forced to be friends with them I
don't know but I guess that's acting but
yeah I became friends with all of them
after and they're all really cool people
so I just need to give a big thank you
to YouTube red and a thinning for
sponsoring this video and I hope you
guys like the movie as much as I did I
actually got to watch it early the
thinny movie actually comes out today on
YouTube Reds you guys can go check it
out a link will be in the description or
you guys can click the annotation right
here but yeah guys that is basically it
for this video leave a comment down
below of your worst test experience with
school I always hated school yeah thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like share the funds
if you enjoyed subscribe for you and
I'll see you guys in the next one peace
out
