what's going on guys today I'm getting a
haircut I'm just going to get a trim
shorter still not going to like diet or
anything because I don't know what I'd
like but someday I'll probably end up
like getting blonde in it or something
just to mix it up hello say good morning
oh oh you don't speak English that means
good morning yeah I made this little bed
right here because this is where I get a
sleep because she wakes up and barks and
then I have to take her out so she can
go to the bathroom so if you guys ever
get a dog if you don't have one already
be prepared to wake up every three hours
to take her outside all right well I got
to go get a haircut so see you later
yeah she's probably peed on her floor
about 12 times in the last day and a
half and I have to take so much care of
her so I haven't been able to make
youtube videos as much probably gonna
have to go back to every other day for a
little bit I can try to do daily still
but it's just so hard because whenever
I'm editing I have to go take her
outside and chill to sit there and bark
and cry and then and no one else is here
a lot of the day so it's usually on me
which I expected it to be but but guys
check out the outfit of the day today
same shirt as always right same shorts
but now I have the bright blue socks to
go with them perfect so it's been like a
week and a half since I've gotten the
drive but I get you today because no one
else can take me to my haircut
and I have to go get my license back
today for those of you they don't know I
left it in California and my brothers
parked behind me so I can't get out but
yeah then we will take rose my dog to my
grandma's house tres said why move your
car alright got my haircut looking a
couple years younger right now we are
going to the peel Box haven't been there
for about a week and a half and they
probably hate me but
all family thinks I'm gay I guess it's
always been that way because of the way
that I walk makes them think I like boys
my favorite song
you know my family doesn't think I'm gay
it's more of my entire YouTube fan base
just kidding but I do a lot of gay stuff
I guess oh well we are at the PIO box
guys all of this was in my small box I
have three bigger boxes open Oh God oh
oh
behind the killer yeah there's more are
you join yeah
poster maybe so this is all the mail
from about a week and a half right yeah
well let's start bringing it out thanks
mom
all right to get my license I got my
license well a temporary one now to my
grandma's house ah it's Tristan's car
wait a second there's someone with
Tristan
we're about to take her inside so
grandma can meet her look guys she never
goes if you ever on a leash
watch I'll pull it she won't budge she
just sits down right when you want to
walk she runs around in circles at my
house all day and keeps us all up makes
sense
enjoying my grandma though
here's the thing we bought oh joy okay
ready go go joy joy be nice oh whoa
there's baby kittens what the Frick and
this is my favorite place at my
grandparents house the zipline over the
pond
me and my cousin Owen used to do flips
off this down into the water but now
it's like even more gross than it was
and it's only like three feet but we
were doing double backflips off it that
reminds me of where my channel is going
to go in the winter it's already getting
kind of cold and like too cold to swim
and stuff and as you guys know like my
most viewed videos and my favorite
videos our flips and just doing crazy
fun stuff and vlogging it so I really
need to know like what do you guys want
to see whenever it gets even more cold
like if it snows I'll probably do some
videos with the snow like doing flips
into the snow I can just keep doing what
I'm doing which is vlogging throughout
my day and doing fun stuff you know I
can do challenges skits freaking gaming
if you want it I probably won't do
gaming I just want to keep it as
entertaining as possible for you guys
because I only watched like 5 youtubers
and it's because it doesn't matter what
video they make I watch every single one
just because it's it's just funny to
watch them whatever they talk about some
of them played just call duty and they
just talk over it and I enjoy watching
them and I know I've talked about this
like a million times about you know like
being known for flipping and stuff and I
think I'm kind of past the point of
being known for flips I make videos now
that don't even have any flips in them
and they still get really good views and
you guys actually come back to care to
watch which means a lot to me sorry my
nose is all stuffy but it used to be
like only the flipping videos got me
used and that just kind of sucked so I
mean the next step from now on I just
it's whatever you guys want to see I
used to only like making flipping videos
now I enjoy making challenge videos you
know whatever it is I have fun doing it
really everything with youtube I have
fun I used to just like not care what
anybody else thought I only made videos
for me and hoped you guys enjoyed them
and now I want to keep doing that but I
also want to make videos that you guys
want to enjoy because no matter what it
is I'll enjoy it unless it's like
stepping on tacks or something but since
I already hit my goal of 1 million
subscribers which was like a life goal I
need to set new goals so my biggest goal
right now that I want is a million views
per video and I'm gonna try to get that
to happen maybe within the next six
months maybe I have no idea how long
it'll
I guess it's like my New Year's
Revolution even though it's October
we'll see how I'm doing during New
Year's and see if I want to make that in
New Year's resolution or not but yeah
guys as you saw we got a ton of fan mail
today I'll probably be doing a pedo box
opening even though I said I probably
wouldn't be doing much of those anymore
I think I'm gonna go back to doing p.o
box openings because there was a month
or so where I only went for viral videos
and honestly I don't know I didn't feel
like I was doing actual videos like
talking to you guys so for sure I'm
going to be doing other stuff I'm gonna
leave a pole right here you guys could
click in the top right hand corner of
your screen tell me what kind of videos
you guys want to see the top ones I'll
definitely do and the bottom ones maybe
I don't do very much or whatever so just
let me know because I need feedback and
you guys already know since I was at my
grandma's snuck about four of these
Tiger pops
they're so good thanks grandma all right
well we're gonna go back home but I
guess that's it for today's video again
think yet so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like share the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out
Oh
now
