so today was like any other day I woke
up played some guitar hero drank some
bleach and then I checked my YouTube
stats and I've realized it's it's
getting worse
up and down nothing's consistent how do
I stay on top with everyone else
PewDiePie Roman Atwood hashtag music yet
no nevermind they don't count but what
I'm getting at is there's something that
all youtubers have that I don't the most
successful youtubers have it me I have
Kate Upton sure sure yes I do and I'm
getting better at clickbait you know I'm
on my way with that but there's one
thing they all have in common they all
have dogs
maybe not music never mind about them
anyway yeah I mean every big youtuber
has a dog whenever you run out of video
ideas for the day and you just have
nothing to vlog about just put your
camera on your dog and record it for a
little bit hey there buddy
hi I'm kidding a dog a dog yeah but
that's what we're gonna be doing today
now let's go no but seriously guys I've
wanted a dog for the longest time and
we've actually had two dogs both have
been given away by my mom because my
family like my brother and sister and I
did not take care of it cuz we were just
little kids and we were lazy
I'm still pretty lazy anyway yeah today
we're gonna go look for dogs probably
gonna buy one we're definitely gonna buy
one if you see in this video I
personally want a golden retriever but
they're all being like oh they're too
big they're gonna shed everywhere bet
the live of that sometimes you got to be
willing to make the sacrifice yeah we're
gonna head out right now I don't have my
license or my credit card or anything
like that I left my wallet they had all
that stuff in it in LA so I have to get
a new one so I can't drive so I have to
go with my mommy to the dog place thing
and you guys may not have noticed it but
there's a hood inside of my hood is a
shirt with a hood it's pretty cool and I
haven't gone to the PIO box in like a
week and a half they probably don't like
me
about time this is my new favorite song
by the way DNA by Lea Marie Johnson okay
we're at petland now and she's just
complaining
what if hip poops money then peace what
if it lives what if it dies look you
won't let me make a life in the teenage
dad series and have a kid so I'm having
a dog you idiot so dog rabbits are over
here fighting mom that's my fave you
know why I'm not getting a goal we can
ask her what it is see what
yeah if we're going to make onions like
70 pounds retrievers are one of the best
fries out there though do you hear okay
let me see if I can get someone to get
it up for you
I like it with the boy or girl girl all
this yeah
now hold
do you like it I want to get it on it'll
stay this small though dang buddy he's
doing it your necklace yeah she chews
that's what they do
mom likes this one me too oh my go dogs
okay he's trying to like escape so yeah
so that how much is that one this is
twenty five twenty five hundred
seventeen hundred that's ridiculous
we'll take that one the goldens birthday
is July 16th so she's like close hey
that's in between hours it's midday
okay all right look mom I already
started to make the video and there's no
way we're going back now look at it she
watching that's what it is boohoo
it's cute can we get her I remember the
last time we went over this whole list
of things and you were like yeah I'm out
see it did you remember that govern yeah
I'm 16 now good Damon that's what I'm
innocent
we'll think of a name on the ride home
right don't make me regret oh wow this
is a new family member right hey you
guys look like a show The Golden Girls
yes I always wanted name is golden
retrievers golden girl there are Dorothy
which Sophia having Rose I was obviously
good Rose like Rose
let's go color understand stuff and
we'll gather to go home with sheep it's
this great thing this is really cool
we're also getting this thingy and this
blue bowl for food and also a $50 brush
alright so we have agreed on a name for
the dog it's gonna be rose just all you
guys know I'm taking her when I move out
now let's get out of here how does it
feel to be outside of that little cage
they said to wait while we pay but we're
not doing that let's go
they say hi to YouTube Oh the reason
I've always liked Golden Retriever so
much is because of the show full house
the people on that show has a golden
retriever and I just always liked them
so now we finally got one and we're
about to head home
I'll have Dylan acquitting over we'll
get all of our stuff set up I'll show
you guys that and we'll be good into our
dirty truck alright see you at home
alright so quick couldn't calm bedont
here let's get his reaction where is he
/ she / it oh I know now we all have
dogs but this made me to be its rose so
the plan is to make this her like little
space back here because nobody works out
and I don't play guitar well we could
just do it here so we could see you
right at the bottom of the stairs I need
to check on the foam pit by the way
probably ruined I'll save that for
another video
hey this is a trampoline just for her
perfect size see how she likes
trampoline be careful rose no quads okay
you're just a beginner now Rose listen
Rose hey okay just like this just like
we rehearsed okay you ready and
Oh God she got freaked out like that huh
you may now roam little one I guarantee
you're gonna walk with this little dog
so you'll have women flocking
all right guys Clay's gonna do helium as
you guys know he has a deep voice I kind
of wish my voice is always like this
nothing actually my normal voice
now it sounds so weird like it's like
your voice is confused hello dad ready
to see the new pupper I hate your car by
the way so I go far
what are you doing is own Eaton she's 80
couple rocks already yeah the small
small ones though first of all you don't
need any ditch thank you
it's trash guys we are such good parents
good thing we cleaned up after most of
the trampoline versus all right guys
well we have her complete home set up
here literally anything a dog could ever
need all right here we had to separate
this in like half so that she doesn't
like to use of space or something so
right now she sits in there and sleeps
in there and this is like her little
fake dog that has a heartbeat and
everything to keep her company
even though I'll probably be sleeping
like right here for a few nights just to
make sure that she loves me but one last
thing we have
she already ate out of a dog bowl but
then we have this big thing of water
feta sits in our bathroom Kirsten needs
to get the frickin fish stuff out of
here because nobody cares about fish we
have an actual pit now well we're gonna
go make sure she goes to the bathroom
outside and stuff but I guess that is
basically it for this video hope you
guys enjoyed it hi Logan
hi my cousins are here by the way and
yeah I will see you guys in the next one
and you will probably be seeing lots
more of my dog in my vlogs so yeah thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget leave a like share the fens if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys the next one hi Dylan
peace out
Oh
