what is going on guys today we are still
in California Taylor Tristan and Quentin
all left they went back to Kansas we dis
ordered room service and I don't have
pants on
Gloria being a youtuber but I did get a
bunch of new clickbait underwear check
it out look at that that's like it's
amazing yeah we're going to eat real
quick then we're going to head out to
San Diego I'm in LA right now but then
we're going to go visit Tanner Foxx
haven't seen him in a little while how
to be a lot of fun
are you leaving I guess by what uh yeah
let's see it Jackie doing yeah do it
they're so bad I was good not bad I was
on it was good drink alright guys guess
what I'm waiting for you to address the
situation but upside down because I'm
holding the camera we're trying to think
of a video idea we're really we're
lacking alright so we couldn't find
anything that we really wanted to do I
mean we went around for a little bit but
we've decided that we are going to go to
Target like we made translate verses
videos where we basically just went to
Walmart found stuff to put on the
trampoline and made videos about it and
since it's short notice and we really
have no ideas we're just gonna fill his
bathtub this time let's up guys oh my
god guess what we got today we got tuna
versus bathtub trampoline cocktail
onions wait bathtub full of little
trampolines
so bathtub versus trampolines inside
giant six-foot balloon full of Orbeez on
the trampoline vs. pool almost drowned
hoverboard have you such a good video
here I'll just do sprinkles you can do
like cheese balls or something you know
how many sprinkles you would have to buy
fake blood in the bat I think I want to
do oh my god
I'm gonna think I'm gonna do the floor
though I don't know well there's these
as well alright guys here it is we're
getting the fake blood it's official I
don't know why I gallon of milk is two
dollars and a gallon of fake blood 20
alright we've literally got all of the
fake blood in here so if we don't fill
the bathtub up completely don't hate on
100 layers of thick blood okay good
got to go yeah hey we're gonna fill the
bathtub with it alright guys we are back
at Tanner's house now going into his
bathroom right here we have all the
blood on the floor soon it will be in
the bathtub
and so will I for some reason and I also
just realized I don't have a change of
clothes I don't really know how this is
gonna work
hey tanner what have any clothes that
you've like paved and blood in before
something I can like slip on come in
what the hey are you you're not using
the bathroom no I what is that we got
some stuff today and I was you know I
was thinking for fun not for views or
anything like that I mean I just I kind
of wanted to put this up in the path and
sit in it you know like never do random
I walked in filming well we might as
well film the rest of it huh I mean I
guess if I just rarely walked in we're
gonna you're gonna pour blood in there
just for fun they had a bathing well I
was yeah dang we should make like a
blood versus elevated trampoline true
date traveling versus blood versa we
just doing a bath challenge okay cool
bath gel is like give jello nah bloody
nasty Halloween bloodbath challenge
going in bloody so we'll start off with
emptying out Zack here oh my god one of
the lids popped off I swear to god it
was just like I was so scared for a
second yeah let's just hope this goes
down the door a little bit in before you
plug it check up see you have a drain
soon good gonna bond right here ready or
see time of course oh she is lqb all
right it's go time feel what it dies the
back to tub my mum's getting mad you'd
have a sick bathtub I guess we should
fill up a little water so it doesn't all
creep in between yeah
can you catch up you're cleaning this up
alright good enough to start with yeah
alright you're saying one more oh my god
I'm so excited I get my socks all day
I'm about to this is about to knock my
socks off without me taking them off I
actually brought an extra pair of
underwear my mom stopped by starting off
to ruin my current attire I guess how
does my bathrooms like four square feet
like I can get the whole floor the
bathroom just folding it looks real
though so this is good a quick I mean
good video it's a good footage can I go
yeah go ahead well this is a hard way
maybe there's a horrible idea this drain
with a little sperms it was the water
doing this dude you know horrible idea
oh this is disgusting
this is gonna stain the bathtub oh
please no we just want ya hey I got you
on that bleach I actually get that left
at my doorstep all the time you know my
mama's gonna be oh it smells like
butthole in here it smells like a bunch
of sharpies or something it does what
sauce does this look like it's a certain
kind of sauce to keep barbecue barbecue
that's it the water makes it kind of
more red - yeah I like that
it's morning tomorrow two-fifty if I put
it yeah throw the red helps with the
footage it makes it the footage greener
the food is great a thumbnail a white oh
okay all right time to the big boy yep
this is the weirdest YouTube video I've
done yet Oh gross make it look like
you're pooping oh ha ha that's so gross
you can see my reflection in it well it
is it so glossy you only have one more
gallon after this yeah I've been knowing
all right this one is coming doing in
alright we're good
Oh
oh let's go oh
you it's like making bubbles what do
they make this stuff with and I have to
like cover my bulbs because YouTube's
gonna get pissed at me with that hot
water I don't know yeah I do not want to
get in it right
ah dude it feels horrible oh my god yeah
it's all settled in the bottom stereo
watch watch it off see it down oh but
most you can see the bottom nice little
monkey a little bit more oh my god turn
the gear guys this is the most I've
exposed my body on YouTube I'm probably
the best bathtub youtuber there is oh my
god is so big I'm cold I'm mixing it off
oh my god submerged no no no no it looks
like coke
oh my god thumbnail right here you your
body's gonna be dyed red
I wouldn't go under this probably the
fumes are bad for you your back is oh
don't get living out here okay well
Halloween special yep turn around do a
sexy gross gross gross oh man is it on
my chin good it feels like it is oh yeah
it's all of you oh all right so how'd it
go horrible never doing again final
strain is to make sure it all drains the
tip of my you-know-what moderately burns
I don't know I don't I don't know why
we're kind of bathing in fumes maybe bad
stuff alright ready yeah we better pray
crazy that goes there I don't check it
like make sure it's all getting down
yeah it is it's sucking it's sucking you
know what else sucks the honestly it
looks better than I thought it's going
to yeah it's not as bad but hopefully
after the shower it's all going good
lucking up the cob sponge you see in a
little bit all right well we got the
bathtub completely clean guys don't
worry about it take care of what I mess
up okay and yeah thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to Like share
the friends if you enjoyed subscribe he
knew and I'll see you guys in that guys
want to see me scary clown check out my
channel thank you
also no hate to guava juice in this
weirdest m√°s Arriba yeah this was a
complete joke we yeah we got respect for
you bro we watch your videos I don't
know how you act maybe you're a cool guy
maybe you're a dick but ya know I hate
to you and also I didn't know this was
gonna be a challenging video cuz it was
pretty gross stepping in that bathtub
but bye peace out
