all right what is going on guys it is
day three in California no day for break
today we are going to go to more
meetings pick up my pants and then go to
the Streamy Awards today I'm in my
Arizona shirt and I'm ready to go
alright well I skipped all the bull crap
of today and we're about to go to camera
Dallas's house right now then I'm gonna
head out to the Streamy Awards with him
don't know how much I'll film there but
and Quinton is going to sit in bed while
we go shirtless under the jacket I
should just go like this since I am
Tanner flip daddy drunk art and that's
just how it's going to be alright so
after going through hell to get here we
are at Cameron's apartment gonna head
out soon for the Streamy Awards and
complete outfit I feel like a
businessman alright we are here now no
idea what to expect but it should be
pretty fun so I'll record whenever
probably not that much but it'll be okay
that's for endian point two left
goodbye goodbye goodbye oh I forgot to
tell you guys I'm going to San Diego for
a couple more days because I'm actually
staying here a little bit longer because
I am actually gonna be a part of like a
little acting thing so I get to stay
here a couple more days I'm gonna meet
up with Danny Duncan tonight and then
I'll be meeting back up with Tanner Foxx
tomorrow so I get to see him again and
yeah I'm not gonna talk like a whole lot
about the whole acting thing I have no
idea what I'm gonna be doing I haven't
even read like the tiny little script I
have I'm gonna be an actor mom yeah this
is like our third hotel and we're gonna
have two more after this before we leave
in three days and rubber bands suck BYE
MOM
all right we are here Danny's hotel
pretty horrible
uber drive here but we're here now I
feel as if I'm gonna sketch you're part
of California right now what's up 30k
what's up man stop you want to shut your
car all right guys we're about to jump
from the top roof down to the pool it's
about three and a half feet so it'll be
really cool um you want to go first we
could easily do it yeah yeah and I don't
think this problem I'd let you go first
and last though just to just to maybe
win it yeah yeah just go left from here
we can we can figure this out together I
think if we don't give up anything's
possible someone once told me to chase
my dreams and ever since then I've been
so motivated and oh wow is that it right
there Wow there it is hell yeah thank
you so much sir I never get day hey
what's up right sir
oh yeah holy crap Judas
this is no no no you're just short of it
now I'm pretty sure guy I'm probably not
gonna do too much tonight because I'm
really tired I'm like it's 10 o'clock
Kansas time so so what's it like to have
a hundred K play guys I feel like I'm in
Mario and minecraft at the same time
this place is so cool about to do a quad
yeah hold on there you go you're good
Oh
Oh Tribble
you went so far yo I was really gonna do
I'm about to try a swing cast off this
bar
this guy I'll show you what a real one
looks like
oh I like it
Oh
and that's what a good trampoline er
looks like one that probably practices a
bit more than I do
yeah that was good
oh yeah
Oh guys take your shirt off
Oh sketchy I can do it better here you
go yeah turns out this thing is not
bouncy
all right so we're about to head out
right now low battery on the camera and
I'm just really tired like probably a
bad idea to come here anyway still a lot
of fun though I still enjoy doing the
flips and stuff
see you later Danny all right see you
guys later
I gotta go sit in another awkward uber
ride where they play soul music and
don't talk alright see you guys later
thank you so much this is a closet
alright guys
lesson learned make sure it's an exit or
tell them to put an exit sign up or just
don't vlog while you're walking out the
door and actually go out the wrong one
that was weird not CNN uber honestly
California's kind of scary like it's
super cool but it's honestly scary
especially when you're alone and then
alleyway alright guys well we are back
at the hotel and that pretty much does
it for this video I know I didn't feel
much at the streamys but that's just
because I didn't really want to there
was just really nobody filming there and
I just kind of wanted to enjoy the time
there and it was just really cool thing
like all the social media stars in one
room and some of my biggest inspirations
were there so it was just an awesome
time and just a huge thank you to
Cameron Dallas for taking me along with
them also the link to Danny Duncan's
channel will be in the description
viewer discretion advised his channel is
very different and I don't want your
parents mad at me some people think it's
funny some people might get scared but
it's there if you want and yeah that
pretty much does it for this video thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget leave like shadow friend if you
enjoyed subscribe if you knew and I'll
see you guys in the next one peace out
yeah
