how's it going brethren what's going on
guys it's dude perfect here that's not
there enjoy what do they do
what's up fellow members of the Bron
Guardian school hey everybody how's it
going huh we got a video today Quentin
and I are going to be doing trick shots
it's a collab with how ridiculous these
guys to do trick shots they're really
good I watch their videos a while before
I had my own channel its water ball
trick shots not not : ET trick shots now
so yeah we're gonna go to the store
we're gonna get a water bottle and then
we're gonna go wow I'm just gonna get
well and one's gonna win and it's gonna
be sick they're gonna have those side
effects errs yeah that's like the whoa
alright let's go to the gas station or
something I'd go shop at Walmart but I
don't shop there anymore if you guys
watch trampoline versus whipped cream
you'd know why this isn't a necklace
it's a charger on our socks alright we
have acquired our water bottles I'm
getting mine until we have permission so
I want to carry around alright so we're
at Lowe's this is our first stop we're
gonna try to get it in the oh but first
we got to get permission we're going to
say we do a water bottle on your sign
and they'll say no you idiot it's right
at the entrance so I don't think we're
gonna be able to do it
no-nobody cool works at Lowe's like
honestly there's no teenagers mid 20s
they're gonna be like 40 or 50 years old
and they're gonna be like leave those
this here joint Oh yo what's up man dude
okay come over here there's a fan
let's meet you there's a lot of fans
here they're kind of surrounding comedy
okay so I'm gonna talk like Harvey from
magcon yeah he's British and then
everything we did he just likes we
talked our way and in or out of it he
would just we talked everyone with that
action so that's on attempt to do here
okay well we're filming a top video
across the season with these other guys
so we basically just do water bottles
trick shots and show your brand in the
video so it'd be like we throw up onto
the sign like that oh but we were
wondering we'd get immersed in the first
you know same old I'm a media standpoint
they won't allow us to have any kind of
pictures or anything like that dealing
with the whole journey going back so
without you guys it have to get frugal
through corporate to do you come like
that I'm sorry this one for thank you
appreciate it and shake the fingers see
you later
dang it Harvey my accent was horrible so
I think that's why they said no yeah
they don't like free advertisement so
we're on to the next place okay we are
now at one of my favorite places this
signs not in the way of anything so I
think we might just do it but they have
clear glass doors so kind of scared we
might still go ask but real quick watch
us get in trouble for this that I'll say
exhaling on this side 200 you got it
alright Tanner's taking the journey to
go ask if we can film here I hope he's
all right they don't capture him always
back what happened
they'd have young workers in there that
are just diddling in the back so I think
yeah I'll catch you when it comes down
going up yep
I gotta get on my tiny ledge right there
hold on oh but don't move it yeah no way
that just freakin landed there we're not
giving up though that doesn't count
it's stuck we should have bought more
water bottle all right there's no gas
stations around here so we have to go
into Walmart
dang it has to be on the inside
who ichika
SiC that was first tried well we can't
find any good water bottles here so
we're just gonna keep looking they only
sell like giant crates and we don't need
that we're just going to go to a gas
station again or something I guess but
what I will buy is these let's go okay
since Walmart didn't really sell any
like normal sized ones we got this and
we also got what okay we're back and
we're not giving up maybe if we throw it
up water bottles up there we can't like
get them stuck anymore
oh we didn't yeah check it out dude it's
like halfway on what the Frick oh my
gosh check that out
dude look it's not even touching the
wall thank you Taco Bell dude that was
sick okay they're possible now we know
they're possible I don't have to do all
right we're gonna do McDonald's this one
isn't very high but we can't find any
other brands that like everyone knows
Kansas sucks we check it on the side
light that's what I was trying to do
yeah Oh check that out dude
oh my god I didn't think I actually got
that as we were doing loops in the
parking lot and my cookies my camera
fell over do but I'm worried about the
cookies all right well we came home
because we couldn't really get any other
good water bottle trick shots so I will
see you guys tomorrow what's up guys we
are back in his day - we're going to try
to hit some more water bottle trick
shots I say this is day two but we've
actually tried to do this like three
times and we either fail because they're
too high and hard to do and we don't
spend enough time or we get kicked out
so we're going to try to beat the odds
today and get some more okay so it's
really windy just like last time and our
water bottle from last time is still up
there but since it's so windy and they
told us to leave last time we're just
going to get it on the black part
because we try to get it up there it's
just too windy though oh it's right on
the edge
as a good
we're cheerleaders
Wendie
when both the bottles get stuck you got
to go to drastic measures
ah
well after three weeks we finally got it
that counts
okay we are at this sign right here it's
going to be kind of hard to this curve
but yeah there's a couple more people at
this but we're going to look real dumb
oh well crap we're going to go get a
drink while we wait for the wind and
knock that down
alright well turns out we actually never
finished that last water bottle trick
shot the bottle never came down off the
sign after we even went in and ate
Starbucks and left so we got a couple
other good ones but a lot of them sucked
but I actually partnered up with the
channel called how ridiculous to do this
they're actually based out in Australia
so this is kind of like a virtual collab
kind of thing but here's some of the
water bottle trick shots that they
managed to pull off I don't really know
how everywhere we went we got either
kicked out or just stared at so we left
or the water bottles got stuck
I don't know maybe it's different in
Australia but anyway yeah guys I'm still
in California right now this video has
been ready for like two weeks we were
just waiting for the right time to edit
and post at the same time so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video the only to
their channel will be in the description
they do some pretty crazy stuff so don't
forget to check them out and I'm going
to go back to sleep for a little bit
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to leave a like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one peace out
you
if I did our first casualty thank you
