what is going on guys day 3 in
California what are we doing today
meetings and a collab so one fun thing
we're gonna be we're doing what later
but anyway yeah we're gonna be meeting
up with Jesse at about 1 o'clock today I
have to go to like two meetings before
then and get my suit pants fixed because
they're too long so I can be styling for
the Streamy Awards even though I'm not
gonna win anything because I'm not
nominated check out the outfit of the
day today cuz light blue matches my
light blue socks that are diamond and
I'm wearing the same ripped jeans
because I was gonna work great but it
didn't go with this alright meetings are
over and we are headed right now to meet
up with Jesse we're going to some exotic
car dealership and we're gonna try to
get them to let us take one of their
cars and I don't know if it'll happen
but it would be cool if it did and if
not then we'll just steal it so it's up
to them okay we have located a blue
Lamborghini no idea what kind it is but
we're gonna go check it out right now
are we gonna tell them that I'm driving
cuz I am that's just how it's gonna be
it's my dream car I'm driving it
alrighty we are here
he as a youtuber and so we've another
guy that's going to meet us here
that guy's 24 there want to do a video
with just driving a Lamborghini so we're
just want to rent one for a couple hours
and do you know the wait oh wait no
who's here
ready to run the ten of course I think
you have to run it 24 hours any times
love to see how much miss it means $12
okay that's fine good we don't how many
more names we do mm don't really need it
for 24 hours but I want to drive it
might as well yeah what to give him
money
Thank You rabbit Holly you know I'm like
14 right I've seen some like hour-long
rentals
all right so turns out Lamborghinis are
a little expensive to rent so we're
gonna go see if we can find a little bit
cheaper one and if we can't then we
might come back here ha but this is just
such a cool blue I don't know oh you
eyeing those up dude oh they're nice I
want one real bad someday what's a
Lamborghini now this is the one we would
have been driving but uh alright so we
are on Hollywood Boulevard now still
trying to find some super cars to go
drive in this one says $89 there's a
sign up here we might be able to get
something great for us got very first
everyone uh yeah good we're actually
looking for to drive a Lamborghini are
you over one sec are you yeah yeah let's
go check it out if you're 18 and over
you just need someone that swing
positive like Bob tree and shit and we
let you drive it up to where the
Hollywood sign is you ever drivers last
yeah yeah ok cool is it old man yeah
automatic let's you can check out the
cars the Ferraris or nine as well this
was a nine
the Ferrari you can bring two other
people with you though it works so you
don't have to pay any deposit it's just
I just go with you okay if you feel
nervous yeah I'll swing around alright
so there's like the viewing point of
like Hollywood whatever
and we let you go up there with the car
I take pictures of carp there and before
you go up there with a show feet up I do
it and then all you guys can well not
everyone because I would have to come
okay so it looks like Jesse will be the
one driving hat I'll be recording crying
in the backseat and then I'll be living
your dreams then he's going to be coming
with us so we don't to pay any like
insane prices and you guys are going to
fight as to who comes with I'm guessing
yeah there's four seats there's four
seats in the Ferrari this Mayra I did
you wish your the school meet his
driver's license on our way nice
so what wait for my mom to get here and
then whatever next time fix we come back
to these you're going with my journey
Quentin's coming with us this time but
next time we've got mom here to help us
sign so we can get on the road Paul
mentioned
thank you why are you out of here I am
I'm gonna go eat my cold food okay
actually it's part nothing else are you
okay
good bye babe if only I was old enough I
would definitely take this wrong about a
test drive get nervous
brother hole that's all I needed here
how is it oh it's like a luxury toilet
I'm not gonna shit the big bill thank
you
there's not much leg room back here
Quentin okay break my life you keep
going he said now and we got a whole dog
we got the ox who's gonna be the DJ all
right yeah we got it
all right you say he's got some French
beat you never heard anything like it
I'm gonna let you do the honors
oh yeah go ahead go ahead put it in hold
the brake press the button Wow
dude this is a big red button rights nah
I fit hold the brake and all the bread
what the yo stop here yo yo
oh is it perfect word
you think that's lit wait till you hear
this music yeah okay we
Oh
how did you know well enough this
actually mirrors everything set bro rock
and roll
I see is it tattoo or what oh yeah feel
ya like buried in my 99 coral pink roll
at home it's very different if YouTube
doesn't work out this is going to be my
job driving Ferraris with random people
all day so I'm from South Jersey where
we don't have roads like this so this is
going to be real interesting yeah try to
get middle lane people Michael finds
ugly kid
yeah we don't have too many super car
dealerships in Kansas or any we are
somewhat on an open road now not really
but we're getting there getting it
dude and they clearly didn't care about
how comfy the back seats were it's like
right right and you can't really move
too much or at all at all all right
let's see nocopyrightsounds because
that's about all we're going to get bass
drop that bass drop
so much frickin power
go
my hairline is so high amazing that I am
bald everytime comfortable yet good this
is me I'm jealous I'm very jealous how
much is one of these about 250,000
that's it we'll extend the triple over
you guys cool there we're gonna stop for
some pictures gotta get them Instagram
pictures so it's his last shift of the
day so we're really taking our time up
here got all the pictures and stuff just
such an awesome ride the Hollywood sign
is literally just right up there so it's
just crazy Anna finally yeah seriously
special so much that's all I'm glad I
could you guys are awesome young
entrepreneurs man thank you this is
inspiration for me to get my own someday
and hopefully that's sooner rather than
later cuz I mean I don't want to be 40
and I'm just like huh you know got to
get it soon so it's not a midlife mobile
oh thank you I just realized I didn't
have my seatbelt on the whole way up
here but I said now right as we went by
the cop now's the time yeah it's what
the general public
Oh
hi all right I'm down the mountain
about 200 sitting above the windshield
my eyes are water all this horse power
no room to gallop I swear I just saw
Alex from Target like I swear to God
nice like yeah he looked at me and I
looked at him and I was like that's the
guy
like one
the cover is
and you guys are gonna be my last ride
of the day I'm just going to chill out
it's all good yeah go home chill my
cat's eyes are the youtubers right yeah
can I kick get a picture of you turns
out in Miami right now thank you so much
man I'm glad I can't all sober matters
back to you he took my baby we'll take
the Lambo from it I wasn't old enough to
drive or I'd be all over that
next time okay guess I should probably
call my mom and tell her we survived
yeah all right so right now I'm gonna go
get my suit pants fixed before the
Streamy Awards tomorrow hope you guys
enjoyed this don't forget to leave a
like for that money well-spent that was
if you guys ever get the chance
definitely you're sure I poured this
video sustainer can get one yeah
okay
that was silly anyway thank you guys so
much for watching this video hopefully
you guys enjoyed it yeah thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
give like share depends if you enjoyed
subscribe to you and I'll see you guys
the next one link in the description to
Jesse's channel if you want to see the
club that we did for his channel went to
a creepy Wax Museum it was pretty fun
though so check it out and yeah
peace out
I'm ready that felt great that's super
move oh that's all I needed here maybe
one of these oh yeah about to be real of
course a little further maybe just to
feel it
watch this tug
yes
