alright guys real quick before this
video get started this video is from the
first two days in LA watch till the end
it's a really good video in the
giveaways at the end and another
announcement so enjoy what's going on
guys Dillons over there sleeping never
mind but we're about to head out to
california today
Quentin's coming with me he's upstairs
got the bags packed and it is bright and
early I had to wake up at 5:00 so I'm
actually really tired
oh hi person that gives us a free
concert everywhere we go how are you
good morning good morning how are you
good are you made under contract
I wanna meet everyone meet my other
grandma hi grandma corty hi she's our
designated airport driver right that's
right and how was your first trip with
your boyfriend so questions be good we
cuddled in the car we did had some fun
last night shared a blanket that's not a
joke I woke up and you're actually
spinning me from behind you're welcome
I'm the first youtuber to ever do that
it's airplane
alright well we almost missed our plane
to Los Angeles but we got it yeah I will
see you guys when we were there we made
it guys we made it to Hollywood I'm so
boring on this is our Hodel there's a
free public bath all right guys we're at
the hotel room and I'm gonna give you a
quick little tour we have a chair we
have a table with some more chairs we
have a Quinn Micanopy
and a couch and a talking mom a mirror a
bathroom and then a bedroom and this is
where I need to post my YouTube video
but hotel Wi-Fi sucks always so it'll be
good two hours and I'm gonna take a nap
and then we're gonna go to a YouTube
kind of party so yeah good night looks
like you went to sleep too we are ready
oh oh oh oh we're ready for the
reception and I have to upload the video
at the premiere because there's no good
Wi-Fi here thank you
same places last time last time I was
here I only had 600 K now I'm a real
youtuber yeah that's re all right guys
look who I run into early at the YouTube
space we're gonna be doing a video on
his channel uh haunted house oh yes
we're gonna is it abandon or whatever we
don't know yet but it's gonna be on his
channel so that'll be in the description
this video should be out before then we
don't hear yourself I've no idea so uh
I'm not happy about it
I asked you guys are in one of the last
videos what you guys want to see with me
and mcjuggernuggets and I'll read those
comments so we'll figure out something
it will be sweet so more ridiculously
better yeah
guys they have Donuts on the wall oh
yeah
Anthony is guy this is like one of my
favorite youtubers for like 2011 2014
know what the song is nice I know I love
I go for the Justin Bieber on here they
still so good Anthony from Smosh likes
electrode everybody a lot like I want to
touch it I want to wear it alright well
we had a lot of fun sorry it's so dark
right now but it was good coming back
here meeting everybody again meant a lot
more people this time and I actually
like know a lot more people this time
and I cannot wait to go to the actual
Awards Tuesday that are really cool
that'll be in the vlog antique alive
with mcjuggernuggets Jesse that's gonna
be a lot of fun what are you doing oh my
god what is going on guys we are back at
day 2 in California and I didn't do a
daily vlog yesterday because we just
were traveling a lot the first day and
we didn't really do anything besides go
to the YouTube event because always just
weird to film people whenever you're
talking to him so I prefer to not do
that but today we're going to Venice
Beach and how did that land on your arm
I don't know cuz you through it but yeah
we're gonna go there and we're gonna go
find the biggest guy on the yard we're
just gonna beat the crap out of him
Scooby so funny Quinton's our bodyguard
for today yeah and the best part is I am
properly dressed for the beach and we're
all wearing jean we need to swim in the
fountains before we leave here
they have a Springfree trampoline on
their roof but my mom drove past it cuz
she's a bully I didn't know all right
guys quick stop before we go to Venice
Beach we're going down Rodeo Drive
they have like deaf cattle and horse
here so it's gonna be pretty sweet look
like kind of back home kind of stuff um
yeah let's get out mom thank you whoo
Gucci that's the gayest word ever no
offense to gays out there
Tristan say no offense to gays I need
confirmation here what did you say thank
you very much guys I just missed a
solid-gold Lamborghini and I'm starting
to cry a little you can see the tear
right right there we're gonna go into a
store and act like we can buy stuff
she's almost naked that means this place
is cool another Lamborghini
that was an old one doesn't count
wouldn't buy it okay
you know what I think I want to
test-drive Lamborghinis with
mcjuggernuggets we're gonna do that I
gotta get an outfit for the Streamy
Awards cuz I still don't have anything
that looks good I gotta look nice for
once that'll be hard told you guys it
was Rodeo Drive
alright now we're actually gonna go to
Venice Beach shut off the music I'm
gonna get stroppy right hi mama let me
out
thank you I will watch them hit me
alright so last time I went to Venice
Beach I ended up going alone because my
family didn't want to get out of the car
so I walked in looked at the beach and
then I I left but this time we're all
going oh my god gotta get an Instagram
picture in front of this ah there's a
heart it matches my shirt this is your
moment Quentin this is what you've lived
for look the look that bar over there
has been because I just got on it
no I don't want to get sand in my shoes
these bars are like perfect wedges maybe
I'd actually go out and work out some
Sun ready wait I gotta fit in
give me my shirt please I'm intimidated
beautiful okay I'm not a gymnast as most
of you guys know but you're about to see
some real gymnast stuff I'll teach you
one day if you want to risk whatever you
got it is not impossible
I could be a stripper alright well this
place looks pretty disgusting sand is so
soft
alright well we have just found the
perfect castaway location right there
pretty small wall but I mean there's a
little mattress that probably has pee
stains on it but who cares Dan I might
just throw a cast away even if I land on
my knees okay I think I'm gonna do it
onto the nasty mattress I'm gonna take
my shoes off though because I always end
up hurting my feet somehow I got to turn
on a song now so I can actually do it
one more time I kind of suck horribly I
get no spin whenever I'm outside
whenever I'm in a gym I can land it no
matter what I need a higher law I do I
got to teach myself to do it low if I
ever want to be a part for God I almost
miss magic
you didn't expect I always try to go too
far back from all this anyway
screw it I'm not doing that again
wait got it got it already passed away I
think I'll try it back here we go
I did it every been like a month since
I've done it back landed it though that
hurts my butt so bad all right goodbye P
mattress I won't miss you but thanks for
the help on that castaway even though
I'm pretty sure it made it harder than
the sand was yeah this has been the
second half of the first two days I
guess I don't know yeah thank you guys
so much for watching so if we could
leave a like share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe he knew and I'll see
you guys the next one better leave a
like for that castaway attempt peace out
oh he's back you want to tell him what
you just did I kind of left my phone on
the ledge by the pee mattress but I got
it back thankfully no one took it so
either nobody saw it or there's still
faith in humanity probably no one saw it
unless you've ran and here yeah I was
winded after I got halfway I was like
God is that way maybe I maybe I should
go to Muscle Beach I but goodbye for
real now you're always funny
stop all right guys we're about to
FaceTime the winner of the trampoline
from my giveaway we randomly chose him
off Instagram and we think he's from the
US he posted a picture on his Instagram
with him in a US a t-shirt so we're
hoping it's him actually was a tank top
I'm a dirty liar anyway we're gonna face
Simon right now on someone else's phone
we have a connection
what's up Braden
hey dude are you good I just asked you
hey are you from the US okay well you
just won a full-size guy bet on
trampoline right
why would I what I need from you is to
DM me on Instagram your address so I can
send it to you and yeah all right great
I dude thank you so much for watching
the videos and say hi to the vlog hi
I'll see you later man what a sweetheart
I'm actually glad that random winner one
random winner won some dinner in I don't
know where I was going with that but uh
peace out
anyway alright so we just went across
the whole wax museum this video is going
to be on Jesse's Channel
okay mcjuggernuggets don't forget to
check out his videos get it be on this
channel but I'm going to be doing a
collab with him test driving Lamborghini
is tomorrow's lovey dovey up after this
one so we need to check about yeah
yes
