ready set go wow it's still kind of
foggy in here this morning whoa hey oh
my god it's just billowing out of there
still hard if that was my vapor
goodbye tights I'm gonna take you off
for the first time in two or three days
he's not getting them back probably what
is going on guys today we were back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day we have a record amount of
dishes in my room one to 69 240 and 420
Wow but it's okay because today I'm not
gonna be in my room I'm not gonna be at
the house we are finally racing today
Quinn and I his Corvette
what kind of Corvette does he have I
forget the ethics
I think it's c6 I forgot the kind of
Corvette he has but versus my outie r8
v10 plus 2014 I know his is a 2006 his
is a manual mine's an automatic I'll
probably just leave mine an automatic
unless he wants me to do it Emmanuel
will do a bunch of different runs but
it's gonna be sick we got the r8 verse
on if you guys want to cop any of it you
can still do it think it's sold out
all right Steph is selling out but we
have gift cards and we have a ton of
other stuff anyway bring it back it's
just Christmas good and the good
lighting
thank you very much sign we've got our
bag full of equipment we're gonna head
there try to get some drone shots and
GoPro angles and we're gonna race we're
going to the same place that my mom and
I raced her Camaro versus my Challenger
here's that video up here it wasn't as
intense as this one's going to be
promise your that believe that's been a
year that was a year ago yeah I barely
had a breakfast kind of had a lunch but
I am very famished right now I've been
editing all morning long trying to get
the music video up music videos are very
hard to edit your specially when you
don't know how I'm hoping to do that
within a week but we're gonna head out
right now we're going to the tracks not
really a track it's just like an
open-air strip it's actually for
airplanes and there's no cops let's go
see how it is
Luna Luna though yeah it's saying low
tire pressure hopefully is just because
it's cold outside we check the tires
they look fine we have to go down a
gravel road to get to this place that
kind of sucks where maybe the low tire
pressure will make me get low to the
ground and then I went high I got the
end of piece of the banana bread
stopping for gas for one second here
I'll take over the vlog I only filled up
like half a tank because I don't want
too much weight you know Clinton bought
water just to pour out on his tires so
he can do a Burnout we are about twenty
or thirty minutes away so I'm pretty
sure we should have plenty of sunlight
it's gonna be a pretty sunset for sure
that's a long dirt road mom I guess I
haven't watched you in a while so it's
alright but man we're gonna cruise at 10
miles an hour
I don't even think we needed to get the
code from him we might have just been
able to drive under this thing like for
real and I think my hate for Luna is
growing even more I'm gonna have to
train her guys there's paw prints all
over the front of my freakin are a no-no
if you're watching this you're in
trouble but we have made it to the drag
strip guys oh my gosh it looks amazing I
remember last time I was mad because I
had to drive my Challenger down that
dirt road now I treat my Challenger like
crap let's just drive around them for a
little bit ready mom
this is why I love you this is it on the
plug Mike Porten brought the car cleaner
yes the reason I brought this it's for
weight reduction true dust as it
accumulates it adds a total of three
ounces I'm gonna need those three ounces
okay let's go get everything set up
let's start and there goes one
tired of being what you want me to be
feeling so faithless lost under the
surface don't know what you expecting
hey let's freakin yo that was loud as
crap she sound like two airplanes we're
going at it
what's the plan for this run well this
time since oh you you kind of win easy
let me get a head start
Quattro system so I'm gonna be starting
at these cones and he's gonna start at
those but he's gonna start first and
whenever he gets to me I'm gonna go with
him there he goes alright I'll be
waiting I'm gonna do this vlogging with
one hand steering with the other and
we're still about to win it's a v10 plus
versus a v8 and I've got the Quattro
system says it right there okay you tell
me when to go he's gonna come up first
then old Florida I guess
yeah that was crazy what's up there's no
way that is happening dude that was
rhetorical
that happened I'm just an automatic like
I suck a manual if we both had manual
cars there might be a different ending
yeah it's you cuz you're so cute I think
I want to get the top speed reverse this
is what I like to call a horrible idea
I've never gone fast in Reverse like
this is this is gonna be a first write
backwards here we go oh my god it's so
bad
okay turns out forty miles an hour and
then your cars like quit that was fast
holy crap now I guess all that's left is
to just go in circles very fast
need new tires
so now that it's basically dark I just
happened to have brought about fifty
fireworks we're gonna set them up around
here Quentin's headlights will be the
lighting my car will be in the back and
we're gonna film another clip for the
music video we got to do everything we
can to make this video as sick as
possible the video is just mostly a goof
like it's just random and just funny in
my opinion but it also has a really good
beat and it has Kindles voice so it is
good I'm really excited for you guys to
hear are you still cold mom it feels
like the attic out here alright my hands
are actually icicles now we're done
filming we're gonna head home come on
front stay closed is she sick Lou now
you're supposed to be snuggling over
there last night
never mind stay put okay feel better
Luna keep her company call me if you
need anything I'll leave you alone good
night Luna now Quentin you turn on the
heaters I'll turn on the fog machine but
the fog machine doesn't make it heater
in here baby
we added a blanket right there so now
you can put the heater up on the table
and it shoots right in there and the
heat gets captured and it's actually
sleep a bowl but the temperature changes
overnight is so weird it's inconsistent
for sure are you vaping in my store
don't don't leave that in dance party
well guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching if Quentin would have had more
driving practice he would have won and
if I would have had two more V's in my
car
good can't see you the lights are cool
though yeah thank you so much watch this
video and don't leave like insurance
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys next
one I freakin love you Tang Clan na
mahal Ready Set No
we've got to fit the 10-minute algorithm
so here is about 12 seconds of dark and
my voice laughs a day away here's the
outro
you just maybe
