what's going on guys today this is the
earliest I've woken up all school year
well school year I hardly have school as
it is but it is 7 a.m. and that is very
early for me and we're going to be going
to my grandma's today I'm going there
for breakfast with my grandma and my
great-grandma so I haven't seen them in
a little while so that'll be fun and by
the time all that's done it'll be time
to pick up my couch so I will fill the
empty void in my room and then I think
we're also going to be surprising a fan
today I'm not sure and I'm pretty sure
we're going to be giving him a free
shirt like he's a family friend or
something like that I don't know I don't
know the kid but so I think that'll be
pretty fun if everything works out with
that yeah let's go
goodbye nuki yeah are you coming with me
yeah let's go
oh my gosh I've never been up early
enough for it to be frosty on my car
this is crazy
usually whenever I get in this it's like
mid-afternoon and it's really hot here
from the Sun
yes I'm listening to one direction there
right now like I don't know
okay well so we went by my grandma's
house where they usually have breakfast
and no one was there and the lights are
off inside my grandma's house so she
gone with Lee I got up early and threw
on the same outfit for nothing all right
turns out they're at my great-grandma's
they left at the same time we did so we
didn't catch them but we're here now
what we came here you were here oh look
Logan good morning yummy good night dr.
Yap see you later
every day YouTube hey you're saying it's
still early in the morning and my hair
is already dying all right my dad is
here and we are going to go pick up my
couch the long-awaited couch it's gonna
complete my room outfit of the day
yeah Yomi I'm helping I'm so excited I'm
gonna have a good couch there you go
nice well guys we finally got around to
getting the couch finally have something
good to sit on because my old couch was
honestly horrible and now I can just
lean back and sit here anyway yeah we're
gonna go surprise that kid in a little
bit but I just got around to bringing in
all the fan mail and oh my god there's
just so much like you guys don't know
how much fan mail there is I guess you
do now but then we have all these over
here and these are just from not that
long ago it's probably about a week and
a half work but they're still just so
much I'm just gonna have to find a day
or a weekend to sit down and read all of
it but I will do it eventually
don't worry yeah I'm just gonna sit here
and chill until my dad is ready to go
surprise the kid he's going to be taking
me over to his house or wherever we're
meeting him I'm not too sure all I know
is that his name is Mason and we're
giving him a free shirt because he's
been like a big supporter and apparently
his mom works with my stepmom or
something like that I'm not too sure but
right now I'm gonna head to my towns
parade thing they have going on for
homecoming or something thought I'd stop
by and say hi to some old friends from
school if I see any I don't know yeah
we'll go to that and the move go
surprise the kid
look who made it
well I just took the hottest selfie on
snapchat you wouldn't believe it yes i
yeah i did oh it's gonna be on instagram
all right let's go to the parade
hopefully it's not stupid probably will
be awesome that's what I wanted
thankfully my grandparents have a
parking spot because they own this like
little building and look at the address
that's awesome
hey mom where are you at at the parade
okay because we're grandma's office and
I'm gonna come find you because I'm
scared
oh my god Taylor's at the parade you did
yeah Conover oh that's sick all right
well we got the footage of Taylor so I'm
out of here goodbye love you so much
I'll see you later bye my dad is here
and now we are going to surprise the
fans hopefully everything goes to plan
that run all right we have word that the
parents kind of gave it away to the kid
or something like that so I mean it'll
be kind of a surprise and I'm still
going to use it in the title and
thumbnail of course because
yeah but hopefully it still goes good
I'm gonna have him record hopefully
you're a skilled videographer let's find
out
all right we are almost to his house
turn right at the destination is on your
right what's up dinner he wants the
microphone I know that quality oh my I
am so glad you are here awesome Gunnar I
don't want you to but I will watch you
your humor and okay I like your houses
Deckard isn't very cool thank you
I've got a new couch in my room not to
brag oh yeah you guys had to go pick
something up okay I'm mark by the way
I'm Jamie nice to meet you good thank
you for bringing a man we should have
kept it a secret he knew well because I
used it as leverage to clean up the
trampoline air in a boiler I would have
been really a bad guy go Dylan I'm like
hey we're going to this fans house
tonight he's like is his name Mason I
was like haha yeah you are a wild man I
mean I'm like starting to slow down now
so I can walk when I'm thirty bucks and
where you go and yeah it's all new to me
so I mean I know you have a camera and
you take it everywhere and course he's
been on the trampoline doing stuff but I
said you got like 30 pounds on him so
the agility isn't quite there when he
tries to do the back I don't know I have
a friend who's like he's a pretty big
guy he he spins so fast
you wanna go show him a little bit oh
what a monkey yeah yeah
like old chief old trampling for me war
is like a $200 one yeah I have one of
those in my dad's four years be my best
trick I can do on that it's only a
double front put this bad boy by the
pool you'd be doing quad fronts all day
show us a double front I haven't done
one in a couple weeks I believe in you
this is literally the trampoline I had
in seventh grade camera twins go seven
oh you're filming you probably oh nice
reminds and I did oh you got it yeah oh
sweet it I don't think I could land it
on this Tramp if you can help you with
that I haven't done it today yet so one
two three
the thing you ought to do you just got
to grab your legs and go straight back
you turn out at the end if you want to
land it you've just got to put your feet
out under you and tuck the whole way
through so throw them straight up and
just tuck after so that looks like I
believe in you oh yeah I'm good I'm good
I don't like the ground I think it's
about time you go pack my bags for the
deal
you better get yet i'ma started anything
I'm about to drive all the way over here
we've heard I'm out of bounds even
asking but I thought no no it's good I
like me everybody so well we appreciate
your comments no problem
all right well I'll see you later man
all right yeah thank you I'm gonna give
you a hug okay thank you
hey thank you so much dinner thank you
for coming out you ready hit it
take care thank you again proceed you
trip yeah you too guys all right well we
stayed there for a good 20 minutes more
like 40
I was really awesome max it is fun
oh boy thanks daddy
love you yeah love you too the last
thing is getting well I'm gonna eat my
McDonald's and drink my McDonald's and
then we're gonna go home me and Dylan
and Quentin are gonna sit on the new
couch I'm gonna enjoy my evening and all
right well I'll see you later love you
too
okay all right it's dark now but that is
pretty much after this video thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
leave a like share the friends if you
enjoyed it subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in the next one
hoodies friends to me yeah this is the
city peace out that's called
relationship goals
you
yes
