hello
do you want to come help me move my
waterbed over like two feet to the right
so finish your school
I need mussels twelve let's do it bye
man so if you're wondering why I'm
moving my waterbed that's not really a
waterbed there's a normal mattress on it
it's because my new couch comes tomorrow
that I talked about in yesterday's video
my room is still dirty but the couch is
like a recliner has like two different
sections in it I can recline and I'm
really excited for it and I've got to
make sure this is like all the way over
there so there's plenty of room for it
and then trust me guys I will put my
clothes away and clean my room
and I don't know where I want to put
this poster because that one is already
starting to fall off the ceiling I don't
want to risk it but while we wait for
Quentin hey mom this is how I sneak out
to go meet boys I'm straight okay so the
foam pit it's been rained on about three
times since we got it and whenever the
rain gets super heavy it like pushes
down on the middle and these bricks
actually start to tear and wear away at
the tarp so then water gets through and
all the foam gets wet and the foam is
like already nasty and wet so probably
won't be doing too many videos with the
foam anymore I only wanted to do a few
anyway I mean it was really fun whenever
we had it like dry and stuff but now
it's pretty much ruined and the pool is
just gross after all the trampoline
versus but we're about to close the pool
for the winter anyway even though it's
like not winter yet but yeah this tarp
is just going to crap already
I mean worst comes to worst we just put
the new foam in in the winter because we
have like a ton of foam up in my attic
that we put in there after I did the
prank on my mom and if you guys are
wondering yes the foam got a little bit
softer but I don't know it got wet and
we had to like set them all over there
so I haven't even been in it in a few
days and I don't really plan on it but
since flips is the only exercising I do
and I probably should stay a little bit
active so I don't become unhealthy even
though I literally eat junk food all day
and I'm probably like super obese on the
inside I'm gonna go do a couple flip
aru's right now in my front yard and
check it out I washed my car still even
a little bit dirty down there and that
kind of makes me sad but I washed it now
I'm probably not very good because I
haven't done any flips on the ground in
a really long time the only flips I've
been doing is end
bumpit anyway so I'm not very good but
I'll try to do a couple flips and we're
going to put on some sick music to get
me pumped up if you guys are wondering
why I have tiny legs I don't know either
probably just genetics cuz I flip on the
ground all the time I don't get it
this reminds me of watching old YouTube
videos of like spongebob sings whenever
he's saying final countdown
that's the stuff I used to watch and if
you guys have ever wondered if I warm up
I definitely don't I just do stuff and I
guess I'm lucky that I don't get hurt
probably I'm gonna jinx that but oh well
ow
I was a little bit too off axis there if
you couldn't tell I'm just not a flipper
anymore I'll do one standing front flip
and then whether I land it or not we're
going back inside and waiting for
Quentin inside where it's safe Oh almost
forgot
screw the haters the shirts coming off
ah one more try
prick yeah all right what's goin side
I'm here we're recording each other all
right I gotta move my stereo my desk
still but I got all the other crap off
and then we're gonna scoot it on over
you guys want to know what's in this
drawer I want to know
WWE action figure some condoms from the
condom challenge about 800 quarters and
some matches and my old Nintendo DS that
does not work as I jumped in a pool with
it I just push it and like you kind of
think of I push all you this is not yeah
okay
go one inch that was it now look cuz I
moved the top part elevation top her
boobs bites oh right
all right so we actually have to take
off the top part and then the bottom
part because we didn't know that but my
camera's low battery hold on
I'll just throw all my clothes on my
speaker and there we have it alright so
we're gonna pick up the mattress we as
an eye a piece of gum and then off and
my friend's underwear and a quarter this
was awesome we should do this more often
we need a third person that you think no
no here let me go
Tristan's getting his hair cut we're all
out of balloons but the helium tank
still has some helium in it yeah don't
try this at home
what the hell oh did you hear that no
yeah oh boy hahaha yeah it's kind of
scary I'm gonna wait till I find a
balloon to do it more okay my brother's
here to save the day and help us and he
also brought me a sonic slushy well we
have made some progress
turns out this comes in various pieces
and I'm stuck yeah he's not helping us
after all
all right so I made my bed for the first
time in I don't even know it's been
forever but my rooms getting cleaner
except for all that and all that and all
of this so I'm gonna clean all this up
and then I'll show you guys the final
product all right guys I'm back home and
I thought I'd give you guys a quick
overview of my clean room because it's
never like this and yeah let's get
started okay so first off this is still
my lighting because my light is still
broke randomly one day the light to my
fan just fell and broke right there yeah
still my custom controllers right there
just to make sure people know I play
video games sometimes got one tub of
Clorox bleach all the other ones are in
my closet my musically official plaque
right there then my perks up here that
one's a little bit higher than the rest
because I had to fill it because it used
to be lower than the rest and I kind of
got the calculations off but yeah then
we head over here and I have all my
camera stuff and just a bunch of extra
stuff that I never used like my extra
GoPro and then I have down here a ton of
electronic stuff and then my stereo that
I listen to sometimes my lenses beats I
never use and then the stuff to like
clean the lens of stuff cuz they get
dirty sometimes alright moving on my bed
it's actually made for once if you count
that as made I always just have a ton of
pillows because I like to stay comfy my
beds pressed up against the wall over
here so there's no room over there but
who cares now I have all this room from
a new couch because the new couch is
like a recliner got the plaque that I
made for myself whenever I had like 2000
subscribers when I made that for myself
in woodshop bunch of new shoes that I
bought got all these jackets and I got a
little hanger thing today from Walmart
and I need to screw that into the wall
later I'm probably gonna do that
tomorrow whenever I get my couch with my
dad that'll probably go just like right
up there yeah all my desk is the same
got a mirror because I'm full of myself
Guitar Hero just to make sure I still
have my seventh grade talents and then
the computer I added on I guess this is
like a mini room tour by the way bring
light for good lighting because I live
in a basement where it sucks and also I
put the new Kate Upton poster on the
back of my door look at how beautiful
she is and here's just a little charging
station for all my camera stuff cuz I
never know whenever I'm gonna need a
camera and stuff so I always just try to
have a battery charging for all times on
my cameras my fridge that isn't even
plugged in because it can't be any more
so it's basically just a nice stand then
I got my two Lamborghinis someday I'll
have a
I hope to random boats because I didn't
want it to look boring up there yeah
that is basically it and I guess I will
see you guys in tomorrow's video thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave like share the friends
if you enjoy to subscribe if you knew
and I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out what do you want you you
literally randomly appear throughout all
my videos recently get out
Oh
is
