your first time putting any rubber on
anything isn't good enough that's okay
it's good why would don't tie you the
rented puppet to get the healing
mountains hold it alright hold this one
this is yours so I want your uh I really
hope I die admission let me take you
snatch it real quick oh my gay do you
want to hit a lot AMA oh that's like
really calling your dote ha God get a
big a balloon and don't you really want
to die
it isn't what drugs like you have to get
more than that silly goose and I cook it
down take me back to middle school
winter or biggest oh hey well this is my
balloon nipple I feel like a minute.you
giggity giggity giggity giggity look at
that
is it my turn yet I'm not have roof
somebody I am tanner Fox welcome my bog
let me let me send it to him and you can
wear my sweatshirt that's a lot we'll
just share it ah I gotta do my just
normal talking voice shy do what's going
on guys what's going on guys Tanner
Brunk are here and today I'm gonna be
hitting puberty oh oh oh my god god that
hurt my inside
it's your friends the brand Guardian
some of them I know maybe when I'm gonna
be home when I gotta get a little
superhuman innovative and I'll go do any
more than this no go I took the Paris
again last night
this is how we spend our Sunday nights
mom said we can do one so we did eight I
wish I was beyond what are you gay all
right last one today no what's that one
boy those in this neighborhood be like
oh my god Heather oh my god guys Kevin's
in my house why don't you act like that
on your YouTube you'd have like 45
subscribers they're rusty tax they're
gonna get fun are you kidding me dude
take our living such shit I'm under a
blanket we're good
one more pop one more that was a stupid
idea Fred huh yeah so you don't watch me
though I mean like you don't goods fines
whatever I'll seal it but anyway what's
going on guys we got the posters here
for the giveaway I'm gonna be announcing
it within a week sadly the winner the
trampoline has to be in the u.s. because
we can't ship it across seas for some
reason I don't really know why but
that's what they said so that really
sucks but yeah you guys can still win
the poster or the stickers and stuff
we'll be you know sending back to people
that's in fan mail
speaking of sending fan mail grab my
keys real quick let me put a shirt on I
have tons more people complaining
nowadays there you go yeah so if you
guys can't tell I don't wear a shirt on
the house very much just because I'm a
guy you know why have a shirt there just
I'm annoying anyway let me open her up
this is all fan mail just got a freaking
ton I need to bring inside then we have
a ton more by my stairs and it's getting
to the point where I don't have time to
read all the letters which really sucks
because I mean I want to read all of
them but whenever I get bored and I have
free time I just
and read some and I think I'm gonna keep
doing the thing where I open the
packages off camera and then show the
best stuff at the end of videos just
like this so that the video isn't long
and drugged out because I know pa boxy
openings can get pretty boring yeah
we're gonna sit down in my mom's room
for a second here now there's just a
couple things I wanted to talk about to
you guys because I realized my videos
lately have just been a ton of like all
fun you know jumping around kind of
videos there hasn't been very much
vlogging in them I feel like and I get
that there's probably a lot of people
that don't even care for the vlogs they
just like want to see the flips and
stuff which you know it's whatever go
watch my old videos if you want to see a
lot of flips here's some right here yeah
I was going through my old videos on
YouTube the other day and I realize all
my old videos had so much of like me in
it and they had my family and they had a
ton of other stuff that I've been
lacking lately and that's just because
throughout the last two months I've
always been like okay what video is
gonna go viral what's gonna get the most
views and I mean keeping your views up
and stuff so important for youtubers I
guess you know it's all about the views
and everyone wants the most views but I
know there's like 100 or 200 thousand
just main core fans that will watch any
video that I post I love you guys
but videos just like this probably not
gonna get a million views but I feel
like these videos are actually important
to my channel because I watch people
like faze Jeff and like Roman Atwood and
PewDiePie you know although they try to
get viral videos with thumbnails and
stuff they also keep everyone updated on
the life and stuff like I used to but I
feel like I've just been lacking on that
lately and I've been trying too hard to
get the views and hi Tristan but it's
not like I haven't had fun in the videos
they get a lot of views like the 1
million subscriber special foampit video
I wanted that video to do good because I
just had a lot of fun filming it and
that's just something I wanted to do for
a long time so I was like expecting that
to get a lot of views and I knew it
would but the thing is I just don't want
all my videos to be like that where
there's just a ton of like us having fun
and all that but then you guys don't
know what's going on with me like I've
had a lot of you didn't know my brother
got a new car beautiful so is the trash
down there and I pay for it with my own
money
good job ah he just dropped his banana
oh yeah there's the fan mail I was
talking about by the way I said this in
the foampit video in my mom's room but
I'm gonna be in California I'm gonna be
there October 1st not August I said
August in my other video yeah I'll be
there with my friend Quentin he'll be
coming with us this time
sadly my brother's going yeah I still
don't know what we're doing there
besides going to the awards oh yeah I do
what the Frick I'm gonna be collabing
with mcjuggernuggets he's actually a
really big youtuber he's really cool
I've been watching him for a really long
time and I used to watch his like insane
dad videos I always thought those are
really funny so it'll be really
to meet him I think we're gonna go to
like a haunted house for his channel and
I don't know what I should do on mine so
leave a comment down below of what you
think I should do was Jesse I don't know
what I should do so I need your help
more updates my room is still horribly
dirty and there's a couch missing and I
got another Kate Upton poster I sort of
threw my clothes those real close I'm
going to keep those I'm getting rid of
but I forgot to put them back in my
drawer here's helium from the beginning
of this video but yeah my couch it's
gone I'm getting a new couch in two days
it's gonna be so nice like the couch I'm
getting is amazing i sat in it for like
20 minutes at the couch store I had my
friends help me pick it out and I just
loved it and I'm actually going to be
like way motivated to edit on it because
okay this chair sucks really bad and
I've always wanted like a dxracer or
something oh yeah move that but I've
never just wanted to spend the money for
that because I don't know how they
actually feel like I don't have any
friends with a dxracer chair so I've
just held off on doing that and I've
been editing in my bed propped up on
like pillows and stuff but the thing is
whenever I edit while I'm in bed I
always tend to get on my phone and then
just I just get sidetracked then it
takes me a lot longer yeah with this one
I'll have six kidnapped in posters I
think there's still four more to come I
think in the middle as you can tell I
don't have any room on my walls so
they're gonna have to go on my ceiling
again just like that 100k plaque if I
ever get it will go right here I think I
already said that in a video a long time
ago and probably in like two years
whenever I get my 1 million subscriber
plaque I'll take this off and I'll put
it there and put that somewhere else oh
yeah also I'm going to try to go back to
doing daily videos so you guys have
something new enjoy as frequently as
possible because pewdiepie can do it I
can do it yeah that is basically it for
this video but yeah guys that is
basically it for this video hope you
guys enjoyed don't forget to leave like
share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
you
yes
