hey mom you know how we're sleeping in
the phone pit tonight yeah I felt bad I
didn't want to leave you out so I mean
there you go you're welcome
Dylan's here and Quentin is on his way
hey that was dang that means it's
supposed to rain at 8:00 in the morning
but we're gonna sleep here and heart out
really please a frog just winded oh
there he is there a serious gam get it
before you don't let them go on the pit
that'll suck get em boy hey you idiot
you're get exposed I'm gonna go make
sure he's all right Oh yep he's chillin
like a villain what am I gonna do tell
it to do hopefully not throw any more
frogs
what's your planning to do do a trouble
front flip I might cry and look at my
eyes
all right hey hey it's okay to suck in
flips Wow literally feels like a brick
take it up take it up yeah Taylor I need
a ride home oh my god you're so close to
hitting that wood
hey Taylor
me and you here tonight a strict
personal news a YouTube won't like this
I will hey that was faster I hate you
see my fastest triple breath whatever
they call me sanic go oh you didn't read
you the net you know I like those I
swear every time you do that I feel like
you're gonna land right there
alright Dylan had to go home real quick
because his mom wanted him home for like
five minutes and he's gonna come back
rip in peace dill Mitch Mill indicial
will come back but what's going on guys
it is scarce here Gibby fat that's from
this picture
do your best scarce impersonation hey
what's up guys it's scarce here I'm
getting scarce is actually a cool guy
now the next clip I'll be over here
you're not gonna know what happened I'm
not really a game play youtuber but I
can be when I need to be will it beat
out you know I'm looking at the screen
and this angle makes me look really fat
alright it is 9 o'clock right now we are
bringing all the stuff out to the phone
pit we got this light and we're gonna
hook it up to the cinching court so
hopefully we can have some good lighting
over there because it is very dark let
the games begin
yeah I mean we're not gonna leave the
foam pit exposed all night like we don't
want a ton of bugs or even do from the
morning getting into it cuz it can ruin
it so what we're gonna do is we're gonna
put the tarp over it and then we're
gonna sleep on top of the tarp but of
course I'm gonna get a thumbnail inside
of the foam pit so this gets some views
I plug it in put it wait
dude that's awesome lighting oh yeah oh
yeah oh you quitting sorry about your
shoes no what no
got him look at that that's so sick
show us something doing wow what a cool
flip never won hey catch this ah
judgment-seat quad back ah that actually
hurt let me see where did I come from go
on the trampoline let's try to high-five
midair alright you look like a dead body
you just oh that hurt guys this foam pit
is more of like a concrete wasteland one
oh I got it Dillons first attempt at a
gainer hey you actually did it I thought
he's gonna eat the woman I'm not talking
about the wood on the side we should
have a thing where we jump off the
trampoline then on the pad and then foot
off the pad oh I did with two pads nails
bouncy
ah
oh I think think you're gonna triple
frikar knight in shining armor
hold up a longer
I just died I lost I was I couldn't even
control wreck that hurt Oh God even Nora
was on hymnals was that too
it rained last night thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you do and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace three we're
going to the P side three two one go
yes
