what's going on guys today actually this
morning I woke up and I went outside to
my garage and I realized we still have a
ton of foam left from the foam pit video
if you guys haven't seen the foampit
video go check it out I thought that
video turned out really good so you guys
should go watch it but yeah we just have
like a ton of extra foam from the foam
pit so I figured hey why not fill my
mom's room with it and film her reaction
when she gets home from work she'll be
home in about 4 hours so I had plenty of
time to do it I'll have to go outside
cut open all the packages and put them
in her room probably will take a while
but I need to do as many videos with the
foam as I can because I spend a couple
monies on it so and then we might do a
video where we stay the night in the
foam pit like we just mess around so
yeah leave a like on this video and
comment down below if you guys want to
see that and I guess we'll get started
ok so we probably have about half of the
foam from the foam pit left and my mom
texts me this morning she's like hey we
need to do something with that foam
we're probably gonna get rid of it I was
like you know what we're running out of
time we should probably do this I've had
tons of you guys asked for pranks on my
family but all my family watches my
videos so I can't be like oh yeah I'll
do that we're in my mom's room right now
there's just it's a big mess sorry mom
you don't want me to show this to people
but yeah we'll just freakin start piling
foam and filling up the gaps hopefully
just make it look like it's just a room
full I don't think my mom is a part of
putting all the balloons in my room
whenever I was gone she couldn't have
been she was with me so I guess I should
probably do this on my brother or sister
but ah also guys I'm gonna be in
California
August 1st through some time I'm gonna
be there for the Streamy Awards and I'm
bringing Quentin with me and I think my
family is coming too so I don't know
what I will be doing in California
besides the awards
I'm not nominated for anything I just
want to go Cameron Dallas hooked me up
with the ticket so hope to see some of
you guys there all right let's do it
garage my mom's room this is gonna take
forever good thing I have four hours
bring okay all of this is literally just
one of those packages and we have like
eight of them oh gosh is gonna take
forever
sorry mom this is some Roman Atwood type
of stuff okay so slight problem I just
realized all the phone blocks were
wrapped up in my garage and my mom's in
her car she's gonna want to park it in
the garage when she gets home I don't
know if she's going to realize that all
of them are gone or not I'll say that I
brought them to my dad's house or
something
and yes I'm shirtless it's freaking hard
work okay we're getting closer got to
fill up the bathroom I think we have
enough in the bathroom I'm gonna go
ahead and start filling out the actual
bedroom because we don't have very much
in here three hours till my mom gets
home now okay we're gonna call my mom
real quick and I'm gonna tell her she's
gonna be a part of the skit when she
gets home oh hey will you be a part of a
skit whenever you get home sure what
about you'll find out chunk God do you
know my acting skills son right I know
okay I'll do what I go okay cool
all right what's keep going
Wow okay guys that actually just got a
new idea I'm gonna call my dad first and
get him in on it yeah hey okay um I'm
pulling a prank on mom where I'm putting
the extra foam from the foam pit in her
room and I'm gonna record her reaction
when she gets home
so that she doesn't know whenever she
comes home like the foams out of the
garage I'm gonna tell her we brought it
to your garage and that you were all
right with it and stuff okay so yeah
there's nothing K now that my dad's in
it I'll call my mom okay um dad's coming
over right now we're moving the foam
from the garage into his garage so that
uh yeah so that's taken care of check
the foam in there I just did I was like
can we store it on the right if we like
stack it up on the side he was okay with
it awesome good job Thanks hey Hosking
after a while okay I didn't know if she
was gonna buy that but we're in the
clear now I think so I'm gonna open up
these last cases initiate final
time-lapse mode
brick
alright the lighting is bad because of
all the foam in the way of the window so
here we have the last bit of foam I was
somewhat expecting it to be even more
filled but I'm glad it's not because I'm
gonna have to pick it up probably okay
there we have it guys
the complete foam pit now we play the
waiting game alright my friend Dylan's
here see what he thinks about it come on
come on did the bathrooms fill - it took
me forever is your mother know about
this no she's gonna when she gets home
in an hour I have to set up the GoPro in
the vlog camera so I don't know where to
set him but it's gonna be funny okay
we've got the GoPro set up in the
bathroom
big cam right there it's obvious but you
know she'll be surprised right away and
obviously I'll be recording my mom
should be home any minute and I'm gonna
creeply look out my window until she's
here okay I just heard the garage doors
I mean she's home right here coming up
the steps I'm gonna be act like a Mogan
be a guys we have a ton of fan mail
we're probably gonna do APO box opening
in the foam pit or something like that
just cuz I needed to do a foam pit
videos as much as I can
welcome home huh I try not repeating
video that's fine
well you sitting there waving a little
bit I was like you want to be in the
video okay my mom just went outside like
she's just freaking derping around the
house she won't go in a room I don't
know why I had to Heather cameras
filming here for like 20 minutes now I
can't be like hey go to your room I'm
just gonna keep waiting hopefully she
goes in there she's watering her freakin
plan
well welcome back we were about to go on
the frigate tramp what's with all the
black plastic trash in the trash can
again yeah we brought him to Dad's but
we threw them all in there yeah will you
put the foam blocks in there and we put
it back in the trash because whenever we
left him in there they were not soft at
all today no argue with me I'm the
freaking phone master they should be
protected and they should be sitting on
pallets
they're in the garage anyway nothing's
gonna get in hey Kim
you have any ibuprofen in your bathroom
I'm not about to go on a scavenger hunt
mom I literally just felt ready actually
show me for next time oh my god what she
said wonder thank you know how long we
waited for you to freaking open your
door that we this woman just hangs out
before she go in the room after work she
just chills and about the whole bathroom
is full too hey I go to the bathroom
check it out
climb over right now go to the bathroom
I don't hey I spent two hours getting
all these out of a headache anymore just
saying look got to be a trampoline or so
you can just walk right over him I love
what you said you took her to your dad
you yes I know I called that and I was
like like we're gonna bring her mom I'm
gonna tell her we left the foam at your
shop and he's like Kay oh my god
and I am literally in the backyard
thinking no I'm so proud of him for
taking care of those blocks today and I
did not ask you doing hey get to the
bathroom hey this this is revenge for
the balloons in my room that you weren't
a part of I can't
oh my god you like it look at your
shower I even I even put some in there
just for you oh well let me guess you
videotaped how messy my room why whereas
you were doing this time-lapse the whole
thing of course I'm gonna take a bath we
video me taking a bath okay guys well
that is basically it for this video
we got her is kind of funny a bit of a
different video but if you guys liked it
leave a like comment down below you know
what we should do next I don't now
frickin do it again I don't care I'll be
double the phone gonna do it to your dad
okay but yeah yeah so much for watching
don't forget leave a like share the
friend if you enjoyed subscribe if you
knew and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace out
quinton you ready no yeah we have to
throw the foam up there mom one it's
just something cool and we had to put
all the rest in the Attic because that
filled up really quickly and let me show
you and it goes all the way back and
that's a long ways back Rick yeah yeah
there's a couple cubes up in there
goodbye
if
