all right real quick for this video get
started I need to say a couple things
because of the video I made last night
and because of all your guys support and
using the hashtags and Twitter YouTube
and Twitter and everything you guys did
and thank you to Cameron Dallas and a
couple other people I was able to get my
YouTube
Ramanna ties again and it just means so
much it's just such a big way off of our
shoulders and yeah maybe now have money
to go do some cool stuff for some videos
so stick till the end the giveaways at
the end and I hope you guys enjoy the
video see you guys later the light in my
room broke it literally just fell off
and shattered on my couch just randomly
now I have to use this for lighting
makes the bleach look cool even though I
said I would make this happen a long
time ago it just so happens that it
lands around 1 million subscribers so I
guess this is my 1 million subscriber
special but my mom just woke me up and
told me the foam for the foam pit should
be here in about 10 minutes
I mean Quentin cleaned out the leaves to
the foam bit like the muddy nasty leaves
on the bottom last night here's a clip
of that okay guys so we have our first 2
or 3 sacks full of well here oh my god
yes I wonder how many dead frogs are in
that 7 then we got to take out the wood
and lay down the tarp and then we'll put
the foam on top so but yeah let's go ok
it should be here Quentin's on his way
over again to help hello so it's black
or is it like black tape yeah we don't
know anything about it like the colour
or anything like that
hopefully it's soft because most foam
pits actually have a trampoline under
them so it like bounces you know and has
more like crumple zone there's Quentin
there's Quinn ice bucket filling yeah
you're ready to catch the top block
got it hey guys we got like five or six
you might want to move it along
my little foam pads that I've had for a
really long time I left one of them out
in the rain for the first time in three
years and it got ruined so this is its
replacement look it out bright it is
that's gonna be really good foot base we
got to be gentle we don't want to break
all right fellas here's all of the foam
all right so my dad is on his way over
to help us get these boards out of here
I got to go get my friend Jake right now
one of my other friends might be coming
as well along with Dylan Cohen yeah so
I'm gonna go pick him up I don't think
I'm gonna get the process of us getting
this out yeah I will see you guys a
little bit all right so we've gotten the
diagonal ones out and we still have to
take out the bottom ones Jake we're
shears is here yeah we have to take off
the net of the Skybound one so we can do
tricks there and then we will bring over
the rectangle one of course yeah
hopefully we can do some cool tricks
it's pretty skinny but we've done tricks
off the circle ones on to the actual
trampoline whenever it was in ground so
it's not impossible it's just probably
gonna be scary and hello dad nothing
just saw them in half this is such hard
work you guys better leave like all
right we have the round trampoline done
got all that off now we just have to
bring that one over here and get the
last boards off these mattresses will go
on the bottom of the foam pit to try to
make it softer
we have Collin Jake and Jake here
they're gonna be performing some stunts
for us since they're better than me
I'll look into
all right so we're going to put these
two on the bottom to make sure no water
gets in and all that and then we have
this one over here to cover it whenever
it rains and such and we'll probably
have to take out all the phone blocks on
the winter just because you know all
right let's get the mattresses all right
now we start bringing out all the phone
that's in my garage we're there this is
fan mail opening with a squad
someone said minecraft blocks like dump
a man he just puts holes in it
oh there's a second layer oh my gosh
that's done
please look at how hard this is oh my
god literally Rock I'll be the first to
land a backflip on Wow I don't never
jump in you can test it out mom that's
gonna hurt backless guys hold my nose
it's a foam pit not a foam pool you're
literally standing straight up he's
gonna hurt oh my god hey don't go one at
a time now yeah screw trampoline parks
with their rules and such it's so bad
don't respond here it goes Wow
Oh crack baby he's going at it that's
his navel okay you're good how sick all
right by laying down the original foam
pads it makes it a lot softer and you
can stand easier even though it was
already easy to stand on because this
foam is frickin hard as a rock so I will
triple front now what
it doesn't hurt too bad by armed the hit
the actual foam really hurt though
okay we've got the rectangle trap here
now thumbnail take one thumbnail take
two there we go
Oh
left
all right well it's looking like it
might rain so we're gonna hurry up get
some drone clips and then we'll have to
call it a day and I know we didn't do
that many great tricks today because
this foam is just hard as rock lovely it
looses up over time so we can actually
do some cool stuff I would really want
to do a quad front let's get this birdie
in the air hey show us your cheerleading
skills because I lack in those and maybe
some cheerleaders are watching this
ah
right
and scene all right we are out here they
too with the foampit I have a chronic
headache right now so holy Frick you did
it dude that was almost front full in
Rudi out oh there we go
manchild you untuck so early I might try
one triple to my feet my head still
hurts horribly but why not you know Oh
Frick Dylan's gonna go for a backflip
off the Tramp
oh you I thought I went back in the
weather oh my god why can't you're not
doing a double back I'm not letting you
go guys we've attempted to make this
softer it makes it look really ugly but
I mean maybe it'll work it's just these
pillows are way softer than the foam
because the foam is really hard still
yeah maybe it'll do something I don't
know blending on those feels really nice
because I've had them for like three or
four years so whatever let's do a couple
flip aru's into it for your female
viewers again haha is it rolling let's
get one that actually was a lot fuckin
good stuff right here where I ran into
the concrete
oh I mean foam I was a little bit to the
left
triple front with one tucked under and
one tucked over please yeah I did it
I couldn't even though oh my god my left
arm almost slipped
I think I'm going to try quad front into
the pit it's still really hard but I
think I can make it and if I just jump
high and hold think I can make it over
my head so I've never done it on tramp
before I've done it into my pool and
stuff and I've done it in a foam pit
before just not a sketchy foam pit like
this I'll do one more warm-up dribble
from
that was the scariest second and a half
of my life now I can sleep at night that
was for myself in ninth grade because
I've always wanted to do that but that's
also all the people they're like you
never flipped after 100k you never made
flipping at it
cuz I have different interests and
different things but I've still got it
my headaches gone that's good
hi well that is basically it for this
video but before I go I have to announce
the giveaway for 1 million subscribers
ok so back when I had about 5000
subscribers a company named Skybound
reached out to me and they sent me the
trampoline over there hold on that one
and it like meant the world to me cuz I
still was like super in love with
trampoline and stuff whenever they sent
that to me and it just they had a lot of
faith in me and sent me this like $800
trampoline and I've never one of my
channel to sound like a commercial or
anything like that but but we were doing
this for you guys so they're actually
going to be giving away one of the same
trampolines full-size Stratus trampoline
with the full net and enclosure and
everything and yeah that's the grand
prize for the giveaway we're also going
to be giving away one Skybound
t-shirt I also about 10 Kate Upton
posters like the first one I had with
her like with the popsicle and I'll sign
all 10 of those I'll probably sign them
on the back so you guys can enjoy the
front but I'll be giving away 10 of
those and for everyone that sends me fan
mail from here on out I will be sending
you guys the brogard decals back they're
stickers that I got in the video and
I'll be sending those back until I run
out and one last thing there's going to
be links in the description of this
video you guys can get discounts on
trampoline parts from Skybound
this Enda like all different kinds of
trampolines and there's also going to be
an amazon link where you guys can buy
that trampoline over there the full size
want to show it earlier sadly there's no
discounts on that one so I apologize for
that I'm not cool enough yet yeah all
that will be in the description and I
just realized I forgot probably the most
important thing listen carefully to
enter the giveaway all you have to do
follow me on Instagram follow me on
Twitter subscribe to my youtube screen
shout those and post them on Instagram
post them under the hashtag Tanner
giveaway I'll be looking through to find
the winner make sure you don't delete
your post so I can actually like to see
that you posted it I will be contacting
the winners through DM so make sure you
check your DMS and yeah fake you guys so
much for watching don't forget leave a
like share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to you and I'll see you guys
the next one peace out
you
