what's going on guys today we are going
to be playing black ops 3 and today
we're going to be going over my goals
for 2016 and those goals include 3,000
subscribers on YouTube by the in 2016 I
know since I love doing YouTube videos
everything like that I think I can get
3000 subscribers one away yeah
hey Tanner lucky at 70 K oh yeah alright
guys I just realized I never really said
thank you for big subscriber milestones
on YouTube
I always just put it in the description
of my videos just because the numbers
went up really fast and I never even
realized that I didn't say it in the
video so I mean this is gonna be less
touching edit but here you go
we turn on that light one more cool well
guys we're almost there and I shouldn't
stay up so late last night because now
I'm really tired for it but we have 83
to go that right 85 okay I'm sorry but I
was just my online school brain and you
know so okay how do you feel about the
current situation I am overly excited oh
gosh please go back to you Rick I didn't
need that mom I was just I was gonna
have her say nothing and it'd be the
joke I don't want to move the camera
because I like just gotta set up
perfectly but yeah I'm doing here with
my mom and my sister hi hello I think I
should quit recording - on like 980 what
did you get this big surge and miss it
what if I die don't know I can make a
whole video of things you do while
waiting for a million subscribers but
it's a little bit too late for that so
yeah oh yeah by the way guys I ordered
eight new Kate Upton posters and I think
I already said this in a video but three
of them came in today and I will show
you them right now so one number two in
my personal favorite number three I
don't yeah you do fifteen to go 16 to go
moment of truth guys I hope he stops
like right on a million so I can have a
good thumbnail
what the Frick it was like three to go
for a second there
for me
ah bye Taylor
love you uh yeah thank you so much
mother well there we have it guys try
not to get all the Kate's in here
alright guys well we just hit 1 million
subscribers and I'm honestly just like
blown away because my goal for the year
was three thousand subscribers at the
beginning like I didn't know if people
would like my videos and through all the
hours of editing and all the support
from you guys we've done it literally
hit 10k four months ago which is just
insane I swear there has to be some kind
of record or something but it's just
crazy to know that a 16 year old kid
just like a normal kid I guess kinda
normal just the fact that so many people
watch and enjoy my videos and I've said
thank you like a million times so I
really don't know what other way to
thank you guys besides doing a giveaway
so I'm going to be announcing that in my
next video it's going to be my foam pit
video that'll be the million subscribers
special video but yeah after years of
watching youtubers it's so weird to
think that it actually happened in all
the nice comments all the nice tweets
everything like that just means so much
to me so I just need to say thank you
guys so much for that I just remember at
the beginning of the year dreaming to be
at a place where I am right now yeah
guys I really don't know what else to
say I'm like starstruck right now but
let's not stop here let's go for two
million three million I'll keep making
the videos hopefully you guys keep
watching and I just freaking love you
guys so much and this is just a short
little video but millions subscribers
special out soon the giveaway will be
announced in that and yeah thank you
guys so much thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe you new
and I'll see you guys in the next one do
it with me this time
peace out how about you guys just
covered your phone that'd be funny
alright peace
