what's going on guys today I'm still
sick and it's really annoying and I'm
just trying to make videos as frequently
as possible being sick doesn't really
help it but I don't really have to do
online school that much anymore like I
switch to a different program that all
the mad con guys are in so well the ones
that are in school but yeah it's like a
lot easier so I can make more YouTube
videos and I put it on Instagram to go
tweet me questions for a QA because I
have another Q&A in a really long time
and I feel like I should do one like
once every month or so yeah but first
time I show you guys some fan mail from
the last like bunch I got I don't really
know the name of this one his Instagram
and snapchat just a bunch of random
letters but he got me the super 6 shirt
1 million with two emojis that aren't
real emojis one of them is dabbing yeah
I haven't had 1 million yet but it's
coming up soon and I can't freaking wait
so crazy oh yeah thank you to the guy
with all the random letters in his name
this next one's from Connor it looks
cooler with like all the lights off but
I don't wanna go shut my curtains saying
is just so beautiful so thank you so
much Connor and last but not least
sticky sticker jenna tanner parenthesis
flip daddy Braungart
tanner congratulations on your success
with youtube you have become a big
influencer and very inspirational to
your subscribers with that in mind we
wanted to supply you with decals or
decals I'm not sure that you can use to
sell or give away to your subscribers
however you choose and what they sent me
is they sent me like a hundred of these
and they're just multicolored brogard
Supply Co stickers they're pretty big so
sick and I guess I'm gonna say a little
bit about the giveaway for 1 million
subscribers also I'll tell you that
there's going to be different winners
for different prizes there's going to be
like a bunch of different ones these are
the least cool of the prizes if you were
wondering even though they're pretty
cool still and yeah one more thing I got
to show you before we start the Q&A
check it out guys the fan art wall is
almost complete just got to fill in the
gaps over there and over here but for
the most part it is pretty much complete
oh yes oh yeah guys keep sending me fan
art send me little stuff so I can put in
between these cracks you're like as big
as my hand and if you guys send me big
ones like this I'm gonna start putting
them over here on this door until I fill
up this so yeah queue at any time okay
so as I already said I did this QA from
Twitter not Instagram if I do kione's
from now on they're gonna be from
Twitter not Instagram so if you'd like
to participate in that go ahead and
follow me on twitter at brown Garth
Tanner 1t because they can only be 15
characters in Tanner Parker was 16
alright first one's from Charlotte
barley in 10 years time where do you see
yourself heart love you love you too and
I really don't know the one thing I want
to keep doing for sure is YouTube since
that's where I started I don't think I'm
ever gonna leave YouTube I don't know if
I could ever be an actor or anything
I don't know I just kind of want to just
keep doing YouTube keep meeting new
people and just become a big
social-media influencer I guess Alexis
Blair do you like Tristan or Taylor more
ah come on you can't make me choose
Taylor I'm kidding I don't know Nick
flips if you had to get rid of something
what would you get rid of trampolines
all of them your YouTube or your pool
which one hmm
I don't even swim that much because once
you get a pool in your backyard you just
don't really use it that much and the
pools not open all year long so I guess
the pool hannahrowland lunch this is a
Tanner burger not ten or
this one's from Louis when do you get
your braces off and how long have you
had them not soon enough and too long
I'm just kidding but I don't really know
because they always tell me like oh yeah
you're gonna get them off real soon
everytime I come in and then it never
happens plus my braces broke see that
right there I can't really wear my
rubber bands like I'm supposed to be
doing and every time I go in there like
have you been wearing them and I'm like
yeah Abby's way they do you wish to have
some of the magcon groupie or house
someday of course I would that be
actually really awesome just make videos
with them would be a lot of fun
Ryan Malloy have you ever pulled your
dick out for Harambee I mean yeah like
Ryan asks would you wife Kate Upton um
I'm pretty sure she's actually married
or something close to that
um I'd marry her 20 year-old self if
that's what you're asking
Riley Gibson why don't you flip very
much anymore I still flip a lot even if
it's not in a YouTube video cuz I've
just always done flips and I don't feel
very much on the trampoline anymore just
because I've already gone over this like
a million times I'm pretty sure I just
don't have a lot of my air awareness
anymore so I just don't want to kill
myself I pretty much just tuck and hold
and that's why I used to do trampoline
diving a lot just because I was like way
less scared of that cuz if I messed up I
wouldn't get hurt permanently which I
actually could have but anyway oh no I
still do like backflips on the ground
all the time and whenever I want to I do
but I don't like force it upon myself to
make a video about flips I have other
interests as well it's not like flipping
the only thing I do I think I just spit
a little but yeah I also saw a lot of
people asking am i part of madcon like
officially a part of Matt : I only did
one show with them and they don't have
another show to like January I'm pretty
sure I could be in that if I wanted to
but I'm not sure and I already said this
into my teaching Cameron dalas a
backflip video like a lot of people hate
it on the whole magcon thing so I don't
know if I would like join or not it's a
lot of fun hanging out with them so
being another special guest I'd probably
do that just how like rice gum hung out
with like a man
cerny and did q and a's with all them so
if I was like asked to go hang out with
them and meet all those guys I would
definitely do it and a lot of people are
like oh my god if you leave your
backyard Fame changed you know I just
don't want to do the same type of videos
forever it just gets old for me and I'm
pretty sure it gets old for you guys too
it's just annoying when he's like this
guy doesn't even flip anymore Fame got
to his head well that just has nothing
to do with it doesn't really make any
sense but yeah I just plan to keep
making random YouTube videos have a fun
meeting new people and doing just you
know travel around climbing with people
like I said I hardly do online school so
I have a lot of free time so so I guess
you guys should go tweet me who you
think I should collide with next I don't
really have very many followers on
Twitter so you guys please help me out
your man I don't know hopefully after
the million subscriber video and all
that stuff I can get all the bank's
stuff figured out like the hacker
situation still that's not figured out
Google you suck it's just been a big ol
mess and my managers been on vacation
yeah it's just been a bit of a shorter
video I just wanted to make a quick Q&A
and answer some of you guys's questions
and I'm still sick so I can't really
like go out and do something crazy
hopefully it goes away soon but yeah
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to like share the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out
you
life
