okay so I sound horrible because I'm
sick just got back from Matt con I went
down to my room and I saw this all these
fan art things oh my gosh ads my
favorite right there nice and then I
opened my door oh my gosh
thank you thank you for this and thank
you to my aunt Christy my sister Taylor
and my cousin Lily at least say hi it's
how dirty my room is so that's kind of
you can't even see the burnt carpet
let's bring it kid with latex allergies
in here yeah I don't really know what to
do with all this I kind of like it
actually I might just leave it yeah and
guys we're getting so close to a million
subscribers there's going to be a
giveaway for 1 million subscribers and
I'm not gonna tell you what I'm giving
away but it's gonna be cool and yeah I
will you hug more until it pops I don't
want to do it do it I don't want to do
it nice okay goodnight hi guys I'm sorry
to break it to you but Dade the fish has
passed it was a good two days with him I
guess someone set him on my porch at
midnight I found out so yeah and he sat
in a bag for a while so moral the story
don't leave fish on our doorstep this is
my first time in a while having a use
for my fisheye lens all right are you
ready Oh where's the other knives at um
I don't know all scissors here you go
Quincy
throw one over oh I'm in the night oh
yeah
guys look out easy they pop I'm going to
spin in a circle and I'm going to try to
stab it in a barrel Jack please let's
just go and the last one you liar you
throw it to me and I said to you alright
we only have one chance okay go
oh gosh let me show in the room there's
so many balloon pieces
I think we should leave it like this oh
yeah it brings a the colors into the
room clickbait brick let's clean it up
haha here we have the final product of
picking them all up that was such a fun
15 minutes hard day's work in the office
I set my camera on my door oh well
what's going on guys right now we are
headed to Walmart we're gonna go pick up
a ton of uh what what I'm young again
we're gonna go pick up a ton of whipped
cream and we're just gonna like throw it
all over the trampoline figured we drag
out this trend a little bit longer even
though it's probably dead but oh well
there's a lot of fun can we go to sleep
no let's do this
all right we are at Walmart and we got
kicked out last time for recording
settle down are you leave what now you
cause trouble in every department you
cannot have that in here I can't let
camera yeah what you cannot you can't
take pictures in bummer
that's it I'm see really a sign that
says everything uh what if it's an idea
is not a picture you can't that's
definitely against the rules any better
have that that's all you know it's gonna
get them fairly a bad yelp review
just recording me shopping for a video
just like this and they kicked me out
and said you're not allowed to film here
and I said where's the sign it's not
illegal it's a public place
I can blur out your face if you'd like
yeah they kicked us out got really
pissed so I'm gonna record again we have
word that the manager is not here so I
can actually record that's pretty cool
ooh
fill er up please you got it
teamwork all right we got all 20 cans
those are great value got a good 20
cents off of each of those so that's
pretty good yeah let's go throw these on
my trampoline it's not very hot outside
today but it's hot enough to make this
disgusting so guys I know what you're
thinking we should probably have a girl
for this video to be in it to make it
like better but uh you're just gonna see
three boys shirtless jumping into it
instead we thank you guys we did it we
were in Walmart for five minutes and
then get kicked out
Oh guys that's what you
you
no your female viewers would love bro do
you work out all right we've got all the
whipped cream out here we don't have an
actual ladder so we're gonna have to put
this ladder on top of the glass table
and then climb up to jump off all right
let's do this okay we might need to
purse or there we go
I'm a scientist okay I'll stand on the
top both of you hold it down hey it
worked all right well we might be able
to jump like one time from here it's
really sketchy if you jump all that wood
bounced up and hit you I got to get down
so we can pour it oh that killed my foot
dude it's gonna be so cold dude there's
still like sugar residue from the last
one this trampoline is gonna get ruined
okay so all the way down and they will
douse me and all it's so cold
this whipped cream I'll have a sip this
is so good do this oh my gosh where's
the chariot when we need it
it feels like cheese wet food in masa
melts it smells like cheese and there we
go it's so cold I wish it was hot out
the next spider-man attack you it's gold
with hurry shake them up and get ready
to rumble let's take bringing on the
varsity stop moving
I'm sorry doing the puzzle for you no
straight I broke the tip off let's go
for this okay oh she won't do Don you
were moving and now it's everywhere over
hey you got a little on your stomach
we're almost equal
these are running out faster than I
thought we'll go buy some more you stay
here
hey watch out are the boys three more
you want to give me four of them hey no
that's filling that little gap we owe it
looks like ice cream it basically is but
this is slippery er than butter done to
a belly flop around ready Oh God oh I'm
so hard to breathe oh you're hurt no it
doesn't hurt nobody let me wait why
would it hurt hey come here come here
remember Oh chair believers butter we
said this is like a gay porno well this
time in a bit this is oh it's melting ha
ha ha three-way - come on
holder hey Dan huh - Bongo OH - my nose
oh god dude why'd the birds poop on this
so much you don't even know if I can do
a backflip on this wow I look good today
181 I said in helping out it made it
worse dude my eyesight is like it looks
like right yeah it's like a white it's
like blurred you can't see I feel like I
need glasses right now I feel like I
need to wash my hair it's like it's
foggy outside
I bet back to my baseball ears side
Indian turn so good let's do it and okay
you know what I'm gonna break my neck
you want your skin to feel smooth as a
goose put some whipped cream on is this
a new style
dude this is actually good hair gel you
staying up perfectly fun hey let's act
like we're in a rap video huh yeah yeah
what's up gang gang gang half-price gum
white backflip while daddy's we're the
one age with the boom boom cast get in
here you're supposed to go that way
oh it's to wrestle three two two and a
half star oh one two three he's outta
here and the world heavyweight champion
of the world huh look rap this is so
stupid ooh sir
here we go come get our first one I've
never tried this before this is probably
not the time to try it oh let me make
this noise all right turn your
headphones up all the way Oh brick
almost did let me try one more time for
real oh I did it only pick it oh that's
so fun brick yeah all right shower time
my hair's gray all right it looks a
little milky it's all just milk I would
just like to give a quick shout out
thank you to all the cows in the area
you thought we were getting up thank you
guys so much for watching so keenly like
shed friends if you enjoyed subscribe
pol see you guys the next one
laughs quit it no sword fight why not
