Oh
oh that's a microphone
let's scare yourself at nothing
oh my gosh no way hey thank you so much
you gonna hold that it is day two at the
madcon show and I'm only going to vlog a
little bit but yeah all right here we go
we're going escalator sliding all the
girls are in there right now but we're
like right outside doing this this is
going to work I hope you can slow
yourself down
it's goin
you're not even moving by the murky I
wasn't as dangerous as I thought go
oh you're right doesn't work doesn't
work at all
a whole lot of escalators only they
bring me down maybe grease this thing up
at me but trampoline bursts butter but
if you slid on your feet hi I'm a trial
trial you can feel the little panels
right there shifting whenever you yeah
tanner yeah Oh your foot get it out get
up hold up
you good dude this book just got like
hot new the camera die - lesson learned
don't slide down escalators oh my god
bro I thought I was gonna break my foot
sorry boy yeah my foot I hope you got
that I got it on mine if you want
without gross
Oh
haha
you get any audio Harvey he keeps
walking on
okay so Cameron's in the shower we jump
to things of ice on top of them and
they're about to eliminate on oh hey
milk got on me chill I think you miss
we're good Cameron's throwing water in
the bathroom cuz we threw stuff on him
when he was naked the doping finale
pottery but thank you guys so much
just finished our performance we're
running back to the hotel because what
up crazy bro oh my god I'm scared
see you later Blaire you didn't hit me
up man I watch these YouTube videos
usually I'm gonna watch your stuff we
can get back
see you later boy all right so Blake and
I are we going are we going bridge
jumping or to the beach I feel like we
should move out might as well we're
gonna mess around a little bit this last
day before we leave back for home so
we've been really busy the whole time so
we really have had time to mess around
but this is our little bit of time we
have we are almost to the bridge are you
going to be our dedicated video
ographers I figured that would be my
role thank you I guess my shoes got cake
on them yesterday so a little mud and
dirt won't hurt them it's so pretty here
mother they have spots just pushed out
for you to flip off so we're pretty sure
it's illegal to jump off this but
hopefully it's not as bad as Kansas cuz
the cops just they'll find you no matter
where you go heroin
alright that's about all the cliff
jumping we're going to do not cliff
jumping bridge jumping but we're going
to head to a beach right now ah it's a
green sidewalk after a while of walking
we are here this is the hotel we were
actually supposed to stand but
apparently you got filled up so our
hotel was still really awesome the water
is super clear here pretty amazing and I
get a return to Kansas today whoo
getting Austin Blake's brother you just
got shot with something we'll show you
in a second look at this I was walking
down the highway when you shot at the
paintball going on a plane yeah that's
yes well done would they just kill
robaix and shock you yes I was just
walking right there and I gosh I bet it
took off
like there at the light I try to run up
to nose on a bad idea it's probably a
shot again who does that just like goes
around town she wanted Ricans only just
one shot wait you later man oh yeah do
you do yep we gotta leave Blake what
goodbye bye peace out man see you later
YouTube and see you later hope your butt
gets better
yeah I'm leaving pi mu sweet are you
thank you yeah okay I did thank you so
much for everything thank you well guys
this is the last video of the Puerto
Rico trip I had so much fun meeting
everybody they're all just sets nice
people and but yeah I'm headed home
and I'm just going to try to keep
traveling going to meet other people
other youtubers and just have fun thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget leave a like share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys the next one peace out
