hey Colin what is going on guys today we
were back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day we were starting
this vlog right where we left off if you
guys missed yesterday's video go check
it out it was so sick we have Jade in
here we have Colin here Jake is inside
right now cuz it's cold and we have our
newly ripped bean bag because Luna had
her way with it over the beginning of
the vlog early morning flips off of a
tower yes the foam is coming out yeah :
I dare you to go to the fifth level and
just look over the edge oh holy crap
you're almost there phone's going first
flap selfie mode four story oh my gosh
luna luna stealing is not a game hey hey
hey i'm actually gonna change my hoodie
today i'm in the clique big one instead
of the blue tang clan want love them
both but sadly i only have one torso
Munna loves clinton hi
bill you feel like we filmed too much in
here i feel like this is way too fancy
of a glass for lemonade true it's not
alcohols we're youtubers so quinn and i
have used our thinkers and we've come up
with a genius prank on my mom basically
every prank i've done to my mom which is
like a total of three has succeeded the
last one she didn't really fall for it
but then i said all right we're gonna
redo it in like fake it and then i i
pranked her again and then pranked her
for real kind of confusing but i still
got her also I'm pretty sure all the
pranks have been me getting her or me
bleeding or something like that what's
something else my mom would freak out
about is something realistic like this
attic burning down what we will set this
right by the entrance haha my mom has
warned us at least eight times that we
need to be careful with these fans
because there's insulation the little
yellow stuff cuz it's highly flammable
so coin and I are gonna go to Guitar
Center before it closes and buy a fog
machine stick it up here stick it
outside we're gonna make it super smoky
and tell her I don't know the heater fan
fell over and the whole place is burning
down and make her freak out
obviously and set it straight down yeah
this will be my outfit for the day I
have no clue where my mom is right now
all I know is that she's not home so we
have some time she never comes up here
so if we just start freaking out I say
freaking out we're gonna freak the freak
track fat freak the freak out never I
stay the night right I had that table
right there except sitting on the couch
and I was just watching TV and the
heater was right here and right here so
it's smoking no way there's no damage
but so obviously it's a highly
believable prank and I think we can pull
it off everyone knows she's not an actor
and when she tries it's cringy so we've
got one shot at this let's go to Guitar
Center I'm gonna walk in they're gonna
be like you want another one you're not
gonna play
I brought my keys out because I thought
we were gonna take my car but Quentin
wants some practice for our race that's
gonna be coming very soon I can never
open your freaking door dude I hate it
so much a little bit
feelings I've been scared
let you know
Quentin and I are about to go on a ride
in his car no it's fine okay okay we
will it's for his vlog
love you bye she suspects nothing
bowl collection we're looking for the
one that'll blow the biggest clouds like
I'm talking vape is this like a disco
thing too we might have to get one of
these two guys throw some lasers through
it that'll really confuse my mom I used
that little guy to record the music
video coming soon so we got a fog
machine a super ham one it goes it spits
fat clouds then we got this disco ball
thing that shoots lasers we got a loud
motorcycle and then this stuff that you
put in it so it'll make the clouds real
thick how many C's this many is you have
one and a half Jimmy
yo we left the heater hon and all the
lights this place could have burnt down
for real we're gonna test these things
out real quick my brother's going to get
me dinner because I didn't have any my
mom's at dinner right now we had more
important things to do like buy this
yeah what are you doing we just bought a
fog machine chill it smell nasty it was
because boys in here and boys grow
thanks cutie you're welcome oh this
thing looks dope oh oh dude this could
blind somebody when you don't have a
funnel
you gotta improvise ladies and gentlemen
you don't have a funnel and you really
want to help you're freestyling on the
way back yeah I'm about to bust some
rhymes yeah I got all this time I'm
about to throw sometimes and I'm just so
fun wow it's working it's working what
do you expect from a genius like me a
genius like me yeah I got a breeze and
it smells real good what are you doing
okay let's uh let's test her out hey be
careful with that oh my god that's gonna
work like a charm anybody have a vape I
can borrow so I can contribute we need
to quit making the vape jokes before
people start believing us I can't even
see the end of the Attic right now this
is awesome but we got to play hide and
seek with a fog machine and it's 100%
controllable with this little remote
guys I think I'm gonna refill them a
little bit of my music video with this
Oh
okay I was just wondering when you guys
getting at home I didn't know what about
dinner I mean Tristan brought me a
little bit from Dairy Queen him comes
still hungry you might just make some
banana bread
okay we have plenty of time to fill the
garage with smoke this whole place was
smoked I still have to think of the
story I'm gonna come up with we walked
up there a heater fan was knocked over
and we realized it was super smoky I've
never used one of these for real should
we spray a little bit of this yeah take
the pin out that I just squeeze the
handle things never done this I'm kind
of scared what are you there is it gonna
stain anything oh my that is done Wow
it's like snow right let's listen close
to the say listen okay no more we're
saving it for the real fire so we don't
really have a plan to trick my mom but
I'm thinking we're just gonna fill the
lower garage with smoke let it just fall
out of the garage whenever she gets home
she's gonna see it and be like what the
hell yeah she's gonna see all that I
think me trying to convince her that
this place is on fire might ruin it she
might not believe me okay captain start
her up all right private your call it's
surprisingly warm chemicals are so fun
to play in that is super realistic this
is definitely good that looks awesome we
got it pretty foggy in here you can't
really see much now we go inside and we
wait for my mom Luna have you been
walking on my car yeah huh why why she
probably does that to my orate I didn't
train her for my vlogs because it used
to be funny and now I'm pissed you ready
you can see the Attic okay what am I
looking at we added a few things now
good lord how you fitting anything else
in there because we're cramming it dog
like that dog didn't you want to go in
the Attic again huh guys the Christmas
lights out here are off and the
Christmas lights inside the Attic are
off I think there's something wrong oh
well those work may be the ones inside
work
you
better not be on fire oh my god it's
super smoky up there we left the lights
off go go go go go is there something
over there are you being serious
yes what the hell that's what we bought
guys the freaking attic is full of smoke
right now smells like it's higher it's
like Steam or something it's like what
the heck
like hot and cold mashing like me yeah
that too cold up here's two quick when
the heat stop I don't know Thank You
electrical no is it electrical if you
guys know why steam would be in an attic
let us know smells bad smell anything I
smell burnt tires weird it's like super
weird cuz it's in the garage too this
worries me there must have been a short
fire and then it just stopped or
something no I would think we could
smell that it's like if that makes me
wonder if something's smoldering and we
don't know it but you ever think we
would smell it it smells like I'm a fog
machine with that oh that's our fog
machine you're a dumbass God I'm gone
I'm gone I'm not really but kind of got
them I bought it yeah but you gave no
reaction things now I'm gonna have to
take this thumbnail tomorrow we're going
like whoa and then like add some fake
smoke above the garage yeah I think
you're to bring somebody else you Frank
me one Taylor career oh my god oh god oh
whoa however much I wanted to Hey
done this Mellie burn tire now yeah
how do you get something in there come
on
well I had her going but apparently she
wouldn't really care if our attic was on
fire because it's not the house it's
just just mine I tried it kind of failed
its whatever but guys I'm gonna go ahead
and end this vlog here I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you so much for
watching what I told corner we should
have lit like some kind of actual fire
thank you oh yeah I'm actually gonna go
for my new Disney Channel show soon good
but just I don't think it was a fire I
was just confused yeah any I think
here's known across this video don't
forgive like chareth friends do enjoyed
subscribe for new in I'll see ya
you just maybe
