alright guys so I just got done editing
this YouTube video and I realize there's
a few things I want to say before get
started so for those of you that follow
me on Instagram and Twitter and stuff
you guys know that I've been getting a
ton of hate over the last couple days
and of course it comes from me hanging
out with the Matt Kong guys which you
know I expect to somebody to come but
but I was invited two weeks ago to come
along with them on this trip to go with
these social media stars to go on stage
and just have a good time and I don't
know who would turn that down I
obviously wouldn't so I went with them
and it was honestly one of the best
decisions of my life all the guys there
were so great so nice to me brought me
in and treated me like family throughout
the whole entire thing and a lot of you
are probably like me just saw them
taking pictures like I used to hate on
them but one of the biggest things I
learned is that you should not hate on
people unless you've walked in their
shoes the Matt cone guys are honestly
just such great people and they're just
like me trying to chase my dreams and as
much as I love my backyard I don't plan
on staying in it and flipping for the
next 10 years I'm gonna go out I'm gonna
meet new people things are gonna change
my interests are gonna change I've never
been on stage but one time before this
in a choir concert in 9th grade and I
ended up loving it I had fans that were
guys come to the event just to see me
they came just because I was there and
they had a chance to meet me I had like
no interested in magcon just to come and
say hi just the greatest feeling ever
and right now it was just one show with
Matt Khan I might do more in the future
I don't know it was a lot of fun and I
love all the guys I'm gonna try to hang
out with him in future they're all
really nice guys and it just really suck
seeing like my true fans hating on it
but I hope after you guys watch this
video in the next one you guys will
understand where I'm coming from and
understand that I'm not gonna change
over time fame has not changed me or
whatever my videos are still going to be
the same they're going to be
entertaining as always I'm gonna try my
best to keep making awesome videos for
you guys and yeah I hope you guys enjoy
the video peace out yeah what's up guys
I'm about to head out to the airport for
those of you they don't know I'm going
to Puerto Rico with the magcon guys my
dream of becoming a madcon guys coming
true I'm just kidding I'm only doing one
show with them for now it's been
storming a ton here like a lot and got a
flash flood warning on my phone this
morning that rhymed hey Taylor if it
floods save my Kate Upton posters but
yeah I'm about to head out to the
airport fly there and I'll be hanging
out with all the guys the first night
for the first evening in the hotel I
don't know what we're gonna do exactly
and then we have a show Saturday and
Sunday and then we fly back Monday I
believe so should be pretty fun hope to
see a lot of you guys there and yeah see
you later
forgot to tell you guys that it's only
me and my mom coming because my brother
has work and my sister is school we are
here find a guy with a car okay
here you go you don't think of anything
mr. Luckman thank you thank you cool
place
what's up food uh good to meet you
what's up dude javi what's up what's up
food you just get here
yeah we just die yeah this place is
really pretty that's my first time
meeting all the guys I talked to blade
but yeah the really cool guys hey I'm
only actually good camera now and yeah
we're going to go eat shoes I know
you're not my child but those are these
just where the current ones you have on
I gotta build a villa your for she's
still getting ready okay ready all the
Lin's see it so hot and then cold out
here this is where we perform tomorrow
how are you good how are you it's Jimmy
Fallon watches out probably not oh my
gosh Jimmy Fallon I'm such a huge fan of
yours man thank you different than
chicken strips back home homeboy it's
gonna be scrunched casi doctor
our plane is on music thank you for hold
on it doesn't focus like usual oh oh
there we go I got this like snowball
stuff off the plane goes like a big
marshmallow yeah my plane doesn't have
that cool stuff we have nothing
Kenner job here same colic
so I'm coming up and then we got
dandruff what are we doing Harvey we're
trying to again to a boy I believe we
can get in Harvey your accident makes me
want to start talking like you try try
speaking English what's going on
today bad okay wait what's up guys my
name's Anna and I wanted to say guys I
love you so much thank you so much for
supporting me he speaks the true word
yeah so guys I love you I'll see you
guys soon
now it out good thank you I found it say
what's up subscribe to town I brung
we're trying to get into the party but
you have to have a ticket we're sneaking
into the party
so they just have to go through this do
it and then it leads into the whole
stage background
I were so Quintus lost
all right
okay nevermind we got kicked out hey
girls let's make our own party next
bless he's gonna try to get us in
so well I'm trouble or nothing are we
okay
thank you well that was a good like 15
minutes and no that was amazing I was so
funny how was your first day remember
how it's so fun what's going on guys
it's morning second morning in Puerto
Rico and yeah we're gonna head over to
that big building I'm saying I'm trying
to get it in the air bro if I break it
up by I don't know if they can get that
back you guys are about to see the
behind the scenes of a musically I kick
it easily right how it is dog park we're
gonna mark what's your name Blake
everybody calls me Bam Bam so go be a
man man Tanner pleasure meeting you
haven't seen you since last night no
it's been like a whole night please what
time's it
12:55 and I'm in material firm whoa this
how they prepare for the show
you
we're about to begin the meet-and-greet
I'm already having a lot of fun with the
guys so it should be cool and we got a
room full of snacks please make my
daughter today hello what's up how are
you
people say mad con guys don't have
talent
oh good guy
I'm not the only one here with a furry
thing on top of the camera
my god
first time we show the Audi this is the
aftermath of this whole thing it was fun
though and we're coming back tomorrow
what the the Sun left right ready
straight through
it's a good look for you mind you I like
a lot
all right we're back at the hotel and we
got a ton of the hotel pillows and
blankets we're about to teach them out
of new backflips make sure you got it
perfect all right all right let's go
through the motions with you homework
okay I jump yeah yeah good job
I suppose I'm in the air I took grab
your legs you don't throw your head back
and don't throw my head back all right
can you do it one more time just like
good studying all right just like you
just start with one foot for to help me
and step back throw your arms up as far
as you can grab me legs just hold for a
little bit - you're over all righty okay
one more time nearly almost broke my
neck - mr. frill that's all wrong we did
a whole video okay I could do it on it I
couldn't do it like on a trampoline
thing I'm ready sure I gotta go find
used to be able to do it I feel like I'm
with him I have what everything whenever
your junk will grab your leg and you're
more the better percent on it
what's going hey oh good I thought you
guys helped me a lot though yeah what's
up with a little bit like I need to
touch my feet all day tomorrow go add it
up get off hey
tonight I do that one I was like oh I
know my high school stuff I still feel
cold yeah let me travel trailers ah oh
my okay so I'm basically just you step
back through your arms hard you can't
helps with the momentum intake stuff and
tuck regular Tohono back right he's a
guy hey Lenny like first try yeah try
again yeah
helps him there you go now go help a
little less alright - Jesse oh my god
did you come out barely is it one to
date hey guys what's up
I jumped over the whole thing I didn't
do it no one oh I'm freaking next time
throw your arms straight up and in the
ladder
I'm going up I forgot I brute oh alright
you guys gonna go again yeah wonder I
didn't just quit quit while you're ahead
oh I wasn't really good if you had a
very straight up like I already just
stop I want to do it ah look what you
need to do is get right here make sure
you kick this I'll record something
doesn't mean my help anymore
well he didn't need it in the first
place he already got this I call to mind
that time ago I'm done
yeah oh well I got one with me bro my
jaw contenting up imagine I'm not here
but I'm still gonna help
I could I'm holding on to the bun that
in my hand there you go
oh yeah all right that's good literally
what I wanted to you and oh my gosh i
sat how sign doing it on a tiny mattress
and never did it on the grass for like
two years but he was like ten yeah thank
you
gymnastics is your pillow all right
well sign off from the blog well guys
this has been day two with matt Cohen
it's been a lot of fun going onstage
even though I've only been onstage like
one other time with my choir concert
freshman year so I really don't have
that much experience on stage but I'm
getting there trying to learn all the
guys are a big help and support to me
they're all really nice guys so if you
hate them for any reason you just don't
know them so they're all they're all so
nice and yeah thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
give him a peace mom peace
laughs
