okay so someone left a fish at our front
door says date on it I don't know if
that's the name of the other left it I
guess is the fish's name now well I have
a fifteen gallon tank I guess I'll add
it to the fun Tristan's got quite the
fish tank home so I guess you just got a
new fish yay the Brawn guard fish this
is everyone's fish sure probably even
know that we had a fish tank they
probably didn't okay so we have the bag
sitting in here so that the temperature
adjust and then it doesn't just like it
shocked or whatever according to our
fish expert I don't know why I'm making
a video about this it's just going to
encourage people to do more stupid stuff
for future reference uh please don't
send me fish or any animal because I
don't want to take care of it and then I
feel bad if it dies so all right
continue with the rest video well guys
today I am ordering eight new Kate Upton
posters two or three of which I probably
can't show on YouTube but whenever they
come in I'll probably just like blur out
or tits but it's pretty funny yeah I'm
excited and Quinn's excited too but
you're getting to know I'm getting eight
if do you want oh yeah I'm buying all of
them in the max size that I can get them
and hopefully I have enough room I
already have two kidnapped in posters so
I made sure I didn't get any copies and
I'll probably buy some more in the
future because I tweeted for every like
the skits I'll put a dollar towards
buying them and I got like 500 some
likes I think and I only bought fifty
dollars worth so I mean I still have a
lot of money to spend on Kate Upton
posters but I will do that like over the
course of some time you know let's do it
yeah what's going on guys it's morning
now and I'm doing online school right
now yeah I just found like three hours
on social studies and I'm still like way
behind on it and I just started science
I'm behind on all of them really who's
Kate Upton posters are gonna be in at
the end of the month I don't know why
they're taking so long I've Amazon Prime
but I just ordered a green screen and I
don't really know what I'm gonna use the
green screen for because I don't really
do that much stuff that would involve
that maybe when I'm sitting down here
maybe when I do something at my desk
like a reacting video or something I'll
just put me in the video as a person
only no background I don't know anyway I
ordered one of those if I got five by
seven things so that should be pretty
cool oh yeah let's go check on that fish
I haven't even looked at him since we
put him in the tank he adjusted to the
temperature and I think we put him in
here I'm not sure though yeah there's
like eight fish in here I don't know
which one's him okay I feel really bad
now I shouldn't feel bad someone left at
my house yeah like I said before don't
leave anything at my house unless it's
like Kate Upton posters I don't know you
well I don't even know if it's in that
tanker where it is I gave it to my
brother so yeah I'll check back in on
that later
but I came up with an idea for a million
subscribers it's going to be a surprise
I don't wanna say anything about it
because I don't know if it's actually
gonna happen yet all I'm gonna say is
that it has something to do with a tweet
I put out a few days ago and that sweet
involved me getting likes on that tweet
and I'm gonna do something with the
stuff from that tweet maybe if more of
you guys followed me on Twitter you'd
know what I was talking about and for
all of you that didn't get a pickup one
of these shirts yeah you still can't
they're limited edition but we will do
more merchandise in the future I just
need to figure out like if we're gonna
have a store that's open all the time
you guys can go to or if we will do
another like week-long thing I don't
really know we'll probably get new
designs and whatever we do it'll be cool
again so yeah I feel like that's enough
rambling and I guess I will see you guys
when I go with Quinton somewhere because
yeah I don't really know what we're
gonna be doing today but I'm gonna sit
on my computer a little bit longer okay
we're about to head out but I see a
package on the hood it is but we're
opening it Rhoda's classic Cornish
clotted cream fudge okay well yeah we're
gonna go yeah guys I'm gonna be really
bored over the next like entire school
year so I probably I'm going to Puerto
Rico soon so that'll be a cool video
Quentin's gonna come with me if we take
a road trip somewhere I want to clog
with faze I want to go to the face house
that'd be cool Norman you follow me on
Twitter let me know I'll be there in a
hot minute yeah let's head out okay so I
got some big packages we're at the gym
right now I'll open them whenever we get
to my grandma's house I don't know how
they still let me in after that one
video he actually does stuff here
what's that steroids is that steroids in
there winstrol and Anibal crushed up and
mixed
oh I had like second place school record
right behind Quentin for pull-ups I got
21 I'll do ten right now just to prove
myself in school like I had a reason to
do a lot so I do a lot in front of kids
so I could feel tough I need a haircut
before Puerto Rico starting to look like
my old self
prosit
this then I was in County I was but I
said some stupid I was ten I think I
took my sweatshirt off so it doesn't
weigh me down
this one has such bad problems in
baseball what was that like 15 15 points
here my grandpa's back I put him in my
new car video say what's up what's up
see here we go they ended yeah this one
was $13 this enemy that's a couple
money's it feels like water oh I cut
through laminated paper no wonder it was
so hard to cut through but come on Taco
Bell change they sent me 50 cents in
pennies thank you so much more pennies
more pennies they sent me a envelope
full of balloons with tampon things in
them
awesome this got me through the day and
then I don't know what this is I don't
know make up terms what does a broken
pencil and more pennies they probably
sent me like four dollars in pennies so
thank you so much
is that a bunch of rubber bands maybe
there's not a really random thing I'm
sending you but I know a lot of people
send you rubber band bracelets but
you've never seen anyone send you just
rubber bands so here's a bunch inside of
a balloon and you have to blow up the
balloon and pop it so you can get rubber
bands that was a subpanel is in there I
will do that but oh yeah open first
whoops it's gonna be open last my name
is Sofia I am 14 years old
I live in a small town in New York and
then I'm gonna rehearse this off-camera
because I forgot how to read and it's a
novel and off to reteach myself you
better tell Cameron thanks for the glue
sticks thank you for the glow sticks
Cameron this is such cool fan art and I
cut through it in the corner and I feel
really bad about it but I'll put it on
my wall anyway I don't know why your
people love tape so much oh she also
sent me a bunch of nail polish like a
bunch there's a letter in here so here's
another really random gift it's some old
nail polish and makeup that I didn't
want anymore and I figured I could send
it to you and you could open it on
camera you can give this to tailor or
Tristan or keep it I'm gonna keep it
Thank You Sophia you need to keep your
hair long for Puerto Rico so you can
wear this this is like the biggest
rubber band bracelet perfect sick oh
sucker ward off you'll injure more
pennies to make some noise I like it
this is the most money I've ever gotten
I sent me a pencil for online school
we don't use this from Owen Max and
Spencer from Canada I'm not cutting into
him anymore
every time you start to get something
scared ya see there's a letter right
inside yeah I got to quit that you
should know by now I'm not talented good
knife I jumped off my shed with one and
everybody freaked out about that that
was probably safer than me doing this to
botch opening look at that ripped on the
bottom a little bit and I didn't even do
it I think you speak Caitlin Gordon with
Tanner Upton they also sent me a
bracelet that matches the Broome
Guardian sure so I'm definitely gonna
wear this right now and this was filmed
in front of a live studio audience
we still have two big packages to go and
then do you have anything oh yeah so
this more fan art ever since I said I
was gonna put more stuff in my wall I've
been getting a lot more fin art and I
love it and hey Tanner my name is
Adriana I've been subscribed for a
couple of months now I love your
trembling videos I heard in one of your
videos your dream car is a Lamborghini
so here's a Hot Wheels Lamborghini sorry
for the bad handwriting and also here is
some change for Taco Bell
only this is a Lamborghini no it
actually is a Lamborghini sign right
there
I forgot Lamborghini made minivans I'll
get the big big package and you get the
small big package more balloons are they
full rubber bands again they're not full
of anything I made you a diamond play
button because you deserve it
thank you so much for being a good
youtuber you just got really dark dude
look at it this is better than the
actual diamond pile in a Walmart printed
picture of me drinking bleach here's the
real diamond play button bleach on it Oh
getting this is the same person from the
last time I don't know like the same
diamond is this really cool though gonna
set this over here this hat is a
baseball team but it's also your
initials Tampa Brown Garth sick I don't
know if that was intentionally cut out
kind of looks like it I don't know oh
they just completed the outfit yeah I
don't know how many of these I can show
these going on my fan art Waldo they're
Kate Upton in various poses I really
need a Kate Upton poster that goes
across my ceiling that's like 16 feet
letters up this video up I
try do it inside or outside nice thank
you I heard these are for like my braces
thank you bye bye 4:30 hang up what's up
what's that last I can't see oh thank
you do you want a pair of glasses
no you sure I got plenty I'm not allowed
to sit this up alright okay you guys
have a food you too thank you um hey
check it out
we've got all the change on the sides
we've got the sunglasses we've got the
bubble gum we've got the bleach
flavoring just in case you know every
time I hit a bump some of the change
flies out so all the pennies are pretty
much gone so thank you so much for
sending me all these that's $1 $2 $3 and
$4 they've probably sent me like four
dollars in pennies and it's really
freaking hot in here because I haven't
turn on the car because I just came out
here to film this and I'm going back
inside but yeah thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one
peace out
yes
