good morning we drove like two and half
hours last night and we're about to
drive the same amount and then we're
gonna be a Beaver Lake it's an Arkansas
I don't think I've ever been there
I look like Jimmy Neutron and yeah we're
going cliff jumping but we're gonna go
to Walmart real quick so I can buy
umbrellas so I can jump off with
umbrellas to see if it slows me down
which it'll probably just break the
umbrella but it'll be funny so let's go
here we have it all right which one are
we gonna get I need one that will maybe
work but not waste my money I think to
be safe I should buy a $14 one and a $4
one all right we've got the two sizes
this one looks like something a
policeman would have and this looks like
something an eight-year-old girl they
had so sweet hi what what are you doing
huh Justin Bieber's replacing Big Time
Rush just kidding I've acquired my wet
suit and clickbait swim trunks the
cliffs are probably not gonna be that
big just because the water is down so we
can't jump off the highest ones I don't
think there's the lake I'm about to turn
my good shoes in the river shoes oh well
they have a little hole in them right
there so no I actually like these and
they fit but yeah I'm gonna put them in
the water and they're gonna become a new
river shoes I guarantee these unbell
--is both break on the first jump you're
gonna fold inside out and then I'm gonna
be ruined but it'll be fun
no umbrellas bro it's not raining I have
to have that raining out here hey
there's a cliff thingy I wish we had
perfectly carved out cliffs in Kansas am
i right yeah okay this is going to be
your first triple back right are you
going yeah so are you gonna be filming
me or how am I gonna get this to the
shore um I can film you but you're not
very good I also think I can throw start
talking I only do you talk use it all
right you're good you're good
why is my hair look better in the
morning than it does try to fix it cuz
you didn't fix air should we tell the
whole world that sorry guys I didn't
shower to go getting a light ready
repeat this bittersweet heat is
suffocating hi waiting and always
hesitating kryptonite desires of my
heart of fire set my heart
yeah
I'm always there scared that the GoPro
is gonna somehow fall out even though
there's like no way look at this dude
Oh ladies eater oh no no no no look at
the top of his head
crazy trampoline flips into poor this
guy's so creative
who's a fucker you okay so I have
acquired an umbrella and it almost sunk
because I didn't know they didn't blow
it's kind of wet so I don't know if
that'll go against the laws of gravity
that will go into this actually working
or not which I guarantee it won't but
it'll be a good thumbnail gotta make
sure this clickbait swim trunks are all
good
mission failed it locks out the Sun no
sir
got it you can use this to store drinks
in it and it helps you float we are at a
rope swing
I was actually about a house that you're
going to talk anyways wow this is spot
number two we traveled on the boat for
how long how long we travel the boat ten
minutes hi camera woman hello alright
turn again yeah I'll film with the GoPro
again cuz I can't get my camera to the
shore sadly okay ready I'm gonna try to
climb up that rope thing there GoPro
yeah good luck
thank you go tanner oh my god this is a
giant wall go monkey to go for all my
risky kidding me you're halfway there
that's gonna fall back in the water and
you're gonna regret that we're not
always making the final descent or not
the some of the scent a scent a scent
he's made it you're very talented
now how do you go my god God you almost
just fell back in yeah I would they came
back up God that scared me okay anyway
the rope
pull on the rope and make sure it's
strong it is okay telling your never man
I want to do this not at all ready yeah
this is so much higher than I thought
I can't really video this with the GoPro
so you're only gonna have one view
brings about so far
I was pretty scary but pretty fun it was
a little bit lower it would be better
but you're good
don't be it was come on
which took the long way to the rope
coming this time
you
got a pen performing horrifying couple
rock here
boats way over there
Oh almost forgot I wish we could have
done this but these are pretty big
Springs for a trampoline on a boat haha
those things are actually so bouncy and
I would love to do it
you got my umbrella I did bottom down oh
I can imagine
I'm keeping that one I spent good ten
dollars on it okay so we can't use it
anyway because apparently someone broke
their neck and some kid broke his leg so
they're getting rid of it so we can't
use it and I'm sorry about the wind it's
really freaking windy and a socks
goodbye lake until next time if there is
one all right we are on our way home
right now shout out to Steve and
Michelle for letting us go out on the
lake with them yeah we're headed back
home I start online school in like a day
probably sorry about that yeah I should
have started a little while ago but yeah
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave like share friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys in the next one
peace out
