what's going on guys today someone left
this at my doorstep it's full I I don't
know why anyway today I'm going to be
reacting to bad trampoline fails for
those of you that have been on my
channel for a very long time you know
that I've been into trampoline since I
was like really little I myself have
been through some bad fails and I might
look at some of those but I'm not sure
yet hi guys I'm editing this video and
one thing I forgot the t-shirt that I'm
wearing right now along with the other
design are available in hoodie tank top
and regular t-shirt for one more day
limited edition you guys can go pick
them up link in the description youth
sizes are now available for anyone that
wanted to get one in a youth we had some
problems with the site and we couldn't
get them up earlier but they're out now
so go get one if you want one and
continue with the video
I just realized Kate's in the corner
there you're welcome and I just realized
that I probably watched a lot of these
fails I used to watch trembling videos
all day including fail videos so I've
probably seen a lot of these but yeah I
guess we'll just look up trampoline
fails oh yeah also someone sent me an
iPhone 5 still works I've said numerous
videos don't send me stuff you want back
and this didn't even have a return
address don't send me stuff you want
back so I guess I'll just put this in
the big sakkath and I have out there
later also adrenaline addiction sent me
this pretty 6 shirt I love it also real
quick for those of you they don't know
I'm gonna be going with magcon September
9th through the 12th to Puerto Rico if
you guys know who blade Gray is he's
been my friend for awhile we actually
talked before either of us were big and
now I get to meet him and I get meet all
the other guys so that should be really
fun and I don't really know what we're
gonna do but but I will film whatever I
can and make it into a video should be
pretty fun now let's get into the video
okay this one's called best trampoline
fails of 2016 funny fail compilation
starts out with the dad on the
trampoline with all the kids that's
already a bad sign reminds me of my
younger days oh god yeah alright yeah my
dad did that whenever we were on the
trampoline a while back except he flew
through my net but he went backwards and
leant on his back in the grass and I
thought he died but he was fine
so I always continued oh hold on hold on
this good luck
oh my god was he just like knock out
what the see those are the kind of fails
that I don't get like the cameraman is
sitting there laughing and the kids
probably like seriously injured he just
laying on his back on the wood and then
fell on his head on the ground like
ground is not soft and some people are
stupid all right
this appears to be a trampoline part
someone runs in front oh yeah every time
I go to the trampoline park that happens
to me kids run behind me and I end up
hitting them and I need to quit pausing
it so much but yeah to get a break oh he
did it
oh oh oh into the bush yeah you already
know what's gonna happen in most of
these sorry audio though oh my god why
did I go back so far throw your arms up
see like ones like that are pretty funny
I was that funny out hurt so bad oh WWE
oh I'm good that's how you break your
leg but I guess he's good
that's why you don't just go for stuff
without like any experience at all you
could definitely tell that was his first
time oh my god these trampolines are the
problem off the trail you're good you're
just freaking chest planted onto a metal
bar oh that didn't sound good it's gonna
break turn of the kid's gonna fall on I
I called it it's always the knees that
breaks it whenever there's like a big
personnel or when there's two people on
it's a very small trampoline to be doing
bike tricks on
how does that happen looks like Jukes
quads videos why would the grandma be on
the trampoline in the first place nope
she's fine though
oh he's still got it okay now we have a
professional I wasn't a fail at all he
stuck that it was beautiful
oh okay there it was why why would you
do that that is so stupid yeah its head
stuck go help him yeah you need to
coming up and I got the camera what are
you doing that is legit my setup from
when I was in like sixth grade
oh and then the kids just jump on him
how did that feel nice he came up with
all smiles
nice little foam pit you oh my god what
were you thinking they all do the same
thing they just rock it straight back
when they do a backflip okay this
probably can't be that bad of a fail
they're strapped in okay except for when
it breaks never mind okay this one's
from my trampoline friends that I talked
to on Instagram I've seen this one it is
so bad oh my god why why would you go
that far back dude this is when there
were a big younger they're like insanely
good now but in all honesty that
probably hurt his knees more than his
neck
look at that I took off the other
freaking part of the net just from the
impact oh my god one like equals one
prayer
let's visit some of my worst accidents
real quick yeah I was just trying to do
consecutive backflips beat my record of
four at the time and I got too close to
the springs and it freaked me out and I
died yeah mmm that one hurt my knees
more than my face but it hurt horribly
bad and it was just a horrible idea from
the beginning so whatever here's my
triple ball out fail uh yeah I couldn't
breathe and I was only gonna do two but
my mind was just like yeah let's go for
three even though you can't make it and
it hurt horribly bad so yeah I kind of
just sat there for a while next up my
triple front flip fail oh here it is see
if I would have held I actually would
have made it yeah there's corn in the
back you got it no no I didn't okay my
triple backflip fail this was only like
a year and a half ago this was my second
attempt yep oh my god I could not bring
it and I actually cut out my reaction
because it was me going ah and I was
basically freaking out because my mom
was at home it was only me and my friend
Quentin I'd done one before this and so
I was like super confident that I was
gonna make it over I already did it once
so I'm gonna have it forever yeah that
was not the case
I hit my chin on my chest and it was
horrible I couldn't breathe and I
couldn't really move for like two weeks
but yeah then at this most recent
Midwest meetup I redid triple backs and
I landed them and yeah that's why that
was such a big deal to me Cliff's coming
tomorrow last day to order the shirt and
yeah that's basically it hope you guys
enjoyed and I will see you guys in the
next one peace out
yes
