what is going on guys today we are in
Walmart buying a lot of sprinkles many
way too many Springs yes hold up let me
get this out upper right there we go
sorry this is definitely going to be the
messiest trampoline verses we've done
hopefully it's fun it's probably going
to be sticky it's very hot outside can
we just like appreciate how many free
goes per vine or year line yes look at
me either are one two three four wait 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 20 20 tubs of sprinkles we're
gonna jump off a roof onto it at least a
regular high um yeah we will see you
guys when we were back home because yeah
I can't really carry all these sprinkles
and talk to ya so see you later I'm so
excited
okay guys we are back home got all the
camera stuff ready Caudle his cheese
balls
we have all the sprinkles Gettle $63
worth and some pretty pebbles that are
gonna pass the sprinkles once I crumble
them up I was supposed to be a secret
okay
we just ran in my dad's house and got a
ladder out of the back of the truck
because we usually jump off the
trampoline onto the roof because we're
gonna be jumping off the roof onto the
trampoline but it's kind of hard to jump
up onto the roof whenever it's covered
in sprinkles and such but right now we
got to get this bad boy out of here it's
gonna be sick I would love to use the
drone but I kind of crashed it doing my
new intro
it's just Scott's up on the sides and it
probably still works but I don't want to
test it right now I'd rather make sure
it's okay okay so just put on a random
pair of shorts and it turns out they're
clay shorts from trampoline versus
butter they smell horrible and they just
Oh God it'll make the sprinkles stick
probably not
anyway yeah they just smell bad but yeah
we have got the ladder out we're gonna
do a quick jump in the pool because it
is super hot outside and then the plan
is to climb up the ladder
walk across the roof and then jump off
the roof onto the trampoline and
hopefully land back on it and not fly
off onto the you know fence or back into
the house of the rocks your lizard down
here they're good I knew it
hi Dylan let's do it
thank you bye Dylan bye oh yes baby
okay so we're saving the 30 pebbles for
last should we stand on the side so we
don't mess about my region with you yeah
you smell like a popsicle last one
slam this one will fit and that one also
oh I'm actually like a dollar bill it
rips so I was going to show you guys how
many we bought you can still see when
you're 20 things of sprinkles we'll look
at that oh my god we only have one
chance at this unless we want to go back
to Walmart and spend another too much
money's Dada ready everything like I
just just like gonna dump it 33 - oh
this is gonna look so good and I'm so
excited that just made me so hype that's
only four oh oh my god I'm so excited -
there's gonna be so many ants in your
backyard
what yes yes colors
this is awesome
spread out
Oh God the wind don't do this to us not
now I'm going to move this camera over
here and start the slo-mo cam okay an
iPhone 6 we need a fan something I'd be
so sick what a phantom camera one of the
super high-speed like slow-mo guy's
camera oh my goodness oh my god turn
around all over you okay just jump in
belly flop on it oh my god we almost
forgot about the three pebbles oh yes oh
my goodness it smells so good out here
so this is what you do when you're a
youtuber for fun more fruity pebbles I
forgot that I had these yeah do it
around the edges
oh my god we're going to need a monster
of a vacuum dude oh that was so cool
hahahaha oh my god I was so cool it went
all over me so Taylor what'd you think
about your brother and his shenanigans
pretty cool try out backflip feedback
loop I wonder benign jump on my back
I'll do a kaboom I see the back here let
me see you back Wow alright ready
oh my god I'm gonna
yep
my hands are rainbow almost died
Oh
Oh
look at my feet oh my gosh they're
covered completely
Oh baby
Oh God Oh
oh my god is so cool oh I think I'm done
oh the something some of my nose yep oh
my god I think it's in my hair still hey
guys it basically does it for this video
it was really fun
yeah it was thank you so much to
everybody stuck to the end we're filming
another Trembley versus video right
after this it's gonna be up on his
channel here's a little preview of it I
wish we had a net because these are
gonna go everywhere oh my god we have 10
of these sander oh I almost went into
the freaking hole so yeah if you liked
this video don't forget to leave a like
check out his video gonna be awesome as
well and thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new I'll see you
guys the next one peace out there are so
many sugar stain oh it's in the springs
that's good we want that oh nice
goodbye
Oh
yes
