what's going on guys today we have candy
and we're going to be making all right
so you know as a kid you always saw
these and you were happy getting them on
Halloween well today we're going to get
the little buns there's going to be a
bun at the top and they're going to be a
bun at the bottom and we're just going
to make a hundred layers of this krabby
patty stuff and I realized I probably
only needed one bag because we're only
going to use the inside just realize
that yeah oh my god well I'll be eating
these later I'm not gonna eat them later
look there's just a ton of different
colors and everything we're not gonna
flatten them out or anything we're just
going to attempt to stack them and I'm
sorry about the horrible lighting I can
feel the Sun on the side of my face
making a shadow
I guess I'm right in the Sun it spread
you look cute we don't he always looks
cute it's it's what it is alright so
we're gonna open these up spill them out
and we should probably get a plate
because there is mud on the stea that
wasn't asked I'll be right back
I've never seen blue ones like this
before no these are pretty patties these
aren't crabby patties look they all
thought spongebob was stupid for that
idea why you never seen that episode you
kidding me these are gonna melt by the
Sun we don't need a microwave a hundred
layers of krabby patty here we go we
have the bottom bun part that'll be the
ending bun right there so that count of
three
no that's two there's two in between
there these are all in a bowl I realize
we're like hundred layers are picking up
wrappers yeah so there's two layers in
each krabby patty hundred divided by two
I'll do that b-36 hustle button you have
to bring the four we'll figure it out as
we go you make them into a necklace
after you smoke your it in and it's
gonna fall
I know I'll squish them like you
rehearsed you don't need to be the
swifter yeah I guess um they like don't
they just go right that's how they're
works this is nine and already have the
leaning tower of patties should we do
what we did for yours and do like ten at
a time yeah and hopefully there's a
black speck on the top patty already
yeah buddy and either snack time these
are not very good whenever you have like
a hundred and fifty of them we don't
need these done okay on second thought
we're not going ten at a time because
it's ridiculously hard so we're doing
little sacks of five until we get it
done up green on green that isn't no no
oh you entitled white people wasting
Krabby Patties and servers and sour
patch kids Oh your mom probably bought
you all of those originally you tuber
any 20 of those sacks okay all right one
two three four five six we're happy
this sucks
don't some guys here all I can say is
that I'm very glad we did this out in
the hot Sun had his sarcasm I like how
these sandwiches only consist of a pink
thing and a pickle a pink thing the
patty that's not a patty penny that's
ratty a little plastic anchor doesn't
you just love killing deer
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 out of the 20
stacks we need that was a whistle some
reason I just feel like the episode of
poseidon spongebob where they're racing
with the patties all the swarm stick
that wouldn't completely change
directions
sure leaders on that one yeah now face
scallions rules sky bill and I had it
wrong no don't I this guy is good the
sky and sky and rules hmm never thought
I'd be singing the Bill Nye theme
someone making Krabby Patties okay
they're toppling over now obviously cuz
I'm knocking a mover hey now I got to
dig them out and potentially hit some
more on the way for more that's it
look I have one right here all right
here we have all 100 of the middle
patties okay we are going to go stick
these in the microwave and then
hopefully they stick together
golly yeah we did a bunch of these for
no reason okay here we go
I don't know how long they usually put
100 Krabby Patties in the microwave
blast last time I did it was like 20
seconds okay good I'm gonna do tins of
safe sorry I'm not going by the manual
like our reflections you think they're
sticky I think they're toppled over is
what they are all they are melted
together
there's no way 100 are gonna stick to an
oak grows is goopy goopy the ones on the
bottom they turn into gum should we just
make a big bowl and then I put a patty
on it oh my god it's so warm oh my god
this is the nastiest thing I've ever
felt next to Quintin that's disgusting a
half of this patty is on my fingers why
are we doing this for science for
science bar the point we've just
completely messed up hey girls will you
please come stick more patties on my
animal we don't know at this point hmm
headaches okay well we're going to uh
wait and we need to make our balls no
Betty voila here we go hey bro what's up
high five but yeah that is basically it
for this video guys thank you guys for
watching what's up guys it's morning now
and I'm heading upstairs right now and I
realized this video is really going to
suck if we don't actually get 100 layers
so I'm gonna use the second bag that I
have right here and even though it
doesn't really count I'm gonna superglue
a hundred of these there I guess so
alright so I'm using hot glue so I don't
know how good this is gonna work
I might just melt through them but it
might work I'm just gonna have to do
like one that time wait for them to dry
out and then we'll see okay this one
will be the bottom patty I'll stick it
over here for now and this one will be
the top we are one fourth of the way I
love you little dark on the toast I'll
take it one two three four five six
seven eight nine so we are almost
halfway there
no Amity is all to you but there's no
blues in this whole entire thing I want
more blues we just got a letter I wonder
who it's from
that's from Blue's Clues maybe Blue's
Clues she could give me some blues okay
my brother's a genius screw the hot glue
gun I'm just gonna stick through five at
a time with toothpicks and then they'll
all stick together hopefully I get a
hundred hi I think this might actually
work
there's no pickles I've even been here
that long okay you want to work on
getting that cleaned up
hell no look at that there's ten right
there this might actually be possible so
we've done five so right here is twenty
five of them and we still have all of
these to go and we're going to go ahead
and like do different sets and then
we're going to combine them all at the
end oh my god we've done it if they just
stick for a little bit longer okay let's
put this bottom patty on do you want to
on the top hat of course I do there we
have it guys oh my gosh the world's
first 100 krabby patty sandwich that
nobody will eat oh it's coming off a
little from top to bottom don't mind the
toothpick you would eat I help me get
the thumbnails people click on this
thing no trying to get the thumbnail
here to be breaking I guys excuse the
mess in the back we just had a breakfast
and such but uh yeah that pretty much
does it for this video it actually
worked the second time around thanks for
your idea even though you were like 4%
of the help that went into this I'm
sorry anyway um yeah I'm just gonna
throw this away I mean I guess I'll take
a bite of toothpick yeah but yeah thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like share the French
if you enjoyed it subscribe if you're
new and I will see you guys in the next
one
peace out God hey Tristan you're gay
right yeah hey I got you a birthday
present here oh thanks for that
yes
