guys our twin is here that's crazy
that's a cute blue two and my lens are
foggy this is a small airport we should
be able to find him fairly quickly
after we got lost twice yeah yeah you're
right
well I realize how unenthusiastic I just
looked in your scootering Gail : the
screen of my camera looks rainbow in
these glasses oh the lid of the Coke
came off oh my god I'm like now my car's
gonna be sticky he's gonna experience
big time Roger
we are home well here's our trampoline
that's over see man that you can't see
it's too dark okay well we're really not
gonna do anything tonight so I'll see
you guys tomorrow when we are doing
something so yeah good night what's up
guys it is morning now we have a
trampoline by the pool that you guys
have seen numerous videos with foam pit
coming soon I already said this and but
yeah we're just going to do some flips
into the pool to wake up I really don't
know what we're doing this morning but I
have my flip tin the pool in a while
because I've been traveling and just
doing other videos hey guys guess what
Tanner Fox made fun of me for thinking
his scooter folded well guess what I
have a better scooter than him right
down here and it actually does fold okay
oh you guys have seen this stuff many of
times I'm sorry
if you feel too early in the morning for
trip the front but I'll do it you get
three and a half I've done quad I'm
really yeah Kurtz I'm sorry I didn't ask
you water hurts
hit my pick on the water alright well
that's about it for trampling into the
pool for me today did the same tricks I
always do so that's interesting but yeah
I'll see you when we are derp in doing
something else what's up guys I got the
new vlogging setup here the Roman Atwood
we're going to a horrible skate park is
that's the only kind we have here
trampoline we still haven't set back up
after the bridge jumping video and I'm
on Monday one song heck yeah guys let's
go to the skate park skateboard for life
let's go boy bro please summers car
so my GPS brought us to this random
field that says it's a skate park but
now we're going to an actual skate park
we think wow this is the best skate park
ever I used to play Tony Hawk's American
wasteland and skate three so I should be
pretty good at this yeah this place is
pretty sick hold on let me get the
gliding shot oh that was hot
you want to try don't damage my good
board that I've rode once in the past
six years
that was excellent for something yeah Oh
Manuel oh that was a Manuel - yes go
with everyone
Ozzy Jesus speed
I got the rest of a scooter oh no I went
so long without cracking my phone I just
shattered it for the second time it's
been it's like horribly bent the screen
doesn't work Frank okay well we're gonna
pack it up because this place sucks
and I need to go your phone now we're
going to the mall real quick to try to
get it fixed man what a day Oh Oh it's
like brand-new I don't mean to put your
cameras no no I got it sorry I'm an
independent woman okay we're back at my
house we're just gonna go mess around on
the trampolines for a little bit sorry
this videos like all over the place and
really doesn't have any meaning to it I
wasn't expecting the landmass I was like
bro did you do scooter gymnast
are you a flipper I do do flips oh like
four times a month really yeah see your
flipper yeah no this is a handshake boys
do that let's do the actual him take a
look let me set this up we made that up
right now it's not a real flipper
handshake
oh all right we have brought out the
mattresses and the pads I'm gonna try a
double front on flat kind of flat and if
I can do it then I might do it on grass
probably not today but my feet they slip
I thought I was gonna learn in my head
you guys better leave like I was scary I
was still worried about landing on my
head that the adrenaline kicked in and I
land on my back and it didn't hurt so
we're good
yeah Oh slap my back right now uh no
like right here oh you missed a kitten
dick on where tonight no I'll get myself
what's going on guys it's morning now
and I just realized that it deleted a
ton of clips from my newest P o box
opening video we filmed it but I haven't
made it into a video and I can't really
now because the clips are going like the
first half the clips are gone so I can't
make that a video and I realized a lot
of youtubers don't make people box
openings and I make way too many they're
not the fun to edit and I'm pretty sure
they're only entertaining for the people
that send stuff so I'm just gonna start
highlighting the best packages during
the vlogs and stuff like say I film a
video and at the end I just want to show
like some of the best packages I've got
if you got a ton of packages over there
but I'll open those right now and then
I'll show you guys the best one of those
but yeah I just went to the online
school place and I didn't roll in online
school and I'm taking extra classes so I
graduate faster they shouldn't be that
hard but I have to spend like 25 hours a
week on them at the very least so
hopefully it doesn't interfere with
YouTube that much it's annoying that it
interferes with it at all but I have to
go to school yeah but my friend Quinton
is actually able to do online school now
me and him will just wake up to our
school together and then start filming
I'll probably be uploading every other
day yeah hopefully I can keep doing that
and I'm going to open some packages okay
so first off I got this in the last pill
box opening that i sadly deleted the
footage from check it out it's a knife
now I'm going to use this to open all
the packages so I can show you guys okay
here are today's pics from the PIO box
opening first I got a GTR pretty sure
you sent this to the wrong Tanner this
is from Alex he is 12 years old
tell your brother gays Rock trust in hey
alex is not gay by the way according to
his letter thanks Alex here's a letter
from gravitated equations these are my
flipping friends on Instagram and their
posts are just hilarious and if you guys
saw in my trampoline heaven video my
friend Gavin had this shirt on he got it
from Solomon from my camp they went to
so they said this shirt and they also
sent this shirt which is like my
favorite color blue so Thank You Solomon
and everybody else involved with
gravitated equations next up this one is
from Maddie she appreciates the guitar
hero segments in my vlog and she also
sent me this so Thank You Maddie next we
have a shirt sent to me whenever I was
in California I wanted to buy a shirt
like this but I could just never find
the right one
but this one is so sick its Sunset
Boulevard California just a really dope
tank top and I will actually be wearing
this and I didn't see a name on this but
thank you so much to whoever sent it you
know who you are and last but definitely
not least we have a Lamborghini
Aventador I really want to take this out
of the box but I really don't just
because it looks so sick in here my mom
who's always in the background of my
videos I love you too just look at that
beauty why does my camera never focus I
don't know they're getting even store LP
700-4 someday so thank you Tomas I hope
that's how you say your name oh yeah
that pretty much does it for this video
guys thank you guys so much for watching
don't really like share the friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you new and
I'll see you guys the next one also come
on what me and Tanner should do for
videos because we really don't have
anything to do Kansas is boring I've
pretty much done everything I can do
here we'll probably drive up to like six
hours at the most so if you guys know
anywhere close that's really cool too we
go to I guess let us know but yeah I
will see you guys in the next one
peace out
if
