what is going on guys today I'm gonna be
reading my sister's Instagram comments
and then whenever she gets back home I'm
gonna look through her DMS to make sure
she not up to anything I got this idea
from one of my favorite youtubers faze
Blaziken I love all the face guys but
before we get started I need to put fan
mail on my closet door because it's
really bare and I said I'd make a fan
art wall so might as well start now and
then we got to put up the new K poster
initiate time-lapse sequence on second
thought this is gonna take a lot longer
than I thought so all to show you
whenever it's done alright here is what
we have for now
got some bleach Lamborghini Hawaii trip
YouTube play button with all the social
medias just lots of other cool stuff
this one is so cool 5 years on YouTube
me on a bleach bottle and just all of
this stuff is just so cool so please
continue to send fan mail I'm gonna have
to fill in the cracks as time goes with
like smaller fan mails like that one
paintings like this down there I don't
really know where I can stick them just
because they're so big but I will find
somewhere to put them and got a
flattened out cake before I put her on
my wall so she doesn't end up like this
GTA 5 poster that's slowly coming undone
it's just really annoying alright enough
about the posters and stuff let's start
reading some Instagram comments alright
let's search up my sister's Instagram
Taylor Brown GART it's funny because
just because she's my sister she is 10k
that's just funny see how many my
brother has actually before we started
Tristan you're slacking all right back
to Taylor's page we'll just start from
her most recent picture oh my gosh 41
comments it's like more than I get so
I've never really read my sister's
comments before but to my surprise
there's actually a lot of nice people
you know just calling her pretty
whatever else and then the other halfs
just people asking to talk to me which I
bet that's annoying for her actually I
know it is
you're so beautiful girl you know which
is nice I'm not getting intense yet okay
but hold up let's go check out this
guy's page is it just me or does this
dude look like he is 25 you know what
it's cool whatever okay we're gonna keep
scrolling down and see what else we can
find here I'd smash I don't know if
Taylor would be down for that
considering your Simpson according to
your profile picture of ahold of Taylor
come here go ahead and take a seat real
quick
are you in are you into the little guy
off Simpson what are you filming reading
my sister's Instagram comments those are
mine okay so do you like the little guy
pretty sure his name's Bart no that's
the old guy I never
homers Oh Homer is the only guy so yeah
you know like little Bart Simpson you
like him who commented that like would
you smash him that's what they asked
it's a cartoon your point people watch
that kind of stuff
see yes or no question it's a no
question okay get out of here hey let me
you of course your private you too
scared to show you real life look at his
website though SoundCloud calm slash I'm
real ugly slash booty from a distance
I'm not around you're so pretty
oscillator what the lesbians now I'm
kidding it's a girl thing I get it I'd
front flip on that okay this is where I
draw the line okay
I'm tanner flip daddy Braungart if
anybody's gonna be flipping on the girls
it's gonna be me okay alright that was
all in one picture we're moving on to
her next pictures yeah and then there's
just a ton of people asking for a
snapchat hey Tristan have you read our
sisters in scram comments no let me you
ha ha ha
dude this girl commented slay she's
getting death threats just for selfies I
think they're gonna slay her like
machete
like we want to read some of these with
me have a seat if you'd like I mean I
just worked for a love an hour so don't
know how bad I look you look freaking
hot Oh where's his Instagram Thomas J do
reading my gay brothers and scram
culmann's package are you really gay are
you faking it about time you make a new
insta and go private I agree I'm kidding
I don't really care using Tanner's light
haha see at first I thought their
meaning like she's like only got
followers from me like the spotlight but
they're actually talking about the ring
light that's behind the camera right now
so you know it goes both ways
Taylor you only have followers from
Nathan do you approve of Tanner wanting
to join magcon she doesn't have a saying
that okay only he does
you are not thirteen holy SH what see
graduates in twenty so if I heard you in
18 I mean two years Jimmy means he's 14
but it would be fine if she's 13 if he's
14 so I don't know what his big concern
is uh I'm really my mind is learning bro
everybody wants to know if she's 13 and
because if you don't read the bye yeah
I'm a hundred percent sure that it says
it in her bio how the hell are you only
13 I'm pretty sure she looks 13 years
old as you asked me I sometimes forget
her age I think she's like 11 yeah so as
far as I'm concerned she hasn't aged for
two years exactly what's your snapchat
cutie she's got all these lesbians wait
didn't see who put it it was actually my
cousin Lily huh yo your answer my DM
maybe
shouldn't be in this video you're using
profanity just bleep me out you know
what I drove by a church on the way home
today I'm not taking it get out what
mascara do you use look what picture
this is on you can't give them too many
compliments on something that they use
literally those aren't even filters
snapchat it legit the dog filter and all
that Slim's your face down removes your
acne and like everything it's like also
fake take her swimming on the first date
I'm kidding this is honestly so boring
to read through like there's honestly
not that many bad ones I must say this
cuz Tanner is gonna make a video about
these comments so thing that was three
weeks ago he called it 3 weeks ago your
bros hair is bad but other than that
he's chill you better be talking about
him dude I actually looked so bad in my
last video in the beginning I look like
I had chickenpox in my last video you
look like Tristan in this you think she
looks like even this I think she looks
like herself I was here as a way to
search Instagram comments so I could
just type in disgusting things and find
them way faster it's the same people
over and over like these guys don't give
up then again phase boys can sisters
super hot so Mia if you're watching this
run you can actually leave now okay I
have acquired my sister's Instagram and
we are ready to go don't worry I'm not
trying to flirt lol but you're really
pretty and what are you trying to do yep
a ton of Kenya's Tanner this haze and
what's your snapchat hey I love your
brother aw
and you're cute actually this one's okay
he's kind of cute too you're freaking
hot with the wrong you're let's check
out his profile oh he's got a flipping
video
getting the doubles down not bad you
know what we'll see after you land some
doubles maybe you can start talking to
her after you do some triples I don't
know we'll see though it's sad to see
how many people are disappointed when
they find out my sister's 13
I guess I've reached the maximum number
of DMS or something it only goes back to
four weeks ago I don't know why but I
can't scroll any farther down there
wasn't that many bad ones at all
actually just a lot of the same stuff
hey
snapchat compliments you know but yeah
that pretty much does it for this video
kind of a different video I thought this
would be fun they didn't get his free
keys I thought which is actually a good
thing so yeah that pretty much does it
for this video guys thank you so much to
everybody that stuck to the end thank
you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe to you
and I'll see you guys the next one peace
out
yes
