what's going on guys today first of all
I wasn't going to make this video at all
I had a different video plan for today
but the situation has just gone on a lot
longer than I thought it would and you
know I want you guys to know everything
that's going on in my life so I'm just
gonna kind of inform you on the
situation so it all started at my house
I was on my YouTube one day you know
just checking out my pages to see my
views and stuff and then I went to my
channel in the top-right corner there's
a PayPal icon basically it was a
donation link and I didn't set it up it
was under a guy's name like Travis or
something then I noticed on my
annotations were changed at the end of
my videos there was like links to this
guy's jewelry website so immediately you
know I changed my password to my YouTube
account and I changed the links in the
annotation thought okay I guess that's
it I was still a little bit skeptic but
I knew you know my passwords to my
different social medias were different
so I didn't think I had that much to
worry about
and YouTube does not let you change the
email associated with your account so I
couldn't change that email and all this
happened after I got hacked on Twitter I
got my Twitter hacked and then I got it
back but I'm 90% sure the guy that
hacked my Twitter got it through my
email so you use my email to get into my
YouTube and everything like that because
emails are like easy to hack into if you
know what you're doing and you know
that's what happens when you go from
being a normal person to being you know
a youtuber like celebrities they have
emails like a B X 74 doughnut you know
something completely random that a
hacker would not know about and mine was
Tanner underscore Brown garter yahoo
comm like he could get in so easy and
this never even dawned on me this give
me a problem I just didn't worry about
it so I was like you know whatever this
happened to my Twitter we got it back
it's all gonna be fine so I just leave
it alone
and then this is when I went to Tanner
Fox's house it was like the second or
third day there I went on my computer in
the morning when I woke up at Tanner's
house just to check my youtube again and
then this time one of my thumbnails was
changed on one of my videos it was the
insane trampoline setup video it was
just a random picture so I changed it
back and I was like okay what then I was
like okay I should probably check my
privacy you know see what's been
happening in my account so I went on my
account history and checked like what's
been logged in and stuff and then
there's stuff in like Tennessee he
showed me his IP address his phone
number and all this stuff I don't know
if any of that was actually his because
he could have just put in fake stuff
somehow I'm not sure about that so I
changed that and I set up 2-step
verification for my YouTube account
which basically means they have to text
you a code for you to be able to log in
anywhere so I set that up and locked him
out and stuff from then on my YouTube is
fine like I had no other problems with
it up until like a few days ago but I'm
gonna talk about that a little bit
basically I got my YouTube fixed and
then my Twitter got hacked again he
logged into my Twitter he leaked my
number he kept putting his PayPal link
in the link to this phony jewelry
website saying go use code Tanner and
get all this money off whatever he's
trying to trick people into thinking
like I'm telling you guys go buy
something which I'm guessing is
completely against the law like I don't
know how any of this hasn't been
resolved
I'll get into that too so I leaked his
number as well you know trying to get
him just annoyed so I could get my
Twitter back and I actually ended up
getting my Twitter back I got to step
verification on it and I got my new
email hooked up with it that's just a
completely random email so my Twitter
was good and I was using that to
communicate with you guys and keep you
updated if you follow me on Twitter and
Instagram you already know something
about the situation so at this time I
was like okay I got my Twitter I got my
YouTube now I got to get my instagrams
to make sure it's safe I had no weird
activity on it up until then I logged
into my Instagram and I said there was
weird activity on my account that had
been logged in in other places you know
I tried to change my password an email
and everything well then all of a sudden
it kicked me out of my account and I was
like what do I do
then I remembered I hooked my Facebook
up with it so I logged into my facebook
you know and I got back in one last time
and I went to edit profile and stuff
you'd already changed my email profile
picture deleted my bio deleted a ton of
pictures basically he wasn't even trying
to steal my Instagram account he was
just trying to make me mad you know make
it to where I couldn't use it anymore
just try to piss me off well this time
me and my mom contacted one of the guys
we met out in California part of the
reason why I went down to California was
for business stuff also to collab with
Tanner Fox and all those other youtubers
and all this happened while I was with
Tanner Fox he was buying his GTR and I
was filming for him so it was like super
stressful so I was trying to help him I
had my MacBook out trying to solve all
this using his hotspot because my phone
is blown up from phone calls from you
guys because he leaked my number and of
course people are gonna call me and I
also tried to make it a positive I
actually answered some of you guys's
face times answered you guys's phone
calls and I made it into a video but I
accidentally deleted all that footage or
else it would be in this video
so that really frickin sucks but it's
alright so I was in the car with his hot
spot using my macbook and answering face
times and recording it and doing all
that at the same time I was trying to
solve all this and trying to help him
film which I didn't really help that
much just because I was so busy and you
know he understood he's like dude you're
gonna be fine
same thing happened to me like a year
ago I got my back it was all okay so I
was really stressing out but I was also
like
okay it's going to be fine you know
we're gonna get it back I didn't really
know that for sure but I was just what
people were telling me so so back to
what I was saying about the Instagram
thing we called this guy named Max and
he had direct contacts to Instagram and
YouTube in them so we started emailing
them and calling them and then
eventually my Instagram got deleted
completely and then we got it recovered
in under an hour
because they got help from Max I didn't
really have any problems the rest the
California trip you know I thought
everything was good to go I'm all safe
all my stuff secure basically all this
had happened because I grew really fast
on YouTube and I've heard that usually
they're supposed to have a person at
YouTube and all this stuff that you know
helps you with your account keeps it
secure obviously because you're going to
have a big target on your back but
whatever okay back to what I was saying
you know we got home we thought we had
it all figured out I logged on to my
YouTube account I went into my video
manager and it said my videos were
unable to be monetized
I was like what the heck what's wrong I
didn't have any copyright strikes or
anything and so I didn't know what was
wrong I was like okay then it has to be
this hacker you know he got back on my
account somehow whatever so then I went
to Adsense which is how you get paid for
your YouTube videos and it said that my
adsense account had been unlinked from
my YouTube so I tried to log in you know
with my YouTube stuff cuz it's all
connected through Google and it said
that your YouTube account is not linked
with Keeney adsense account and then I
was like well what the heck so then I
called you know everybody tried to get
it figured out later that day I went on
and I said it cannot be associated with
any so basically we found out that the
hacker was redirecting all my income and
he was putting it straight into his
adsense account which would go straight
into his bank account so he was
basically stealing all of my money okay
this is how YouTube works you get paid
every month on the 21st for most
youtubers that's how it works you get
paid for ads and you know
works well he didn't mess with my
account until that day like he waited
till payday to change everything over so
I wouldn't notice and then he basically
just got you know all the money in my
account and we still haven't got this
figured out and I do not know why we
have I got it figured out Google is just
such a screwed up system it doesn't make
any sense to me how in this world full
of technology they can't just transfer
all my stuff back over to me log into
Google log into YouTube whatever see
okay he was hacked
they stole money transfer my hard-earned
money back to me unlike him find out
where he lives you know do whatever they
want to do I'm not exactly sure what
legal actions we can take or what
YouTube can take but I'm telling you
right now if we can't take any I'm
definitely going to it just really
pisses me off that it's been a week and
a half with very little help besides my
manager that's why I hired him max he's
my new manager and his circle of friends
and he's working with to try to help me
thank you guys so much but I don't know
if I'm gonna get transferred my money
back I'm guessing I will because it
really doesn't make any sense that he
can just steal that money and they keep
it but I mean if he spends it then I
guess I won't get it back and he'll go
to prison though so I guess that's pay
enough for me and I don't even care
about the money that much it just pisses
me off that he's been trying to screw
with my life and he's basically just
turned my whole world upside down this
last week and a half so my account was
and still is not able to be monetized
and I still posted yesterday I posted
the water bottles trickshot video it
didn't matter to me that my account
wasn't monetizing I wasn't gonna make
any money off of it I just wanted a
video out for you guys to watch and
enjoy but I just hope they get it all
figured out and it just blows my mind
because people that are that smart if
they use their mind for good they could
be bridge they could do whatever they
wanted to if you use that brain for good
I don't even know you could be so
capable of helping the world yourself
you'd be living a very happy life but
now you're probably going to go to
prison because you like to screw with me
which I've done nothing wrong
speaking of doing nothing wrong I got
pulled over for the third time last
night I'll get over that
other time whatever hopefully this guy
gets in trouble because it just really
makes me mad so basically right now I
still don't have my adsense account
linked to my bank account we're still
trying to get that figured out but I'm
not getting answers and it's just so
frustrating even PewDiePie himself
doesn't get the right treatment like
he's made videos complaining about
Google and YouTube all the time saying
how they don't do this and that right
and he's completely right like I
couldn't agree with him more the last
thing that happened I was broadcasting
on you-now the other night I was doing
fan mail opening and my mom opened the
door she's had like a super worried and
mad look on her face and I was like oh
god what did I do like I didn't think I
do anything wrong
and then she's just like in the
broadcast so I had to end it real quick
I had to in my frickin broadcast full of
hundreds of viewers while I was opening
people's fan mail you know we were
having a good time hour long stream
someone had called with an anonymous
phone number probably the same freaking
guy and he said that I was suicidal so
this compound to come down and talk to
me is like oh you know sir asylum
youtubers should not have this you
shouldn't be able to call the police and
then have the police disrupt whatever
that person is doing just because
someone said something like because at
any time someone could be like oh hey
PewDiePie says he's suicidal you better
go ring his doorbell and disrupt
whatever he's doing to make sure he's
not why do you show up at my house if
someone calls and say that like I'm from
a small town I'm pretty sure like
everybody in my talent knows what I do
and it just doesn't make any sense to me
why this problem isn't fixed yet it's
obviously having a lot of youtubers it's
called being swatted where you know like
the SWAT team comes in I mean I guess
it's a safety thing a cops supposed to
do it whatever but you know this is just
my little rant video I don't know why
they don't have stuff fixed and I'm just
fired up because it's still not fixed
it's still a problem my life that's been
going on for a week and a half now how
hard of a solution could it be whatever
anyway I changed my phone number and
stuff I Ross I would do another
facetiming fans video I need an orange
juice yeah I will keep you guys updated
on the situation I still don't know when
I'm gonna get stuff fixed we're trying
really hard I'll keep you guys updated
but that's basically for this video
thank you to everybody that stuck to the
end of my rant because it's probably not
a fun video to watch but I just needed
to say this you guys know what's going
on in my life and you know why I haven't
been able to upload just because my
account wasn't secure and I didn't know
like what's going to happen to my videos
are they am I going to upload them and
they're just going to get like striked
and shut down but it's just super
annoying and I want to get it fixed but
that's basically it for this video you
guys think you guys so much for watching
don't forget leave a like share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if you
knew and I'll see you guys the next one
and cue the awesome new outro
yes
