I'm peeing what's up guys I look really
bad right now because I just woke up and
we just got back into Kansas is like the
first morning since we got back right
now we're about to go pick up my car
that I messed up when I went over a dip
going like 40 mile an hour it like
busted the front end and moved
everything back and it's like I don't
really know but I already said this in a
video I mess it up but we're about to go
get it right now
ever since the Guns & Roses concert
check it out oh boy oh boy oh yeah we're
getting my mom's car right now we're
about to go get my car I got this
lanyard and fan mail by the way it
matches the Guns and Roses thing in my
car since it's like black with red
stitching inside but yeah I haven't been
able to drive it in like three weeks
just because we've been all over the
place and I'm only here for a short
while again hopefully online school
doesn't take up too much of my time but
I graduate a year early from high school
because I'm doubling up on classes so
hopefully that doesn't interfere with my
upload being every other day sometimes I
try to upload daily but it's just a big
freakin mess
yeah I'm going to a party at my
grandparents tonight they have this like
every year they call it a family reunion
but it's just a bunch of old people
getting drunk and then we just mess
around those kids
my mom said there was kids at my door
this morning like 10:30 banging on the
door doing backflips in our front yard
like thank you guys for watching the
videos and stuff but it's still our
house our property and we're still
sleeping like and I'm guessing if you're
a big enough of a fan to know my address
and drive to my house then you probably
follow me on Twitter or whatever and you
know that I was in an airport all night
and we just got home really late I mean
I love meeting you guys but it's
different when you're at my house and
here's some kids screaming bunny but
yeah just respect our house my family
doesn't want to get bugged by what I do
even though they are a part of it you
know just be respectful I feel like it
dad
like we really love you yeah hopefully
you guys can hear me all right I'm still
filming on the new vlog camera just
because I don't want to bring around my
big camera there's stuff like this like
getting my car and stuff and I'm sorry
about the bad lighting it's just bad but
yeah we will see you guys when we're
getting my new car well it is new but
it's about what you're like yeah it is
like getting it all over again now it's
fixed and I can't wait to drive it oh my
god oh and also guys check out the new
clickbait shirt even though it needs
iron right now I love it there it is
there it is oh my gosh
whenever I got in that little mini crash
this lid of this console literally broke
off and it was like dangling right here
they even cleaned it up and everything
because it was super dirty back here
okay so I'm all out of gas you got to go
get gas real quick but then we're gonna
go check the PIO box it's been a little
bit over a week since I've checked it so
I'm guessing there's gonna be a lot of
packages just like whenever I went to
Luke's for six days there was just tons
whenever I got back so it's Saturday and
the post office is closed but I mean we
can still go inside and get the stuff
and I'm dark right now there's probably
a lot of packages that I have to go up
front for but I can't do that cuz no
one's here
now this is stuffin easy to pick up yeah
see that stuff that's too big to fit
holy cow we got a little damaged in
shipping
I bet the post office guys love you our
basement is gonna look like Roman Atwood
alright now we got to find out how we're
getting it all this into my car so after
several trips we've got them but again
thank you so much to everybody to send
stuff it's awesome I read every letter
packages will be open on video and yeah
see you home look who showed up I need
to put a shirt on just getting on Tanner
foot daddy run guard you can't tell me
what to do how you doing Tristan gay as
always awesome Justin a quick interview
okay were you lying about being gay this
one yes it is all a joke there you have
it I do this all the time no don't when
the microwave is on the Wi-Fi doesn't
work yeah my house is screwed up anyway
wait wait some of me mmm that's bad lady
okay my camera on the door yeah we are
back living the Kansas life for right
now I still want to live in California
but California smells and there's mean
people to honk at you every time you go
out you know you have some explaining to
do well you have an Afghan is true floor
mat so the guys that fix my car put it
in there cuz they're nice Oh gig mention
air conditioning on old windows damn
come out to die I asked this question on
my video but do you think my Jeep or
Tanner's challenger would win in a race
I they'd be pretty close I'm gonna race
Tanner Foxx whenever he comes to Kansas
if he drives this car he'll probably fly
never mind anyway you could just put his
car on the plane and then look he could
just like trapped on the wing Orson
we'll let you know later good night all
right we are at my grandma's house right
now you're so talented
anyway this is my cousin Lily this is my
well sister tricky my president Taylor
you're the better I'm gonna go out on
the trampoline to do some basic tricks
the host yourself how are you good I'm
gonna go throw down on the trampoline
see you in a little bit
Oh God kaboom you do a backflip oh I'll
do a double pole I can't really do
anything trampolines really bad nice
show
my shoes are holding me back I give up
it like just got done flooding here so
the graphical muddy and they put my
feeding let's go do a quick muscle up
oh it's all up to Logan bottom of the
ninth bases loaded in Oh No spaghetti
gonna die today
oh so few more
oh I will oh by the way this was my
tripod
Harambee how's it going there buster
show us what you got my turn
three I'm going to go one two three four
one two three four
dude I'm going die that's that killed me
no the slice no oh here we go
finally so long we believe like
right wait could even see that no it is
morning I'm shirtless and I'm too lazy
to fix my hair and I'm going back to my
grandma's gonna need to get a thumbnail
for that video and yeah also I got a new
channel art my friend Jeremy Thomas
hooked me up with it his instagrams
right here he's an awesome guy so if you
like photography and stuff go follow him
you'll love his post but right now I'm
gonna go get that thumbnail and that
pretty much does it for this video sorry
about the wind but that you guys so much
for watching don't forget leave a like
share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
you
