what is he lonely guys today we were
back and today I hope you guys are all
having a great day guess what everyone
the room is lit 2nd Kate Upton she's
gone she's dead to me she's married now
to some baseball player flips we're not
enough for her but yeah I got the big
picture set up this one's not bad
Tristan is bent let me see that haircut
again come on come on
Oh use those eyes as cute we got some
new merchants I haven't even mentioned
it in a video and it's already selling
like do you hear that you hear that sign
come on let's get close
it's crackling all day and I touch it
the other day shocked the shit out of me
already said that ever but if you guys
want the black tank line shirt you can
put it under your blue Tang Clan hoodie
you just open up a new tab and go over
to see Berger calm and is right there
enjoy playing video games in my room so
yeah today I'm about to go pick up my
friend Jake brashears and one more kid
from the Meetup his name is Jayden
hopefully it is not dark by the time we
get back it's about 4 o'clock you go
outside she's like let me explore that
attic bro and I think the plan is even
though it is 18 degrees to break some
trampoline world records today not
official because we don't have a judge I
don't think they're flying out of Kansas
this was just a last-minute decision
some abouts gonna pick them up and I
will give you guys one attic update
today okay that's all I won't annoy you
too much but we got a lot of food the
fridge is full well it was but we ate
some stuff I would be wearing my
Christmas hoodie today but my dogs got
ahold of it I found it in the yard whoa
I just tried to turn on my Challenger
and now there's some blinking lights out
do this to me I know it's cold come on
fight bro it's animation he know he's
there we go to jakey's holy foam my god
oh my look at the gap between my car and
my mom's truck I just floored it out of
the driveway cuz I'm in a rush my beep
sensor didn't go out I literally almost
hit my mom's truck there's the beeps wow
thanks we sure are off to a good start
he actually started to snow last night
as well but then it quit I got excited
for nothing I was really hoping we could
do like trampoline Turks in the snow
again that's like my favorite video to
make the cops hate me so I'm not gonna
vlog and drive so I'll see you guys
whenever we get there
Kevin Bruce years dude the Sun is gonna
set my home I'm doing yeah hi Colin guys
this crack baby right there time to
skirt home and beat the sunset which
we're not gonna do heating trampoline
world records in the dark I guess the
Sun is gone man it just got WAY colder
if it was windy I would not be outside
we got this we're moving it to the tower
because the tower is so safe and I don't
think it'll fall on the trampoline at
all go go go go world-record flip before
my legs fall off you're in shorts Wow
ladies and gentlemen Colin German blink
in description actually all these guys
links will be in the description by the
way probably have to continue this in
the morning when it's a little bit
lighter but I mean we could try for like
one the page will load them up phones at
one percent come on my phone is way too
cold it just doesn't want to work I'm
guessing no one's got more than like 30
something right let's just say 25 right
he's gonna time it guys too
six seven
13:14
so hi okay that was 15 in 15 seconds so
and that's in the dark world record
three two one go
17 in 16 seconds it's so hard in the
dark I know if you guys want some height
just jump from the fifth story you know
to the heater fans anyone yeah
trampolines are for gay kids anyways
getting jumps Oh your hands let no God
that's outside hey guys you can't be
trampling world records when it's
negative 69 and dark but we did set the
record for most backflips in 16 seconds
in the dark in the cold with Donnie so
why don't you all go out to eat and take
your sister we have food in the Attic
we're going on date it's getting
annoying okay okay sure love you Donny
so I've kind of already said that I was
gonna get the Lambo but what do you guys
think Lambo or p1 Lambo we're playing
Forza right now I'm just admiring it I
showed them pictures of the one I'm
currently looking at because I want to
get it soon when I set my mind to
something that kind of just always
happened you guys probably already know
the color of it so there's no point to
show the picture if you're in the tan
clan you know just a mac and cheese
almost done scared me
fuckin I'm gonna Christie on the phone
okay we got two pots of mac and cheese
thank you very much this is actually
called grandma's macaroni my mom got the
recipe from her I don't know a few years
ago where's the recipe are you gonna
give it to me someday how do you know it
not fair thank you very much I will go
tell the rest yeah their gourmet meal is
ready look hello is ready who's got her
clickbait bear where's clickbait tights
I want to see him oh my god yeah it's
like long underwear
you go girl I'll move the stripper beads
do your deep voice for the vlog yeah
what's up everybody today we would be
welcome to my attic I can only do it a
little yes Craig baby in the Attic oh
that's great
Luna let us eat and then I'll have you
come up okay I promise I'll carry you up
here you'll finally get to see it my
dogs react to the app just be patient I
think one at a time if Lunas not too
crazy then we bring up rose good I'll
probably have you stand behind me and
push on my back so don't fall in case
you squirms and then I'll have someone
up here like ready to take her
it's gonna be a real mission hurry up
the door it's cold and look they want to
get the Attic she's going straight for
it she wants up stop she's squirming
like a fish out of water right she stop
squirming thank you well we got her yes
Lina how do you like it what do you
think give us your emotions this is what
we've been working on this is why I
haven't been able to snuggle with you as
much yeah she's actually being chill
okay one rule Luna do not fall through
that hole okay she's not going crazy
she's enjoying it she's soaking it all
roses more chill I think we're gonna get
her up to something bad going to bed
there you go good girl yeah we're gonna
go get rose we'll be right back they're
having at you loo nose behind this I
don't know how she did it but I know I
see where she got Luna yeah she cannot
be trusted there anymore
we're gonna attempt Rose with this role
here I'm gonna set it up top roses
heavier for sure you made it rose new
conclusion Luna is way too hyper to be
up here she just ran behind the curtain
again he went on the yellow stuff
thankfully she does not weigh very much
but us humans would definitely fall
through and land on the concrete Luna
Luna get back here hey hey why are you
so fast quit stop do not make me regret
bringing you up here
now-now-now
boosters
ah man I was too concerned with my dog
safety to make the joke that you guys
need to wipe your paws well we've had
our fun operation get the dog goes down
I tried to carry him down earlier but
they freaked out right when I got near
this so we have a mattress and then the
beanbag down there you can see it in my
mom and then this is Donnie the guy mom
went out with he's awesome he's gonna
hand me a dog for sure yeah we're just
talking about it it's super easy I don't
even care if the ceilings ugly and it's
not like wood and looks like cool like
paper it's fine
as long as it's warm yeah so this will
be paper looking I guess but it's okay
because we're gonna put posters in
between these slots like we were gonna
do it with Albert but he just looks so
good right there so all of this will be
covered it'll just be dope really Luna
really we just got you down that's right
this attic is basically a never-ending
project but I love it that's why I made
it we're working on it for like 12 hours
in and I had to get this video up and I
was like dang but then I was like it's
just a project with my friends so that's
basically what it is and I hope you guys
love it as much as I do
for now we'll keep this mattress crammed
here to try to keep us warm for the
night but it is freezing cold so I'm
gonna pick up this vlog current-day
tomorrow morning when we're actually
gonna do some trampoline stuff for the
three of these young men do online
school so they can actually stay over
yeah see you when the Sun is not down
the world record for backflip to your
knees and then front flip off your knees
is 19 times in one minute
easy peasy squeezy lemon let's go good
morning guys we slept in the Attic it
was absolutely freezing still definitely
getting that insulation soon and now we
have some light so we're gonna try to
set some world records on these
trampolines I think I can do that
backflip Nev whatever one I think I can
do it alright just start the timer as
soon as I do my first backflip
no that actually seems crazy cuz you get
super dizzy there's no way I could do
that for a minute straight it's too cold
I can't even breathe though
five six 1819 keep going keep going you
have 20 seconds left you did the world
record you one more and you beat it one
more yeah yeah fifteen seconds to spare
that was some easy stuff because we have
a guy with stamina here let's go for
thirty backflips in a minute I don't
know the actual record probably no one
does and starting here we go two three
four five
9 10 28 29 30 keep going 31 but
you had 24 seconds remaining : that was
pretty good it's super impressive
because it is really cold and you get
dizzy like please go out and try it see
if you can beat it I guess we'll just
end off this vlog with the trampoline
edit
in the hole
Oh
Oh scary
ah the ground is concrete this man
Superman oh don't try it again sigh
order it again not last time don't break
your elbow okay
oh yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it - guess I'm watching leave a
like for dolphin tights and don't feel
like each other friends be enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
the next one and also don't forget to
check out their instagrams will be a
link in the description they're crazy
you came in looking like that you just
made bitch
