what's going on guys I am filming this
on the canon g7x the new camera got the
little gang today we are in California
still we're in LA I just left Tanner's
house right now we're gonna go see some
more Lamborghinis I'm with my family all
right hey hi how are you and then we're
gonna go to Venice Beach after I've
never been to Venice Beach and I've
really wanted to because you know it's
on grand theft auto 5 and a lot of video
games that I've played and I just I just
want to see it yeah let me know about
the quality of this vlogging camera it
looks pretty fun from what I can tell
yeah I'll see you guys at the
Lamborghini store hey you got a
convertible I might be able to afford
this one oh my gosh
I remember seeing that on Tony Hawk's
American wasteland a game I used to play
all day long all right we're headed the
walk of fame right now and then we're
gonna go to the Hollywood sign and then
I think we're gonna go to Venice Beach
as well right world-first they never
have my name on anything actually
combined so right
Wow okay well the walkway involved
walking so we're almost to the Hollywood
sign look you can't see there's just a
bunch of trees but you can kind of see
it there but we're gonna try to get as
close as we can to it I've seen people
climb on top of it and get arrested and
stuff so we're not gonna do that okay so
there's the Hollywood sign we're gonna
try to park somewhere and walk up to it
residents only well good thing I just
moved here II Taylor here's a copy and
is evading oh no they might tell us to
leave and then we leave it'd be funny
watch out for the residents it's almost
like she should be used to it she
purposely bought a house they're kind of
funny though all right where we going
Venice Beach
well it's are you getting too dark so
we're not gonna be able to make it at
the beach in time like it'll already be
dark by then so we're just going to go
eat then we're going to go back to the
hotel but we will make it to Venice
Beach soon this video is basically just
me derping around in LA I guess I what's
going on guys it is morning now we
couldn't go to Venice Beach yesterday
because it just got too dark as I think
I already said but we're heading there
right now I just did an unboxing with my
family well siblings that video is
actually really funny go check it out
especially if you like memes cuz they
got really bored while I was editing and
decided to throw a couple in there but
yeah we're gonna go to Venice Beach mess
around there go shopping probably put
much of shopping but then we're going to
go to a youtuber party just want to like
hide in the back some more attached
whenever I was editing the video you're
always in the back like ignore the
beeping car in the back but this is what
we do for an Instagram picture
everybody asks where's his mom she's
usually behind the camera okay so we
just went shopping we're on our way to
Venice Beach well we're almost there
there's a lot more traffic in real life
than GTA 5 and most the other video
games I don't like it
goodbye it smells illegal here can I
take a selfie that take selfies okay see
you later thank you hi well I'm leaving
because my family didn't want to come
with me and I'm just really bored and I
can't find any of this stuff we're like
Roman and Casey then we're like swinging
around and stuff and all the buff guys
made me discouraged and I just want to
cry okay I have shaved between my
eyebrows and we're heading to a youtuber
party so I feel quite special there's
YouTube like the YouTube space for what
is it like a place where creators can go
and make stuff cool play button I still
don't have mine they haven't even sent
me the email that asked if I want it yet
so it's not an email it's like a little
notification thing on your channel but
yeah I still haven't gotten that so that
kind of sucks but it's okay
we're important people we get this gift
of the phone I'm feeling special I know
thank you
I'm already scared
Brendon hello this guy's like the king
of vine so they've got like turf laid
out with blankets and stuff it's pretty
cool big giant projector there's like
tons of random people here but then
there's like lots of YouTube stars I
don't know I feel like I'm halfway in
the middle of like being a normal person
and then being a youtuber so I don't
know by the way I don't know how good
you can hear on this because I'm filming
on my new camera I don't really know how
it works yet Rocco
650,000 but I grew
I love the channel so we met magic of
rahat we got to find Vitaly and Dennis
Roady
but like you
Battaglia did not look like me everybody
knows follow their people
wrong Guardian wrong
it's a hard name to draw - Sally what's
up okay hopefully you can hear me a
little better out here
because I'm away from the music and
stuff so I met all those youtubers did a
lot of minors here - it's pretty cool
yeah she's with supergravity - people
that made this all possible so say your
name
Caroline Belle there you go she doesn't
get enough exactly she doesn't get
enough credit guys yeah
they scare you on the way out too hi
guys we're leaving the event right now
it was just fun to see everybody relax
and just meet all the fans and new
people I'm going to guns and roses
tomorrow I'll probably just make a vlog
like throughout the day and put there a
little bit of that in because I don't
know if I legally can put very much in
yeah that should be fun you know if I
mean I play guitar hero I obviously like
Guns and Roses I used to listen to their
music ever since I was just a little kid
and they were never a band like they
split up so for those of you they don't
know they got back together and we get
front row seats so it's gonna be sweet
I'm not going yeah it's just me and my
mom all right guys so it's the next day
I know this video is kind of like all
over the place but I edited it all
morning long and right now we're heading
out to the Guns and Roses concert I
figured I'd put this in the end of the
video just to like not make a whole
other video because I don't know how
much I'll be able to record I just about
got in the back seat I haven't got front
seat this whole trip because my
brother's been with us oldest always
gets their way and it's dirty all right
let's go walking up to the stadium right
now probably gonna buy some church first
before they get all like picked over and
such then we will head down to the pit
we're sitting in the pit like it's
technically front row but it's
technically not because people can get
in the way and move and stuff we'll
fight people the only place to be in a
rock concert exactly the 7 year old
dream coming true right here yeah we are
here this is a huge Stadium
Oh
where's the dog slap
Oh
you
you
ha ha
alright guys so the concert was made
possible by this act called SeatGeek so
it's basically an app where you find the
data when you want to go to something
then you scroll down and you find the
event you want to go to and then once
you click on that there's just a ton of
season it shows the whole stadium and
stuff you can choose whatever see you
want to go to then once you find the
seat that you want you can go ahead and
choose a payment option you have the
option to put in a promo code and if you
use the promo code Tanner you get $20
off your first order so it's pretty
sweet so yeah you guys should definitely
go check them out if you're going to
concerts all the time it's just a really
helpful app and I like it a lot so yeah
back to the video I relieve in the hotel
and yeah we're going back to Kansas had
fun here but I'm ready to be back home
because I haven't do my car in a long
time but I'm ready to be back home at
least for a little while and yeah yeah
so much for watching don't forget leave
lecture at friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you do and I'll see you
guys next one peace out
