run guardians hello and welcome to the
show today I'm gonna be opening your
packages that have been sent to me
through the mail but wait where are the
packages now that my daily concussion is
over let's get started wait here's too
much mail to do it by myself I'm here to
help and sing what's going on guys today
i'm here with my demon killer and i
thought you're calling me a demon killer
first no but yeah i got back from
Maryland and Virginia and I realized I
haven't done a peel box opening yet and
we had a lot of freaking packages so
thank you guys so much for that there's
like a ton of letters let me show you
how many there's a lot of letters these
days and there's just way too many to
read on camera and you know some of its
personal I've already said this a
million times so I'm not gonna be
reading these on camera I mean you can
still send them and definitely still
gonna read them all but yeah let's get
started let me go put my book back let's
start this one off with a bang I just
dab my couch this couch isn't a demon
okay so we're gonna start off with this
and we'll just take turns he has like a
small pile and I have the big boxes oh
it's not funny you're gonna rip up this
guy Oh before we chew it is a sticky
guess trampoline oh no these are really
good though Oh anyway I have no idea
what the forget is so mm bubble wrap I
had some of that outside still no wait
do you look at that
there's a letter on the back of it felis
at Tanner YouTube this is freaking cool
I love the design the galaxy design
probably gonna put this up in my room
and I need to make a fan art wall where
I just line my wall in my room with your
guys's stuff I should probably do that
soon I'm just freaking beyond busy right
now but I will get it done eventually I
don't know where to set this I did it on
your fridge thank you so much for this
and if you guys send really cool stuff
like this sometimes I'll read the letter
I guess I'll read this one but right on
here like reading video or something
like that
oh it's gold on the inside even good
handwriting well to the one and only
Tanner flip Daddy bro hey Tanner my name
is Mack
I live in North Carolina and I'm a huge
fan I've been watching your videos for a
while now you're my biggest babe every
day biggest babe every daddy Branca the
first video I ever saw of yours was how
to do a double backflip on a trampoline
when you were just a little baby
my favorite video of yours was the water
bottle trick shots video I actually
really loved that video - it's in my
personal favorites playlist on my
channel I also love your night
shenanigans sorry if I spelled that
wrong I was a good video because it was
super funny and weird yeah we should
probably make more of those where's your
helmet you're unsafe Quinton 2015 by the
way I'm working on a Tanner burger funny
moments video I hope you like this
painting I drew a while back for my
number one daddy anyway I love you so
much and keep it up daddy and I drew a
dick right there nice thank you so much
Matt this is honestly so freakin cool
it's my first painting I believe this
one's pretty heavy for a little thing
this one feels so weird they're that hot
and blue I know same with this one you
guys think it's funny watching a
struggle to open pees this person sent a
letter in this oh hey we got us a new
knife it's things like the rugged I love
you it's almost the same as this one
oh what's that a novel and a picture
let's make it to read pile right here
you two over three hundred thousand
subscribers it's like five hundred and
sixty thousand right now I think at
Tannenberg art and then they put all my
social media stuff and then you put the
dog builder that is so cool and then the
diamond shirt that looks so awesome yeah
this is from Madison thank you so much
Madison yeah the knife is inside of this
this in another knife another knife and
they said a marble - whoa look at the
ring light in the marble that looks so
cool so cool
it's like an eyeball but they sit a tiny
little knife I can do shank people with
this I never suspected thanks see this
is tearing because okay ah why you
ruined it okay all those knives in the
marble was from Ashton so thank you so
much Ashton gonna read your letter later
I got it to read pile right here oh
these are the Cheetos like the new white
cheetah you got the guitar pick you got
a guitar pick I think that's big that is
all they drew bleach on the back of this
one but thank you for the guitar pick
though John Booga starburst juicy fruit
bubblegum just a candle oh so it is a
candle factory this is from Bobby
Ratliff 100% soy candles and melts hand
poured with love I'll go get the lighter
oh this does smell so good looks like it
smells like vanilla it does smell good
no really
I'm a genius their company is antique
anchors I need this because the bar
carpet smell it still smells horrible
why do I have something that's flammable
he burnt my carpet what should we do the
magic trick where we blow it out and
light it back Oh magic let's go put this
back because I'm gonna use it later and
I'm gonna track a smoke ii vape it later
why do you have all the big ones Oh
again with the friggin hot glue there's
a lot of stuff in this one a police
badge oh yeah you can just pull it out
and say I'm a cop too nor they pull you
over and then they'll leave yeah yeah I
got pulled over for a second time um I
forgot to turn my lights on but they
gave me another warning so I've been
pulled over twice in the last two weeks
and gun two warning so whatever it's
dark out you need headlights apparently
yeah I'll get that but the streets were
lit up I couldn't even tell so annoying
but yeah now I know what I'm gonna be
for Halloween so thank you so much or
you know what you're gonna be we're both
late tonight we're not doing this a
bouncy ball there's something in here oh
it is thank you for the for bouncy balls
Fredrik I'm gonna juggle three of them I
don't you know you could juggle
I don't even juggle the right way but I
can't they're too small yeah all these
are still from Fredrik by the way open
first open gently photo inside way to
spoil it just gentle enough with Adric
refresher Patrick that's me this is like
a super high quality photo - hi tanner
my name is Fredrik I'm 11 your videos
always make me laugh your videos
bringing me up you have inspired me to
make my own YouTube channel will you
sign the picture and send it back I will
sign this but guys don't keep sending
stuff that I need to send back because
you'll find out soon that I'm gonna be
busy as Frick and you probably will not
be able to like get your stuff back so
don't send anything that you want back I
hope you could understand and he said
this looks like it came from like All
Star Sports winner is this one of these
like bats it is a baseball bat he
probably went to all-star sports right
before he sent this
there's a trumpet this is a dog toy not
a baseball bat ah do it again
thanks again Frederic building a balloon
Jolly Rancher and a balloon and whoa
this is like the craziest place that
I've ever seen
just like by put together yeah what the
heck and more bracelets and more Jolly
Ranchers thanks Alex
nice next this one is from Adam Johnson
let me see it
I got that oh that's how to get it
started welcome to the salty spitoon
outs up all right now tough enough to
open a bag of mail maybe the robotic
weenie hut juniors will do it for you oh
my god this is legit the hardest package
I read open though there's a lot of
stuff in here
what is that this is stapler and a
stapler remover it's still in the
packaging why maybe I use that to staple
the fan art to the wall maybe they're
hinting something a big fake $100 bill
do people think we know how to reason
it's summer and I'm a youtuber I don't
read okay why this is like
back-to-school stuff
I'm not even going back to school oh
these are one of these things that you
like wind out and throw and they go
really far and jump and bounce are you
talking that looks like a scooter wheel
okay wait wait watch this me wow what is
this
no way oh it's a gameboy Interborough
what's up my name is Adam Johnson I am
from Lake Havasu Arizona and I'm 12
years old look at that artwork on the
top there though I'm keeping this
scooter wheel for whatever I verse
Tanner Foxx in a scooter battle there's
a poster right here but I'm saving it
for last this one feels like bringing
candy I was right more gone and and more
guess what the next thing is yeah I
guess star birth
no it's band-aids I'm sending my special
brand of band-aids I hope you use them
well these are Hello Kitty you can see
through the red Thank You Aidan hole oh
boy hey this is actually a really cool
color I mean I don't watch football so I
don't know how much I'll wear this and
it looks really small and I have a big
head of hair I don't know if I'll wear
it but I'm definitely gonna put it in my
pile of hats I don't know whose son is
but somebody did oh I actually have some
of these dude these are all signed why
would you send this to me I actually
have like two of these downstairs these
little ones one of them's red socks and
one of them too
you see that I don't even watch baseball
ready I'm kidding
then they set a bracelet dude I have so
many of these now like it's not even
funny this is a cool color of pink
though hi tanner I'm a ten year old
named DJ munchkin I have a feeling that
is not your name I sent you Columbian
fireflies bat and ball signed by the
whole team I've been watching you since
200 subscribers and you always put a
smile on my face I will definitely be
buying some of your merchandise keep up
the good work PS my favorite clip of you
is your trampoline vs butter vid I like
that video too
thanks so much DJ maybe DJ's your name I
don't think munchkins a part of that but
thank you oh hey I actually need
sharpies I'm gonna go put these on my
desk downstairs but this one it matches
your shirt kind of I can't tell if this
is for like skiing or dance class
there's only one place for this that's
on the fridge haha
heck yeah I'm putting this little Mario
on my fridge Thank You Riley
I love this oh there's big hair dude
they literally took the time to cut out
my head and glue it and tape it to this
envelope oh boy you're on this one Quinn
do chainer my name is Brian polar eye
you probably can't say my last name
right you're probably right I can't pull
Larry this is from the polar I boys and
there's me and Quinn you look closely I
think there's a little triangle I think
I'm part of the Illuminati Oh oh so I
got the smiley face tattoo and then he
got the Illuminati tat wait where's your
tattoo it's right on my guys boob oh
thank you Paul ribose or Brian but it
this is fancy
Snapple lemon mix while you read this
we'll make him like that yeah hello my
name is Marin I live in Pennsylvania on
tenure I'm ten years old and I live in
Pennsylvania and I do dance I also do
flips and then they wrote a smiley face
and they sent balloons a lego guy a red
pin and then the mix that he's making
right now Thank You Marin if that's how
you say your name which I think it is it
said 16 ounces but I think this is free
clothes I think this is part of a
trampoline oh my god oh it looks like
dirt
my name is Tyler drink
I thought I would be the first person to
send you a piece of my trampoline but
can you please put this on you know what
I will put this on my shelf thank you so
much for a piece of your trampoline
Tyler you good oh it looks like dirt
yeah no cooties yeah that's like a
metallic taste it's so weird
Snapple what do you think it or maybe
she emptied it out put your I hope down
by normal Snapple I think it's amazing
but expensive I don't know how much it
is by no cost money it's not like
spending those oh my god no lemon no
there's no way that's the lemon it
tastes like bye or four but metal floor
but hey well I will throw that away
expose and throw the cup away this one
is from Lucas Fitzgerald I'm pretty sure
you've sent me something for Lucas
unless it's another Lucas but there's
only one Lucas in the world though I'm
sitting like a gentleman Wow an easy to
open package world's first thank you
Lucas you open that open this and we get
that poster open it better be another
Kate Upton poster or Jacob sartorius
poster Oh three more bracelets they drew
the musically logo that's all I'm
interested in
Thank You Jackson the paper this is tan
the man could be iron to any white
cotton t-shirt or tank top make sure to
wash it inside out so I can put this on
a shirt that's so freakin cool with that
well we put it on this one but this is
my born free and ready to party shirt um
let me go set this where I won't forget
then you put a little letter just enough
to make some noise mmm this is the
drawing of me in the car look at that
identical praying hands you know then I
got a tattoo Toby asleep
oh my god no way the freaking trampoline
versus water bed I'm the in the
background of the bleach bottle oh my
god that is so funny that's going on fan
wall do you channel my name is Thomas I
love your videos I really like this
style of editing you do yeah I'm super
picky about my editing I cannot stand it
Casey nice that's one of the only other
youtubers I can watch because just every
youtuber leaves in so much extra crap
that you just don't want to watch I play
basketball and during the offseason I'm
on my trampoline we're at trampoline
parks I can land a front flip and I'm so
close to double but I'm not allowed to
do doubles in the sky zone foampit sky
zone
come on you can't do doubles and just do
triples any put is musically that he
said not to read on camera see he's not
in it for the fame thank you so much
Thomas moment of truth
what if this cardboard is the poster
yeah
Sports Illustrated Kate Upton dude this
is going right next to the other one
holy freaking crap I'm about to go to
Walmart and get some little sticky thing
so I can put this on my wall or better
clean all this yeah look at this mess
although oh my gosh that'll be a lot of
fun but yeah thank you guys so much for
watching thank you so much to everybody
that sent stuff as always I'm trying to
not just do the crazy of interest type
videos cuz that's not what I want to do
with my channel some of that stuff is
fun to do like I have fun doing it and
filming it and making the videos for you
guys but also it's fun to just sit down
do videos like this and I also want to
be able to do other kinds of videos as
well so you guys so much for watching oh
if we could leave like share the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you knew and
I'll see you guys the next one peace out
