what's going on guys you actually looked
degas good my hair looks horrible again
I think I need a haircut but it's ok I
don't need a haircut
you don't huh all not a single haircut
anywhere but today we're going on omegle
and we're gonna go meet fans because
it's a cool video we gonna meet you guys
and yes we're gonna go on put our
interest as team Tanner and meet some
fans I got a tweet at first time we're
going wrong with Mabel right now as team
Tanner go put that as you interest going
to make a chance to be in the video it's
gonna be sweet and the way hey Greg
lighting honest looks really good in the
video in the video and tell me this is
not like Mayberry yeah I look like
Michael Jackson on snapchat go on so
you'll be the first people here Wow
hello that's us we are that that's
what's going wrong I'm gonna take a
picture cuz this is awesome what have
you guys been having fun on today I've
been like messing around with everyone
yes that's awesome
thank you so much for watching the
videos thank you
darn it now with sanic run guard and
then I'm done - Tanner Fox on your line
alone really yes Thank You tanner squad
get a squad team tanner we'll see you
soon all right Tanner squared dinner
squared there you go goodbye
I like your chair people like chairs did
I ask to be photographed I believe we
just getting those get those credit
thank you thank you you're cool - I like
your action I didn't think I was gonna
meet you I'm happy we get virtual
handshake three-way virtual handshake
there - oh cool
I'm Tanner I'm also tender that's also
Tanner okay we're gonna go to the next
person goodbye Wow what the frig skipped
us what a jerk he looks like one of the
Dolan twins I swear to god it's a bunch
of watching the video in your video he's
watching then he's watching a new video
that's so funny I love my faces I can
make a lot of people's reaction when
they're on the triple minute when their
screen loads they see it's us okay
because they detect a radius Lee ever
gamma I just want to start doing this
for fun 11 bored just go on team Tanner
except both of us forever
Hey hi what's up all my armpit hairs
piece on all these - hello how are you
bye I love it here oh my god you said
what's good I can't believe that note
Xander oh yeah Jenna what's up Fox
talking me well I made a video much
commuter you a couple times all the
thing at the crazy fennec fox and yak
see 1 million subs I probably watched it
can you do me a favor really quick can
you do me a favor Wow okay you see that
lampshade in the back put it on your
head yeah put it on your head um and
spin around oh yes what see that
lampshade okay put it on your head and
spin around
it'll be funny 10:30 is your video
necessity
yes yes yes
no but the lampshade does it come on
that's good enough I know I like it
that's good enough
boy these kids are exactly saying that's
awesome thank you
all right leg up yeah you span around
the lampshades at home we did okay bye
Dania run swing up me my son I couldn't
do it there it is that's the best thing
is it's the best thing ever hit their
reaction hi New Year's tears she crying
no one know she's so happy
I mean you're in a bin uh-huh goodbye
and we're gonna move on to the next
person thank you for watching the videos
though she's crying why she comes hi we
literally just random kids I make videos
in was afraid go lick the plant now yeah
you can doing it he's doing it yeah oh
yeah like a flower no that was good
thank you for looking the plant yeah
thanks um right bye you're the star the
new video I love you you got a downer
anything that's had a faulty haver
yes that's the type that goes oh there's
shadow potential she points like yeah oh
that one you came from Tanner Shannon
lets out okay cool
alright thank you okay okay ready ready
buddy go stand tutor for you go stand on
the table back there please Wow cuz it'd
be funny just to stand on the table
these people are gonna be food this just
in young teen bars up the facetiming
youtubers ah just do it she falls is on
fin spin-off making people do stuff now
oh thank you hello
my gosh hi hi is that a fruit in
background is it a lemon is a lemon or a
softball be nice neck yeah I thought you
played lemon yeah that's it
nice huh I like this all day
heavy on your snapchat story please oh
my god yeah
they do a pose I don't hey guys add us
on snapchat add us on snapchat better
just do it on the screen do it do it I'm
on your story gonna put my nipple I
don't want what uh what's up yo my name
is teen or - bro no way it's a triple
Tanner tripled with a can of triangle it
was cater squared now it's a Tanner
triangle is it really look it's a trend
yeah I put your head in the middle put
your head in the middle of your screen
look look look now it's a triangle
yeah well then let me put you on my
snapchat is your name really Tanner
what's your last name
Lois sweet uh if I drop my YouTube yeah
yeah carefully Whitman only cuz your
name is Tanner exactly
we don't give this treatment to Jews
ever hang up one of you fuck about us oh
good you want to say anything for the
video oh we can't hear them now
I try I know you okay well we're gonna
move on next person but thank you for
watching the videos everything peace out
wait for it there it is
it's the funniest thing minute lag ages
waiting for it what's up man it's true
no it's a screen recording we have a
program answer any of your questions
which Tanner skiff flip down these times
tan your prom guards look we don't have
my shirt on
oh yeah that's a dead giveaway that I
thought you were talking about her for a
second now be honest
yeah true oh look damn freaking honker
what's up I'll be fucked by a myself to
my guru me tanner whoo oh no box what
who's that hello
oh hey you form this hey I fangy oxen
but I collect appealing just watch the
video you did it is the guy oh I love
you for that
you gotta go by the end for my scratcher
I love my guys does that you know yeah
they'll get outside right now he's never
here yeah fun hey friend hey friend in
the bedroom
you're back you're back so I'll just
continue that on my brother yeah it's
not true you get to see the bangers yeah
my brother gonna do a front-flip my god
yeah that's all real
yeah you keep them from plen right yeah
so much yeah
hi I like your wall it's really
nice-looking yeah bye
what you doing just chillin you're kind
of cute I mean I I mean I have to and
she says I'm thinking listen I think she
said something
well Rosa I don't know what you're
saying but we got to go to the next
person goodbye
yes Lou hi ladies so that's I was just
about to say were you guys looking for
us at Walmart oh yeah yeah yeah I saw
that on Instagram I like that picture
I knew it yeah I was like these new
people that's hilarious
hey look first at Walmart that is fun
here at Walmart report there it is
yay hi what is this real back wheel oh
my god no seriously oh my god oh my god
there because this seriously real this
is real cool ooh I can assure you that
this is in fact Hannah Braga oh hi oh my
god how is your day going great
fantastic
I'm glad they're very understaffed have
boys
I wasn't one of her videos like on the
snapchat opening when I was alone with
the show oh nice
it's two times even Monday there's no
way yes this is amazing I just I'm
literally like cuz I got the gymnast and
like I look up to you because I'm gonna
strip it look inspired me to eat you now
sighs where are you from New Jersey and
oh my god I can't believe this apartment
I'm like this is actually the last clip
in the Omega video suit do you want to
help us out trailer short yes all right
just go ahead do your use without Kayla
for us
I hope you guys watch this video give
them a like subscribe to channel folks
in Taylor Bogart to that and such and
tell them what to do that's perfect
there we go thank you guys so much for
watching see you later thank you so much
for video bye
you
