what's going on guys today I'm joined
here with my brother and my sister okay
just like certified that with this
anyway I would say these packages by a
company called super gravity there are
the producers of YouTube red series
called
fight of the Living Dead so they sent me
three packages that I'm going to be
opening and reacting to with these two
so it's like a zombie show I don't know
much about it besides like Dennis Roady
fouseytube and a few other youtubers
that I know are starring in it or do I
like try to share it
alright they just get a watch we should
be a little bit more educated on it if
you're talking about it that's cool um
so I guess I'll share my boxes I kind of
want the middle one because I'm in the
middle kid and since you're at the
bottom of society here you go
so the first one I was like I want
youtubers trapped in in a sane asylum
and they had to escape it with zombies
and stuff so I'm guessing is something
to do with scary creatures okay so my
sister will go first cuz she's the
youngest I don't know how that makes any
sense but I'm also in basketball shorts
with a nice shirt I ruined the point
like we need to always stop thing now
please continue to talk while I talk
sure she's new to you I'm sorry
haha we need them so I mean yeah I mean
the other day I was doing how's it feel
how just go oh
there's red sorry I got it I got it
there you go
there's red stuff can I just like chuck
it sure hey that's us she's picking this
up okay so I bet they can see it like
this is like it's like a poster for it
but like a small little one Oh Batali's
into yeah yeah and how to prank it up
and some other people open youtubers
that are in it on this thing next how to
maybe sorta survive experiment 88 so I
guess that's what they're calling it
like experiment 88 it says work together
there's strength in numbers
that's what phousi said if in danger
lock yourself in a safe place if you're
military use your training don't be
afraid to sacrifice other people to
escape oh I'll sacrifice you thank you
it's like it
good well a zombies life the collected
works of an undead poet because for
brains ours riot
guys right and there's just a bunch of
age with different random zombie sounds
ok so Jesse won last year from prank vs.
prank
you know they broke up ah but yeah it's
like the youtubers are trapped inside
and it's like a real game show kind of
thing you know I scare PewDiePie if any
of you are familiar with that
quit diddling around a little bit
are you slowly ripping the box to make
noise knows that so this is like a
second part to that zombie poet thing
and it's like a whole poem I'm too lazy
to read the whole thing but I'm sure
it's great oh yeah by the way the link
to her channel and the link to his
channel will be in the description of
this video
they really make videos yet because
they're way too lazy nobody wants to
watch a thirteen-year-old they probably
would leave a comment ok next I see
candy next another thing for the undead
poet it's a haiku this time you don't
say haiku that like brings back a 3d
game it's like a sticker is this if this
is a sticker I have like a new addition
to my MacBook because my MacBook is so
boring
hey that's nothing it's not and then
there's a fight of the Living Dead
sticker that says experiment 88 on it
and another sticker whoa and another
sticker yeah you keep that one it's mine
too ok um life savers get it cuz I try
not to dive ramen noodles
oh and no it's fuel and this off-brand
no it's all I know they spent the whole
two dollars I'm surprised don't use this
for like guts you know cuz I'll
streaming I dated a girl once that hair
just like this anyway I was just kidding
ok Fame and a beanie that says fight of
the Living Dead we're gonna keep all
this stuff right we don't need to go
shopping
wait wait wait what we definitely hide
of it we'll pull it out we're family
oh wow I hope I get one of these well I
did differently
it's pretty cool I liked it that's mine
it's mine
you're not keeping these you can unbox
it away I'm wearing that beanie
safety light stick it goes for eight
hours and another glow stick and a fork
and a spoon in one okay and there's a
little knife on the side don't forget
the 900 is a little ribbon some crack it
why are you scared scared I'm gonna
crack it right uh-huh
seal it up super fast so wicked
glowstick
I bet this doesn't last for eight hours
they were just lying so this one lasts
for eight hours this one lasts for who
knows I'm gonna go to put this on the
sprinkler system I'll put it on the one
back here I'm double knotting it extra
string you can't even see it
haha now you guys unboxing exact same
thing my hope is to hold on I need to
try out this glue stick use the fork
part in the hole all this tape over it
so many problems you do not want to have
to worry about this stuff when you're
being chased see about one bad review
this is supposed to be honest why we get
this one above our bed I kind of want to
keep this one
just kidding me probably have more in
the other boxes yeah what really makes
sense if they sent different stuff in
all three so that's what I told you look
Missy you're not good at everything
oh this one's white let me show you whoo
so open your box right now
give it some different same thing wait
wait okay what a look same it's the same
well that saved us time this is gonna be
like my shortest video in a really long
time
alright so episodes 1 & 2 of season 2 of
5 of the Living Dead are launching
August 17th on youtube.com slash black
box TV episode 1 is free you guys can
check out the rest of series by going to
youtube.com slash red the link to black
box TV and the YouTube red will be in
the description and we're going to the
launch party for this thing tomorrow so
it'll be awesome meeting a lot of
different youtubers I vlogged there
along with like a Hollywood kind of
thing that I've been filming with us
going to Venice Beach the Hollywood sign
and Walk of Fame and if you're other
things so that'll be pretty cool and
yeah the Sprinter save this video thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget leave like shut friends if you
enjoyed subscribe you do and I'll see
you guys the next one peace out perfect
and run guard the shell out one last
thing I'm not being paid to do any of
this I just like the guys in the show
and I just like to be a part of it so
yeah that's about it good back for reals
until next time see you later
you
