what's going on guys today I'm still
with Tanner Fox it is our second last
day a little bit I like half today
tomorrow still Kansas coming soon yeah
true
she's gonna come to Kansas we'll film
there a lot we're with said Gary Jenner
yo-yo he's escaped board guy he's like
insane um we're about to go do flips for
a kiss at the beach for my channel and
obviously we're gonna do some flips in
his neighbor's yard who has somewhat
soft grass just warm up you know we've
already done a few here's some clothes
from snapchat because I didn't fill them
on my camera yeah I'll do like a few
more flips and then we will head out
warm up gainer castaway off that okay
you would literally lay on your head now
rely on the sport that was really clean
not bad I know that at all
I'm gonna save the rest of strength in
my left foot for the beach because it
always hurts after I float I'm also
being joined with like lots of new
youtubers I came here to collab with
Tanner and now we're meeting like you
know him we met the funk Bros and now
we're about to meet Rocco Piazza
he's like the 7 out eight year old kid
you know I just showed up randomly I'm
waiting I'm waiting
oh hi this is my friend his name is kind
of difficult his name is tan don't know
I didn't know all right before we do
push for a kiss we're stopping by a
Sunset Cliffs real quick
doing a few jumps lifeguards here so we
can't jump off the big one which is
actually probably safer than jumping off
that because lookout sketch it is good
luck oh it's it's stupid
yeah we're about to head to the beach
for what reason
let's for kiss be for okay I redid my
hair after swimming we're about to head
out to the beach and yeah I was inside
looking for socks and I realized hey
we're going to a beach see I'm stupid
you know I had to do the hair of course
because then I wouldn't get any kisses
all just get rejections which I'm pretty
sure there will be lots of those yeah my
mom's coming with us if she watches
that's just gonna be weird
mom don't this has been like the most
requested video out of all of them I
swear and now that I'm with Tanner I
think it'll be just awesome do that both
of us yeah hope you guys enjoyed this
video don't forget leave like and yeah
that's about it
see you guys there okay we're here at
the beach and we're heading to meet a
fan right now that I've had added on
snapchat for forever because he's just
been subscribed to me for a really long
time so I'm about to meet him he lives
here and I'm just coincidentally here
I'm also here he is in LA what's up dude
not much fondly his friend went to the
trampoline park we went to but he
couldn't come because of like football
right that's stupid you get this on
camera I wanted to try this but I was
just scared to kill myself are you guys
gonna make it today yeah yeah are you
serious yes on omegle oh and Walmart we
saw them on Omega we filmed the Omega
video today but it's not going to be up
till later yeah it's crazy awesome you
try to wall flip off the palm tree do
you already do it yeah just I'll record
you doing
blood chemicals hey can you give me a
kiss on the cheek if I do a backflip
sure okay nothing you do you do a
backflip it and it helps okay ready
awesome
video credits to me yeah cuz you do a
side flip over me
hey guys this is like a struggle for me
I'm not as outgoing as tanner is is like
there's a you are Tanner I guess I am
excuse me excuse me if I rush me you
want to be in a you want to be in our
YouTube video I think you would be
really cool that's a no dude not now how
am I supposed to do this to any other
girl once my feelings already hurt
either it's really cool you'll be
impressed I promise you yeah yeah know
why my friend here is gonna do an
impressive flint to do this and if he
impresses you guys you just give a kiss
my cheek sound good yeah do it
right ready for this Oh wasn't that
impressive
okay that was impressed yeah he's doing
it for me this is cheap thank you have a
good day I'm gonna start doing polls off
that now would you like to be my youtube
video sure basically I'm just gonna do
an impressive flip right nothing special
mind if i impress you you give me a kiss
on the cheek okay all right
oh my god excuse me for the fine madam
if I do an impressive flip off this here
ledge huh
can I get a quick kiss on the cheek now
um if I do an impressive flip off this
ledge can have a kiss on the cheek
if I do a backflip off this ledge I flip
I live like this yes can I have a kiss
on the cheek
oh I'll kiss on the cheek like this like
like honesty right fine press e I'm just
kidding about that okay if you do it dr.
moon mean I kissed your teeth I can't do
it
Robert I've got a back foot four
knuckles
there you go all the gay viewers are
disappointed and so am I is this your
girlfriend or wife now we just met like
five seconds I'm so sorry to cock-block
do it do I do it alright cool so
basically if my friend here doesn't
impress the flip if you get do another
yeah let's do it but I'm gonna do my
back for ya
be careful he's got this
oh it fell even with that impressive
thank you thank you high-five carry on
my brother here we go going in for the
kill
Oh everything in my YouTube video
pretty please it was taken just five
seconds Wow if you had your name was
Tanner worked better on yeah I mean hi
guys it gonna be my YouTube video okay
not today all right can I interest you
in being in my youtube video would you
like to be my youtube video alright so
basically I'm gonna do an impressive
flip off this ledge if it impresses you
just gotta give me kiss on the cheek
deal ready
ready
you have a boat same time same time
thank you have a good day Rocco going
for the back book
you got it
that was so good you're eight years old
just eight good luck with that can I
interest you in a YouTube video
thank you high five thank you Popov I
would give you a high-five but that
broke my heart already you can get any
girl you want
you're eight years old we're drinking
our yam for
so we're doing it flips for a kiss head
oh yeah you got to give him a kiss on
the cheek if he doesn't backflip up here
okay
you
Oh Rocco Rocco I almost going to do a
back full for fun off here because I'm
not getting any girls so depression
flipping session
holy look at that Club you do that don't
know he's trying
that was beautiful first job lipstick on
your cheek there if I do that flip and I
impress you we give me a kiss on cheek
okay but at the same time you just have
to trust it was impressive
thank you I mean time sequence could
have been a little
yeah okay if I impress you with the back
foot up here huh can I get a kiss on the
cheek yeah ready
still pretty impressive thank you thank
you
hey we're doing a back full video with
this guy but if I do a flip up here we
give me a kiss on the cheek for the
video all right that's our deal good
it's all part of the deal
thank you today
we thank you to letter Garrett high five
days later new best friend a
double-double vlogging right here hi
we'll see you later bro Leonard can I
interest you to being a YouTube video
video if I'm impressed with a flip right
here can I get a kiss on the cheek here
we go
this is this is a layout like uncie no
one has ever done this
well first
now I didn't touch I don't know if I
wonder - kiss me now she's gonna fight
about it do it
I want to get stand in your food
thank you hey hey come back I'm Matt
he's going in for the kill
which one is right there if I do a flip
and I impress you guys can I get a kiss
on the cheek for the video is that a
laughing yes all right
look at that standing straight up high
again that's two to two come on Oh No
okay
she's even reporting on a gopro now you
got now you got to give him one too yeah
hey yeah okay
I just lost my iphone and we're trying
to find it it's not in the bag what's
the falling out it's gray has a sharp
look to it it's Apple iPhone 6 yeah your
mom's been calling yeah I bet you're
backed up on some snapchat oh yeah thank
you so much
hey you called okay yeah you should look
at these cars they're friggin on
okay well we'll meet you over there I
just lost my phone but just found at the
tower so we'll see you soon
pretty cool
they're gonna be like hopping around in
a split second
literally popping wheelies hi guys I'm
still going barefoot hurts really good
and yeah that's basically it for this
video thanks so much to everybody this
sucks to the end we had a lot of fun
filming it even though there was like a
lot of rejection it's just used to intro
yeah I mean it boosted my confidence not
not scared
hey you want to go out with me there you
go you're getting it yes yeah they get
so much watching don't forget leave like
share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to Jenna Fox who said what
subscribe to me to kind of you know
program and I'll see you guys the next
one peace out
you
