how dare you my hair looks real bad hi
we are about to leave we're gonna head
out - Latoya or something like that I
don't
yeah I don't know anyway I'm not from
around here you know I wish I was cuz I
really want to move to California
all the houses out here like insanely
priced but I really want to get one
because I just like the way people live
out here seems all fun exciting I want
to live in the vine apartments cuz they
have like Logan Popo Amanda and all
those guys out there so I mean that'd be
pretty cool let's start a youtuber house
I'm su don't Tanner square house tennis
court house that's our thing I swear
your mother will market tanner squared
apparel see the phase guys already of
the face house we need to start like a
Tanner house hey Tanner house but then
what if we want like I guess we have
special guests now we have to make them
change their name all true just put that
in your lap yeah I know how this goes
we've the exact same camera so you know
Latoya right something like that
Latoya yeah La Hoya never mind yeah
we're gonna go there we might go
swimming to the beach and stuff yeah
we're gonna go visit some Lamborghinis
right now I'm probably gonna buy one I
just like it I'll probably felt like a
down payment I don't know yeah yeah we
will see you at the Lamborghini store
when I'm buying one so we're on our way
to the Lamborghini dealership
I love it some Lamborghini stores right
down there
we're about to go check it out I've
never seen any Lamborghinis like in
person I've only seen pictures and my
mom is always seen one in Kansas I'm
pretty sure there is only like one in
Kansas yeah hopefully they just let us
loiter in there there's a Bugatti in
there why I want an Aventador so bad I
just want an azure blue Lamborghini
Aventador oh it's close anyway actually
there's people in the back but they're
obviously not gonna listen we're just
little kids probably have to make an
appointment honestly problem right the
rolls-royce haze rug is one of these oh
my goodness Ferraris and we got to use
some of these for clickbait reason
that's a G Wagon oh my gosh this thing
is this thing's probably faster in my
car oh just over six days rain go white
- yeah I thought we did that headed - I
was a green touchy thing though you look
at that engine though can you get into
that lever you need oh that's like you
can get in that way - Blazers - when
we're getting her calm
yeah I'm about to get some selfies this
is the Aventador obviously the one I
dream of having yeah I literally break
my wrist filming just like what are you
doing I'm too lazy to move it around so
it's just that's how it stays sometimes
but yeah this is definitely the end goal
oh my gosh that's beautiful dude I would
be mmm v12 I would be so scared to drive
this we have the same thing in both
names Hannah join 700 Tanner I was gonna
buy this one we're gonna come in here to
make an offer on this very car yeah but
now that it's sold I can't you can't
what do you what are you supposed to do
now I guess I'll just go buy the Bugatti
up front it's funny because there's like
actually people here considering buying
we're just taking videos I feel like the
people that work here like that own it
they get so mad cuz people just come
here to look at the cars and leave they
never buy anything I have one of those
little ones at home on my water bed
frame okay this next one has some pretty
stamps and tape and I like it let's open
her up see a car oh no this is so cool a
Lamborghini a small little ember geenie
oh my gosh this looks like a lamborghini
gallardo do the doors open huh the doors
open this is definitely going up here
too for all of you that have been
watching my channel for a long time you
know that Lamborghini is my dream car
like by far it's a little bit smaller
though so it's not as cool I mean these
are kind of cool but it's whatever feel
like I'm on GTA 5 in my garage right now
who puts their gas cap up here it's kind
of weird you know I'm not I'm not buying
anymore you have a cool car you kind of
do it you ever you want
oh I just want to know how they get over
speed bumps leakage it's like three
inches off the ground
hey sweetie sir no sorry I won't pass
her up yeah you do
thank you you don't watch me though I
mean it's cool this is the a pretty sure
your name is Karen yes oh my gosh guys
I've made it who you're gonna buy one of
these oh yeah
you're just looking having fun yeah I'm
leaving tomorrow
oh I'm Kiki okay
they don't do not have this aggregator
yeah yeah yeah then I'll have it back in
canvas I mean we're like five dealership
but that's it
hi guys if this video gets 50,000 likes
me and Tanner will go in on a deal
together and we will buy two Lamborghini
Aventador I want three okay three but
that that means 51,000 legs I don't know
if we can pull it off it's whatever just
fifty one and a half okay
don't forget see that address right
there that's 420 that's why I haven't
moved to California because this house
being occupied right now so these houses
are starting to look like GTA five
houses where you have like the two doors
of swing open then you ride your car in
and go hit people
don't make it with some sweatpants on
you know I could always be that guy you
can think about me all night long and
show you think give me I don't know
words yet sorry Jacob in my stretch
we're do cliff jumping we are here at
Sunset Cliffs we're meeting up with the
funk Bros and never mind
there's lifeguards here and we can't
jump unstable cliffs no public access
life right well you know how to jump at
this life first we still get some
parkour clips outside
three-way cameras we all have a canon
70d with wide-angle lens
lifeguards are gone but we don't know if
we're gonna jump they're jumping off
those down there
oh no I got my phone in my pocket it
would have been real bad it's probably
like 20 feet high I have to require my
clickbait swim trunks even though the
thumbnail entitle have nothing to do
with cliff jumping I feel like it is a
necessity click these fun tropes
acquired the Park Rangers back and we
might cry
are you ready to cry
they're over here getting the drone
clips I would say lazy to bring mine
through the airport and carry it around
so we're going drone listen
what do you wanna do standing in your
I'll do with you dinner I can do that I
just don't like hey I do like a flip
drop really yeah like you crooked yeah
haha
Oh
cuz I freaked out and jump too far
forward it was so funny I landed like it
hurt but it I could have been worse so
maybe like the one trick I do and I'll
set my camera over there you know one
room that hair I know
this is you can pass out flips I've said
everything yeah oh yeah I'm flying his
own firm I know he's hired me just right
on there he's hired a thank you guys say
this
oh really yeah yeah it's all scripted
yeah it's all scripted got upon her to
hit hold your camera tan or sissy thank
you
I did say you wanted authentic or not
you're not your camera is actually
acting your camera that's it no this is
your kid oh he's got that no Christian
is back excuse me sir he's this one
tanner is that one Sanders I don't know
yeah can I be in the vlog though I'll
show you not enough what trick okay
ready
Oh
you
dude the untucking still laying on his
back I'm gonna do a castaway shut your
handstand cast away okay weirdo a back
handspring and then cast away off that
that is so cool I'm not about to try
that this water is so cold like they say
it's warm but it's it's so cold to make
it it's always moving in there with you
there's no box of people I straight up
there's only a few sharks in the water
no biggie
I don't think about think about the
completely once you're jump you'll be
happy just stood
it's so cold so I'm not going to jump
anymore bless my hand said cast away
sucked it was like half a hand sank a
super day now you'll be good I don't
want to get fine I don't want I don't
want to get fine I'm just chillin in my
channel fresh out the shower I need to
go get my toothbrush out of the car see
the handshake
I know all right we're about to head
into in-and-out burger one of the funk
bros Cory is going to be doing a
flipping out instead of a Mick flip he
basically gets up on the counter of the
restaurant with a scooter and does a
flip off of it which I don't even know
how that's possible but yeah they're
about to do it and I just figured it
would slide right out onto you and you'd
fail but Plus just like the concrete
under you that's scary where then I
don't Park someone all right well I
guess we'll see how this goes yeah
there's tons of people here oh okay
second thought I think there's way too
many people why is there somebody it's
like ten always existed oh my gosh oh I
don't know if this could be do okay I'm
scared for Cory to be on our baby you'll
kill it he'll ends look at the counter
look so slick we're making a plan and
we're all going to be in like
single-file in the line so there's a lot
of rooms so we don't hit anybody we're
hoping he can do it I'm hoping he W her
I don't think he will he seems like he's
trained here he's talented who does
language where you ready
can I get the flipping out flipping up
okay describe assuming you don't what a
couple
yeah it's all super menu style
maybe the never gate
oh wait oh I do not know you're gonna go
straight off I thought you're going to
the side do the people inside there were
life going No hey we're gonna go to
Walmart fill my toilet paper for for his
channel alright that was insane like I
don't even know much about scooter but I
know that was like friggin awesome so be
sure to check out their channel funk
roads link will be in the description
sandwich and Fox's channel again and
yeah that's pretty much over this video
they guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like share the friends
if you enjoyed it subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys next one peace
out
Oh
