okay guys so I was editing this video
and realized I left out like one of the
most important clips in the video and I
left out I mean I deleted it off my
camera so basically what I was saying is
that I was going to be going to the
hospital real quick to get some shots
and blah blah then I was gonna go pick
up a fan and then I was gonna go back
and try to teaching my backflip yeah
yeah just watch the video goodbye
I get to drive this because my car is
still in the shop because I kind of went
really fast into this dip on a dirt road
because I was trying to get somewhere
fast I was just trying to listen to my
GPS so yeah I was just looking at my GPS
and then all of a sudden I go to the
console of my car broke off like the
little bit I don't know if that counts
as a car crash oh my god I can tell my
kids someday yeah I was in high school
and I got in this big old car crash it
was crazy
just kidding badass yeah that's gonna
cost me a lot of monies and I don't like
it and I get my car back
and like a week or so whatever okay so I
just got four big tubes of blood taken
let's go right now she went on a run but
do you want me to call her sounds great
you can't get by some random people yeah
what's up dude we got to go back to the
clinic and get my car because he about
passed out from the glue they took my
blood and it sucked
time to drive hopefully I can drive and
if we don't make it home I'll call you
dad just kidding all right wait wait I
need the keys goodbye whoops you
wouldn't believe where we are right now
we had to get freezes from talked about
before we get do any back flips cuz it's
a hundred and four degrees outside it's
freakin ridiculous there you go thank
you
oh sorry mom see that's what happens
when you try to vlog and drive even
though I'm not even driving right now
thank you
thanks again one last thank you yeah do
it can we give us something there you go
see you later see I got to talk about so
much they already know like I'm homies
with everyone here we're home I think
here it doesn't matter at all we're just
gonna go outside okay so we're back at
my house and we have like an hour
Hey looking all the bubble wrap it's
still here because I'm too lazy to move
it I still need to use these in the
video forget about those um alright so
unlike everyone else I thought he can
already do one on the trampoline so the
goal by the end of this video is to get
him to do one at least on a mattress and
I mean if he can do one on the mattress
he can do it on the ground I just got
you know shot in my arm so I don't know
if that's gonna make it harder to teach
probably will because I'm not gonna be
able to spot as good as I would but I
can still help plus I throw with my left
anyway my arms are still sore from the
rope swing which just adds to the
horribleness of the situation but yeah
it's still by seamen everything so I
mean you can show them your back hope if
you'd like all right how's a nice
voicecrack - oh it's sketchy there you
go he can already talk - so I think I
think we can get it by the end of the
day well I mean by the end of the hour
see you can keep getting warmed up and
then we still that nasty white mattress
so we can practice on that with all the
pads all right see mom isn't it a good
thing that I haven't brought the thing
to the dump yet it's coming in handy for
like the fifth time and yeah there's our
empty hole because we still haven't made
the phone pit happen and we're working
on it and it's going to cost me a
fortune so I mean we're gonna make it
happen eventually
give it time it might be like a few more
weeks but it'll happen for sure oh my
God look at that just a big hatch where
there's no grass that's
we're doing others handles on that side
you know they're disgusting I guess you
boy uh wherever you want probably right
there should be fine okay I'm gonna go
get the tripod and we're gonna get our
Taco Bell then we're gonna come back
outside all right so we got to get these
pads how many uh yeah just all of my
left however many you want might as well
grab a ball ha ha uh-huh oh you put on a
beanbag ha ha
God yeah we should probably clean our
house before we have people over but did
y'all get three are you sure about that
let me bring my tripod up real quick
I'm a horrible host if you bring up all
those yep you're good all right you in
just sitting down right here yep that's
fine okay so if he learns by the end of
the day I'll do checkups like week by
week to make sure he keeps it because
some people they come over and they do a
back flip like clay came over landed his
backflip on the ground first try and
then he couldn't do it I mean he got it
back now but he couldn't do it for the
next few days just because sometimes you
lose your tricks but the goal is to make
him keep this backflip so he can keep it
forever because you know who wouldn't
want to be like 50 years old and be able
to bust out a backflip oh this is way
really it just took a step so we'll do a
two stack I think that's good enough
heart and then we'll just line it on the
both sides oh okay I think you're pretty
much set for the backup setup I think
that's good
alrighty whenever you're ready I mean I
can try to help spot you if you want me
to do the same thing you would do on a
trampoline is that all you got to do you
just pretty much have to put all your
energy into it take a step back into it
if you want you don't have to and then
throw your arms like you've never
frickin thrown him before plus since
you're going up like a foot even if you
land on your stomach or your knees or
whatever mattress to pads you can be
fine alright he's still gonna get this
like five minutes oh shoot alright see
that was pretty easy you already talked
so he's already got the tuck down since
you already dead you want to take off
one later yeah I was sweet there you go
blended with hands a few more and then
if you keep you on it I think you'll be
able to get it you can bring it to just
a mattress after you landed
this all right oh so basically I'm gonna
be round one thing throw your arms more
up because you doing what exactly what
playing pointing used to do step too far
back and whenever threw their arms you
know they throw their head too far back
you end up going too far back take a
step back and go like just do that you
know I can't really throw my arms
because of this but it's very got more
yeah I'm still tough there you go even
with going that far back you'll be able
to land it only - so keep having voice
cracks I've already gone through puberty
ah it's hard but you just have to keep
your hands up here and land like a sumo
wrestler like you got it hah whenever
you step back focus on pretty much going
3 up and throw your chest to the sky
because then after you step back you've
already got lip rotation then you shot a
tuck so try to go straight up after
stepping back I got I got anymore hiko
that's so weird that's the one yep so
you did perfect you went right back on
the pads three arms pretty much straight
up if you keep doing that just like four
or five times then I think what we'll do
go to the front yard where there's a
little bit downhill put the pads on the
ground and have you backflip onto the
pads on the ground part I can't pull
without my arm there you go fastest
learner by far I mean my mom was like
pretty close the teaching my mom a
backup video actually got 50,000 likes
so I mean I said I teach my grandma a
backflip yeah I don't know if she'd be
down but I could ask I'm gonna do
backflip times - with a hurt on I liked
how whenever I step on this random spots
of water start showing up continue to do
that arm trampoline it is cuz I don't
have any arms to throw me so I'm like do
one back both and then my next one's
like a few more you thank you alright
getting hot so we don't want to waste
too much of your energy before we go to
the front yard there you go one more all
right more I'm out take off shirt leave
your hate comments right now I don't
care
yeah you're ready I'll bring the camera
to the front yard real quick and we'll
get the pads
bring them all forward and I'll probably
get this within the next couple of
minutes your foot doesn't go through the
whole of it okay I guess I'll try it's a
whole new game whenever you're starting
on nothing oh that's scary
take a step back throw your arms you'd
be good on doing I'm just all right it's
all a mental game see he can do it so
easily on the mattress and you get to
the ground and it's just like this video
really count as me teaching you because
you basically done everything by
yourself but oh my gosh
look be like a nutburger whip off that
short can you do okay I don't have the
Tanner rogar body
this dude I get comments that are quit
showing off and put on a shirt you're
skinny so I don't know what to think
ah you got it ah all that on my face on
these pads yeah yeah that's good oh I
know I'm not gonna go back just imagine
being able to do it in front of your
friends family your uncle your goldfish
wait I said family and uncle okay just
your goldfish thing you don't do it onto
the mattress in the backyard if you want
alright I guess we're gonna go into the
backyard we'll have him back flip off
the ground onto the crappy white
mattress I can spot you from the ground
onto the mattress if you want alright I
guess we could try oh there we go I'm
going on your knees on it in you're fine
I'm just gonna pull it now you gotta buy
yourself there you go let's go try it
out there I got ya users got a back four
feet in up a foot so you're gonna be
fine you're gonna get it right in you're
gonna be a tricker after this yeah here
you want to spot me I get that help me
over there yep there you go you got it
I'm hired to do it now by yourself try
to go straight up you still like almost
left this whole entire thing that's it
Hey all right now you do that onto one
layer of pads it'll be even easier and
they'll feel basically the same
yes onto the ground you don't even need
the pads yeah dude
thank them all right that's awesome oh
that's a party yes not anywhere you go
hey what's up would ya now we can go
inside drink our Taco Bell and peace I'm
gonna start calling fans over to my
house one by one and teaching you guys
actually wish I could do that but I
can't you go alright whenever you get
home the first thing you better do is
the back foot to make sure you got it
forever this is the struggle of coming
back in from a flipping session you got
to get over the obstacles okay say nice
to meet you what are you doing what have
I taught you all right 6:35 and I need
to I need to be at the nigh beat he's
experiencing this firsthand like the
YouTube stutter problem I need to bring
my sister to the movie theater and the
school having you over dude yeah keep in
touch thank you dude both Whoopi yes why
there's another bird it's not in our
house this time though one time we had a
bird in my garage I tried to get out by
throwing a baseball glove at it and I
kind of broke its neck and it died I'm a
bad person but the other one just was
too stupid to get out but okay what's
just leave it up and leave and it'll
it'll leave by itself if it wants to
I'm over the seatbelt I want to see her
parkour skills I can't get through that
just jump over hey don't do that in my
mom's car good bye bye I'll see you
later dude it's been great thanks for
coming over
it was awesome yeah yeah no problem see
you later okay guys so we're back home
shoutout to Braden he was really cool
and I had a lot of fun tonight I
honestly do which I can meet more of you
guys and have you over but that's just
like not possible he just lived really
close and he's the first fan I ever met
out in public so I was like hey might as
well so we're cool now we're friends and
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video don't forget to leave a like
share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys the next one peace out
you
