like the finishing oh it's all foggy
again what's going on guys today we're
heading to the rope swing right now my
second last day in Virginia I'll be
recording tomorrow too
I've been pretty much filming the whole
time and then posting a video from the
last two days like two days at a time so
today is pretty much water sports day
and then I don't know what we're doing
tomorrow but yeah it's been fun I went
here a year ago and met up with Luke but
I'm back here today and we're going to
go back to the same spot and theydo quit
mony on camera so there's the rope swing
down there looks more like a hanging
rope right now but there's a wakeboard
handle in the water that we're gonna try
to tie to it so that we can do better
tricks because it's really hard to grip
that are you going first
your turn QT my turn
hi guys so we cut the rope of one of the
wakeboard that was in the water we're
about to tie it to that rope see if we
can't get a better rope swing and Luke's
letting me take one of the other
wakeboard handles home so hopefully we
can have a more successful rope swing
back home right you know what we're
gonna get this figured out and then I
will continue with the video because
this might take a little bit alright so
we got the not figured out we're
probably going to cut off this yellow
part because it's just in the way but we
got to tie it up I just tied a bunch of
knots but it's going to work
oh crap the feet you think it's too
short or should we those the thing is
this one anyway yeah true we don't even
have to cut the yellow if we tie it up a
boat
I'll double back first trick on this I
got to scout all right your did number
two since that one was completely ugly
and this one will probably be the same
trouble back to neutral black alright
now we're just gonna do a bunch of rope
swing and I'm gonna leave the camera
sitting down so they don't have to
record each other bunch Frank and took
over a pop game
but you get back with 1/8 I think I
could front flip whoa you're too waist
along like I don't get it bro your chest
forward Oh
what if it's the ugliest freakin
one-and-a-half ever ah my hands hurt why
he'll go back I would double front if I
could get the momentum consistent was it
fun it's just my height so bad I'm gonna
do the same thing
oh boy dude this is like so freakin high
up dude have you sit up here barefoot it
hurts my foot with a shoe illness I
don't want to backflip just go off first
just pulled your ass healthy around good
boy
you let go so Earl
I would triple if this love wasn't so
deadly
okay last rec is gonna be going off
backwards just for fun I'm gonna freakin
die oh yeah
Oh
oh good if I would have went right there
I loved it would have been like five
feet away from the edge let's count that
out I'm not doing it close all right
let's pack it up and move to the cliffs
it's gonna rain okay so it's not raining
here in my and I really hope it doesn't
because then I'm gonna have to like grow
towels all over my camera yeah but we're
gonna go hike like a mile just some
cliffs hopefully not get hurt and I
forgot my clickbait swim trunks it's
already starting to rain I can see it
and I can see it on my camera I'm
starting to not like this place
seriously let's go get some candy don't
I'm kind of hungry tall dark and
depressing and scary I feel like I'm
gonna die with these Devin Supertramp
glidecam skills right here
so that's the big on the way over there
oh it's scary but I'll front 180 Gators
off of that they're jumping it off the
balls off of it firstly we're gonna go
to the bigger cliff my side hurts really
bad so it's kinda hard to swim so that's
why I'm not gonna do any like big tricks
but hi we're heading to the big cliff
oh it does look pretty happy
okay that's at least 40 feet don't
figured how you found it can't stall a
little longer
how was it what how was it uh-huh
okay the lake is on one color and
there's no record you can't even tell
where you're jumping higher ready yeah
guys about to do a backflip Hey yup
we did the like so smooth yeah yeah I
didn't hear fit guys look at what we're
dealing with there's rocks all along we
have to clear I was sick though whatever
you do clench your buttcheeks you might
as well do it longer you think about it
the more fear settles in it you're gonna
feel like a bitch if you don't do this
he loved it look at that after you did
that the storm is passing I'm on Luke's
GoPro we're out of waterfall little mini
waterfall
time for a quick trampoline session
because because we haven't really done
any trampoline stuff yet and the last
time I've been on his trampoline has
been a year
yeah I guess I'll do like a double back
maybe a triple front I don't know I've
seen one back in my house it's a pure
fun frame with a sky bound mat on it so
you in beam
oh I almost slipped my tuck I'll flip up
on your shrimp with the last energy I
have no ball on my tit Alan wait
I'm not the front foot up tramp combo to
double full all right yeah watch it
call me crazy but here's my number so
call me maybe
some reason that last thing I just did
really really hurt with left back look -
I knew if I took more back flips out
over rotated again and hit my head on
the string for real this time okay I
thought we were done but I think we're
going to do a castaway off his uh I
think around a Castro off his porch real
quick and then we'll be done for real
I'm scared we're gonna fly off this ramp
done it Oh after you go away
oh pardon yes
hold but no now I'm getting mad yes
sirree
thank you
what'd she do alright guys so we're back
home in Kansas I'm going into the PIO
box real quick to get all the mail that
I probably have make sure you guys go
subscribe to Luke Brogan's channel his
channel will be in the description of
this video he's going through some tough
stuff right now because his parents just
got divorced and some other stuff so
your subscribe to him and oh boy oh my
god what is happening
yeah
