you guys see that empty spot right there
you see that yeah it's like right there
I think I have something to go there too
and I was gonna save this for its own
thumbnail in title because it is so
amazing this took months to get in
months to make I think I mentioned this
a long time ago are you guys ready for
it here's the music oh my god it is so
bright
so I had this idea a long time ago to
get one of these it was actually
inspired by PewDiePie you guys probably
know he has the pink brofist and I was
like damn I want my logo on a shiny
light looks like it belongs it like a
pizza place outside saying that they're
open and earlier it was on and I touched
it and it shocked this out of me not
doing that again
curiosity almost killed the cat what is
going on guys today we were back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day you already know where I am
get real Oh No if you missed yesterday's
video we stayed overnight in the attic
and it was still freezing cold but some
things happen with the attic this
morning it's pretty amazing I'll make it
quick because I do drone on about the
attic quite a lot because I just love it
but basically we have the big heaters
working now and they do not trip the
power is just so warm over here now
because we have heaters so now that we
have three heaters two of them being
industrial just warm enough to finally
take off our gloves and our snow hats
and our coats okay get naked best part
is that the only extension cord you can
see is right there they hit all the
other ones there's now outlets all
around this whole place and he put one
in over there that's really powerful
that can power the air conditioning in
this summer so we know died of a
heatstroke there are two items left to
get up here and that is the other coffee
table and the mini-fridge that is
downstairs and then we're done and it is
still one switch to turn everything off
very convenient hey use the landing pad
thank you I think today's video is going
to be hide and seek so we have to wait
for my sister she's not home yet we'll
stop by Walmart and get some things
before that are you girls soaking up the
Sun huh
they're both sitting the exact same
about five feet apart
how does it feel leaving your nice car
in a Walmart parking lot I like it a
Mustang parked in front of me and I was
like if you mean three hours later we
have a very heavy fridge
that sucked skeleton is now petting the
dragon with the back of his hand and a
second coffee table that makes an L we
took a nail making audition we just need
a few more things fog machine vacuum
Wi-Fi that's it
hi want to come play hide and seek what
oh she's doing school oh man pause it
and come have some fun we'll finish it
later see you in the Attic bye Taylor
everyone likes you so you have to play
yeah everyone table get on the bottom
bunk and look up I knew it yeah it's
Kate Upton poster a little bit too
graphic for YouTube all right let's play
some hide-and-seek person that counts
counts and all right let's go here you
take this young lad the g7x you get this
g7x round one she left off at Quatro
which is four five six seven I'm hearing
voices someone's being loud but I'm not
peeking cuz I'm not a cheat come on come
on
okay bye partner I think I'm gonna go to
the dog house oh my god this is tiny
dude there's spider webs in there Rose
ran away back here so I'll go right
Luna's over there oh I uh
oh yeah I remember the amazing zoom oh
no oh no there's another dog Oh Laura
shut up you draw attention to my spot I
could get in this leaf pile but instead
I'll just get behind it on pretty much
in it in two minutes let's go alright
none of them were too sneaky no one's in
my truck I heard them walk down I know
they're not in the Attic someone's
barking it's not our dog no no no I
don't know where the barking is coming
from but Rose is concerned go get up
challengers lock no one's in there blue
- where'd he go where Oh show me show me
alright boy I mean girl he's out there
somewhere
yes gotta watch out for all the dog poop
don't want to get these crocs nasty oh
wait
alright she's sniffing she's a hunting
dog she's gonna show him to me he's
going to the corner I was a happy I
thought you were they get to be on the
tower behind the trees or somewhere by
the way this is outside hide-and-seek
only you can't go inside the house you
can go backyard side yard garage
anywhere like that Quinn is it alright
now he's gotta find Taylor sure just not
much space
alright Luna this is your last shot show
me where Taylor is drop the bag of chips
no you're not you squeezed in my turn
okay the camera can't fall boom no dos
tres forgot what you said you want us to
count - this is a good view me
it's Quentin's turn to hide and I'm
going up in the attic he better not be
cheating in my RA I think his eyes are
closed working oh my god the
temperatures change when you get up here
is amazing it's actually warm now thank
you very much heater enjoy editing that
tanner
it'll be like music to your ears cuz it
was hashtag sign me feature me - Jake
Paul song I think I'm just gonna like
get up in the ceiling somehow in the
rafters you know you tell him nothing
I'm just going to set you guys on the TV
okay I think that's good enough you know
it's a cool car but mine school okay so
since we all head over there he might be
over here he might be by this sexy
mother he hide behind the swag no bill
he did not you know what it's get shot
of that juicy booty Oh what
our house had this no way okay what is
this hiding here next round now I'm
right by the back so I might as well go
back we don't want any intruders
hey that wasn't hard well guess what I
found you first let's go find tanner I
hear him talking it oh it's just so
pretty
so I heard him talking and I don't wanna
climb back there yet I'll be the last
place I know
it hurts it hurts my arms are literally
about to give them thank you very much I
don't know but it hurts so bad please
tell me I was not found first no yes it
is way too cold outside so I'm gonna sit
in front of the heater fan and warm up
my little fingers while they go hide and
freeze Luna sleeping she's so cute okay
final round Taylor is it my shirt is off
because I'm dying of heat I guess she's
counting in the attic I'm gonna run I'm
climbing the scaffolding oh my god no
I'm not I don't know if you guys can see
it but what the hell it broke at the top
don't know if it was the wind or what
but how is this thing still standing I'm
very scared but I guess I'll climb up to
like I don't know the 4th bro it is
wiggling every step this thing does not
have sandbags you could definitely see
me on the first level I need to get
higher huh look at how scary that is oh
gosh slowly but surely I'm making my way
up making my way up the scaffolding
climb in slow I'm gonna hide on the
trampoline because I don't want to play
anymore and this is the last round so
I'm gonna end it quick hopefully holy
crap ok this is the fourth level I don't
even want to move I don't want to sit
down cuz I feel like this thing is just
gonna fall I'm a scared young man easy
does it pretty sunset tonight oh this is
gone
this camera is huge they've all been in
the backyard in an attic I think 10 rows
in the attic once I'm not really sure
you're awful
hey I'm freezing up here and I'm scared
you know ever shirt on genius alright I
guess I gotta go find Quentin now
accountant in the Attic tanner is over
there so the only place left is the back
yard I just got the camera stuck on a
branch see hands on Luna hey buddy
gotcha
no you Bella Luna
I don't think you were trying were you
wait so who won I don't know we're all
winners remember that episode of Family
Guy well guys I'm gonna go find some
chapstick and then hang out and hear the
rest of the night Quinn and I are gonna
be racing Saturday and the music video
I'm hoping drops Friday so big stuff
planned stay tuned don't miss them yeah
thank you guys so much watch this video
and don't forget your end if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next fall my
you just maybe
