what's up guys it is 2:45 in the morning
30 minutes before I need to leave for
the airport and here's my bag I'm really
responsible anyway yeah I'm gonna throw
some clothes in the bag if I don't
particularly match during this trip um
forgive me for that Kate I'm sorry I
really gotta go I'll see you soon
anyway yeah I'm gonna fill this thing up
and we're gonna head to the airport yeah
I'll see you guys sometime soon
ready see you later
me too I will
yeah it looked like trash because I
stayed up all night but we're going to
meet Gavin right now never met him he
does flips as well but I met him off of
Xbox so it's kind of crazy but uh yeah I
don't know where that can go
we a while
we are at Gavin's house I'm still
freaking tired gotta do your first live
in Maryland yeah I'll do it on the
trampoline I don't have enough energy to
do one on the ground ready listen what I
do when I'm trying to piss people you
know I touch them then I'm like bet that
felt great so this is where the magic
happens game I've never been on a old
Springfree horrible I was like I don't
have to do this is the most professional
turtle box has ever seen I'm about to
jump on this and see you actually like
try though this is some high quality
Tramp Ã¤j--
it takes time rush oh you know me so
well I want to record me doing a quick
flipper ooh it's so much smaller than
its horrible isn't it it's like no way
for all the leaves and stuff exactly
you've like sweep it out here do try and
stand in the back I haven't even done it
you be the first one to do it on the
trampoline I'll make it over my head but
I won't land it bro world first world
for no other weapon yeah okay so I
haven't done a double kaboom since the
meetup whenever I hurt myself bad so
I'll try to do it this charm is just
like my dad's strength all the water
just comes out of the spring pads right
when you start jumping I haven't done a
half in so long I do have in layouts all
the time into my pool
you had it easy ah I travel so much
hey you got it
I come out so early I want to kill
myself good shit
there it is I don't know why I took
three backflips I could have done it
after just one or two oh well I'm happy
with that because I freakin hardly ever
flip anymore and I gotta keep up - my
name is Betty Brown guard you guessed it
world first dude easy dude easy I turned
a few lines through line to line whether
goes all the water trickling out remove
the spring pad dr. pepper - drink up
flippers why why did I put my eggs that
I got out of a vase drops about three
double CODIS and I haven't landed one
flipper problems that's it
that's it yes oh oh you did it that
counts that counts Oh someone texted me
or what that was bull now I'm gonna do
it again on my hand touched because of
that world first oh you hit the dad mid
flipper oh oh this is where the magic
happens in the Gavin it sure this is
where we became friends I think I like
join your party yeah we're gonna we're
gonna play xbox before I leave for sure
he's got this freaking MLG controller I
have to model controllers paid 160
dollars for each of them well I got one
for my birthday and I used them like
three times each so that is not healthy
high ten Oh sir
what's in your pocket is that a gun yeah
okay we're gonna go ride an electric
scooter around I'm going shirtless of
course I've switched to the GoPro I'm
gonna go on a scooter ride your people
are gonna look at me and be like well
that's a sick scooter brown beard you've
got big feet that explains the bulge it
wasn't a gun after all I haven't even
changed out since I was like 11 why not
Tanner Fox in one of your most recent
videos you said that you were better
flip to me well guess why I'm better at
scooter want to see something cool
oh I was sick that was a bar spin like
one fourth bar spin how do you hit wrong
on the bottom right there there you go
good luck sir
Oh oh man oh man ah I'm the scooter kid
do trick do chick
I can't even keep up I've watched like
three Tanner Fox videos and what I can
tell is that he just pretty much sucks
it about everything he does so
all right stay - we are going to the
pool clickbait swim trunks of course I
was thinking about one of my favorites
but no they look exactly the same
there's a clickbait enough so yeah my
right knee hurts really bad for no
reason so hopefully that goes away so I
can do some cute tricks I did more on
the trampoline yesterday than I've done
in the last since the meetup so hide
I'll go one crawl to me this morning is
funny a quick question if you've got the
Ferrari I'm sandals where's your Ferrari
yet oh it's so much at my dad's house I
thought it wasn't in the ground right
there no that's that's where I park all
my Ducatis my motorbikes you mean your
electric scooters you get toilet paper
last night or something Oh about a week
ago the boards don't look horrible but
back of my knee hurts and I'll have a
wetsuit so I'm scared
but it's quota we're actually really
cool - Gavin with the first jump I'm pro
diver actually quit but we'll see what I
can do
so I forgot my tripod I have to
improvise
I thought only one of my back
I will stick bro
twisting quadruple backflip real times
backflip the perfect pole I give that a
10 so what do you want to do right now
Casa weighing it in trouble what last
trick to redeem that castaway you guys
are over the pool and you need to work
out just go up to one of these bars
check this out
there you go now if you want to get a
lifeguard even more mad at you just got
a strap on your towel
don't run either wait can you do a
backflip bro I wouldn't even a backflip
this is a backflip
this is like bermudagrass like from a
golf course it feels like concrete but
I'm about to do a cork maybe some other
stuff yep feels like a rock guys ever
since my video life and a handstand my
handstands have been a one perfect I'm
about to show you guys probably 30 yards
what do you think all right I'm gonna
try to handstand across this thing I
don't think I'll make it ready yes sir
my inside halfway there whenever you sit
halfway there I thought you were kidding
haha
what no I got to do it
hey guys Tanner Braungart here he tells
me I'm not wearing my shirt and I'm
about to hit a standing fool just for
you guys so bad I'm gonna like matter my
knees oh oh yeah okay so right now we're
trying to get a ride to this town here
we're going to meet some fans that run a
fan account they DM me and I saw it so I
was like hey might as well so we're
meeting up with them and then my other
friend off Xbox who is his friend in
real life yeah we're trying to get
arriving I have a ride we tried over but
it wasn't working because I don't know
my credit card number uber is here I
don't care
here's this finger holy Sh yeah yeah he
had like a moldy piece of bread oh fuck
man my channels just my name tenebra
yeah right there alright cool man yeah
thanks for the ride Doughboy so much you
guys have a good day man you see you too
driver yeah yeah he's so cool
I'm going here switch my shorts and then
we will head out and meet the fans we're
only an hour and a half late so
this is walk not backflip what are you
doing sorry we took a waste you're going
to get here
I'm hi McMahon girl so I haven't been on
Xbox very soon not gonna do money yeah
no no 7-elevens well it's okay I'm
Jewish
it's all good and take all the money you
want I'll give you dollar coins
daily life you can endure yeah oh my
gosh that feels faster than you do all
the way yeah okay that's good
awesome yeah I mean I'm not quiet your
money's worth yet oh it's not my money
this is actually this park literally is
nothing to jump off those things move
and then there's really nothing else
what I kind of fall into it and cheat a
little yeah that's right that's what I
do
well I've got to work on my stunt double
Ness in case YouTube doesn't work out
your Gavin is the real stunt double this
hurts so much
oh you turn for a front flip oh I'll do
over there thank you I can't I give up
tannenberg art is not a skateboarder
this guy's warming up for his backflip
or just clapping in the middle of a kids
playground I guess I don't know
okay you got like 20 seconds till it
goes Oh
Caitlin on your butt you're fine no see
you're not using your arms at all get
them up get out closer you hit your feet
oh you hear my knee up hey run fast
oh hey you don't need to jump into it
like really high because I feel like
you're losing a lot of your moment Oh
hard core for life see guys I kind of
got stuff on my drink do I to do it
peace goodbye oh it's so much higher
than that hey come on I'm done
hey there you go hey wait what is it I
guys right now we're going to Gavin's
friend Tyler's house he's five
trampolines in his backyard with like
the little wooden thing in the middle so
we're gonna go check it out anyway yeah
the trampolines are all circles so
they're probably just like normal branch
trampoline so they're probably not that
great but it should still be pretty cool
could just say you knocked on the front
door and then we go in the back and out
to that fast
yo this is insane legit his whole entire
backyard okay so they don't know do they
oh this dude this one you would slip on
so easy this is like residue on it so
weird all but two of these have a hole
in it this is so much better than oh man
all right we're gonna be heading back
because this kids not home even though
he's like his best friend so we don't
want to be like trespassing even though
we already are
my turn I was like a reverse boys crack
hey yeah alright guys that pretty much
does it for the first two days with
Gavin I leave tomorrow but we're gonna
go to an amazing trampling Jim they're
also my friend Luke Brogan from the
meetup is coming you guys saw him in the
meetup video he'll be joining us at the
trampoline park because we're getting in
so yeah the link to his channel will be
in the description you guys can go
subscribe down if you'd like and you
would like it
so do it and yeah they pretty much over
this video thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one same time and I'm out
peace
