my hair looks huge what's going on guys
today we have more fan mail than I have
ever gotten this is literally just like
three or four days worth but um yeah I'm
gonna have my brother help me with this
video because there's just so many
packages guys this is what I do for the
lighting you better leave like I'm
risking a broken lamp well I'm sitting
no sorry
close just a Kate you lucky dog you do
realize you're not gonna be eating that
quick snack though that landed upwards
by the way cuz I'm a freaking boss right
here's what we've got after separation
and we are ready to begin oh it's a
canvas there's actually like a bunch of
fake musically account so I mean
musically you should probably verify me
just to be safe I mean I make really
awesome musical ease anyway I don't know
why you wouldn't hear you can use my red
knife look there y'all is it broken
listen oh look at the knife I should not
be like that here you go anyway I got a
really cool black knife in my last video
but I put it on my car just in case
anybody wants to fight
we need more Kate in here there we go
okay so uh don't ever touch her again so
ever since my channel really started
growing faster Tristan hasn't been in a
lot of my videos so a lot of you guys
don't know him if you're new he's gay if
you knew you should have known that you
knew that he was gay okay happy late
birthday from Ashley and Kai
I see googly eyes it's a dog one of the
eyes came off I'm a horrible owner oh my
god both the eyes come off on this one
it's a cat it's black we're so young
Thank You Ashley and kai I believe this
one's from Shoal Creek Boulevard Austin
Texas guess what's inside
oh okay what's up in the stuff oh
there's already a tear in it oh it's
another one of these like bracelet
necklace thingies
I remember kids making these in like
middle school my middle school you still
might be in law school I don't know I
don't know your life
I'd love to let's chat this school was
bullsh I hated middle school in high
school and elementary school and yeah
hey Tanner my name is Finn Jeffery and
I've been a subscriber since 200k I live
in Austin Texas and I'm 11 years old I
always enjoy watching your videos and
I'm trying to learn my backflip you've
inspired me to learn flips and persevere
I think you're really funny and cool and
I made some survival bracelets the great
ones buckle opens up to being a fire
starter there's also a nice drawing of a
pencil
Gabby oh nice it's like one of those
little uh things you'd go to like I
don't know I'm not very
girls who is that yeah this revival guy
got to drink my own piss even though
there's a water fountain right over
there and the guy filming probably is
like water bottles in this truck
now you can burn your rug again thanks
for being awesome PS my favorite video
was the one with the butter on the
trampoline Thank You Finn Jeffery and
I'm definitely gonna go start some fires
I'm gonna try to not make it my carpet
again though yeah open one okay
why do you need a knife to open an
envelope your I just thought it looked
cool alrighty
we have things it's a flat file you see
this tiny thing
kablammo hey Tanner my name is Felix and
I'm Sweden hey that's PD PI's name you
deprived sent me a letter
he didn't say anyone in school I like
your channel so much and you're a great
inspiration for me the channel is
growing so fast and I hope it keeps
doing that you are Casey Neistat flip
edition I heard you needed a flashlight
I think he meant flashlight guys oh yeah
I having one of my videos I said send me
a flashlight anyway Quentin goes that
was flesh with Annie I bet there's one
on one of these I heard you need a
flashlight so here you have one it
should not be the best flashlight but I
hope it's good enough it is yeah thank
you so much Felix I mean Peter pie it's
not really beautiful this one is like
super like I see this package it's super
duper light yeah guys I leave from
Maryland tomorrow and like 5:00 a.m. so
you guys will be seeing videos there I'm
meeting my friend off of Xbox he also
does flips so I kind of met him off
Instagram an Xbox I'm not gonna be mad
about him being gone oh yeah yeah I'll
be going to my friend Luke's after that
he lives in Virginia she all make videos
there hopefully they all turn out cool I
don't really know what we're gonna be
doing but I'll probably just gonna be
vlogging doing some fun stuff oh there's
something in here huh
they scoped it a trampoline you got the
pad color wrong my oh my god he did it
out of Clorox cardboard oh my god
yeah but he messed up the s Springpad
killer mine's actually blue this is
trash I'm kidding this is actually super
cool setting this up here by my
musically eye Tanner my name is Baker I
live in Halina Alabama I think I watch
all of your videos and I've been here
since 10,000 subscribers and here's his
Instagram and stuff on the bottom yeah
Thank You Barker I love the bleach
trampoline hey this one's from Toby
Dargis I see pennies don't send me money
here's some money
here's some bleach at the bottom hi
Tanner my name is Sadie I'm 11 years old
and I live in Colorado I love your
channel the first video I watched
viewers was the trampoline versus water
bed I've been watching vids for two
weeks and I slept when you hit a hundred
thousand give it to make me so happy and
you've inspired me to learn more flips
also when I saw you do a triple front
flip I was so amazed I'm watching your
vids as I write
just tell your mom and I think she's
very pretty I love all your vids and
keep making more from Sadie Thank You
Sadie a little letter inside of a little
letter another little letter
congratulations on 70,000 subscribers on
YouTube this is old I guess I'd like to
see you drink this bottle of Tabasco
sauce and then do a triple twist flip on
the trampoline yeah I don't know about
that oh my gosh she sent me some sauce
you want to drink this hell no twist it
Bop It I might do that in a vlog okay
this next one has some pretty stamps and
tape and I like it let's open her up see
a car oh no this is so cool
a Lamborghini a small little Lamborghini
oh my gosh this looks like a Lamborghini
Gallardo do the doors open huh the doors
open this is definitely going up here
too for all of you that I've been
watching my channel for a long time you
know that Lamborghini is my dream car
like by far sent me a like an ornament
that they made in school of themselves
that's going on my fridge bro okay
there's a little letter hello my name is
Ethan bow or Zig I'm probably one of
your biggest fans
I have your life subscriber count'
bookmarked on my computer and I always
refresh my computer to look at your
videos I've been with your channel since
1,000 you a package every week for a
while so take your future car and magnet
with a picture of me at a Thanksgiving
party in 2009 to put on your fridge I
already put it on my fridge also happy
birthday hashtag run Guardians since
Graham's on here yeah Thank You Ethan
this one's from mrs. Amelia Smith this
is gonna be a big long p.o box opening
video more silly band type things they
tied like a little happy face around it
through the paper hi tanner no you
probably don't know me but hello my name
is Amelia I'm 12 years old so sorry that
my handwriting is so bad it's not even
that bad but haven't mine but you really
inspired me to keep flipping even though
I can't lend my front flip you're such a
naughty recep's an awesome youtuber and
I would love to see you someday in the
future since she lives so far away and
do a lot of people since you live so far
away oh god what did I just say since
you live so far away and have a lot of
people don't want to meet you now you
should do like a world tour or something
just saying I live in Georgia anyway I
hope you see this and love you tanner
and then she
yourself on the bottom Thank You Amelia
I love it Morgan Marx you guys are going
ham on the bracelets lately I've gotten
so many of these no there's no letter
well there's no letter but Thank You
Morgan
Taylor Wilson more freakin bracelets
hello Quentin yes okay this one is from
Arthur Calvi another bracelet this one
says how severe they sent just enough
change for it to rattle do tender my
name is Arthur Calvi and I'm 13 years
old I live in San Francisco I've watched
you grow since your flippin tutorials
input his Instagram and stuff on the
bottom oh this one's from Nick L Ridge
I've heard he sent me something before I
know he had I've heard the name oh hey
hey oh my god hi slit I have one of
those with scorpion inside like exactly
like that it's awesome but these wannabe
these balloons
you know I blow on this but I don't know
if you have or what you've done to it no
I'm gonna set it over here for now okay
- Tanner brogurt hey Tanner I was in
your first p.o box opening video I knew
it I was a person who sent you Cam
Newton football cards hope you like it
so here's some random stuff I found in
my room I don't like to write very much
stuff so here's a short letter I'm gonna
try to send you a letter every month and
every time I send something I'm gonna
send you a sports card where's it at
where's it at I don't see one fake
mustache 3d glasses maybe how were them
oh dude these are tricky others like the
drunk ones yes that they teach you to
drive the lines look at your ring light
whoa Oh guys check this out before after
it's so freaking weird even though you
don't play sports I'm still gonna send
you one hot and happy late birthday and
then you put all of his social media
stuff Thank You Nick all right this one
is from Rachel Hutchinson off there's
something inside of paper club freaking
penguin we never played that oh look its
head turns around you should have sent
this to phase apex there's like a dog
tattoo at the bottom of this little
puffer nice Thank You Rachel all right
this one's flat but big this one is from
Chandler from New York whoa look at that
drawing that is such a good drawing they
laminated this thing that's beautiful
mom's eye coming down my window while
I'm filming a bureau box opening they
sent me another lanyard actually dawn my
lanyard right now because bring my car
in because I went too fast on a dip and
it kind of broke something off the front
was it the one in between the levee yes
yep it's literally huge they haven't
fixed it our towns retard
anyway thank you for the lanyard and
everything I love you Chandler then they
sent me a dollar bill it's gone my god
Quentin brought us food her cheese
brownie cake from PETA this is the only
thing on this vote quitting my job uh
it's in 2000 yeah if Quentin gets 10,000
subscribers before school starts which
is in like two and half weeks he gets to
quit his job at Pizza hashtag he'll
Quinn go subscribe to him this is really
good brownie is you two will be in the
description it's just Quinn McCarthy
thanks babe and thank you bye babe
you're not eating on video put that kind
of way sorry I'm sorry could you eat
like a horse oh my gosh she sent more
monies look how many monies he sent my
gosh turns shirts they look like shirts
okay you can send me monies if you're
gonna make him look cool but actually I
still don't want it they made a small
letter on a letter
okay what's open this big one it's been
sitting in this whole time yes lots of
paper towels they sent an e Oh egg you
have love to use yeah I do I don't have
that kinda you trying to reach for it
well you're not getting it okay these
smell really good I think your house
smells like what they smell like so keep
up the good work
something else what is it they wrote on
these plates dear Jane er my name is
Richard I've been watching your videos
for about three months I love you and
here's a little something hope you like
the Nike hat yeah they gave me an
freakin Nike yeah this is actually so
cool looking one two I only wear that
dope hat with this new hair because the
only one that looks good on my hair
because I wear backwards and then yeah
so this one could possibly be a new
contender then they sent me a Hot Wheels
thank you so much this looks like it's
from another country because it has a
bunch of words I can't read okay you
open this while I open other ones rip
tramp master that's my trampoline that
broke then they put my trampoline set it
down here in super good detail that
looks sick whoa holy crap these are so
good you guys are like amazing artists I
suck at drawing so anything you guys
send is like outstanding to me tanner
parentheses tan the man hi I'm Colby
from Australia I'm 15 years old and I
love watching your YouTube videos you're
very talented and really good at making
people laugh your videos are amazing and
you're really good on the trampoline I
want to get good but I don't seem to
learn very quick I'm an alright free
runner but trying to get better once
again thank you and keep up the good
work and congratulations on 100k when he
put his Instagram at the bottom yes it
would be my dream to see this in the
video dreams come true brother thanks
for taking the time to read this of
course I read all my letters by the way
just not on camera
this one's from hitting Hansen I'm in a
video with this the other day
see this is why I didn't buy the small
stuff you guys should be thankful that
we only had a little bit bit of the big
good stuff whoa
oh my gosh no geez guys check all this
out that is so cool this looks like a
Butterfinger I think I'm gonna try that
other little people
hi Tanner I want to say that I'm so
proud of you because you have gotten so
successful in YouTube I've been Abram
Guardian /bin in the tan clan since the
Chadha under 1,000 subscribers I wanted
to send something to your P o box for a
long time in this box you have Norwegian
sweets if you open rate these from 1 to
10 it would be fun to see how you like
our candy also congratulations on
300,000 subscribers enjoy and then you
put it social media and stuff on the
bottom
awesome oh my god you're really good to
move to norwegia I know those are
actually really good e's are freakin
good I mean I kind of like cannibalistic
kind of disgusting sick minded people
but I mean I love it what okay that's
kind of the same thing as Sour Patch
Kids I'm eating these laters that is
probably a 9 out of 10 all right this
looks like chocolate this thing is I
mixed between a Twix bar and a crunch
bar Wow
that's exactly what I know I'm a really
good Pepe like the Frog this low-key
looks like a KitKat
it's a KitKat yeah this is basically a
kick-ass at least 7 probably something
second one is a 6 just a KitKat
knockoff to us I don't like black
licorice and I think that's what this is
one cup of water two squeezes one
squeeze 4.5 seconds you get us that why
I write these writing I guess I have a
sudden look appetizing actually okay
this was a - some of the stuff is like
melted because it's all in one big clump
so I don't know if I want to open these
but I'll try the soda and I'll try some
of these and then then we're gonna use
that squeeze stuff in the glass of water
and then we'll move on why'd you put ice
in it you are stupid I would have to be
cold it's not like I come out of the
freezer anything I'm saving the rest for
later if it's good this is really good
mmm one two ten that was probably a 10
for being a Kool Aid mixer thing these
are weird like chocolate thingies with
the inside I don't know pairen you know
what Americans shouldn't be fat they
should their stuffs even better those
are probably an eight those were really
good
this is like a Sunny D but more pop like
basically my body's not used to these
Norwegian foods in that big box this one
was actually sent to me by a company so
they basically just sent us to open it
in a video I guess we have two thingies
like a little backpack they sent two
inflatable sofas okay I will go outside
in a minute but for right now I'm gonna
put these back together big shout-out to
a gearbest for singing this to us this
one is from Colin whoa that is cool
hi my name is Colin I'm 12 years old
I've been watching your videos for a
while now and I think you're really
funny I just got my first tramp and I
already learned a lot and I'm always
super excited to watch your videos when
they come out well thank you Colin this
one is from Logan and Cameron they sent
candy in nothing just lose hand and a
broken pencil is that a guitar pick you
think this would work on guitar hero a
paperclip all necessities and a P o box
opening and 2/4 thank you for the letter
because there better be I need to say
thank you to this guy tanner we love
your videos man here's a bunch of random
stuff we found and decided to send to
you flippin for life hashtag broom
guardians from Guardians has a D not a T
but okay then there spongebob right
there thank you guys I heart flip and
this one is from Harley M this is a cool
bracelet
that's swaggy look at that I said a
musically thing tanner hope you like the
pic I love your videos I'm 13 years old
and I also hope you like the bracelet
sometimes I spell weird wrong but I hope
you can read this and they put their
Instagram on the bottom there oh these
people send warhead stuff this is like
fun debt but it's warhead stuff they
sent a thank-you card I didn't really do
anything I guess cool thank you actually
hi Tanner my name is Matt J thank you
for being my favorite youtuber and
helping me not be bored all the time
you've also inspired me to make my own
YouTube video that sorry for all the
spelling errors and then he drew a
smiley face on the bottom there thanks
Matt this runs from Waylon looper Los
Santos in Blaine County ok they sent
band-aids on the paper
hello tanner I'm a ten year old and I've
been watching your videos since you had
30 thousand subscribers I've loved your
videos ever since then you inspired me
to try a back tuck on the ground and do
doubles on my trampoline if you will
come to Blackwell Oklahoma it would be
awesome and could you put this in your
video of course I will put his Instagram
in the middle and I will be traveling
around I don't know this one's from
Sarah Ellingwood
Tech Deck stuff this is the second time
I've got some tech tech I remember when
I used to love those yes what do you
mean used to Guitar Hero dope flipping
hashtag flipping awesome hashtag CTR
that stands for Big Time Rush everyone
thank you so much Sarah alright was
gonna bring these outside and see if
they're cool okay well we couldn't get
the inflatable couch to work because it
just it's not windy enough today so
we'll be doing that another time
probably in like a week or two so yeah
that's pretty much it for this video you
guys thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to leave a like share ends
if you enjoyed subscribe for new and I
will see you guys the next one peace out
