what's up guys have a showered all day
because I've been editing and I'm
getting acne and I swear it's from the
trampoline versus butter video there's a
horrible idea anyway we're gonna go get
Dylan right now he just got back from
Texas so I'll go get him and his
reaction in the car and every time I get
in this thing it's so freakin hot Linds
fogs up and I can't breather right now
holy crap this is why I should be
parking in the garage buddy
nothing follow like 2,000 plus people
and I'm not one of them on Twitter yeah
my Twitter sack right now but the second
it's on hack I'll follow you anyway nice
car like thanks man mmm we're gonna be
going to Walmart and we're gonna be
buying some bubble wrap for trampoline
versus bubble wrap tomorrow title creds
to do squad so I don't get a lot of
dislikes but yeah this is like a super
highly requested video hopefully it
turns out cool we'll just throw them all
on the trampoline tomorrow like pile
them up and try to do some tricks into
them and yeah I'll see you guys at one
more okay we're here at Walmart they
better have the stuff we're planning to
wrap ourselves in it and then do flips
well wrapped in it and also put it under
us and try to pap-pap pop it all rather
oh my god yo a vision about $13 you
jerkin me up catch we get four
oh that's 15 times 4 that's equals too
much money's gone oh yeah ready I'm a
magician yeah oh you how you doing that
he's not really a magician then he's not
even big bubbles what about the big
bhavan bit I guess it's all right here
let's just buy a ton of these I think
these would be better there's only 15
square feet that's like a hundred times
all right whatever
we're buying all of them on the show we
were fine yes
I think we got it Thanks so we just need
a lot of bubble wrap you know I hope we
have enough cuz I'm spending 42 dollars
on bubble wrap yes better leave a like
yes come on come on oh-oh-oh-oh
he is a magician after all good thing
I've over up okay let's let's pay
good thing I'm a bee here here we go
you just take a second and say that I am
a not zero the trouble over 41 monies I
can't do what is one monies and 41
smaller monies insert cash
I get the memo my money okay thank you
for shopping at Walmart you have it all
aisle 7 yeah awesome
no not a feeling you two they didn't
seem too interested in our idea that's
the same lady that sat in the toilet
paper aisle whenever I was trying to
make the toilet a report she just sat
there and waited for me why do I keep
shopping here there's got to be bubble
wrap somewhere else they were gonna kick
us out if we didn't we hashtag stop
Walmart 2016 okay but yeah we're gonna
go home and I'll see you guys in the
morning with a bubble wrap on the
trampoline in humming oh my face okay
guys so a cop literally just followed us
into the parking lot and then waited for
us to come out and then just looked at
us and left so that's cool and also the
lady was like are you guys about to
leave and we're like yeah she's like
that's probably good idea I think they
want to fight us I'm just taking like a
pill areas yeah we're good there's not
there's a cop right there
and there's another copy right there
just pulling up like why they're
probably just gonna come over me like
are you old enough to drive past nine
well I'm definitely not but I'm not
gonna tell my goodnight guys I'll see
you in the morning
peace out
are you bored yes you're getting pulled
over for no reason I guess compromise
another APD has nothing else to do at
1:00 in the morning
where's your camera doing all the fries
Oh Lauren sir boney I'm officer you guys
are part and public safety the reason
why I stopped you this evening is the
registration on your vehicle returns on
a Mustang and this happens to be a Dodge
Challenger yes I have I just bought this
car so you have any documentation
showing what day you purchase it on sir
it should be in here you have your
driver's license well sir yes all right
sir so what you handed me is your
registration your proof insurance for
the Mustang okay I'm needing some sort
of documentation a bill of sale yeah
I'll point out what it is that let's see
that right there
you can if you'll hand me just that
topic yes sir
they said something about how they
should be getting it switched over soon
pretty I've only had this car for like
four days okay for my safety yours
please remain in the vehicle okay I will
give you this back and I'll be right
back with you okay go go I supposed to
be driving after nine o'clock guys it's
definitely 120 in the morning I can have
the other one with shiny is light like
right in our face wait so how did you
know that this register trip Mustang you
can drink here in license wait why
because I'm a small kid in a cool car
dude I just hope he doesn't say anything
about my driver's license because member
when we went to the bridge they didn't
say anything about it I know you haven't
done anything wrong they won't do
anything guess I saw none of the police
oh right here are you doctor inspected
here is the dealership agreement which
is what I need to see um just for future
reference for the entirety that you're
driving this vehicle before the the the
title work and everything gets switched
over you'll need to keep that document
with you it's quite possible that
another officer will stop you you just
show that okay art sir drive safe thank
you have a good night okay well we got
off the hook which we should have anyway
it was a cool car yeah we're here you
could turn it off but good night guys
I was scary okay guys it's morning now
we're heading outside we're gonna get
all the bubble wrap on done
got it all here we've accidentally
already popped two of the bubbles on
like one of them so this video is pretty
much ruined so thank you guys for
watching and hey I got it I got it we
could like tape this around us like to
our arms like this and jump in the pool
oh yeah and die oh yeah we smart wrap
until buttery
I'll go forward
ah okay throw it in get in what time you
up real good
oh boy they're all stringing away still
you I got you oh yeah wouldn't it Stan
remember what Cody they just ripped by
your bus
grab them all and laying on your stomach
Cody's all you yeah that rotation no
it's so high out this is like the worst
date ever do this it's like 110 we got
to wait for our girl to get here for our
clickbait thumbnail I'll do a triple
front do it and see how good of padding
is it's better be good padding because
my neck still hurts from the last time I
did it should I do it again I land on it
I'll do it one more time Hey I shouldn't
have those beans last night
in my last video about trampling versus
I said how this is how gay porno start
but this is how they end
for anybody else we are 99% straight
down indeed it will run to fallout 1 now
someone jump on me ah it's too hot for
this and by too hot I mean we were doing
with true
yeah a bit of a double bounce there but
this chair plane was still in the ground
I would do a triple back onto it I'll do
outstanding double back Oh break your
ankles yeah here pop the weak a boom
this is a horrible idea that's why you
should do it was that you the bubble
wrap the pump oh oh I don't know
probably my butt I hurt so good
wait let's jump into the pool onto the
bubble wrap the bottom is a lot closer
than you think on the frickin ramp ready
mom me either
did any of it pop I don't know I do the
same tricks into my pool because I don't
really have that many tricks I can do in
here without dying
I've tried literally every big trick I
could
slow mo guys if you're watching this hit
me up for a collab and we'll do a flips
on the bubble wrap in slow motion would
you quit pop it I'm trying to do a
little for the thumbnail you're from
football night yeah do it with the
bubble wrap on blend on it yesterday I
thought she was going in the pool
trampoline versus double wrap or we just
lay on the trampoline and
bubble wrap scarf
Cody times three didn't stay on pleasure
doing business with you the tail go up
more as you stick with our company
all right that's pretty much it for this
video you guys thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew we didn't really
buy enough bubble wrap but it was still
fun and yeah leave a comment on what
videos we should do next and that's
pretty much it
hmm
