what is up guys it is the evening right
now we just got back home and there's
like a big lightning storm going on
right now so I think I'm gonna drive out
oh yeah there's some right there but I
think I'm gonna drive out down the road
and show you guys some of it looks
pretty freakin cool
my mother was nice enough to let me park
in the garage so I'm taking her truck
I'm so not used to driving her truck
after driving my car this thing feels so
high up we're gonna drive down the road
and I'll show you guys some of this
there's a horrible reflection right now
because the lights inside the truck
won't sit off yet but let's see what we
can see whoa look at that out there or
some I'm using the wide-angle lens so it
doesn't look as big as it actually is
but I can see more the sky without
distorting it like the fisheye whoa whoa
holy freaking crap I guess that's some
of the good stuff about living in Kansas
like we have awesome lightning storms
whenever it tornadoes and stuff this guy
actually looks super cool I've only seen
two tornadoes in my life though yeah I
should probably take this thing off
autofocus so we could actually you know
focus on infinity I'm gonna do that okay
it's not infinity now we'll get one more
big one and then we'll head out come on
holy mother frickin crap that was it yep
okay well we're going home now because
I'm scared a little bit I'm kidding but
uh yeah I hope you guys enjoyed that
lightning storm you can't see me at all
right now but uh yeah oh my gosh
thundering you guys back at home oh I
need a shirt we're going to Walmart okay
guys so we're gonna get a Walmart real
quick oh my gosh she's the ultimate
trampoline screams okay so with
merchandise I want to know what you guys
want so I'm gonna put an email in the
description of this video that you guys
can send your designs to I want to make
it happen as soon as I can
but I want you guys to send me stuff you
know similar designs it can be for pants
shirts hats anything like that and if I
choose your design you get something
free so yeah my brother and sister come
with me I'm gonna have Tristan film hey
you might want to open the garage doors
I don't pull a Tristan no but seriously
my brother backed up into this garage
door with my mom's car not once but
twice
I was gonna do that
rabble oh that futon I really need a new
futon but I had to test it out before it
buy one
I like you sit down
you're free tonight
I've gotta eat
should we keep this far for what see me
swim I'm gonna have to put all this
stuff back you guys want a hint of how
to have fun in a Walmart check this out
I'm a professional the freakin toilet
papers in the back so we can actually
make up for it there's no security
cameras back here I'll make it more than
talk this is my tailor I think I found
out why it was drifting to the right one
of the wheels is not being used these
these are really good
no these these are really good Oh new
flavor they're still cold and wet who
would do this
a worker keeps going by we want to make
the floor but it keeps on strong all
right so no toilet paper fort right now
because there was some ladies standing
in the aisle just waiting for us because
she saw that I had a camera and I guess
a lot of kids have done it now let's get
out of here wait we don't actually need
the raisin brand that's for ruining my
for weight Aunt Jemima we don't need
that let's get out of here not paying
for our food either I literally called
you because I saw that you snapchat me
and I was like I don't want more - what
are you videoing for vlogging on board
so that whenever I start posting videos
I can wear this because it's funny
one this will just slow it down guys I'm
just trying to figure out what is so
wrong with reorganizing toilet paper I'm
probably making it more presentable than
it already was it doesn't make any
freaking sense to me guys if you have
any other option besides Walmart in your
town or whatever please go shop there
because guys record shop there was a guy
out there where to go I'll be out there
there is seriously it sucks you should
quit well good night guys I will see you
in the morning
peace I got it okay guys it's the
morning now I just had a few people send
me this link to this video the guy that
made the first youtube poop of me made
another one I watched a little bit of it
but I haven't seen it all so it should
be really funny okay so it's called
youtube poop Tanner doesn't understand
why people buy cars here we go what's up
guys I didn't do any guys today because
just gonna sit here and my
around but it's okay we're going
shopping and I'm not gonna have fun keep
ur the bike cars I don't really
understand that at all like oh that's a
card magnify it because it has my family
on the back that's not fun what we're
leaving here we don't really love cars
the one inside I did love but it's $70
and I don't really understand sports
cars in my mirror you can see a blue
Challenger right there this is Nate it's
not beautiful prayer pool so this guy in
here got us hooked up with 2000 Dodge
Challenger has 800 thousand miles on it
some guys on my car
the grabbing has a tech 100th
anniversary for fans to generate systems
with that steering wheel is actually a
steering wheel you have to spend fifty
sixty real get that steer this car just
looks like guys check this out I
could vlog with my body on the dash this
is a proof by showing me that little
snake hissing tongue that was so freakin
funny that was freakin hilarious that
was so funny what he did with the car
dealership guy it's honestly so funny
holy frak
four million views on same trampoline
flips off a bridge and three million on
trampoline person waterbed that's crazy
I've been running out of ideas when it
comes to like crazy stuff I feel like
I've already done pretty much everything
around here because you're limited to
stuff you can do in Kansas but there's
gonna be really big stuff coming soon so
trust me it's gonna be really cool and I
really need to make another p.o box
opening video I'm gonna wait til I get
like a ton of packages and I'm gonna do
them all at once and I'm gonna make like
a big gigantic p.o box opening out of it
so yeah and we're gonna be heading to
the fair tonight so I will see you guys
when we are on our way I'm still trying
to upload daily but my schedule is
basically shifted every other day and
the reason for that is I have to have
time to edit and film it used to be that
I would film all day wake up super early
in the morning edit and then post and
film all day that day and just repeat
that but it's become basically
impossible to do that because
everybody's busy and any ideas that I do
have take like a long time to make
happen just like this foampit we're
trying to make it happen it will happen
I don't care if I have to pay for the
foam pit myself we're gonna make it
happen it's gonna be sick because I
really really really want to fun pit my
backyard I've won one for a really long
time and I will do quad front flip into
it yeah I'll see you guys whenever we're
heading out for the fair I need to put
my GoPro on the new car and thank you
guys so much for all the nice comments
about my new car and stuff except for
the cyber boys I said it's a piece of
crap because it's only a v6 and it's not
a manual
it's okay now got a strap on the old
GoPro before we go I'm gonna be
recording with my GoPro a lot I don't
want to carry around my big camera an
affair I don't trust people feeling good
all right that's probably a little bit
sideways but it's the best I can do with
this - to still be focused on me and see
the passenger so yeah we have a listen I
Big Time Rush in a hot minute so that's
what we'll listen to am i right sure
yeah I gotta wear my son's out guns out
sure even though the sun's gonna be down
by the time we get there and such
actually it won't be but you know it
might be don't ask me I'm not a
meteorologist what what you were gonna
turn down weren't you yeah oh my
McNuggets got my keychain guys listen
this sounds like an airplane
I will see you when we're there I'm
joined here with the folks there was a
car crash getting in here and it was
horrible traffic and this is probably
horrible audio and I'm sorry for that
oh god I wish I would've brought my half
and I left in the car and I don't want
to walk back to it
this looks appetizing oh boy
Oh a naturally spinning these brick die
I'm not ready to puke yet we just got
here you guys really want whiplash bring
an air mattress to a lake and jump up a
bridge on it
this is horrible we've been yawn and
finished in 30 seconds of this bullcrap
I think it's over
this one's mine I'm waiting for
something a break so I have a really
good YouTube video oh forget about this
one I could have died if it breaks we
fly into a metal gate oh this thing
hurts so good I should have brought a
sticky pad I could have stuck it to the
head of his horse yeah I took my butter
knife with me so I could pry it off like
I had to pry it off my Mustang yeah a
lot of you guys were wondering what I
did with my Mustang and if I had two
cars but now I got rid of the Mustang I
bought it for sixty three hundred spent
a thousand dollars in repairs and sold
it for less than five thousand dollars
I wanted to get rid of it didn't have to
worry about reselling it wait but it was
the Tanner Broncos car I could have sold
it for at least a K I should have signed
it jacket right when we walked in here
the guys like got many guns on you do
you because of my shirt he's a comedian
lucky you got the rabbit you guys ever
wondered how these things work
like I'm the camera person was that a
good one Roberta I give this the clay
for his collection we're getting a ice
cream from the ice cream Shack not ice
cream
shaved ice sorry sorry - I bet your
phone out of your hand wait a minute
wait a minute
Northern Lights yummy boy this magic
trick real quick oh yeah okay yeah oh it
almost got away but it didn't because I
saved it and I'm a magician I'm actually
a musician when it comes to Guitar Hero
and I'm a musical use ition I'm up to 7
K on musically for some reason thank you
guys so much
we're already spinning and I just had a
snow cone
hey make America emo again my GoPros
already at one bar eating before this
was not the best idea okay I'm gonna try
to save some my GoPros battery so see
you guys in a little bit we're going on
a big thingy I love you I thought it was
going automatically but then he was
doing it it's not as cool though I'm
getting special it's a sign now we're
going up and down my foots asleep
okay I'm doing this they're going on
this big thing I would go but I had it
with the spinning stuff have fun I'll
take your SAP to a water bottle trick
shots
okay guys so this one kid he came up to
me gave me this pin had me sign his hat
and he's like I told them I'd borrow
this but I think you have to sign more
stuff you just gave it to me and I feel
bad so a lady at the ticket booth if
you're watching this man I'm sorry okay
it's nighttime by the way everything no
no it is oh nothing like a seizure to go
with my evenings
shut out all the guys at the fair big
bro this is phase rain 2.0 guys
literally he's got the mustache and the
hair sorry
anything you want to say to the vlog
last but not least shout-out to biscuit
and uh that concludes the evening first
time filling up my babe I'm surprised it
went as long as it did I mean I've had
it for like two full days and I've
driven it like half of the day each day
so just left the fair head into my
grandma's house and also shallots
everybody I saw at the fair you guys are
super cool it's so awesome meeting all
you guys watching my videos yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave a like share with friends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys the next one peace out
Oh
