what's up guys I didn't do anything with
my hair today because too lazy so it's
just gonna sit here and flop around but
it's okay we're going car shopping we're
going to go luck drive around have some
fun and I'm already running late so I'm
not gonna vlog right now see you there
we are here at the car dealership people
they buy cars based on the brand like
Chevy or Ford I don't really understand
that at all like oh that's a sick car
too bad I can't buy it because it has a
logo on the back that's not like my
family's favorite or some bullcrap I
know you're playing the bouncy house
about the coolest car of Emerson to put
a damper on things at $70,000 well we're
leaving here we don't really have like a
car that I actually love the one inside
I did love but it's $70,000 and it's
manual and I know sports cars are
supposed to be like manual cars but I
don't have to worry about shifting and
such so I'll be vlogging when I'm
driving death but yeah we will hopefully
find something and we're gonna go ahead
and go on to the next place in my mirror
you can see a blue Challenger right
there it's beautiful but there's one
right here
holy Frick oh they look so nice look at
them okay so write a new car dealership
this guy in here got us hooked up with
this 2014 Dodge Challenger has 800 miles
on it some massive car collector got it
just hardly ever drove it so about to
check it out
the grabbing has a tech 100th
anniversary floor mats everything is
actually I mean your spare tire in the
back they do the 50-50 weight
distribution so you actually have better
weight Plus this uses as a cushion so if
some oh sorry Ren you that steering
wheel is actually an srt8 steering wheel
so you have to spend 50 60 grand to get
that steering this car just looks
freakin sweet we're going to put the tag
on it and test drive it okay sure I did
90 but thing is nobody else to have one
I know 100% look at the purple one right
there that's Logan Falls
here that Logan Pole I'm calling you out
my car's better well not mine yet but it
could be soon guys check this out I
could vlog with my cannon you can sit on
the dash my Mustang it literally
couldn't even have the cameras body not
even including the microphone because
the windshield just cuts it off
alright what's in here real quick I want
to check cupholders in the backseat
yup I'll switch yeah it has a little
place for me to put my phone when it's
on the Ox unlike my current vehicle
feels different but I like it
did that way the other one this break is
a tattooist break ever I know the gas
dude just touchscreen I don't know try
it yep
who knew we had touchscreen back in 2014
I really just want a floor it goes fast
except one thing different is the
freakin speed and the other thing is
mixed so what just happened
I made my counteroffer out with the old
in with the new hey guess what I just
realized
you're challengers the same color for
Jeep under the video ya see ya
good bye she got to get in her own truck
but okay real quick guys there's gonna
be lots of different kinds of people in
the comments you're way too young you
you don't deserve that you know that
this and that guys the thing is I've
been working on my youtube channel in my
videos for a really long time I know I'm
spoiled do a lot of you guys and I have
a great family and everything like that
but I don't have everything handed to me
like a lot of you guys think I do
just like this car I'm paying for all
that 100% by myself and that's what
makes it a big accomplishment to me is
being able to pay for it by myself and
know I earned it without the support of
all of you guys and having you guys
watch my videos I definitely wouldn't
been able to buy this car so I want to
thank each and every one of you for that
I'm so extremely blessed to be able to
have this opportunity and I debated
making a video on this but I always want
to let you guys know what's going on in
my life and I feel like this is one of
the things that you guys should be along
the road with me for and I just can't
thank you guys enough so thank you guys
so much and I'll see you guys back at
home it's morning and we're about to go
pick up my car but first I gotta clean
this one out and there's a lot of
freaking trash gotta get my aux cords
and all my freaking Taco Bell change out
of here alright guys we're about to head
out to the car dealership I got my Taco
Bell change in here in my aux cords and
my charger and such you got to put that
in the new car ASAP I just got done
live-streaming on you now shoutout to
everybody that watched it Tyler gone
alright I'll see you guys at the
dealership we're here at the car
dealership some reason gas things like
this how many of submarines I'm paying
for this car in cash sup dude
he got Rommel four children off of the
rocket and well that's kind of a joke
and when you see them I'm sorry about
your kid jumping off the roof thank you
very much Glenn yeah it's awesome
oh thank you guys so much see you guys
later what nice people we met alright if
any of you guys come to Davis Moore in
Wichita Kansas if you buy a car ask for
Travis Travis Bryson he'll hook you
right up he's a really cool guy
say this is approved by Quentin this is
approved by tannaz brother the kids who
just met outside thought he was my
brother
hey just so everybody knows we're not
dating and I'm not his brother gotta go
get my Taco Bell change into my new car
another cool thing is I don't need my
aux cord anymore because it's wireless
streaming with Wi-Fi and stuff so this
thing has all the bells and whistles but
I need my car charger still we'll just
take them all in the console oh boy
you want to Taco Bell after this three
please pay and I'll change this is one
cute frickin car it even has a TV you
think when you play guitar here on here
bring the ps2 set it right up there well
they're so nice though to see the Sun
through the car alright well we're gonna
go inside get everything finished up and
then we will drive home and I'll show
you guys everything in the car filling
it up with gas and then we will be ready
to go just a pretty gas nozzle see you
later
alright guys we're back home and I'm
gonna give you guys a quick overview of
the car we have the front challenger
it's a Dodge Challenger for all of you
they don't know as a freaking sharp
design I love you so much
tires and everything this is the
hundredth anniversary special sunroof
leather seats everything like that
here's the back and then sides my mom
said she wants to drive it sometimes and
I mean I Drive her Camaro around so I
think me and my mom are going to show
the garage instead of her truck being in
there but I could be wrong
mom please hi now let's take a look
inside alright so what I just did right
there I just put my hands right here
automatically unlocks the car for you
since my keys are right here so we get
inside there's tons of room down here I
guess first let me start up the car
thing is you don't need your keys we
just gotta press a little button right
here
got the touchscreen you got your ox and
stuff which I don't really need this I
just didn't want to mess with it right
now but it actually has Wi-Fi and
Bluetooth stuff so you can listen music
without it here's the sunroof let me
open it up for you guys looks so
freaking dope I love it so much this is
like the perfect armrest it's so friggin
awesome I can just be cruising down the
road with my arm right here it is an
automatic not a manual here's a shifter
right here I love how it just slides
down super smooth some toasty heated
seats and such yeah it has 100th
anniversary badges on the seats
challenger logo right there I'll show
you guys the back seat the interior is
definitely my favorite part of this
whole entire car a little lever right
here you pull back on see it goes up
climb inside it's super roomy back here
it's actually so sweet
leather seats in the back too there's
actually three seats in the back and
there's actually two cupholders in here
air vents in the back this is just so
much better than anything I've ever
owned
Minya we have the console there's a slot
right here there just put your phone
perfectly glove box and everything right
there and we got lights on these things
so if you're checking yourself out and I
need to get pretty yeah that's pretty
much it I'm so happy with this purchase
turn off oh yeah that's the car it's
actually not the car there's a few
things I missed okay so I forgot to show
you guys down here this little button
down here is to rotate the mirror I'm
pretty sure lots of cars have that these
your lights whenever you're driving at
night but on automatic right now you can
change it to off and then there's
different settings but this thing right
here if you pull it up the inside lights
come on the lights in the back come on I
was driving last night but didn't record
because I didn't think I needed to
but at night whenever you do that these
things blow up really white I can kind
of see them light up but it looks way
cooler at night I just keep it on
automatic software worry about it also
there's little paddle shifters right
here if you want to like take off faster
and stuff but it's still an automatic
car just has some manual stuff actually
found out there's changed slots right
here so that you don't have to just
throw it all in there except I have too
much to change so some of it has to be
down there and some of it just fell yeah
there's just lots more about the car and
touch screen and stuff that I have not
figured out yet but hopefully I will
soon yeah continue with the rest the
video and we'll drive down to my
grandma's in a little bit you ready yeah
well go to my grandma's right now are
you ready to see the car you're very
Renaissance you saw it walking in but
you haven't seen so you haven't seen it
I haven't excused
I like the side-by-side remember the one
time or three times when we were trying
to get to school my car didn't start
yeah I'm curious to see how this thing
will drive in the snow and rain you want
all this camera here you do here yeah
and I don't want rub my grandma's I'm
going to take over your YouTube channel
you wanna see I spent all my monies I
got to show you inside I'll let your
driver and ever you'd like haven't
showed you guys the trunk you could fit
like three bodies and you want to get
inside good night
yeah they have a little yeah in case you
get kidnapped look it even tells you
what to do get out and run see if it
works
oh dude it worked ready yeah leather
seats yes male Lackner look like they
must be living
oh yeah hey you in the backseat better
buckle up Brad plus my aha
oh I like it I love it
I've tried out those yeah let's go to
get some girls streaming out my pool a
long way Betty I like this good see if
there's anything worth looking at
they think I'm here going to suppose to
there's another two and that's it more
that town took any of your girlfriends
for a ride yet nope dang it'll be later
tonight
really come on girl get Jess and we're
gonna take a ride break yourself bitch
in its ticking me off day yeah how long
talks I need to use the seatbelt we've
just been going tweeting I can't really
barks tires and in town but you
gotta wait a minute we're gonna go down
the road movies
you don't really that would be good no I
had to get the automatic so I could blog
and drive you know maybe too little snap
chatting - yeah this will turn off you
know what snapchatting is how many girls
you got on your snapchat i hain't got no
snapchat oh you got a tablet don't you
our tire will look like that after then
bro
from Broome all right we're leaving my
grandma's we're going to my dad's house
I'll show him real quick and then we're
gonna be heading back home you look
tired
in a foursome no it's cold we're gonna
factory out I know yeah is it a v8
or v6 v6 go pretty good yeah you can
drive it if you want
Oh Carol you take a ride real quick does
it got two years for yeah it's two I
think what the hell is the difference I
don't know I never mess with it sure yep
to the Hellcat or v6 it's a v6 I like it
I look really bad did I just woke up but
a few more things real quick my Twitter
still has me locked out of it so I don't
know how to get back in I've tried
everything my recovery email won't let
me into that either my phone number says
it's associated with too many accounts
so it can't help me through that yeah I
just need Twitter to like Skype me and
give me my freakin account back maybe if
you guys started the hashtag give Tanner
his Twitter back or something like that
maybe they'd listen I don't know I kind
of doubt it but my Twitter's at the end
of all my videos so I don't want to
restart a new Twitter plus I've followed
back like thousands of people so I don't
have to go redo that yeah I don't really
know you guys can get tweet them that
make sure you at Twitter also we're
still trying to find out stuff about the
phone pit yeah it's taking a lot longer
than I thought I would but we'll get it
done so yeah that's pretty much it for
this video guys thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
you
