what's going on guys we're backing in
today and today I'm going to be googling
myself I've actually wanted to do this
for a while but I figured I'd wait and I
think now is the perfect time to do it
because you guys have a lot of questions
so I can Google myself and answer the
questions that come up I'm sure there
will be some and yes I just went
shopping I got these freaking new shoes
makes me look like I'm full myself which
I am yeah I just like these clothes I'm
not fooling myself don't worry cuz I'm
pretty sure there's gonna be like 20
year-olds watching this thinking I'm a
spoiled young teen and I'm not like that
okay okay so here we are on Google I'll
probably YouTube myself to just answer
questions on YouTube as well I don't
know what's gonna come up I haven't done
this in months so I don't really know
what to expect but okay we'll see what
happens if I just type in Tanner so we
have Tanner eye Tanner Foxx Tanner's and
tanner foust not up there yet okay
so whatever it's fine house is like a
snowboarder or something like that
something to do with an extreme sport I
know that Hannah Bhushan and who are you
taking up freakin first place actor okay
cool alright back to me
Tanner breunig our Instagram age and
snapchat Instagram is just my name
Tanner Braun GART no underscores or dots
my age I just turned 16 yesterday my
snapchat is Tanner underscore b-24 let's
go to videos first I'm curious to see
what videos come up first so my through
the years that's just because my name is
in the title I think naming the title
name in the title name in the title
let's go to the tint page I'm curious
it's just more my videos okay let's go
to news I guess the high school on a
roll yeah that's right tanner freakin
Bunga right there cool let's go to
images here's a picture from the first
video I uploaded to my channel of me
talking me and Jake's a game of tramp
which we just messed around some people
thought we were being serious in that
video which is kind of confusing to me
picture I posted like a day ago me and
bleach yeah the bleach got broken at the
Meetup I need to go buy a new can I
might do that soon it's like the first
good picture of me ever took let's go to
my vine right Here I am my likes are the
funniest freakin likes hold up
told you you guys should go look through
my likes on vine actually some of them
are pretty disturbing but they're pretty
funny and yeah just a bunch of pictures
of me from Instagram and YouTube and
such probably the sexiest picture of me
you'll find okay here's where we get to
where it's not me anymore so what if
pictures like this come up whenever you
type in my name like did they tag me and
this is YouTube doesn't say my name
anywhere I know there's a Tanner
Braungart calm yeah somebody's holding
this for me I think yeah but I didn't
make this so don't don't worry about
that all right well okay well that's
enough of that let's go to youtube so if
you type in Tanner it comes with Tanner
Fox then Tanner Brent gar
then Tanner be wrong gar so its youtube
poop draw my life game a tramp tramp
brother meetup quads trampoline park
through the years please just random
youtube videos of mine let's type in a
Tanner Brent gar and Tanner Fox accident
you guys really just want to see me
being hurt okay it's cool be at me and
Tanner Foxx brother backflip beach best
diving board back full of black ops 3
bad trampoline accident brother is gay
best trampoline bloopers why does
everybody care my brother's gay I just
don't get it I'm pretty sure like half
the people in the frickin world or gay
now anyway but why would you search this
on YouTube instead of Google because
it's not like I was gonna make a video
about that see call of duty I've done a
few call duty videos cliff jumping
drinking bleach flips phase rock fails
first video fire frequently asked
questions I need to make another
frequently asked questions soon funny
moments I'm curious to see if anybody's
made any funny moments of me uh there's
a black ops video I made about funny
moments that nobody watched game at ramp
gaming get air guitar hero I'm actually
very glad that some people cared enough
to type in Guitar Hero yeah still don't
have a girlfriend course I type in age
it's a bunch of how to's but I just
don't do tutorials anymore because
everything's already been said and done
I guess I could do a house tour if you
guys wanted me to but I guess let me
know again everybody just wants to see
me get hurt I mean this drinking bleach
accident thank you thank you guys so
much
Jacob Sartorius LMS I've pretty much
given up on trying to fix my LMS with my
flips I don't really know I can't do
front flips on a trampoline right now if
I'm on the trampoline I just can't do a
single front even if I'm standing there
I'll do a double and much rather do a
trip
or a double than a single front I can do
a single friend into a pool or a foam
pit but I can also do one on the ground
because my brain knows that it's ground
you're not gonna be able to do double
even though I probably could do a double
and ground um yeah whatever musically
I wish we could just pretend to be like
the eyes were before as happy as the
Kennedys I'm glad to know some of you
guys care about my musically mean
comments I really need to do another
mean comments I really really want to a
lot of you guys think I don't get mean
comments but I try to read all my
comments I definitely do get a lot of
mean once I don't really make me mad
that much is sometimes there's just like
so many of the dumbest comments ever
they don't make any sense like a lot of
them don't know anything about me they
don't watch my videos they just see one
video and they comment something and
just assume stuff like in this video if
I wouldn't have addressed my clothes
some people have been like oh my god
this is just another boy on YouTube
oh my god but whatever I don't care
you Tramp new car new new car um I'm
actually going car shopping in like two
days I don't know if I'm gonna buy
anything I'm just gonna go look I do
like my Mustang don't get me wrong I
love it but I'm just gonna go test-drive
some stuff see what I like and I will
definitely make a video about that I
don't know I like making videos and show
you guys what's going on in my life but
I don't wanna make a video and be like
oh my god this is my new car blah blah
like a lot of youtubers do like I just
don't think that's as fun to watch as
the funny and fun stuff so whatever
outro song well the thing is about my
outro music I use a lot of different
ones I guess I can assure you guys my
downloads real quick here's my downloads
any of these songs jpg feels blah blah
blah any of these songs right here I
need to delete some stuff I'm sorry
about that your rape in my last video I
don't really care that was pretty funny
but yeah any of these outro songs right
here you guys can pause the video go
look I choose from these songs during my
videos I need to get new songs I've had
a lot of people who made me like hey man
you want some music like Casey nice tats
and all that and I don't know all the
rules to that stuff if there's like
licensing and stuff and I don't have to
worry about that so I usually just use
no copyright sounds but I don't know
back to what we were doing
peal box is always in the description a
lot of people wonder how peel box works
you literally just go to the post office
with whatever you want to send get an
envelope write the address in my
description and send it to me pranks
I've been talking to a guy named Danny
Duncan he's really really funny and if I
get the chance to meet up with him you
guys will see like some really funny
stuff maybe some pranks I don't know
he's hilarious
I love his video so much it's a humor
that I really like the up in people's
face the awkward humor and stuff that
stuff's so funny to me
 my bitch oh alright yeah write that
on the wall but none at all
why not because I look like a on
these no it's a rule no scrap bicycling
no snow no okay okay I got a safety
issue
sorry about that I thought you're saying
I look like a what's his name I bet
he a lot of anymore right
now but I don't know about that it might
happen might not I don't know probably
will quad front quad back there's all
sound scary
roblox wise roblox the first thing that
comes up I actually do have a roblox you
guys want to see my roblox name is
mighty Bach oh yeah oh I got eight
messages see that 8,000 roebucks
yeah my freaking builder's club
membership renew the other day and I
didn't want it to charge me $60 what a
joke haven't played this in like a year
and a half but I used to go ham my guy's
pretty dope looking where's my games at
cliff this game took me forever to make
33 K visits to my place I just do trades
and that's how I got like a lot of
roebucks
okay enough about roblox a lot you guys
probably don't even know what I'm
talking about rose roof jumping
redeeming comments reacting reaction
room tour I'm actually did make a room
tour while ago
it doesn't change that much besides I
got a desk and like a bunch of camera
stuff sweatshirt when you go to sleep at
night when you wake up in the morning
and when you walk doll see girl you know
you wanna flaunt it if this video gets
15,000 likes I'll get to Jacob Sartorius
poster alright I don't know where I'm
gonna put him at but I'll get one I'll
put them behind my door back there so
that I can open my door and it will
cover him I'm just kidding Jacob I love
you skit sister my sister's Instagram
comments are beginning to get a little
out there yeah
often do it reading my sister's
Instagram comments video someday
Springfree I don't even own a Springfree
trampoline scooter stuff yeah I suck at
scooter and skateboarding although I
wish I didn't suck because it looks
really fun snapchat again I already said
that tramp trampoline park Bob Loblaw
tutorials trespassing I don't have a
video of me trespassing
what about trick shots Woodward workout
you already know it workout can you tell
wata bed oh you spoiled white kid
destroying your water bed actually my
water bed already had a hole in it yeah
I want to do water bottle trick shots
part two really bad but water bottle
trick shots are pretty much done that
trends over I think there's one other
thing I wanted to show you guys I forgot
what it was so yeah thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you knew and I will see you
guys in the next one peace out a couple
things real quick before this video is
over first thing is bring Guardians one
against tan clan and the little pole
thing I made so that's the new name for
the channel often make an intro with it
probably involving Backyardigans I
actually wanna make an awesome intro
with like all the stuff that I do on my
channel just like a quick mashup some
youtubers have done that I'd really like
to do that I don't know yet
second thing thank you guys so much for
all the support in my last video I
thought I'd get so much hate for doing
another trampoline vs video but there's
just like a few stupid comments of
people that don't actually watch my
videos and they just assume stuff but
other than that's doing really well and
I just thank you guys so much for that
and the last thing is I'm gonna be
broadcasting a lot more on the app
called you now basically just a
livestream app where ever you can come
watch me do random stuff yeah so my
username is just tan or brown guard on
there go fan me on there if you want to
see my broadcasts and that's pretty much
all I had to say thank you guys so much
for watching and I will see you as a
next one peace out
