what is going on guys today we are doing
trampoline versus butter title creds to
Juke squad me and him are fine now yeah
we just did the peel box opening and
where my sends out guns out sure because
I love it so much it's it's a close one
with a shirtless shirt mom anyway we're
going to go to Walmart buy like 20
things of butter with clay yeah and to
everybody that says I'm a spoiled white
kid I'm going to be buying this with my
own money and I'm not spoiled at all and
the thing is yeah I don't even know why
you guys say we're freaking spoiled
anyway you need to know how hard the
struggle is exactly I have to edit like
3 hours a day that's basically the
equivalent of like a 5 to 9:00 job and
dig holes yeah digging holes like he did
in the prison camp
I'm sorry zero I mean I didn't want to
bring back your past I bet that butter
melts in the Sun like real quick real
fast so on the black yeah and also now
that I'm 16 I can drive wherever I want
in between the hours of 5:00 and 9:00
and it doesn't even have to be the work
home or school even though I was already
doing that anyway
bye bye guys it's never really been that
easy for me I mean my mom gave me like a
small loan of a million dollars to start
at my YouTube channel and stuff but
other than that I've really had the
persevere through the hard times I'm
kidding but seriously let's go buy some
butter we just buy a big old tub and
just put it on the tram
let's get to ten list that time of day
buying two types of butter and leaving
sweet I need to keep that for whenever
people comment on my videos that I'm
spoiled 683 for two tubs of butter
that's right I spent $7 almost we're all
good to go
see you guys at home we had to take a
quick McDonald stop but that's gonna be
melted before we get home
shred drink it yeah yeah guys it's
literally a hundred degrees there's a
little projector right there that goes
up the yeah it's a freaking hundred
degrees so this butter is definitely
gonna be sticky all right we're gonna do
it on this one so do we just jump on it
now yeah just like that
leave them in the tub oh this cramps so
hot yeah this one's a normal and then
this was light so we'll see which one is
better for this this is a butter review
not a trampoline video you can have one
we got more butter inside if we're
needed
they look the same once per day Oh what
the hell you looking at hole should we
clump it out and throw it around should
we leave a big log just both just throw
it all over the place
actually mark : I love it oh it is cold
ah ha ha it's sick so perfect this is
like pudding
no dad you uh ha looks like okay I'm
done with my butter spread them out with
your shoes ha ha Oh what trick should I
try with slippery hands to double front
just to be safe
quad my hands are gonna slip right off
my legs I could actually get so hurt Oh
God Oh see I'm starting to slip
Wainwright in it Oh do a handstand slide
ready no right into the house ah
it's so slippery holy Frick we need more
butter mom do you have any butter inside
oh I start to smell oh it's in my hair
this has got to be a really long shower
after this we can put dish soap on this
- oh yes can we have some dish soap -
you're gonna have to when we get that
off I'm actually gonna tell you this one
has bread crumbs in point it's nice and
cold wait wait turn around oh this is
like how gay porno star good butter
oh this smells great my leg hairs are
standing up this is a good conditioner
for him this is soaking through a nice
little butter glaze it's a very gross
feeling starting to smell really bad
fish so calm oh that's nice bubble in
butter snow angel please enjoy snow oh
it's something nasty mix there's butter
in my leg hair butter everywhere you
look a little deaf like you're ready for
like a lifting competition oh I'm ready
alright
that wasn't a layout but I don't care
my butteriness mixed with the pools warm
feels so nasty cast my she'll fly me up
ready Wow
somebody commented and said my triple
front was fake because it was too fast
I'll do a birthday trouble front
and when I got it so wet didn't I I'll
do a double side fluffing I'll be done
on all of my triple fronts I've done off
of this tramp I could have done a quad
I'm not swimming in here for a couple
weeks and this is under the trampoline
we have a nice butter farm okay we're
done with the trampoline and such for
now so see you guys later we're going to
all-star sports because we don't have
anything else to do and it's Quinton his
way to repay me for burning my carpet
hope you guys enjoyed yesterday's video
I thought it was really good so if you
haven't watched it already go check it
out I've been putting a lot more time
into my videos just because I get really
bored when I'm editing so I want to put
in funny edits and stuff and it usually
takes me longer than it but I think it's
better than just the normal vlogs I also
put a poll in my most recent video ten
clan of Rome Guardians make sure you
voted on that here's a look at Quentin's
finger after the incident with a fire in
my room
here's a picture without his little cast
thing on
so this blister right I can squirt step
out of it and clay loves it though we're
here and we're probably going to play
mini golf and mess around the whole time
hopefully this golf court is properly
lit for my youtube video oh it's going
to be lit alright we only have an hour
until this place closes oh you're such a
gentleman I would hit it as far as I can
but there's people down there
oh this is useless I can't even see
where they're going it's a dark
go to camera you got to square your hips
right get really close a little shimmy
see the difference between this mini
park place and most is they have a net
by their pond except the golf ball can
fit through what a joke
do they have free corn dogs here what
the hell did you bring the mustard I
told you bring yeah I have it in my
pocket somebody signed me to PGA Tour
right now I give up ton of regard
ancient golf legend wait a second wait a
second
doo no way no way dude bro oh my god so
when you signing for PGA Tour like
tomorrow probably I don't know hey
Tanner so happy about all our hole in
ones he's gonna celebrate gonna be over
the concrete I think get a good juicy
angle parkour master yo yo yo I would
steal this spring for my trampoline hey
first up in skinny
I'm gonna practice my parkour move
castaway right now
warning bring your camera
wait
this is going to be hard to hold with a
gorillapod sorry about the noise I'll go
after you guys so I can record you
why do I always get the slow bastard
broom broom
drifting bro my arms tired of holding
the camera I'm catching up
got him I'm winning
play your rubber duck election
I found them inside of a rocket have you
seen the inside of my car like rubber
ducks okay me too clay what flavors it's
too late
I'm thinking like blueberry or blue red
let's try it out well we're leaving
because they didn't have really anything
open it was really done but we had fun
while we were here for the good 20
minutes we had am i right but I'll see
you guys later
yeah whoa can I please join your parkour
team by bed all right that's pretty much
it for this video you guys thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave a like share with the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe for you and you
can't see me right now but uh peace out
yo my McDouble ezard's you've been the
frog in my car guys it's okay the 30
minute rule like McDonald's grounders
even bad
