what's going on guys my hair is getting
taller and today I turned 16 I'm a real
man so I figured I would do a birthday
p.o box opening kids get it you open
like gifts on your birthday and these
like packages which are pretty much
gifts and to everyone who took my joke
seriously about how I hate you guys if
you don't send packages you just need to
learn to take a joke okay I'm just gonna
do a quick one of these in the ninth
birthday at my dad's house and let's get
right into the PIO box opening team
started and we should be happy birthday
this one's from Daniela Brown I think
that's how you say it Oh another swaggy
bracelet I got one of these in the last
peel box opening I did like I'm anyone
at the end of the flips at castle's
video through tanner I've been a fan for
a few weeks I am 15 and a half and I
started to drive on 7 22 2016 that was
two days ago do you have any tips I'm on
driving um just relax and pay attention
I moved from Exeter into a small town to
Manchester New Hampshire
I think the Queen City and it was sad
because I moved six weeks before school
ended I really do not have any friends
yet and it is summer here I will be in
tenth grade
please open on camera and I sometimes
spell words wrong hope you can read it
keep up the cool YouTube bids from
Daniela B or Daniel I don't know it
looks like Danielle PS here's a bracelet
I made it sorry if it's not your favor
but I hope you liked it for kidding this
is my favorite color
we're in this crap to risk the video
Thank You Daniela or Danielle I'm pretty
sure that it's Daniela whatever by the
way guys this is about as close to
shirtless as I can get without getting
cyber bullied in my comments which I
still will well this one has a bunch of
pretty stamps
Ethan Caldwell I've seen this guy's name
in my Instagram comments before like a
really long time ago so oh boy again
with the money guys I don't need your
money
dear tanner we've been flipping since I
was 7 and I'm a huge fan of your videos
you're my favorite youtuber keep on
making videos your friends Ethan and
Joey and then they put their stuff right
here Thank You Ethan and Joey you sent
me a lightning cable I actually lost my
iPhone charger like two days ago and by
lost I mean my friend Dylan stole it I
hate you don't rebel nation and Live
Strong I love it thanks again guys I was
due a package this one is from Ryan B
don't want to cut anything inside here
oh I almost
cuz I see money is this a blanket dude
this is so cool
this is like a blanket slash pillow it's
so weird it's like a blanket with a
little bit of stuffing inside so I guess
it's a pillow I'm keeping this for later
setting this right here
dear Tanner have a free $100 bill for
congrats on 200k subs keep up the good
work Ryan Thank You Ryan this is
actually so frickin cool I love it the
guy's forehead is huge by the way let's
do this big yellow package Horrell Quist
i think i don't know how you say that
kinda hard to read some of these but
I've got a musically plaque little
painting thing you know where this is
going thank you so much you know how
much I love musically that's where I
pretty much got famous off of well yeah
sick freaking handed all my hair blocks
it flips for days tbh musically stellar
to the K 16 they got me glow sticks once
he can bend and make bracelets out of my
name is Brooke and I am 12 years old and
I live in Massachusetts flips for days
they sent me a hacky sack and thank you
yeah seriously thank you so much clay I
shape Whitney's pocket you hi mom I got
an audience now Owen Bergman CT
Connecticut
I learned my states from public school
that all you want from public school yep
Swiffer duster I have a feeling it's not
what's actually inside some kind of a
charger in here so there's a USB to a
outlet charger this is speaker boom ba
--tx I love the graffiti it's beautiful
some headphones wait no one's an aux
cord I have three ox cores now because
my friend Dillon got me one and I bought
one for myself I'm just getting all
kinds of cables today are these a school
candy
yeah I have some of those actually I
have no idea what this is but I'll keep
it Oh a mini emoji pillows someone also
sent me this hundred dollar bill mom oh
hey Tanner I am 11 year old boy from
Cali I'm a big fan and I have been I'll
just rattle during the video I'm a big
fan and I've been subscribed for three
months I love your vids and you got me
into flipping here are some random stuff
PS my name is
when in my insta is Owen underscore
bergman underscore 2005 hey Cal Thank
You Owen
this one's from Elliott D I see you sure
yeah sun's out guns out I'm gonna put
this on now I've got another shirt that
barely counts as a shirt there's a
letter in here Oh big font finally I
might be able to read for once you guys
don't know how many times I have to cut
the clip because I can't read
sometimes it's the handwriting but
sometimes I'm just slow dude Tanner my
name is Elia I'm 11 years old and you're
my favorite youtuber and a great
inspiration to me and I can relate to a
lot also almost all I do in my free time
is watch your vids you're really you see
you really got me into flips more than I
used to be and I say I used to be
because I used to do tumbling which is
like gymnastics but now I want to be a
free runner like you thanks again for
your vids and I know you can't sign this
paper and send it back but could you
follow me on instagram there's this
Instagram right there if you guys want
to follow him it would mean a lot thanks
again PS hope you like the shirt I love
this shirt I'm gonna start using my
second account to like follow you guys
back from these letters and do that
right now I try to follow everybody back
on Twitter but a lot of you guys want me
to follow you on Instagram so oh my gosh
my backup account is 1278 followers done
well requested because you're private
but you know Thank You Elliott okay this
is the last package I'm gonna save the
letters for later and I'll continue with
this video being kind of like a vlog
this one's from Jesse Hancock ah
there was actually a movie called
Hancock I used to love that movie you
ever seen that no I loved the part where
he goes I'm gonna stick your head up his
ass no move your head he's going to
visit y'all fella sure you want to ride
this train
you asshole
I've spent all my time opening this and
then the package is on this side they
did this on purpose to mess with me and
also since my floors burnt now and it
still smells horrible probably is gonna
take everything off the floor of my room
move it outside into the hallway is it
kind of ironic that we threw the flaming
thing into the window well you where
you'd escape from a fire it's just burnt
right there did he drop it trying to get
it out
probably anyway yeah I'll save that
story for another time I see an iPhone
5s case this thing's heavy like there's
an iPhone in it there better not be all
there's tape okay sitting here yelling
mom these people only sent me a 16
gigabyte please read on VIP hi Tanner my
name is Jesse and I live in Kentucky I
love your vids even though I'm not good
at flips really funny and you're awesome
so I waited to pay you back and give you
this phone thanks for entertaining me
it's been a hobby a phone okay good it's
a knife this is actually such a cool
freaking knife though mom come look at
this that's my new favorite of a knife
that's so sick
I can't believe the knife just fit
perfect in this though and it felt like
a phone because it was all like heavy
and stuff now I can go out in public and
go damn it feels good to be a gangster
that's horrible idea
this is like something you'd see on Call
of Duty somebody send me a gun please
all right well I'm gonna read the arrest
these letters off a camera we're running
out of time on the old Tanner Braungart
show even though it's gonna be longer
but yeah look at this thing has like it
like snaps and it pulls out for you yeah
thank you to everybody that sent stuff
and let's go to my dad's house we're
about to actually go film trampoline
versus butter butter
yeah um Jewish squad don't be too mad at
me for using the title I mean you don't
own it and me and Jude Scott are good
but all right at the beginning of the
video I'll say title creds to Jude squad
yeah I think it everybody has sent stuff
in she later
I'm pretty sure these guys work together
because one of them sent me an outlet
head and then someone sent me the
lightning cable and we're about to try
it out and see if it works and yeah
we're probably going to get a rug for my
room because then it's free and it'll
remind me of my former inspiration phase
rug oh yeah we could have Quentin buy it
because he wants to help well that'd
make him pay for anything when your
carpets already trashed
what do you mean trash I only have like
skittles dug into the carpet actually I
don't know if I should try it with this
he's what if this thing doesn't work
moment of truth ha true fans mom I'm
torn between bran guardians and tan clan
because bran guardian sounds like
Backyardigans I like it though because
then it's like Braungart
and not just tanner because there's tons
of Tanner's tan clans just like could be
anybody
all right guys post your opinion in the
top right corner from guardians or tan
clan leave your opinion and we're
heading out we are going to my daddies
for my birthday I smell like butter I
can feel I smell like butter can you
smell me yeah I definitely smell like
butter oh did you want in I really want
to buy a Dodge Challenger I just might
all the heating's of this car hurts my
sunburn I'm freaking sunburned on the
back of my I'm sunburned on the back of
my everything we are here at my father's
time to go get some presents whoa whoa
your parkour bro hey what's up YouTube
birthday cake since YouTube won't give
me my play button you spit on the table
at PAX I'll spit on the cake if you like
I get to use some of my own name and I
got a bunch of snacks thank you to
everybody right here yeah what happened
here seems like that one about it the
other one's fine though and then this
thing is going seat belt back there
doesn't work there's a couple issues
with it let me - happy birthday man
thank you goodbye hello
everybody oh again with the wax I'm
gonna get a freaking copyright strike
hi guys that's pretty much it for this
video Figg you guys so much for watching
don't forget to leave a like it share
with the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I will see you
guys in the next one
peace out
you
