wait a wee bit of a fire can't really
breathe too well but there's some burnt
carpet for you has a nice hole in it
I'll be on I've got the window will open
the stuff Kate are you all right what
let me see your hand what the Frick
except for whenever you plugged it in oh
my god
I need to learn how to scooter because
that stuff looks so freaking cool look
at that he's just he's kicking it back
and forth and stuff what the Frick I
swear he's a magician dude flips are so
much different whenever you're on a
trampoline not carrying a freaking metal
pole with you bet your subscribers are
so confused as to why we're not your
husband yeah I know oh yeah by the way
we're at clays because my house smells
like smoke and stuff we had a little
mishap my carpet caught on fire got a
few holes in it now and yeah all right
guys here are the final burn marks in my
carpet you can see all the way down in
them and yeah my carpet looks horrible
gonna have to replace all the carpet in
my room probably great anyway we're back
at my house now we're gonna be going
back to the lake by that bridge but this
time you have us a rope swing handle
thing is tied that knot to here we're
going to try to duct tape it around make
it more sturdy then we'll head on to the
bridge hopefully it works this handle
right here is actually from a trampoline
ladder and so it works pretty great
final product of the rope swing duct
tapes handle Duquette knob to perfection
we're gonna be jumping off the little
ledge of the bridge and hopefully
there's a spot to tie it we think there
is and then we should just swing under
the bridge and if it breaks we will land
in water so it looks a little sketchy oh
well alright we're going to bring into
the backyard tie this into a tree and
then hang on and see if it works
let's go we'll bring it to this tree
over here ready
oh there's my phone okay we're gonna
head to Lake Inn
should be a lot of fun okay bye mom
we're heading now we'll try and love you
too I've got the wetsuit clickbait swim
trunks
towels for once hi we're here about to
unload the rope swing hey someone broke
some glass bottles if you want to come
like step over here barefoot like we
will all right so we're thinking we'll
be standing on that ledge down there and
we'll hook the rope swing and one of
these little holes like right here yeah
hopefully we can tie it around that and
then the plan is to jump off that and
then swing under the bridge and flip and
hopefully not hit the bridge or any of
the concrete around it we'll get
everything situated I'll set the camera
down on the ledge down there on the
rocks I'm so freakin tired I stayed up
all night last night like I have the
past three or four nights should
probably quit that oh my god it feels so
good do something for us
okay it's good help it's really hard to
see you but whatever
good yeah I called it the handle broke
all right we're gonna have to use the
not so probably not gonna use any flips
but my handle that's the product reveal
of the bodies people don't know in the
darkness dad oh my hidden to seem it on
the top I just grabbed on in the road
not easy not don't let me place your
bucket Bob with it we call running club
over the edge and hold onto the boat
that's your first mono looking for the
handle
to her yeah you know I did double
backflips on a rope whenever I was in
Virginia to worry when you're on a
bridge that sucks
I wish there was a way to get a better
angle or this is not hey hey you got it
we got it
the handle is back please back with back
would there be a heart desires
yeah I might use the rope anymore
we got busted I think we'll see I cannot
believe this rope is already here though
that was so sick my bees on you you guys
go get some IDs on you yeah you're gonna
party Johnny
hey here to wipe off the water on my
lens with my socks
what's your address
let's say your last name guess the
answers a lot of your guesses questions
he has now you can tap upwards
so sorry
fine pretty sure prefer to sign up here
apologies get born anyway so yeah I'm
just way to make sure you guys got any
warrants and we get outta here go play
old paper that they're been in trouble
before getting not really in trouble
today but so none of you guys are gonna
have warrants or anything
from the water
oh yeah
search on YouTube
yeah
all right we're going to do that here
yes give me jumping off there so start
being fun mater
thank you oh crap I almost forgot my
phone in the back oh we got busted I'm
not really that big of a surprise well
dude okay we were here for 30 minutes we
came out here for like four hours with
the two trampolines in singing the brown
kid has been caught
now what zero you're going back to the
canid again some more holes clay she's
like heavier guys are in trouble before
I was on diversion for six months so
yeah I was in desert prison for several
years digging holes does this mean I'm a
bad kid now at least she wasn't like
annoying she was nice ish
and probably got a new subscriber yeah
total look him up she's gonna look at my
channel and love it so it was worth it
if I got that subscriber for sure she's
coming back for a second visit probably
just to make sure we are left but we're
about to leave
okay guys literally right before we came
here I was like I have a bad feeling
something's gonna go wrong I didn't know
what it was I guess we just found out so
I caught it called it I told Dylan I
wish I would have been here to me saying
had a bad feeling but I figured it'd be
worthless if nothing happens so next
time goodbye
we stopped by the PIO box and now we're
heading home I just like to give a big
thank you to people who send stuff to me
because without you guys I mean everyone
that doesn't send me stuff kind of sucks
a lot but I mean like you guys thank you
for that Dave wait dude did it it a dude
that we forgot the robe we got to go
back now no we we forgot it get in now
I'm gonna be gone for a week so trying
to miss me too hard I'll do this one
last time peace baby baby baby baby Kim
but everyone's probably watching me hump
your car good that's what I'll be
watching later tonight that's all all
right let's go home to our house that
probably still smells like battery acid
all right guys this morning now I don't
really know why I put gel in my hair
because we're going back to the lake in
a little bit but I'm here to give you
guys an update on the foam pit wherever
the in-ground trampoline was that's now
over there so there's a little bit of a
problem we don't want to hit our backs
on these boards and stuff whenever we're
doing it but we also don't want to
damage the water pump but we also don't
want it to cave in because these boards
help support the structure oven don't
let it cave in so what we're gonna try
to do is lay like a bunch of mattresses
like that one over there over this
bottom would take out the diagonals
leave this stuff on the bottom make like
a floor of mattresses and then we'll get
like actual foam on the top and then
make it as high as we can
it's spilling out too much it's only
going to be like a three foot deep foam
pit and there's not going to be a
trampoline at the bottom like most
trampoline parks have so it's not going
to be very soft I don't think but if we
can run and jump and do like double
front and then put that trampoline right
here I'll do quad front into it we did
hit the light go of 30,000 likes on the
video so we will be trying to do it it's
gonna take a couple days to be patient
we're gonna go talk to some trampoline
places and hopefully work something out
so hopefully it works out because I
really want to quad front in my backyard
whenever I want because I can do it off
crappy trampoline park trampolines and I
really want to be able to make it my
freakin feet off this so it's gonna be
cool I'll see you guys whenever we're at
the lake how to eat your nutsack first
trick go free we're at the lake and I
saw a sexy Dodge Challenger on the way
here and I really want to get it on the
lake and we're getting a water
trampoline out here probably gonna be
bouncy but I'll try some stuff this is
paint sunscreen you got it buddy yeah
you been working out lately or what
gotta put all my clickbait swim trunks
can't go without this you're getting in
the way of the filming yeah I miss the
first flip what do you like my new trick
it's gonna move good old double back up
here okay
this boat slick when wet no more a Hertz
don't worry I recorded that the
trampoline is moved I was going back
foot off the table
all around me are familiar faces worn
out places wanna
Wow update they're still going Thank You
beautiful about to do an awesome
there's your turn yes you got some on
the bottom we're this far from shore hey
Taylor what yep great see you guys later
all right that's pretty much it for this
video guys thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
and share with your friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you knew and I just
need to say thank you guys so much for
all the support lately my channel still
been gaining a ton of subscribers every
day honestly didn't expect the growth to
keep going like this but you guys still
come around and watch my stuff and it
makes me so happy that I can share
everything with you guys so thank you
guys so much for that I owe everything
to you guys and I'd be nothing without
you guys so thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you guys in the
next one peace out
you
