there is no dog cuter than Luna thanks
for sleeping by me while I edit I like
the company what is going on sunset
I wish you'd f off I like the light okay
but what is going on guys today we were
back and today I hope you're all having
a great day remember if you look good
you feel good I think that's how you say
it but check out the new pants with the
custom shoes thanks again flip con you
that can roast your all over when are
you gonna get a tattoo of me on your
ribs
I am currently home alone all the lights
are off it's kind of creepy Tristan is
doing something with his hair I think
it's really short now my mom and my
sister should be home soon
I'm just envisioning what this will look
like with foam again all new foam
instead of the ugly yellow and blue
hopefully we get some new colors and
when they get back we're gonna go get my
car from the Audi dealership still no
tag on it and I'm supposed to be in
court in San Diego on Wednesday I don't
know how that's gonna play out we have a
lawyer on it he's supposed to go there I
don't even know if I can leave this in I
really don't want to have to go into
court to get my tag back to get the ugly
tag back not even the wrapped one but I
am going to go film the last clip of my
music video so I can get out this week
before the Sun sets I got to go find a
cow
I'm out here with some cattle right now
cattle are right there new stars in the
music video and we got some members of
the Tang Clan right here they're going
out for a photo final photos hey it's
nice to meet you guys
oh shoot when did Quinn get here cannot
cannot Brianna are you enjoying the
Attic it's amazing you know how long is
too long yeah I haven't told them what
we're doing today we're doing overnight
challenge in the Attic
it's our happy place so it'll be the
easiest challenge in the world except it
gets really cold hey do you like my
snapchats oh yeah he went to a furniture
store today I do like an actual home
improvement when's it closed cuz we
could add stuff all night I don't know
we spent a lot of money at Walmart on
this crappy furniture he found
inexpensive really good stuff did you
see my snapchat of the night yeah yeah
yeah
we're gonna have characters all over the
place okay you guys enjoy your lunch I'm
gonna go get a car also we should quit
throwing trash down here and Lunas just
chillin because she can't get out Dylan
how am I supposed to know if you're
gonna stay overnight with us in an attic
if you don't answer your FaceTime huh
watching YouTube while driving come on
remember guys don't text and drive or
watch YouTube and drive or anything
unless it's my video and you're at a
stoplight and you're at a stoplight no
you're lucky you do not
yay your first official ticket they're
probably gonna just get it continued and
you'll have to go to court next summer
okay shout-out to the attorneys for
delaying it you can't see it but that
car has a white license plate and I'm
gonna file a report and shame on these
people theirs is bent I'm about to
expose everybody in Kansas we have to
fly to California tomorrow alright
thanks for the ride hello hello hello
she's almost perfect just one minor flaw
haven't started it in a week let's hear
it
it works I just heard it yeah and the
beeps are what I just got installed it's
gonna work great Wow look at these
people driving with a license plate that
doesn't even have anything on it come on
we need police right now
I missed my baby I think this thing is
definitely faster than the Aventador I
drove but the Aventador I get will be
faster than this car promised you that
hello neighbors I'm home finally she's
safe and sound hi girls how are you go
away shield your eardrum let's see if
Quentin likes this did you tell I was
back yeah we both like jumped oh wow
check it out you cleaned up a little bit
yeah oh there's my pants oh I took those
off to sleep well show you guys some of
the new stuff the trusting guy that I
did not put in yesterday's first things
first the stripper beads it's a swan you
see its head then we got a little
glowing pacman that changes colors and
if you put on music he dances to it yeah
yeah yeah yeah um that thing we put up a
backdrop so you can't see all the trash
that's under here I mean you can see it
if you laying on the ground but no one's
ever gonna be laying on this carpet
Einstein we have all this other stuff
we're gonna set out the relaxing noose
and the dragon head you've already seen
look at that ring Wow I tried to
FaceTime Dylan he would not answer we
need a third person for this overnight
challenge Brandon did my parents for
these old man so we're gonna run to that
store right now and get some extra stuff
so we can set it up it's about six
o'clock right now overnight challenge
I'm gonna put 24 hours in the title even
though I'm not gonna stay in here till 6
o'clock tomorrow what a waste of time am
I am i editing here you would never
sleep up here would you and we have an
electrician coming here tomorrow so he's
gonna make this place more powerful and
we're gonna BRB okay update my camera is
freezing cold so hopefully the frame
rate is all right I can tell when I edit
like it's a little bit slower my mom and
I were going through fan mail that we
put away whenever we were moving and we
found this this is from Allison's jindal
and it is so sick there's must have
taken forever there's a bunch of nails
and then like black yarn looks sick
thank you very much I'm sorry you
couldn't be in a video earlier but we
took out the mattress on the floor we've
cleared some stuff out we're about to
add some new stuff I'll see you guys
whenever we have it done because it
might be a little bit of a process
hey Tanner what it's kind of cold up
here
oh yeah start your car and your truck
the heat will rise that's a good idea
let's do that all right thank you just
kidding
do not ever start your car and then sit
in the garage you will die okay are they
ready you think they're ready yeah all
right guys it is time for the reveal in
this corner we have cripples himself we
have the dragon head we have Albert
Einstein we have the speaker we have the
little goat he's not coming down all
they stapled his head
I wondered how he was standing up with a
broken leg duct taped on washcloths in
case anything gets spilt because Brianna
spilt dr. pepper thank you very much
we're using this shelf to keep stuff
organized like if people come over and
they just have I don't know choose their
wallet keys phone anything like that
they can just set it here and then get
it whenever they leave so this place
doesn't become gross we got a trash can
yeah touch it same as the one in my room
the bran guard fan art is being
protected by our new night yes authority
as a shield and he has no face but he's
cute we got the TV setup we got the
remote we got the Xbox we just need to
relax now so all the work
home-improvement stuff was under there
right yes yeah yeah yeah that's great
and then the FG screws and everything we
don't care about something that's
awesome
snacks snacks are organized couches now
in the middle that's right when you walk
up just remember to wipe your paws
please we still have another coffee
table to build I don't know if we're
gonna do that tonight it'll be right
here but we have a sword and a knife
under there right now and then the best
part that took us forever we just added
this by the way Logan's here I don't
even know if I showed you hi Peter fan
blows on these two people who sit by the
lava lamps and Luigi and then you turn
around and we have our bunk beds
she brung her signature blanket tea
bunker calm this place is just lit it's
just cold that's the only bad thing in
this doing what I like to call
absolutely nothing this does not count
as me failing the challenge I just have
to show you guys our new landing pad if
you're like right here and you don't
want to go down the rest of the steps
you can just oh I gotta go grab a new
camera battery because I'm at 4%
alright challenge failed whatever it is
10 11 so now that we got the place done
I guess we just load up a movie and sit
movie time this is Gordon's favorite
movie V for Vendetta I've never seen it
let's watch it screw the time check was
through a temperature check real quick
35 degrees awesome wow that was actually
a good movie Quinn time update let's see
what we got 12 28 in the a.m. why do I
have no notifications because I'm I have
moth oh yeah you have to go home huh no
girls allowed didn't you read the Matt
bye
I'm sleeping wherever the heater fan is
I will literally sleep on the floor I
don't care you can have top bunk where
are you sleeping oh crap what am I gonna
do I just feel so safe in here I really
like it I also feel like it's Antarctica
listen to the sound of my ring makes is
this annoy you Logan stop it I'm a oh
you're actually like squishing the top
down on me this is so scary it is
bending you're not meant to be in this
child's bed it's made for toddlers I'm
almost 200 pounds you're not sleeping on
the top bunk
top bunk is mine you can sleep on the
bottom if you want I just don't like
getting killed in my sleep what how the
hell did Harvard deny you I'm so
confused even yelled it tanner what's
this what what am i watching oh wow I
like you better with shiny light oh my
gosh you got to turn on some music to go
to bed to clone flag ghost stories the
speaker is bluetooth so I can go to my
bed and play it from there another's
arms or oh oh oh okay I freaking love
this band Ripper bees are down no one's
getting in I'll turn it down a little
bit just for you so you can go
night-night okay thanks
are you ready to leave me already what
the heck packing my bags and getting out
of this deathtrap
boom 747 in the am just realize this
guy's little ear just broke oh it is
morning your boy is cold huh bunk is not
very warm and I didn't even sleep with a
blanket on mm-hm as you can see the lava
lamps are still frozen because it is
absolutely freezing I'm gonna go ahead
and get out of this attic because the
electrician is here and he's making it
to where we can actually plug in a lot
of heaters so we'll be able to hang out
here more without being miserable
Challenge complete IMing in this video
here I gotta go edit and thank you guys
so much for watching and don't forget
your friends if you enjoyed subscribe
you're new and altogether
you came in looking like that you just
made bitch
