what's going on guys we're heading to
Oklahoma right now for really no reason
we're gonna go to this trail and like
some waterfall and stuff try to have
some fun with that it's like three and a
half hours away so we're gonna drive I
stayed up all night not a good idea
can't wait to drown and wearing my
shirtless shirt here and you know it but
yeah we're gonna go
McDonald's break guys I have to edit the
trampling bridge humming video in here
and I cannot stand editing in the car
but every time she hits a bump the clip
cuts and then I gotta undo it and I
gotta redo it all my life so hard it
sucks swift my sister's name's Taylor
Taylor Swift and it was just a singer
Illuminati confirmed
okay well I'm gonna go order to make
Nuggets I will see you guys when we are
doing something interesting I lied about
the McNuggets this is no time for a
big-time rush we're almost there and set
a school bus pulled over hi how much
longer
1.5 miles how 1.5 miles to long through
Dylan Dylan doing it's not your twin
brother right there
we're gonna go visit this castle real
quick right crack baby mama I'm tired oh
boy don't I get the slide Jun people
just ate meat rituals back here shiny
the backpack on or all yes tell me win
hold on gotcha want to get one of me it
does smell like urine I jump off please
double front how about that quad back
off that freakin Mountain look at me the
wrong way I'm gonna give you the cold
cactus
ah oh we drove three and a half hours
for that and that
show us something sick
that was not bad at all now I gotta do
it
oh ah okay well this place is definitely
not what we thought it was we're gonna
go mess around a little bit more and
then we'll be heading back home it's
like four hour drive back home don't
really care though it was pretty fun
all-in buddy your shoes they're looking
sick does this one smell like urine
let's go oh that looks like that octopus
will really affect it's not not for a
second ramen noodles where's this castle
built for midget why well look at the
ceiling in there what oh ah oh my god oh
why do i oh my god I know oh my god let
me see
oh that's so gross that is so gross
probably dead but still oh my god
they're definitely not dead
look at the ceiling everywhere oh my god
I have to get out of here oh my god the
freaking ceiling is loaded with spiders
all right let's keep going up more in
there I'm sure there is well back there
walking forever I made it to the top of
the hundred foot cliff uh we can't jump
off because there's no water on anytime
Hina guess we could well he stalks her a
little bit jagged
the selfie King good sexy oh I thought I
was gonna go over there ah we are back
home and I am freaking tired and we're
gonna get her sleep and we'll mess
around in the morning and do some other
fun stuff but right now I'm tired thanks
for driving us it's a long ways what's
going on guys it's morning now and we
are going to do like a little tiny p.o
box opening I'm joined here with Dylan
we've got all this yeah we're gonna open
it and make this like the end of the
video because we didn't get that much
footage in Oklahoma yeah it was not what
we thought it was I thought it's gonna
be like 50 foot cliffs and a lot of fun
something weird near I swear it's silly
putty
alright what's open stuff shout out to
my totally in season stamps Christmas
Day Emma something hi Tanner my name is
Sylvie I think Syl VI I'm 13 years old
I've been watching your videos for one
month and I love them within two days of
watching you I got my backflip and I'm
so excited to watch your channel grow
thanks for being such an inspiration
that still be prom alas goes from Alaska
it's awesome insta sylvie underscore
grace
open in a bid and we have two emojis
here these are like professionally what
do they call that at school laminating
laminated yeah I'm putting those on my
fridge Mikan Thank You Sylvie Casey for
aunty New Jersey oh my gosh it's like
frickin silly bands from like third
grade maybe it was like fit you to get
it to me okay I'm gonna have this little
letter so I'm gonna read off-camera it's
frickin novel I actually like reading
the novel's in ground and then they drew
the Skybound and stuff they got details
there's a broken nettle not pure fun
that's detail yeah Thank You Maggie
Whittier from Colorado
hey I was close they're nerds not pop
rocks so I split the nars with Dylan
leave a thumbs up if I should leave a
thumbs up if I shouldn't and leave a
thumbs up if you don't care this person
sent me like 20 dimes that's like $2
what's sending me money will you put
this in my console in my car I would
seat our nerves should we eat it like we
ate our pickles at the same time listen
listen up um dear Tanner I've just
started watching your channel but as
soon as I watch how to jump higher up I
was second voice crack within 24 hours
you can put it in this little oh but
wait Quentin got stuff spilled on it
within 24 hours of each other
you would know that if you watch my
video today about Quentin getting the
water spilled on and the day before but
you didn't it's cool hashtag fan mail
hashtag heart you hashtag hi hashtag
mine it's an owl but but wait can you
push the AL away now there's no al
anymore look now I'm the owl put this in
a bid please with threesies hi my name
is Lauren I live in Alabama I'm in sixth
grade and I love you and your videos
Thank You Lauren I love you too another
magnet you sent me another magnet it's a
monkey riding a motorcycle david Reimer
hey this one's from Kansas I give it the
baseball cards guys I don't need
baseball oh okay yes they're both
football I'm so stupid
okay well with the sports cars on even
play sports but I guess I'll give these
to Dylan's cousins uncles goldfishes
younger brothers nephew who's
babysitting my nephew which is you Jane
Turner Ivan watch your videos instant-on
subscribers I love every video I'm so
excited to see notification for a new
video
my favorite video is you draw my life
I'm from Kansas as well thank you and
could you put this in the video hashtag
no shirts for life since your lead David
reamer it would give away I might be
doing a giveaway soon I've been talking
to like that I'll just explain it some
other time
thank you David Tanner play button
Braungart well too bad I can't get my
play button yet because you have to wait
like a month to say you want it and then
you have to wait like forever to get it
so I mean you guys could just tweet a
YouTube like hashtag get Tanner his play
button 2016 but they probably won't do
anything
so don't waste your time oh my gosh this
is like the silly putty thing Dimitri
step but look at this it's all wrinkly
this is either silly putty or it's like
frosting in a bag no alive an idea it's
the understanding and play what that
doesn't get messy that would be brown
sand kinetic sand yak ax ain't no boy
was I right
no he's glittery goo this looks like
homemade do turnerbrown art this stuff
is slime shoutout dmitri step thank you
for that slime even though he gave me
slang but seriously thank you guys so
much for everyone the scent stuff and
I'll do another P o box opening soon
probably gonna do one with like a lot of
packages I did this one at the end of
this video because we had like a few
packages and then I have so many
freaking letters you guys ridiculous oh
boy this one's from someone from my
school we had our class together
Tanner Tanner cheeks Braunger yeah I had
like a nickname in high school I guess
as Tanny cheeks I mean there's only like
a couple 20 people that called me that
they're all girls as you'd hope but
let's read it dearest Annie cheeks Sammy
and I are so proud of you it seems super
cliche but it seems like yesterday you
had 1000 subscribers and I was one of
them it's so amazing how fast your
channel is growing soon you will be at 1
million
today is June 10 2016 Sammy and I are
watching your latest video entitled
weirdest p o-- box openings and we are
dying at this point the video U and Q
are being hilarious and dirty and I
blurted out the biggest in nindo I took
Honors English and I can't read an endo
of all time no wonder he's getting so
big
really Evan really anyways we just
wanted to take this moment to write you
a little letter and tell you how proud
we are of you and that we wish you the
best of luck in the future years of
flipping love you always Tammy and Evan
xoxo autograph this and send it back
there's a bunch of memes I love it Thank
You Sammy and Evan shout to you guys
Channel - Maurice Carter for the sick
drawings and shout out to Jackson and
lots to shout out to Chandler for this I
love the bleach he's also from Kansas
shout out to you he or she yeah that's
pretty much it for this video guys thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like share with your
friends if you enjoyed subscribe for you
and I will see you guys in the next one
do one do the outro wait at the peace
out
you didn't cover the lens like all the
way you mean you could see your handbag
a piece out there young oh you let off
to room peace out
