alright guys check it out what's going
on guys today we are going to be
bringing the big trampoline to the
bridge this time last time we went out
and we bought like a little small one
but this time we're going to bring the
medium one and then one of the big ones
and hopefully it's a lot of fun I don't
know if I would do any flips or anything
big off it because it's just super scary
and I got hurt last time so yeah I'm
gonna go pick up : right now then I'll
meet my other friends back here and then
we will head out to the lake see you
later
alright we got to take apart the
trampoline this won't fit in the back
you think if I put the medium trampoline
on top of the other one I'll get
comments saying that copy Duke squad for
it but they know no any chance on top of
the big one Oh Colin Germans better than
Tanner brown guard Tanner brown got
exposed guys I'm wearing my clickbait
swim trunks are these clickbait
sunglasses yes nice so all were those
and these from trims in the thumbnail
onward if we show up and there's people
fishing it's gonna make me cry and if
there's any cops that show up I'm gonna
cry to thank the law or there is no one
here there's some people down there but
they don't care ok we are at the bridge
gonna try to build this trampoline
hopefully nobody gets in the way
you
you
Oh
well just crash the Joan don't fly
drones when it's super windy out even
though it was doing just fine oh wait
this is you thank you I shout out to the
bronze lady she was super hot all right
guys this is pretty much it for this
video don't forget to leave a like it's
here with the friends if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you knew and I'll see you
guys in the next one we're gonna go to
Oklahoma tomorrow and do some flips off
of some cliffs and do some fun stuff so
I'll see you then
peace out what the fog or the desert for
you shove my shorts quips
second time in 24 hours haha alright
here we go
hey hey I have a question
but how much would it be for your
snapchat free yeah
okay
Hey lly okay she looked hey I can't
believe you got it though I was sick all
right goodbye
you
