what's going on guys we are back we just
got done doing mini trampoline into the
pool if you haven't seen that video go
check it out after you watch this one
though and these guys are relearning
their back flips right now well he's
learning
he's relearning we got out the nasty old
mattress that I need to take to the
landfill that she's definitely soaked in
is growing fungus
quitting's gonna do it too okay now do
it on the ground right now let's get on
my front yard all right like I do one
first you better do it with or without
saw uh doesn't matter alright ready yep
use everything you got just go for it
I'm doing it after you I've never done
it before you have first tried landed
you piece of crap place turn throw it as
hard as you did first time let it happen
hey my turn come on Tanner can't even do
one side here lay out yeah do it again I
haven't done one for so long I keep
showing my address guys ok it's there
it's there just don't show up to my
house cuz that'd be kind of weird we
have security cameras and stuff up there
so just don't even test me ok it's
Quentin's turn to doing it so what's the
wet part the wet looking one probably
it's a little wet I've got a doing on
the France first doing standing on the
trampoline oh I was pretty standing
lucky then they go off like I always
used to do alright you can do it on the
ground
ok pretty really good landed first try
yeah they did you can do it I'm gonna
hurt myself release break four toes Oh
first try landed that was stupid I was
still oh my gosh she landed that so
easily with the prick oh hey double back
yeah yeah I think it just feels as bad
as it can be so yeah play let it ride on
his head it fell out and now and now huh
well let me do one quick double back
landed you could have fallen down that
hole Oh or Dylan's turn come on do it
I'm running out of video space only got
like 100 gigabytes left oh look at that
you almost let it first try oh I can't
do it
let me landed what happened you slowed
me down your head so far back I was like
Oh Frank oh never seen my life I land it
Oh get rid of the pad you don't even
need them come on are you freaking go
let's go inside
we are heading out to McDonald's because
we have nothing else to do and it's
midnight go ahead sergeant onward great
straight hello anybody home like a lot
of money on myopia uh how much your hash
browns how was your hash browns
you are to Nashville how much are the
hash browns to Ford or 50 or $4
let's get 5 hash browns in three cookies
okay can we have four hash browns and
three cookies that's it
everyone 35 breath 104 yeah
no patience at all huh excuse me bitch
Oh take care out there you never know
I'll try
hey you can keep these coins I can't
yeah hey I did the same thing he
literally pulled his pants down in the
back and pooped in our hash browns you
hear him he just said I finally pooped
in them oh my god what are the people
here so mean to us every deed was pulled
into Maine the order instantly fast food
isn't it oh my god I make pizzas faster
than this okay so there's three cookies
and three of us I'm the driver so I get
to move paid so you get half of one you
can watch me eat it and imagine yourself
so there's a little frog sitting on the
sill look all right back it away come
here have a cookie Oh might as well put
it park and look at the Frog no all guys
gonna jump in here and I'm never gonna
find out oh my gosh of it around dang it
no I got all my fans yeah I really think
it's great I have a pet they're gonna
come give us our food I'm understanding
right but here wherever you find it you
can put it in this little pouch all
right we're looking for the Frog but I
found my hat they're the days we search
for you shove my shorts yeah thank you
we're in a bad part of town we've had to
roll these windows up oh my gosh look at
all the pigeons on top of the McDonald's
sign I'd like to dedicate this to George
Bush hey Quentin what
oh don't wash my car what's up guys
we're back at Tanner's house with our
hash browns so my sister being my sister
locked our front door so it's time to go
down the window wail even though you
guys can't see crap put a flash like a
flashlight got it yeah somebody please
send me a flashlight to my Theo box
thanks that's flush with the heat get
the hashbrowns we're back in Kate don't
worry guys I don't really play xbox
anymore so 600 messages is a little bit
much I feel bad not reading those but I
just don't have the time to play all
right that's enough bad good night guys
what's up guys it's morning now we're
heading to get Dylan and then we're
gonna go to my grandparents house flip
into the pool probably oh yeah we're
gonna head out one thing I want to talk
about real quick it's been a lot of
comments about clickbait every youtuber
uses it and I feel like if I can get
people to click on my video the
entertainments there and they'll enjoy
it yes I do realize there's a big red
arrow in the thumbnail and that's how
it's gonna be I'm gonna have to get over
it yeah cool let's go I got a song for
you I know this song
although I look at that my time there's
a single question on their mind I wish
you could go back to the way it was it's
not easy now be
my family thinks I'm gay I guess it's
always been that way
goddamn Christmas wanna go away and I
get asked every single day but the way
they ask it is not as the sky's like how
much your day do you like to kiss guys
Oh family now suspense watching slimes
love its side effects the song is my old
family Bible Burnham if you're wondering
my grandma gave me a present just last
year and the car said happy birthday
queer even my boyfriend thinks I'm gay
just kidding you gotta look right
through the haze easy makeup it was just
a phase
family things I'm queer
I'm not di suede
also guys thank you so much for 30,000
likes on my most recent video we will
bring the big trampoline to the bridge
just we need more time to like plan it
all out I think we're going to do it
tomorrow we're gonna do it today but my
friends are working stuff so we're gonna
do it tomorrow hopefully oh look who it
is
for everyone everyone and to everyone
saying I shouldn't be shirtless because
I don't have anything to show off this
is for you my whole family thinks I'm
gay dude I'm sick there's that little
feller
divide expires
disappeared and then I was all
Oh
goodbye bro all right that's pretty much
it for this video you guys thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave a like share with friends if
you enjoyed it and subscribe if you new
and I'm out
you
