what's going on guys I'm heading to Best
Buy right now and then Panda Express
actually I don't know which one first
but I'm picking up my wedding lens see
you in a little bit thanks guys anything
the best buy the better at my stuff or
I'll cry little bitty sharp there you're
all thank you
all right Clay's going to drive so I
could put this together before after and
it can zoom in too it's beautiful
alright so I read through some of you
guys's comments about the merchandise
and stuff a lot of you guys wanted like
flipping stuff with like a back flip in
my name but not everyone's into flip so
I'm probably not gonna do anything with
flips or anything at least right now I'm
not going to plus I'm trying to move
away from all that stuff and expand but
I'm still gonna do them because they're
fun but I want to do something that
involves you guys like PT pies the Bros
Tanner Fox has the Fox fam you know
everybody's got something like that I
had somebody say the Braun gar babes
which is really funny but I don't know
if you guys would actually want to wear
that or not but leave a comment of
something that you guys would want to
see that would involve everyone like a
group name kind of thing I think that'd
be awesome and then I could probably
make it happen sometime in the near
future and make it amazing and yes I'm
shirtless because we're about to go swim
and that's what this title of this video
is for my mom look at this lens
I know it's like a fisheye but not and
it can zoom you know why because I paid
the extra $400 you should probably do
this in the backyard
ooh this mattress is looking nice and
clean thanks again to whoever sent this
knife we found a way in they sent me the
net with it I don't think I'll use it
but
this thing's eight feet around the other
ones like six I think so I guess it's a
medium trampoline not a mini okay we got
the springs all these poles we got rid
of the net poles and all backs we don't
need it but we have the mat and then the
spring pad on the sides comes with a bit
more than the other one all right we got
the poles and then the legs laid out and
then I think these go on the very bottom
for like grip so we're going to put it
all together and then I think tomorrow
mornings when we're going to be doing
all the trampoline into the pool stuff
when I my friends here because I don't
want it to just be me cuz it's it's
boring okay what the so the inside of
one of the black tubes will not work it
won't go through because there's
something in the way so we got to beat
the piss out of this I think my ears are
bleeding from beating that thing let's
see if it'll fit yeah it's like to the
highest quality trampoline you could
ever think of so it has a ton of pieces
and stuff but hopefully it's worth it
I'm guessing it will because this is
about the biggest freaking mini
trampoline you're ever going to see
Wow who will see a cat twist
oh here's the finished product looks
pretty cool it's actually really big
it's above my knee so you have to jump
up a bit but we'll see you guys in the
morning we're gonna build the other one
jump off the other one onto that one and
then into the pool so it'll be cool
good night alright it's morning now
we're gonna bring your son to trampoline
this I didn't know twelve o'clock this
morning yeah it is for me I spent my
morning playing guitar hero because I
cannot beat the lizard devil because
he's stuck yeah I do
this isn't the Girl Scouts private yeah
this is gonna be sick oh yeah
doo doo doo doo doo doo the ground got a
tattoo Wow
there we go my pants came undone look
did you guys know that clay played on
the movie holes I was here oh do I look
like zero yeah
I could probably triple off that I could
probably double off this slide book to
my opposite size living risky Wow that
was a cool one yeah I'll do that if you
do a double front okay yeah that's about
the best trick you're gonna see for me
all day all right guys we've come up
with an idea if this video reaches
30,000 likes we will bring the
trampoline that I use for the insane
roof jumping part two we'll bring that
trampoline to the big bridge that we did
insane trampoline flips off a bridge
yeah I don't know what tricks will do
offic is it's super scary but we'll jump
make it fun and yeah 30,000 likes I know
we can do it if we believe zero stop it
the wardens coming he's out of here I'm
gonna do a kaboom on this tiny thing
your back is so red I know it hurts look
at it alright that's enough of these
turns out you're limited to ideas with
tiny little trampolines and do one pool
that doesn't move so we're gonna go
inside probably play some guitar hero
man I've got to be expert right now all
right you see that little go looking
bastard yeah I got to get him beat let
me show you how hard it is it's
ridiculous I got
show on Netflix that's why I freaking
lose every time
oh my gosh I beat it and now I got to
beat him again I got to survive it I'm
gonna literally I'm already in red
though when you start really left off
I'll go ahead
you're all way back to our goal
yeah baby oh yeah that's my second time
beating guitar here on expert yeah
you're rock legend already knew that
from the beginning yeah I had a video
Chavez hurry oh god nobody watched it it
was actually a pretty good vlog I
thought I'm Tanner Bron gar and as been
Guitar Hero three legends of Rock you
guys am I Casey Neistat yet guys check
out my parking it's because you put my
parking brake down and it wouldn't budge
like I'd never used it before so it
wasn't working too well so I had to
drive with my parking brake on so I
didn't want have to back up and keep
going cuz it's hard on the car so I just
parked like an idiot and it was awesome
yeah we're gonna go to Dillon's I just
need my boosted board dude and then I'm
be Casey nice to send me any more money
and I'll kill myself
Brett you shouldn't be able to see the
microphone alright guys I'm gonna go try
to fix this microphone to get so much
for watching don't forget to leave a
like a share with friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for you and I'll see you guys
in the next one peace out
