what's going on guys today we're about
to go get my cousin Logan we're planning
on doing insane roof jumping part two
today well you guys know if the videos
title that or not but I don't yeah
hopefully we get to do it we're gonna
get we're gonna haul the trampoline to
this farm it's my grandpa's farm
both my grandpa's are farmers but we'll
haul it there and then jump off the
grain bin some other cool stuff
hopefully not die Big Time Rush playlist
to the gun
Logan Brown guard everybody go subscribe
to his channel it's gonna be in the
description this video I've given a
shout out to Dylan Quinton now him it'd
be the last one for now at least
and yeah are you ready yeah
let's go okay we're gonna go outside
start taking down the trampoline got the
drone and everything charged up and
throw it in the back and then we'll get
all the mattresses and pads cuz I don't
feel like dying today and then we'll
head out hopefully my grandpa's okay
with it because he hasn't answered my
calls alright what scale if you can't
tell the frame has still been a lot
hopefully it doesn't break and hopefully
we can put it back up because I don't
even know how this thing's still
together honestly these Springs are like
impossible to get off so I'll just show
you whenever we're done if we get done
we have to do this because they're all
like will not come out of these holes
you have to do this
and unhooking the other way we have to
leave all these Springs on and try to
get the frame apart and then bring it
you guys better leave a like okay so I'm
dying slowly
best trampling ever that's enough of
that go fast go google wait I'm not done
yet
all right so somehow we're gonna have to
fit all these pads into the back of the
truck along with the trampoline let's
just hope this works well first want to
see how to get out of this all you got
to do we got the mini-tramp stuff out of
the back of the truck yes I know my
garage is clean you don't tell me and
now we got to put everything in the back
of the truck we're gonna put the pads in
the back first and then laid the
trampoline over it so hopefully it won't
blow out
I had agreed someone ripped one of my
pads in half I guess it was more of a
nightmare 30 enamel all right we got all
the stuff trash can full of springs in
the mountain there then all the pads
crown in there
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
say that it feels right
right
s'alright s'alright s'alright I'm just
going with the guy never had a doubt
felt like this is just the boss for me
and perspective on the deepest in the
card everybody tune in everyone this is
just for us now we know I ain't 100 I
don't call them back girl let me see you
hold it down we gonna have a blast
I just want to know what you're gonna do
with all of that ain't gotta say where I
am so you can have it all watch me live
it off I'll admit it you got me has
enough people when it's going down oh
that we gonna be dog young shot I would
be a wanna know that you know
guards go I can never ever find the
right words there's no way this is real
life there's no telling you're the right
so I can only say that it feels dry let
my talk is my hands are so sweaty
alright we are all packed up and ready
to go I don't think I'm ever going to
put this much work into a YouTube video
ever again you say that now I think you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to leave in like a share with your
friends if you enjoyed subscribe you new
is stay tuned for more awesome videos
peace out
haha I sweep the new mini trampolines in
comment what we should do with this
trampoline Thank You Skybound this is
the last thing but lately I've been
talking to some people and I think I
might be doing some merchandise soon so
if I did what would you guys like to see
on it leave a comment down below and if
I pick your idea also and do something
for free thank y'all for watching
difficult little peace out
hey Kate guess what 200k now you have to
fall in love with me goodbye
