all right so before I get into this
snapchatting I wanted to drive around
talk to you guys a little bit all my
videos lately have been we have an idea
for the day and then we just set out and
do it and I haven't really had the
chance to just sit down talk to you guys
for a while so by the way I get so many
people asking how I'm driving when I'm
15 years old and I guess the laws are
just different here if you take driver's
education and you pass your test and
you're a certain age then you can drive
here but anyway a few updates
I just bought a wide-angle lens it's
being shipped to Best Buy right now I
should be able to pick it up tomorrow or
the next day that's just like the lens
like Casey Neistat a nerf ox if you have
the youtubers use it looks really good
and you can still zoom in so it's kind
of like a mix between the fisheye and
the normal lens one thing in particular
I wanted to talk about is lately I've
been and just like a bad mood I don't
know if it was like the arguments of
some of you know I got into with Jukes
squad I'm not going to talk about that
very much but ever since me and him had
like a little argument I wouldn't really
I don't know what it was but but we
talked about like who was poppin who and
he was just upset with me using the
trampoline versus title stuff for like a
day of back-and-forth tweeting at each
other he DM me and we work some stuff
out and I was just like okay I won't use
the trampoline verses anymore I guess
it's your thing I mean all of you guys
that have been following me since like a
couple thousand followers you guys know
I started from trampolines like that's
all I did I did flips and that's how I
got my followers on Instagram and after
I got those flipping followers I did one
vlog on Christmas and everybody wanted
to see more videos so I was like okay
I'll keep making videos and now it's
grown to almost two hundred thousand
subscribers I wish I could thank each
and every one of you guys it's just such
a big number and it's come in such a
short amount of time during the meetup I
hit 50,000 subscribers and that was like
June 28th so and now it's like July 12th
right now when I'm filming this and in
that time I've got one hundred and forty
thousand subscribers I don't really get
it I guess I've gotten lucky with a few
videos like the like the bridge jumping
and then the water bottle trick shots
and now the trampoline verses water bed
but what
it is I'm really thankful for it and I
don't know if my channel will keep
growing the same but I'm just going to
keep making fun videos because I set out
on YouTube to make fun videos that I
could share with you guys in hopes that
you guys would like them as much as I do
and now the best part about what I do is
that I can just be like hey mom I want
to go film a bridge jumping video today
if I didn't have YouTube she'd probably
be like she would have like tons of
concerns with it but now that I'm
filming it and I'm putting on YouTube
and now it's like grown to something
okay have fun
just be careful and she's okay with it
the best part about YouTube is I can do
fun stuff that I've always wanted to do
and I get to share with everybody and
the thing is I have so much stuff
planned for the future so many big
projects meeting with people it's going
to be crazy I don't want to give away
anything because I want everything to be
a surprise and make it even better so
I'm not gonna say much but but just
stick around guys this channel is going
to be awesome I promise you another
thing yesterday I went into the online
school place to like get my schedule and
stuff figured out and I'm going to be
taking super easy classes like the
easiest classes I can get so I can still
be making YouTube videos as much as I
can for you guys because whenever the
school year starts and it gets cold and
it's not as fun out anymore I honestly
don't know what I'll be doing for
YouTube videos I mean I guess I got a
few months to figure it out all my
friends are going to be going back to
public school that I make videos with
right now like Quinton and Dylan so I'll
be on my own for videos for the most
part unless I'm going to be traveling a
lot which hopefully I have the
opportunity to I still to find out
everything with the online school
because I don't know exactly what their
rules are whatever we went in there they
said that they gave you all the work for
the semester right at the beginning and
of course there's deadlines like at the
end of the week you're supposed to have
this much done but I'm pretty sure I can
get it stretched out to where I can
travel make videos and still get my work
done and make everything work out ever
since my channel started growing
more the last thing on earth I want to
happen is to not be able to make good
videos for you guys as much as I can
right now I have it set up to where I'll
be finishing high school in a year and a
half and I'm going to be a junior so
I'll be getting done half the semester
early and I'm going to be taking pretty
easy classes I don't know if I'll be
going to college or anything I guess
I'll figure that out of my do YouTube
channels to success in a few years one
last thing we were going to film insane
roof jumping Park to today all my
friends were doing stuff so we're doing
it tomorrow
hi that's all I wanted to talk to you
guys about I'll see you guys back
whenever oh but in snapchats in a little
bit I'm gonna go drive around free my
mind yeah peace out hi guys we're home
let's get right into it I guess we'll
start at the bottom alright we'll start
right here I love you I love you too
Henry I'm gonna try to reply to as much
people as I can for fun you learned how
to do a backflip because I mean yes make
me feel so important I show you're
watching there oh we got a reply
this guy looks super familiar for some
reason man too much creativity I love
the artwork in that one and I love you
too Giroux buy some G feel and do the
gamma challenge I don't know why he's
laughing himself but I tried that G fuel
in my p.o box opening somebody sent it
to me it actually wasn't that bad I
could see myself drinking it I can't
really say I felt energetic or anything
after it because after we poured ours
and we drank it it was really gross so I
didn't drink the rest but whatever oh my
god
okay good just good good thing he's
kidding because that's I haven't talked
about the Duke squad thing at all and I
didn't really plan on doing it and I
still don't plan on doing it
okay weighs in if my mom could do it you
can do it okay by the way guys my mom
went to the chiropractor she had some
kind of rotating thingy right here or
something messed up and the chiropractor
said she's lucky she didn't break her
neck so no more back flips for her I'm
guessing I was gonna print out this
guy's name but I don't know how to hey I
can't do so which one in here we had a
cat once it it died he got ran over
and okay this is like a fifth black
screen of open Smurfs dog is filled
Smurf wrong upper bounce I don't know
what upper bounce is but holy frickin
crap
there you go we're twins bro what's up
dude you're my favorite youtuber put
this on your video right now please come
on come on man you the best thank you
it's definitely going in my video
because I love you and I love that
accent
holy Frick I'm actually getting more
snapchats as I'm opening these Frick I
can't even scroll down my snap check it
automatically brings me back to the top
uh-huh Jacob phlegm snorts yes is big I
used to have a printed off picture of
Jacob Sartorius whenever I made music
Li's I want to make more musical E's but
I'm out of ideas I don't know I need to
do something stupid all these people
says I already opened them and I didn't
Oh God
I'm seven years old whenever I started
trampoline and my favorite trick is
probably triple backflip now I mean I
only did like four of them but and
they're way easier to land the triple
front flips oh okay you're obviously the
one that's freaking high are you kidding
me why don't we have guys like you at my
school hope someone's calling me what's
answer it's not working
yeah what's up oh I'm seeing a face I
can trying to be quiet like a parents or
asleep or something yeah yes thank you
dude I'm gonna go ahead and move on the
next person but I love you all right
peace out man it's the fans that keep me
going guys he likes my shower curtain
it's actually my sister's I just take a
lot of showers in there because she has
this perfect lid so you can sit your
phone on listen to music and by music I
mean Big Time Rush
well thank you I can see your freaking
name because they keep scrolling up but
thank you so much and 50% of my comments
on my videos don't even have to do with
the video they're just and you're
growing so fast and I appreciate them
but I get it okay oh god my friend
Quentin who just text me at that time I
got his teeth pulled today to his wisdom
teeth and maybe some others and that's
why I couldn't film the video I wanted
to do today but that's nice and when I
snapchat you back Avery it's the
weirdest thing you've ever done
uh probably watch that snapshot you just
sent me I'm just kidding hmm the
weirdest thing I've ever done probably
jump off my trampoline naked in the
middle of the day
naked freaking jump yep that's my
background
you're jealous I know it give me
something random to do just kidding
don't do that sped see my mom send me a
snapchat and like she told me upstairs
she was gonna send me one and I was
gonna be funny and I should open it well
I can't because it just didn't once I
get so many I think I love you too I
love all you guys here say I do
alright I got a good reply to this one
hopefully it was the right person or
else it's gonna be weird it was weird
anyway tan or drunk or you know put this
on your video what I got yeah I was
joking about that one I'm really not
gonna let you down I'm just gonna give
you a big hug like sad
video oh my god
I can't even imagine how bad is just
throat hurts after screaming like that
well I'm glad and I hope you haven't
gotten hurt from them because I don't
want to be liable for that actually get
a lot of people that tell me I got them
into flips and it's really cool because
it used to not be a sport at all
nobody even really did it and then all
of a sudden now there's kids everywhere
buying trampolines and they're all doing
tricks and I think it's also fishy on
the toilet can we get a streak I would
love to make streaks with you guys but
snapchat is like the one social media I
have where I still only have like my
real life friends added so I can
snapchat them and stuff cuz guys look at
these look at that look at those
hamstrings right there that's freaking
awesome I keep trying to show the camera
but you guys can already see it whatever
I don't know how many girls you get but
it's not enough his mouth was gone he
didn't have him out it was just gone I
don't need these kind of pictures and my
snapchat opening okay that's what you
get for that hey the 12.8 actually I
think it's gotten up to like 13 fold up
let's check my audiences Oh check it out
fourteen point three we're going up
we're making it girls
whoo I think I won
okay guys I'm gonna have to end it on
that one thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
and share with the friends if you
enjoyed these videos always take for
every day because I to go on for the
audio bah bah bah bah anyway maybe like
share the friends all the good stuff
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys in the next one peace out
you
