what's going on guys I am a shirt off
still for all the people to get mad my
trampoline vs. water bed video because
put a shirt on you skinny boy here's my
nipple for you yeah I was going to make
a comment reading video and read a lot
in the comments because people were
getting like pretty angry that I was
destroying my waterbed that already had
a hole in it but I figured there's way
too many stupid comments to go through
and explain and everybody saying I've
had it like everything handed to me and
I'm a spoiled brat yet I bought all my
camera equipment stuff by myself and
some of it I don't even use like this
anyway today we are going to be trying
to teach my mom a backflip and we'll try
to make it happen for you guys and also
over the past few days I've been meeting
some fans cuz I've actually you know
gone outside my house I'm kidding but uh
yeah I was thinking about doing trying
to teach a fan of backflip so let me
know what you guys think of that I think
it'd be a pretty cool idea go pick him
up and have him come over and then I
tried to use my backflip hopefully it
works out hopefully doesn't get hurt and
sue me and yeah let's do this well it's
a little bit windy today but hopefully
this wind cover will actually do its job
you ready for this mom okay you believe
in yourself
sure okay so she's seen like all my
videos and my flipping videos and stuff
and she's come out and watched me but
have you ever tried to flip in your wine
okay
I need one front flip into the foam pit
and
I just okay so I get it you're so old
that your bones are fragile I'm kidding
but stand at the edge of the pads and
try to go over your shoulder put your
arm down look at the pads try to make
your feet go over like a rainbow and try
to act like you're jumping over
something like this it's scary because
you never practice try to go over a
little I am 42 Oh take a little bounce
pull your arms back and then go over hey
that was almost it it didn't hurt though
did it
no see foam pads are doing their job
just be confident don't let yourself
freak out or try to keep going more and
more over your shoulder there you go my
pads are all dirty because some kids at
the Meetup poured bleach on them cuz
it's the new funny thing to destroy
other people's stuff it's hilarious
pretty much already landed on the head
so I can't do any worse yeah you could
that's what landing on your head looks
like you didn't commit or else you would
have done it I even have enough leg
power to do it you're not trusting
yourself he froze in midair
that's how people get hurt I just went
to the chiropractor he's gonna call me a
dumbass
let me show you we just did okay let me
spot you hey then land on your head hey
that was almost a backflip just go more
and more straight
as a backflip pretty much well we're
going to get you to do one by yourself
without my help eventually that's a
backflip let's keep doing that until
you're doing it by yourself all right
you already did it once you're not
you're fine so just keep doing the same
thing so I do a triple flip can do it
get out of your way that's my first
triple front flip since the Meetup
that's pretty much by yourself I didn't
really do much
we're gonna keep spamming see I only
just barely barely feel it there you go
now keep doing that I didn't do crap
really just a few more and then I think
you'll be ready to do it by yourself
what really did anything I think you're
ready hey you already did it once by
yourself let's keep doing it until you
get it landed I'm gonna be back here
just in case okay
there you go you're almost there
you got to pick your feet under you try
to land like a sumo wrestler there you
go
you almost landed it with hands guys if
my mom can do this any of you can do
this that is so true
please use this as a tutorial to teach
yourself but don't get hurt
but for real have somebody's watching
jump a little bit higher in your landed
I just do one player do you can't burn
on your nose yes yeah what happened my
son is better but mom think you could
say you landed a back foot that was like
the slowest bear drink break mom we've
got an idea for you jump off that
trampoline onto this one just jump so
you know how it feels to jump from
something and land on your feet because
right now you're just landing on your
feet and falling there you go you gotta
do a back foot and you gotta on our feet
and that's how it's your feel okay you
ready yep if I get a single you have to
get a double that's funny
closer you went faster
closer I'm gonna try going that way
because when I get dragged and see my
feet
Oh buddy we're so close use your hands
why would I do that to me
okay I can do it I can get your arms
when you lighted it and there's like
that
there you go throw it like that again
throw it just as hard
about time how does it feel mom to know
that you've done a back flip I'm in so
much pain good I'm so happy alright guys
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to leave a like and share with
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if you
knew and all they get stuff and I'm out
peace
you
