I'm starting to feel like a phase guys
thanks guys just like a raccoon tail
let's put it on the camera get it on I
look like a real youtuber now also guys
my waterbeds gone but we have this bed
mattress now it almost fits and it's
pretty great mic test do we uh what's
going on guys today MacDonald still
hasn't sponsored me it's another sad day
in the world but today we're gonna be
opening your guys's packages I'm here
with my friend Quentin but this time I'm
using my sacred dagger that I used in my
last video at the water bed oh my god
Tanner you copy jug squad Shetty's the
only person in the world with the
trampoline and a camera whoo-hoo anyway
you also copy Tanner folks oh I did yes
older than you he was named Tanner first
oh I'm sorry Tanner so in the last video
there was like two or three packages and
like tons of letters I'm gonna leave the
letters out for the most part in this
video but uh yeah you need a knife
there's a knife on me switch this one's
on it's cool this is actually for
killing demons so let's separate this
stuff out the letters that have been
written like personally to me I realized
I probably shouldn't say all them on
camera if people don't want it to be on
there so I'm just gonna read all of them
and packages will show on camera look
the oles makes me really sad
they all have better handwriting than me
guys this is my favorite one right down
here Oh brick
it says Tanner flip daddy Braungart if
you follow me on twitter you'd already
know that but you don't follow me it's
okay I get that okay we're gonna start
with this one well that one's the sword
oh no freaking way this is dope this
hats dope this is actually stupid Oh to
actually say do I'm going to wear this
hat actually that's awesome I only have
two hats
it's the ones you've seen repeatedly
warned in my videos the black and gray
one and then the white one they both say
elite one so I own don't hurt my hair
I'll try it on in the end of the video
okay we're gonna spy stuff we open
behind us whoo this is like the same
thing that my mic came in this morning
so
hey said a love letter you can keep
those are for him right I could tell the
easiest way oh yeah the ones that I got
in my first peel box opening we're just
a little bit too big by like a lot a lot
oh here's a letter here's your birthday
gift have some nice birthday sex
please get my utica shadow also
youtube.com slash bin C VNSNY I upload
short films and adventures bin Schneider
so it's been snide I'm still convinced
neat
benzene hey hey well thank you so much
for this I actually I love that Bin's
knee we're gonna cut each other it's
gonna be funny I'm going to tape with a
sacred dagger for tape is meant for
Damon's there's a lot of crap on this
yes it is forgot we gotta put it in jail
before you send it to me use these gift
it uses you I can't really use das a
gift is in vid Oh use these gifts in a
video the stock should help your feet
when you end in the pool lol enjoy the
coconut bra throw the balloons at your
sister and I got a knife you asked for
haha it's in the bag with the playing
cards I'm 13 live in Hershey PA
Pennsylvania right package day follow
and shout me out on instagram at mason
swims keep flipping mason thanks mason
this is a nice coconut Bravo beautiful
soccer women's two water balloons tiny
freaking knife you know what I'd rather
use my sacred dagger than this night
Mason wait you should have sent me a
Mason knife oh there's a beach ball - I
don't know if I read that no no no no
you get this nothing it even using the
blade side oh there's a dinosaur when
someone says song that is me drinking
bleach hey Tanner my name is Dan
Radcliffe I wasn't in Harry Potter I've
actually seen this guy's likes and
comments and all my stuff it's a good
supporter I love you Daniel thank you so
much but I'm gonna read this off-camera
just jogging thing is milk chocolate
coin I know you like pink oh my gosh
thanks Danielle who uses a frisbee go hi
here's something you wanted Jake England
PS could you give my youtube a shout out
it's Jake England I told you I'd send a
knife because
love how I just all of a sudden can't
read whenever I'm opening stuff on
camera public school did you will help
me hopefully online school will help me
out he really looks like glue you really
must like tape there's a tech deck in
here and a big nail oh this one has
rigids I'm on anything you need no oh
look I need to put that filming sign
back up
thanks for the tech deck Jake this is
ones for Tanner flip daddy Braungart
too so this is from the same guy I feel
like it's a sure it's got to be assured
let's hope he gives a 6 foot water
balloon so we could go to the old video
yeah then I want to be coughing juice
squad I wait yes I would
what is a trommel or nation oh my god
you squat exposed they copied the slow
mo guys who did the 6-foot water bloom
first oh my god everyone is copying
everyone nipples got it
this is a guy or girls I don't know I
think it's a guys little okay where do
you even buy one of these store oh I
love it
well thank you guys so much for watching
we're gonna go ahead wait all this a lot
more
this one's from Grayson Sanders oh gosh
what is that bunch of stickers you put
him on your computer I could maybe sent
those stickers that I could put them on
my macbook
did you ever say how you wanted to make
your macbook more interesting yet this
one looks like my in-ground trampoline
height and my name is Grayson I've been
watching you for about eight months you
have inspired me to try stuff that I
would never do you taught me how to do a
backflip on the ground
could you please autograph a piece of
paper and send it back it's okay if you
don't also can you follow me on
instagram at Grayson underscore Sanders
Thanks all right so I'm not gonna be
able to autograph people stuff and sit
back there's so many people like sitting
in ask me for that now because I said I
wouldn't my last video but I was only
gonna be able to do that to the those
two people and even sent those back yet
I'm not gonna be able to sign everything
sadly I can do like an electronic
signature on my phone hope you can
understand this one's already ripped so
I'm scared just a phone case tanner
Braungart folks four days do Tanner I'm
a 13 year old that love slopes and it's
all because of you you always cheer me
up when I'm watching you also congrats
on 70k we're out 135k now PS can you
sign this and send it back see I can't
do this everybody Frick let's don't send
me anything that you want me to sign us
in back cause I'm not gonna be able to
sign it send it back there's too many i
I'm gonna do this one okay but but don't
keep doing it cuz it's the guys phone
case and he probably wants it oh my butt
hurts
Christian Tyrone how did you flip it
like that Oh from Christian pyro
entertainer brogard well there's his new
wallet and here's my wallet
I actually used to be my dog's I almost
lost my wallet the other day remember I
almost needed a new what I don't anyone
anymore but I want to keep this anyway
and I might use this something
it Thank You Christian today wait there
was a letter on the phone hey tanner I'm
Christian I've been watching you for one
year and I wanted to give this to you
and by the way I'm 11 my youtube is
Slayer Starro 407 keep up the good work
love your vids my insta is Christian
pyro Thank You Christian
I love you last one yes last one I am
really satisfied with this knife and
it's a cool enough
all right let's read this dear Tanner my
name is Jeffery aka YouTube - win delete
I'm writing this to you because I really
love your videos you're only a year
younger than me which is a huge part of
the reason as to why I love your videos
and can relate to you so much I'm
sending you two packs of G fuel one
because you have accomplished so much
and deserve it - because I feel G fuel
will give you some energy to grind for
cool flips who's calling me at this hour
it's freakin noon one day I hope my mom
will let me get a tramp unfortunately
she says it will ruin the grass at this
moment in time you were at 82 thousand
subscribers you're growing insanely fast
and one day I hope I will be where you
are at my youtube channel consists of
vlogs and Cod videos I notice you like
both of them anyways I hope to be like
you and be able to do cool flips I go to
sky Zone every once in a while they
don't let me do doubles into the foam
pit I know they suck honestly sky Zone
what's wrong with you let some kids have
some fun just sky Zone one who's
actually great because I couldn't do
doubles so I did myself best regards and
God bless Geoffrey thank you so much
Jeffrey I actually love you so much
oh here's his YouTube channel printed it
out god I've never had G fuel in my life
alright we're gonna hear taste test this
right now let's do this oh man titties
hopefully man titties I'm gonna use my
mom's shaker cup and Quentin's gonna use
his McDonald's large sprite coke I just
realized how much of a better camera
angle this is than the one we were using
the whole time just totally sit up with
you strawberry or orange which one do
you want orange is probably terrible so
yeah I'll take this one I'll use the
orange he does strawberry Kiwi it smells
like fun dude yeah it does he dumped the
whole thing in right yeah
walk out
what's both shakers together a little
got on my finger and I look it off and
it actually tasted really good
like it shaken up enough and spin shaken
open okay it smells like a carpet and it
tastes exactly like the cough syrup I
used to take nice little but I liked it
the cough syrup I can see myself
drinking this I don't know how much but
it's okay like all pre-workouts or
energy stuff like this tastes really
weird it's not it just tastes like
orange juice that's been out in the Sun
a little too long but you'll still drink
it you want enjoy mine it smells just
like orange juice oh this is scoff
syrupy
I like the strawberry Kiwi more I like
the orange better well god I should have
sweat from the beginning I'm looking
drink the rest wasteful you can have it
I don't want it let's mix it that is
disgusting
you've spilled your cough syrup in my
orange juice hahaha okay don't mix them
together but that's pretty much it for
this video guys
I'll wait got put on the hat man I tried
to escape today often twice now oh it's
even got a little wrapping thing on the
dope just to keep it clean that looks so
nice I don't even smoke weed but I'm
gonna wear this alert wow that didn't
mess up my hair too bad I like it I
actually look so cool especially with
these man titties and with the little
lines everywhere it looks really cool I
love it so thank you - who sent this
stuff that's really cool I love it and
everybody else I'm gonna go read these
and it's all yours buddy
oh so you said how I'll be making a
channel soon and I didn't want to make
any videos just with my iPhone cuz yeah
it's just it'd be terrible video quality
me and him are both gonna buy canon
powershot g7x --is and then he's gonna
give me his old laptop to add it on so
once I buy that I'll start making my own
videos and that's it thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like and share with the friends if you
enjoyed it subscribe if you're new
but for real guys Jude squads right I've
never done any trampoline stuff really
in my whole life I mean it wasn't my
first video or anything like that
