what's going on guys today we're here
with my waterbed and we're gonna empty
it out we're gonna bring it up my window
well then we're gonna fill it right back
up on my trampoline and we're gonna try
to pop it for a video for you guys I'm
gonna get a new bed anyway and screw it
this is trampoline versus waterbed and
it's gonna be sick I hope so it'll just
be a big waste of time alright so first
we need to get this thing empty so I'm
gonna climb up out there and get the
hose and such this is where I sneak out
to meet boys don't tell my mom here we
go now we got our hose I gotta figure
out how to make this contraption work so
for some reason the water just started
going in and now my room is completely
soaked oh my god yo my computer is under
there who's doing these checks to us
dude thank God my computer is on this
little wooden thing down here what the
hell okay the water so the Mo's was
saying there's like five minutes and
rarely discerns
yeah we're all really sitting down there
what the fuck this is stupid we broke
another piece we have to go find it we
found a bag of stuff the water here's
gonna be some nasty we have not cleaned
it in forever
tell tell tell tell tell here's a towel
yeah oh my gosh accidentally cut in
front of my mom's I mean I'm in the
clear okay turns out water won't flow up
so we're gonna go ahead and put it in my
bathroom okay we're gonna stick this
hose in the vacuum off yep there's a
little bit of water coming out this
actually works I will be very surprised
ready to get a smaller hose because this
one's not cutting it now we wait we're
coming out
okay we're gonna go eat and get some ice
cream and stuff and we're just gonna
throw some weights on until we get back
because we're sick of sitting on my
waterbed so I'll see you guys in a
little bit update we got our ice cream
we came back and it's getting a little
bit lower not too much lower but so hard
for our love yes like mine caves over
there still a little bit too heavy to
carry up the window well but probably
give it another 15 minutes and we should
be good all right since we're impatient
we're going to go ahead and try to lift
this up out the window well because
we're sick of waiting for this it's
going really freaking slow there we go
all right we've got the GoPro we've got
the iPhone for slow motion and we've got
the DJI phantom 3 professional and the
Canon 70d I'm filming on so we should
have enough cool angles to capture this
moment and hopefully it breaks us
I'll probably cry yeah we're going to do
it on that circle over there because
it's the crappiest trampoline I have and
not too many trampolines I'm it for that
and I don't really want to break my in
ground or that new one over there so
we're gonna do it on that one right
there
all right we almost got the net off last
Pole look at how bent this is oh my gosh
this thing is already so bad initiate
time-lapse mode we're gonna put this
mattress underneath it so whenever it
breaks we don't get to her
it's officially on the mattress and I'm
afraid these Springs are going to go
ballistic and start flinging at us
because they're stretching and I'm gonna
have to stop the time-lapse because my
camera is going to run out of space and
yes taking forever
guys I hope you know whenever this
thing's full weighs about 1,300 pounds
it's like me and Quentin combined right
almost
teamwork
Oh
it hurts too little them now what front
flip
you
ah it won't burst
well we're not just going to now let it
pop so we have a sacred knife hopefully
I won't stab myself jumping off with it
and I'll just stab it in to the waterbed
let's jump on it real quick
ah
I'm becoming one with the waterbed ah
and there it goes
oh we did it let's go waterbed shopping
tomorrow well thank you guys for
watching don't forget to leave a like
and share with friends be enjoyed and
subscribe if you're new I'll see you
guys in the next one
peace out
yeah
