guys I might be missing my daily upload
today I stayed up all night but we still
have to go to the airport and I've
edited like nine I'm gonna try my best
to get it up even if it's late I'm
trying but this sucks and we're about to
leave what is going on guys today we
were back in today I hope you guys are
all having a great day I have to use
this mirror because Taylor's taking the
big one oh is that a photo of me from
the place oh yeah I'm pretty excited to
be home because I want to shave the
little beard and fix my eyebrow hair I
want to pet my dog O's and I want to go
to my grandma's I need to be home just a
needy guy this morning huh you are every
morning actually
Oh
so we are at the airport now we have one
more flight to catch we have 20 minutes
left of trying to upload this video and
I've been sitting here for like an hour
with Quentin his has three minutes
because he just hits the ten minute
barrier and then ends his video come on
no I try to get to the 10 minute very I
never do that this video is 13 minutes
long so it's taking a while I have a
hospital on my phone that I pay monthly
for I pay for this thing monthly so I
can get my videos up when I'm traveling
but there's no good answer everything's
slow megabytes throughout the waves of
the internet just don't get to the
device and share it to the interwebs I
haven't been vlogging this whole time
because I've been worrying about this
what we're definitely doing the weekly
Q&A in today's vlog in the Attic with
Quentin and we only have one more flight
Hey what new stuff did you get for the
Attic surprise a surprise you're gonna
set it up for when I get home or what we
already have a coffee table or did we
break our coffee paper it's still there
bro where do you have a coffee table we
spent like two hours building it bro
have you not even been in the Attic no
you get to take back the car you got
yourself into that mess I want bunk beds
so Maine Quentin can sleep in one bed
okay see you when I get home good night
and it is cold here attics about to be
freezing let's hug - I'm gonna warm up
my vocal so that I can do the rose and
Luna voice as soon as we get home so I
can greet them no need I can't do with a
camera cause
I can't do it I just say well that's
boring we need to get a third dog named
scooby-doo so I can do my Scooby Doo
voice right Bri Taylor what's your voice
for hot dogs okay we made it home and
all of the Christmas lights are off Luna
chewed up an extension cord so all of
them shut off it just looks dumb the
external garage still hasn't biked good
thing Luna you're not getting the Attic
and mess up that hi Tristan if you had
it getting warmed up you turn the heater
fan on us I did you know it's funny what
we bought the same really yeah they
brought in a new stick seems like they
really like it they shaved it down
Tristan's definitely been hanging out in
here because there's dishes everywhere
and we all know that I'm a clean person
Tristan put on for tonight but I'm gonna
play Forza horizon 3 because I'm gonna
keep looking at Lamborghinis you're
something in your mouth and you're not
growling what's that about what's that
about granted where are you he might
already be in the Attic
I hear rap music yeah baby
I freaking miss this place holy crap
dude it feels like forever Quinn just
pointed out that the lava lamps froze
over it gets that cold in here look at
this one they're just frozen in place to
be
his ribs right through
since Tristan bought the same exact
coffee table that we already have we're
either gonna stack it on top of the
current one or put it next to it and
just have like a really long coffee
table you guys can already tell it's
pretty short but this room's not that
big so it fits the size um that thing in
the big box is the centerpiece for this
just telling you now okay look it's like
some redneck
oh nice I like it oh you got a rope that
says relax in your room no I wish upon a
star your game Daffy Duck
oh my god what is that it's a pac-man it
glows yeah a little bit less of the
fairy tales this is man cave it's a
giant drapy thingy for that holy crap
it's big this thing's trippy let's do it
one thing this place lacks a restroom
microwave oven a fridge he got candy he
got stripper beads it's a bead thing
that you put by a door that you can walk
through oh that's actually a good one
Albert Einstein see that's funny last
but not least the big box let's just get
in our knife stash and what to do it do
you just think glimmers whatever it is
it's big what is it it's a giant dragon
skull what the hell money don't worry he
used my credit card for this this thing
is going on the second coffee table
found my wallet
that would have been nice on the trip oh
yeah no it was up here the whole time
we're gonna clean up a little bit set a
few things up and then we'll get into
the QA that weekly Q&A hey this time
uh-huh I sit on the left and dieter I've
said it before and I will say it again
if you guys want to be involved in the
weekly Q&A just go follow me on Twitter
a brand art tanner so your questions
compete in my videos and I can answer
whatever you want to know by the way my
ring looks amazing in this room because
of all the light can we get some shine
in here maybe not he's gonna read me the
questions I have a sophomore education
and in our school they don't teach you
to read no senior view what is the worst
part about being a youtube the honest
answer is all of the things that come
with it you're not just a youtuber
making videos and then
make money like there's a million things
go into it you're you become a public
figure where nothing is priceless
I literally cannot even begin to explain
how much I have to do it's all part of
the grind so I don't dislike it but it
was hard at first to get used to it
especially when I only had like one to
two million I was so lost and I
literally felt so stuck and I had no
clue what the hell I was doing I had
like no one that would help explain
YouTube because really no one even knows
still nobody yeah YouTube is a blip in
the universe next time what do you think
you'd be doing if you hadn't started to
youtube I would still be driving my
Mustang where is somewhere you really
want to travel to Alaska Norway Sweden
Australia I want to go to a lava lamp
Factory so I can see how the hell did
making our lava lamps are still friends
who is your celebrity crush Keira
Knightley Kate Upton Sadie Robertson
Quentin McCarthy and the friends version
of Jennifer Aniston she's still hot
don't get me wrong which one do you like
more mm-hmm Lambert's Queenie or p1
cleaner the new church shoes yet I've
talked about this a lot okay if I get a
lamborghini aventador I can also get
like an RV a little bit after that a
McLaren p1 costs almost three times as
much as my house addict well the Attic
is part of my house but still big waste
of money and I need another goal to work
for so probably the Lamborghini
Aventador is probably what I'm gonna go
with and there's the title I have chosen
what Carmen again don't hate me for the
Photoshop I'm just practicing what is
the story behind your wing tattoo and
why'd you get it well I'm keeping that
private I'm not saying nothing
really yeah will you ever go back to the
old Walmart and do a 24-hour challenge
yes yes to what I said I'd do that I
don't think it's happening what are your
favourite tunes to feed your ears your
favorite song Coldplay ghost stories
okay their album is amazing it will put
you to sleep I tweeted about it listen
to it the whole plane fly do you plan on
getting any more tattoos and if so what
would they be I was actually in
California and I was really debating
getting another one but then I kind of
changed my mind so I was like if I don't
know I want it that I'm not gonna get it
I think that was about a month ago so I
haven't gotten one in a while I don't
know if I'm gonna get any more to be
honest I don't have one that I really
want this size YouTube what is your
dream job probably still a stuntman man
man probably flying through the ocean
man man yeah man we should man throw me
in the sand when is your song releasing
oh I need to film the rest of that
there's
two clips I haven't filmed I'm sorry
it'll come out within a week also the
same with me and him racing I need to
learn how to go fast better do you think
the money has changed for better or
worse
it made my finger look cooler so better
yeah without money I wouldn't have a
cool attic warehouse or a car we're more
concerned about the Attic yeah do you
plan on going on your own tours that is
a secret but that's also a great
question because I don't want to even I
don't even want to talk about it really
because I don't have specific like
dislike it concept yeah but if it
happens it will be absolutely amazing
I'm not even going to talk about anymore
but it'll be duh let's do three more
questions how was your anxiety do I've
only had a couple anxiety attacks within
the past few weeks I got a little bit
bad in Vegas cuz I wasn't getting the
best vibes at first but then after I was
hanging out with my friends and we were
flipping and just chillin it got better
and I think what I've learned as you get
older you're gonna be able to better
understand your brain and distract it
and get just into the moment that's
basically what anxiety is not being able
to live in the moment it's your brain
thinking about a million different
things and causing an attack on your
physical health and your mental health
I've been doing better I've obviously
been acting happier in the vlogs because
I truly am happy if I'm not happy I'm
literally just gonna be like how do you
feel about this photo ah that's my
mother she learned from the best that's
my favorite snapchat filter by far last
one how different was your life exactly
one year ago - the duct at 11:16 p.m.
exactly a year ago what were you feeling
don't know I was just a confused
youtuber I was grinding still Lambo guys
that is the weekly Q&A I hope you loved
the beautiful scenery probably all of
them from now on will be filmed up here
if you guys like it and again thank you
guys so much for watching all my videos
for real I freaking love you so much
Tang Clan my hands are cold I'm actually
about to go inside not staying the night
up here again but yeah thank you guys so
much watch this video and don't you
leave like and share this French be
enjoyed subscribe if you new and I'll
see you guys on ice
you just maybe
