what's up guys today we're gonna be
going over to my friend Dillon's house
we're gonna go mess around over there
I'll do another vlog today I was gonna
do the comment reading video today but I
just decided not to yeah my neck is
still a little bit sore from yesterday's
video with the air mattresses on the
wake probably shouldn't have jumped off
the bridge onto it I already knew it
would hurt but I did it anyway which
probably wasn't the best idea but yeah
we're about to head over there now bring
the drone out there maybe get some cool
clips of us jumping out his window onto
his big bean bag and stuff hopefully it
turns out fun and cool and I just got
done watching Casey nice tats video a
video he uploaded about not wanting to
edit happy videos and you see sad stuff
in the world and I completely agree with
him on that US youtubers do watch other
youtubers and he's one of the people I
watch and I couldn't agree with him more
on that it's so hard whenever you see
sad stuff happening in the world you
don't want to show you having fun you
still want to have everybody that
watches you in a better mood you you
want to try your best to make everybody
else happy but at least for me I just
don't want to express my happiness
whenever there's other people out there
that can't experience it at the moment
of time so I'm just gonna try to have
fun today also thank you guys so much
for 110,000 subscribers I hit 110
thousand a day after a hundred thousand
so it's just insane you guys are awesome
my channel is growing insanely fast it's
all thanks to you guys I say thank you
all the time and I probably gets
annoying but it's okay yeah we're gonna
head out to Dillon's house and I'll see
you guys in a little bit I thought that
guy was doing a metal detector he's just
waiting alright let's do this I love
eating weed Oh what do you think Tim see
all right let's do it I'm spider-man
first jump I'm actually really scared of
this so much higher and scary and you
think I hit the ground I think I'll land
right on I there's a gap so just front
flip it now then yeah
I'll want to record from out there yeah
I don't know I just just jump up you on
your feet uh-huh
it's so hard to make yourself dive your
body just wants to flip right when you
get over the ledge and to just make
yourself land on your back so weird okay
didn't you already do one yeah you do a
front 180 yeah dude that is so scary I
just I want to do it off the balcony not
that I'm never really scared of stuff
but I'm like shaking from that where to
get 40% battery but I have a second
battery so should be good it's that time
of day guys
Tristan I'm wearing your underwear I'm
sorry I couldn't find any clean ones and
I'm a clean guy I'll rock about this no
problem it's just a surrounding window
seal yeah it's two walls next to me all
right all right just clean the video
mode start her up
ha
thirty percent battery we got it on home
alright we're thinking castaway off here
even though there's like a little wood
lid kind of sucked and scares me a
little bit but we're they get cast away
and then maybe if you have the tricks
and then we'll call it a day it's really
freaking hot outside
you
all right we're gonna go ahead and shut
the drone off we only had 30 percent on
the other one too so by the way guys
that microphone win cover thing is on
its way sorry about the wind I know it's
still windy it's really annoying
Kansas sucks so everybody go subscribe
to Dylan to link to his channel is in
the description of this video
you gotta start doing video soon just
like Quentin someday we're gonna have a
house like the face house stuff it's
gonna be me Quentin Dylan maybe some
other people who knows and now we're
going to go drive somewhere because we
don't really have anything to do my back
is so achieved from that cast away I
could have landed it I might just do
that without pads no I won't I'm trying
to get this I heard I thought I was a
dad it didn't go off for like 20 seconds
by 20 I mean like 4 but 20 minus 4 is 16
I'm almost 16 Illuminati confirmed
I've got a professional drone holder
here
you
so you we alrighty we are at my
grandparents house we had nothing to do
so we're gonna stop I am do I look like
a little bo-peep Oh little poppers why
is that one so big you're such a good
dad um that's not a big camera honey boo
boo what do you do Inc also I forgot to
tell you guys this turned lanes on the
way it's a small hexagon trampoline from
the same company that sent me the other
one great timing after I already spent
$140 on another one but at least I'll
have two and I don't need to but I I'll
have two will drip from trampoline to
trampoline then off the bridge just
kidding see you later guys look we can
do mini water bottle trick shots that
oh we are back home and you already know
what we're gonna do
hi I'm in a video your skill level and
then your old video mind
WoW is that a freaky 50 note strict
propounded seriously get your hands off
the guitar now you lost your nose
chicken
again what did I get an 88% on expert
one one is actually a really hard song
so that's pretty good but you stop and
we're done with that shout out to my mom
forgive me Panda Express and Taco Bell
and shout out to you for filling the
song you suck hi let's read my fortune
cookie doing Mitchell was a faggot this
kitty says Tish shine is better than to
reflect whatever I even moon alright
guys this morning now I'm gonna go ahead
and in the video there thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to leave
a like and share with friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you knew and I'll
see you guys in the next one
peace out
