what's going on guys today we went to
Walmart and we bought this air mattress
thing and we're gonna bring it back to
the lake that I've been going to a lot
recently the with the bridge and stuff
and we're just gonna mess around it's
gonna be more of a vlog less of a edit
to have done like a vlog in a while so
we're gonna do that ghetto broken air
pump because the one that you plug into
your car and I airs it up automatically
broke and it's so freakin hot out well
we're gonna die Dillon we're gonna die
so they got fishing poles on both sides
we're still gonna jump we got air
mattress number one and the one I just
bought over there and we got this crappy
pump and I couldn't use my click Beatty
rainbow swim trunks because I left them
in my mom's truck and she's like hours
away right now so I'm stuck with these
boring ones I think they'll let me
return it if it doesn't work we're good
it's gonna be on the water wouldn't it
be a waterbed I would jump off the
bridge onto this but I don't really want
whiplash to at least go ask if we can
you see the side of the bridge cuz like
what the head disturb the fishermen but
we're gonna have to
because came out here for a video drove
like an hour and there's no way we're
just gonna sit here people jump off this
idea
mmm yeah that's one lesbians shit it
here did have a lot more ready five
jumping off boat dude I'm gonna catch it
in the air I wish I could be in the
water in film but I don't have any
floating handle shout out to Quentin
because he does have a floating handle
into Quinn's channel is in the
description go subscribe I'll make
videos soon so losses
the gang's all here clay come on dude
this dog looks so cool my pants almost
fell off
I would jump off the bridge onto this
but I don't really want flies all right
guys we got the chest strap on I'm about
to try a triple gainer here we go okay
so this time you're talking it'll be a
double whammy
we saw fishies gonna go try to find it
y'all go oh you got it you got the fish
dude he just noodled it
that's illegal you're going to prison
fabulous started something what's up
guys it's the morning now I didn't
really record much last night because we
didn't really do anything we just went
to McDonald's got some food came back
here played guitar hero till we went to
sleep is that's how we do it anyway
there's one more thing I wanted to talk
to you guys about I was talking to one
of my good YouTube friends and he told
me that an upload schedule is pretty
important to YouTube like you say you're
going to upload Monday Wednesday Friday
you know like that so people know when
your videos are going to be posted but
the thing is about my videos they're
like all completely random like I try to
post daily but some days I miss so I
can't say I'll post daily so I could
just post every other day so you guys
know what I'm posting but at the same
time I want to put as much time and
energy into YouTube as I can but I still
want to try to do it every day because I
love doing it and I want you guys to be
able to watch my videos as much as you
can so I don't really know what to do
keep a random upload schedule to where
you guys don't really know when they're
going to be posted but I post a lot more
or I could just do like every other day
and then like post on the weekends both
days but I don't really know as soon as
school starts back up like online school
since I'm going online school I need to
go to the mandatory meeting they had I
missed it I missed like all three of
them I got to go find out what I need to
do but hold on I'm gonna set this on you
I've stopped using this pretty much just
because every time I set this thing down
now it slowly just bends like that until
it falls like it is it's becoming a
piece of trash the ball head ex still
works great but the gorillapod itself is
just not that great there's no happy
medium my tripod is just a little bit
too heavy and annoying to carry around
and then this thing can adjust and I
could use this thing man I do look
really gross right now I'm gonna put on
my hat at least I have to have that
tripod pushed up against my wall and
then against the box so guys I've been
getting a lot more packages lately like
actual packages and stuff so I feel like
these peel bark videos will be a lot
more entertaining even though I do love
you guys's letters and fan art and stuff
and keeps
them if you want I'm probably gonna not
be reading all the letters out in the
video anymore just because it'll make it
way too long like the last one was like
14 minutes just for like 10 packages or
maybe a little bit more plus it's a
summer I don't want to read come on back
to the online school thing um I don't
know exactly how all of online school
works especially around here like I know
some online schools have like like you
have a certain amount of work handed to
you for a week
and you have all week to get it done you
could get it done within the first
couple days or you could wait till the
last days I don't know how they do it
here I'm guessing it's a little bit
different everywhere that'd be great if
it was like that because then I would
just get it all done at the beginning of
the week and a mess around or I'd mess
around all week having fun and then I
just do it all at the last second I've
always been like an A and B student and
now that I wanted to do YouTube I don't
necessarily need to keep putting so many
hours into school like I could be
putting more and more into YouTube and
just get like C's or DS like I mean I
don't really care anymore I know it's
not like a great attitude but I'll
probably still get B's at least and I
will still put as much hours into
YouTube as I can whenever school comes
around because school is coming up in
like a little bit over a month I have so
much stuff planned for you guys from
August 1st through the 15th I already
have three separate flights to go to
three different places so those already
set in stone and I might drive like
seven hours to see my friend Daniel from
the Meetup if I do that it'll be within
the next couple of weeks
I don't know how busy I'm gonna because
my birthday's coming up July 24th guys
come on send me a package I'm kidding so
yeah I'm not sure about that one but
hopefully we can get it worked out but
yeah keep you guys updated on that
whenever I find out cuz I don't really
know anything right now but I think I'm
gonna do a reading comments video soon I
haven't done one of those in like a long
time they're not necessarily gonna be
like mean comments only like there's
gonna be stuff that would cause
questions come up and stuff cuz like a
month ago my comment section probably a
hundred comments at the most so I could
still read every one of those and I
haven't been able to read them all
lately so I figured I just go through
and try my best to read them all since
I've been lacking on that yeah that's
pretty much it but this video you guys I
spent like eight dollars on that little
air mattress so you guys better leave a
like but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video thank you so much for watching
don't forget to leave a like and share
with your friends if you enjoyed and
subscribe if you're new and I'm out see
you in the next one peace out
yeah hey can you come downstairs just
coming down to my room real quick you
know
please saw it's my favorite song you can
wear my sweater me where my when you go
to sleep at night when you wake up in
the morning and when you walk tall see
girl you know you wanna flaunt it
alright guys after editing this video I
realized the wind sounded horrible so
I'm gonna buy this wind sleeve sock
thingy my Bower I don't know
so hopefully that fixes the problem
because it was really annoying hope you
guys can forgive me for that you know it
would be cheaper put a sock on it oh I
might do that actually
and guys I think we should get rice come
to see my musical ease because I think
you'd really enjoy them it's pretty much
the guys thank y'all for watching bubble
I already did that peace out love you
bye
