ready ready eight feet all right let's
go to measure my room which I do a flip
on the blog so this gets more views do
flip ready nice landing what happens
when you don't trampoline for a while
new triple no I can only do that at the
meet up with everyone watching let's go
our neighbors are prayin appreciate it
being off sitting at their best - it's
the moment of truth so it turns on but
we'll see if it'll play any music let's
go with the traditional let's still work
Matthew
head now cuz I'm out of my mind I'm
gonna get a copyright strike alright
guys I'm here with Quinton we're gonna
go get the drone gonna go fly it buy
some fireworks and try not to lose it
since it's dark out and we're gonna see
how good it is in low-light and if it
turns out like trash then I'll still put
it in the video so cool
me
guys we are still trying to get cleaned
up from the Meetup wait a little bit of
food here
there's the fireworks now let's put this
banner in my room mom this underscore
haunts me I really wish I could bring
that drone to Virginia I don't know if
they'll let me have it on the plane I
know some youtubers have brought it
along with them whenever they go places
but I don't know what they did or how
they did it I guess I'll try and if not
then you can just take it home from the
airport right I guess I got that back oh
yeah I was gonna help be cool icarly not
Big Time Rush so I don't care all right
I gotta move this stuff we measured this
in eight feet is how long this banner is
and from that poster to the corner that
wall is like exactly eight feet it's
gonna be scrunched the light my room
doesn't work so I have to do that and
the ring light to get any light in here
also here's the hole in my freaking
waterbed from somebody at the Meetup I
should probably get a normal bed move my
boat clean in here gross
it just looks bad because of the light
okay all right I'm just gonna show you
guys what it looks like whenever it's
all done because I don't have my tripod
with me right now so I can't set it up
to time-lapse it all right guys we got
the banner up and I figured I'd clean
the rest of my room so I'm about to do
that I need to find a place for all
these pillows because I don't really
think I need all of them yeah the banner
looks pretty sick barely fits but it's
cool
I'm definitely more proud of that one
over there though and check it out whoa
fix the light I also got a spot for my
fan mail
there's drawers under there kinda hard
to see but I put it in those I'll have a
drawer for fan mail and then like
whenever I bring mail from the post
office before I open them I'll have a
drawer for that so everything's nice and
organized alright that alright that's
pretty much it for this video guys thank
you guys so much for watching sorry it
was kind of a short video but I need to
get to editing today's video and then
get started on the 100k special I don't
even know how it's coming this fast but
but I want to have it ready by the time
I get 100k so thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to leave a like
and share with your friends if you
enjoyed and subscribe if you're new and
I'm out peace
and one last thing
