what's up guys my friends Dylan
acquitting are on their way right now
and we're about to head to this bridge
10:00 in town like 15 minutes away from
me yeah I'm just now finding out about
this bridge and we're gonna go jump off
it and do some flips not going to bring
a wetsuit because it doesn't make that
much of a difference anyway and it's way
too hot out so let's go you should be up
first
yeah
so you don't see don't watch this that
was awesome
that's my first ever sidekick
you
I'll start standing up on it okay you
don't look fast do it slow foot just
fall into it
oops go slow there you go I love to fast
but
I got a no from the water
why
alright guys we're back at day two we're
about to go to Walmart to buy a mini
trampoline and we're going to go back to
the bridge then we're going to stick it
on the edge hopefully get the drone
working today because we couldn't
yesterday and we're gonna finish up this
video make it freakin sick there's the
table where my stereo was sitting when I
got ruined from the storm last night and
we have a second pool under the
trampoline all right there's the
spillway never rains this much but we
had a big old storm yesterday after we
left the bridge wow that's water I would
buy this piece of crap but it's a little
bit too big for the back of the truck so
I well they didn't have any that we
liked so we're gonna go to another
Walmart we're gonna go check this other
Walmart I'm pretty stylin in my wetsuit
same liner oh this is kind of a joke but
I guess we're gonna get it guys I'm
spending $140 on the kiddie trampoline
so you better leave a like on this video
okay so just like last time he started
on earned his lesson
he's looking at the water for some
stupid reason haha how you scratch me
kept going
yeah
all right uh somebody go down and help
me are you being serious jump down and
are you all right somebody jumping are
you being serious
I can't breathe wonder why alright we're
wrapping it up that back flop really
hurt I could like hardly focus I could
hardly breathe and thought I was gonna
die for a second there but we're good
and I did a half in layout after it so
we're gonna use this trampoline again
another time when it's not frickin
raining Dillon got tackled twice off the
frickin bridge and yeah it's pretty much
over this video you guys thank you all
so much for watching leave a like if you
enjoy to threaten all the good stuff
subscribe if you're new and I'm out
peace
you
