hey Tanner lucky at 70k way ahead a yeah
thank you guys so much for 70 K I hit 60
K yesterday anyway I figured today we're
gonna be making a P o box opening I need
to go take a bath
alright guys we're here with all the fan
mail from the past couple of weeks I
think 10 K was probably a little bit
early to open a peel box who really
cares and I'm so thankful for everyone
to send something to me like I don't
know if you guys did this or not but if
you do want like a quick shout out or
whatever right in your letter or your
package or whatever and I will do that
another thing thank you guys so much for
all the support on the Midwest Meetup
2016 video it's doing really well and
I'm really happy about it because it
took for freaking ever to edit honestly
it's probably gonna be my longest video
on my channel for like a really long
time and yeah I sat at the computer for
like 12 hours straight to edit that and
no regrets because it turned out really
good it's honestly like a movie and I've
watched it like seven times so I've
wasted a few hours of my life I wasn't
really wasting it but you know all right
let's get the knife my water bed was
popped with thank you to whoever did
that at the Meetup I don't know who it
was and I'm not gonna say who I think it
was but you need a new brain that's all
I'm gonna say okay okay I guess we'll
just start at the top and then go down
high this one's from Mason Farrell I
think you guys would like me to say your
last name I mean fire guys his name
you're gonna be able to like find your
street address look he even put stickers
and everything on this it's pretty sweet
China there's no way this is from China
nobody watches my videos from China I
really need to do a reading mean
comments video again soon that was
really fun oh go guys feels like
Christmas all right so we got a KitKat
hold up hold up hold up hold up Gay
Pride hashtag don't hate you appreciate
from Luke and Mason do I quit you baby
maybe you should do a Quint you baby
you're the baby and guys here I'll show
you real fast my waterbed has these
little drawers right here you can open
up I'll just move some clothes out of
these and I'll make a fan mail drawer
and I have six of those extra drawers so
I can definitely put a ton of stuff in
there and if those ever manage to get
packed then I'll just throw them at my
closet or something I don't know I'll
figure it out it's gonna set it on my
couch right now you miss school you miss
out is it is that like a message telling
me to stay in public school well too bad
whoo I know you secretly loves Star Wars
I've actually never played Star Wars in
my life but hey Batman and then he had
Jones I got some Smarties guys whoo look
at that I don't have a single hairbrush
or anything I usually just get gel in my
hand do that leave it like that if I
even do that much but thank you so much
for all this stuff guys I'm happy with
combs like there's youtuber that would
just throw this away I'm gonna frame
this stuff this guy probably sent money
just because I told you guys not to you
know what you're actually helping me out
thank you so much
adding to my collection of when I need
change for Taco Bell okay next package
well envelope also for any of you guys
wondering my pail box address is in the
description of the video it's always in
the description so if you want to send
me stuff you don't have to but if you do
that's the address
Los Angeles California dear Tanner my
name is Alex Zachos I think that's how
you say it and you have been my favorite
youtuber for about 3 months your
tutorials are so much better than all
the other youtubers I've seen the way
you taught me to do backflips was better
than any other youtuber and it helped me
so much I saw you drop my life and I
actually strongly related to it in my
opinion and probably so much other
people's you're the best youtuber ever
and sorry about all the mistakes and the
bad handwriting Alex thank you so much
it means a lot to me that I could help
you guys although I don't make tutorials
anymore just because everything's pretty
much already been said and done and I'm
a firm believer in learn by doing but
thank you I still need a knife guys a
new knife that doesn't suck dear Tanner
I wanted to tell you that you're one of
my biggest flippin inspirations I've
been watching your videos for well over
a year now and every time you upload a
video I get so excited to watch your new
videos and congrats on hitting over
20,000 subscribers in about half a year
that's crazy
where's 70k now with a Frank your quad
fronts are so sick but I can only triple
you also inspired me to start flipping
and Instagram I can't wait to see the
Midwest Meetup 2016 video and I wish I
got to CTO from Norway but you'll have a
great time yeah he didn't end up coming
but he had a good reason and
everything's fine we're still friends
and he'll probably come to the one next
year also sorry about your trampoline
breaking that happened to me about a
month ago keep up with flips Instagram
the crazy DC
can you send back a piece of paper from
Cullen German Jake Berg Jake Bashir's
and you they live like 45 minutes to an
hour away from me
and I wish I could do this for everybody
I'm gonna try to do it for you but in
the future I don't think I'm gonna be
able to like always send stuff back but
I should have done the peel box opening
during the meet up with the guys but
this is a fancy envelope to Tanner oh
this is so dope look at this I should
not have used my fish I says to Tanner
and it has my in-ground trampoline the
back in the green how do I open the
shelter oh it's like a book oh sweet oh
my gosh dude he literally printed this
out and taped it in everything put in so
much work hey Tanner my name is William
Lauren I wanted to send you this letter
to tell you how much of an inspiration
you have been to me I've been doing
trampoline for three years now and I
recently found your YouTube channel and
since then I can't stop watching your
videos after seeing your videos you gave
me the courage to do double backflips
and double front flips I really
appreciate your videos and your
lifestyle sorry if I made any spelling
mistakes I'm French Canadian so I don't
speak English so well check out my
youtube channel if you want
William Lauren Thank You William means a
lot to me that I can inspire you guys
although I don't flip as much as I used
to
they're still enjoyable for me
especially during the Meetup like I
didn't flip at all guys came over I did
way better stuff than I imagined so next
up Tanner Braungart with the YouTube
play button it's pretty dope I'm also so
excited to get the silver play button
whenever I hit 100k like seven or eight
months ago I just set out on YouTube and
there was like one of my biggest goal to
do that and I figured it'd be years down
the road but it's coming so quick and I
can't wait to have that I'm gonna hang
that bad boy right up there also guys
should I keep the Midwest meetup banner
out on the fence or should I put it up
there above my bed let me know leave a
comment I'm kind of thinking about my
bed but I'm not sure it is waterproof by
the way so it can stay out in the rain
but I don't know dear Tanner I'm a huge
fan and have been subscribed to you on
YouTube for about one month I love all
your videos and especially your flips
I am also into trampoline flips but I'm
definitely not as good as you please
keep doing what you're doing and I hope
you reach at least 100k sincerely
Matthew summit follow me on instagram
hack cool underscore kids underscore
Club all with K's and twosies on kids
Thank You Matthew see that thing right
there means his money I had to pay to
receive this thing I'm kidding it
doesn't matter to me at all I wouldn't
care if I had to pay like five ten
dollars every time you guys sent me
something I don't care no no no
someone sent me an iPod oh no way you
sent me two Magnum condoms like I said
the phase rug oh my god
you know what the funniest thing I still
have some I'm keeping these goddamnit I
don't need this oh my god let's read
this letter I'll put those to good use
probably not yo tanner here's some shit
that I wanted you to have I'm sure
you'll find a pleasure in : instagram :
underscore puckett PS the Meetup
lipstick and congrats on 13 K and you do
a dick yo no way Hello Kitty necklace oh
my god oh thank you so much : next up
sibling Mohawk flips for life right
there oh they sent me a piece of gum PS
hope you like gum who doesn't like you
oh damn there's two pages he wrote a ton
on this one and they crossed it all out
so I guess I don't read that hey Tanner
Braungart with the guy flipping I love
it
dear Tanner I love your videos and you
being yourself on YouTube I hope your
channel keeps growing as rapidly as it
is I am inspired and try the things you
do I've always liked doing tricks on my
trampoline and I'm glad to know that you
share the same passion I am eagerly
waiting for the Midwest meetup 2016
video and tomorrow is my birthday June
14th so this was sent a while ago and I
hope your day is as happy as mine your
friend Riley Thank You Riley
and happy birthday late birthday I did
take forever to open these but happy
birthday and shout out to you man ooh
Toni caller trying not to rip this and
being very very careful check it out
dear Tanner Brenda you are my favorite
flipper slash youtuber you make me laugh
so hard and a few days ago there was a
bad storm and I checked your youtube and
watch videos and I was so happy thanks
from Toni caller T flip 72 on Instagram
I think that's what says maybe 2 to 2
there's me in an invincible flippin
shirt oh yeah there's my three tramps
Thank You Tony woo graph paper tanner my
name is Cameron Kissel I think that's
how you say it and I love your videos
man I've been watching since the
beginning and I love seeing your flippin
videos I wrote this on graph paper
because I was supposed to be doing
algebra homework but then I just saw
your post on snapchat about the PIO box
and realized this was more important
it's actually not more important you
should do your math homework I'm just
kidding the red pin died you started
reading in blue I hope you get this and
I really hope it ends up in one of your
peal box opening videos because I would
probably lactaid milk out of my nipples
if it did PS I was going to send you oh
okay
I was going to send the condom but I
couldn't find any XX exercises then you
draw a picture you doing a quad cork
over him and it's Tanner Foxx on a
scooter and then Jake's in the corner
real question is it Jake for shears or
Angela's who knows you collab with
Tanner Foxx
hopefully he actually tweeted out that
he was doing flips for a kiss part two
which was actually what he deemed me
about doing so I'm sorry I gotta take
this off so he already filmed that that
was the video that we talked about doing
so I don't know if I'm gonna be clapping
with them anymore who knows I'm growing
fine on my own it'd be cool to meet him
and hang out and stuff but I get sets up
to him and I'm not gonna worry about it
right now but thank you Cameron
Instagram Nick flips YouTube Nick flips
snapchat Nick jaz-o one please show in
video well here it is
hashtag Tanner Braungart fan on the back
oh come on don't send me money I don't
need money at all with a Cam Newton
football card from Nick Eldridge Tanner
Vee thank you for opening a PA box also
thanks for making really sick YouTube
videos and Instagram videos about two to
three hours a day I'll watch your videos
and I love them I really hope you can
fly out to Utah sometime because that's
where I live your videos always cheer me
up because they are freakin funny I
started floats because of you thanks for
all your time and effort making videos
here's a dollar you can keep it if you
want elbow please sign it and send it
back please I actually think I follow
this guy on Instagram alright I'll hold
on to this and send it back oh one other
person wanted me send it back too
where's the ones that need to send back
second a last one will open this package
last I'm actually really excited for
that one you guys consider me packages
or letters or whatever you want
eventually I'll probably stop opening
these on camera for the video just
because they take a really long time but
we're definitely but I definitely still
read them and I'll keep them so send
whatever you'd like dear Tanner my name
is Molly salt I live in the UK and
absolutely loved you in your videos and
I was watching your older videos like
just when I need help with confidence on
the tramp but then I started to really
enjoy your videos I originally watched
your older video just when I needed
confidence on the tramp but then I
really started to enjoy your videos I
think you're really great at teaching
how to do tricks I learned so much from
you I also think you're a really
inspirational person like when I get
scared doing parkour before a big drop I
say be like Tanner because you're really
brave and stuff but I also find you
really funny especially when you are
with your family I don't know why I just
thank you guys are total goals and yeah
I really like your hair since you shaved
it and really like your attitude towards
things too bad my hair's grown back now
I'm so sorry I actually hated it
whenever it was gone you're deaf my
favorite youtuber and I really
love you like not in a creepy way I
never thought it was in a creepy way
come on I love you too I hope you soon
get 1 million subs and I can't wait for
your Midwest meetup 2k16 video since
watching your videos I've literally been
on my trampoline 24/7 and I can do so
much more stuff I really want to get
loved jumping after watching your hawaii
cliff jumping video i'm so glad you got
a peel box and you probably think i'm a
real weirdo after this letter but please
tell Taylor that I love her teeth and
that they are really straight now my
sister ever since she got her braces off
I think love you from Molly PS I tried
to send you a knife but my mom said no
sorry my youtube Mali mu and there you
go Thank You Molly
and finally the package there's some
pretty cool stickers on here this is
definitely not from the United States am
i ripping anything important I hope not
I'm gonna put that away before I kill
myself or my table hey Tanner my name is
Jonas Starr I'm 12 years old and I am
from Norway I'm pretty bad at writing
but I love your videos you're by far my
favorite youtuber so what I sent you was
juggling balls so yeah I'm a juggler hey
me too I just juggled like for like
three seconds so basically the balls I
sent you are the balls I've gotten my
record with I've gotten a record with
seven balls and you can find my YouTube
account by searching juggling 7 J 0 I
think is worth it
I also love doing trampoline and Rubik's
Cube hey that's Daniels actually he left
it here open on video well I did Thank
You Jonas so guys that's basically it
for this P o box opening video it's my
first one again you can send me stuff
linked in the description thank you guys
again for all the support of the Midwest
meetup video thank you guys so much for
watching this video leave like if you
enjoyed share with your friends
subscribe if you're new and I'm out
peace
