get that small slice of banana bread for
breakfast okay Dylan and I are about to
go to the post office do one last kind
of check before the meet up so I don't
have to go down there I'll check it out
- we got the freezer back this one's
even got numbers on it zero degrees
Fahrenheit got the shirts for everybody
sky bound Springs and mat for the pure
fun and we have the spring cover for it
- got a little bit more fan mail and
we're going to head to the airport we're
on our way to the airport to get Luke
now a following my mom and she's going
like frickin 75 and a 60 mom now I see
why you get so many tickets
yeah also thank you guys so much for
40,000 subscribers like it's been a week
since 30k maybe not even a week you guys
are the freaking best we're almost at
the airport I'll switch to my cannon and
then I want to shoot the cannon then
I'll get out my camera and then we're
going to film a deer
all right we're at the airport I'll see
you guys inside when we're picking up
Luke actually we might meet Brady in
them first I'm not sure and will and
everyone else and then whenever we get
home backyard Bryson will be arriving
and Daniel shows up tomorrow so
we're going on the scavenger hunt we're
about to go throw some quad backs guys
what's up dude
yeah they are
Jimmy what's up here how you guys will :
how are you dude never seen you before
got it Luke and billing the standard
we're getting everything loaded up and a
couple watermelons wait mom don't leave
you got like three cards for the fare
and we're gonna make a second trip
tomorrow
now we're gonna go home and meet
backyard bryson Rogen cutlet uh calling
just from experience find a spot I mean
I don't care if it's a car up here the
only rooms that are off-limits are the
piano room and the storage room because
you will get lost in there this one I
get one more set of cameras yes weird
hard and bouncy and everything I'm gonna
open up these shirts and give everybody
one I guess you guys are just trying on
woman's adult small okay these are my
mom's
my mom says come get on your midwest
meetup 2016 t-shirt so loose and light i
love it
oh I pinched myself gotta hire the Tramp
because we're hitting the wood frame
underneath you're doing good down there
Nolan yeah we're good
oh my god that looks so sketchy this
guy's the best flipper ever bro I hate
my I just went out like blue I think
Oh Kate Upton are you doing back there
you holding up
Oh Midwest meetup 2016 Boehner she's
gonna sell this one day when Quentin's
famous hey yo and Braungart
if you don't quad back off this bridge
I'm gonna be so pissed well what if I
would have whatever I looked at you fall
into that with the hurt foot who's your
daddy
it's probably your dad guys the springs
wouldn't fit earlier but we hammer them
down in so we could yo dude you broke my
good cup ha ha
it's plastic gainer Oh what are you to
say no one I love you
my mom just talked to Gavin's mom and
I'll be flying to Luke's to July 13th
yes the lights are still the same
present now okay I'll be with Luke
July 13th through the 16th and then 16th
I'm gonna be going to Gavin's house my
friend Gavin so we'll be pretty fun I've
logged there it's gonna be sweet meetups
gonna be sweet huh yeah yeah bison power
just like a few fun dropping off Ellen
at his mother's dance studio because he
has to go because he has karate and
other stuff he has to do so he'll be
stopping by off and on for the Meetup
correct correct correct sounds like
girls sweat spring floor dude that Tramp
is yeah a foam pit in the trap bro why
haven't you hit triple back in that
thing yet oh no dude go think you could
front flip over the whole thing
Oh God that's my foot didn't hurt I
would definitely try it here I'll try it
anyway
oh that's like seven feet dude are you
kidding me
Oh Allinol mission he's dead all right
now we're gonna drive home what did I
come home to you little rascals what's
going on she's about to throw some quads
guys no way
well you're gonna show everybody here up
right I'm done
hey after he does a triple layout you
want to do a single back foot Luke
Brogan go with the broken foot ha ha ha
at Walmart I midnight oh my god
I was wrong for light-second freshen
licking my windows
