right now my friend Jake Burke's coming
over he's taken the trampoline it's been
sitting in my yard for a while but he's
finally taken it so was it up jakey
I'm not big enough for this stuff yet
goodbye train master I'll see you
another day whenever you're at Jake's
maybe I just got off the phone with my
mom and my car is already out of the
shop I got my license yesterday but the
day I got it I had to put my car in the
shop because he does add some stuff
wrong with it and like the front wheels
and then one of the seatbelts in the
back didn't work so I still to get a few
things fixed but most of it's already
done so
my mom's about to come with Panda
Express and I'm freaking hungry so thank
you mom love you yeah the meetup is so
freaking close I didn't post a video
yesterday actually is today I'm filming
this yesterday to you guys but I didn't
post a video because I'm trying to get
prepared for the Meetup like we have so
much stuff to clean and we have to clean
out the trucks we have to make room for
everybody we got to get pillows blankets
and everything set up and and I've got
to clear off my computer my memory cards
and everything make sure I just have
everything so all that's just taking a
while so I apologize for not uploading
but you know everyone should take a day
off every once in a while and I just
don't want YouTube to ever feel like a
job like I have to do it I kind of want
to do it whenever for fun so yeah
she got me Panda Express cuz she's an
awesome mother look the refrigerator is
gone oh there is because we need food
for the Meetup it's oh it's been an hour
and I thought they were still unloading
the Tramp it was just guys mowing the
lawn but we are on our way to get my car
then we got to go get this truck cleaned
out at a car wash because it is horribly
dirty like usual sorry for showing that
mom yeah my car by my license says work
home or school but I'm pretty much
working right now I mean I have my
camera and I'm filming I guess we'll see
if they actually fix this stuff
it's way smoother than it used to be I'm
not supposed to be driving past 9 so I
got about 30 minutes
I'm gonna go derp around in my car look
at that I got a car charger just for my
car now I want to bring my actual
charger that I use a night out here and
then forget about it it's just freaking
perfect I haven't really done much of a
car vlog yet I guess this will be it I
just never gotten around to it because I
kind of like fast paced vlogs you know I
usually don't just sit here and talk
very much anymore I kind of miss it I
mean those are so easy to edit a lot of
you guys don't know it but whenever I
vlog for a day and I do something crazy
like the pool thing I filmed all day
long like I had two hours with the
footage and you have to rewatch that two
hours edit out the parts you don't want
you know so so I did thing does take a
while but it's not that bad because it's
worth it to be able to post it and have
you guys watch it because as my
subscribers have been at like a steady a
thousand a two thousand a day which is
just so freakin crazy
I remember when I used to get happy when
I would get three a day like so we might
pick up somebody we might not we might
just cruise around hmm I don't really
know yet but all I know is that I can
drive now cuz YouTube is my job am i a
youtuber yet I'm gonna set up the GoPro
and switch to that camera hopefully the
audio is good of a mic for it yet I
don't think my case can connect to one
but oh well I guess I should call this
vlog like rambling or something because
that's pretty much what I'm gonna be
doing a few things I want to talk about
first are the meet-up for one now last
year we just messed around the whole
meet-up like it was guys that I met off
Instagram we never met each other before
this year about two guys that I've
already met are coming
back all the other ones are new so I'm
going to get a meet all dem I guess
their parents watched the one last year
and realized hey it's safe nobody got
raped I'm kidding obviously but last
year we just messed around the whole
time had fun and blogged it and this
year I feel like there's so much
pressure on me just making such a good
video like last year I just held my
GoPro around recorded whatever we were
doing and threw it into a little video
put on some music this year I am going
to be filming with the Canon I'm going
to be doing like the best I can to make
it really good but the thing I'm worried
about is that vlogging everyday will
make it suck like me having to edit a
video every night I feel like that will
make me miss hanging out with the guys I
probably have some guys in the basement
watching a movie if they want guys
upstairs watching tricking videos on the
projector you know whatever they want to
do but I'm scared of like missing out on
all that stuff this year because I'll be
recording and then at night I'll be
editing because I'll have to posted by
the next morning I don't want to skip
days uploading like I don't want to wait
the whole week and then post day by day
because then all their big tricks will
probably be on Instagram by then like I
don't want to have to make everybody
wait to post their stuff but I also
don't want to have to rush editing
during it so I don't really know what
I'm gonna do all I know is that these
kids need to get out of the street last
year I just remember it being so fun and
stressful leaving to hang out with all
the guys not having to worry about
anything like that's the point of the
Meetup just to hang out with everybody
relax and not have to worry about
whatever else is going on you know I'm
saying I don't really know yet I guess
I'll just try to edit when everybody's
starting to go to sleep and I'll just
get like a little bit less sleep than
everybody else I never required that
much sleep so I guess I'll do that I
just can't wait to see the guys from
last year again it's going to be so
awesome and Luke I went to Luke's house
it's going to be awesome to reminisce
with everybody remember I haven't seen
these guys in over a year like imagine
meeting the best friends that you have
everything in common with and
you can't see them again for a year it
just sucks another thing about the
meetup is last year I didn't have any
tricks in mind whatsoever to try we just
did whatever like I said we just did
whatever nothing was planned out we kind
of did everyday however we wanted like
today we went to get air we just decided
that day that we were going to go we
didn't plan anything out but this year
it just seems like the pressures on
because a year ago if you did a triple
front flip on a trampoline if you did
like tricks that I still do like enjoy
doing
you were considered really good and like
everybody made a big deal and still
commented on your videos being like all
that was so awesome love this or
whatever just seems like nowadays to be
a good flipper you have to risk your
life and it's just kind of stupid you
have to be throwing quads I miss the
good old days so I'm going to try to
bring the good old days back during the
meetup if I want to throw a quad front
maybe I will I don't know it's been on
my mind like the past week but it's so
annoying to have that stressing me out
like why would I worry about it it's not
here yet you know I know I could make it
I just don't want to have to try I don't
feel like it's worth it anymore I've got
a really good thing with YouTube going
and I don't want to screw it up by
freaking paralyzing myself I am still in
a flippin slump
I've been practicing more and I've
gotten some of my tricks back but it's
just not the same as it was you know I
hate talking about negative stuff in my
vlog I just feel like it ruins people's
moods so I try to keep that out I'm not
mad at all I just kind of want you guys
to know what's going on in my life I
like to keep it real cuz I know there's
a lot of youtubers that are super
positive in their videos all the time
and I just I don't know how they do it
like I have a good life and stuff but
everybody has some stuff that stresses
them out some days I don't make videos
purposely just because I'm not in a good
mood and the last thing I want to do is
film a video when I'm mad oh I get to
bring this bad boy out on the highway
only left my hometown like five times
because I've never had anywhere to go
I can pretty much go here and then come
right back but
oh hey there's a freaking deer right on
that freakin highway I don't know if you
could see it but that was awesome
I really need to turn off that ringer
let's get this bad boy up to 90 I'm
kidding hopefully the shakiness of this
highway doesn't interfere with the GoPro
let me know if I need to like buy a
separate vlog camera and stick it in
here or if I could keep using the GoPro
the reason I like the GoPro so much is
that if I was driving and I had somebody
else you'd be able to see them too but
then again that's a bad thing if they're
like picking their nose or something let
me know though because I I like good
feedback I would see if I can set my
crews got it sweet I'm a professional
driver so I promised myself the first
day that I got my car I would go visit
my grandparents not so much to say that
I did but just because I really do like
my grandparents so I went and visited
them they've always been good to me you
know so I feel like I should repay by
going in my car to their house saying hi
what's up you know I want to be a good
grandson okay another thing let me get
let me guys with the help let me know if
you guys want longer videos shorter
videos I mean I watch people like Roman
Atwood and his videos are like 20
minutes long sometimes I feel like
that's a little bit too long then again
I sometimes treat his channel like a TV
show and I watch it just whenever I have
free time I feel like 15 is the most and
then 10 is a good amount you know
somewhere around there
lowest would be like five minutes I
don't really know I've always just kind
of filmed the day edited what I liked
and kept that in I can definitely leave
in other stuff whenever I watch bigger
youtubers they leave in stuff that I
wouldn't leave in yet I still am so
entertained watching them alright guys
well I want to play some music so I'm
going to go ahead and close it up there
thank you guys so much for watching
leave a like if you enjoyed subscribe if
you new share with friends and all the
good stuff and I'm out peace
so
