okay before any words are said this Dib
shirt was a prototype okay
they don't fall apart like this but this
one is kind of falling apart they're
high quality they are good what is going
on guys today we are back and today I
hope you guys are all having a great day
it is another day in Vegas we leave
tomorrow sometime in the afternoon but
we are still here a lot of the guys are
leaving today sadly oh the good flippers
are gonna be gone but there are some
people staying so it will still be a
freaking litte swaggy day staff Jack and
Bailey are about to leave but we will
film with them a little bit before they
have to go they're gonna take the RV
I'm sorry tempted to get in the RV with
them and just go to California because
that's where they're staying hanging out
for a few days then fly home I wish I
can like hold a pole really quick so you
guys get out me decide I don't know what
to do I guess I could do a Twitter poll
but I can't I don't know but we'll
figure it out let's go right now and it
still looks like I'm growing this beard
but I just didn't bring a razor I'm
hearing people out of the door and I'm
looking I'm not seeing any kids and you
guys they weren't in their room and now
we're just gonna go to the RV and hope
that they're there come on better not
leave without us getting to see Paul we
don't really care about them hey we
found a Paul man all not going anywhere
Tanner is actually coming with us he's
texted his mom right now in fact about
to go to California for two days all
right where's it going a month heads
mean she's going tails me and she's
going ready all right do you have real
head means I'm going hills means I'm
stayin tails and Quinton feels
uncomfortable in a home shakin he wants
to go back to so hyped Kansas but for
once in his life he's about to take a
leap of faith and probably hop on an RV
with an alien and a Red Bull athlete and
a shark that's out of water and still
surviving probably end up in the Golden
State there is
you know many people thought humans too
many monkeys up in my spaceship well
we're taking over the world we're gonna
take over Mars and shit on the moon
about it moves all right I do miss the
RV but I just I think there's too many
people going plus I'd have to fly home
alone and if Quentin didn't go he'd have
to fly home with my mom my sister that'd
be very boring I'll probably just go
back to Kansas tomorrow whatever
goodbyes are be to you someday soon it
works out you and it is now lunch time
very late lunch or we absolutely have to
get gas right now and yesterday whenever
we had the Audi r8 rented for me even
though I didn't get to drive it but I
said I didn't get it driving we took it
around the block I don't even have my
license here like it all I left my
wallet at home again I forgot to say it
but yeah I actually did get to drive it
it's pretty fast lines faster for sure
the taste test for the day what you
missed you so
are we taking time on time I can't sit
in between
he was based here in my heart you don't
know how to fuck with me
holy crap sunset what's amazing psyche
this is actually a building and that's
paint and it's beautiful just like
Quentin it's not paint
it's pencil haven't spent any money in a
while we're gonna go into Louie Vuitton
of Gucci probably leave with nothing
we'll see though screw that I'm going to
guess it's my go to normal clothes a
normal price there we go why do girls
always get the cool stuff
what the hell not fair
another reason I like yes so much is
that they let you film in their stores
usually but right now we're gonna meet
up with my mom and my sister we're gonna
go eat again even though we just ate a
lips are chapped as just one full Dom
there's always no oh yeah oh it's warm
too give me that stick Gerry DOM and I
might be stepping into the Apple Store
later today as well because I wasn't
gonna get the iPhone X I actually did
not like it at all I want my home button
still kind of do Zack from dibs clothing
kind of convinced me the cameras
low-light is almost like this one it's
just beautiful oh I forgot we had lost
full table hello Dom getting his merge
rep now no throwing link in Tanner's
description and goodbye dibs prototype
because I bought this black shirt with
roses on it and gold you know I cut
behind my ear and I was taking a shower
and after my shower I I drive behind my
ear and it hurts so I didn't know that
no I just need some pants actually I
bought some pants but I'll put those on
later so many girls watching right now
what else do you get today yeah what's
it like to be an alcoholic pretty much
this is a lemonade but it's adult
lemonade so I can drink it oh you can
yeah I know I'm 17 I almost couldn't go
go-karting at the flipped on thing
because I was 17 and my mom wasn't there
to sign the waiver I was like what the
fuck you signed my waiver for me I want
to be 18 very bad now my mom gonna get
the same drink Dom got her to drink my
mom never drinks quite persuasive Wow
what's it like to be an alcoholic hey
Quentin
we're not alcoholics no work good good
insert picture of us in our Jack Daniels
shirt Tom is the chosen one and a smiley
face they are taking a while to eat so
we are just gonna go look at the iPhones
right now Dom and I yes I for next time
you walk out with one I'm walking out
with one well if you walk out with one I
will try to walk out with one but I
don't have as much money so we'll see so
they don't have any in stock looks like
I'm sticking
my age well on to the next adventure
so we're back at the table they're
finishing up the dessert man on the
phone is calling his friend who has a
McLaren p1 he lives in Florida maybe
trying to get me a bargain maybe I can
buy one from him used maybe I can just
go down there and drive it I'm down for
either one Lambo an RV or one one
McLaren McLaren but if I get the sexiest
car ever made then I'll have nothing to
work for good news look at it I will
come right now this is the guys show car
garage just look at all of them oh my
god I think that's why he's willing to
maybe sell me one but it would be so
awkward to own that in Kansas like I
can't even imagine so she got a shirt
taking my clothes let's go we're in
David Yurman right now you're not
allowed to film out there that's why I'm
in the bathroom although I hate
explaining myself I feel like I have to
expensive rings go up in price it's an
investment I might be getting a black
diamond ring just so my left hands not
still naked and I actually wear rings
like I bought necklaces never wear
bracelets never wear I'm buying my dream
ring oh my god it's actually phat phat
Dom helped convince me and look this his
fingers are so small so like this is on
your middle finger and it won't fit on
it hardly fits on my pink really yeah
it's meant for people look it looks good
it's kind of like yourself look way more
at home on it Dom you're welcome thank
you for my title but you're welcome for
the ring thank you I'll be taking that
back very shortly
okay update it is dark outside I have a
blanket because I didn't want to get a
jacket we stopped by the hotel for one
second now we're gonna go back to the
trampoline park that we are right
yesterday this time it's like five of us
but we have the whole gym to ourselves
again even though flip cons over Tanner
flip daddy's still flipping and Tyler
and Joe who have ran this whole
operation are about to give me my
brand-new foam pit in my living room I
don't know if you can see me right now
you guys already know our old foam just
went to crap out they have the hookup
because they own trampoline parks we're
going into one right now I got a new
lighting man - oh my god thank you very
much oh yeah we're gonna have a foam pit
back at the house I'm super excited for
that that will honestly help me get back
into flips even more this time we can
actually do whatever we wind up
there's not 50 kids of Damas to babysit
except for me because I'm 17 hahaha
Quentin's back in the game yeah yeah
yeah standing back flip non bouncy floor
I promise
dumb you're starting off this flip train
just start off the edit very good
mikonos
sketch oh my god
he's still gone guys who I don't know
where he went he's actually going well
last trick here we go end up the edits
and beautiful twisting I can't do that
trampoline I'll show you a little song
these exclusive flip con shoes these are
the only ones made so far yeah even have
like they fit perfect it's dumb this guy
his shoes well these ones are fancy
shoes we are head now it got high I
gotta go get my phone off the Ox because
I was running off my playlist is a
roller coaster like my main playlist it
was just playing Jacob Sartorius now
it's playing the week
Oshin man yeah bedtime for mother mm-hmm
yeah it is late we're gonna go to bed
too we're all just gonna crash we're
gonna go sleep night night we got to
catch a plane tomorrow around 10:30 then
I got to get a jump on editing and try
to get a video on a plane so yeah we're
gonna go ahead and in this video here at
know hope you guys enjoyed it the K so
much for watching
definitely leave like air-defense if you
enjoyed subscribe for new Nazi yes next
one I really wish will was here again
you just maybe
