thirty thousand subscribers I put up a
poll on Twitter and it said you guys
about reading comments a vlog or skit
most people want a vlog that's exactly
what we're gonna do today cuz I'm a man
of my word
yeah yeah if you watch my vlog yesterday
you know that I was having some troubles
with my youtube I talked about and stuff
but I got some of them figured out this
morning so that's really good and for
you about 8000 people that watch my
video yesterday that had to get to our
hero title and thumbnail you're the
you're my true subscribers I didn't
watch it it was like 40 seconds with
Guitar Hero in there anyway um yeah back
to my normal self without a shirt would
you get out of my shot really I don't
know what we're gonna do today I could
go outside and practice for the Meetup
don't really want to do that because I
suck anyway and since you guys didn't
watch my vlog yesterday you're about to
see me beast it up on Guitar Hero today
there's nothing you can do about it okay
we gotta go to my sister's because we
have saved progress on this one too many
people complain I don't wear clothes so
I'm gonna get my attire this is my
good-luck Guitar Hero outfit yeah since
I'm already in this I might do a
backflip in it make the thumbnail get a
couple of 50,000 views for it all right
let's do this do not show them be
putting on the future
cheese expert through the fired plane I
don't even need that
okay sure the whole thing is the
copyright Vietnam
tell your friends let's see what I got
not too bad not too good either all
right oh it's gonna make the thumbnail
and trampling so people watch this you
think there's a way to get all three so
this gets like three times the views
okay well get the inground for sure
because when people see an in-ground
trampoline oh yeah yeah I'll put up the
Hat try do a double do it unicorn does
double backflip yes ready
that'll get him
okay guys I'm supposed to be doing the
laundry do not tell my mom but I'm gonna
show you guys how to get famous on
musically today
all you have to do put on some sexy
clothes find a really catchy song you
gotta have somebody to film it to so you
need a professional like him just sit
there and hold your phone cuz and
sometimes you wiggle your phone you know
okay you need good lighting too so find
a window and you're gonna be like this
this song right here is really really
good one it's by Jacob Sartorius
actually he's one of my inspirations for
these and he's just a really good singer
I mean lip singer I'm sorry I mean it
takes a lot of talent to lip-sync so
we're gonna go ahead and do that always
shoot on fast by the way so it makes you
look like you're just kind of like
spazzing out you know a lot of people
like that you're gonna have to go like
with the song too so if it says go to
sleep at night you're gonna lay down you
know I'm saying like I'm gonna lay down
right here okay go what do I hold it
yeah
Oh
add in sexy dance moves it's the only
way you're going to be by I was awesome
actually we're gonna go ahead and share
that one is private if you just follow
the steps there's really no way you're
not gonna get musically famous yeah
that's basically it I should have put on
those pink boots down there those yeah
okay um we have to go drive to do stuff
so I'm going to take you with me
okay I've changed my mind I'm really
dedicated to this musically thing okay
so go ahead put on your goggles too for
this get your pink boots don't forget
them this time and you're gonna want a
song that really goes with your outfit
so hope there's no spiders in these I
left them under this thing all night
make sure they're on the right way
because you don't want to look like an
idiot I think we're good it's Wednesday
my dude yeah you might need to take off
your goggles so you can see the song
you're choosing but totally up to you
again I don't want to like rule your
life and remember guys sometimes you're
gonna have to make sacrifices okay now
that we've got our song or did he go and
again you're gonna have to have somebody
help film it for you get someone that
knows what they're doing probably your
younger sister will know if she's under
the age of 13 okay Taylor here's all you
got to do film me while I do stupid
trick okay let me move the camera to
show you guys
oh okay mom yeah let's just get some
plants they won't be in the way at all
they are in the way so it's gonna start
right here and I'm gonna put on my
goggles and in my house all right yeah
stop
now go ah now I'm going to take off the
goggles in my shoes and do a triple
front and we're gonna finish it off I'll
tell you when to hit yo okay one so I'm
gonna go and when I'm on three you're
gonna hold down the button capisce
let's take a piece okay you gotta get a
capiche in there you know yeah you're
never gonna be on the same page with
that and if you get a heat stroke like
I'm having right now doing it just take
a break
cuz it is like a hundred degrees out
here we've got one shot at this Taylor
don't mess it up my whole life depends
on this moment we get it we did it you
can't really see it but you also need a
clever caption and then just post it
then you can go ahead and share it to
your Instagram Facebook Twitter all that
to get your name out there further okay
that's why I'm putting it in this
YouTube video you musically it's kind of
my passion you know and then when you're
done you need to put your shoes and your
goggles back where you found them or
else your mom's gonna get mad and boom
alright guys here's the musically
you
unicorn soaring through the Stars
delivering me and after you're done
filming your musical you might just want
to get a glass of water or something so
just go ahead and do that and oh oh
wrong thing so
it's just saying broken Taylor oh my god
made a huge mess I saw this in a movie
once where somebody did this and it cast
a spell on their whole family and the
only way to reverse it was to do a water
bottle trick shot I'm just going to you
and you don't even know it I guess I
probably should have taken out the
normal part cuz this has definitely not
been a normal vlog I'm so sorry and I'm
about to go make a new profile picture
and they're my Doritos we're heading to
my friend Dillon's house cuz I was
getting in the vlog but you guys want
longer ones and I'm trying to deliver to
be the best youtuber I can so we're
gonna go mess around his house right
handsome okay you can turn it back up
goodbye hello Who am I You Know Who I am
Kaden yeah you're gonna be in my YouTube
video you have a YouTube channel guys
everybody go subscribe we're going to
get my restricted license so I can
finally Drive be the best fricking day
of my life finally got the forum I'm
going to the place tomorrow to go get my
actual license and then I'll be free for
the rest of my life alright we're back
at Dylan's I'm gonna go ahead and end
the video there thank you guys so much
for watching leave like if you enjoyed
share to friends all the good stuff
subscribe if you're new and I'm out
peace
you
