what's up guys yes I know my hair looks
really nice the meetup is now six days
away it's getting so close and actually
some of the guys are coming down a
couple days early they're staying with
other people that are coming from around
here I really have no idea what we're
doing today I need to go check my p.o
box but I can't drive it all right now
because my license expired yesterday
and whenever we went to the place to go
get my license they said that I had to
give them a paper from driver's ed class
which I had to give them a year ago to
get the insurance I already have so I
don't know why but apparently I need to
show them a piece of paper that I was
supposed to hold on to for a year that
probably got thrown away or burned in my
backpack or something I don't know guys
you need to do this everybody will leave
you alone if you put filming on your
door I would be whooping up some guitar
hero right now but guess what my memory
card for my ps2 a 16 megabyte card
doesn't work anymore it's a freaking
joke hello doc nice smile well I guess I
better start off the day right
shut your heart choice
you
it's over it's over it's over also guys
I'm gonna be streaming some of the
Midwest meetup on Twitter to go follow
me on Twitter that's where I'll be
streaming if I do you don't follow me
I'm still good at parking guys you have
a parcel placed in the Oh box 310 310 I
believe this is my first package yeah it
is I've got a lot of letters I'll
definitely open letters in the video too
I know some youtubers don't but I will
at least for a while
so keep sending me stuff maybe there
would be more packages if I went less
but I'm trying to keep up to date with
my packages status my mom was kind
enough to let me drive her car except
when I said the gray or the red car
better a lot of people said the grey so
it's wrong there's being nice to you oh
hey happy Father's Day
hey thanks buddy yeah also remember guys
my peel box
address is always in the description I'm
gonna go play some guitar hero mom
because I'm a beast and I'm seven years
old at heart I used to play this crap
all day I've still got it yeah I be
every freaking song on this game and
it's all gone because my memory card
also if any of you guys missed
yesterday's video pretty much I
introduced every flipper that's coming
in the Midwest meetup although one of
them might not be able to come now the
guy from Norway might not be able to
come kind of sucks - whatever we don't
know if he's gonna show up or not yet
but I'm guessing if it's a maybe at this
point when it's six days away it's
probably in oh yeah I took me forever to
find the closure of everybody so go
watch it or I mean you don't have to
yeah my room still mess by the way I'm
just way too lazy to clean it and what's
the point yeah I'm gonna have people
over everybody's gonna come my room and
it's all gonna get trashed again plus I
just I just don't get the time I'm very
busy with guitar hero right now yeah I
lost all my progress whatever in your
expert Mississippi Queen
you know what I mean
freaking guitar hero beast to say the
least that run well that's kind of bogus
98% on expert I should say a hundred
actually going with my father for
Father's Day
gotta wear a charger around my neck it's
the new fashion about ready to walk over
to this beast of a tramp I still need to
get prepared for the meet up good part
about having this gorilla pod is that it
can wrap around stuff like on a fence
post like it's on right now I wish my
dad would let me cross these Springs and
take off this because it makes this
trampoline even worse how about blue
I'll do double back to double front and
it'll be done
I'm Dundee thanks kitty yup it's not nap
time these are so right they're gonna
break huh ha
so take it them it's been Hannah bread
time put your camera down and take them
no it's so dumb
quit calling me names hey there's some
behind you I swear ah sure sure I told
you I was gonna make a video throwing
except I yeah
ok I'm gonna put these back
we are heading back to my mom's because
I need to edit this video but then I'll
be back here for a Father's Day dinner
thingy I would just edit at my mom's and
then you know drive back over to my
dad's but I can't drive yet because I
can't get a copy of my certificate of my
completion of my driver's ed because
it's Sunday in our schools closed so
hopefully they can get me something so I
can go in and get my license right yep
got to go water the grass around the
trampoline again we did a bunch like
remodeling in our backyard I guess it
looks like Arizona back here I'll show
you in a sec anyway we got like some
flowers and stuff cuz this grass is like
barely starting to grow at all and who
would have thought I would be the one
watering it every day hmmm yeah we had
to spend a day getting all these rocks
back here from our front yard we had to
shovel into a wheel barrel and then roll
it up that hill and all the way down
here took forever but it'll make the
meet-up video look even more pretty
which I expect that video to probably be
my most viewed if not in the top three
at least I got to prepare for it
also we need to put on the new mat and
Springs for that but that will probably
be when everybody gets here I just don't
want to do it by myself and then we'll
probably put that one by the pool for
anybody that wants to do trampoline
diving which I will probably do some but
I don't think I'll be able to do another
quad front in my pool because this Tramp
is just not good enough for that she
guys keep sending stuff in my peel box
whenever I get a number of packages that
I think is good enough for a video then
I'll do one so thank you guys for
watching subscribe for more videos leave
like the enjoys here with friends and
all the good stuff and I'm out peace you
guys can't see my garage code one last
thing before I go my Mac is really
boring I need to customize it still
these GoPro stickers
that'll have to do for now peace
Oh
