what's up guys my rooms a mess but I
actually was not gonna make a youtube
video today I actually filmed a trying
to teach my sister a backflip and it
didn't work out she couldn't do it she
did like three backflips and then she
just like had a mental block I guess I
don't know and she's had that for like
years every time I've tried to teach her
in the past so I kinda already know it
wouldn't work out but so since I had
that idea I wasn't planning on doing
another video so I was just gonna skip a
video but I really want to do daily
videos I feel like they're helping my
channel a lot so I'm gonna keep going
and yes I get a haircut by the way hey
shout-out to Shanna for the haircut now
before I get into today's video I want
to say thank you guys so much for so
many views on the trying to teach her a
backflip video that video is doing
really good already and I can already
tell it's gonna get pretty big so thank
you guys for that and yeah I've had a
few struggles with my youtube channel
lately in my phone pick game at rant
video there was actually an angry mother
that was mad because I put her daughter
pushing me in the video and the only
reason I listened and took down the
video is because in order to get into a
VA after hours for the meet up so all of
us guys can just double balance and have
fun and not have people in the way and
not have to worry about stupid stuff
like people pushing us you know they're
right you can't film people in public
and post it without the permission but
we live in 2016 everybody has a camera
on their phone okay if I go out in
public take a selfie there's an old man
behind me can he sue me because I took a
picture and he was in it anyway I mean I
still made the quad front over so it's
okay and freedom of speech it's great
yeah that's why I had to take out part
of that video and there's just been
other problems with my youtube channel
lightly with some copyright issues
apparently my outro music like I've
always been using short little clips of
music I have like copyright in them and
I never thought it was a big deal but
apparently that can get you in trouble
too so I might stop doing that might
keep doing it I don't know some of them
have problems some of them don't I don't
know how all that's gonna play out
there's just a lot of problems with my
channel I'm just trying to get them
figured out and yeah so for the rest
this video I pretty much just wanted to
show you guys a little bit of who's all
coming to the meetup because I know a
lot of you guys don't know who they are
okay so first up we have Luke Brogan
obviously he's the guy that's getting
sponsored to come here from sky bound
trampolines thank you to them again and
yeah so he's gonna be coming here's a
couple clips of Luke
you
you're smart
my spirit with you I feeling
yeah I'm just gonna be showing you guys
a couple clips of each person kind of
show you how good they are they're all
freaking beasts they're all better than
me I think except for - Dylan - Quentin
you guys suck and maybe Owen he doesn't
fit very much I don't know anyway yeah
so I met Luke once before went down to
his house he's finally getting to come
down to my house and it's awesome like
I've said before I'm gonna vlog every
day of the Meetup we're probably gonna
do like an insane game of tramp video
we're gonna do just a ton of other fun
stuff I'm gonna try not to give away too
much for the official Midwest Meetup
2016 video that's gonna be coming out
like after it's all done
but yeah next up is my friend Daniel he
came to the meetup last year here's a
couple clips of him
the guy's a beast he was definitely the
best at the meet up last year super nice
guy I really enjoy Daniel shout out to
my man next up is Jake Burke he lives
around here he's been in my videos he's
good friend of mine and here's a couple
clips of Jake
next we have the other Jake Jake
brashears you guys already know he's a
freaking beast he doesn't have any fear
and he lands on his neck and he doesn't
get hurt and if you could go ahead and
give me some of that that'd be nice next
is my friend Dylan Mitchell we should
flip together a lot but he's kind of
stopped but he just did a triple front
the other day here's that clip right now
that was on my snapchat go add me this
kids also nuts he's so good and he's
only like 13 years old so Collin German
here you go
Oh
you
you're smart
and I guess I'll show me
with you I feeling
you
and Quinten I'm sorry when I really had
to put that in there next up is my
cousin Owen
we haven't been able to hang out much
lately because every time I invite him
over his parents won't let him or
something so it's kind of dumb but
here's some clips of own
next up is Dylan Mar really funny guy
he's a little dude that was in the video
last year can't wait to see him again
here's a couple clips of him he's gotten
so much better since last year he go
next up is backyard Bryson this guy is
freaking nuts his trampoline is amazing
he's done so much stuff here some of it
didn't think quick fall in love broken
from the start she do
all of the
yeah he's freaking nuts next up is two
guys Casey and Brady Bloxom they're
brothers they're friends with Dylan Mar
and yeah I met all these guys over
Instagram by the way yeah here's some
clips of them
you
they're both really good and I can't
wait to meet him next up is Jeremy
this guy's like the best double balancer
in the world his friend the flip King
was actually going to come his name's
Hayden here's a video of him double
bouncing the flip king
yeah the flip King can't come anymore
because he has national diving after it
and they don't want him to be injured or
tired or anything see how that kind of
sucks but I totally understand where his
pants are coming from because it's
frickin Nationals next up is will
Burnett he's a friend of Jeremy's they
both hang out with the Flip King oh I
forgot here's some clips of Jeremy we
are breaking free you choose you and
we my
oh poor
and here's some clips of will
will is just such an insane spinner his
Tramp is like not even that good yeah
he's so good next up is Jacob T Clark
yeah this is actually Luke Brogan's
friend he's coming down with him and
yeah I don't have any clips of him but
oh and I almost forgot my cousin Logan
who was in the insane dad destroyed his
son's laptop just get video he's coming
down yeah he lives like 15 minutes away
so that's not a big deal and last but
not least is Teodoro Carlson he lives in
Norway which is just so insane like
somebody's gonna be travelling across
the world to come here and here's some
clips of T oh he's just he's insane like
he's definitely one of the best out
there here you go
Oh
yeah that pretty much does it for
today's video guys sorry it's not like a
get up and all fun kind of vlog but I
did want to show you guys everybody
that's coming to the Meetup and even
though this uploads light I uploaded so
thank you all for watching subscribe
more videos leave a like if you enjoy
share with friends and all the good
stuff and I'm out peace
