no no it's cool I mean like every time I
have you over your phone goes off and
ruins it whatever what's up guys today
we're going to be trying to teach her
where you are how to do a backflip we're
going to start out on the trampoline and
maybe move to ground depending on how
much she sucks how many do you want this
is what I went through like every day of
last summer doing flips bringing up all
six at once there we go Jana where'd you
get your mats a puppet of a an auction
okay an auction are you hearing this
guy's a back handspring that's
cheerleader talk I'm a free runner you
just hop right into it
pun intended we're gonna up stack two on
top of each other like - like yes I mean
I'm already done like two of the three
so I'll do all the work
yeah yeah go what we're gonna see what
she has first I'm gonna inspect the
skill level okay that's right and that's
what skill level so step now okay let me
do my warmup so I can be a good teacher
taking my balance I almost ate my own
nut sack because that a Quadra yeah what
is it was a triple just try to go over
your shoulder that yeah like throw your
arms let go to the side this is gonna be
so much harder than I thought
yes to all this this is embarrassing
you answer my house you're probably
gonna be on YouTube imagine there's like
something behind you and you're trying
to jump over it here I'll show you it
ending hurt go over your side like this
see okay put your hands down and try to
make your feet go over and once you do
it will just work on getting your legs
to go more up and over start out looking
at the ground like looking down here
that was closer better than your last
one I'm gonna like try to throw your
legs over and you just do what you're
doing so try to go more back over there
you like to over a little we're gonna
keep doing that and keep getting your
legs a little more over we're making
progress try to take a little bit more
of a jump this time
that's pretty close right now you're
going right and then yours count
quitting right there try to make your
arms throw your whole body over like
this see way better that time like I
wouldn't be okay wait break it but you
did it now you know what it feels like
right yeah what's good yeah I get a back
flip chef a little are no birds there
there you go jump up you did
girls like 10 detect my name like this
there there you go you're doing
backflips round of applause everyone
okay we'll put one of these on top and
put the other two on the side one more
spot good okay I cry she can already
land us Ruffalo from like few months
back to backflip everybody this is a
powerful if you blended from before
right so whenever you see the ground
lash throw your arms up with you it's
kind of scary to mention to thank you
that there's only like be there to help
but it's going to help you a lot if you
throw up see went way faster you can do
it huh there you go
I just gotta put your feet down okay I'm
gonna go move the camera so it's not the
same boring angle every time oh my god
really accept it look at the ground and
land it put your feet down a little bit
higher so you have a little bit more
times so close okay
my god
see I'm the best teacher in the world
she didn't do anything I was I did
everything there you go now try to grab
your legs in it and then you'll be able
to do it standing are you more
comfortable behind ya it's
easier to talk when you're doing it from
bushes you can grab your knees yeah I
know but a back flip is hard there you
go now you can do it standing on the
Tramp but you're gonna have to throw
your arms there you're going to be like
that we'll take a step back into it or a
little hop if you want to step back
start with your right or left foot
forward and then as you step back bring
your arms back and let's go gotta check
though found would probably not be the
best but I might do like a follow-up in
the future use your core abdomens thing
she's landed the almost pretty much
standing back flip on the trampoline
probe ah hey daybreak yeah oh yeah sure
gosh it's too hot standing triple back
neck are you gonna do it on the mattress
yes fine and then he's gonna do one
right come on we're gonna practice
because practice makes acceptable Oh
ready I'm gonna do
ah okay she's about to do it on a
mattress maybe she can no you have to
believe in yourself jump on it like a
trampoline I don't even go it I know
it's already too hot I go okay I'm not
sure yeah sure I hope not to be able to
do it all this with that attitude no you
won't one do one for you on the Tramp
you haven't done it like 20 minutes I'm
about to land this back full and break
my toes while I'm at it all you got to
do right guys look at my toe after that
back full what are you okay
hold up look at my toe that was from the
back fall I think it's broke okay
usually the stupid singer yes I want to
the map is from viewers know do you know
how about that hurt yes never give up
until you break your toe just kidding
that's when you need to try again I
don't want you to tell me wanna dig her
back ok
standing layout that's almost a virgin
Cody on mattress Wow can't now or never
I can do sooner I can't well I get sued
if I make her do this she gets her I
should have made her signed a contract
before this video made up send nine days
guys actually hate whenever you're
watching this one hold on what are you
go I can't do it I can't do it Sunday
that's a negative Adam what guys I
failed as a mentor and that's in the
video thank y'all for watching subscribe
for more videos leave like the enjoy
share to friends and all that good stuff
and I'm out peace peace out
