what's up guys today I went on Twitter
and I saw somebody made a diss track
about me a couple people were tweeting
me this so I decided I'll react to it
hopefully it's not too hard yes there's
a person in the back my friend owns over
there the video that's coming out
tomorrow my channel I was actually gonna
post today we're about to film it that
person is about to come over right now
but the last time I did this it took a
while to edit so I'm just gonna post
that one tomorrow you guys gonna be
seeing this today so it's still daily
and yeah let's get right into it
we're gonna look up Tanner I need to
Google myself soon like I haven't done
that in a long time last time I googled
myself was like freshman year with you
and miss Hastings class this Hastings if
you're watching this well if you type in
my name there's actual like suggestions
that come up on YouTube now does that
mean I've made it yeah it says Tanner
Braungart through the years fails
youtube poop game of tramp how to quads
tramp tutorial youtube poop poop i guess
everybody wants to see my poop whatever
I'll deliver my next video I'm kidding
alright um I have to go to Twitter and
click the link I don't know if I'll be
able to find it oh no I found it this is
from official King Vig okay let's do
this another big shit I got brought in
to London just it'll be in effect pretty
cause Eastern what's good YouTube King
big you're back with another video and
today it's gonna be another dis track
and it's on a youtuber named tanner Blum
Hart said my last name right are
youtubers I got being yourself like
traveling Vincent foot baby he'd vlogs
first off I'm not famous second off I
don't want to be known for trampoline
ideally I watch him like almost every
day he's like a really cool youtuber so
this is not meeting anything this is a
joke and I hope I hope he he reacts you
this and stuff and hopefully he watches
the video tag
yo Kennedy multiplying Yochanan you got
any strong 15 please tell me why you're
so picky because I'm not your face I
just wanna roast chicken big butcher
should I show and not be rib cage you're
so skinny have you been smoking crack
your hairline was good but now it is
like so much' you need a six-pack should
I call you Janet her own truck better
than a girl please tell me why your head
looks like a football my raps are fire I
will keep going on baby too many things
a fake I'm gone oh my god oh I've tried
like as much as I can on a diss track it
took me a while where the quarter kept
messing up but yeah hopefully you guys
enjoyed make sure to share this with
Tanner brine guard go follow him on
Twitter go follow him on Instagram
because subscribe to him
I'll put it in the description alright
if you guys liked just make sure to hit
that thumbs up like subscribe and
comment
I knew this shirt list would be in there
for sure but he got me on like so much
stuff that was so funny I was actually
gonna make a roast myself video inspired
by nigahiga ryan higa but I just like
never got around to it cuz I was just
making other videos and I was just
focusing on those so this kid I thought
this was gonna be super cringy which it
started out like that video that was
really funny leaving that'll like yeah
I'll put the link to his channel in the
description and also guys keep sending
stuff to my peel box I've gotten a few
letters I haven't checked for packages
because I'm pretty sure if anybody sent
anything too big then I'll have to go in
and like ask them to go get that out of
a bigger like drawer I guess yeah
today's video is going to be pretty
short but it's cuz I'm about to be
filming for a good video tomorrow watch
out for it okay I'm gonna show Taylor
this diss track too since she's already
he'll already he'll already here filming
for the other bed take a seat
Vivian is about you yeah to district
Oh Anton gonna be fine
cannons you got very strong 15 to
summarize or something it's getting
about looking at your dates I just
wonder why she took a big butcher show
by showing up your okay now it is like
only so much captured I can count please
tell me why your hand that's it nobody
subscribers this guy home he's got 317
now we're gonna go film the video for
tomorrow leave like for you guys enjoyed
shared friends only good stuff subscribe
peace out guys please tell me which car
you think's better leave a like for the
gray one and leave a like for the red
one let me know
process
