what's up guys exporting today's video
and I just checked by the door and I saw
my iPhone's here we're about to go get
it there was so much glass in this case
when I took it out yeah it's gotten even
worse look you can see inside of the
phone a little bit not good still suck
at opening boxes all right sweet wrapped
up that 18 T cool what is up guys its
tanner racks here today we have a sealed
iPhone a six and we are just going to be
chucking it off the ledge and hope you
enjoyed the video I'm I'm kid Hairston
color his hair I'm about to go to a
triple foal because I suck at twisting
and yeah I think I could triple full
I'll try it I got two and a half Oh
buddy go take some pictures for
Instagram down at the sunset I need a
new profile picture so I'm heading down
here the sunset right now is just
freakin nuts look at that okay real fast
world's biggest dandelion right there
okay we're done shooting can't wait to
count the mosquito bites when I get home
boy oh my god good night car I can drive
in like three days to work home in
school but since YouTube is technically
my job can I Drive anywhere I want if
I'm going to film I don't know hi guys
is the morning now I actually wasn't
gonna make YouTube video today cuz I was
just like not in the mood but trying to
keep the daily uploads going for you
guys so I think I'm gonna call my
grandpa today because here's the DJI
phantom 3 I believe so
I've never flown a drone before but I
need to practice before the meet up
video because gonna have some drone
stuff in it by the way in like the vlogs
of the Meetup I'm thinking I'm just
gonna like not put very many flips like
if we're messing around then I'm gonna
put it in there but I'm probably not
gonna put very many flips mostly you
guys getting to know everybody there but
yeah I need to go check the PIO box
today I don't know if there's gonna be
any packages yet or not I don't know how
long it usually takes but I actually saw
a package on the porch this morning so
we're going to go check that out right
now this is what happens when you try to
find paint boots for a video and then
just leave everything out cuz you're too
lazy to put it back another package from
sky down yeah 14 foot mat and Springs
this is actually gonna be for the pure
fun trampoline they're nice enough to
send me another package they're also
making shirts for everybody that's
coming to the meetup so that's pretty
awesome and everybody in my family so
they're killing it yeah I'm gonna
probably wait till the meetup to put
that on cuz I just don't want to do it
by myself
ok I'm calling my mommy my mom do you
think groundcar would let me test out
his drone for a video today oh thank you
hello hello he said that time he wants
to watch a fiddle with it so what did
you have in mind
I don't know learn how to use it okay
I'll call grandpa back and tell him and
I'll let you know what time he's gonna
be there okay it's 11:11 make a wish I
wish you're a better mother to me why
we're on skype now about to call my
friend tio he's actually the guy that's
from Norway and he's coming in the
Midwest meet up sup tio
Oh triple bagging it's raining oh my
gosh dude you're gonna put everyone to
shame at the meet up to you I'll talk to
you later ideas all right peace
what a nice kid it's like a hundred and
four degrees today
hello yeah it's super freaking hot out
and since we got to grow grass around
the trampolines
I gotta go water all around it come on
alright guys my grandpa's here we're
gonna go out and fly the drone
Oh
it's
Oh
ready to go check my mailbox
hopefully this audio sounds better it's
coming from the skeleton case all my
steering wheels so hot I'm just not
going to vlog I'll see you guys the PIO
box place my jerk of a brother was on
the phone the whole way here
so I couldn't listen to music and it
made me sad so yeah thank you for
watching subscribe for more videos leave
like if you enjoy to friends and all the
good stuff and I'm out peace thank you
guys so freakin much for 20,000
subscribers what the hell
wait shout-out to absent a Biscay for
the new outro
what a sad song
