we have a MacBook Pro yeah but that my
last video but I thought of doing like a
little unboxing thing so yeah let's do
it this is like the biggest one they
come like 15 inch retina I think this is
the biggest storage too so I don't have
to use this hard drive anymore even
though this is like a thousand gigabytes
of storage it's just such a pain
plugging this into my computer and it
takes forever to export to this like 40
minutes ridiculous so I bought this and
I'm even more in debt now but it doesn't
matter cuz I was in debt one about the
camera time recording on and it was my
best investment so probably gonna be
selling that other computer I really
don't have a use for it anymore I've had
a guy work on it it's really fast now
but it's really low on the storage so
yeah guys best thing ever
a trash can under your table still using
a crappy knife guys send a good one of
my P o box link in the description this
is like the world's biggest iPhone there
is things so beautiful very professional
boxing I love it set all that over there
designed by Apple set that over there I
don't think there's anything else take
off the seal so it reminds me of an
iphone 4 charger basically comes with
nothing I like it I have no idea what
this does we'll plug it in and start her
up no fingerprints or anything I'll
remember this moment forever hi
everything on it is set up and we're
good to go back home we took off the
spring pad it's insane difference it's
really bouncy now especially with double
bounce
Oh
Jake's going for one bounce triple back
landed
we got some pads out he's going to do
lay out to quad front
in town
I know you're gonna make it but I had
part of me that was like it's gonna be
so close
what's up guys it's the morning now and
I'm with Quinton today he's gonna be
relearning some of his flips I'm gonna
try to do a couple flips it's 2:00 in
the afternoon
it's 2:00 in the afternoon I added it
all morning so it feels like the morning
cuz I haven't left my room let's go
he came in on my GoPro so hopefully the
audio is fixed on it now I saw these for
$40 at Walmart and got it for $5 off
Amazon snag we had a big old raining
storm after we filmed that skit
yesterday this mattress got really wet
did we go from the best trampolines to
the worst true yes we put new dirt all
around the trampoline to try to make it
like build up before the meetup it grew
a little bit so you're gonna keep
putting more dirt on it until it's yeah
we got 30 some bags of it and there's
still some wood peeking take off the
spring cover and cross the springs it's
way better now you locked me out of jail
but then I have the records let me I
have this okay so warm up for a back
full I've got it run in a circle and
then you got to do a back flip arou and
then let it back foot there's a double
Arabian by really ugly kaboom
oh yeah that one
no that's a butterfly I don't think I'll
be able to hear us leaving that now wait
what if it went over the net into it it
doesn't need to put it out come back
hi in Tucker really I usually hold to my
buttocks hit the Tramp so I know hey
it's time to let go of your legs and if
I ever quad from Anzhi tramp it'll
either in like this and I'm dead or
it'll in like this and I eat my nuts or
I'll do this the one freakin little tiny
chance it'll end like this yeah I did it
you know what I'd rather do one quick
yeah a pool full of foam and quad front
off this Tramp leave a dislike if we
should take out that trampoline and fill
it with foam cutter to get like 10
dislikes wait this is a trampoline video
I'll get five people the only ones vlogs
we'll just like you can't blame really
not just liked it give this box how
about I just get naked to please
everybody I don't think I've ever landed
on my knees and a double back that's all
for is this what you mean I'm sorry see
if I could land triple back like that I
think I'd be fine if I had a foam pit
I'd do it oh I told my mom to let us
empty out that pool and put foam in it
for the made-up she said no wait way to
double it buster what was that
watch out oh it is now I gotta do a
double kaboom
his head touch didn't count shut up you
know you did your kaboom
yellow your feet touched right now they
did so confess it yeah that was the
lowest trampoline combo in existence I'm
gonna do two quick silly tricks on this
trampoline right here I kiss the
trampoline this trampoline smells like
grass
I'd say snapchat it but my phone would
die and the time we take it out and hit
record bird poop laughing ah my hands
are sweaty and it makes me feel like my
hands are gonna slip off my knees while
Tanner Braun got his natural habitat
trying to figure out if he's gonna trick
or not um you better hurry up they're
getting angry that was pretty fun but it
was scary
alright now we're gonna go find a
castaway spot well I'm gonna do a
castaway he's gonna try to relearn a
backflip on the ground cuz it's been a
little while key word is try guys got
his own radio station in his hands going
up you tune into 93.1 you'll hear my
tunes
thanks a lost day
oh yeah copy humor I would do it off
that wall right there but it's a little
too high for my liking this kid has so
many sunglasses shown yeah we got to go
in to talk about to get our energy
drinks before we do some trick or energy
drinks yeah are we gonna show them my
collection first yes okay so that's one
two three four five six pump but I had
seven
I don't know this usually goes something
oh is that it yeah I broke the oh yeah
yeah that day we shot at the gym he
stepped on the glasses that I was
wearing I guess kind of my fault I set
him on the ground got our owns crushed
fries went ahead over to that wall over
there try one castaway if I get close to
landing it I might try again last time I
tried twice I hurt my foot so uh-huh I
don't know so we meet again wall with
the rainbow grease looking mark on it
probably six five three was it my hand
level I'd be perfect but I can't have it
my way no we got a copper over there
looking at us think he'll be mad
probably misses no blessing to it yeah
Cup game last night and he said get away
from that wall so we're back cuz
apparently 100 pound kids he's gonna
crack their brick wall it's out work
yeah it is now time for our
advertisement um sponsor s Taco Bell
live Mase we're going home because this
hurts he did it yay I don't think I'll
ever land this is so much pressure I'm a
freaking foot and my heart now my back
to see Frank we're going to the store
shelter looking thinking all my kits
literally focusing on bugs on your
windshield Shan people here might not
want us but we're coming anyway
yeah you better keep that oh I should
use that for my draw my life got an
audience hi random white truck
we've got more audience stop there you
go now put your boots down god that hurt
that's not as weird as it used to feel
that was sexy you know how I tore my ass
that didn't help all right we're out of
here
he landed one and I didn't land a
castaway cuz I suck
alright so I'm not to try this out with
my GoPro my car still smells like old
man even though I bought a Carson thing
maybe I didn't activate it right or
something I don't know anyway okay so we
have the GoPro okay there so that audio
should be better but check it out got my
car charger here so I plug that thing in
and this cord reaches right up to it so
we can plug in and this $5 amazon case
does indeed have a charging port and
it's charging that's pretty much it for
this video you guys trying to upload
daily or as close to daily as I can get
hope you guys enjoy these thank y'all
for watching subscribe for more videos
you've likely enjoyed and I'm out peace
member
one sad
