what's up guys here with my cousin Logan
we're going to go to a trampoline park
in about an hour I need to get back in
the trampoline game before the meet up
I'm going to do like anything cool I
don't know what I'm gonna do I still
need to film the Q&A I think I'm gonna
film the qat on the way to the
trampoline place answer as many
questions as I can and then amount of
time we were just outside and I was
doing trampoline flips left my phone on
the trampoline and then I went and sat
down on the chair and he went and
brought me my phone and I wasn't
expecting it he threw it on my lap so I
didn't know what it was that I don't
even know what I thought it was and I
just I didn't know it I didn't know what
it was so I just smacked it and now look
at it hold it shattered all over the
place and the glass is like up through
the phone so I can't really use it at
all we're probably going to film a game
of tramp into the foam pit so and right
now we're gonna do this cool backflip
basketball catch thing yeah all right
guys we're heading to a da right now and
afterwards we're gonna go buy Best Buy
check prices of MacBooks I'm gonna
answer you guys's questions right now
there's like 700 comments so I'm not
obviously not gonna be able to answer
all of them I'm just going to answer
ones that interest me and then I haven't
answered before in previous q and a's
cuz I just get so many repeats like who
inspired you to flip above it anyway
yeah let's get into it I'm gonna use all
of our data moans it's so hard to read
with the correct phone okay before any
of them yes the meetup is still private
you guys just can't show up I've had
like so many people asking you okay
there's already 20 guys coming and if I
had any more nobody's gonna get a turn
our house isn't that big underscore
Holden Caldwell underscore how did you
get so popular I think he's talking
about YouTube just do something that you
like and don't do it for money or
anything just have fun with it and you
got to be consistent it's like the big
thing in the words of Roman
would and Cayce nights that just keep
uploading just keep uploading guys Nick
underscore Terran Eden I don't know are
you ever going to quad on gee tramp um I
don't know if I ever caught on tramp if
we get that foam pit full quad off tramp
but probably not I don't know I'm not in
my flipping prime guys I don't know
where I am half the time we're going to
a VA right now on my quad front there
see I can quad front there and I'll make
it over my head but I just I want to do
it on tramp yeah I see a lot of people
asking for more tutorials if I'm ever
going to do them again um probably not
going to do any tutorials anymore just
because pretty much everything's been
covered and you have to learn a lot of
it by yourself and I did like tutorials
on a triple front and stuff that are
like big tricks you just have to learn
those because you're not gonna be like
oh okay
and then go out and do a triple front
and your first days just not gonna
happen so Bo oh one two seven how often
do you flip I used to spend hours on the
trampoline everyday and now I spend
hours every month and with all these
subscribers I've been gaining guys been
killing it lately thank you guys so much
there's like point four percent of the
population out there that does flips so
there's no point of me trying to like
cater to my audience that only ones
flips you know my flipping videos used
to get the most views and now some of my
other videos are just right up there
with them so I know I do flips for fun
in my free time whenever I want and I'll
do them if it's just fun for the video
I love diving I love messing around like
the master side of the pool that was so
fun but I'm not going to force myself to
go out on the trampoline to make a
trembling video call an underscore
German what's your life goal to become a
youtuber live in California and not hate
my life Jane Ellie are you ever coming
to San Diego if everything works out
with tanner Fox yes I will be going to
San Diego because I'm pretty sure that's
where he lives we've already kind of
talked about what video we're gonna make
but I'm just not gonna say anything
obviously I haven't talked to him just
because you know we have to wait to find
out the date anyway he's busy right now
it'll work out when it walks out Jane
Ellie again will you make a p.o box
opening video soon yes I will make one
as soon as I have like I don't know how
many packages I'm gonna get so I can't
promise what I'm gonna do it I don't
want to make a p.o box opening video
with like three I haven't even checked
my PA box yet cuz I figured it'd take a
couple days for people's stuff to come
in and I've actually people asking me
like hey what stuff do I send surprised
me I mean send funny fanart cool
whenever you guys want just don't make
it like illegal I don't want any
cocaine I mean I do but she won't
alright here's going to be one question
I answer strictly about trampolines mat
setter underscore Logan is the sky bound
better or worse than the Akon circle
it's probably a little bit worse I
wouldn't say worse it's like a good
Tramp but Akon has been in the
trampoline industry for way longer than
sky bounce so they you know they have
time to improve their product and
Skybound will do the same thing as time
goes on I've heard that they're going to
be working on a rectangle trampoline
soon again this is like unofficial I'm
not sure but I can see that being a
really good trampoline SP dot ence
spence I guess I don't know what
question do you hate to answer how much
money do you make off YouTube that's
about it that's like the one question
that makes me so mad under the meat oh I
guess that went to but it's not about
how much money you make it all if you
set out on YouTube to make money you're
wasting your time with the amount of
luck in hours you're gonna spend in a
computer hating it just for money you
would be making so much more money at a
regular job words of wisdom from Tanner
burger
I know it's Q&A but I dare you to prank
when your family member who you're in
for a treat mom I will do a family prank
I'm not gonna say what its gonna be or
who's it gonna be on but it's gonna be
funny maybe now this is the prank by me
pranking you by saying I'm gonna do a
prank but I'm really not hi I got you
it's just a prank bro chill out I'm
gonna skip down a lot because so many
Corbin Parker would you rather ride your
new car or me both at the same time
Jonny busy can you post a legit video of
a game of tramp well we're gonna do a
legit one at the foampit I'm probably
gonna lose they trampoline like seven
hours a day I trampoline never I'm
probably never gonna do a legit game a
tramp on my tramps at home just because
like I said I'm not as good as I used to
be in there Owen like their prime see
like two years ago do me doing a triple
front like I got shouted out so much for
that like that was unseen on a backyard
trampoline and now if you do that you're
just like considered normal I guess so
probably not and flipping is not a
competition either so big jerk out of
all your trampolines which have you
liked the most and which youtube video
that you've made do you like the most
my favorite trampoline is definitely my
in-ground trampoline just because I've
been through the most of it even though
I've had the most injuries on it I've
had the most fun with it and I just like
the fact that it's in the ground yeah I
like the trap master a lot too because
it was super bouncy I loved put
that by the pool but it broke in like
less than a year than I that I had it so
I guess it was like 10 11 years old and
my most favorite YouTube video that I
made is probably my draw my life just
because I put the most time into that
and second probably my reacting old
family videos and pictures I also put a
lot of time into that the ones that take
me forever to make those are the ones
that I like the most I saw a comment now
I don't see it but it was a what is the
worst part about YouTube and whenever
you post a video that you really really
like and the people that usually support
you and like leave good feedback say
they liked it in whatever are just mad
because they didn't get the video that
they wanted like oh my god this isn't
this kind of video and they just get mad
so that's probably the worst part
whenever people do that but you know I
used to look at my dislikes I'd see like
1 or 2 dislikes and be so mad even
though there's like 200 likes and I
never really got that but now I don't
really care about dislikes I have a
video that has like 400 some dislikes
the insane dad the freaking
eight-year-olds got ahold of it I guess
I don't know yeah that was a real laptop
people saying it's fake I don't know
yeah we really did destroy my laptop so
yeah it's probably the worst part the
best part is that you can wake up and
you could probably be naked from the
waist down
and you have to have a shirt on and you
can film and it's gotten to the point
that I don't really care what I look
like on YouTube anymore so I guess
that's a good thing maybe not Luke
Matson who was your favorite youtuber
my favorite youtubers are Casey Neistat
at Roman Atwood faze rug faze rain faze
apex I'm running out of fingers
face Tico faze adapt pretty much all the
phase guys I like Shane he's kind of
funny
Tanner Fox level up media um they're
like a trampoline group of guys I should
just go through my subscriptions because
I have so many like I know I'm
forgetting a lot pewdiepie of course
he's super funny leafyishere I think I
forgot faze Blaziken rice gum for sure
the relaxing in whenever I'm in a gaming
mood techrax just because whenever I'm
eating a bowl of cereal or something
I'll turn on his videos face Jeff I
guess I like mcjuggernuggets I just got
a piece of glass in my freaking thumb
yeah probably all those guys all right
guys I'm gonna wrap up the Q&A there
because we are here thank y'all for
watching subscribe for more videos leave
like you enjoyed why am I saying this we
have a whole video to film bye
whatever says
