I got to think of an intro hold on oh
 man Sam let's try to break your
back yeah good yeah today is the day we
do flip Khan I hurt my foot last night
if you watching us today slog just a
little bit I can still like walk but I
don't know if I'm gonna be doing many
flips I'm just a vlogger anyway other
people will be doing flips it's gonna be
a fun day Quentin is gonna have to do a
quad no bicoid ten we're gonna race him
he's gonna win come on come on come on
come on that was uncalled for
there's our rental car now bite you man
take it - this is taking us to the sand
by the we're looking for some with their
window down so I can sing ocean man it's
correct
take me by the hand going just grab my
so my mom and my sister are gonna go
walk around and do some random stuff and
we're gonna go back to hotel we just
came out here to eat but all the guys
are back at the hotel and I want to see
them and hang out and do whatever so
yeah hopefully my microphone still works
because our cab driver handed me my
camera by my microphone I was like no
one knows how to hand a camera I swear
squad is coming I don't know what we're
doing but Quentin Quentin we get married
we get married here really yes okay oh
yeah are you playing for our wedding
Jack the pool is now closed for the
season
pulling livers way over this gate I said
I was done doing illegal stuff oh my god
guys look the pool is begin to say we're
filming a traditional video there's one
camera 2 Camera 3 camera 4 camera 5
camera 6 and I guess that counts as one
keep everybody safe when I will
Oh
I can't do that
and we are out of here I think that was
my first time doing something like that
for the vlog and we didn't even get
caught that was awesome they're still
setting up floors
yeah I'm telling you let me hold your
cardio ring and go get married this
young man is from Russia I used to watch
his parkour videos on YouTube and I'd
watch him and I'd freak out and then I
didn't even know it was him someone
showed me an old video that I'd seen a
million times probably you guys have
seen this here the clip that's him
that's him in the video he's Russian
that's all you need to know Russian oh
sure yeah why not this is one of the
makers of yes flip con yeah we plan to
do we're pumped for you all these guys
out here
we got quickly license plate all right
we got my rose is everything tan Claude
you guys are on the shoot you're all my
freakin ankle if you didn't know that
hand-painted eye there's no way I'm
getting these dirty I just can't these
are so sick thank you guys I didn't vlog
it but the same guy just told me that
they have a familiar ride for me to roll
up to the event and I don't know what
they're talking about what's your back
corn - mines on challenge' okay it's
either gonna be a challenger an RN or a
Lambo if it's like a truck I don't think
it's gonna be a supercar that's just
nuts if it was there has to be the
Challenger
Oh
I'm ready to see it my guess is
challenger challenger no way
no get out of here you didn't have to do
this for me
2017 my god it literally has a flip Khan
logo on it let's go Quinton ocean man
come look what car we got freakin black
all that black challenger I was right it
was
let's get Bailey in front of it and
let's go
what did I just do that black-and-white
sad thing let me tell you see I'm a
minor I'm 17 I can't drive it I have to
be in the passenger seat just like when
I went to go look at the 2017 alright
they wouldn't even let me drive it when
I had one we made it to the gym the
schedule of this event goes from now
which is like six o'clock all the way
till 8:00 in the morning it's an
all-night thing no one's sleeping
apparently we're heading back out we're
not jumping on the trampolines yet we're
going to the Vegas strip now flipping
for strip or here's my car this time
Little Red Bull machine you haven't I
respect your clothing hello thank you
this may be the only opportunity that I
got oh my god Pirates of the Caribbean
here a nightly the hottest woman ever
made on earth thank you to her parents
we haven't even made it to the spot no
flips no pleasure god oh god security
yes I think blip crane with a pretty
fountain in the back ready three two
I'm already tired man I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to make it there's a
full night of events I might be crashing
in the hotel halfway through no way
you're making 14 hours what yeah no no
go give a random go fist with your left
hand back out in traffic
yeah
well flipping in the street went good
we're actually going to the trampling
part now let's do it yeah yeah you guys
mind if I sit here you're not going up
how many survivors are you how many what
my subscribers you have like oh I have
some that's not enough
go barefoot or where the grips off I'll
go barefoot Tanner I understand the
danger
back in the game whatever no it's no big
deal who says you left everyone
so this is one of the world's biggest
trampoline gyms and we have it all to
ourselves literally goes all the way
back there we got this whole thing
there's an obstacle course American
Ninja Warrior there's too much can film
and my camera is about to die but I'm
gonna film as much as I can we're here
for flip con so I'm gonna put some
flipping stuff in the vlog and here goes
the Russian
yeah he's got it easy
no Hannah Browns are doing a signature
track into the phone peddling
bagful of this clothing public on the
universe 20 pounds of upgraded clothing
if you want it family
Dave's clothing it's going around the
world everybody wants it it's gonna be
in stores well guys my camera is at 1%
and we're packing up we're about to go
do some go-karts and then I'm probably
gonna call it quits after that probably
go to bed they're having a competition
and stuff it like one bottle maybe
weights you tired you have to leave
because you're bored
I'm gonna be leaving soon yes are you
gonna go do the go-kart thing a little
bit and then I'm there is a day two
tomorrow but it's not gonna be everybody
I don't even know what I'm doing it's
been a lot of fun flip commas doh look
at that young man flipping with a hurt
arm
okay last trick last trick oh my god oh
my god oh yeah guys we gonna go ahead
and make this basketball shot real quick
doodoo in it hey guys we're gonna go
ahead and in this video share and I hope
you guys enjoyed it today so much
watching we don't want it anymore we're
gay we don't got the water bottle don't
play straight we only do gay flips we
don't play basketball yeah I think you
so much watch this video and leave like
Cherith friends if you enjoyed subscribe
for new now see you guys next one I'll
leave it to will
you just maybe
