hey mom hey Quinn and I are gonna go
work out really yeah like at Anytime
Fitness I already canceled that you know
good has to be my last I'm going goodbye
okay we got our pre-workout song in
let's do this got it
hi guys maxing out today haven't done
this in a while but how many I start out
with like two more two is too new
that's three you another word adds throw
one more goes what's this what we're out
of wait so I like squirrel five you can
see one is easy okay yeah can do here
hold these in film okay
what's up bro
I hate teaching kids that go here you
would steal that spring for my
trampoline
aye we're leaving and if they check the
security footage I'm definitely going to
get kicked out we only use Quinton's key
to get in which you're not supposed to
do and I didn't really have very many
clothes on but it was cool yeah guys I
don't really know what that was but it
looked like trash because I've been
editing all morning I'm here at the car
dealership we're about to go in and talk
pretty sure I'm gonna go buy this car
let me show you real fast 2007 Ford
Mustang v6 about 141 thousand miles on
it okay sorry I'm by a highway but I was
gonna get like a more expensive car 2011
with like 37,000 miles on it but it is
my first car and we're buying it right
now I think it looks pretty sweet show
you guys the inside we're gonna hit that
fixed over there seat belt back here
doesn't work but you know I can just fix
that real fast I can legally drive in
like two weeks and then the meet ups
right around the corner and now I can
use this to travel places and I don't
know I really like the gray or the
silver I think it's the best color for
this I think it looks sick his name
which is your name Tristan come on come
outside I want you to look at the car I
bought bought a car yeah if the ceiling
isn't sagging down like my car you're
taking it back how much was it we got it
for 6300 but we have to do like a few
hundred dollars and repairs and then we
have to pay taxes and interim chairs
dude
okay I can't slosh right now but the
ceiling is literally five inches from
the top
he doesn't pay anything to own that come
on well hey there it is cool bye I
thought wait wasn't there
I don't like you couldn't get it for
some reason oh no it's a different but
I'm glad you couldn't tell the
difference that was like ten thousand
dollars less we're leaving and my mom
timed her kids perfectly because now my
brother's old enough to ride in the car
with me yeah cuz he's 18 so technically
he is an adult so he can ride with me
wherever I go and I also have to pick up
my sister now now that he's graduated
hey I'm gonna run downstairs and get my
aux cord I want to test it out but first
I'm gonna set up a GoPro on my car okay
we're gonna unpeel the GoPro and point
it slightly towards me perfect now I can
kind of vlog even though that I'll have
horrible audio for now it'll be good
enough now we're gonna test the aux cord
how do you open this freaking console
got it it's down in here alright hey let
me turn on my favorite song let's go and
I have one more straw
little do they know I expected future
reimbursement
I had to leave my house to get you talk
about by doesn't kill you makes you
strong goodbye
it's got a car charger pretty much
complete now
massage
