it's here I'm at the right place all
right
thank you so the surprise is a
trampoline it was actually a trampoline
that was sent to me by a company called
Skybound they're nice enough to send me
a trampoline so I can do kind of like a
review on it and use it for the meter so
thank you so much to Skybound guys are
awesome ok guys I'm gonna bring this
stuff outside and then I'm gonna do a
quick little garage unboxing down here
another thing I forgot to talk about I'm
probably going to be opening a p.o box
soon we're checking the prices today and
I'll probably just get one soon it's not
that big of a deal and then I'll have an
address in the description and please
don't send anything like expensive or
something I don't I don't need that fun
funny creative kind of stuff like that
and yeah let's do this and go put on a
hat cuz I'm ugly ok we'll start with the
smaller stuff but remember guys I'm not
being paid to say anything about this
anything that I say is like my honest
opinion I can say it's bad or good it
doesn't matter so if it's like a bad
trampoline and I'm not gonna tell you
guys it's good if it's a good trampoline
I'm not gonna tell you guys this bad you
know that'd be stupid so let's get to
work pretty sure this is a sure I'm not
good at opening packages yet hopefully
once I get a pay box that'll change
oh sweet this super soft material guys
says sky's the limit and then on the
back has my Instagram name sadly I did
change my Instagram name - without the
underscore it doesn't freakin matter
it's all good and this says team
Skybound Dreamchasers and then has the
logo on the Left sleeve this is really
sweet I'm gonna freakin put it on smells
like a cargo truck I love it sure is hot
in my freaking garage I guess we need to
work on this big package now there's
actually like three different packages
in here so
they wrapped it good cuz I can't frickin
open it okay we're gonna open this long
skinny one first whenever I have a pol
box sixty one of you guys won't send me
a good knife that'd be having nice
because this one sucks
oh sweet this is I know what this is now
I have the number of one of the guys
that works there there's social media
director and I've been talking to him he
was nice enough to make it send this to
us check it out guys you know what I'm
just gonna go set this out on the ground
and then show you yes okay so here it is
Midwest Meetup 2016 with the old picture
of me doing this backflip on this roof
and they managed to put this on this
like super awesome material they got a
giant banner for the meetup so they are
sponsoring the Meetup that's part of the
announcement and they're also doing one
more thing so they got the team Skybound
got my youtube on there again my old
Instagram doesn't matter even got the
new Instagram logo on there even though
it's ugly I like it this banner is just
super sick I'll probably have it in the
background on the meetup or something I
haven't completely decided yet what I'm
gonna do moving on not only were they
nice enough to send me a trampoline just
sent me a 15-foot trampoline which is
basically one of the biggest sizes that
they come in click the normally the
biggest size so thank you guys again
okay actually guys I'm just gonna open
all this and I'll show you all of it in
the end so it's not like a big long
process you know okay guys I will see
you guys in the backyard whenever my dad
gets here and we'll put this thing
together cuz I can definitely not do it
myself
so since my legs so freakin screwed up
and I've been limping probably not gonna
be able to do much on the trampoline but
so I still have this mattress out here
haven't moved it I have to put it in a
shed that's why we've already started
taking apart this trampoline so yeah
this thing's already partially put away
but we moved all this stuff out here too
not only did I already have that thing
from the brick I also got this and this
while carrying out the boxes I
accidentally fell over the concrete and
the boxes fell on my leg oh here we go
oh okay Springs are pretty big they're
like probably eight and a half if I had
to guess hey guys so this is how many
things come with this trampoline it's
pretty insane but I bet it's good we're
gonna go ahead to the post office and
see if we can open a p.o box right now
oh my god they're so product yeah
goodbye there's glitter all over our
driveway usually I would just take my
phone into this place and record but it
dies at 90% so I can't do that here a
bigger one let me slide out drawers or
really big things give you like a little
like a little plastic key chain it'll
say one two three four five and you get
into those are you doing using I don't
know just kind of random vlog what stuff
yeah started out on a bunch of
trampoline crazy flips and they're
involved in the comedy stuff well not
yeah let's just explain my whole story
oh yeah that is literally why people
think since all Kansas is well can we
please have six six six where's that I
see people sending bigger stuff than
that
here's reference size guys because
because my hand fair we're never
something like that up there your money
so it's at $69 for six huh yes sign me
up yeah
I don't know how often I'll do like peel
boxes cuz I don't know how much stuff is
gonna be sin that 98 sound good
yes this right there see just let me
show you real quick a that's something
is easy but just good you basically you
hear just how much you do it alright
just put it in slightly turn to the left
and wipe out to the left you cool and
then same thing turn back to the left
zip art Nagisa can't been kid with blue
trampolines and I guess they don't know
why you don't just put our street
address because right now I just got a
new subscriber everybody here yeah guide
the PIO box
thank you a proof I don't bite him I
paid him a little okay guys just open a
peel box correct and I'm already
dropping one of the keys but send me
stuff address will be in the description
of this video so yeah I'll probably do a
peel box opening within the next couple
weeks maybe a month I don't know I'm
gonna let it pile up because it'd be
kind of weird to open like two and I'll
shout you out in the video you know all
that of course I will so now we're gonna
go back home finish setting up the Tramp
actually we need to go to the car place
we're getting home and literally it's so
hot outside guys better like this video
okay I'm like going through a lot guys I
was right eight and a half inch Springs
I just know trampoline so well okay
we're back and join with my dad the
other two guys left and now we were
gonna put all this together yeah we got
all these laid out put together and they
actually have these things that make
retraction to the grass better you just
put them on like that and they snap into
a tiny little hole so that they won't
move whenever they're down there so
pretty smart engineering now you gotta
put these on best part about all this is
that there's no screws on it or anything
so makes it really easy
they all just click in alright now we're
gonna put them all together stack them
up make the frame my butt hurts from
landing on the cement earlier and every
time I bend over it hurts even more but
it's
Oh guess I'll get up and bounce on a
girl fat but it's uneven but for a new
trap its target bouncy whenever I got
this trampoline first it was not as
bouncy as that so whatever this thing
loosens out and of course it's off
access right now it'll be good
things got the weirdest snap and it
actually looks pretty cool
the one thing I could possibly see being
annoying is that the net actually comes
into the trampoline a little bit so it's
not you know like straight up but a lot
of trampolines do this and of course
it's for safety because it's been if you
run into it it's obviously going to hold
you specially with these kind of poles
that are pushing back and of course most
your tricks are going to be in the
middle of the trampoline anyway now all
we got to do is put these spring pads
around the Tramp
overall I probably give this trampoline
a 4 to 5 on easiness to set up putting
the thread through the holes and then
back through the springs took a while
but it tied it down nicely so probably a
5 out of 5 on safety a 4 to 5 on bounce
because it is pretty bouncy I might give
it a 5 out of 5 I mean it's a new Tramp
so you can't really tell yet this thing
was insanely bouncy but it was also 10
years olds who it was like super worn in
obviously yeah I'm gonna hop up on the
tramp throw some stuff first trick back
to a handstand like that yep there you
go just a little less than two hours to
set it up so not bad time they don't
take much bounce so I'll do a triple
think we can triple
first we track net test good all right
let's go FaceTime no that's okay tell
the FaceTime what sky down did for us
right everything everything just tell
them what they're doing about the Meetup
like what they're doing for me too yeah
yeah yeah all right so sky bound is
sponsoring the entire meetup and they're
sponsoring my travel to the meetup
meeting they bought me a round trip to
tanners house and back though it's gonna
be awesome and sweet they're paying for
his whole fly and everything - awesome
yeah sixteen or fifty I'm not sure I'll
talk to you later dude pays alright so
yeah that's pretty much it for this
video guys again thank you so much the
Skybound for everything that you've done
please leave a like if you enjoy charity
friends and all the good stuff and I'm
out peace what's up guys today I'm gonna
be opening a trampoline I got sent to me
from a company and it's just so awesome
obviously I'm kidding it wasn't a joke
it was stop they're gonna be they're
gonna knows I sell out
sad
