what's up guys my dad is on his way over
right now he's bringing over the
king-sized mattress that used to be in
my mom's room and we're going to use it
for the Meetup but I figured might as
well take that and my two other
mattresses put a blanket over them put
them by the pool try to do some flips
mess around have some fun so we're going
to go and load it get the other two
mattresses it's going to be dark
somewhat soon but it'll be freakin
awesome American Dad for life I'm sorry
this big surprise in the announcement is
taking so long I don't have any control
over it but it'll be here soon I promise
here we are not just hanging out the
back thank you okay we got the mattress
now we just need to get the other two
all right two down one to go
got the two heavy ones out of the way
it's already higher than the diving
board so you guys would not imagine the
amount of dead spiders on that one it's
horrible better leave a like I went
through a lot of scary stuff for this
video okay guys final product we got the
blanket on the end I mean they're still
gonna get soaked but it's better than
nothing we'll go try some tricks and
yeah
need some heavy on that in perfect let's
do just a back foot now I'll throw a
double back first haha
as expected the mattresses or so it's
like the worst trampoline ever is right
by my pool I think I'll try a cast away
off it there's no way I can't do a
double front without getting rid of the
bike that was probably the best uh
befall I've ever done in my life I
kicked a brick trying to back up from a
wasp but I was hiding under that frickin
diving board I don't to get blood on the
mattress I'm gonna keep going though I
need a quick blood cleanup break you
would not believe in me I was just
riding my bike around my pool and
suddenly I was attacked by a king cobra
hit me on the heel I set my own venom
out I'll do a simple one and a half it
burns so good
double core here I come
this kind of stuff it's the most fun
kind of flips it never gets old
alright last trick just four shots and
giggles I'm gonna try castaway off this
oh my god I thought I was getting on in
my face or maybe you hit my feet on the
cement or something but laid it yeah
that's pretty much it for this video
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to leave a like share with
your friends and all the good stuff and
I'm out peace I just touch the camera
when I was wet guys this is my first
night ever leaving the mattresses
outside never left him out I've always
taken great care of them but they're too
wet to go in the house hopefully it
doesn't rain if so it's not meant to be
whatever
you
