what's up guys just posting my draw my
life if you haven't seen it go check it
out I'm actually really proud of that
video took me forever to edit another
thing because of you guys linking Tanner
Foxx a video on Twitter and tagging him
on Instagram and stuff he actually saw
the video yesterday
hey DM me on Twitter about collabing and
I don't know it's gonna be sweet I'm not
gonna like say that we're gonna collab
cuz I still don't know all the details
or even if it's gonna happen but I just
think it's really sweet that with the
power of you guys it got him to see the
video so pretty sweet yeah I'm just not
gonna say anything else cuz I don't know
where he stands about all of it so yeah
we'll keep you updated and now we're
gonna go test drive that one car that I
said I was going to I was a cutie a year
ago I get to drive this thing again no
I'm on it you just give me this car oh
you want to make famous no I mean you
could still make Conan I just drive I
want to get this bad boy
my mommy forgot her driver's license and
now we get to go all the way back home
ha ha I like it oh it's burning hot here
but wait it's got an aux cord that's all
that matters it's a little guilty the
right side is like a ballpoint and needs
to be fixed or whatever I'll join
brother
and that the door over here is a little
bit like messed up
girl 45 or 60 but right now
other than that it's pretty sweet I like
it
and it'd be a pretty fun first car it's
not like amazing but it's pretty awesome
I also want this one this is our next
option this one's like sixteen thousand
almost but the inside looks brand-new
and it's pretty sweet except I'm not 18
so I can't drive this so I just get to
sit here so after driving that one even
though I'm not supposed to I really want
to get it it's honestly some sweet
things way better than the other one
except it's also really expensive
because also has hail damage on the top
so unless they come down in the price
then we're probably I don't know idea
we'll see oh my god they also have a
freaking bright purple and a red oh my
god I want these so bad and how much are
they 31,000 and 37,000 that is my joke
oh my god I would kill to have this car
like you guys don't even know so this is
the gray one basically the same thing I
like it a little bit more though I think
it looks even cooler 31,000 guys we
thought there was no aux cord but there
is it's in the console thank the Lord
this one's a year older no hail damage
and it's also pretty sweet I haven't
driven it yet and yeah lower miles on it
so it's a deal-breaker to the coolest
color in the world I want
check it ready it's not sweet matches my
phone case mom please guys look at that
hair starting to train it to make sure
it can stay up whenever gets a little
bit longer but it woke up this morning
to a thousand likes I'm gonna draw my
life which is just so crazy it literally
is like 5,000 views and a thousand likes
oh that's just nuts that so many people
liked it and it's I think it's one of my
best videos so thank you guys for all
the support on that it did great and
yeah my phone dies at 90% now so that's
that's awesome
but we're gonna go try it oh my gosh
guys we got the mother freaking queen of
all tramps there's bars in the way but
yeah
taking my daddy's car
you know Ferber
get in there put on your seat though
keep reaching for her back there
we are at my grandmother's not I made of
it this is my handsome grandfather I'm a
two five it's not gay if it's in a
threeway hey Haley you're drawing lesson
thanks it took for freaking ever whoa
what the this looks way better than last
time it's awesome it's a freaking beast
II mean that's awesome like it yep let
me see that face see we're gonna go to
the pool by my grandma's even though
there's a pool right there I need some
sunscreen I don't want to get too tan
we're heading out just cool it's the
sickest diving boards ever they're like
a wooden board I can't wait to get in
here and here oh my god is that a camera
are you filming we're about to go hit
them double backs on that we can sit
down in the lid over there
we're sick go double back right now
it was clean bro get the butt on that
thing
double four did it too sick she goes
diver Oh God there was ten out of ten
form she did that three times in a row
don't mess with this kid
put it away you're not kidding around
here put it away got the pretzel with
the cheese we got the Logan I'm done
watching this I call this one the dab
dive I get myself into this
already my warmup
yeah we're leaving this pool because
it's boring hey it's the old Tanner
shirtless anyway thank you guys for
watching this video leave like if you
enjoyed your the friends all the good
stuff and yeah I'm probably not gonna be
able to get the really good car that I
wanted because even though I would have
enough to pay for it I don't want that
to be like the only thing I pay for you
know I want to be able to travel make
other videos for you guys so I just
think I'm gonna go with the first car
the red Mustang or keep looking on
Craigslist probably the red one so yeah
thanks again for all the support on the
drop my life
also thank you guys so much for 12,000
subscribers hard work is finally paying
off and it's just awesome so thank you
guys so much for that again and yeah
that's pretty much it guys peace out
I knew what was handsome
