what's up guys my name is Tanner Bron
gar and today I'm gonna be drawing my
life before I get started I just like to
say that I'm a horrible artist and I
hold my pencil weird so don't
cyberbullying me I was born on a
Wednesday evening in Wichita Kansas and
lived the first couple years of my life
with my brother my mom and my dad and a
house in the country that was built into
a hill pretty cool right I still
remember one day my dad let us climb on
the roof and my mom wasn't too happy
about that
when I was 2 years old my parents had
their last child my little sister Taylor
I was always mad because she never got
punished for anything but looking back
she never really did anything wrong we
moved for the first time into a bigger
house just outside the town I live in
now although I was little I remember
making tents out of blankets and
dining-room chairs and waking up one
morning to a spider dangling from my
ceiling in my face good times and
although I didn't know it during this
time my parents were doing a lot of
fighting and elected their divorce when
I was just four years old it didn't
really have much of an effect on me
because I was still really little but I
did begin to miss my dad because
although we went to my dad's every other
day during the week we only stayed the
night at his house every other weekend
we grew up fishing and hunting with my
dad and we were always playing outside
one day my dad got us a Playstation 2
with the game called Guitar Hero I fell
in love with the game and played it
every chance I got along with other
games like driver and Tony Hawk's
American wasteland he's had a big effect
on me because I still loved and listened
to a lot of that music today and
continue to play video games in my free
time my dad lived in an apartment and my
mom lived in a smaller house when we
were still little we went to school fed
the Ducks took bike rides and all that
fun stuff I still remember a day
kindergarten when I brought her home
from the school thinking I would be able
to call my mom and it would be cool
until my principal caught me with it and
got me in trouble for it we grew up
moving house to house with my mom while
my dad only moved once which was into
the house he still lives in today I
played soccer basketball baseball and
wrestled and when I wasn't I was playing
catch with myself in our front yard
because my brother wasn't into any
sports and my sister was too small to
play I had no worries at all and I can
hardly think of any times I was sad or
mad but I was always horribly afraid of
the dark and slept in my mom's room
every chance I got as a kid if she
locked the door then I would take a
credit card out of her purse and slide
it through the door to unlock it I was
also a very picky eater never finishing
my meals and eating junk food all the
time but I never gained anyway just like
today except now I eat all the time my
dad remains single for the most part but
my mom had a few boyfriends one of which
proposed her when I was six years old I
felt something was wrong with this guy
and hated
with all my heart thankfully she
realized it too broke up with him and
sent him packing on Halloween night I
still remember how happy I was that
night when I turned seven years old I
got my first surgery since I was a
really little kid I had my tonsils out
and I loved every minute of it because I
hardly felt any pain I got to ride in a
wheelchair and I got lots of ice cream
also both of my parents each got a
trampoline around this time so I had a
trampoline of my dad's and trampoline
and my mom's I love jumping around on
them and I was on them all the time
one day my cousin Owen came over for a
birthday party and did a backflip on my
trampoline so I was determined to learn
one two I started to teach myself some
tricks and could land a front-flip at
age seven and a backflip at age eight I
always wanted to get into gymnastics but
I was afraid the kids at school were
gonna make fun of me for it so I just
told myself now although I still love
sports I loved flipping - I also loved
watching shows like Deb w/e Avatar The
Last Airbender and Power Rangers that
showed stunts and stuff by the time I
was in sixth grade we had moved two more
times with my mom and we were living in
a house by a cemetery that I still think
is haunted and my dad had settled down
in a house and began dating who would be
my stepmom Megan I also made a YouTube
channel called Edgar Mick Steele Paco
Paco standing for a game I spent hours
playing every day called Pirates of the
Caribbean online I began to become
obsessed with computer games I play
games like webkinz roblox and all that
fun stuff I made videos about these and
posted them on my YouTube channel along
with some flips on my trampolines then a
lot of things started changing in my
life I continued doing flips and began
to get less and less interested in
sports by the day also I began to start
having stomach issues when I was in
fifth and sixth grade and I had to have
two surgeries to try and fix the problem
I began to feel better but it was off
and on throughout middle school this led
to me missing lots of days of school but
it was okay because I hate today anyway
and in seventh grade I went to go try
out for the basketball team but ended up
changing my mind when a kid asked me are
you really going to try out for the team
you know you aren't gonna make it right
and me being me went home sad and
doubting myself and decided not to play
basketball that year I guess karma took
its toll though because the kid that
told me that ended up not making the
team wrestling that year was the last
sport I would ever do and I was so upset
with my parents making me do it that I
would skip practices or hide in the
locker rooms until it was over I started
going on the trampolines all the time
learning double flips having lots of fun
with it but the more I did it the more
people made fun of me for it I started
my Instagram account in seventh grade
and began to post my flips which led to
a couple hundred followers but endless
ridicule from kids at school kids would
call me gay and a bunch of other stuff
just for doing something different than
them it got to the point the kids would
slap rubber bands
me and step on the back of my shoes and
some other worse stuff but a lot of this
came from being smaller than the other
kids who had already hit puberty and of
course me doing flips by eighth grade I
was left out of the cool kids group and
began to sit with the other kids at
lunch I'm glad this happened though
because I met one of my good friends
Dylan who I could relate to a lot I
think that's why I'm still good friends
with them today other than Dylan I
didn't really have any other friends
because I hated almost everybody in my
class and school in general I would
hardly talk and I became anti-social I
faked being sick a lot so I could leave
school just to be alone thankfully flips
had become a big part of my life and it
was a way for me to escape these
problems and at this time I met one of
my other good friends Quentin who I am
also still good friends with today
Dylan Quentin and I began to flip
together throughout the end of eighth
grade and that summer so I began to feel
a little bit less lonely
then came freshman year when I was
pushing ahead in flips and becoming one
of the best at the time for trampoline
watching endless trampoline videos and
loving every second of it but my friends
Dylan acquaintance began to stop doing
flips and once again I was left to do it
alone thankfully I met my other good
friends Jake and Jake although these
guys lived in different towns they
became my so called flipping friends I
also met his ton of friends on Instagram
who also did flips so I finally found
friends that were into the same stuff as
me and that I could relate to and
although I had these friends kids at
school were still treating me like
garbage and being a freshman didn't help
freshman year ended and I had the best
summer I'd ever had filled with flips
friends and call of duty but at the end
of the summer my flipping began to go
downhill then came school again and the
beginning of sophomore year and during
the beginning of this school year I had
experienced my first anxiety attacks and
was super stressed out about everything
I worried all the time about fitting in
my grades and whatever else this led to
my chest hurting all the time which made
it even worse
my escaped all of this was flips but
that was now basically gone due to me
being too scared of hurting myself also
at this time my mom had sat down my
sister and I and told us that her
brother Tristan was gay this came as no
surprise to me because I watched him
play with Barbies growing up and he only
hung out with girls so I already knew it
although I didn't care that my brother
was gay everyone else around me seemed
to kids at school were telling me that I
should kill my brother my sleep because
he was gay
so I just ignored these kids I didn't
still do stand-up for my brother and
support him in whatever he does because
even though he annoys me sometimes I
still love him the same also my
relationship with my dad I'd began to
fade I used to go over to his house and
eat dinner almost every weeknight and
now it happens about once a week this
happened because of a fight I had with
my
a year ago and although I know my dad
still loves and cares about me I've
always been able to tell my mom what's
on my mind and all this made me want to
find a new xscape besides flips and this
was the go-to online school although my
amazing mom supported me and everything
I do and still does thanks mom love you
she wanted me to stay in public school
and tough it out so I did I think the
first time I ever stood up for myself
was my first semester of my sophomore
year when a kid was making fun of me for
doing flips when I said what do you do
nothing you sit on your ass all day and
back on what other people do and ever
since I said that he's never said
another thing to me and it just really
made me not care what people think
I started making more and more YouTube
videos as my new hobby to escape all the
stress and now I've completely fallen in
love with making videos and I'm getting
more and more supporters every day with
the numbers slowly rising to this day I
still have some losers come up to me and
say stuff like let's go do some flips on
our trampolines but it doesn't really
get to me because I know if they're
watching my videos they're just giving
me views
but the best thing about my life right
now is that I finally found something
that I love doing and that I could
possibly do for the rest of my life so
it's just a big motivator for me to keep
making videos for you guys and it just
means so much to me that so many people
actually like my videos I started out
not knowing if people would like the
content I was going to make but it's
grown faster than I'd ever imagined so
yeah that's basically my life up until
this point and because I'm only 15 years
old almost 16 I'll probably make an
updated one in the future if I had one
piece of advice for you guys it would be
to be who you are and don't care what
other people think because in the end
you're gonna make yourself happier
following your own path so yeah guys
that's it for this video thank you to
everybody who watched to the end and
just thank you guys for watching my
videos all you support means so much to
me and I can't wait for the use to come
on YouTube so that's it for this video
guys peace out
