what's up guys we are back in Kansas and
I just got done filming my draw my life
and it has to I don't know it's
rendering right now I still probably
have like three more hours of editing
been editing like most of last night um
this morning but I know it's not going
to be done by today so I figured you
know what make a different video so I've
been watching a lot of Tanner Fox
slightly and Jake Angela's his friend
and they do scooter so I figured I would
go outside to my trusty Razor scooter
and I'm gonna try to do some scooter
tricks also thank you guys so much for
11,000 subscribers already it's been
like five days since we hit 10k and it's
just so crazy
thank you update on the car I'm pretty
sure I'm gonna be getting a car around
June 18th this weekend I'm going to go
test-drive a car take you guys with me
on that and if it's good then I'll buy
it okay where's it at I haven't ridden a
scooter in so long so I'll here it is
bad boy look at the back of it hold up
it's just broke this is like one of
those spark scooters you know I don't
know if any of you ever had them funny
thing is I actually have a decent BMX
bike and I never write it it's fun to
ride I just I hate BMX because whenever
I fall on those or try to do like
anything cool and I fall I feel like
it's always because the BMX like I don't
know they're so hard to do tricks on
because they're so big and heavy goal by
the end of today you actually I don't
have any goals but it's gonna be dope
this scooter is complete trash but I'm
gonna try to like jump into the grass
I have not ridden the scooter in like
eight years okay I'm gonna try to jump
with it uh my knee just hit the bar and
that hurt dude
I need knee pads and experience I think
I might be doing already
hey the brake works dude every time I
jump it's like a certain way to jump on
these or something spiders all over it I
think we're going to go into the
backyard I want to find something to
grind on and try that it's not gonna
work but whatever also for everyone
wondering if I'm gonna fix this thing
I'm actually gonna give it away to my
friend Jake Burke yeah I just don't want
to spend any money fixing it and it'll
probably cost me to hire somebody I just
don't want anybody to like backflip on
this fall and like stab themselves at
the meet up so I'm just going to get rid
of it but what I'm trying to do for the
meetup like this is so unofficial but I
want to get a pool right there just like
an above-ground pool and then fill it
with foam and put mattresses at the
bottom so it'd be like kind of like a
foam pit it'd be pretty sweet um I don't
know if it'll ever happen or not but and
I have no idea where I'm gonna grind out
there's no metal bars could hop up on
the Tramp I guess I'll try right here
tanner Fox please collab with me teach
me how to do scooter I'll teach you how
to do trim Oh see that sick for those of
you who don't know who Tanner Fox's
here's a clip of him yo all I want to be
able to do is one of these things reach
jumping and hop on he can do standing
and do three like that's so crazy I want
to be able to do that my backpack is
still in that fire pit I'm gonna see if
I could do this
scooter is so much harder than you think
alright we're gonna go to my front yard
Wow God dude I just got a scooter to the
shin oh god there's no way I'm gonna
jump this he's too many bushes I don't
even have any run out room my turn to be
huh okay yeah scooter is officially
impossible not doing that I need to go
to like a legit skate park there's
actually one like 15 minutes away except
it sucks really bad we're going to
skateboard go I have a skateboard too oh
there it is
dewayne song the one song whatever the
hell game is got your skateboard dude
random people pulling into my yard whoo
it's been 30 minutes and this thing is
still rendering I need a new laptop so
bad it's just horrible this one's so
slow I need a MacBook Pro but I also
have to buy a car and two plane tickets
and do the meet up so I'm gonna be broke
but I've got an idea
I just realized we have a pool so I'm
gonna go bring that scooter to the pool
and I'm gonna try to do like a front
flip off the scooter and I'm gonna try
to do like a whip thing you know I don't
know any other stuffs called but it's
gonna be sick all right we got the
scooter and yes I'm wearing pants in
this summer all right I'm gonna go from
the pool I mean I started ah now that
that's over I got to move all these
cords out of the way I'm thinking I'm
gonna go from here and drive and like
flip right there we're actually not
supposed to get metal in our pool so
I'll just like do it fast and keep it
out of the water because we've drop
stuff in the bush metal before then I'm
gonna whip it and I'm gonna try to get
back on it probably not to get back on a
cart
ah I don't know if I can do a front-flip
need to get another haircut on the sides
so this will grow upwards because I'm
going to keep it up forgot to take the
scooter with me alright it goes
I can't have it tearing the liner I can
kiss my first car goodbye he'd probably
do it better without this just closed
but it's too many hate comments saying I
need to keep my clothes on 360 I thought
I was gonna hit the concrete I don't
even know what else to try
I got an idea aah bellows Valka I'm
gonna try that again it's just hard to
do it in clothes after this I'm going to
do a double front running off the side
in all these clothes for you guys
yeah even though I slowed down a lot
because it's so wet but I'm going to run
this right through a double front right
there
shoes shirt pants underwear socks and
all
and since I'm that stupid I'm going to
throw it double back time
screw the sheriff - I just want to make
it over
you
I did it by my nuts Oh buck up - oh my
god laughs later but oh my god
oh I guarantee the slap of that water is
like equivalent to an airplane hitting
your nuts I'm in too much pain to
continue any further thank you for
watching subscribe for more videos leave
like the enjoyed share with your friends
and I'm out thanks for 11 K and draw my
life next video goodbye
member
