ah my god happy birthday you rascal Oh
get up and go to work you're an adult
Oh kill yourself
we're all out of bowls
I got 25 minutes we're gonna go eat some
pandas panda dab ha ha
I got broads in a nun she's a good be
yellow fam dab squad this stuff is so
good like an opener gonna open my
fortune any troubles you may have will
pass very shortly
there is a lizard way to go hello lizard
you know what I can't eat this without
my fork
Blizzard can eat it I'm keeping my dr.
pepper though guys check out that Lambo
down there just kidding it's a little
car that looks like a Lambo in the front
it's writing a flotation device not
gonna let me please continue to cough
during my day we were walking out to the
helicopter not going to be able to talk
on this thing it's way too loud you guys
look like you're ready for a middle
school band concert yeah no really
you
my ears hurt yeah that was pretty cool
we had it cool just talk more I mean I
loved it it was cool pretty fun as your
birthday going oh it's so great we got
ice cream
you be quiet over there you hear me also
guys I said when I got 10,000
subscribers I would consider getting a
PA box I don't know how much they cost
I'm going to check into it I heard
they're expensive so I don't know yet
but if I do I expect like lots of dildos
to come my way that's raining that's a
first just kidding no it's not because
it rains every day here we are inside of
a cloud you can't even see 10 feet in
front of us now my finger is wet so if I
was on the hit TV show h2o I'd be a
mermaid here in about five seconds my
turn they roll down faster than normal
windows oh it's so wet and cold were
mermaids me the rukns fucking supposed
to pumpkin game that's all they sing but
I got your mom deep oh oh
livers coming at you with supersonic
speed ah someone looking
you make elevator music Oh guys we could
have met daniella monet yesterday
hold on I'll show you she's on the boat
that we were on yesterday we're getting
on a boat we're like six miles away from
where she is and we're gonna go track
her down and you know what's next we're
here and we're going on the hunt for
Daniela and if we don't find her then I
don't know my crime
Tristan's idea I don't get me sure dude
I got a pee so bad it's not even funny
jae-won there's sign of Daniella we're
gonna keep looking there's some
dangerous horses over there though is
that they're still filming or they're
cleaning up but I still want to jump off
that and the big cliff over them update
we've circled half the island still no
sign of her we're gonna keep stalking
those are the kids from the show up
there so maybe she's up there so awkward
don't walk on the rail so we think we
found her is there filming over there
but a train just got in the way so we're
just chillin we kind of got in the way
of their TV show but I'm gonna be on TV
mo you two I think they have to be nice
cuz they're on TV oh yeah we probably
will and will be the awkward kids
walking is Daniela here I want to meet
her for my YouTube video where he said
she's around here keep your eyes open
keep your eyes open this is some kind of
riddle isn't it I think we should go
this way like follow them cuz they're
obviously gonna lead us I don't know
like walking the way they're freaking
filming though I hate it when people do
that when I'm filming so we give them
screaming Danielle is probably up there
they're probably filming and my mommy's
coming I look like a paparazzi you guys
so we just saw the kids from Nicky Ricky
Dicky and Dawn I think it's called but
it's not Daniella
sohara leaving and that's an hour of my
life I'm never gonna get back all right
guys we're back at the hotel we leave to
go home tomorrow and I just realized how
good the trying to teach my friend a
back flip video did so if you guys want
to see more that I can definitely make
that like a monthly weekly whatever kind
of thing where I try to teach like my
other friends backflips cuz it did
pretty good and
let me know thank y'all for watching
subscribe for more videos leave a like
if you enjoyed share with friends and
I'm out purse I never do two-piece sons
oh let's do it again no it's over now
as
