ten away but I need to go take a shower
oh hey this is a cruel joke
Oh two more one away yeah
we hit 10,000 my original goal for this
year was 3000 so we hit the goal times 3
plus another thousand is that how math
read another new beat and it's freaking
hot out today for like the first time
ready for some Talent
okay so we went to the beach but then we
just came right back to the hotel we're
just going to go swimming and sit around
all day because yeah the beach was hot
and crowded and small and I'm gonna go
change my Instagram user named it's
Hannah Brown guard without the
underscore cuz I think it looks more
official perfect hello random cat under
a table nobody here has pets they just
let animals run wild love the feeling of
burning asphalt on my feet oh my god the
bottom of my feet are gone these are the
guys that work at the hotel how's it
yeah see yeah it's some cool guys but
the pool is still boring and I don't
even know where my mom went she's
supposed to go oh great oh my god oh god
what is stuck my foot oh ow
yank it out yank it no let me show it
what stuck my foot that thing pokey V
where are we going I see ye are we going
to the Hawaii and belly dance first luau
luau these shoes still look brand-new
smell is your is your blanket this wet
sure blame me for all your problems
update in the world my mom has become a
traffic guard
oh I want to jump off there so bad but
she won't let me because she is a
cyberbully I'm responsible parents we're
getting on a boat
I'm an official Hawaiian
and thus destined somebody yelled dad
can't my throat or vodka
girl I don't have we're going back to
the hotel
guys we leave Hawaii Tuesday and I need
to find out how to record American Dad
episodes like get them in my camera roll
so I have something to do on the plane
because it's like seven hours eight
hours of flying and it gets so boring
mom help me yeah guys that's it for
today's video
another pretty slow day we're just kind
of like relaxing now because it's coming
to the end of the trip pretty much and
we have nothing to do yeah we're gonna
go on a helicopter ride tomorrow do some
other stuff but thank y'all for watching
subscribe for more videos new life you
enjoy cheer with two friends and I'm out
we got the piece on you peace it's not
so heavy it is tape perfect ah hit the
other one yeah where to go good eye
