Oh what's up guys back at day five my
ankles killers super bad I'm like semi
limping trying not to put too much
pressure on it yeah I put it in the end
of my clothes jumping video yesterday I
did a backflip over a wave as it came in
and then after that I couldn't spot
where I was landing so I didn't know
where the ground was and then I just
landed on it wrong and it bent forward
so yeah that freaking sucks but at least
we're going like snuba diving today or
something till he said I want to walk on
it that much I'm just gonna have to like
swim with one foot but it's all good in
the hood because the cliff jumping video
turned out really good if you haven't
seen that go check it out it's pretty
sweet and yeah we're going back to the
same pizza place because it was really
good can I just go to this pizza place I
don't know the name but it's really good
the guy went to Pizza Big Island pizza
and that's the girl that doesn't eat
pizza at a pizza place sorry
cannon is that canon 70d 70
sport it will tell you I
bye-bye we're on the boat and we're
gonna jump off will they go doing
something else
yeah
yeah
struggles of a sprained ankle slash foot
I don't even know what a call I should
not eat my ankle it's like right here
that hurts really bad
Oh
okay so mom when do I get my vehicle
whenever we get back I didn't have that
discussion with your father no no I'm
just kind of thinking like it more of it
like the day we get back or something I
don't know hoping like June July I gotta
talk to him I don't know
I heard June we're going into Walmart
because we need an aux cord cuz this
whole entire trip we haven't been
listening to any of our own music and
this place just replays all the same
like four songs uh-huh got it just a
canon 70d in a shopping
you better get pretty pebbles boy where
are my fruity pebbles bro yeah Kirsten
what I'm naked under these clothes
guys we took 30 minutes - hi toaster
strudels Asian boxes of cereal and oxen
some like little trinket thingy sorry
what was our time you look Korean right
now why I don't know but do not be any
videos of me looking that was probably
the worst lighting ever we is finally
back all right guys before I wrap up
this vlog I thought I'd let you guys
know that I'm probably going to be doing
online school we're gonna be telling the
school yes probably within a couple of
days because I can just quit after a
semester if I don't like it and still to
the school and we have to see if they
have any positions left but I'll
probably be doing that and I'm not sure
about doing daily vlogs after Hawaii I
kind of just want to continue like with
the videos I was doing before like
random skits other stuff not just vlogs
cuz I don't know I feel like I'm not the
kind of guy that would just want to do
like one type of video so I don't know
if there will be daily videos or not but
they're still gonna be good ones and
yeah but I'm gonna continue to daily
vlog the other wrist of Hawaii and we're
about to 10,000 subscribers by the time
this video is up we might have it it'll
probably be really close but yeah thank
you guys so much for that honestly means
so much and that's pretty much it guys
thank you all for watching subscribe for
more videos leave like if you enjoyed
tears of friends and all the good stuff
and I'm out peace
