what's up guys we are back day three you
can't tell I did shave my somewhat
unibrow it's gone
so for all you people that notice that
you're welcome today we're going to go
ziplining and then we're gonna go cliff
jumping tomorrow
it's gonna be sweet yeah hopefully the
line doesn't snap and then we all die
that'd be a downer especially because I
just came here to cliff jump that's
about it I figured out why my mouse
isn't working cuz this thing it's like a
loose tooth
just like my microphone so yeah that's
trashed and I need to find a new one
we're gonna go to a new town this time
hopefully actually find a good swimsuit
and a mouse because last time we sway
stood our time sorry I don't have a
banana to throw at you today hey um
Taylor this rainbow on the license plate
goes against my religion Oh mom how long
is the ride there sounds like naptime we
are attempting to get the top off of
this Jeep you help
probably gonna have the top front half
off quit taking selfies you nasty guys
something I've noticed here is that
nobody has pets and everyone smokes
no wonder my ears are hurting this
thing's all sectioned up guys this is
why I will always choose Burger King
over McDonald's nevermind they gave me
water instead of sprite this is not the
face I have right now mom you do me one
concern and I will bamboozle you to heck
and back hmm I like him you're a little
short I get these but the waist is a
little bit too big so I think we're
going with these guys
I've got him the brightest clickbait
deist thumbnail shorts there are then a
nice $30 on a mouse I didn't want again
also I realized today that I'm gonna be
hitting 10k and Hawaii like really soon
and I haven't even started my drop my
life so I have the script written but I
don't have anything else done so I'll do
that whenever I get back okay wrap the
zipline place but I have to record on my
phone and go for the whole time because
they're not gonna let me bring this fuel
camera
Oh
Oh
also better be making a good Thunder
okay this one is where we practice going
upside down
you
you
we have one more
a upside-down
we have snow cones they're boring and
got mango but I'm gay so I got this
wait well guys I think today was a
success because I got my swim trunks got
my mouse I got a Burger King hat that's
in the back and we got to do ziplining
which is pretty cool and yeah going
upside down was scary but it is awesome
we're gonna head back and oh yeah they
have a rental car mom we're at akaka
falls spelled a spacey Ock finally made
it to Kok Falls how do you feel about
this I'm real now that's pretty much it
for today guys
thank you for watching subscribe for
more videos share with your friends and
all that good stuff and I'm out peace
I know Bubba says
