you're sitting back what is going on
guys today we were back and today I hope
you guys are all having a great day
today we're back with the PO box opening
you know why you're not in original
YouTube sure I'm trying to film things
that I actually enjoyed doing and Guitar
Hero was one of them opening fan mail
from you guys is one of them maybe we
make some kind of whenever I had a
million everybody go subscribe to quit
well me and Dylan I get started poster
also for people might be too many people
but we're gonna try it if it gets
annoying I won't do it again
Mitchell this is from you Mitchell duck
this is from Peyton this is going
towards my pay your taxes fine Tanner
only because freaking awesome is not an
official name ah thank you
what are you putting on me what is it no
way this is not even super black ops 3
and I got a great quarter hey listen up
heads or tails
I call it in the air whoever gets it
right they get all the snowballs someone
sent us three two one go outside
it's heads it's the same exact one wow
thank you thank you so much for that who
who said that I gotta know Peyton Kidman
thank you so so much for the gigantic
Bob Rock oh we got Bob Ross his head oh
no hole where's this body and his body
oh no it broke is it a bubble bed oh my
god it's a talking Bob Ross without a
head hold on
ASMR at its finest thanks a lot Danny
sweetie baby sweetie do you know candy
can hang it up oh wow oh wow thank you I
got a tan in this I need a tan in your
life hold on I'm gonna read this one
from Amanda your tater I hope you like
my attempt at doing hashtag clickbait I
apologize that I am NOT an artist i
watch your videos every day because
they're awesome and they also put a big
smile on my face I also suffer from
anxiety so watching your videos knowing
how you must feel some days really
helped me if you can do it then so can i
it's exactly right yes I made a video of
me painting this it would mean a lot if
you would check it out gizmo's galaxy
let's see it
oh my god we are rushing through these
packages this is what happens with four
people and plays behind the camera
there's five this it might be the best
Bob Ross we've ever gone no it's with a
well-known American icon introducing Bob
Ross GFF is very very rewarding the joy
of painting is now the joy of growing
get your Bob Ross chia pet now oh yeah
no no let me check this out and I feel
like it's just on the horses eyes dude
this is not Ross's we're gonna have to
check up into this thing though and make
sure he grows a full afro here's my Bob
Ross chia pet I think he turned out
pretty good check him out it comes with
seeds
I always thought these things would be
bigger hold up
yes I don't think that thing will
survive in the Attic ah smell that why
do we smell everything we do we're
already getting to the end of these this
is not good this is all the mail that I
picked up hey you guys want some
Hershey's yeah this one's wrapped like a
Christmas gift I want to know what's
inside now hurry up we got baggage doing
Sinde sad what do they say what does the
letter say there's - what's up Dylan
read a letter I don't think you can read
it no probably not
yeah I mean illiterate skitters job give
it a shot t-bag i watch your YouTube
news every day my name is Bailey Bain
I'm 12 years old and I live in New York
you are by far my favorite youtuber and
one of the most funniest my favorite bit
of yours has to be the night shenanigans
with Dylan and Clinton there's actually
Quinn and Dawn but i mix it up it's
every other day bro yes there's
literally a shirt on t bunger calling
them exactly how it would be to write
this yeah he literally wrote all the
words in different letters thank you so
much man he wanted us to bleep his name
so thanks quitting's up now with a
medium-sized box no compositions for
tenors gigantic box oh I hope you guys
can see him to you what's this one this
one he's got a gigantic paintbrush this
one he's got his little palette this one
here's a raccoon and a really nice
picture
I'll read the letter dear tanner my name
is Jacob Young I'm 15 years old
and I'm planning on being a youtuber
soon I hope you subscribe when I start
and keep being awesome PS I would love a
shout out for the awesome gift yes it
wasn't awesome gift Thank You Jacob Jong
keep these sake make sure the Bob Roth
bobble head gets set there too you know
sometimes I think like maybe I would
rather get a chia pet than a carb
I already have a lot of cars I'm not mad
I mean you can't grow a car
can grow cheap
yeah my bad it's pretty light so they
might be goofing on us no way I actually
didn't get a Valentine this year because
I don't have balance on it so shout-out
to you the man or woman that sent this
oh what a wonderful gift so much time
and effort put into this whoa that is a
really cool car oh my gosh you see what
it says it says prom on it with a
question mark
Jenni going with me bro no okay I am
actually supposed to be a senior in high
school this year I would have gone to
from last year but I wasn't in school
and I'd go to prom this year no I
wouldn't anyway you can't go because you
can't dance I've never been to a school
dance like that includes eighth grade
elementary school preschool and I kind
of want to keep that street if you
happen to live like an hour away
Wow I know no I feel horrible this was
the best gift ever like I didn't get a
Valentine the bunch of balloons
my boys are inhaling helium ah yes oh I
found the letter you guys ready for this
is your anyone here they can read that
reason Healy zero has a deep raspy voice
and I know you can read no do it you're
in school I'll take it do the helium
yeah you have to read it with helium
Wow hi pear mate is Tiffany from Florida
I don't really know what to say there's
letters who's probably going to be all
over the place I don't really expect you
to come all the way to Florida for some
girls from that you don't even know but
if you happen to go it would really mean
a lot to me I know high schools aren't
really your thing they aren't really
mine either
I hope you're doing okay currently there
are a lot of things going on in your
life prom is in April but I don't really
know when you're even going to have the
time to open this you have so many
amazing people supporting you and
sending you things by the time you get
to my package the balloons will probably
be deflated in that just know that I
intended for them to float out of the
box one day again anyway I'm sorry for
my terrible handwriting it's better than
mine and I'm sorry if this puts you in a
hard situation please don't feel
pressure to accept thank you thank you
for saying that well I guess we're done
so what happens when you have four
people open boxes thanks for all the
helpful oh you're almost died coming
here but it's okay well I had to say my
mom worked I leave my house oh yeah this
video would've been up yesterday but it
literally snowed then froze over you
can't even drive so we got all the
packages eventually after a very slow
trip there oh yeah I think yeah so watch
this video and if we leave I can share
the Crown's be enjoyed subscribe do you
know a guy's name is scream like a go on
Gaiman just stare blankly so they'll be
confused like here just lean back all
let's be identical like you swing back
with your arms right next to your sides
like this
you just maybe
