quinton you got a proof watch this video
no I do I gotta take a shower okay come
on here you go
make sure it's good and good you were
asleep for about two hours I've been up
since 7:00 a.m. stayed up till 4:00 last
night what is going on guys today we
were back in today I hope you guys are
all having a great day if you were
wondering how sleeping in the Attic went
it was freezing cold my voice is not
warmed up enough to do the rose voice
Lunas have on me the whole morning
editing because she's a good dog except
for the fact that she tore up another
thing my only white tank white hat yeah
I'm gonna get naked in wet I'll see you
in a little bit good night Tristan enjoy
my room oh yeah totally
you will you don't don't lie good bye
attic emotional moment in the Attic
improvement is not over by the way we
have a ton more stuff to add we're gonna
do it whenever we get back were in do a
24 hour challenge gonna be freaking sick
are you gonna add some stuff yes add
these and add bunk beds so we're at the
airport um left my wallet at home again
did the same thing on the RV trip but
this time my mom's here so I can still
fly home because she's my parent coz I'm
still a minor
and I think I'm gonna take a day-long
nap so I'll see you tomorrow okay my
naps over so yeah I skipped an entire
day of filming because one of my videos
had copyright issues then I had to
reload it but I didn't have Wi-Fi so I
just skipped a date but we're back now
and today well first let me show you the
hotel room they'll be quick I promise
okay here's the door go in here's the
bathroom
that's remain Canton took a bath is
remain courting took a shower that's
remaining Quinton
thanks bathroom towels a walk-in closet
where Quinn made some ass coffee this
morning hey and then here's our nasty
bedroom there's little lights on the bed
look you pull it out turn around and go
bloom and then you can have a shine off
with the person over there and I guess
we have a balcony but we have an attic
back home is anybody gonna say what
we're
do today huh yes today I am finally
driving my ultimate dream car maybe not
my ultimate one that's like a McLaren p1
or a coding psycho chair or a one-to-one
but there's a Lamborghini Aventador and
there's a big track and we have special
access because of you know did clothing
we got the hook-up by the way it's gonna
be in stores in December oh my god it's
December what the hell we're gonna head
out soon there's a lot of flippers here
we're here for flip con if you guys
didn't know that basically just all the
best flippers in the world excluding me
meet up and they all do flips and they
film and they just basically like my
meet up but on a bigger scale thanks for
stealing my idea I was the first one to
do it with them and we will be meeting
Zach at the track hopefully you guys
know who Zach is they better you want to
film this flip for flip con yeah
also you boy has slept very little so if
I'm that's why Jaguar f-type come on
I'll begin an Aventador in like 69
seconds Las Vegas has already reminded
me a lot of California but I like
California more it's weird but I do get
to see Paul the alien today
put me through it
your loaded gun bon jovi we are
currently in Hard Rock Cafe we're gonna
get some lunch then we're going straight
like deviled eggs it really does and
then we're going to ride the Lambo you
give a bad thing I was hype about the
rock and roll music and the TV and all
the stuff but but now it's just like I
don't even know what this is this ain't
rock and roll dude okay tip something
under here and take a bite dibs yep
dibs and question now likes rock music
right now what car you gonna choose I
just want one do a Burnout after my
video I want to make a big cloud like I
might hit 200 miles an hour today mom
I've only gone 163 because I've never
had a trash dream racing drag strip
apparently it's already open for us so
let's see what we're in for
holy cop cars can we drive one oh I see
an Aventador and a Ferrari and an Audi
r8 and a Corvette anamur sake we got a
Corvette Aston Martin Ferrari Porsche
they have way more cars here than they
said they do on the website more Lambos
there's a Huracan here's my car I don't
know why I'm fangirling
Zakhar these new new yeah oh my god oh I
would wear this if it wasn't so freakin
hot damn these are so sick
hi hi so it's Quinton and Zack and I
driving my sister and my mom didn't want
to but we are gonna skirt right now faze
rug I hope you're watching this because
I found your twin check it out this is
my car this is my new car my new
freaking car are you excited for me dumb
yes the butterfly doors guys I'm just
gonna soak all this up so it's inside
whoa supercharged co6
that's a p38 and Zack getting in his
Lamborghini
he's got the racing one goodbye quitting
that fun
push ahead start here so crazy yeah we
have cameras in here so I'll put that in
the video and we're about to take off
you got all these little switches
sometime I own this car and I'll figure
out with my brother so foot on the brake
here remember hands crossed the wheel
paddle I'll tell you when up and
down shift out there biggest thing
remember this car red lights so high 82
a quarter revs leather scream alright
you're gonna be holding yeah guys my
first time moving in an Aventador
and it's so weird shift second more gas
more gas 30 40 % keep the momentum
keep it tight right side gasps gasps now
1,100 brake hard no brakes no gas these
are not very good no gasps no gasps no
furry little bit again as hundred
percent full throttle hundred percent no
burning gas gas gas and burn across the
car here ten little gas horn haha
what you think man I was fun so fast I'm
sweating a little bit
it was kind of intense but I did it for
some reason I feel like driving an
Aventador that's not here would be
completely different I didn't feel that
fast
maybe maybe I've been dreaming it up
listen to this car holy crap
going down our cul-de-sac
imagine our neighbor okay we're about to
head out we're gonna go visit Jack and
Bailey and at all thanks for hooking
this up of course thank you for being so
sexy you sexy cool thank you dream
racing I think my Audi r8 is faster than
the Aventador but you're still fine bro
it's already son said no that took a
while so I just changed into one of the
new Dib sweatshirts oh they're sexy
they're gonna be in storage dude we're
gonna go watch a magic show of Criss
Angel doing some magic and I'll pick up
the vlog after that Jane is back in the
house it's shark don't get confused all
right and we got a Roger not Roger we
kind of looks like Roger but of American
Dad yeah Paul she's actually back at the
hotel room with her gold chain on it
same hotel as me right yeah we have one
alien and then we have one sister which
got hit by a car
oh yeah this is how he talks just get
used to it we got a saw we got Bailey we
got dumb every time we hug it's
Michael guys this is finally the best
tricker in the world it's not he's from
Wichita Kansas see a little something
for the vlog just a little something
okay all right standing gainer Switzer
the aquatic animal can offend Dom take
over really quick ten is about to do a
car whoa I'm gonna try a trick or treat
I want to say though you are learning
from the absolute best ever in the world
Michael got three the best tricker ever
of all time I broke my ankle just
kidding and my left ankle is weak is
Fric from doing tricks I'm now pretty
fun Jim my foot hurts
we're head now I don't know how Paul got
outside the RV but Quentin and Jack and
I I mean shark and I are walking to the
RV row Quentin's never seen it we're
just gonna chill in there for a little
bit and then we're gonna head out we're
gonna go to bed so I can get a jump on
tomorrow I know this vlog was kind of
weird but I'm still getting used to the
you know the travel life what I said I
would try to upload every single day to
semper sulla I'm gonna try to do please
don't scream at me if I miss a day I'm
just a vlogger oh my god I miss it so
much
it's already expanded you this list I'm
Paul listen we've heard some things
about you that you haven't been telling
everybody yeah what's been up man have
you been talking with the government we
know you've been up in the skies flying
around in UFOs nice so here's the thing
I hate editing in his voice because it
takes forever and like I'm traveling so
what's just like everybody comment Paul
and you'll get one of these for
Christmas Quentin you gotta sign the
submarine sign-in sheet even though it's
a mothership oh wait what what that's W
I'd sleep in here but this is not a
roadtrip sadly not yet goodbye RV good
night sleep tight you look like a school
bus in the front good night jack Hey
good night DOM good night Taylor good
night mom
are you already asleep mom basically but
yeah guys we are gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoy didn't thank you so much for
watching don't believe like church
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one
oh man dang me in the hand last
thing I forgot to say real quick there's
something special going on on the
website if you order anything man sale
literally you can order anything a pop
socket doesn't matter you will be
entered in to win face time with me
there will be three winners I will
FaceTime them I will put them in the
vlog so go order stuffs lasting through
this weekend can't wait to talk to you
guys and that's it
it ain't fault
you just maybe
