all right guys it is day two and I just
have to try out this spot here wow it's
almost like I hear my voice 30 minutes
every day plus all the hours I had it I
don't want to hit this alright we're
gonna go to the pool I'm gonna go see if
there's any spots to do like any flips
or anything because nothing opens to
like 10:30 and we need to go shopping
because I need a new swimsuit because
I'm sick of wearing that old orange one
worn it in like way too many videos so
yeah I'm gonna go get a new one of those
and I have to get a new computer mouse
and if you have the thing so okay well
why they go the actual way I'm just
gonna cheat oh it's pretty sweet
all the rocks here like super pokey yeah
so don't see any flipping spot but it's
pretty cool well that's that alright so
we're about to leave to go shopping but
the fridge is interrupting me we're
about to leave to go shopping but I
think I'm gonna use the fish out a day
see ya perfect let's get shopping nice
you're such a gentleman let's feed the
birds
yeah hold these that was rude this is
how oh geez wear their hats hi I was
getting today's rental car oh I don't
think I showed the inside of this and
now I don't want to sand all over the
floor from yesterday but uh it's pretty
cute in here but it's not excuse the
muscling I'm gonna get right mom
I will another day another nickel ah
Sponge Bob for life where are we going
mom we're going to akaka falls or maybe
you think
Kaka falls into my mouth or Tristan
Declan
Taylor watch just like in the movies
there's some dolphins over there and
we're gonna eat I love it
you're gonna underwater fall they're
filming some show look they have like
gymnast rings up there I really want to
go swing off into like a triple back but
uh they're rude and they won't let me do
that
hello so we just left that place but my
brother added daniella monet aka Trina
Vega off of Victorious and she was
snapchatting down here sorry shake it so
much cuz I'm recording with one hand on
iphone but yeah she was down here
recording and we were gonna meet her but
you know she's a nickelodeon famous so
we're just gonna be alright so I took a
nap and I bet my face is red but we're
gonna go down to a black sand beach yeah
my ears hurt cuz we drove a lot how long
were we driving how long as I sleep you
were asleep about thirty minutes we're
about an hour from the resort right now
on the plane I took like freakin eight
thirty minute little naps and I can
never get an actual nap in hey Taylor
want to get a cliff jump like that
they were kidding I'm gonna get to Jay
oh and break my ankle cool hey you want
to unlock this and fix the rope or see
it at your own risk
that's great the Jeep is keeping us like
I'm not even pushing the brake and it's
making sure we're crawling okay
apparently there's a Jeep mangled in the
trees down here and this is the steepest
road in the United States I want to
write down this on a bike we are
literally like facing straight down yeah
imagine walking this it's so bad mom mom
wait this is not the time
I'm literally recording for YouTube and
you're worried about taking a picture
for your phone or you could screenshot
on an iPhone there's no people YouTube
videos Hey look how these guys are dying
I bet you anything written down I know
they're still alive and walking that's
the beach we're going to flew down there
it's gone over to see come on the
fisheye I don't know if you could tell
that you can see a cloud up there we're
kind of like in the cloud we've got a
joker in a van it's their paint job that
they're losing old man he don't care
about his van he has enough children in
there he doesn't care he's just trying
to get home with there's a car up there
all right let's go check out a car looks
like it was from like Pearl Harbor or
something that that was a fun fall for
whoever was in that all right let's go
got grabbed I couldn't go through the
puddle first aa bunch of guys yeah they
don't care they're the same thing as all
their beans they're going around it
they're going fast too so oh my gosh
yeah that looks like a really bad idea
oh my God look how far down yeah let's
not but it's not check this out
these rocks have been stacked and his
wind is super freaking strong as you
probably hear but nothing's happened to
him cool check out the sand it just
looks like dirt he'd be colder than
yesterday's
I want to put in the other lens and get
some pictures it is still raining
I try to be majestic but I landed one
flip hello crab thank you I don't want
my mic plugged in so it sounds horrible
but we're leaving all right so my mom
and I just went through every single
story again and still cannot find any
swimsuit that I like because they're all
like super ugly or they don't fit me and
they're all priced at like $70 so I
don't want to get one that I don't like
yeah but now we're going to go to the
hot tub and I'm freaking tired I just
dropped the car keys in the water trying
to get my charger out of my pocket at
least it wasn't my charger it's locked
and closed so I'm gonna get my GoPro so
they can see me climbing over
so while or without water
yup guys it's time to prepare for cliff
jumping Friday
I better get kicked out for this we're
gonna happy and I'm like five seven five
a so we're good
you want to double necks I'm kidding all
right we're gonna head back to the hotel
is pretty much a wrap for today guys
kind of a slow day because we did a lot
of shopping and the second day we're
always like super tired and stuff so
yeah that's pretty much it for today
thank you all for watching subscribe for
more videos share with your friends and
all that good stuff and I'm out peace
sad
