what's up guys I just got done editing
today's video you guys going to be
seeing this one tomorrow and if you
haven't seen that video go check it out
because I did put a lot of work into it
and I think it's one of my better videos
so go watch it even though I don't know
about anything I don't thinks good but
yeah go watch it hopefully we have 400
likes on that it'd be sweet already at
45 in like five minutes so I think we
can do it and today my friend Skylar is
going to be coming over he's a
skateboarder at her school so it's
pretty cool that he does some different
to besides like you know the normal
sports so yeah I'm going to be trying to
teach him up backflips today um I don't
know if you can do it on trampoline yet
or whatever but yeah okay so like round
eight of reglue in this I'm just trying
to make this thing hold over until I get
my new mic which will be before Hawaii
but this is going to have to do until
then also we have to go to Tristan's
birthday party for a little bit it'll
just sit there and slowly fall but it'll
work for today now how does that sound
probably still horrible also I have a
ton of people asking me Tanner are you
gonna fix your trampoline and the answer
is if I get a fix for free because I got
it for $150 and I couldn't care less
about flip so uh yeah baseball I hear a
cop okay they're coming for it look
there's somebody fishing out there by
where I jumped off maybe he's gonna do a
double backflip no but he's looking at
he's checking it out he's thinking about
it yeah fishing it's gonna be a new
thing on my channel I'm gonna go by
people doing something I'm just gonna
say yeah and yell whatever they're doing
and then it's gonna be awkward yeah yeah
get out of your drug addict look here's
a cop there's a cup on a bicycle
let's go - when I got your excited and
buckle it out hey what's up man
alright I'm gonna teach data double
backflips and a real cop
good more cops they are definitely on
the look for me see baby not gonna find
me cuz I'm in a truck I'm not on the dam
anymore I don't know yeah baseball 4
times the probably take a hearing is
this the same people over it oh I know
what up for something off like illness
hey today we're gonna be teaching Skyler
had to go back for you doing on the
trampoline yeah no all right he's gonna
learn from scratch yeah I'm not even
like I try to pack before I came over I
was like how do I do this alright so uh
I'm gonna teach you all I learned I just
started going over my shoulder like this
go like try to put your hand down and go
like this do that and then keep going
more and more over you just do this keep
putting your hands down once you do it
try to do it without hands you're like
I'm have you do that first one again all
right it's almost like a cartwheel but
then you just put your hands down
alright Internet embarrassment right
here so like yeah yeah try to watch over
the holes up there bounce with it or not
you can do it standing or basking I just
do it standing up
oh yeah I think I can do it it's just
like I don't want to land on my head
since we have so many guys like if I can
land on my head on this spot
throw your arms try to make yourself
look if you put a lot of energy into it
then you're going to be you're going to
be forced to put yeah see those good
I'm just got to keep doing that until
you're more and more straight I'm
probably gonna go home and like try it
yeah that was a back foot it's like a
back handspring but it's still back to
keep doing that and then once you're
comfortable with going backwards then
you can take away the hands and try to
spot the landing try to leave both feet
at the same time just like a fuckin day
yeah sure do a front-flip for the people
I'm bad guys
I'm order how you do it mm good tired of
all my other one yeah yeah if I get it
backflip on the double yeah he's getting
it fast I'm gonna push these back
another thing three arms are like
cutting it off like I always used to
throw them up a little bit like this
bring us up everything for you try to
grab your legs in it even if it's not
that tight you can grab your legs in the
back foot
yeah there you go now you're about to
land it might as well just go ahead I
thought I was I'm gonna get in there
yeah double front right now
oh here you got it done sweet I can't
believe it that is awesome they got a
double front to run it so fast I like
getting dizzy like flipping so much on
the ground you can actually step back
throw your arms up as hard as you can
it's all about how much energy you see
all the proving cheerleaders in this
girl like
and - you get some foot landed because
there's a small feel so hard but step
back in all you got to do
oh my gosh shit double next everyone
think we're ready I'll grab the pads and
my other camera and we're gonna head it
out since I got in the air I was like
I'm gonna hit hard I want to come in
like forest keep practicing practices
these things
imagine that you're jumping over like a
big block do you have to make it over
that you just got to keep the height I
wish we could go to the high school and
use that mask you know cause what you
doing on there that helps you so much
more you want it yeah I'm gonna drive
down there yeah it's good we're gonna
drive to the high school it's way easier
to learn there all right we're gonna get
up on here and throw some stuff
you
oh my god I am not feeling that it just
takes practice
I think I might still try double back
we'll see if we can move it we just drag
this thing from all the way down they're
really tired but it's double back time
yes yes
so yeah I did double back up there and
landed it yeah that's pretty much it
guys he got a back flip on my Tramp so
that's all that matters and he could do
one on the ground within like a month so
thank y'all for watching subscribe for
more videos check out his channel and
I'm out peace Oh guys no more double
backs after today the guy that just came
and told us to leave literally drove
here to tell us that because one of the
soccer players told on us like ask you
guys just remember don't do anything
different than anybody else exactly like
everybody else and go play some soccer
all right
what a sad song
