oh my god guess what it's here black ops
one is finally on Xbox one and I'm gonna
crap my pants and I'm gonna play it I
leave for Hawaii and a week from today
so I have to make eight videos because
we're gonna be there seven nights eight
days try to make eight videos in a week
and post daily within that week yeah
hopefully I can do that some youtubers
do that and it's just crazy and
whoever's inviting me I'm sorry I'm not
joining guys if you didn't know black
ops 1 is my favorite game of all time
and we're gonna search for it see if we
can find it
hello me ok black ops are gone black ops
call of duty black ops it's finally on
Xbox one boys and girls oh my lord if
I've to pay for it I'll be pissed
because I have 4 copies of it for Xbox
360 ok I checked online and it says we
have to put in our Xbox 360 disc should
be in here ok there's one
there we go no use for this one anymore
uh-huh you put this thing on here and
yes throw that away later also up with
the money I saved not buying my vlog
camera I'm getting a wide lens ten to
twenty two millimeter so they're gonna
look like Casey nice test vlogs okay
guys it's almost done
98% done we're almost there oh my gosh
okay I have a shirt on now so let's do
this what is up guys we are on new town
on black ops 1 on Xbox one it is
everything I imagined times 10 it is so
great the people in the lobbies actually
talk it yeah oh I had new town will get
new town again oh yeah people actually
talk so you look at all the noobs that's
awesome
so they're people that are sucking and
I'm still 15th prestige down here and
would you look at that emblem that's
pretty sexy yeah let's take a look at my
player card cuz it's pretty sad I have
33 days playing on this account actually
played a lot of my other account too and
if we go over to weapons I have 52
thousand kills 77 thousand deaths yeah
that's not good
favorite weapon l96 a1 as always it is
the freakin best and look at how many
tomahawks I've thrown 50 1715 tomahawks
ten thousand of 193 frags tossed and
just oh my gosh
so much stuff yeah I played this game a
lot literally came home from school six
and seventh grade and played this game
until I went to sleep as you know I had
no homework back then I used to take
this game to school in my backpack and
I've been through four copies of this
Call of Duty because I've been two of
them and my backpack in them one of them
I picked up my xbox when I had it inside
and scratched the disc a ton so I had to
give this one actually we're gonna go
with a 1 6 a 1 look I'll snipe the
mannequins head off boom I get it yeah I
did this game is just so amazing look at
how bright everything is it's so freakin
awesome there's no other Call of Duty
that is this bright and colorful I
haven't played this game in forever
because if you go on the Xbox 360
version and you play there's just a
bunch of hackers that are invisible and
it's just sad yeah I haven't played this
in forever but I'm definitely gonna
start playing it again this is
definitely going to be something I play
like all summer long and since I have to
make a videos probably do one of them
playing this game
but yeah we just got them watching this
in world history class we got done
watching movies on World War 2 and
learning all about it so it's actually
pretty cool to like learn about Russia
and Germany and all that stuff and then
go and play it on here so you actually
get a like understand a lot of stuff I
uploaded a video a while ago called best
of tannerite
epic which was my old gamertag and it
basically just had a bunch of good old
Call of Duty clips in it and so yeah if
you guys want to go watch that you can I
mean it's just clips hate it when I see
two people I don't know who to shoot at
so I just shooted none of them and I I
don't know why everybody hated sniping
in the beginning in this I don't even
like the sniping in black ops 3 whenever
you zoom in on black ops 3 it doesn't
slow you down you maintain the same
sensitivity whenever you're in black ops
3 sniping like whenever you zoom in see
how fast things spin then when i zoom in
it slows down a lot that's how it should
be and it's a lot easier to snipe and
drag scope like that but in black ops 3
you shoot in you're still spinning the
same speed and it's just really annoying
yeah I'm probably not gonna be playing
black ops 3 that much anymore but I
spent like $40 on Supply Drop openings
that I got nothing out of and deleted
the YouTube video now this game just
came out today and I'm pretty sure that
by the time I'm uploading this there's
already gonna be hundreds of freaking
videos of this game out peak to the
freakin door I dare you oh oh we're
gonna finish it off with dolphin dive
shot yeah thank you all for watching
subscribe for more videos share with
your friends and all that good stuff
summer is almost here literally these
have one more day of school two more
finals and I'm done we're gonna be in
Hawaii and a week from today video every
day I can't wait so yeah thank you all
for watching subscribe for more videos
all the good stuff and I'm out peace
I've never hit a freakin double
collateral on this game literally my
second game on I just hit one I'm gonna
put it in the end of the video but oh my
god I freaking just hit a double
collateral even though I've hit a triple
I just shat my pants please make him to
lien him by playing minute you can't
employment I just shat my pants
