let's play let's see how trash Apple is
part two plugged it in its going to load
up and we do look at that a solid 52
percent and I have the best background
in the world there's always just a can
of bleach in the back of all my videos
so I got some superglue and we're gonna
try to fix this hot shoe because this
isn't normal
yeah should probably go get the screws
actually I don't even need the screws
anymore I don't think oh yeah I got to
glue this down in here so I can put a
new mic on top of this because it broke
last time I fell I don't know how to use
this stuff gotta hold it for 30 seconds
and it's like a little bit off but who
cares if it's strong enough to hold it
and hold my mic up I'm happy and I don't
want to buy a new camera
she's freeloading over there that's my
mama not enjoying it whatsoever
and not be tired by waiting or if you
lied about don't deal in lies or being
hated don't give the spirit of humanity
is always growing always inventing new
things thanks Andy as a whole that has
limits either individual
to the speed well that was a boring hour
and a half and now on to more receptions
and then studying for finals there you
go a selfie in there since I don't have
any flips in my vlog I'm gonna try a
front flip in jeans and a shirt yeah
bleep face rug donezo oh yeah so during
the ceremony there was like a boom and I
thought it was a balloon popping and so
did a lot of other people there was
actually a guy with conceal and carry
whose gun went off and shot himself in
the leg and the shrapnel of it has some
other girl I think or something like
that we don't know everything yet but
yeah that's Kansas for you freaking
bunch of cowboys watching The Wizard of
Oz shooting each other guy dang it about
hit that castaway brick that I'm at and
all the time
hi today's down you shouldn't a man is
jacket with this dress here let's let's
redo that can't go hole shot well it's
been fun well we're leaving and I've
been here like four hours too long
Jenna there's something in there yeah
that's basically it for this video guys
sorry it's a shorter video but I didn't
feel much because you know we're out in
public and I don't know if it wants to
be filmed or not so yeah I didn't do
much filming but Wednesday's the last
day of school and I'll make a video then
I'm not gonna make one tomorrow because
I have finals and I'm supposed to be
studying right now but I'm editing the
video so uh so yeah leave like if you
guys enjoyed subscribe for more videos
share with your friends all that good
stuff and I'm out peace
