alright guys you can go ahead and say
something oh yeah those guys were cool
and today we were gonna be going on a
one drive account that my mom had me
upload a bunch of like our old photos
videos old family stuff and we're just
gonna go look through it and kind of
like I'm just gonna react to it yeah
well let's get right into it there's me
when I was 8 years old
uh that was my eighth birthday yeah I
was in a baseball got about the same
arms today I always get in the trash can
I had my monster shirt on my monster
energy shirt I love that shirt and I
walked upstairs really slow back then
that's a funeral this is not good into
my shoes that's the kind of kid I was
guys that's my brother and a mask
throwing stuff at me
yeah did you guys see the bite marks in
that sword look at that that's my
brother for you alright next there's me
with my shoes it's my sister in the
corner we bullied my brother way back
then
Oh is he strangling her he has his hand
on her throat see what a breeze can do I
don't even know what to say about that I
just gave my sister a shower and for
breathe breathe breathe
Abbi oh this was at a zoo trip when this
kid got mauled by a leopard we were the
Lincoln leopards is my elementary school
so it's an ironic I hope you're doing
okay out there man hear that the bird
that weighs more than Tanner I was
getting cyber bullied even back then
killing myself where's it at
oh this was a street show oh look at me
my new name is white chocolate
I remember him calling me that that is
so weird that I remember that this was
so long ago I was back when I was a
country boy I was back in my baseball
days when I was smiling and my friends
were you know picking their nose and
chewing on their fingers I was back when
I was a hunter look at the antlers on
that thing oh boy look at my old set up
watching some spongebob playing some ps3
back in my back you on Days I still have
so many of those during my closet you
want to see him I don't want to get them
all out but look there's one I don't
know what it is or anything I also went
through a motocross phase and what is on
my chin I don't know why I ever did
YouTube when I could have been in the
NBA but whatever
it's whatever I guess we have another
one this was at my aunt Christie's and
uncle Josh's yeah I do remember making
these yeah I remember shooting those
taking like 30 attempts and I remember
repeatedly watching them on little
camcorder ahead I'll show you what I
recorded these on it was on one of these
two because I had two of them and yeah I
don't know which one I use but they're
both the same thing
that was my cousin Logan it wasn't the
most coordinated back then I mean kind
of flinched when the ball came back at
him
at least you made it let you see how
this was yeah okay yeah that's actually
the only one I made first time I believe
guys don't judge me now for how I acted
back then because I went through my
changes look at them ABS dude huh
I was freaking sexy ten-year-old oh my
god those are the real ABS look at my
face dude I remember going to the
drive-in all the time whenever we were
younger I miss it look at the face oh my
god and then my brother he's sitting
back there being a potato and guys when
I say I was a short kid I was a short
kid because that is my cousin Michael
our birthdays 12 days apart he's like 12
days older than me and yeah he's like a
foot Nath taller than me in that so I
was just freaking tiny and I'm pretty
sure my arms in the cake Oh yep here's
where I cut my leg I actually remember
doing that thumbs up I was in a lot of
pain though I was actually just so tired
but there are some more unseen pictures
my leg was just bruising all over you
can see all that I'll carry that's just
so gross now what is that yellow stuff
okay yeah this one I was in the hospital
gonna get surgery yeah I gotta go to
sleep soon yeah just kidding it's good
huh I hadn't eaten for like a day before
this so I was just so freaking tired I
had no energy you were tired to begin
with pretty cool out there
that's a kind of fun in it I was smoking
weed everyday back then guys my mom must
been real high too because she knew it
was kind of fun it's a kind of fun and
it see any space other spaceships
are you floating she was like am i
hiding from going higher I think that's
cool feeling
I was on cloud 10 guys the roof is
rising up cool is it really
oh they're moving they're moving the
road I can just relax nothing's gonna
happen to go okay what a supportive
mother telling me the roofs not gonna
fall in on me I was just trying to fight
going to sleep like I was so tired that
I did not want to get surgery that day I
was just trying to stay awake close your
eyes baby yeah
how you feeling and a sleepy kind of
sleepy yeah the nurse shut the lights
are on the whole ceiling just has time
itself ceilings work lights let's get
the nurse shut them off so you could
read that Oh
here my dad over there laughing part in
my hair was just so bad
where's the top it's got nuts up there
so it's clear so you see through the top
I remember asking where the curtains
were you can't you can't see it but
there's a part of the curtain that's
almost clear but still holding it up you
just can't see that the clear part of
the curtain kind like the shower curtain
at home that's plastic clear plastic I
love this medicine it is pretty cool but
you didn't like surgery did you like the
medicine I was into all that dank weed
back then at this point I'd been sitting
in that bed feeling like this for like
30 minutes is horrible just a little bit
longer finish look at how I look
my dad's over there lad you've seen the
curtains push it out that's what they
want you to do this one to push the gas
out honey that's all it is is air crab
do you want to see the pictures of your
belly no I promise you there's nothing
there's nothing in there I've been on
medicine that made me think like every
hour for a whole day straight it was
horrible honey you're hooked too
oh you're not gonna be your hair
I remember feeling that it was horrible
I'm not gonna pee my pants I want to go
to sleep at your house
rough childhood guys oh here's me doing
a backflip
I had to do that with my legs before I
could do it you can do it very I'm
almost out of battery haha see Kate
again good job see there and try it
without the mattress what try it without
the mattress as you again it literally
took me a whole nother year after doing
it on that mattress to do it on the
ground okay here it goes
no tricks
this levitation
oh yeah this was back in my cute boy
phase that car looks exactly like an
entity XF off of grand theft auto five
holy crap that's when I just learned a
back dive its reasons like that that
people think Kansas people just sit
around their TV and watch The Wizard of
Oz all day it's pretty true I mean hey
Tanner Tanner what what are you doing
watching The Wizard of Oz I think this
was my first backflip into a pool ever I
was doing back dies and I just told
myself to throw it a little bit harder
and I did it I was really happy so let's
see it okay that was a good one yes I
was so happy all right thank you all for
watching this video took me about eight
hours two days so if you could leave a
like share with your friends all that
good stuff be greatly appreciated and
yeah that's pretty much it guys thank
y'all for watching subscribe for more
videos and I'm out peace that I'm at and
all the time
