what it's 9:30 on the school and I and
we are going to get the whiteboard for
my draw my life because we're gonna be
hitting 10k within like a month I guess
probably no probably before then but
it's just crazy guys and I can't wait
seriously oh it's dark no man look at
the quality of this camera this is 720p
because I'm filming on my phone because
I brought back the vlogging camera
because I just didn't oh thank you so
much yeah it's my brother's last day of
school tomorrow and I wish I was in his
shoes and yeah we're gonna get a Walmart
now it's great having a car that doesn't
work alright since my brother's car
doesn't work we're gonna take my mom's
truck you know how hard is it to find a
white board oh boy okay this is why
iPhones are trash let's see one percent
right now let's plug in my charger well
what does that say 44 percent someone
please explain this to me a freaking
joke of a phone but whatever I just got
home from school
we have Friday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
left mented and my brain is fried from
studying for finals and all that so I'm
just gonna go to sleep we need to get
into my sleeping attire it's gonna be
hard to sleep with the friggin light on
but whatever your night she's probably
set an alarm for an hour nah
so all that nap did was making me more
tired she's almost left like an hour
besides my eyes looking super tired my
eye looks a little better than what it
used to I think I have to go to my
sister's Band concert in a little bit
that'll be freaking fun it's one of
these like big ones that they have once
a year the lasts like five hours it's
ridiculous
so yesterday my mom came into my room
and she told me that if I was going to
do online school that I have to choose
that then like a week or two because the
kids that do it already joining in so
it's filling up so if I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna have to decide soon and even
though I can still hang out with my
friends on the weekend I feel like I'll
feel pretty lonely during the day I
guess weekend's probably won't change it
probably still hang out with the same
people and I wouldn't be able to get
answers from my friends which you know
that's I but that would actually
probably make me smarter because you
know I'd actually have to learn this
stuff I also want to prove the teachers
at my school wrong because they're all
pretty stupid and they all think that to
be successful in life you have to follow
the rules and do all that but they can't
really give advice on success if there
are only teachers I mean unless that's
what they wanted to be and they're
successful at that but I mean look at
faze rain for example he is 19 he he's
like 3.3 million subscribers and he owns
an Audi r8 and pays for his parents to
live he pays for his mom and his stepdad
they're both are tired because of him so
yeah and I waste a lot of my time and
school activities that I'm not gonna use
like gym class if I did it do online
school I'd probably have a part-time job
too and with that money I'd be traveling
the world meeting my other friends you
know making good videos like that and
having fun while doing it and this
summer I'm gonna be old enough to drive
and I'm gonna be able to just not have
any responsibilities or anything because
my birthday is July 24 and then we start
school like two or three weeks later so
it would be pointless to get a job for
the school year unless I was doing
online school so this summer I'm not
gonna have a job I'm gonna have my
camera I'm gonna have my car and free
time and no responsibilities it's gonna
be great p.m. I'm really torn between
doing online school and regular school
because yesterday was the last day for
the seniors at my school and my brother
is a senior and you know they played the
slideshow of everybody growing up and it
was like all that and see how much fun
they're having and stuff so that kind of
makes me want to stay in my
some graduate with them but I can't
think of a single youtuber that is in
public school that is really successful
no if I want my dream of becoming a
youtuber to come true I don't know if I
can do it with going to a school and
being busy all the time because you have
to be there for eight hours a day
because you have to keep to a schedule
and I keep getting letters from my
school saying how I'm truant and I'm
missing too much school cuz I just
frickin leave all the time because I
hate it but we waste so much time in our
school like at the end of every day we
spend 45 minutes to work on our stuff
like if we don't have anything to do
like me 90% of the time I could be at
home doing something else not sitting at
school waiting for school to get out you
know I don't really know but yeah I have
to decide within like a week or two no
idea what I'm gonna do because I don't
really want to tell the online school
place yes and then like the last minute
be like hey you know I actually want to
stay in public school I don't know I
don't really have time to figure it out
because who knows what my YouTube will
do over the summer maybe it'll do really
well and continue to grow like it is
maybe it'll just frickin stop which I
doubt but you know also guys one more
thing we have one month 12 days 14 hours
11 minutes and 20 seconds until Midwest
meet-up 2016 it's been horrible waiting
for it because I love these guys so much
I can't wait to see Danielle and Dylan
Laura again and everybody else this time
so we're gonna have way more people
things gonna be amazing and hopefully
that video does really good we have kids
coming from all over the place so it's
gonna be really sweet and yeah I'm just
super pumped for it literally I've
waited a year for this and it's gonna be
so amazing and although I don't think
I'll be doing very many flips there I
mean I'll do some of course but since
I'm not in my prime anymore and I'll
talk about that stuff in my draw my life
but I'm probably gonna be filming a lot
there and hanging out with everybody and
enjoying the time but I also think I'm
gonna be doing a vlog and then just like
a flipping at it after like oh wait
until the whole week is over so there
probably is gonna be a week of summer
that I don't make any videos and that'll
be the week of the Meetup or maybe I'll
make videos in advance and post them
once a day I'm not sure yet I'll
probably do that but after the whole
week's over I'll edit all the flips and
make it like a big flipping at it and
I'll make that like the actual Midwest
Meetup 2016 video and then after that
for a week I'll post vlogs from it yeah
they'll just continue with normal vlogs
after that and it'll be sweet so yeah
it's pretty much all I had to say so
yeah thank you guys for watching
subscribe for more videos do you like
the enjoy share with your friends and
thank you guys so much for like 7200
subscribers are
I'm getting my big break I swear thank
you guys so much and peace out that I'm
at and all the time
