what is going on guys today we're back
and today I hope guys are all having a
great day they're both in the shop blah
blah blah yeah my car is in the shop
yesterday I might have clicked baited a
little bit but I'm actually never
getting my car back until I get back
from Vegas weddings coming with us to
Las Vegas tomorrow his cars in the shop
- we can't race today that was the
original plan it's go shoot flames is it
really but we have a back up video idea
I might have made this type of video
like five times but today I'm actually
getting a new room will I stay in at
24/7 probably not but it will be the new
hangout for me and my boyfriend and
that's it you see that right there
that's the external garage and you guys
already know the Attic up there well we
found out the Attic has a light switch
it already has electricity it's already
just perfect it's kind of ugly right now
but we're gonna go to Walmart we're
gonna get duct tape probably a TV Dillon
Mitchell oh we already have him are you
eating raisins out of a big bag you sick
bastard we're gonna put my broken metal
picture from Hawaii in there it's gonna
look sick put my mom's grand piano she
never plays it I'm really good I'm
really good my actual Hawaii pictures
getting hung up soon because I'm gonna
have that done at the same time as your
new feature that you ordered I don't
know I haven't I'm getting something
else my room - oh that might go into
attic I know it's okay maybe not it's
really cool though it's come on I can't
spoil the surprise what I can say is it
glows and it glows bright we're also
gonna try to get this bean bag up in the
attic as well the thing is it's very
squishy and I don't know if we could fit
it through the tiny hole like him that
sounded wrong but you know I don't know
if it's gonna work it might just be a
waste of time loon I definitely found
some other wires why why what's the
point but like I said I hope the Taylor
clan but like I said I hope the Tang
Clan is having a great day
call it I call kiss already your
fruitcakes okay here's a little preview
of quitting a nice race full full video
out some other day but for right now
here's what we got so you give the three
honks we'll go I got a rev up though
the grills out bro I actually broke the
titanium alloy still the all you mess up
your split is gonna be like 13 pesos
into the shop in okay what's by our
couch and go
Hey
you know that couch I used to have in my
old room super comfy it has a console
for food it rocks back and forth here's
a video we can just take that apart and
squeeze it up there Walmart couches are
horrible we're going with that one so we
think now we're going to have to make a
second trip we're gonna go get his G but
this is pretty good we got a rug we got
pillows we got love because I love Dylan
so we're gonna get a before shot before
we start putting stuff in it's gonna be
so sick up here right now we have a wood
floor and you guys see all this yellow
stuff that's the insulation you can't
step there because it's hollow and you
will fall about 15 feet onto the
concrete there's still suitcases from
the people that live here before
trampoline pads random storage it's
gonna be so cool quit and turn on the
light yeah and we have some natural
light right there and right there and
right there
are you pogo-sticking down there 1 2 3 4
5 6 9 oh yes I do
never Jackson's like we could be chillin
in this attic and then our giant Tower
just falls on us and we die we also
finally have a use for what was his name
cripples son d what's take him up there
hey hey he's like fell off I'm a doctor
he was a good mean now he's dead thanks
a lot
I thought use already yeah my slaves are
at work I'm ready to rumble it's up it's
almost up
it is getting dark we are gonna go to
Walmart and then Best Buy I believe but
this is definitely the new hangout and
it is my brand new room will you be my
new roommate that's my house is the
guest house
hello
come in with the crew it's team 10 bitch
who the hell are flipping you we left
with an extension cord and a really cool
speaker and everybody and there's really
nice lunar I know you went up there but
you just can't it's boys only hey boys
only Luna that's my extension cord
okay mama Taylor also helped us out they
ran one of our errands for us because
she's just so lovely I know please leave
a like well don't leave a like yet not
till you see it but then after that
leave like well we bought a love sign it
just fell off the wall I don't know why
we duct-taped it and now it's broken and
we bought like 50 batteries what is life
oh my god what is that okay well alright
there's your sneak peak this whole place
is falling apart and we're just getting
started cripples is now a woman there is
some stuff in the works right now but
you can't see any of it john cena i
think we're getting it down can't wait
for a woodshop teacher to comment and
say use your fingers back
gorsh
girl aah
oh my god guys what you're about to see
took a total of 12 hours non-stop work
Dylan and cording tonight it is 3:00 in
the morning I need some proof hey
somebody peak out of there with your
phone oh can you see it says three
o'clock every go guys please leave a
like for this my feet are freezing my
new freaking a hangout room I'm so happy
let's do it
so again it is almost 3 o'clock in the
morning 249 technically current day this
fox going up wow I think we stopped for
one eating break and oh my god I can't
even explain it guys we had to go to
Walmart we had to get a nail gun we took
like three trips to Walmart to to Lowe's
we got a nail gun and we just put up all
these like shower curtains forgetting
something what we need talk for this
thing I know we also needed to think of
his name I don't think it should be chef
boy he's the new Paul he's the new trans
Gator he's not replacing them but he's
just part of the family now we're gonna
put the black curtains all the way down
so you can't see all that ugly mess and
that'll be behind the TV that we went
and got by the way all this together
costs a hefty amount to my surprise we
got our heater fan we did have two
gigantic your fans they're over here
there's one but they kept blowing the
fuse because how much energy they take
to what they do they put so much power
they trip the breaker you got to go down
turn off the breaker turn it back on
reset the outlet downstairs reset the
power outlet that everything is turned
plugged into and then it's back yeah buy
a $40 generator and put it wherever you
want in this room and you can that'd be
such a good idea yeah we need to do that
that speaker is freaking dope it dances
to your music it is so loud it's got
that mad bass family I took back the
Xbox one that I gave Taylor for her
birthday because it was still sitting on
the floor in the same spot I put it she
hasn't used it yet so I was like alright
I'm gonna steal for a little bit we got
black ops 2 we got black ops 1 hooked up
to the TV
we got a lava lamp and we got another
lava lamp oh my yeah it's sitting on
boxes because they didn't include this
stand with it what the hell don't how
cold it is kids what else we're way you
do it you do it yeah you can see it a
little bit but I can see it is freezing
up here that's why we have the heater we
can't use the big heater sadly we're
definitely sleeping up here tonight like
I'll probably do a 24 hour challenge up
here where we just make a hilarious but
we're definitely sleeping in here at
least I am we brought up the broken
Hawaii picture and you can't even tell
it's broken because the broken part is
the couch and I we stood that up - yeah
that's right boxes we got some waters
out we got bubble gum and a cup holder
we got snacks and we got more snack
these are so cool not only do they have
like the colors reflecting you can draw
in them we put all to the shiny part the
whole thing is real black yeah oh my it
looks so freaky cool we also got these
Big Joe bean bags because we're gonna
get the other one up it wasn't gonna fit
plus it's nasty this was a more tedious
task than moving the five-story Tower
for sure soon we're gonna get a
generator so this place has its own
power we're gonna get a microwave we're
gonna get a fridge we're gonna get good
Wi-Fi because the Wi-Fi from my house
can't reach out here is basically
useless right now I just love being up
here I already know it's gonna be the
new spot all the Q&A is from now on
they're happening right up here we also
got a white beard pause welcome Matt
it's ironic cuz there's no dogs getting
up here Luda tried and Luna failed see
this one fell off now we'll show you
guys what we've been doing for like four
hours of this got to reload the staple
gun it gets jammed a lot of Latin and
push it up against the wood oh there you
go we're gonna go to bed I'll let you
know how that was in tomorrow's vlog Las
Vegas tomorrow oh yeah we are gonna go
ahead and in this video here and I hope
you guys enjoyed it and don't forget
your friends do you enjoyed subscribe
for new and I'll see you guys next
you just maybe
