okay guys there's a big ol storm going
on out here oh my god I'm thinking about
time lapse in there slide down there
that that's it just blowing the rain so
hard why do we have so many storms here
I don't know I just posted today's video
which is gonna be yesterday's video to
you guys but yeah I think I'm just gonna
chill in the basement it's probably
really dark in here yep and now I'm
orange you guys saw how sunny it was in
today's video so I have no idea but I
think in the summer when I vlog I'm
gonna vlog with this fisheye because you
guys can see all around me let me know
the fisheye or the regular or like a mix
of both I really like this because look
at that you can see like my whole living
room and how dirty it is what's up guys
today a lot of people were telling me
that somebody made a video of me and
linking it to me so you know what we're
gonna check it out so I have no idea
what to expect but I've heard it to
youtube poop so those are like I don't
even know how to explain those they're
really funny though just like a bunch of
editing and I don't even know they're
all different from one another I had no
idea what to expect but okay let me make
sure I got my drink just in case okay so
this was made a day ago and it's titled
youtube poop Tanner has a lovely weekend
at a big grass field and then look at
the thumbnail you photoshopped it Jake
on the Tramp and me on top of him with
hard skin I guess we're just gonna get
right into it let me put on my
headphones when those Rascals go oh here
they are
yeah I had to unplug them from my xbox
controller because I've been playing a
lot more exports lately probably because
it's gonna be the summer soon and I'm
gonna have nothing else to do I mean I'm
gonna be making a video every day of
summer so that occupy my time but uh
with a break did I put my headphone
thing I found him best thing about this
new haircut is that these headphones
can't mess it up like I can't get head
set head I just made that up but yeah
whenever you wear headphones for a
really long time you get like indents
around your ears
I had head set head in one of my old
Instagram videos here's a picture of it
now
I don't wanna be the right way okay what
the pretty sexy right oh okay let's get
into it
I'm scared okay it's only a minute and
25 seconds but all right guys we're
heading to Jake Burke's house we're just
gonna have some champs and all make a
video to hang for some cities before
anything else I want to say for you to
work hard when you go to soccer babies
and nice on my lap it was just a joke
there's no joke I got like a lot like a
like a let's do some musics on the
trampoline over there when you go to
sleep at night
oh my god like along the trampoline
the Edit is good dude uh okay guys this
is like the funniest thing ever that I
don't know how he animated that so good
like that was oh my gosh but I there's
like 13 more seconds left of this I
guess we'll finish it so I just got home
and I kind of got home so I just got
babe like a cat in the face last night
she's a pass bonus as a token of our
appreciation Paul you
oh my god dude oh my god that was the
funniest thing I've seen in my life I
got smacked in the face of a big boy you
know I don't even need this today
because that was honestly so funny oh my
god okay in the beginning it said I hate
and then it had his name so go subscribe
to that channel if you guys want to
going to the original video will be in
the description leave a like on this
video for sure because I was so funny I
love watching these videos you guys make
I'm adding that to my favorites right
now so I guess that describes what a
youtube poop is I didn't really know how
to explain it but I don't know how he
made that like that video probably took
him a few hours to edit because that is
so much animation and editing in that so
and yeah we only have like six more
school days until my summer vacation
starts next Wednesday I cannot wait and
there'll be videos every day
yeah guys that's it leave a like if you
enjoyed subscribe for more videos share
with your friends and I'm out peace
oh I didn't learn my lesson
