so I woke up this morning and I went
downstairs and I turned on my heater fan
and then started smoking and I thought I
was going to die but yeah not sitting in
my bathroom this button right here I
turned oh my god it smells horrible but
it's like broken I turned that on and
right when I did this button turned like
a bright yellow and then it started
smoking through it probably not a good
thing but thankfully I have my old
heater fan my good old Polonius it's
going to back me up through the summer
what's up guys today it's the second
last Monday of the school year and I'm
counting it down because I can't wait
for it to be over he's really lucky and
I just want to get out of school I've
had senioritis since freshman year if
any of you know what that is but today I
figured I would play some Xbox with my
chat link cable with my friends you know
why because I haven't used it since I
got the thing here it is yeah so I went
and bought the canon g7x and then we
went around had some fun and I filmed
all of it then I went home and I put it
onto my computer edited the video for
yesterday and I didn't really like the
quality of the g7x so wouldn't returned
it today and I think I'll just spend my
money on something else I don't know it
kind of sucks cuz whenever you downgrade
from a camera you just don't you're not
happy with it like at all and anything
that that camera can do my phone can
pretty much do the audio is just a
little worse on my phone but yeah we're
gonna play some Xbox literally within
the last three minutes I've almost
knocked over my ring light trying to
move it then I spilled a bowl of cereal
that was sitting right here by stepping
on it moving a backpack and then I walk
into the bathroom to set the bowl and I
completely kick this still my phone do
you know why that's just not gonna fly
with me as you guys know I like to add a
little something when I destroy stuff
there we go
cut that down there good
now let's see if we can make the Pepsi
hit it yo that was like a centimeter
away from the camera didn't get a splash
on it ha ha I got that that's a little
wet
oh what's that then it's really sticky
yeah I gotta clean all this up but yeah
it was not a good idea guys don't do
that please check out the slow-mo on the
phone my phone literally died on the
charger three times trying to attempt to
throw that thing from there to here I
guess all that bad luck downstairs was
to go into this being good luck in my
camera not getting hit gotta clean the
house long story short don't get a two
liter and shake it up and throw it at
the ground hard but anyway I thank you
guys for watching subscribe for more
videos
the summer is almost here and I'll be
posting dailies I've made in my mind or
at least try to post everyday and yeah
that's basically guys leave a like if
you enjoyed subscribe for more videos
share with your friends and I'm out
peace that I'm at and all the time
No
