alright guys we're heading to Jake
Burke's house we're just going to hang
out this weekend have some fun and I'll
make a video vlog thingy and before
anything else I want to say the video I
made of Jacob Sartorius when you go to
sleep at night when you wake up in the
morning and when you walk dossie girl
you know you wanna flown in it was just
a joke there's no hard feelings there I
got like a lot of people saying what do
you have against him and stuff I don't
have anything against them I just
thought it was pretty funny and so did
everybody else right mom I laughed
there you go and I'm actually pretty
good friends with one of his friends so
it's okay I see some kids hopping on the
trampoline over there let's do some flip
aru's
that's what
the only hair I had left is now gone
he got scraped off
oh wow got a screen
yeah back in the air oh oh oh oh fuck
you
Oh
I'm gonna jump off the railing and lend
on my back and then do a double fry onto
my back visit imagine bad mom
I cry 12 12 I hate my life this is the
new fashion 21st century Oh spring
roulette okay guys this is a sad excuse
for a 10th normal day in South Africa
until the first childbirth
like a cork j.crew shears with did.but
double backflip I have problems cuz this
is not how you put a hot dog on a stick
oh and I also don't know how to cook a
hot dog let's listen to her squeal hey
so I just got home and I kind of got
kicked in the face last night we didn't
really record it but I'm gonna look like
a total goon for at least a week but I
heard on black ops 3 if you go on there
and you have the season pass that you
get like a free weapon thingy so for all
you gamers we're gonna we're gonna do
that let's get our gaming headphones on
for luck
black market she's a pass bonus as a
token of our appreciation you have the
following bonus items waiting in the
black market and dr. Monty's factory
this is it the moment of truth if it's
something horrible I'm never playing
this game again there we go oh boy
shadow claw picture that's the one that
sounds like a nerf gun I'm not sure I
don't know kind of wanted to sword but I
guess I'll take that this is why I don't
game breaks my heart every time I hey if
you want to say something I'll put you
in my video yeah so some yeah I'm
recording you still there I think he got
off I want to go test out the shadow
claw thing let's see how much it sucks
got a kill that's all the camp all right
dude well I'm gonna get off so I can
fill the rest on my video right alright
peace see I love meeting you guys if you
ever see me on xbox invite me to a party
cuz I might join if I'm not busy
cuz I like talking to you guys yeah guys
it's basically for this video we just
had 11,000 followers on Instagram so
thank you all that went over there and
followed me I've been getting like crazy
lately and it's all thanks to you guys
so thank you all so much and I'll see
you guys in the next video leave a like
subscribe all the good stuff and I'm out
peace by the yes
Oh give me some kind of dry
