what's up guys
today it is Thursday and we have 13 days
left of school and I just cannot wait
for it to be summer I'm thinking I'm
gonna buy this camera right here a canon
powershot g7x I think that'll be my
vlogging camera yeah so they're gonna be
buying that soon so I'll be able to make
good quality vlogs as the same autofocus
as my 70d I believe so that should be
good for it and yeah I just cannot wait
to make vlogs this summer I think I'm
gonna be traveling down to Austin Texas
this summer back up to Virginia and then
to Maryland those are the pretty
Fisher's and I'm not sure where else
I'll go but we're also going to Hawaii
and like 19 days I think or something
like that so what I want you guys to do
is leave a comment if you think I should
have vlog in Hawaii or just make a big
video after the whole trip I don't wanna
vlog because I think it'll just be cool
to show like the trip day by day and
then show what we did that day and I
kind of feel like a video of the whole
trip would be a little bit too long for
my liking you know I don't know leave a
comment what do you guys think would be
best
the hairs begun to grow back a little
bit not very much I don't know so
today's video was going to be reacting
to my old videos but the audio won't
work so we're leaving whoo boy breakfast
for dinner what for me you want some
yeah guys what making tonight yeah
you're brother and sister you want bacon
and eggs this from a brown chicken or
what
well Taylor frack do you want bacon and
eggs for dinner no what was that no fill
it off we're gonna get me a copyright
strike sorry she just loves being in
front of the camera
I'm never going in the kitchen again I
hate cooking
you know that's why we I McDonald mom
can I eat this stuff
why'd you say huh fuck the police coming
straight from the underground get into
the microwave and take the lid off for
strawberry here go take a lit up I'm a
cook
okay was wide okay get off the phone
that's what's wrong with kids today
they're always on their technology says
you stupid cyber bully they are this is
the new norm I'm going to report every
meal because we're a YouTube family now
okay look at that ladies and gentlemen
and mostly gentlemen hey let me know
when you wake up so I can report you
eating wait Tristan are you actually gay
are you doing it for attention
politician there we go guys you didn't
even know I was recording where's the
camera
she's afraid rival cameras right over
there why are you filming our dinner
yeah we're YouTube family now oh that
means you can't smack ano to say that
that means you can't scream in anybody
for chopping up we never eat together
guys I got to get rid of this pedostache
oh god I'm gonna have a bald head I
gotta have a baby face I never thought
I'd be recording myself shaving
I look like Shanna Tosh without the rest
of beard I feel like a new man
so guys right now we're gonna go get the
water out from under the trampoline if
you guys didn't know when you have an
in-ground trampoline whenever it rains
it all get traps under there it all get
traps under there why you do I go
instant full retard when I'm talking to
a camera water probably let them see
under there even though it's upside down
it's nasty under there okay you get it
good chloric yeah I'm gonna be safe get
a wet plug in and plug it into this do
it all the time
hold up hold up um alright go see you
that's actually really gross the water
is like completely
what it just had a final burst of
nastiness you that's so gross I'm never
walking over here again now what else do
we have to do what do we have to do with
the pool oh well guys this is an actual
day in the life of Tanner burger except
you don't get to see me sitting at
school going ah I just kidding
Oh can't always be perfect ready mom
woman do a quad front right now
all right let's hope my camera doesn't
fall again because if it does this time
it'll be bad
what kaboom there's nothing to it I
believe I can Kyle
ha believe that what's there but for a
couple of times - world's first no
double belt hi guys it's basically it my
shirts gone cuz it's really hot in here
and yeah thank you all for watching
subscribe for more videos and I'm out
peace that I'm at and all the time
