before this video starts I want you guys
to know that I'm quitting YouTube and
I'm moving to an app called musically
because it's the best thing in the world
here you go when you go to sleep at
night
when you wake up in the morning and when
you walked awesome girl you know you
wanna flaunt it
so yeah I mean I'm pretty talented and
you guys should go follow me on there
yeah you guys don't know it but my
sisters in here haha Wow she could have
been in that whole video you guys
wouldn't even know what are you doing
for kids oh you know my video mmm but
anyway guys um oh let me get my drink
for all of you that watch my drinking
bleach for the first time video please
don't drink this stuff because you will
die okay Thank You Stallman II I didn't
want to have to explain that to the kids
yeah I'm making this at night and I'm
obviously just like tired so I'm acting
stupid but uh yeah let's get into the
video okay so guys that musically I
posted yesterday got reposted by this
account cringy dot musically and it got
like they have two hundred twenty one
thousand followers and it got fourteen
thousand views so you know I'm pretty
proud of that I got five more fans on
musically so today I'm gonna get famous
on there and I'm gonna quit youtube I
already said this so I'm I'm sorry guys
I got to go just kidding but my sister
and I are doing a snapchat opening I
posted about this on Instagram so if you
missed it you should go be on Instagram
last time I did a snapchat opening a ton
of people were saying like hey you don't
know mine well I opened all the ones I
got so I think after a while like they
just go away or something I have no idea
but anyway we're gonna get into it and
yet we can't oh shoot I feel so short
here I'll help now I look short and bald
and I don't want to be both hi guys
today I'm joined here with my sister
Frederic and we're gonna go ahead and
open snapchats for you guys I have a
couple people to snapchat me that are my
streaks but you know I'm gonna put them
in there anyway this one's from my
friend Gavin 134 day streak do you think
he's cute I mean I do see one of your
boyfriend's yes
sorry Blair Duffy one two three if we
can't hear this well he sees himself in
the mirror but we can't hear it nice dog
is this going to be in your video no no
it's not not anymore
screw you I'm kidding I love your hair
by the way Jake Burke you look like The
Annoying Orange I swear we're gonna
start at the bottom
Elijah bug 911 kind of a sick name is
that my face on him it's my face are you
on your phone during the snapped opening
I'm sorry I have people talking to me
see these are the kind of people I have
to deal with every day what languages I
start a stolons probably like Norwegians
guy brashears you think you'll go back
to last gen consoles for gaming the subs
probably not because I gave my xbox 360
to my brother which is in that room and
yeah I don't play on it Tanner makes me
wet as wet as these penguins and they
constantly give me head oh I got turned
down the sliding model all right there
we go Nathan Herrmann every one comment
tanner hey apparently everybody's got a
common tanner now thank you but that's
the guy that made the parody of me look
like you frickin potato he screenshotted
something from one of my videos I guess
um ya know I'm probably not gonna go out
with your sister I'll go out with you as
your sister me in your video bebe this
is my cousin lo oh my god that's my
cousin Lily gays I wish I could hear
these but I can't so I love you too
Pacey why is everybody doing that um old
enough for me if you're 15 I'm 15 10 or
when are you doing a snapshot of me
right now if you do a Q&A here it is
where do you get your pads I've only
heard that 80 times from an auction holy
Jesus Christ
I love your hair dude oh my god Haley's
like he's like five feet up Rhys peacock
that matches you username ah that wasn't
P oMG I love you Brooke from Iowa love
you too
I'm a 10% battery we're going fast Owen
that's our cousin by the way yep jeg
dark in vivid oh there's a face on the
Oh Taylor
okay max feet self-promoting bastard can
you do flippers on tramp not pool can
you eat my dick my god Tim Taylor
uhh
tea man I got a hat on now by the way
soon Wang my Asian friend bro ok right
now so many people snapchat me like
knowing I'm gonna do an opening and ask
when it is I don't get that
me and you face people have my face in
their phone they probably did it for
this channel they're so clever for
anything I'm just dancing with no music
but that's my friend Dominic Lewis hello
son
crazy nice that foam looks like noodles
yeah you you can to your Tanner Brown
guards brother Eric 1 2 2 2 3 3 get it
there's two threes and three twos but
there's only one one this is crazy
that's a nice shirt I love it back or
fag both don't think any of them know
that I'm here
nobody cares back I'm sorry I'm hey
don't leave okay you look like a girl
skater greetings from Australia
greetings yeah Hofstra yeah is he vaping
we get it you babe why this haircut why
this haircut huh I don't want this oh
now that she got it in the lens
all right so that's basically it guys
thank you all for watching subscribe for
more videos and if this video hits 400
likes I'll let my sister do my makeup
and I mean it'll probably go good with
this hair so yeah we would like
subscribe for more videos share with
your friends all that good stuff and
we're out get the hell out of my room go
stupid cyber bully that I'm at and all
the time
