alright guys so excuse the shirtlessness
but look at this I don't know if you can
see it or not but yeah my dad just tried
to come over and even out my haircut
because it was like super uneven still
from whenever Quentin just shaved it off
yeah he did sound around my ears and it
just looks really bad and uneven so I'm
probably going to get all this down the
same length as this you know it doesn't
really matter because the next hairstyle
I'm going to do is Cameron Alice's hair
right here and yeah hopefully that'll
look good because doing all this and
looking like a potato is really made me
not care what my hair looks like but you
know I want to try new stuff now that
I've done this so also excuse how
horrible I look because I'm running out
for hours of sleep and I have school
tomorrow and I'm gonna be screwed but uh
by the way thank you all so much for all
the support on my last video and we
already at like 5700 subscribers as of
today so yeah it's still Sunday right
now I didn't make a video today but the
reason for that is I pretty much just
chilled all day long and didn't really
feel like making a video because I
didn't really have a good video idea and
I don't want to just put a random video
on you guys and that's also why I don't
know if I want to make daily vlogs in
the summer or just make videos like I am
right now like every other day or every
other couple days because I feel like
those are my best videos like I'm making
good videos now but I also want to be
able to post like every day of summer
because I'm gonna have nothing to do I
mean I might as well so I'm thinking
maybe daily vlogs during the summer and
days I want to I just make random videos
of just whatever I want you know it
doesn't all have to be vlogs it'll just
be vlogs on the days that I don't have
anything to do or I just want to talk to
you guys so but yeah that's basically
all I wanted to say and I will see you
guys tomorrow it's morning now and I
gotta say the best part about this hair
is when I put on a hoodie or something
it never messes it up wait Taylor yeah
I'm in the school's bathroom and looks a
little better
I know I'm still bald and check this out
it could be so easy to leave so I walk
into school I look even more bald so I
walk into school today
and the first thing I see an emo girl
with a hat on but nobody will tell her
to take her head off I guarantee if I
wore one I would just get sent to the
office or some bullcrap like that but
yeah we are on a steady rise of about
100 subscribers a day and even more on
the weekends and I figure we'll be
hitting 10k within like I don't know
like a month or something which is just
absolutely insane and what I'm going to
be doing for 10k for all you new people
I'm going to be doing it draw my life
and I'm honestly so excited to make it
if you don't know what a draw my life is
it's basically where you are drawing out
on a piece of paper or whatever you use
and you're commentating over what has
basically just shaped you into the
person you are today or what's happening
in your life you know so that's what
I'll be doing for 10,000 subscribers and
I honestly think it will be my best
video so also today I'm going to be
answering a couple questions that I get
all the time and I'm just tired of
people asking it so if they ever ask you
guys and myself will just link them this
video and this questions are what
trampolines do you have how much do they
cost and one of the best trampolines to
buy you know like safety price all that
so I'm going to be telling you guys that
today for all you people that are
interested in doing trampoline also a
lot of people been saying I look like
Justin Bieber with his new buzz cut I
think it's pretty convenient that we got
it like the same time yeah me and Justin
or you know we're Bros talked to him
every day and the only bad part about
this angles you guys can't see Kate over
there so for the loads of new people on
my channel yes my brother is indeed gay
right hey he's been faking the whole
time for attention oh and guys I've
already wrote this Griffin to draw my
life and this is how long it is crazy
out to the trampolines we go okay first
things first this is my in-ground
trampoline I got it from trampoline
usa.com it's called the old american
trampoline this trampoline is not built
in ground like we put it in brown you
can't order it and have it like shipped
and then people bury it for you or
something I don't know how that would
work anyway but yeah this is not usually
in-ground we made it that way and it
cost about two thousand to put in the
ground with the company we used and the
trampoline itself cost around seventeen
hundred to two thousand dollars I don't
remember exactly second we have the pure
fun trampoline 14 foot round
and yes the springs are cross to make it
balanced here although it can hurt your
trampoline sometimes it just depends
because I cross some of the trampoline
it kind of ruined it but I already
sucked before so I didn't care and it
does make a bounce here if you don't
really care about your trampoline go for
it yeah pretty good trampoline I've done
triple front on it numerous times it's
pretty good pretty bouncy but it's not
the best and why is there a string it's
only like four hundred dollars so it's
pretty good um that one's definitely not
very good for the safety is so if you're
all about the safety and stuff I
probably would not go with that and last
we have the tramp master trampoline this
one cost about two thousand dollars new
but I got it for a hundred and fifty
dollars off Craigslist probably the
bounciest but it's also the hardest and
even though it's not an Olympic
trampoline it's still really bouncy and
it does throw you up just like an
Olympic trampoline has a metal frame
that you can stand on which is pretty
good in pretty big spring but the mat
does rip pretty easily and there's
another one over there so yeah those are
the questions I get the most is what
trampolines I have and how much did they
cost so there's the answer to those and
now I want to tell you guys the best
trampolines you can buy for the best
price and about safety so yeah guys
those were my trampolines but the best
trampoline you can buy right now for the
best price is probably the a con
rectangle by the way this isn't
sponsored or anything I'm not getting
paid to say any of this these are just
honest true words genuine from my heart
um yeah a con rectangle pretty good in
width I mean it's pretty comfortable to
spin on if you're in a tricking and
trampolining learning your tricks and
the safety net it's probably the safest
thing I've ever been on and it's really
bouncy but it also just feels super safe
that trampoline is really easy to get
hide on but it doesn't throw you up when
you don't want it a con circle is pretty
much the same thing just a little bit
less bouncy yeah it's just up to you
whether you want a circle or a rectangle
I personally like the rectangle more
just because this one's width is good
enough to where you don't even have to
worry about hitting the net when you
spin or anything I mean there's like
tons of trampolines out there look at
this one that's called a Goliath
trampoline it's from like Sundance
trampolines or something like that and
it's five thousand dollars and it's like
26 by 16 or something crazy like that so
you know there's all different kinds of
trampolines you can buy and Sundance a
sponsor me maybe give me one of those
please moving on to safety probably the
Springfree trampoline although it's
super expensive they're probably the
safest you can get they're really soft
trampolines with no Springs even though
you can hurt yourself with or without
Springs they're really safe and there's
really no way unless you do this that
you're gonna hurt yourself
so that's probably the safest
trampoline although they do cost like
$2,000 or something crazy like that
probably not worth it for the price but
I've been on a Springfree before and
it's not that bouncy they definitely
over exaggerate it on their Channel but
I also didn't try it with a double
bounce or a wet trampoline or jumping
off something to start with so you know
I don't really know they're bounced that
well maybe the one I jumped on was just
crappy or something but so yeah that's
for safety and I already told you guys
investor javelina I told you guys mine
so that's really all I have to talk
about I've also had a lot of people tell
me to do another snapchat opening so if
you do want one leave a comment down
below and if we get like a lot of people
saying that they want them I guess I'll
do another one I wasn't really planning
on doing any more because I feel like
they just make me look like I'm fooling
myself like I think I'm famous or
something but you know I think they're
fun to open and see what you guys like
to send me and I know you guys want to
be featured in the video so I still
think they're fun so yeah let me know
and yeah that's about it for this video
the subscriber counts been going up and
I'm just so happy with it right now so I
love every one of you guys thank you
guys so much and that's pretty much it
thank y'all for watching subscribe for
more videos and I'm out Wow
