it's the last day with the hair
hi guys sir Quentin is on his way right
now yeah I'm not that nervous I mean
I'll just look like I'm 6 years old
again guys look at this beautiful hair
so I'm gonna be there much longer
I know hey there's mine did you
destroyed my xbox oh I'm gonna make you
feel shorter alright guys we're here in
my mom's bathtub and he's gonna go first
on my case first
alright we're just gonna give him a
reverse mohawk to start to start wait
that won't have to start my phone genius
I know like a oh oh oh it's magic you
know I don't know how to cut here so
like this yes ouch did hurry go oh I
hate that sound
oh no oh yes
so that yeah that's like a didn't even
do anything yeah that's like yeah here
yeah you're showing up sorta just go
show him
oh no he doesn't look like the bunny is
missing
yeah it didn't we should probably go
lower people are gonna be like hey that
has a cow should go down to the for
whatever the free almost none before
what else I got made fun of last time I
did it for all right reverse mohawk
attempt number 2 if this isn't work you
could just Oh God
haha I'm gonna do it one more time in
the middle see if it make sure I get
oh I don't want to see it Oh are you
giving are you party might be making the
mold yeah I'm all the time
oh I'm feeling so much hair go within my
already oh my this is YouTube loyalty
guys you better leave a like I seen
about telling you I was sick so I didn't
to do this oh I hope tomorrow's hat day
or something I'm sitting in my own hair
oh my god I hold up on my shell in the
back it was a good Harry that's your new
nickname Harry I'm gonna look shit up
but for so long oh my oh my gosh your
hair is hairy
I just leave it
alright now let's look at this more you
just get up sure alright look at his
mullet guys oh my god I can't turn
around now this drains gonna be cold I
know this is a bad idea but it's funny
so painful reverse my heart from the
back oh my oh this is so enjoyable but
I'm gonna have to feel the pain oh you
will have minutes Oh yours is gonna look
nice yeah would you probably go back to
our barbers today I'm just gonna walk in
there and say fix this here just one
time my grandpa was barber shop the old
guy said he wants it as short as a
dollar so I said the same thing not
knowing what it meant and I was bald
dude I've had long hair for like two
months and this is gonna feel so weird
I've had a long hair on my life I turn
your head this way likes it the other
way okay a barber chair
alright show them what it looks like
yeah but potato on top my head see the
side of your head like so stupid because
I couldn't get it all this part is
longer oh that is a lot of hair
my turn you won't use this short yeah
I'll do it same thing as you
I'm gonna get my hair out of this so we
don't cross our hair oh yeah I'd be
weird dude my hair looks so good right
now - I like this link and now I'm not
gonna like the link after if I start
crying it's not my fault
dude this hair so itchy it's in my legs
already Wow crazy we're taking a bath
after this whether you like it or not so
I'm taking a bath of you again
okay so penis yeah I'm not a barber so
I'll know how to make a wiener chef's
get straight on here straight on the
banger yeah every can care
what's going on guys Hannah here I'm
bulb okay that's me so much hair that
you're gonna lose ya get that whatever
just fuckin do it's a weird aren't you I
know it'll look weird I want to look six
Oh what you do that's going to be a
Twitter here the balding begins
let's shit and then it has a rounded tip
I've been working I feel like an idiot
dude you look like one too
I can't wait wear hats in school yeah
trying to make this winter is it really
hard
ah man it's all my eyes I'm gonna see
myself hold on I look like a freakin 3d
I look like my cousin Logan they turn
more into a triangle in a waiter hey put
the hair in it first huh put that hair
inside the cap for a sec pilot on film I
put all this hair in it I feel so stupid
cheese dude that just was a feeling of
losing weight Hey oh it feels like I'm
balding like seriously feel like
somebody shaving my head is it I am this
is really hard
well at least I can wear hats in my
youtube videos so some people don't see
my head we're not done yet
I tried was a really long pause I just
finished the job buzz cut me I don't
even care you hear on a ton of drugs
passing out games Zynga barber is some
hard work yeah you know listen to people
cry once you f up there Harry I don't
know I was the holding this co-written
piece and Tanner's old hair dude I can't
wait to go to school and get asked what
happened that's like a centimeter of
hair to get patched it's left oh my god
dude my armpit hair is longer than my
actual hair now
hate my life it's official he switched
the razors guys I'm gonna be like Ryan
Sheckler I'm gonna regret this so much I
think I'm done already do it looks like
you shaped a dog around dude whenever my
sure went over my hair I was so weird
he's my is my heart a walker than my
actual hair no I look like my hairline
is receding
oh my gosh look at all that I look so
stupid this is horrible my sideburns
looks so stupid I look so young so
stupid I just look like potato I feel
like a bald eagle did my forehead is
huge you're telling me that's basically
guys leave a like if you enjoyed
subscribe for more videos don't forget
to share with your friends and we are
out e dang it - that would have been
cool
I come anyway now hey we're done with
the video we don't have to cut your hair
you can come anyway Shh there's like
piles of here oh this weird weird you
know gangsters hmm all around me are
familiar faces wanna place
you
