no way no way oh my god no dude my mic
just snapped what's up guys
it is super dark in my room because my
thing is messed up so I'm gonna turn on
the ring light the lamp and it is
currently like 7:44 and we're supposed
to be at school at 8:00 and I need to
hurry up but when your shirts not dry
you just need to set it on top of your
heater fan and hope it doesn't catch
fire guys is 339 right now look at how
dark it is out it's really dark out it
looks a lot brighter than it is what's
good honey
no back at it again oh my god I need to
get a new window thingy water just leaks
down in here see it fully that's why I
had these towels here but they're soaked
like oh my god look at all the mud you
oh this is all soaked - need to get more
towels this is not good not at all I
want you guys to do something right now
and I want you to leave a comment down
below of how you guys want Quentin and I
to cut each other's hair because I want
to do it a creative way I was thinking
maybe like a scale like we make a skit
out of it but I'm thinking I'm probably
not gonna do a skit but maybe just like
do it in my mom's bathtub but like fill
the bathtub something do it with like
kids scissors or something that'd be
funny I don't know leave a comment and I
will choose the best method and right
now we are going to react to a video
somebody made of me that I got link to
today and tagged in a lot now here's the
hot shoe right there that is the pork
that attaches to my actual camera and
it's completely broke okay so I
duct-taped the mic in place because
there's nothing to hold it so yeah I
haven't watched this video yet I just
got it sent to me and I figured hey
might as well put it in the video today
yeah so if you guys didn't know so if
you guys didn't know I actually have a
UH so if you guys didn't know I actually
uploaded a video a couple days ago and
it was a video of me and my mom and I
showed her a video and she thought it
was inappropriate I edited the whole
video and I uploaded it and then she
goes hey I don't want that on your
channel because like she's doing
business with people and she gave the
people my YouTube if you're watching
this right now hi
oh yeah yeah so she wanted me to delete
it and of course I deleted it right now
I kinda have to obey and do all that but
you know whatever I turn 18 I'll tell
you guys the first time I smoked weed
tell you guys the first time I robbed a
bank tell you guys the first time I
killed someone you know all that just
normal stuff I'm just kidding but yeah I
had to delete the video and only guys
know that I'm never gonna like fake Who
I am on YouTube nobody wants to watch a
fake youtuber now let's get into the
video okay so this video is called how
to be Tanner Braungart I'm gonna leave
the link to the original video in the
description I've actually seen this guy
is like a supporter of me and I've
snapchat in before so this ought to be
good and yeah I guess just go check out
his videos and here we go hey guys
what's up today I'm gonna I'm gonna show
you I'm gonna pause it I'm pretty sure
he did this shirt thing because in half
my videos I'm shirtless so that's
actually hilarious oh hey didn't see you
there one key factor being Tanner is
never wear a shirt that is hilarious now
you can't just act like Tanner you have
to be Tanner believe that you are Tanner
and you will be Tanner I'm Tanner
Braungart world-class flipper and
tricker that's all I can do
hey I do is I wake up and I fixed my
hair depicts from a snapchat the perfect
oh my god beautiful next thing I do is I
pull up my phone and look at all the
motivational texts I have for my fans oh
my god that's hilarious hey J hey yes I
want to come flip oh my god I went oh
boy be sure okay
I'll be right over love you too but I
think it's time I showed her to Jake's
house cuz he's like the only friend I
have it's essential while flipping to
never wear pants it makes you more
aerodynamic talking about me and my
friend Jake I don't get what people
always call me gay oh my god
those lips were really hard on my legs I
mean I wanna be able to walk with on 30
so I think I'm gonna put kicking line
nothing
balance out the so balance out the flips
and like games and stuff I just I want
to make a good quality video sweet and
new text I quit
guys I'm so sorry to come down to this
there's no easy way to say this I love
all of my ten thousand one hundred
thirteen point seven followers in my
five thousand two hundred forty three
subscribers I got arm banding I just
can't do this one
drinking the laundry detergent alright I
just finished editing that video thank
you for watching and liking and
subscribing please share with your
friends and show to Tanner like
Tanner DMM on Instagram whatever yeah
thanks for watching
oh god that was honestly so funny so
shout out to Nathan everybody go
subscribe to him that's honestly so
funny why is it dislike ratio one like
two three dislikes you know I'm giving
that a like right now okay that was
actually so funny because everything is
so true like I always flip with my shirt
off I only flip with like a few people
the only people you guys see me hang out
with is Jake Jake and Collin like that's
pretty much it and I guess corn and
Dylan but you know I don't really ever
hang out with like anybody else besides
them because everybody else is pretty
uninteresting around here I mean they
all just do like normal sports and stuff
that I don't really care about anymore
but if you guys didn't get the in there
it's because I drank bleach in one of my
videos all of these are watching my
videos you get it so like I said go
subscribe to him give him some love that
was honestly so funny so yeah I'm gonna
wrap up the video there guys thank you
all for watching subscribe for more
videos and we are cutting our hair
tomorrow so don't forget to leave a
comment YouTube channels gonna be lit
and I'm out why did I just say let it
and hate that word what's your time it
is it's 911 sea lemon ollie
cheese I'm at end of time
