guys we just hit 5,000 subscribers on
YouTube and 10,000 followers on
Instagram I cannot describe how happy I
am right now like whenever I started my
Instagram the original goal was to hit
10,000 followers and today we've done it
three years later I started my Instagram
about the end of my seventh grade a year
and now it's about to be the end of my
sophomore year I'll be a junior next
year so for all of you that follow me on
there thank you all so much and we also
at 5,000 on YouTube so we're definitely
gonna do the haircut thing I'm pretty
sure corn is fill-in and yeah we're
probably gonna do like next weekend
because I don't really care what people
think at my school so we're just gonna
do it before school's out I don't really
care so yeah I'm pretty sure you still
in with it after I've said it on video
he better be so yeah today I got this
game called csgo and that's what we're
gonna play today when I talk to you guys
cuz this video is just pretty much a big
THANK YOU to you guys and I just want to
talk to you guys about you know what I'm
gonna do in the future and some other
stuff see when I started my Instagram 3
years ago it was all about the flips I
would wake up and I wanted those 10,000
followers I was trying to post flipping
videos all the time and I would just
wake up and think what flipping video am
I gonna make today how can I get my name
out there so you know I was doing that
for a long time and then after 3 years
it finally worked and by the way guys
I'm gonna try some surfing I haven't
really done it I mean I've done it like
for the like the last 10 minutes but
that's it and yeah I suck so please
don't judge me and I'm the same way with
YouTube now throughout the day at school
when I wake up when I go to sleep I
think what YouTube video am I gonna make
how is it gonna be entertaining for you
guys you know how can I grow my channel
and and my channel has been like growing
a ton lately getting a hundred 200
subscribers every day it's just awesome
and I cannot wait for the summer because
I'm gonna be grinding so hard to post
videos for you guys but I'm still gonna
make sure that they're entertaining and
all that because so many times have I
edited an entire youtube video and then
I just delete it because I'm not happy
with this so and I don't want you guys
to think that I'm like quitting flips or
something because I'm obviously not
gonna be coding flips like completely
although I am gonna be branching away
from it because you know the most
subscribed person on YouTube that does
flips is damien walters and he's at like
500,000 getting close to 600,000 but my
long-term goal on youtube is a million
subscribers and
it sounds like a huge number right now
like I can't even think about it but I
think with all the hard work that I'm
gonna put in like I'm gonna be grinding
out videos like crazy this summer I
can't wait and you know I think with all
the hard work I think it is possible and
with the help of you guys I think
anything's possible so you know that's
my long-term goal and if I'm gonna do
that I'm gonna have to do other things
that I love and all the videos that I
post that aren't flips they always get
more dislikes than the ones that are
flips and I totally get it like people
don't want to see change but you know
flipping is not all that I care about
anymore you know I care about other
stuff I care about making good content
for you guys you know I have all
different kinds of videos I want to make
I enjoy doing so much more like right
now I'm having fun playing csgo and I'm
glad I gonna make a video about it that
hopefully a lot of people will watch so
you know I'm not gonna be like quitting
completely or anything I'm just you know
I'm gonna branch away from it and do
other stuff that I love and I mean you
can like that or dislike it yeah I mean
you can only watch the ones that involve
adventure and flips if you want I mean
it's up to you guys you know dislikes
I've never really bothered me because
attentions attention you know good or
bad and I totally get it because I got
my first 7,000 followers from Strictly
doing flips and some more after it so
you know I totally get it that people
don't want to see change and they only
want to see you know the the flips it's
only about the flips but you know after
a while they do take a toll on your body
and everything and I kind of want to be
able to walk by the time I'm 30 years
old with every injury I always
contemplate stopping and I usually do
stop for a couple months and you know
it's always just never been that big of
a deal to me to quit it's not like the
biggest thing in my life anymore but you
know it is still part of what I do and
what I like to do so I'm not just gonna
quit but you know I am gonna branch away
and I hope you guys can accept that but
yeah guys that's pretty much why I
wanted to tell you all so I had to take
my snapchat off private I'm just getting
way too many like I can't even stay in
touch with my friends that I talk to
every day like getting 30 or 40
snapchats and trying to respond them all
it just takes way too long and don't get
me wrong I'm not getting like lazy or
anything I've definitely been responding
to you guys for a really long time but
you can definitely DM me on Twitter or
something like that where I think I'll
get less dm's you know so I can actually
respond to you guys and you know I do
appreciate every one of you I've
responded to almost all of you guys that
have snapchat of me unless you snapchat
me like something like a dick
something like that but yeah I've been
getting snapchats from like 30 year old
guys like two thirty year old guys in
the past two days and you know I'm just
not comfortable with that so yeah I did
put it back on privates yeah I hope you
guys can understand that also you guys
got to tell me what do you think of this
set up we've got the ring light we've
got the hamper
we've got just the PC set up got the
office lamp extension cords all that
great stuff and I'm gonna use this as my
FaceCam so yeah let me know what you
guys think of this because I actually
like making videos like this so yeah I'm
just so happy I'm so thankful like come
on guys like 15,000 people that is more
people that live in the city I live in
it's just crazy that's basically it for
this video guys I understand if you
don't want to leave a like and all that
if you're just don't want to see me move
on but you know it doesn't really matter
to me but I mean leave a like if you
want that would make me happy yeah leave
a like if you guys want to share with
your friends keep doing everything that
you're doing because we are going like a
hundred to two hundred a day and it's
just awesome so again thank you guys so
much and that's pretty much it thank you
guys for watching subscribe for more
videos and I'm out
breathe
