yo we were sitting right here and Luna
somehow chewed my only macbook charger
why no not anymore now you're gonna get
electrocuted you're so dumb that you're
so cute but Rose is cute and smart learn
from her you little ass well looks like
I'm going to Best Buy what is going on
guys today we're back and today I hope
you guys are all having a great day I
need a hat my hair is down so first
things first we got some Christmas
lights up whoa echo when did that start
happening I haven't seen the front of
the house yet it doesn't look like
they're on yeah they're not on yet but
I'm guessing there will be later this
little guy still needs to go into the
shop wheel is still messed up so Taylor
and I will take my truck to Best Buy
because I can't really edit unless my
computer has a charger my car might be
in the way of my truck
I might just drive my Challenger by the
way the backyard is still looking fresh
with a five storey tower the Christmas
lights just heard on they heard me well
half of them did those are still off but
we now match the neighbors so my sister
is going to vlog for me because I don't
do anything illegal anymore no more
vlogging and driving for me because
today hope for one there was a verified
police officer like some state trooper I
guess he tweeted at me he's like hey can
I get a fall back he was being nice then
I was like yo why don't we like change
the law because laws were meant to be
changed and better to where they make
sense because me having a pretty license
plate doesn't affect anyone else and
then the mayor of Kentucky tweeted at me
and he was like did that 10r Bunga
really just film himself going 120 miles
per hour right after getting pulled over
that that was video shot and then my
grandma texted me I'm probably gonna
leave the screen shot out but my
grandma's like hey why don't we go find
out who adjusts the laws sit down with
them at lunch and try to convince them
that it makes sense for me to be able to
have my license plate wrapped and other
people that are also innocent
hard-working contributors to society
should also be able to make their car
look pretty I don't know if that's gonna
happen but there were some negative
comments on that video when I got pulled
over by that cop I mean there was some
sneaky not so tan clan members in my
comments and I read them and I was like
trying to understand
side they were like you know you don't
you don't get a free pass from the law
cuz you hold a camera but I don't know
how you could comment that and not
understand that the rules are stupid
it's okay I mean it's it's not the best
sorry
hater got into some drama in the whole
world's ending look out cansada looks
outside that's crazy
coincidence I think not I'm not gonna
stay on the topic very long I just
wanted to acknowledge it because it was
all over my Twitter and my snapchat
yesterday hands on the wheel he done I'm
gonna cool myself down with some one
direction not illegal not illegal show
me the law not illegal that was from
Family Guy that was also fake I did not
do that can I help you not illegal not
illegal show me the law not illegal -
shut up seatbelt I mean I have it on
it's invisible
maintainer we're here Oh
anybody seen this license plate anywhere
but I do need a macbook charger cuz my
dog is haha $80 Thank You Luna well
Taylor you want to go out to a nice
dinner of course ok I have this new
place it's pretty cool thank you I know
we're good we just got here by our
food's ready cuz I know a couple people
we got the hook shout out I hop I might
just have to leave a big tip not for my
thumbnail title in my personal gain but
cuz I'm a great guy and I'm like halfway
done eating Taylor's just started and
she already brought the check she knows
my drill like I don't like to wait
around I'm really impatient I'm just
making myself sound like an asshole it's
just me like I don't like to wait around
so I'm gonna send it I'm like every time
I give like three dollars she's not even
gonna expect it another thing is I don't
have any cash on me like never do I'm
just gonna have to write it on the
receipt this is really gonna give her a
goof guys thank you you too yeah see ya
so I left the tip and I'm leaving and
she can come out and say thanks if she
wants to she know I have to the key to
doing charity is just to do it because
oh my gosh I just saw her freak out in
there ah how zeroes isn't running
that's so funny okay now we go home and
we do stuff
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I see at
home once did you order our package some
UPS guy just gave me that this is
Cameron Tanner looks like I got a
package this is my package not yours
if it's dog treats it's still mine well
yeah I saw that too
probably batteries for my fate a little
meme if you're new to the channel mean
Quinten vape we don't actually baby try
to bond part my carpet end of story
tell you in my vape over there big
reveal what's it gonna be huh beans free
white Cheetos oh no this is Luna in my
ass this is a Cham as inch a mirage it's
my original camera that I had that it's
the same one I'm filming on I've broken
like three of these this was the first
one I ever had I sent this in because it
was messing up the audio was just
horrible and they sent it right back and
said it was fine I call bullsh but it's
alright yeah thanks George's camera
hello again beautiful Christmas tree
okay so apparently all the lights on our
house are now lit haven't seen them so
let's go look you know people are
probably not gonna be impressed cuz
they're kind of boring it's better than
nothing though it looks cool have we
ever put up Christmas lights yeah that's
what I thought this is a big upgrade
what better kids is that the one with
our birthstone he's gone it was on my
sink
we had the carpet installed and I'm not
accusing them of anything they would
never ever do anything but I have they
took it
so I don't know if it got bumped it was
with my Hawaii ring mm-hmm it makes no
sense but I got to do some putting stuff
up maybe it'll show up but I got it
I've been without my rings like well I
would get it for you but I gave the lady
at IHOP $300 yeah I'm not even making it
my thumbnail in tile
oh she's just nice kind of hot too I
didn't film her reaction but she was
sprinting all over I hope so while we
were out we went to Best Buy and IHOP
but I wanted to go to the Audi
dealership sadly they were closed it got
dark outside so I guess we're gonna have
to go in the morning because I want to
see my car with the added feature I
think it's done I'm not sure I said it
was gonna be a couple days so I will
just continue this vlog in the morning
I'm gonna go snooze I'll see you guys
bright and early current day morning
Taylor how are you it is current day
here in the bring guard household I
changed hats I'm in my old robe I didn't
want to be too extra going to the
dealership I love how this bean bag is
you're still sitting in the garage
because you got some dog waste on it
from Logan but now we have a bean bag in
the garage you want to get rid of this
bean bag but it's so I'm gonna go back
to bed
but it's everyday bro wait where's the
tan clean hoodie do we have to put the
lights up on the side of our road to to
like fit the neighborhood well we got a
notice in our mailbox that you it was
optional and you can do it if you wanted
but the deadline was like a week ago to
order them so we're not yeah all these
people have it we don't have anything
some good news for this morning we have
all the stores the buckle stores that
dibs is going into we have a list of
them oh my gosh there's so many we got
two in Wichita I was gonna read them off
but they're literally everywhere Lee
Texas Utah Missouri Tennessee Illinois
Ohio Florida Arizona Kansas Idaho
Atlanta Montana and Mississippi wow I
know my states the abbreviations school
get together
in Spanish of 85 no free time meeting
his star status I'm tearing out the
windows of the darnedest because the
girlfriend wanna jump in they don't
wanna fuck PMON his whole silicon fetish
but let's bow better well it's not so
much smoke coming out the window looking
like a zombie
it says that they are open let's go in
stay with them I know you guys have my
vehicular what is it
my howdy alright the rose gold moto is
it oh we had that but we had to send it
off somewhere else like we got the tire
issues we send it to a tire company oh
I'm sorry we just don't have it you're
sitting the gray one for a minutes make
yourself go said the gray one feel a
little better
oh my gosh tanner tanner
my car's gone forever and everyone's
gonna see my butt until I get it back
I'm going home
goodbye Audi I never wanted to see you
again just kidding humm I love Audi but
apparently my car somewhere else they
had to ship it I'm not gonna be able to
drive it for at least a week cuz I just
remembered we're leaving tomorrow for
Vegas Las Vegas I'm going to a thing
called flip cons like a private event
world's best flippers I'm obviously on
the phone and since this video is going
up current days my mom has more words of
wisdom about merchandise okay so met
with everybody at our merch distributor
yesterday we're putting Christmas items
on sale while supplies last we're
running out of them we've got that ugly
sweater the ascendant t-shirt I'm trying
to drive and do this it's like really
chemistry hey I do that all day and the
three ornaments so if you guys want
Christmas stuff go get that right away
20% off on the site now 20% off auntie
Braungart calm for all of the Christmas
stuff before I go inside and I have to
edit I'm gonna keep working on my
trampoline
I think the towers leaning slowly guys
there's no sandbags on it at all and
it's on grass
Sunao now give me my hat but yeah guys
we are gonna go ahead and in this video
here in I hope you guys enjoyed it yeah
so much watch this video and don't you
leave like your friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys the next one
you just maybe
