mom Wow doesn't look nice
we got the areolas huge yeah cuz I had a
bunch of crap in and on but we got Kate
Upton over there
as usual reppin write nicer then we got
the cluster of headsets we've got the
beach yeah I just wiped that like not
too long ago either
much random Xbox games we've got the
Call of Duty perks we've got the random
camera stuff frequently your stuff on
top random stuff on the bottom then we
got the giant caterpillar thing that my
mom got me
we got the poop emoji we've got more
Kate Upton over there we've got a boat
we've got hats we got the mini fridges
that I never use we have them Taco Bell
gift cards right there that gets $20
then we got the random Xbox a 40s custom
controller Xbox one other one then we
got the brand-new Playstation 2 over
there my life saver my heater fan I sit
in front of it and watch YouTube for at
least 45 minutes every morning got the
ring light the TV an inspirational
poster that my mom got me a hey I read
that today it's cool yeah it's pretty
cool alright then we got the PC right
here and then we've got the monitor some
mouse with the squish little pad that's
actually pretty soft got the extension
cord with the iPhone we've got the
trashcan under the table we've got the
desk lamp we've got all these Call of
Duty posters and we're set wait wait
best part of the room we have a WWE
alarm clock over there yes your that's
right come on focus but yeah that's
pretty much it guys
now we're just missing one thing a
gaming chair because this isn't gonna
cut it
also one more thing I just got top
comment on rice gums video I never
realized how much those actually helped
my channel because I just hit 4600
subscribers and I like 44 something this
morning so thanks to everybody that came
from that video and yeah let's get into
it alright so I don't know why this is
such a suggested video maybe you guys
are just curious or something but today
we're gonna be going on my iPhone and we
are going to be yeah it's just it's just
called what's on my iPhone alright so
yeah there's the lockscreen oh you guys
don't get to see my passcode haha so
here's my homescreen you know got the
YouTube app you know just all those guys
and um hey apparently we have a snapchat
so yeah if you guys don't know I took my
snapchat off private I've been trying to
snapchat you guys back a lot pretty much
every morning I wake up there's a whole
new set of like 20 or something like
that so I try to respond sometimes I
don't get around to it but I try my best
then we have you guys right here we got
pictures of me drinking bleach we've got
pictures of me hitting the blonde we
even have a couple memes in here I I
don't know yeah my camera roll is
basically is filled with a bunch of
random crap then we got my notes where I
keep all my youtube ideas and a bunch of
other stuff so and yeah guys that
stuff's coming so you can't see it yet
can people steal my ideas
yeah then we got the music folder
basically just got some my favorite
songs Guns and Roses you already know it
we even got the Big Time Rush come on
hey baby
yeah we've got Twitter which I hardly
ever go on Baidu fell back on so check
me out at Braun GART Tanner there's only
one C in there then we have I funny I
haven't been on here like a year
something like that I'm not about to
start yeah then we have backfield
madness this game pretty much just gets
me through the day of school because you
know school is really boring so I
usually just go down to Canyon turn on
the free play go to this mountain and
try some like triple backflip SAP I'm
about to hit some sick for years there
we go come on there we go boom alright
let's add a backflip and alright we're
done after photo I don't even know why I
have this anymore cuz I actually know
what a Photoshop now Skype you know
superimpose pretty much the best
Photoshop app you can get on the iPhone
us remote for my camera Netflix of
course without the chill though because
it'd be kind of weird sitting with a
girl while you like to watch netflix on
your phone you guys are probably looking
at that followers app and you're
probably thinking oh my god he buys his
followers well you're right I do I
bought every single one of them look is
refreshing it's buying him right now yep
see right up there at the top new
followers
nine thousand eight hundred and thirty
eight that's how many I just bought
right there just kidding basically I
just got this app to unfollow my friends
if they unfollowed me which I really
don't know why I still have it but yeah
the unfollowing count is at like two
thousand eight hundred twenty one which
yeah I don't really know why I have this
so I'm just gonna do it because I don't
really care I'll click diving yes this
also gets me through the day guys I
don't know if all of you guys know this
or not but I like hate school and I
basically just need these apps to get me
through the day alright we're gonna go
for a double gainer right now screw a
triple
okay maybe not we're gonna open some of
you guys snapchats
you better love me cuz you're going to
my new YouTube video honestly really
like opening your guys's snapchats like
whenever I get to open them up and like
see positive stuff in them we have the
happy wheels app again another app to
get me through the day and then we have
video grade which is a pretty good
iPhone app you can change like the
saturation and like all that good stuff
for Instagram videos which I have
editing software on my computer now so I
don't really need it yeah it's like a
five dollar app so I don't really know I
have that I need to go through and
delete all my stuff that's app called
star walk it's actually pretty cool app
you can like track the milky way and
stuff whenever I used to do a lot of
photography I used to use this if you
turn on compass mode right here you can
basically just look around at the stars
like it tells you exactly where
everything is it's pretty sick so if you
guys like doing Milky Way stuff and
stuff like that definitely go check that
out PayPal I mean you know all that
stuff YouTube studio I don't know I have
these two photoshop apps they're
actually worse than the superimpose app
if you guys didn't know this app
onedrive if you put videos through
onedrive on your computer you can open
them up in this app and then download
them and it's 4:20 right now so I'm
gonna go smoke a blind see you guys
later
I'm just kidding but yeah onedrive
really helpful put it in on your
computer go to the app open it up and
you can download them straight to your
camera roll I'm pretty sure it's full
quality sometimes it seems a little less
but it's pretty good cute Cut Pro
probably the best iPhone editor but it's
still crap compared to we can do on a
computer and then I have Shazam up here
if you guys didn't know Shazam is where
you can turn on this thing either auto
or manual see like right now if I
touched this yours am it I'll hit it and
it'll say listening and then it'll
listen to whatever song you're playing
and it will find it for you and then if
you're on your own phone you can hit
auto and then go out of the app and do
that so pretty helpful then we have
Snapseed up here so this is probably one
of my favorite apps so we're just going
to grab this picture of me drinking
bleach you can tune the image like you
can do so much with this like I actually
really like this app you can change the
color I mean this is basically just like
a mini Photoshop like on the color
correction and stuff it's actually
pretty good app so I definitely
recommend that I still use it for some
my Instagram pictures moving on we have
Call of Duty again with the call of duty
black ops zombies in the call of duty
world at war zombies again helps me get
through my school day because I hate
school I don't really know why I've kick
I don't ever use it then we have
musically I don't use that either I have
an account haven't posted anything on it
so I mean you can go fall
if you want an appraiser it's just my
name oh wait what happened Oh 300
followers on Twitter here we go guys
oh yeah I almost forgot Safari you know
I was just car shopping earlier today up
here and uh oh crap um uh you guys don't
me see that but uh hey guys that's
basically it my phone is not that
entertaining yet I spent hours on it
every day this is kind of like I know a
simpler video but you know I want to
keep making the best content I can for
you guys so leave a comment down below
of what you guys want to see next and I
will just you know make videos about it
and stuff so yeah guys that's basically
it leave a like if you enjoyed leave a
comment all that good stuff and I'll see
you guys later peace out oh great
Oh
Oh
