what's up guys we're back again you guys
actually won't be seeing this till
tomorrow but I just filmed that Q&A
yeah I'm still using the fisheye lens
just cuz I'm starting to like the way it
looks a lot more I got a comment on my
last video
somebody told me to try trampoline
skateboarding and although I don't have
a skateboard that I can like take off
the wheels I do have a pool skateboard
so I'm gonna try that out
you guys better leave a like so I just
fought off like six spiders on this
thing look at the freaking spider eggs
and stuff in order to see what the fish
are but I'm not getting any closer see
that I'm a skater all right that's
enough guys I'm a natural-born
skateboarder I did it when I was like
eight Rick just do a ball out and land
on this thing oh oh all right what's
head on over to the pure fun this is
actually so much harder than you think
Rick I give up this is pretty hard I
think most of its because it's things
not wood but alright check this out guys
my new invincible tricking shirt just
came in alright so yeah I don't have a
shirt to wear to go fishing it's like
getting really hot out so brand new
shirt let's do this it's probably give
you some weight
alright guys hopefully I did not just
ruin this shirt it's not even cut very
low probably cut it lower another time
let's go fishing
yeah yeah cuz I'm going to catch of
anything
yeah well it's cuz you suck
thank you
I feel accomplished beautiful
hopefully I'm getting a cool time-lapse
out of this I just saw a slithery little
sneaky snake all very well
mom did we leave cookies out for Snuka
mmm okay it was 4/20 Eve yesterday all
right we're finally home from school man
I hate school I always have I can't wait
so I hit 10,000 subscribers so I can
just tell you guys the story of my life
and everything that's happened but for
right now we're gonna do some more you
already guessed it trampoline
skateboarding cuz we didn't get like any
cool tricks now if any of you guys are
skaters you gotta let me know how much I
suck I was still a backflip onto it and
then we'll do a backflip on it and land
back on it I count it whatever but
before we get started guys I found out
what caused the fire my neighbor tried
to burn down an ass of some sort and
they caught the whole fence on fire this
is honestly pretty entertaining I just
suck
let's hit that side flip yes yes ah I'm
starting to split the board yeah all
right guys I'm counting that this has
been another vlog I'm trying to post
daily as much as I can
can't wait till summer gets here so I
can just post videos all the time so
yeah thank you all for watching
subscribe for more videos leave a like
share with your friends all the good
stuff and I'll see you guys in the next
one peace
