it's all rainy what's up guys today I
woke up and I saw that we had like 4050
subscribers or something like that and I
just want to thank you all for that
because we just hit 3000 like two and a
half weeks ago and we're already at
4,000 so thank you all so much it really
is awesome
because I get to do something that I
love and it's awesome to see feedback
and actual growth and stuff so thank you
all for that
so yeah just please keep doing whatever
you're doing and share with your friends
and all that good stuff so for 4,000
subscribers I decided I'm going to Skype
other flippers or FaceTime them and so
yeah we're going to go when I call them
after I go to church so some of them
already have their name out there but
some might not so go subscribe like
whatever go follow these guys on
Instagram you know go give them some
love for being in this video and yeah
that's pretty much it let's get into the
video also one last thing before I get
started I'm only gonna be facetiming my
flipping friends that I already know and
not a bunch of random people because I
don't want my number to get out there to
just like anybody that I don't know so
yeah alright guys first person we're
gonna FaceTime is Hayden the flip king
hey flick King all right can you hear me
this time we tried to FaceTime once
already but it anymore alright show us
something crazy this kid's only 12 years
old he is the same trampoline as me what
next
there's your triple front combo of the
day from the flip king
that was beautiful Hayden is there
anything you want to say before I move
on now we're gonna move on sorry about
the audio it's the only way I can record
because my godoh is hoped up to this
thing and it's it's just a big mess so
all right we're gonna move on on who's
next but all right guys this next guy is
my friend Matt give McCall what's up man
it's always laggy whenever I FaceTime
you yeah do it dude
do something for the video I like I look
at that quality hmm still sick all right
let me see it is there anything you want
to say to YouTube oh yeah
All Right see you man yeah what a good
fellow all right this next guy is my
friend cam Shorey what's up cam nice let
me see some flips for this good old
video dude I honestly want a Springfree
trampoline on one spring for you one
time and absolutely sucked the lag is
real
nice dude yeah making it right now
say hi yes I'm gonna put it in is there
anything you want to say cam oh yes yeah
I'm going to try to go to this kids
house this summer I'm going to like four
people's house including Luke Brogan's
again but yeah I'm going to try to go to
this kid's house so alright peace man
Ryan is this like your mom's phone or
something oh no I think so
guys this is the cutest ginger flipper I
know I'm just gonna say he made an
account called world--as Ginger's a long
time ago
you should go follow them on Instagram
do you want to do any flips for this
YouTube video so me and Ryan actually
started talking because he sent me a
fail of him doing a wall flip I thought
he died see how cute that is God want to
come to Canada meet you and Dalma trick
I was gonna FaceTime Dhamma trick but
he's in Israel is there anything you
want to say to the viewers Ryan I like
that post mind you alright see you did
peace again he's one of the first lepers
I met he's really cool guy go follow him
Ryan underscore I don't know how to say
his last name it's like green hog or
something like that alright guys this is
my friend Daniel he was at the meet up
Midwest meetup 2015 he's going to be at
this one too we only have like two more
months to the meetup actually is there
any flips you want to do for us today
right now yes right now due to quad next
look at them muscles everybody
Daniel is there anything you want to say
to the viewers
don't do drugs all right so you did yeah
Kevin you're gonna show us some quad
Quinn's today Oh
today's the one-year anniversary I
started my Instagram so I thought maybe
I'll do something stupid do it this
connection is awesome I'm just gonna
throw a clip from your Instagram in
because it's too laggy to see anyway all
right gab do you have anything to say to
the people you should see on the tour
champ there you go
for connection whatever guys go follow
him GT underscore tramp all right tanner
Woods FaceTime me so I gotta go what's
up tanner oh you're at intensity here
Safari yeah making it right now you're
looking at him do a trick for the video
guys this is winter tit jeez made it to
his feet he gets so did that on tramp
probably landed next one is my friend
tio I lives like in a faraway land
tio hey Jenner what's up dude I'm about
to go to sleep it what time is it there
sure midnight
it's only freakin 4 o'clock here I
forgot where you live where do you live
what country and no way no way being a
flipper makes you friends all around the
world I sleep all right peace man
Rock what's up how you doing pretty good
Osan the mini champ I need an answer
here is it Glaven
her glove or is Glaven right Glavine
damn it I wanted to FaceTime Luke but
his leg is like broke so is there
anything you'd like to say to the
audience
I caught that piece so that's pretty
much it guys
someone's kind of a different kind of
video but I'm glad I got to talk to you
guys and you guys could see how hype it
is talking to other flippers so thank
you guys for watching subscribe more
videos and I'm out
