alright guys this is Tanner that's right
is the same name as me so I'm putting in
the vlog that's right here brother he's
gonna be a baby someday what's up guys
person in my intro was Tanner Wallace
actually this is my intro that was just
a clip before the intro but a good
friend from freshman year he was a
senior he graduated we have the same
name and yeah what do you have to say
Tristan he's sick yeah my mom's out of
town so he stayed home from school day
Littlefoot
oh yeah you're so sick bull prep oh yeah
guys check it out
see that over there hey quit coughing in
my blog yeah right here in shorts this
is my golden youtube plaque okay like
maybe it might be wood you know maybe
your crotch is hovering over me you're
welcome and you know it might be wood
but one day I'm gonna get a real one you
know I'm gonna get that gold YouTube 1
million subscriber plaque it might be
silver I don't know no Silver's 100k I
don't know I've always wanted one of
those and yeah so today I want to talk
to you guys about what I'm going to be
doing so we're to vlog when my neighbors
are out I'm just talking and stuff
what's going on what's on fire I've no
idea think the whole states on fire Oh
No I'd like to trouble your hat come on
mm-hmm all the nice
oh crap yo I wonder why the four designs
are so close holy crap
yo oh my god
oh my god Oh check that out
that's insane yo yo that is hot it's hot
only at one police see that is insane
the one time I do a vlog there's a fire
at least it's not as bad as it could've
been I guess yeah I wondered by the
siren sounded so close
so basically the whole state of Kansas
has been on fire like the past few weeks
you get headaches from all the smoke
it's so dry over here oh my gosh look at
that
I'm pretty sure one of those cops is the
cop that told me to get off the roof
when I was doing double backs down at
our city park yes sir go tell Tristan
but that was real close to my
trampolines man I wouldn't be too happy
if they caught him fire funny thing is I
was on fire going into that pool
neighbor's house was on fire like the
fins like right next to their house it's
great the one time I've vlog is when we
have a fire just like ten feet away from
our house
oh my god it's almost like scary it was
like pretty big too like the whole fence
is gone now that was even it was like
this freaking close to being at our
fence burn our house down my pink boots
are still here drying off guys from the
double front vid I'm just yeah I've been
too lazy I got the whole fire department
and everybody here how do you even start
a fire like that so oh yeah people came
in moto yard I was wondering why the
trampolines move I left the wasp spray
out here because it's been super warm
here so ah get over here you stupid son
of a gun damn thing
while in our neighbor's yard
the one time I vlog we got a fire tailor
look at that that's perfect clickbait
right there yeah by the way guys I have
no idea how many more of the destruction
videos I'm going to do I know I'm gonna
do at least one more because I'm going
to do actually I'm going to keep it a
secret until we do it so nobody steals
my idea right Taylor right yeah but I'm
gonna go get like just a big TV for this
next one I don't know if it's gonna be
like an old TV or flatscreen or
something I'm gonna go get one I don't
know the details yet but I'm gonna go
get a big TV and we're gonna do stuff
too it's gonna be funny so that'll
probably be my last one I have a monitor
out here that I was gonna like I have it
just sitting there kind of like ready to
be destroyed but I mean I don't really
want to make a video out of that so yeah
I don't really know but yeah guys
three-day weekend this weekend I'll make
another vlog Saturday for sure probably
I think I'll do some more videos this
weekend and I want to tell stories on
xbox soon because I have been lacking
those like a lot I'm you not only did
one so actually no I've done I've done
two stories on Xbox so I'm gonna do more
Xbox stories and yeah that's pretty much
it thank you guys for watching subscribe
more videos and share with your friends
ever all that stuff and peace out yeah I
tell more stories on my youtube channel
my mom didn't follow me
