what's up guys today I'm going to be
moving the tramp master trampoline to
the pool with the help of my father
because it's very heavy so yeah we're
going to move that black tramp
it took me and my friend Jake Breshears
an hour to move it from here to the pool
by ourselves
hopefully the process be sped up with my
dad's help but look how heavy it is it's
a bit ridiculous we even have cardboard
on the bottom of it I still won't bite
but uh everybody wants me to do a quad
front of the pool will I do it I don't
know wet suit makes it heavier but a wet
suit also helps with the slap kinda I
don't know I can't even really tell the
difference anymore but I don't know if
I'll do it yet I will I'll think about
it right now I'm thinking about it
goal for today triple from the pool
stupid wind always happens
that's kansas for you I'll see you guys
when we move the trampoline
ah yeah
still motherfucking windy pulls a little
birdie not too that as you can see it's
really full
thanks filled all the way past that kind
of left the hose running a little bit
too long
got these swaggy swim trunks I'm going
to wear and hopefully the splash doesn't
get taken by the win and thrown into my
camera so yeah
and ever since these lens smashed I've
been really scared to even use it like
anywhere so I have no idea where I'm
going to set up this camera ok guys a
first jump
oh it's frickin cold now the winds come
on me being me left a towel inside so
cool
so I posted this thing to Instagram
where I basically just said do you guys
want to see a random YouTube video today
or do you want to see like a splash
diving video over the weekend like I
have friends over we make a big splash
diving video well I don't want to count
on people being able to come over and
all that so I thought I'd just make kind
of like a opening the pull video am i
familiar with the high going into the
water yet no am I gonna try a triple
front right now yes I am
pray for Tanner here we go got my lovely
mother out here to watch in case I mess
up and can't breathe so she'll jump in
right like a double front half out maybe
about the best I can do to warm up bad
idea put my phone under the trance gonna
get wet
I didn't hurt at all kind of hurt my
right butt cheek but that's it corn
might be possible if I landed like that
one farted be fine let me do some more
tricks I mess around a little bit yeah
this is more triples cuz I was kind of
fun one of the things I really wish is
that I could go backwards and do like
triple back some stuff but I don't trust
myself to go over the bar into a pool
over cement so yeah that's kind of out I
mean I can do like standing double backs
off if that's it
and if you guys haven't seen my diving
boards video off that tiny little thing
over there it's on Instagram go check it
out dude double front double back to my
feet on it somehow so yeah go check that
out and I'm gonna do some more stuff
make sure we'll run to my feet
but I don't think today's the day for
quad
out and that ladies and gentlemen is why
I do not do side flips ever that
nauseous the wind out of you so hard
I'll tell you I need some sauce this
hurts but it better than lining on my
back I think
I tried to go back with you fuckers and
one good hell too long again yeah you're
almost always there in flips that time
no there's no way to tell when I
seriously no control anymore
well triple e diving still hurts so yeah
that was tramp diving and yeah we got
our hang up right right there we're good
there's a couple other things I want to
talk to you guys about let me find him I
put him in a note one thing I wanted to
tell you guys is that I'm dropping
Honors English next year so that I can
make more YouTube videos because who
knows what I'm going to do with my life
and you know I could play it safe and do
the honors role but I'd rather have some
fun with my childhood and make some cool
videos for you guys so yeah I'll be able
to make more videos next year during
junior year because Junior you're
supposed to be like your hardest year or
whatever else so I figure why make it
harder than needs to be I want as much
time as I can to make videos for you
guys second thing is I decided I'm just
gonna get like a boring vehicle because
I don't want to spend a lot of money on
my first vehicle I wasn't originally but
I'm probably going to get like a boring
first vehicle so I can save up money for
like other stuff like going to meet
friends traveling and stuff for the
summer doing a lot of stuff like that
and then I will work my way up to a
better vehicle so yeah I don't know why
I just want to talk about that and last
thing before i go the deal with Quinton
is still on if we had 5000 subscribers
before May 30th 2016 we'll cut each
other's hair um if we don't hit that
number I still win because I don't want
to have a buzz cut in the end but uh
yeah I don't really care so it's up to
you guys share with your friends or
whatever else if you want to see that
and yeah so thank you all for watching
subscribe for more videos hope you guys
enjoyed this video we've liked comment
all that stuff and I'll see you guys
later peace what about a hit
oh you look
