alright guys I I just got home and
there's a few things I need to talk
about today over the past couple of
months I've been thinking a lot lately
and it's just gotten to the point where
I can't I can't do it anymore guys I'm
sorry to be quite honest with you guys
I've been holding back one of my true
passions for about six years I have just
haven't even told anybody I started
YouTube about five years ago when I was
11 and I made a couple of these videos
but I just I I can't do flips anymore
because I need to pursue my actual
passion I'm tired of faking just for the
views just for the likes you know I want
to do my own thing I want to do the real
thing
I want to do makeup tutorials so today
I'm going to be sharing with you guys my
first makeup tutorial now I know a lot
of guys and girls both most mostly guys
struggle with the daily struggle
actually about not looking pretty enough
you know you just have acne bacne ass
knee in our ass Nate that that's a
American Dad reference there but so yeah
I'm gonna go ahead and flip on the
lights here and get right into it now
the first thing I usually like to start
with is eyeliner let me go ahead and
grab my my pencil here and we'll get
started now these are very gently you
have to caress your your eye like around
it and stuff it's it's really easy I
promise this is freaking retarded ly
hard how do people do this okay so uh
that that looks really good you know the
goal is to look like you just got in a
bike accident so that we're good and
them after you only do one i don't
don't--i the second one you want to move
right in to the the other stuff so you
just want to grab your handy dandy yeah
paint brush it give it a little caress
there and this this stuff is called
blush and you put it on your cheeks to
make people think you're embarrassed or
something
I don't I don't know but uh okay that's
good bit there and you want to keep
doing that until you're pretty so and
you always want to do different colors
on each side okay okay there we go
now we're looking we're looking a little
better there but you know you have to do
this stuff with society's new standards
for what a good woman should look like
and even though it's basically
harassment to us we still need to do it
for sure you want to go right across
your chin with the brown see how much
I'm blushing right now yeah it's cuz
because I'm a beautiful woman make sure
you don't shave your mustache first I
forgot I shaved mine on it's alright but
make sure you leave yours on and then
you want to grab the lightest color of
blush you've had you have you just want
to take this and then you just want to
go ahead and take this and put it where
your moustaches
and when that doesn't work you just want
to go ahead and grab the darkest color
you have there we go now we're talking I
love the way makeup tastes by the way
make sure you don't mix them together
you want them to pop out and show
differently for sure you know I saw I
saw one of these online that look like a
penis so I'll use usually just like to
do these third alright ready
it tastes like cinnamon mmm and now that
you've got your delicious looking
lipstick on you're going to want to go
ahead and move over to your left cheek
very important left cheek and you're
going to want to go ahead and draw kind
of like almost like a W looking thing
and from here with the W want to go
ahead and connect those bring it up a
little bit back down and back there so
it's almost like a like a penis but it's
not so don't get confused with that but
now that you've got that you've ruined
your lipstick but uh that's fine you
know it's fine to put it back hello oh
hi let me tell you about I'm not I'm not
sending him this one and once you put
your lipstick away you're going to want
to go ahead and take it right back out
oh my god what did I do to it I forgot
to lower it before I put it back in I'm
retarded anyway uh yeah bring it back
out and you want to go ahead and make
your way over and just draw yeah
draw that and least but not last you're
going to want to go ahead and grab your
sponge tool grab some brown stuff and
you're going to want to put this on your
forehead get rid see those pimples uh-oh
however those nasties up and now that
you look like Queen Elizabeth you are
basically done it itches horribly and it
feels horrible and I I feel horrible I
honestly do and now that you're it
pretty you can go out in the world
knowing that you're number one and
nobody can tell you differently
so yeah guys um I'm sorry that I had to
give up flips to do this but it's really
all I care about now and yeah all the
trampolines are for sale and by for sale
I mean I'm giving them away all you have
to do is leave a like on this video and
you're automatically qualified to
receive one of my trampolines but on a
serious note guys I decided with my
friend coin that we're going to do kind
of like a challenge thingy so we decided
that we're gonna do this little thing
and if we reach five thousand
subscribers before May 30th 2016 Quinton
and I will give each other haircuts yeah
they can be whatever they want we're
gonna use razors out all this other
stupid crap but only for your 5000
subscribers I'll be ugly the reason I
choose my xxx and not right when we get
out of school is because we're going to
Hawaii whenever I make those videos I
don't want to be completely ugly so good
thing hats are invented and it's
basically I'm gonna go take a shower and
thank you guys for watching subscribe
for more videos and I'm out
oh my gosh you look like a freak
