okay my mom says she has something for
me happy Easter I'm gonna pay for part
of your thing
here's your quarters Ben oh hey yeah
here's some money I paid my mom
yesterday to buy the Gorillapod and I
guess it's my Easter prison to get some
others back sweet I love you have a good
day
you too I want to go Billy fall in the
snow for people's amusement that's why
you always buy wet socks how they have
spiders in look it's like completely
separated all muddy and then snowy all
right guys there's only one way to do
this and it's the Tanner Braungart way
Yolo cold it's not too bouncy
oh okay that's your that I thought yeah
it's all in my back best idea ever
that's my happy Easter to you guys and
this is for anyone saying that I'm a
push for easing away - we're going for
height on this one yeah Jesus Christ I
knew it
yeah I did a backflip off one in the
trampoline room it's in snow did the
trampoline that I can get a max of five
feet on hey there's a new couch and a
new share hey handsome hey what's up
there
it's a little muddy out we're all side
driving off for Willie round up so I've
been carrying this giant tripod around
and it's getting annoying but the good
news is that I ordered a gorilla pod and
it's supposed to come in in like three
or four days so this is the best
trampoline in the world Oh trigger for
life bro
stop hitting a mattress when you get a
foot down so this thing is a giant mess
what we need to get is one of those
little things I can't date why can you
think of the word you know what is Bob
the Builder is a yellow friend and we
need to get one of those and just dig
this thing out because it's looking all
nasty that is over there
so I set an alarm on my phone for May
18th today we get out of school I'm
gonna probably be doing daily videos I
don't know what exactly they're gonna be
of everyday if it's going to be vlogs or
whatever else I want to do more stories
and other stuff but probably not much
call duty or anything like that and so
yeah I'm probably gonna be posting
literally every day of summer we're
gonna go to Hawaii at the end of May and
then I'll have them meet up June 25th
that video will be out like first few
days of July but right now my life is
just too boring to make vlogs out of
because after this I'm gonna go home do
geometry and edit this video and then go
to sleep the life of Tanner Braungart
hey you got your brownstone yeah awesome
finally was he a real Corktown oh yeah I
do
oh yeah ha I got him down how did he do
though I gotta lose more clothes so I
can do
told you to move and that's Kansas for
you absolutely no snow outside last
thing Fargo in my ramen noodles thank
you guys so much for 3000 subscribers
three thousand and Counting now that was
the end goal for 2016 so so yeah thank
you guys so much for helping me
accomplish that in the first three
months of it and leave a comment down
below of what you guys want to see from
my three case but special that's pretty
much it thank y'all for watching
subscribe for more videos and I'm out
okay
subscribe to my son stuff or I'm coming
after you
