we have quite the project on our hands
today what is going on guys today we're
back and today I hope you guys are all
having a great day I have spent my
morning editing and signing posters for
all the people that spent $100 or more
on the website for Black Friday and
Cyber Monday I've been signing a time
I'm pretty sure this is my last pile my
mom might be bringing more I think
there's like 150 I gotta finish these up
and today we are moving the tower from
the backyard into the back backyard but
just because the poster signing
promotion is over it does not mean that
you can't still get some Christmas march
some regular merch all of it is Auntie
burger calm remember guys trans Gator
where's he at he's on my shirt and he's
also right there if you want him on your
body you better cop it now
the reason this takes so long is because
I try to make every signature like
perfect if I ordered a poster and I got
a crap signature I would be hurt not
gonna happen to you guys and of course
one of them is going to have a heart
around the nipple a very bad heart but
it's special whoever gets this one
tweeted to me I want to find it god
that's ugly
my shirt is randomly off but before any
more of this vlog occurs I want to say
thank you guys so much for everyone that
supported me recently the support has
been going it's been crazy I'm actually
so hype signing these posters because I
know they're going to the best fans in
the freaking world the tan clan and I
just realized unforced my cars it has
the clickbait license plate and my real
car doesn't ah is this an interview it's
my BB babu good morning mom good morning
writer how are you guys a writer and
skier I guess it is 3 o'clock in the
afternoon it is my morning Logan is here
Logan is ill and Mitchell's brother's
friend and also my friend I've known him
forever
sure sure sure we're gonna go move the
tower wish us luck it is going to be a
pain in my little ass to move all 5
stories we're gonna have to go up there
take off each rail and slowly work them
down and then slowly carry the heavy
awkward pieces all the way to the side
yard build it and do all that before the
Sun sets it's already 3 o'clock whoa
they have two dogs now what the heck and
Lena doesn't like it I labor dogs how
are you are you friendly
here goes nothing man these sandbags are
nasty they're growing mold I don't even
know if I want to bring him definitely
forgot how my this thing was imagine a
trampling down there we're gonna need a
foam pit I want a trampoline inside a
foam pit have you ever been up here
first time that's my title now that only
works with girls it's gonna be so high
it's gonna be scary
someone's office I thought it was going
for the hot tub not my hot tub whoops
do it backwards
progress has been made it is three
stories high right now Dylan and Dylan's
brother we're yet fam we've been doing
all this by ourselves look at all the
progress we made though Dylan's here now
and we're getting close to layers left I
forgot we have one over there we could
use
I hope Quentin's not watching this
because Logan's putting him to shame
right now gee I think I found my new
boyfriend so we left off with an almost
normal backyard and a big mess in the
side yard now we got a we got to do a
lot of stuff one injury has been
suffered I cut my damn foot
first jump just kidding it's only two
stories high but yeah it's gonna be fun
but we're gonna have to get a ton of
pillows and a ton of blankets and then
we'll have a party
from the third platform halfway up to
the top turnbuckle cinder saying dirt Oh
was it fine yeah we're in for a treat
and another one coming it's a little
bloody don't worry it's fake and I'm
gonna grab my GoPro and we're gonna get
to jump in I'm a little tired but I'm
really excited guys no injuries besides
my foot super sketchy the wind is
blowing hard and we do not have any
sandbags but we are still going to keep
anger calm
Luna Luna
get off the trampoline loon all right
starting from the third level
easy-peasy we'll just work our way up
and maybe jump off the fifth I have to
for the video it's it's so unbelievably
scary up there how cute do I look
through this I have a strap-on I'm
supposed to jump from this one there's
no freaking floor so high this is where
it gets scary
I felt that when I was a little bit I'm
still jumped from the fifth I might try
to make a little bit softer I hope my
neighbors like the new addition to the
backyard
Oh
one
your guys's turn what's all freakin
sandy yeah all right you're good yeah
okay boy
you all right you all right yeah yo oh
my god I forgot I forgot there was no
middle one holy crap you're good yeah
I'm good
oh my god I forgot yeah you jumped out
and there was no metal board so it just
slid that's sketchy we should have had
it on there Wow let me do a few more and
that's it
oh crap I think my heart stopped halfway
down that's scary
we're done for tonight guys we're gonna
bring all this back inside no I will
continue after my ribs stop hurting yeah
I know I don't even have enough breath
to scream right now I casually do
someone else scream please oh hey is
Taylor driving getting her practice in
no way she's about time she's thinking
she might buy my Camaro from me Oh we'll
see yeah that actually I can see you're
in that yeah sure
good card guess what that what we
survived
you already did it yeah with a couple of
close calls how many cushions are those
all the couch cushions yep it's the
olden days I feel like mama I promise up
in the bag I just really want to try a
triple front today well now that I
survived another day as a trampoline kid
we got something in the crock-pot for
Dindin
whaaaat that's hot oh I'm exhausted
right now that took so long
come to think of it people say YouTube's
easy for some people it might be if they
have an editor and all they do is talk
well we just moved a five storey tower
mostly with two people but it was fun so
I hope you guys enjoyed it this sounds
like I'm ending the vlog but I'm not
ending it yet oh boy this is a lot more
and they gave me some of the new pop
sockets check that out that is freakin
sick few more things I wanted to talk to
you guys about the first one being that
my RA is at the dealership right now
it's in the service area hi mom Nona out
Luna do not step on these posters I
swear oh thank you goodbye goodbye it is
getting a feature added that was
actually already originally installed in
it but that feature kind of hasn't
worked since I got it I don't know if
I've ever talked about it in a video
because it's not really legal but it's
also not illegal I'll talk about it more
maybe later I don't know my food is
gonna get cold
but the Tang Clan comes first and with
the cops situation you know they took my
license plate I was talking to my mom
about it she's like you probably
shouldn't rewrap your license plate but
she's probably right they'll probably
just keep pulling me over and keep
taking it off the thing is my car is
going to look sick it is the clickbait
are a recently named a Vanessa haven't
been calling it that in my mind it's
like the sickest car in the world and I
want it to stay sick so I'm probably
gonna rewrap it after police not all of
them just just the ones that take my
place next thing I know they're gonna be
taking that plate from me and I'm
gonna be homeless and if it gets bad
enough maybe I'll move to California and
they won't get my tax money anymore but
whenever I go into court because I have
to go in to get my license plate back
I'm just gonna tell them like hey and we
work something out like do I have to pay
you guys can I is there any way I can
keep my license plate and if they say no
like I said I'm probably still gonna put
it right back on because I've said it a
million times it's my car everyone knows
it's my car and it's hurting nobody so
whatever they just want my car to be
ugly just like theirs and the last thing
I want to talk about I'm gonna try my
best to post every single day December I
basically post every single day now I
take days off once every three weeks or
so if I'm traveling it's usually a
pretty good month for youtubers because
a lot of new people get on the site so
let me know any kind of videos you guys
want to see it can be crazy stuff it can
be serious videos sit-down videos
challenges more of me talking to you
like this it could be any kind of video
just let me know what videos of mine are
you guys's favorite to watch and you
already know I'm gonna send it I'm gonna
make the best videos that I can may come
to think of it I've almost been doing
YouTube for two years straight now I
started at the very beginning of January
2016 seriously posting and now here we
are I have literally the best fanbase
sitting on my floor leaned up against my
bean bag signing some posters and
working hard as ever and I know you guys
appreciate what I do because you watch
my videos that's all I want from you
guys and I'm gonna go ahead and in this
video so I can eat my dinner and finish
up all this thank you guys so much for
watching and don't forget my guitars
fender you enjoyed subscribe to you and
I'll see you guys next
