what's up guys it's been a little while
since I've sat in front of the camera
and just talked to you guys but today I
was looking through my youtube feed and
I saw that a ton of people were
commenting backing me saying that I got
featured in some guys video so this is
the comment it was on
and I had a lot of people saying Oh bro
posted it which is oh nice yawn he's
like three different channels each with
like a million subscribers more and this
one has two million and he featured me
in his video at like two minutes 45
seconds something here's the clip right
now people always asking when everyone
else is watching the video like for
instance my banana song oh my god I
remember watching this as a little kid
just realized it was an easy on more
people who had no idea that I'm a banana
okay wait how did you guys not know that
I was the banana the whole time that's
me right there in the beginning of the
video right under the video there's my
name yeah initial indefinitely took that
in the wrong context cuz I meant that I
rewatched it now and just realized it
was him like back then I had no idea I
didn't know an SD on or checker made the
video back when I was like nine years
old when this video came out so yeah and
first off before I get into this video I
just want to tell you guys that I by far
get way more support than I get hate I
mean all my videos I've so much positive
feedback and thank you guys so much for
that and the last thing is the insane
dad thing that we did there's a lot of
little kids commenting on it and I guess
they are not really understanding what
that video was about it was like a
parody of mcjuggernuggets which
mcjuggernuggets is pretty much just a
guy who has his dad act like he's mad at
him and go destroy his games and
whatever else so we did a parody of that
which I'm gonna do another one soon with
my friend Quentin so yeah we did a
parody of that and there was a lot of
people that got mad and they're all like
commenting this fake crap and all I
don't know it was just really stupid but
that vide has been blowing up getting
like 2,000 views a day now for the past
couple days and I don't really know if
it's gonna keep going like that and I'd
be pretty cool if it did but the
dislikes are like catching up to the
likes now I'd like a hundred and forty
likes to seven dislikes and now it's
like two hundred some likes and dislikes
you like right behind it but you know I
don't really care about that but yeah so
thank you all for all the support I know
there's so much more positive comments
but today we're just gonna focus on the
mean ones let's do it see there's not
even that many mean comments I can find
like that were even that mean a lot of
them were just stupid alright this is on
the insane dad video that kid is like
effing 15 he's no father just like this
oh sure I mean like maybe I became a dad
at four years old you you never know
obviously I'm not old enough to be a dad
there's no way that kid in my video
could have been my son it just blows my
mind
my cousin Logan and he's about to turn
11 and I'm only 15 he's literally four
years younger than me I don't know what
gave away that he wasn't my son the fact
that he literally looks just like a
couple years younger than me or what
else is there it's so fake the kids
reaction is weak and the acting is so
bad it's obvious it's fake I posted this
video intending for it to look so fake
and stupid that maybe you get some likes
yeah it's certainly got attention but
not by the kind of people I was
expecting so sad your comment makes me
sad bro I'm sorry
that's not a real laptop how do you even
get a fake laptop like it showed the
keys shattering off showed the glass in
the computer screen all shattered
there's even a bloopers video to this
video I was like nine hundred views or
something but go watch that where do you
order a fake laptop alright fake laptops
calm
eat a sandwich bro I can't help it dude
but look okay I'm happy with this body
so kiss my no but seriously I do eat all
day long and nothing happens I don't
wanna go make a sandwich right now cuz
I'm making a video you can you can watch
me at this donut
clickbait welcome to YouTube here's a
little tip for any of you guys starting
out I'm still starting out but if you're
gonna get views or ever reached out to
the public you're gonna have to make
videos with clickbait you guys I've ever
watched phase of video even if it's just
a simple vlog about him walking around
the damn garden he's got it oh this has
happened thumbnail title anything though
nobody's gonna watch your video if you
type in walking around the garden nobody
would watch that now I get it the Canon
70d video drop test was definitely
clickbait but it didn't get any more
views than me the rest of my videos I
just wanted a funny thumbnail with a
funny title so you look like a fish
don't do Cod too bad oh just kidding
bowing really play Call of Duty anymore
I just play with my friends I don't
really make videos about even though I
need to probably gonna start doing
stories again soon because I like doing
stories and I know some of you guys like
you and I have lots of stories and I
want to tell them to you but some people
get mad and it breaks my heart my Achy
Breaky Heart yeah
cocky as hell kid that's what I get for
making tutorials guys I'm never making
another one again thanks to you I fell
off my trampoline trying a backflip and
landed in my hedges severely sorry for
that I am completely and utterly
disgusted at myself
eleventy by only my YouTube subscribers
loved me hello darkness my old friend a
very funny video hated the language
though now I've gotten this a lot
actually even if it's parents or little
kids or whatever they say I don't like
the language in the video and I don't
even say like the F word or the S word
the only thing I've said is like bastard
hell and damn which are not even really
bad words those are just those are like
second grade bad words if you ask me I'm
sorry but they are not I don't know
whatever whatever I just want you guys
know that I'm not going to change who I
am to fit the personality on YouTube or
whatever I know a lot of people do that
but that's just not me even though I
don't even cuss like at all if it fits
in the moment and I'm just feeling it a
heart I'm gonna say bastard bastard
what a horrible skit I spent two hours
making that video two of them you know
what it's totally fine everybody has
their opinion even though you're fucking
wrong loser no I'm not you stupid fat
idiot so dumb and fake you can call my
video dumb all you want but I take that
word fake to heart
this is so epping stupid they suck the
dad looks like he's 15 years old he
cracked the code I'm out of here see ya
just kidding but I get some dumb
comments and I just want you guys to
know that I'm quitting YouTube now
breaking home
