what's up guys today we're still in
Colorado just got back from Woodward
from yesterday and if you haven't
watched a video go watch it if you have
watch that I love you and we're going to
go snow tubing today and I'm going to be
recording on the GoPro right now I'm
recording on the Canon with the fisheye
lens my row but I don't think I want to
take a Canon 70d down the mountain with
me and I'm about to have a heat stroke
because I have three pairs of pants on
but let's do this alright guys goal of
the day is double backflip outside try
to find a spot even though all the snow
is not that deep if we can find a shovel
I'll do it but other than that I don't
know but we're gonna find out so we've
gotten gloves and we've gotten boots and
now we're gonna head out to the nice
we're gonna head out to the mountain I
don't know where we're going or if
there's gonna be any spots at all but I
don't want to go back into something
like that because it's probably like
freaking concrete chunks under it
yeah
you
you
Oh
rose
Oh
