what's up guys today I'm going to be
teaching you guys how to get over the
fear of a double backflip now double
backflip can be one of the scariest
tricks in the beginning because it's
your first time going over twice and
you're going backwards so a lot more
scary than the double front but it's
actually pretty easy and I'm going to
tell you guys how you can get over the
fear of it like any new trick if you're
learning it bring out pads if you have
pillows you know even blankets or
anything
set them behind you my first double
backflip here's a clip of it right now
you can see I used a lot of pads but
that's what gave me the confidence to do
it and if you have a trampoline gym
nearby you even if they don't allow
doubles just go in there do a double
back into the pit and get kicked out
because it'll be worth it because it'll
give you the feeling of going over twice
okay whenever you learn to backflip you
could go over your shoulder and stuff
and try to practice but for a double you
can't really do that because you can't
just do one backflip and then turn over
your shoulder that's that's not going to
work so you're gonna have to commit and
you learn this by either doing into the
pit or you've just got to build up the
confidence put the path behind you and
go for it
now if you've seen my other double
backflip tutorial I'd like how to land
it and stuff you've seen you've got to
throw your arms grab your legs and
you've got to hold pretty much the whole
time and this right before you know
you're going to hit the Tramp let go I
don't think it's windy enough so once
you've build up confidence you want to
jump about this high get a double bounce
if you want to you don't need one you're
only doing two flips but it's up to you
depending on how good your trampoline is
and once you're ready for it
you've just got to commit that's the
biggest thing in almost every trick so
you don't get hurt commit
or eat and then password say that don't
try to chicken out and go over your
shoulder don't try to like do any of
that hold the whole time or almost the
whole time use pads and everything is
going to be fun I'll show you guys one
right here super easy so that's a double
backflip it's not very hard once you do
it it's just kind of scary because
you're going to be going over twice for
the first time and it's it's just kind
of weird so before you do the double
back make sure that you can do an easy
standing back flip to your back like
this
if you can do that pretty easy from
standing and you can see that you have
like an extra second of following time
you know you're ready then it's time to
just follow the other steps commit and
go for it that's pretty much it guys
that's how I learned and that's how I
want to help you guys learn so that's
the end of tutorial week I hope these
tutorials help you guys if you ever
watch the other tutorials make sure to
check them out if you need help on any
of those basically I'm just teaching you
guys from what I learned not from any
gymnast perspective or anything like
that
so yeah thank you for watching subscribe
for more videos leave like if you
enjoyed and I'm out
what was that dude
