what's up guys it's windy out so I'm
gonna have to talk a little bit louder
but anyway I'm going to be teaching you
guys how to do a back full on a
trampoline now you can either learn like
I did and just throw your arm to the
side and a backflip and then eventually
learn it with pads or you can do the
other way which is doing an Arabian
which is a backflip 180 and just slowly
turning until you can get the full 360
so it's up to you I personally I mean
it's just a back foot 360 if you've been
doing it for a while and you got air
awareness you might as well just throw
it over a lot of the back full and
twisting in general is just how hard you
throw your arm to spin you can't spin
without throwing your arm you're not
going to be like this I mean I guess you
could but that's the first thing throw
your arm so you can do an Arabian like
this
and then you can just keep turning more
and more and more until you've got it or
you can just take a bounce and go
basically you just want to throw your
arm over your opposite shoulder what
helped me out a lot was jumping 180 and
then doing it like this so that will
give you more spin into the foot for
sure another thing that might help you
guys in doing a backflip into it this
makes your arms already be up whenever
you're landing and it's easy to just
lock and pull I just find it easier just
to go for it and with using pads and
everything do the 180 jump into it throw
your arm over your shoulder I mean I'm
just telling you guys how I learned I'm
not gonna sit here and tell you put your
arms up and pull over and point your
toes and all that so I mean if you want
to go watch a tutorial like that feel
free to but if you aren't committing you
don't feel comfortable bring out the
pads stick them on the Tramp do the 180
thing or the back little thing it's up
to you I think the 180 would help a lot
more I promise you if you're just doing
a backflip and you throw your arm you're
naturally going to spin at least 180 and
then you just keep doing that and keep
doing it until you've got the full 360
that's basically it I mean you just got
to try it's one of those tricks were
it's not a big long process and learning
it unless you want to make it that way
if you guys have any extra questions
leave them down below I'll try to help
you guys out the best I can I can't
really think of any tricks leading up to
it besides the backflip and the Arabians
so practice those before you do it and
then just you just got to throw your arm
yet nothing bad is gonna happen you're
gonna be fine that's basically it thank
you all for watching subscribe for more
videos I'm sorry about the wind it's
being stupid but yeah we can't go to
Table Rock Lake anymore because the
weather has changed from like 80 degrees
down to 53 because apparently we have
weather men for no reason but anyway
thank you guys for watching subscribe
for more videos I'll see you guys in
tomorrow's tutorial and I'm out
