what's up guys today I'm going to be
teaching you guys how to do a backflip
on the ground and how to get over the
fear of doing it first things first
you're going to have to be able to do
one on a trampoline I'd hope you know
how to do that by now if you don't have
a trampoline either find a friend that
has one or you know just drive by
somebody's house go in their backyard do
one and leave just kidding don't trust
pass that's illegal even though it's
pretty fun and I have a video about that
go watch it but anyway yeah you should
be able to do one on the trampoline and
you should be able to land it and you
should be able to do it standing on the
trampoline like this once you've got
that down and you are pretty comfortable
with it then we move on to doing it onto
the ground and you can choose the grass
mulch whatever mulch kind of made me
feel comfortable in the beginning but
you know I kind of like the slightly
downhill grass to start so we're gonna
go to my front yard alright here we are
in my front yard now I can teach you
guys how to do one on the ground so if
you've been doing them on the trampoline
for a while and you're pretty
comfortable with it then you should
really have no problem with the actual
backflip part and the problem that a lot
of people have is they get outside and
they're standing here and they're trying
to make themselves do it and they just
they're about to go and then they just
can't they just stopped and they're just
too afraid to actually commit and go
into it and this is because there's hard
ground under you and you don't want to
land on your head so what I did to learn
is I brought out bed mattresses and just
laid them on this grass first I did
backflips on the mattresses made sure I
could land them you should be able to
line them on a mattress first by the way
and then I put the mattress behind me
down a hill like this just like six-inch
slant and then did backflips onto the
mattress and the second I could land it
on the mattress I knew I could take the
mattress away and do it onto the ground
so if you have a mattress definitely
bring it out make sure you can do that
and that will help you big-time in the
long run so I'm going to go grab a
couple mattresses and show you what it
should look like so this is the mattress
I use whenever I was trying to win back
flips in about eighth grades when I did
my first one but I used to go out here
and I'd stand on this mattress and I
could do them onto the mattress and I
could land them on the mattress
but I can never make myself do it on the
actual ground
trying to make a tutorial here yeah
they'd definitely be able to do this and
after you can do that we want to be able
to do one on the front of the mattress
and do it onto that so you should be
able to do this now that you can do it
on in the mattress you're ready to move
on to the ground you can go ahead and
take the mattress away now the biggest
things to remember whenever you're doing
this is that you are above the ground
and even though it can be scary you have
to commit getting over the fear is the
hardest part of doing the backflip once
you do it once I promise you're going to
be fine and you're never gonna have a
problem with the again you should make
sure that you're pumped up and you've
got the commitment don't try to force
yourself into it okay it's going to take
time you just want to practice on the
mattress all the time make sure that
you've got it clean on there and you're
ready to move on because the last thing
you want to do is force yourself into it
because that can get you hurt once you
know that you've got it on the mattress
we're ready to move onto the ground what
helped me is taking a step back into it
that you step back into it and then
throw up you don't want to bend your
legs all the way down you're gonna lose
power if you're bending them all the way
down here to do it just bend them like
this much you know however much feels
right you've done backflips on the
mattress you should know how it feels
don't try to force it but also you don't
want to just stand here and be like you
know cuz that's not going to work either
so you're going to bring your arms back
and you're gonna throw up as hard as you
can you don't want to whip it this isn't
a trampoline you need to make sure that
you're doing it with the right form okay
so now you got your arms out in front of
you foot out in front of you you're
gonna step back into it bend down a
little bit not too much and then you're
going to throw up as hard as you can
and the second you've thrown your arms
up and you've left the ground and you're
going over when you grab your legs and
you just pull them over okay and then
you spot the ground open up try to land
like a sumo wrestler like this okay
that'll make sure that you don't hurt
your knees or anything whatever you land
just a soft landing like you were to
jump off a wall or something I don't
know so play some music something get
inspired make sure you're ready to go
and now it's just time to commit
got it commit completely so you guys are
back foot pro fast what should look like
really simple trick guys I'm promising
you you'll be able to do it this is
probably the scariest trick because it
opens up so many others and it's usually
for beginners but once you do it I
promise you'll be able to do it as many
times you want just use this as your
inspiration you're going to be able to
do it at school do it wherever you want
and press your friends all this stuff so
you know just commit take your time with
it don't rush into it but you've got it
use the mattresses make yourself commit
and I know you guys can do it thank
y'all for watching stay tuned for
tomorrow's video and I'm out
