what's up guys today we're back at day
four and today we're going to be
learning the core first things first you
got to be ready for it you need to be
able to do a J step back look for a
gainer it's just a 1 foot back foot
looks like this should be able to do
that pretty easy and then after that if
you're feeling comfortable bring out all
your pads that you've got I don't care
if it's pillows blankets anything like
that
bring it all outside because this is
really going to help you get over the
fear of actually doing the whole 360 I
did them off mattresses onto those
yellow pads back there to learn and then
I went into a gym and tried them here's
a clip of the first time I ever did one
so yeah that was my first chord ever
landed it because I was prepared because
I was trying it on two mattresses and
once you've got up the courage to go
into the cork then we move on to
actually doing it there's two ways to do
this pivot or a J step J step looks like
this or a pivot looks like this now you
can choose whichever one you want I
prefer the J step just because you give
you more height when you run into it but
it's up to you so I'm just going to
teach you guys the J step way that's
probably the easiest way to do it once
you've practiced and you think you're
ready to do it bring out your pads and
set them on the grass or wherever you're
going to train at so now you set up to
look a little bit like this now to make
sure you land over the pad you're gonna
need to J step into it about right here
and then you just got to commit me on
pretty much every cork I did in the
beginning I had a lot of adrenaline
built up so it didn't hurt at all
whenever I landed like on my side or
fell over you know so just play some
music or something get you pumped up so
you're ready to go if you're
right-handed like me and you go off your
left foot and twist left then you're
going to want to start with your left
foot forward then you're going to put
your right foot forward and then you're
going to pull your arms back and swing
you're going to be swinging with your
right foot and it's important to kick
towards your shoulder because that's
going to give you as much spin as you
can so once you kick and you bring your
arms in just
the moments I'm carry you and you're
just going to do the trick it's really
not that hard really easy trick and it
looks really sweet so I'll just do one
real fast to show you guys it's
sometimes hard to land because you're
twisting off access in this flip you're
not going like straight over like a full
so whenever you land you're going to be
kind of like jagged as you saw there I
kind of rebalance myself out but you
know I think that looks kind of cool at
the end I try to go straight over a lot
of people go even more to the side which
I don't really know but I mean it's up
to you either way whatever makes you get
to your feet now once you've done it on
two pads and you're getting close to
landing it where you have landed it go
ahead and take the pads away
I mean having doesn't do much but give
you just encouragement to do the float
to make you commit once you're going for
the real thing just do exactly what
you've been doing onto the matches my
goal is to have this by the end of
summer 2015 and I got it within the
first week because I just practice about
a week with it so commit go for it I'll
show you guys a cork right now without
any pads or anything
so yeah guys real easy trick go out and
try it practice it will take a little
bit of time for you to land probably but
I know you guys got it see you guys in
the next video
