what's up guys today I'm gonna be
teaching you guys how to do a kaboom on
a trampoline first off sorry for posting
this video so late in the day it's been
rainy throughout the day today and I was
at my dad's house so I didn't have my
camera or anything but this is probably
one of my most requested tutorials I've
had a lot of people ask me you know how
to get the timing for your feet and
everything so I'm gonna go ahead and
show you guys that and I want to make
this tutorial kind of quick because it's
going to start running again soon
probably and I don't want to be out here
in it so let's get right into it
now the kaboom is a super super simple
trick a lot of people just have trouble
getting the timing of their feet down so
today I'm going to show you how to do it
a lot of people either hit their feet
too early or they hit them too late so
you've got to put it in the middle of
both of those will help me in the
beginning was watching my feet until
they hit the trampoline watch them the
whole time like this and make sure
you're hitting with your heels and just
kind of snapping down you want to do it
fast but not too fast you snap them too
fast you're not going to get full
rotation because then you're going to be
spinning faster than you're leaving the
trampoline right when your back starts
to hit you're going to smack your heels
down with a straight leg make sure your
legs are completely straight
don't buckle anything it might hurt your
heels a little bit but if you wear socks
you should be fine also another thing is
to jump a little bit forward into it not
too much because that'll ruin it but
jump a little bit forward into it so it
looks like this
simple as that
so after you got this simple kaboom down
you can pretty much move right on to the
double kaboom if you know a double
backflip because you're pretty low to
the trampoline it's not gonna hurt that
bad if you mess up but all I can say is
just wait till your feet smack to grab
your legs and pull over your head don't
try to rush it super fast cuz that will
ruin your spin so once you've got your
legs completely straight and you're
watching your feet to the trampoline all
you got to do is make sure you're
smacking and then grabbing your legs and
pulling your legs over your head just
like a Cody
Cody's and kabooms are pretty similar in
the sense that you have to make your own
momentum so once you've got your kaboom
down just practice doing this try to do
as many as you can in a row just to make
sure you get the sense of hitting down
hard and then once you're ready you can
move on to bigger and better tricks like
double kabooms triple kabooms whatever
else so just all about the timing and
hopefully in the slow-motion clips you
can see how easy it really is so good
luck to you guys hope this helped you
guys it's actually a really simple trick
it's just one of those tricks that takes
a while to get and you just have to
practice it until you get it perfect
because it took me about a week to get
it perfect so so yeah thank you all for
watching leave a like if you enjoyed
stay tuned for tomorrow's tutorial and
I'm out
