what's up guys I'm in pajamas and today
I'm going to be teaching you guys how to
do the Cody the reason that I'm going to
be doing it on this trampoline is so the
spring pad won't fly up in the way
whenever I'm trying to teach you guys so
let's get right into it
now the Cody is a little bit different
than most tricks because it's really
hard to build a momentum whenever you
start from nothing you're starting on
your stomach you can't really throw your
arms because you know you just have them
out in front of you now there's two ways
to start doing the Cody you can do a
belly flop into it or you can do a
backflip into it this is what the belly
flop looks like and it's what the back
hook looks like as you can see my knees
are always like this 90 degree angle
with my feet like this you do this so
that your feet don't get in the way and
that you can get more spin off of it
because you can't do it Cody if your
legs are like this you just can't do it
so that's the first thing the first
thing you've got to be able to do is
land on your stomach now this can seem
kind of scary I guess I don't know it
took me a while to do it back when I was
trying to learn a Cody but it's really
easy you just got to trust yourself
landing on your stomach it doesn't hurt
at all it's different for everybody but
I like doing the backflip into it
because I think he gives me more
momentum practice doing backflips like
this onto your knees and then whenever
you feel comfortable do a back flip and
land on your stomach
second thing don't try to land like this
and like push off your arms you're not
going to be doing any pushing off your
arms it's just going to mess you up that
does not give you any momentum it's not
doing like a castaway off the Tramp or
anything all your momentum is gonna come
from you just bouncing off your stomach
and going straight back up pulling your
legs over your head only do a Cody real
fast to show you guys what it should
look like
now as you can see I didn't push off my
hands my legs are at 90 degrees and then
I just took the momentum grab my legs
pulled right over my head it's just like
a back flip imagine your whole torso or
your feet and you're just doing a back
foot what helped me is doing it on top
of pads I would bring out cushions and
do them on top of that I don't know why
it helped me kind of pointless but it
helped me out the biggest thing is
committing because it's going to feel
like you're not going to get any spin
and you might not get very much spin
your first time but just trust that
you're going to make it over and you
probably will a lot of people have
trouble doing CODIS and they're Kody
that they're doing right now looks
something like this and they just can't
get the momentum or whatever and the
problem with this is just you're not
committing you're not driving with
everything you have watch this right now
okay it's all in committing you can't
just grab your leg and expect to do a
backflip it's not it's not just like a
regular backhoe you've got to commit and
you've got to just pull I mean look you
can do a kodi from nothing simple is
that if you're one of the people that
does not feel comfortable doing a
backflip into it you're gonna have to
get a little bit more height than normal
people would because you're not going to
have as much momentum usually I'll just
do one looking forward now so I can show
you guys that don't feel comfortable
doing a back foot
so guys this trick is actually really
easy once you just do it once you
realize how stupid it was of you to be
scared of it that's pretty much it guys
follow those steps commit and I promise
you you'll be able to do a Cody in no
time
leave it like if you enjoyed really
helps me out a lot subscribe for videos
and I'm doing a kaboom tutorial tomorrow
so stay tuned for that I'm out
