what's up guys today I'm going to be
showing you guys how to spin faster this
is going to be the start of my tutorials
week I'm doing for YouTube to try to
help some of you guys cuz I started back
when I was 7 years old no help no
coaches no anything
all self-taught now we have social media
and you can just see other people
progress and learn from what they do and
everything like that so I just thought
that I'd help you guys from what I've
learned because you know I just want to
help people it is difficult to learn
stuff without a coach or without any
help or anything so I post anything on
Instagram and I basically said comment
down below whatever tricks you want to
see and today I'm going to be teaching
you them and I'll be doing this
throughout the whole week so right now I
know I'm covering kabooms Cody's a
couple of the tricks and cork on the
ground and I still to go through and
read a couple more hope you guys enjoy
it and let's get right into it now
there's a few things that you have to do
to be able to spin faster I'm just going
to use this trampoline because it's
somewhat bouncy it's not like the best
one I have but it's pretty good the
biggest component of spinning faster is
how hard you throw your arms going into
the foot double layouts for example they
throw their arms hard they don't just go
like they all throw their arms because
throwing your arms is going to make you
spin faster tucked untuk anything like
that so if you're looking to spin faster
in a back foot whenever you throw your
arms up you're going to be throwing
yourself backwards like this now I'll do
a double backflip right now and just
show you guys that if you throw your
arms definitely get some more spin doing
that but another thing real quick is
doing a rodeo or a cowboy sock and it's
basically after you throw your arms and
you grab your legs you're going to pull
them to the side I do this pretty much
all my videos this is like the biggest
thing it will make you spin really fast
you can't really spend fast when your
legs are like this because you're doing
more of a flip that means you have more
of a ball to carry over if you're doing
this then you're a smaller thing and you
can rotate faster it's kind of our to
explain but the tighter of a ball you
are the faster you're going to spin so
here's a double backflip show you guys
I'll just do this out a little hop just
to show you guys literally it's all in
the arms and whenever you do this jerk
your legs to the side and just pull
so that was kind of a bad landing but
you guys see what I'm starting to say
throw your arms up and then once you get
them right there immediately grab your
legs pull them to the side it doesn't
matter if you're doing back flips front
flips or whatever it is next I'm gonna
show you guys spinning faster on front
flips now if you guys have anything you
can jump off like another trampoline to
shed even a ladder by your trampoline or
maybe a deck use that I'm telling you
jumping off that will definitely make
you spin faster because you're not going
to be using your energy to jump high
you're already gonna have that then you
can use your energy towards flipping
faster if you'd want to spin faster you
jump off here and the right when you hit
your throwing your arms down and
immediately grabbing your legs this is
used in like triple fronts all the time
that's what I do I mean you can start on
the Tramp to whatever but I'm telling
you guys if you follow this you're gonna
be able to do these really easy triple
fronts are basically holding the whole
time and just hoping that you don't
overshoot or undershoot you get used to
them and you know when I on tuck but the
harder you throw your arms down and the
harder you explode off your feet it's
going to go into how fast you spin for
sure but one thing you guys don't want
to do is jump off something too high
that you actually don't know how high
you are and then you overshoot your
trick or understood it if you're trying
something new so just make sure you know
how high you on the air because if I
jump off that shed it's inconsistent you
know sometimes your legs might buck a
little bit and you don't know how high
you're actually going to jump so I
wouldn't recommend jumping off something
too high to something you're comfortable
with now that we know the Tuck and to
throw your arms and everything like that
the last thing you've got to do if
you're doing front flips keep your head
down I'll show you guys a clip right now
of the fastest I've probably ever spun
actually I don't know it's pretty close
but here's the clip
and in that clip you guys can see how
fast I spin and the reason I spun that
fast
I was actually warming up to land triple
front but whenever I threw my arms I
immediately snap grab the legs pulled my
head down and I look like a little asian
diver right there
but yeah you see that I was tucked
really tight and I was driving with
everything I had to spin as fast as I
can and that's crucial for a lot of
tricks especially if you're doing
notable bounce tricks when you got to
make it over trying to spin fast is a
little bit different in CODIS and
kabooms but I'm doing those tutorials in
the next couple days so you guys will
see those because those are mostly just
how you land on the trampoline and what
you use to get your momentum not really
pulling but there is pulling involved in
that so I'll make tutorials on those
really soon I already did a triple front
flip tutorial so I'm probably not going
to do that and I've already done double
front flip in double backflip tutorial
also so if you guys want go check those
out also if you guys are learning how to
twist faster I'm just gonna go ahead and
tell you what I know of it right now
instead of making a different video
about it but what I understand of it is
how hard you are throwing your arm into
the spin goes into it so much and
keeping your leg straight kind of like
squeeze your butt cheeks I know it
sounds weird and dumb but if you squeeze
and hold I mean I still have some
trouble sometimes keep my leg straight
but if you keep them straight and point
your toes do everything I mean the
gymnasts are the ones that spin the
fastest you just got to try to look like
them kind of hard to make yourself do
that sometimes but doing a backflip into
it or maybe just like a Bharani or
something simple like that can also give
you more spin into your foot but now
I'll just do like standing back flip to
a double fold just to show you guys
doing backflips into it your arms are
already up so then you just got to snap
in hard and that can sometimes be easier
so here's a double full real fast
I haven't really been big on the
twisting stuff but I really need to get
into it soon that's basically you twist
faster and last thing before I forget
guys if you're trying to get rotations
into stuff like back pull overs or ball
outs or something like that you've got
to jump off something if you guys saw my
drip ball out attempt thing I jumped off
here into it and I spun pretty fast I
just went on the wrong trick because of
a LMS you're trying a back pole over all
you really need to do is do a backflip
into it cuz you can't get much spin
going like this but if you guys really
want to spin fast on these back hole
overs really all you got to do is do a
backflip into it and you'll spin way
faster because the momentum will be
rolling off your back and we used to
throw you into the flip so here's one so
that's a double pullover really easy
stuff now here's the double ball out
I'll show you guys fall off something do
a front flip off something do whatever
you got to do I mean it's pretty hard to
get spin if you're just doing this
because you're really relying on the
throw of your arms but here's the double
ball out just show you guys
so I haven't known one of those in
forever as you can tell so I didn't talk
pretty early but you guys see what I'm
saying
so that's related for this video you
guys hope you guys enjoyed this hope it
helped you learn and I'll see you guys
in the next video
paste
