they don't have them mom everyone I used
to be really good at kicking off my
shoes and people yeah what is going on
guys today we're back and today I hope
you're all having a great day excuse me
I hope the tan clan is having a great
day I hope you guys are smiling I have
to go put on a fake smile at another
family Thanksgiving right now so fun I
guess I'll vlog there I mean can we wash
the Crocs we can for real I need my damn
Crocs I'll worry about the croc
situation later but yesterday's video
my mom she backed her car into Kindles
dad's truck she broke a little bit of
the front of the truck and scuffed up
the back of her car come look what I do
to my car see this is a normal dirty
tire look at this one I might have been
practicing drifting and went too fast
there's a rock in between the rim and
the tire this is all scratched up it's
like breaking off there's tons of grass
in it oh yeah look another rock right
there no big deal I'll just get four new
tires because they need to anyway Oh big
Tower how I love you so much but you
serve absolutely no purpose in the
winter this is just an idea but I want
to move the tower all five storeys of it
through the side yard and put it next to
the Goliath trampoline which is the
world's freakin biggest trampolines also
in the news today I scare you my mom and
my sister are going to are gonna use it
I thought I bought that thing for a
reason I use it sometimes Thanksgiving
apparently but before I have to go to
leave for dinner I'm gonna head to the
trampoline because in yesterday's video
I said but I think for tomorrow's video
I'm going to do something with
trampoline man of my word we're doing
trampoline tricks and you better believe
I'm gonna start progressing in it I'm
getting back into flips it shows a
perfect time it's like getting freezing
out
and here's me back in the day when I was
good
we are looking back at the security
footage again
I just wish it was in frame I wish you
could actually see your car collide with
his truck it was so funny so there's me
pulling my truck into the garage this
took a while so let's skip there was my
mom pulling her car in there's quentin
getting out we just got done filming for
the video there's kindle my mom's the
only one in the car she has to back up
to get into her garage space barely
squeeze that truck in there alright so
they're walking away and all of us are
like what the hell I'm just walking I
wasn't even thinking about filming out I
was concerned do i clickbait my videos
no when I say my mom crashed her car she
crashes our call that's why I'm getting
rid of this license plate right now now
I just kidding I need to clickbait
videos more if I had a girlfriend
imagine how many subscribers I'd have
I'm getting back together with Paris
just like business not like a
relationship but we're gonna make nice
thumbnails everyone's watching are you
meeting us there nothing have a v10 in
it oh no part 2 of being a successful
youtuber be a fucking asshole
I forgot my hat at home I was like 10
years old and you look like even now I'm
just trying to drop a gear and disappear
and all these people can't choose a lane
like so I sped a little bit count behind
me
I pulled over he's coming up now yeah I
knew I was getting pulled over all right
Taylor gonna hold this hey I think I've
been pulled over by this guy before
hello Reba's recent stoppage in speed
yeah I'm sorry okay thank you he's
checking my tag right now he's looking
at it I still have never gotten a ticket
in Kansas the only ticket I've gotten is
in California we're gonna see if that
Street is broken
today it very well might be I wasn't
going like that much over the speed
limit like nine ten over and as you can
tell we're on a highway in the middle of
Kansas and it's basically empty the
dangers of speeding who should watch my
vlogs and that be something I'm pretty
sure this guy knows who I am he stood
out of the way the camera we're gonna
see if he were to be nice or not 20
minutes late now those neighbors over
their fans are waving a come on I'm
gonna miss Thanksgiving there that'll be
like why are you late I'll be like nah
you know traffic 20 minutes late down
like so I'm always calling I've been
here done that I think this is the right
address I mean the other eight cops have
pulled me over said it was fine the bad
thing about getting pulled over is
waiting because they will take their
sweet time if he doesn't give me a
ticket I'm gonna ask him if he wants
this gusty rap sticker who's calling me
hello
wait what a mom say I was going like ten
over
not yet don't know if you've ever been
told or not but you do have an illegal
tag yeah I've been told by one guy he
didn't say was illegal and said to go
ask Butler County and I didn't go do it
but they since I'm like the only one
that owned it I wanted to go talk to
them I've had the chance cuz it was
recent like I wasn't I wouldn't like
speeding or anything but I got pulled
over and I and he said that I need to go
talk to them use it for photo shoots and
stuff and I had the custom like yellow
under it but it just looks bad that's
why I had it like that the way the
Kansas State law reads your tag it
cannot be altered yet in any way yep
it's that one it is I'm not sure what
that is on their films the rap
I'm going to do today I'm gonna tag okay
if you evidence custody receipt which
you can show that if you get stopped
later on today the luggage stop you can
show them that IC is good tag okay you
do have current registration you just
have an illegal tax okay be a little bit
so how do I get my tag back what's that
you have to go get a new one that small
alter last time I don't want to take
like three months is how long it's gonna
take to get my life all right sir just
nineteen over right back with you all
right I'm gonna use the knife to get
those screws out if you want to come out
with me - vodka yeah yeah yeah I'll come
out so if you missed it um he's taking
my license plate it was kind of hard to
get on so pretty sure yeah see you can
see it's all like worn out because it
took
or they tied on there yeah the fucking
their status and
okay something here's my car don't you
get it okay
you should have read with Tristan you
would have been there by now
even the black so he is finishing up the
paperwork I don't know if I'm getting a
speeding ticket or not I mean he took my
tag and now I'm gonna have to go waste
like five hours sitting in court to get
it back so hopefully he doesn't decide
to give me a ticket on top of that this
cliff is 30 minutes long adventure
I think he's shopping on our website for
merch tea braggart calm foods gonna be
cold you know this might be too soon to
say it but I have enough for like 50
more license plates and if they keep
pulling me over and keep making me
remake it then I'm just gonna move to
California a few moments later I'm just
gonna stop the clip till he comes back
today
okay let me go change that real quick I
don't know all right he messed up on the
paperwork and he has to go back let's
add another 20 minutes to this so much
data that the old narrator got tired of
waiting and they had to hire a new one I
have this weird feeling that in the 45
minutes I've been on the side of the
road the criminals out there doing
something worse than 10 miles an hour
over on a basically empty road and
having a rap on his license plate that
is still clearly visible that matches
his car that no one else owns in the
entire frickin state Hey how you been
hey this is the guy that works at the
shop hey I'm gonna bring in my
challenger soon because I messed up the
wheel okay so if you want to fix that
for me you took my license plate and a
bunch of the BS gonna let you just clean
it off no he's gonna seize it and I have
to go to court or something nothing
he's like if you get pulled over again
just tell him I took it can we just
clean that sticker off so my friend that
works at the shop is talking to the cop
trying to get my license plate back at
least the license plate like just rip
off the rap but cop still says he's
seizing it so like I was saving this
paperwork right here says on today's
book I had the personalized plate that
way I can see that yep
down here and then the second page just
stating that here's that paper for you
thank you and what I have on here hurry
the fuck up guys drive safe sorry about
that wait no it's fine
and buy it's fine I mean what the fuck
someone warning for the speed what a
nice guy King ticket along with him
seizing my tags alright I'm a vlogger
I'm gonna stay positive bro he's gonna
go home and give that license plate to
his kid and be like happy birthday yeah
it doesn't exist because some cop took
it you just took it yeah I don't know
but we're an hour late because of it
that's my uncle Josh and that says woman
are you guys head now yeah I just got
here let's do this oh we missed out on
baseball Taylor are you coming I'll take
that as a no good bye family so I didn't
feel much it was too loud but right now
I'm going to go get my 30-day tag
because the cop expected me to go
without a license plate on this car
until I went and got it in court just
drive around without a license place so
I'm gonna go pick that up and then we're
going home by the way I apologize for
all the ranting this has been a little
bit of a triggered moment of Tanner but
just one more reason I think this is
complete BS everyone around here knows
me the only place that I Drive everyone
knows me I basically drive this car
every day everyone's seen it and the
reason the license plate thing is
illegal like you can't have a rap on is
because supposedly it's a thing that
thieves do when they steal cars that's
what they told me but every person knows
this is my car I own it I'm the only one
with it forget what the license plate
says you know I'm the only one that
drives it well there is Stanley down the
road that has the chrome pink or a I
mean it's no rose gold I guess it all
makes sense
Wow look at that way down there somebody
else this time I wonder if he's gonna be
sitting there for an hour
he's got the license plate I'm headed
home hi girls hi come here oh god oh god
oh god
well we made it back home here's my new
license plate pretty sick looks so cool
I just got the 60-day tag so that I
don't get pulled over because I don't
know why but the cop thought huh instead
of taking off the rap he can drive
around without one and get pulled over
every five minutes and besides sitting
on the side of the road for an hour or
so I had a pretty fun day pretty cool
pretty lit and I hope you guys enjoyed
experiencing it with me I'm gonna be
honest whenever I bought Luna I thought
she might end up being an ugly dog but
she is so freakin cute but we're gonna
go ahead in this video here because my
mom is out watching a movie and my
brother and sister are somewhere so I
hope you guys enjoyed it and thank you
so much for watching and don't forget
all see you guys in next one I freaking
love you Tang Clan I don't know where my
tan clan hat is
you just maybe
