you should get what's through the intro
I'm in the video oh okay
what's up guys today i bought this
six-foot balloon and now we're gonna go
fill with water and then we're gonna
jump off that shed over there and let
them on back trampoline over there where
it's gonna be right Dylan yes okay we'll
see you guys a little bit whenever we
get this thing filled yeah so this is it
whoops I don't really know how we're
gonna get the hose to do it yeah we're
gonna figure down so start it up it's
already heavy we need to fill this on
the trampoline and it's filling a little
I dare not pop I don't want to waste $30
oh it's already huge I just wanted to
pop whenever we're filling it up I think
it's good you go to you don't forget
that your stop the camera my frickin
white hands okay ah alright guys well it
already popped the water wasn't even
running it literally stopped from being
moved that little bit are you serious
so for the past four days I've been
planning to do this video where we
ordered this giant balloon filled it up
I had all the camera angles and
everything set up and we were filling it
up we were going to put on that
trampoline and then we were going to
jump off that one as high as we could
and land on our backs on it and then put
it in super slow motion for you guys and
there's a balloon setting in the
freaking tree over there because I
chucked in there cuz I'm pissed right
now we started to fill it up and I have
a little bit of footage of us filling it
up but that's it and we didn't even get
it popping on us I popped in it was like
halfway full which makes no sense
whatsoever
basically that videos out it was a fail
wasting my money wasting my time and now
I have nobody for today guys the worst
feeling ever is when you have a YouTube
video idea
you get everything planned out you start
filming and then just nothing works out
and the whole thing's ruined and then
you just can't share it with anybody
I have making vlogs whenever I'm not in
a good mood cuz I just don't feel like
it's helping anybody
and I know I just don't like being in
front of the camera whenever I'm not
happy I guess I'm just going to make
this little vlog and then go play call
of duty the rest of the night so yeah
the whole balloon idea got ruined still
not happy about that
I just want summer to be here so I can
go jump on my pool
have fun on the tramps I haven't frickin
had any fun on the tramps and forever
today I started that fun did a couple
combos here I'll put them in the video
right here
see I used to use trampoline to like get
my mind off stuff now just tricking
brings more stress like I said I don't
like being in front of a camera whenever
I'm not happy or doing something but if
you guys want to see something specific
or whatever else please leave a comment
down below I wanted to do like
handstands and Walmart kind of video but
you guys all know how Frank video 2 goes
I get one person to help no cameraman
and there's one other here's there's so
much goes into it and it never works out
so that sucks you guys are going to go
on a journey with me to my kitchen my
very dirty kitchen make some ramen
noodles or something
those cheer people up right now we're
cooking
literally shout out to my friend Matt
for the balloon idea even though it
didn't work out yeah I really need a
vlogging camera because I'm so sick of a
Canon 70d in my hand for long periods of
time this is my iPhone tripod and I
don't really know why I use that because
I have a tripod for my iPhone a little
thing that screws on carries your camera
so yeah I don't really know why I have
that but nice guys I just want to say
thanks again for all the support on my
most recent video about LMS and flips
and stuff because um for a long time a
lot of people didn't understand anything
about it and they all just wanted me to
do flips and everything like that
I just didn't respond to anybody because
I didn't want to have to sit there and
explain to everybody but I'm glad I made
the video so a lot of you guys can
understand what I've been like kind of
going through with that stuff well guys
that's Minette hope you guys enjoyed
this little bit of a vlog failure with
the balloon and I just kind of want to
make this video to explain to you guys
what's been going on lately and a little
bit other stuff so I'm going to eat my
ramen noodles and I will see you guys in
the next video peace
