hostile UAV above oh my got my car my
kid oh my god oh my god 360 random yo
oh my frickin gone
that's two tomahawks today that is to
Tom okay so that was the reaction to the
first time I got hit and before I show
you guys the second one I want to tell
you that I'm gonna be using this Twitter
right here it's gonna be for me to be
able to tweet out at you guys tell you
what I'm doing my channel if I'm gonna
be doing like zombies with subscribers
or anything like that and the reason I'm
doing this is because I don't want to
post that kind of stuff on Instagram
because I know it can get annoying so
yeah go follow me on Twitter and I'm
also gonna be following all of you guys
back to follow me cuz if you're a
supporter of me I'm definitely gonna go
follow you back on Twitter so go do it
and here's the second tomahawk yeah I
die down here I didn't see him he's like
alright so I died right there outrider
authorizing supplies holding the care
bag decided to go through a couple was
the first night I knew it was hot down
right there
all right what's gonna take a look back
at it
I'm so curious where I bet this was like
a direct hit
no way haha this is his view BAM ha ha
so that was the first one all right
let's go look at this other one this
other one I don't even know I feel about
the stuff when I was so high
so it goes over here all the way down
not off the roof right dog down oh oh
that is so sweet
I'm so happy right now do this first
time I'm doing Supply Drop opening I'm
so happy that the head rare
legendary for me droids rapid-fire
Berrien anyway guys that's been it hope
you guys enjoyed this video kind of wish
I were to hit those Tom offs before I
posted my other video but who cares
alright thank you all for watching
subscribe for more videos and I'm out
one more thing if you guys have been
wondering why I'm not saying I love you
at the end of my videos anymore it's
because it's a sausage fest in here so
bye
just kidding I love you
