what's going on guys today we're back
with Q&A number I think it's the third
one by a spanner number two because I
didn't stir using that hashtag until
last one oh my god my camera roll number
666 yeah I've got about 16 pages of
comments so let's do this
before I start the video I'm going to be
doing a zombies with subs video soon I'm
gonna be just playing zombies with
subscribers and it's gonna be cool
probably live streaming to twitch
whatever else you guys wouldn't want
that and I'll see you guys can add me on
xbox if you ever want to play um most of
time when I get on I'm just filming a
video if I am but you know I also really
want to start making call Duty videos
more because they're honestly the most
fun to film even though they don't get
that many views I have the most fun
megiddo but there's going to be all
kinds of content across my channel so
watch whatever you want hope you guys
watch it all but one more thing I'm not
going to be putting the Instagram
comments in this video it's just way too
much work to put them all through paint
and then crop them and put them in the
corner do whatever else this video is
going to be up like four hours earlier
than it would be if I didn't put the
question so with that being said let's
get right into the questions first
question CJ does flips ask are you
planning to do one certain trick at any
time soon um quad frightened to pull out
the meet up is really the only thing I
can think about Alexi smexy tall girls
or short girls which do you prefer
well I'm only like 5 7 so I guess short
girls cuz it's weirder when they're
taller than you next question straight
guys as I've said many times in my
videos I'm straight whether you have
seen me kissing a boy named Quinton in
my condo challenge videos or not I'm
straight ok what a gay guy I have call
Duty posters on this wall you know maybe
you know but I'm not gay so that's it
Elijah write 911s have you ever done
full in the answer that question is yes
once and I don't know if still to
collect probably do probably going to be
way too lazy to find it but I did a few
times barely made it over my head and
other time as I was turning out cuz I
couldn't control it back then like I'm
falling off the diving board and other
stuff and I can triple back off the
diving board 8 on one guys if I could
get a Mac in the foam pit that you could
land on not like sinking to I would let
a triple back no problem but if I did
that then to be
good triple back on garden triple and
kill yourself hahaha excuse my hair by
the way I don't it just looks really
dead because it is do a quad front on
gee tramp well that's not a question so
I'm not doing it about YouTube and stuff
I've had a couple people ask me why I
run ads my videos joy like I only care
about money and stuff I hope you guys
know that I make like no money off
youtube when I do make money it's from
selling fail clips to news media's
that's like the biggest moneymaker it's
just me landing on my head so and on the
screen right now you'll see that all my
biggest videos that have the most views
are all copyrighted which means that I
don't make any money off of the people
that made the song get all the money and
my camera is still in good standing
somehow and I've already saved them all
in case something happens to it like the
weekend with Luke Brogan videos like a
ton of copyright on it but yeah guys I
don't make a lot of money off youtube
and any money I do make pretty much goes
right back into it the ring light and
everything else so yeah I've seen about
50 comments telling me to triple back
and asking when I'm gonna do a triple
back Ian I don't want to triple back
again I barely made it once that was
like the highest height that I was
comfortable at the thing is there's
little kids right now and there's just
tons of other flippers that are doing
triple backs and other stuff just laying
straight on their neck and they get up
and they be able to do it again like
when I do that and I get hurt on a trick
I don't know if it's just like my body
type or whatever I'm like laying there
trying to breathe because it hurts so
bad like I don't know lo Carlson asks if
you can go to any gym what gym would you
go to I would definitely go to insanity
in Florida has like a massive euro train
next to a foam pit with bars and
everything that'd be so sweet I would
definitely do quad back quad front and
yeah brain invest ring are you popular
at your school um I don't really care
about popularity at all I guess I sit
with the cool kids and stuff at lunch
and I'm friends with a lot of the most
popular people at my school and I hang
out with them and they're cool and all
but then I'm also friends with people
that are just like normal you know I
don't know I don't know it seems like a
lot of people that think they're cool
think they're better and that makes them
a dick
Jackson Perry can you double side flip
yes I can double side flip and
hardly ever do them because now when I
do them I usually turn to a front flip
because I can't freakin control where I
am but yeah if you watch my Tannenberg
are through the years video you would
see a double side flip in there
Declan woods asked can I see a video of
you flipping when you were young um
again
go watch the Tanner Brawn grow through
the years video Xbox or Playstation I
don't know PlayStation gets the map
packs first but PlayStation controllers
are like this big like you have to sit
there and do that Xbox they have normal
size controllers that fit adult hands I
don't know it's just way more
comfortable to me than just like the
little so yeah obey cierra asked what do
you like better Xbox 360 or Xbox one
Xbox 360 had the simplest party chat
system ever
I mean Xbox 360 was simple you could
export your audio anywhere so I would
already be able to record party chats
voice I would already have so much more
Call of Duty videos up feistel played on
Xbox 360 but Xbox one has the system
door you can record the last 30 seconds
and you can also like hit the home
button during your game and then you can
just go right back into it instead of
having to restart the whole thing plus
the controller structure which was just
like really comfortable so I guess Xbox
one but they need to fix all the stuff
because they pretty much just made
everything more complicated when they
made the stupid Xbox one probably why so
many people went to ps4 Evan underscore
honam asked who's your boyfriend
I'm not freaking gay okay oh my god
Lucas hey Lucas shade Luke Lucas hey
slicked back your hair you think I
freaking won did
I like this how did your first double
backflip go ask salamander 2016 um if
you'd go watch my first double backflip
attend video on youtube you'd find
readout CVO 912 i don't know if you got
this question yet but what is your
favorite color of duty game I'm done
with this hair holy crap
my all-time favorite Call of Duty game
you already know it
call of duty black ops 1 the single best
call duty that will ever be made in my
opinion I have two more of those by the
way I have gone through so many because
I used to bring them to school so I
could go play at my my dad's house after
school
ok I've given up on my hair looking good
Ian's phone a are you into girls who
know their memes usually the most
attractive trait in my eyes you know
what yeah I mean you have to know your
dank memes just like a common thang
girls need to get down Juliana Foy what
is the funniest thing you have ever done
such said well I'm really good joke I
told a while ago was that I was
straitened yeah she underscored goed age
22 what's your perfect girl I think I've
already answered this with a picture of
Sadie Robertson but yeah brunette short
funny not crazy cool goat age 22 again
celebrity crush question mark I'm about
to get a poster of Kate Upton right back
there actually JK but that actually you
know what I'm gonna do that I'm gonna
I'm gonna call my mom right now and I'm
gonna tell her yeah hey um can i order
this poster tonight
um it's of Kate Upton and like her boobs
hanging on everything so I was actually
just saying this for a YouTube video but
yeah I'm probably actually gonna buy one
so make it like planting a little bit
yeah it's gonna be the one of her like
sucking the popsicle but her swimsuit
matches the popsicle
why it's like them okay whatever I'm
gonna buy it though
bye yeah my room's too full called duty
I need some Kate Upton today's by the
way you're welcome for putting that
picture up so yeah either Kate Upton
Sadie Robertson Savannah Montana and Lea
Marie Johnson Jascha falter do your
neighbors across the street with the
trampoline ever come do flips with you
no I've always wondered how many kids
just like walk through my open fence and
get on my trampoline in the middle and I
for all I know there's midgets running
through my yard in the middle and I jump
it on the Tramp throwing quad backs
doing world's first they don't have a
camera to show it and prove it Matthew
Johnson how do you get your videos from
your computer to your phone Microsoft
onedrive Sam underscore rincon bah could
you do more call of Booty trick shotting
vids with subs yes as soon as I figure
out how to record I'm probably gonna
have to use Skype to record other
people's voices but I really want to do
zombies with subs trickshotting with
subs and funny moments just all kind of
stuff um yeah I just wish more people
watched my gaming videos seriously
Gaming is fun I don't get I don't know
but yes I will do more invincible
underscore flipper ass win will you
travel to New York mile travel to New
York when I travel to New York who's
your hottest relative definitely my
cousin Owen how comfy is your bed so
comfy
