what's going on guys today I'm joined
with my friend Quentin aka wee wee hee
hee hee my name used to be the left ball
so yeah oh my god random kids join in
the game and we can't trick shot but
anyway we're gonna be doing trick shots
today while I tell you a story about how
this happened
yeah so basically I was in fifth grade
and my dad was out at the grocery store
and it was just me and my brother my
sister home we're all sitting in the
living room watching Spongebob some
pendent crap and I was sitting on a
stool because we had lunch of barstools
and my brother decided to be an idiot
and breathe in my face and so I slapped
him and when I slapped him it broke a
piece off of his glasses and I knew he'd
be pretty mad so so I ran into my dad
like he chased me around the house for a
little bit and then after he chased me
around the house we ended up going into
my dad's room where I jumped on the bed
and after I jumped on the bed my brother
jumped up there too and I jumped off the
bed into the bathroom to get away from
him but whenever I jumped he pulled back
on my arm and I landed somehow cutting
my thigh and two parts on I cut the
front of my leg and then my my thigh on
the file cabinet right by the door no
idea how it happened anyway I thought
I'd broke my leg and during this whole
time I was just running around the house
like ice cream and I was like oh I swear
broke my leg and then I hopped into the
living room where I laid down on this
this blanket and my brother I was like
cold dad call dad because you know I'm
kind of sitting there with my
two inches deep so I told my brother to
call my dad and he went to go get his
phone and his phone's dead
so I said okay go get that neighbor he
said I don't want to disturb the
neighbors as I'm sitting there with two
giant cuts in my leg he doesn't want to
disturb the neighbors and so my little
sister has to go over there to go get
the neighbor because my brother's too
scared and she ended up being held nurse
so that worked out a little bit and I
swear when if you kill one more I'll
kill you
so yeah anyway my sister had to go get
the old nurse that lived next door as
I'm sitting there bleeding hurting
horribly bad I didn't cry at all because
I didn't know what I was like in shock I
was just standing like because at first
I looked down and I saw the cut on my
front of my leg and I was like oh crap
and then I was like freaking out a
little bit and then whenever I looked
down to my right because I would notice
like my thigh was hurting a little bit
I looked down and saw all the blood on
my white shorts and I'm just freaking
out and I had no idea what to do so
that's when I told my my brother to go
with the neighbor and then after my
sister I'd to go get the neighbor she
came over she told my dad dad came home
from the grocery store not too happy
and then the heck was that and then
basically I just went to the hospital
and there's where I took that picture
yeah so I I ruined my pair of shorts and
I haven't had a single trick shot this
game which makes me kind of depressed
but it's hard to trickshot and tell a
story and then I had to get like 13
stitches in one of them and then only
like six and the smaller one and then
after that I just went back to school
because this was on the Frye the first
Saturday of Spring Break
and so I didn't get to do anything that
spring break guys wanna see something
funny watch this one of those together
that one's gonna hit Johnny's you're
cute dang I suck at trick shotting yet I
can't get tomahawks like they're nothing
I need to make the Tom Locke montage for
this game I when they have like six of
them I can't find a whole bunch I had at
least three more trick shots or at least
three more Tom oxide no idea where they
are so and there's me on 123 and then
Quentin going 49 to 20 because
apparently trick shot means calling your
GI unit my cousin Logan if you guys saw
him in my insane dad skit thing he's
accident-prone as well so okay whatever
I'm just gonna keep playing till I hit a
trickshot because that's what we're
gonna do
yeah yeah I know a bit join the game you
defy anything really good I'm gonna my
end it I'm gonna try to have wall run
360 and then throw the Tom walk out come
on hit
you guys don't know how hard it is to
play call of duty with a giant ring
light in your face oh that would be so
sick if it hit though it's not like
they're gonna move you guys know what
it's like to church out with somebody
and then they go in and they just kill
we should want to kill yourself a little
all right it's it's time
yo yo no way the head no frickin way the
head oh my god oh my god no what that
bastard know yeah what happened oh my
god since a kid moved the flag it into
work dude I don't even care if that was
on private mattress I was so sick I will
I will put it in but now I can't get
this kill can that would have been so
cool this is why I don't play with
people when I film my videos cuz they're
all Terps I'm gonna kick these kids and
we'll keep playing I had somebody DM me
on Instagram
either yesterday of the day before and
he suggested a video idea where we knock
on people's doors and we asked them if
we can use their trampoline and just
like a spring jump on it I guess and
then go in the backyard and have them
watch and then we'll like do triples on
it and see the reactions but I feel like
people even if they did let us go on the
trampolines they wouldn't go like watch
us do tricks they'd probably be like
sure do one thing and leave or some crap
like that if they even would let us on
so and in my next call duty video I'm
probably gonna do zombies because I
don't like to do zombies I really wanna
do zombies alright so that kids first
try if that is first try I'm losing it
oh my god
yes oh my god dude that was so sick no I
didn't show my 360 that was still sick
though haha anyway guys this has been
another culture the story me messing
around if you guys know how to make me
be able to record people in the lobbies
voices let me know so you guys can hear
them yeah guys that's been it see you
guys in the next video thank you for
watching we would like for you enjoyed
and subscribe and I love you
