what's up guys today I'm going to be
doing 25 facts about me because we had
2,000 subscribers so thank you all so
much for watching my videos and
subscribing because where are the two
thirds of our way to 3000 subscribers
which is my goal for down 16 so and I
feel like a lot of you guys only know me
for my flips and stuff so that's really
all you know about me
maybe that's all you do want to know
about me so you can click off this video
just kidding but uh yeah thank you all
so much and let's get right into it
number one I'm completely self-taught I
have never been a gymnast I've never
been a diver I've never done any of that
unless you count me being one for a
month and going to like three practices
where they wouldn't let me do a backflip
I'd so I did a backflip on the tumble
track one time and the guy was like
that's not a backflip because I just
threw my head back apparently that's
like horrible which I understand now
it's kind of hard to do if you throw
your head back but you know what I was
happy with it and he made me sad because
I was like 11 years old so yeah I'm
completely self-taught and I don't
really find anything wrong with that I
hate it when people bag on it so screw
you if you do number two I played almost
every sport until I was 12 years old I
think is when I stopped uh yeah that
year I only wrestled because my parents
wanted me to but yeah I played baseball
I played basketball I played soccer I
did wrestling I did all this and I have
like 80 trophies up in there and then I
have a bunch of medals and a couple of
wrestling brackets and a bunch of
pictures but I don't want to go get
those out because I put them on my
college in for a reason because I don't
care about him I mean I enjoy playing
sports all the time but yeah now I don't
really care anymore so that's that
number three I played guitar for two
years starting when I was eight years
old I loved rock and roll
I loved Guitar Hero the video game and I
just really wanted to be able to play
guitar by myself which I still do today
but I quit when I was ten I made a deal
with my mom that I had to play for two
years and I just really wanted to quit
because I was sick of it I mean not to
toot my own horn but I'm pretty good
that definitely wasn't me playing by the
way number four I've never broken a bone
in my life unless you count my pinky toe
getting out of that waterbed back there
in seventh grade I was getting out of my
waterbed and my toe got like trapped in
it as I got off and yeah but I have to
warn ligaments kicking a soccer ball at
same time instead of kid my leg like
bent back and then it went all crazy and
yeah it hurt
fan your ligaments is probably worse
than breaking a bone but number five my
favorite movies are the Pirates of the
Caribbean rocky for a thousand words and
scooby-doo too because who doesn't love
scooby-doo if I could live in another
time it would definitely be the 1980s
because it just looked like a party and
they had good music and this is today's
music so fuck I had you bunch of lagging
see me in anything good guys no idea
dragon I think there's blood coming out
of my ear number seven I started doing
YouTube videos back in 2011 I was ten
and ever I got my channel and I just
posted flipping videos me they all suck
but I still have a couple be private on
my channel and I'll probably make a
video of me going over them so yeah
number eight I've never traveled outside
of the United States and I really want
to I really want to go to Sweden see the
Northern Lights and yeah why is
technically in the United States but I'm
going there this June and I can't wait
number nine my parents got divorced when
I was four years old and it didn't
really affect me that much because I was
pretty young I didn't really care and I
got two birthdays and if you guys seen
my Christmas vlog I get like eight
Christmases now I left out like three
Christmases so you better ask your
parents to get divorced number ten I'm
straight
number eleven I have never drinkin any
alcohol I've never smoked anything and
whenever I've gotten sick I've hated
being sick and everything like that so
I've just decided you know why would I
want to do something that would help my
chances of getting sick and making me
unhealthy especially when you do stuff
like I do you know flipping and stuff
like that don't want to ruin your body
because flips already hard enough on
your body and then if you're ruining the
inside too then you're really screwed so
don't do drugs
hashtag be like tanner 2016 number
twelve my feet are a size ten
and that has no correlation to my penis
size 13 I'm currently 5 feet 7 inches
my doctor said so 14 I'm the middle
child of an older brother and a younger
sister and I fight with my older brother
all the time me and my sister kind of
get along but it's mostly when my
brother blasts this crap mom did gagging
I'm starting to feel I got 15 I want to
go skydiving horribly I've always wanted
to skydive that just sounds like
something amazing but you have to be
like 18 I think they opted 18 I might be
wrong might be 16 I'm Oh anyway I really
want to go skydiving because you'd get a
fall for a long time and then live
through it so I'd be I'd be pretty cool
whenever I get to the age limit I'm
gonna I'm definitely gonna do that and
I'll make a video about it so stay tuned
16 my dream house would be out in the
wilderness cliffside by a lake or an
ocean or something I don't even know
where as long as it was just kind of
chill I could just relax by the fire and
wake up and go cliff jumping and that
would just be awesome 17 I eat all day
long and I gain no weight but then
people are like oh my god you're so
skinny and all this stupid crap but I
couldn't gain weight if I tried but I
really don't want to try cause I'm happy
with how I look right now
mm-hm and whenever I'm older I'm gonna
be skinnier and then their current body
type is just gonna make them kind of fat
unless they take care of themselves
which I doubt will happen 18 I suck at
and hate drawing um I have no talent in
art I'm in a drawing class right now
that's like an advanced class with
whatever he calls it and I suck at it
and the only reason I'm doing alright in
there is because I look at the picture
I'm drawing and spend like two hours on
it to make sure it looks exactly like it
so yeah 19 we've had two dogs and one
cat I'm pretty sure my mom gave like two
to three way and one ran away so yeah we
don't have any pets and probably won't
get any because we have nobody here all
the time my mom's always working we're
always at school doing stuff so yeah
number 20 I can make the ugliest faces
you would ever imagine
just ask my close friends or my family
they definitely tell you it'd probably
send you some pictures and then you
would unsubscribe and never talk to me
again number 21 when I close my eyes in
the shower I feel like I'm going to get
murdered I don't know why but whenever I
call
my eyes and I'm sitting there getting
the shampoo out of my hair
I just feel like somebody's gonna jerk
open the curtain and stab me number 22
I've always been the youngest in my
class and I've always looked really
young compared to everybody in my class
but when they're older and I'm older
I'll still be looking fresh so screw you
all number 23
I hate roller coasters I hate not being
in control of what I'm doing where
you're in control you know you don't
count on anybody else and I don't like
putting my life in control of some metal
I hate roller coasters and you should
too number 24 I used to skateboard when
I was younger a lot and I could do like
a kickflip and pop shuvit and a couple
other things but that kind of stopped
whenever I started flipping I just
stopped the other one I'll be here
filming video thanks for interrupting
and number 25 I used to love WWE the
wrestling stuff this yeah I used to
watch that every night I'd record it and
I went to like to Debbie Debbie events
one was raw and one was Smackdown and
basically I was in love with this guy
named Ray Mysterio where he'd do the six
one nine I just like freak out then when
somebody told me it was fake in fourth
grade I got really mad it was in library
so yeah guys that's minute thank you all
again for 2000 subscribers
uh this has been a 2,000 subscriber kind
of special thing hopefully you guys
learned a little bit more about me and
yeah I love you
