okay it's too late now son should have
done your homework no it's not and I
hate homework okay
do that same no be like mad okay there's
going yeah I can still do my homework
though come on do it yeah yeah what it
we open it yeah there we go baby now
it's gonna lie real good let's do this
come on light for me I'm sorry mom music
/ this I can use Oh Logan to get next to
like his face like frying yeah yeah yeah
yeah alright let it get in focus act
like your heart could get closer you
need to get way closer this gonna be a
thumb baby small look good yeah no it's
it can't find it all blanket did this
smell so bad it's green wait wait what's
on your cycle oh yeah just go this way
to smell it it smells so bad everybody
battery acid and the lighter fluid mix
I'd make for good cereal starter up no
we actually went through a lot
hey start it up meaning the cameraman is
a very hard job yeah does it get tough
real tough
guys good now get my socks wet here's
water in my driveway let's you need
Thanks
well there goes my $300 hope you guys
like this video if you did leave a like
subscribe a big thanks to my cousin
Logan for being my son for an hour or
two so yeah we've liked you enjoyed
scrap more videos and I love you
