what's going on guys today I'm with the
best boyfriend in the way I'll restart I
wasn't ready
um today we are on my phone okay for
everybody thinking this follow rap is
for likes and followers or some stupid
crap look okay you can see who blocked
you and all this other stupid crap which
I don't know why six people blocked me
yeah I don't know but check this out
look how many people unfollowed me 2133
people unfollowed me
alright anyway we're gonna go on a
snapchat now there's you again I love
YouTube videos well thank you lexy with
a star that I don't know how I got there
and just yeah what does it say that's a
very cute squirrel it's Jerome boy Dylan
flips he flips don't get it confused
with the doing this is nice
self-promoting faster do you think
you're going my video well you are i
many a bum who you wanna oh that's what
I was thinking
he's from Sweden I can tell by his hair
oh oh
these invasive Ian oh yeah we're gonna
snap here some of these kids back see
this stupid crap yeah a bunch of blue
ones gotta hate
I'll take him off your hands no ouch I'm
target he's on from home aren't Hughes
line
No yeah no no no you're not gonna be in
my video it's just out of control I want
to do are you cheating on me I thought I
was your high street you are what are we
at like 54 57 okay see we're not allowed
to wear that stuff in our school because
we can't show off her goddamn guns Joe
uh yes I'll be doing that pretty soon
I'm gonna get my quads down once I
learned how to do a single I'll do it
they're from gir do you have a pet no I
don't oh oh uh why I've years hold down
on it and you can press like settings
you piss block its name by the way
okay loud no what is the end where's you
ask me what he's gonna be in because you
opened this you will get kissed on
Valentine's another person you love her
like oh say taken tickled to death I
don't get it really but okay guys thank
you all for watching this videos gonna
be a shorter video cuz yesterday I
recorded a video and I didn't really
record it cuz I forgot to hit record but
yeah so you didn't record it no I didn't
yeah anyway thank you for watching
subscribe for more videos leave like if
you enjoyed and I love you
