okay before we get into this vlog you
guys know her our website has been off
and on like up and down and there's been
problems so we said that we're gonna
hold the promotion throughout the end of
the weekend because it was Black Friday
and then people couldn't get on the
website and blah blah blah so my mom's
here to speak words before the vlog
starts basically the websites back up
has been for a while now and we're
honoring the free signed poster through
midnight tonight and that's midnight
central Daylight Time and then starting
at midnight will do the will switch see
if you spend a hundred bucks you get the
free and what about I won't be running
specials throughout the holiday season
so pay attention you know as it goes
along
follow the I'll be coming you to get
most up-to-date information is the
Instagram page at T Braunger official
that's it for today's announcement okay
before I say what's going on guys today
we're back and today I'm glad you were
naked goodnight today we're back and I
hope you guys are all having a great day
thank you I freaking hate having to wear
these flip-flops because my Crocs are
still gross and I can't wear them
because they're saying but today we are
actually filming the music video for the
song Kindle and I made I have my robe on
deck of course what else was I gonna
wear it actually didn't get ruined from
the desert but before Kendall gets here
I want to learn how to drift in my RA I
kinda know how to do it in my Challenger
I can do it on like a dirt road I can
hold that drift for like 15 seconds I
got to get better I got to get more
comfortable I got to become a
professional racer and the only way I'm
gonna do that is if I go in the skirt
mobile that is not the name of my car
talk to one of my friends and she says
that I should name it Vanessa Vanessa
the v10 all right I would probably
forget to call it that but I'm not gonna
forget to call you guys it's it's right
there and also I don't have a release
date for the music video yeah I'm just
going to edit it as fast as I can
after we'd film it but these things take
time I wanted to be as good as it can be
and I have a racing shirt on with a
bunch of logos on
the neighbor way people about and there
is something that I have to pick up for
the music video it goes kaboom but we
gotta watch out for a policeman ah ah
that will work just fine
so guys this is Jake he's come over and
jump my trampoline it's actually the
neighbor of my dad's house
we're over here right now I went to
school with her her name's Emily and her
dad had a bunch of fireworks and we're
gonna be using them in the music video
today but I thought I'd take Jake on
alright you ready I'm trying to learn
how to drift still you want a vlog
perfect a church parking lot let's do it
okay that's a lot of smoke we're out of
here sorry about the black lines I'll
come clean it later you gotta film a
music video it's written hi JK it's just
an old man because that's all they drive
I got the goodies my sister made me
realize yesterday I have a voice for
Rose and Luna I knew I have one for Luna
Lunas is yeah and then roses is wrote a
rose
hey I'm gonna need that to clean my car
give it give it give it give it give it
it's got to be clean for the music video
Luna all right yep she's gone she's
gonna bury it it's dead just like this
plunger rest in peace he was so good at
flips okay
hey you're here early
alright that's why I love you I'm sorry
to say this but I'm going to be washing
my car normally guys not in my underwear
or almost naked Oh shush
Oh oh no we forgot one she's basically
cleaned the tires had a lot of dirt on
them but I freakin drifted them off fam
and Kendall's on the way he'll be here
in a little bit and then we're gonna
start filming the music video I've
talked about it eight times it's
happening okay guys here's the options
the wardrobe department yeah we don't
know what to wear and the choices are so
- I know those are blue jeans if the
song is about Kansas the robe is
definitely going in the video but oh
that's my sunset vibes are coming out
check the fit Sam black Easy's he's got
the old school jacket on WSU its Wichita
my challenger is dirty we'll use that
for a shot I think also use my truck
it's better that it's dirty I know don't
get him go get him no no you guys are
just best friends
we just got the thumbnail Thank You
Quentin we had to get that first because
the Sun will go down a little the video
can be in the dark you know wardrobe
change again yeah there's kids playing
outside over there and update I just
broke my freaking legs if I tried to
gain her off that little guy and then I
had to make it over that and I'm in
jeans and Yeezys and I'm cold so I
almost died but it's okay my mom's
getting me ibuprofen it's really hard to
vlog and focus on the music video so I'm
gonna focus on the music video it's top
priority I will just continue the vlog
whenever done so vrb unless there's me
breaking my leg again no this is going
in a vlog today my mom just hit Kindles
dad's truck are you mad no some mind
can't nobody thing is like two seconds
ago I almost hit it with my RA putting
my alright right now that would have
been bad yeah I would have cried so
that's already needed a new bumper
thanks to Tristan's low
anyway this is already been hit anyway I
did this and then the to the Camaro had
already been backed into a garage you're
stupid it is a sturdy steel ow does it
sound and I was like something got messy
and it really shook yeah and it's
getting dark Kindles going home we
filmed a lot and this video is going to
take forever to edit I'm gonna make it's
a great way to end the video you know at
least my partying and it was a bang
that's a great day with a literal bang
it was cool didn't go problem with beeps
you rely on the beep Sam and they don't
go off your spirit told my mom and I
checked the footage of her hitting
Kindles dad's truck and we couldn't find
it it was out of frame so there's no
video footage but she did hit it it was
loud it was funny so we ended up with a
pan of mayo there's only one more scene
we gotta film and it is the fireworks
scene my mom says I'm not doing it at
our house nice so we'll drive somewhere
and do that at night they say when we
were gonna film the music video I was
like yeah I can have a better hair day
and today's the day look at it oh my god
she's so cute I know I always feel my
dog sleeping but they're just so
freaking cute like who wouldn't want to
see this this is my favorite thing to
edit in the world I'm about to go get
some dinner you want to go outside or
you want to sleep I don't know if I
trust you in here I trust you rose
you're a good dog oh yeah she's staying
asleep well I'm gonna BRB I look like a
biker holy crap I actually do I like it
oh my god I might take it selfies but I
think for tomorrow's video I'm going to
do something with trampoline and I'm
also gonna take you guys with me because
I'm going to surprise Paris with
something very special I haven't talked
about her or putting her on the vlog for
a while but we're still friends I still
talk to her sadly I cannot rock and roll
with the RA I have to go down her crappy
road so I'm taking my Challenger it's
already dirty
and I'm gonna have to stop by Walmart
for the thing okay so I was gonna play a
little goof on you guys and Paris I was
gonna get a Ring Pop and then like
walking around me like a surprise get on
one knee maybe I don't know it'd have
been cringy what she does like chocolate
milk so I got her a real present a bunch
of chocolate syrup and we're almost
through her house there's a freaking
train
hello colonel Colonel light I got you a
late birthday present I was gonna bug
you but here's some chocolates oh oh
forgot you got your braces off
smile big go go yeah cool good job yeah
I wanted to I everybody know we're still
friends she's in a mood
okay there's your gift good night say
good night
thank you now I remember why I broke up
with her did you hear that
okay good see ya last but not least I
snuck into Dylan's house I was gonna say
what's up to him he hasn't been in the
vlogging a little bit but he's not here
rats but before I head out of here the
flip King from the meet up he's the
young one that landed quadruple front
flips you know him he just did the
world's first quintuple front flip on a
garden trampoline which is a backyard
trampoline which means just look at it
oh my god
if I tried that I would have died but
yeah we are gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoy
didn't thank you so much watching
another day in the kind of lit light of
Tanner bragging Argan er don't really
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and I'll
see you guys next time
you just maybe
