what's going on guys I might be hanging
out with Jake and if I do we're gonna
have another mattress stash here and
it's going to be a beast gonna go get a
haircut well my hair is cut and you
probably can't even really tell
alright guys even in winter there is
spikes in the ground so guys I went on
snapchat earlier today I was looking
through all the snapchat stores and
stuff I'll show you guys it in a second
but it said doing a P o box opening
later and had a picture of all the the
packages in mine was in it and now I'm
really happy because I'm probably gonna
be in-phase drugs video and I don't know
what to eat just a bunch of freaking
beer and applesauce and yogurt okay guys
I just hope my phone it says phase drug
posted a video and the caption of the
video is someone really sent me this dot
dot dot oh god what if it was mine
that'd be so funny all right what's test
let's go watch it I'm so excited to see
this come on on Oh somebody said I'm a
Ouija board from all of his ghost
hunting videos I have a feeling that
somebody's gonna come in and make a
bunch of noise so we're gonna go to my
room
yes it's loaded do you don't I'm gonna
be so happy if you open my package if he
says my name in it and like gets my
youtube channel noticed I'll probably
cry no yes my khaki guys I'm sorry
Bosnia interrupt his life look look at
God dangit bosley alright this one's
from tanner
KS KS is that Kansas yes row K Tanner
from Kansas I'm hoping you're from
Kansas tanner I'm pretty excited here
alright let's open up the no Chris
technically owe me a condom
dear fazer I wanted to leave Yelp and a
huge fan of your videos for a long time
that you're one of my inspirations to
make my own videos hope this kit gives
you something to wear it to your next
red carpet event sincerely Ken yeah
there's a shirt in my lab let's take a
look I left an origami min I'm so
excited
I shouldn't like going out t-shirt this
is this is my going out t-shirt
yes I'm definitely gonna wear this for
my next red carpet event Tanner this is
a great combination right here a condom
and a new shirt thank you so much Tanner
shoutout to you next up we go guys it's
official we made it I just think you
didn't know how to say my last name so
didn't save I don't really care I'm just
happy I got in the video this is so
awesome I'm gonna watch the rest of this
and go get my phone charger oh my gosh
I'm so actually we're in a comment right
now we're gonna comment right now I'm
like so happy right now
for those of you that's on my world of
folks video I made that for the owner of
world flips Elijah and then he was going
to shut me on an Instagram so we're
doing like kind of like a collage you
know like it wasn't really a shout out
for shout out because I do want that
video my channel and I'm proud that it
is on my channel and I'm definitely
gonna leave it on my channel but yeah so
I'm waiting for that shout out Elijah if
you're watching this video faze rug open
mic on demand sure yeah so yeah guys
that condom was from the condom
challenge so we had like that one and I
have like one more and they're still in
my closet so my guess is that we have
nothing in this entire house it's gonna
help me fix my hair but we're going to
some Chinese restaurants so I'm gonna
try faze rug just reply to me on YouTube
I am like I don't know I've always loved
his videos it means a lot you're not
watching this but I don't care
Thank You faze rug your really cool guy
if you guys don't watch faze drugs
videos definitely go check them out
because he's honestly one of the most
entertaining youtubers the in my opinion
dude now there's gonna be like 80
comments on this I guarantee this gets
top comment now that he replied
beautiful night out I love it when the
Sun set like that guys we have literally
made it we've made it
on YouTube because phase drug is replied
my hair looks retarded I don't even care
because I'm happy
firetruck I recorded my reaction and I'm
posting a video of it later tonight
let's get the heart in there oh yeah
check this out check this out
alright so my mom got a new mattress but
check this out I got her old one and
it's a freaking king-sized mattress
definitely going to use this at the
meetup and everything else if we do make
the foam pit for the flips and stuff
then I'm gonna use that and I can't wait
while is there so many fire trucks going
by this is not good not good at all so
what's really weird is that it's like
sixty degrees out today it was like fine
everything fire trucks going back what
the heck make up your minds
anyway yeah we it's like perfectly fine
weather out ice or black stuff falling
from trees I just look at this look at
this I'm gonna find I'm gonna follow
some there's black stuff falling all
over the sky what the heck is this do
that's ash like something's burning near
what is falling from the sky
what the heck yeah that's ash yeah it's
like 60 70 degrees out right now and
there's a chance of a major snow storm
within the next couple of days and look
at there's so much of this alright I'm
done
so my comments already like top comment
on drugs video and I'm so happy I mean
like besides all the bullcrap like like
this and for 69 years a good luck and
all that crap my comment is up there at
the top and as getting like eight
replies every few seconds some guy said
he already watched my videos which is
kind of crazy oh my gosh my dad's taking
forever I've been sitting out in the
driveway with a camera freaking looking
like a goon for about ten minutes now
well it's about freakin time
guess what
that's freaking what what I'm in phase
drugs video and he replied to me and my
my comments like top comment and he
opened it and he got my condom and
everything so hey I know I'm like
practically in phase now yeah it's true
no let's go look at that sunset so my
sister went on her phone and my comment
is at the top and I'm happy
oh we here at Beijing yeah dad I'm a
youtuber this is what we do what are
they gonna do take it away for so we're
predicted to get how many inches of snow
we're supposed to get seven guys if it
snows seven inches I'm doing a double
backflip outside what do you have to say
about that I really don't care huh I'll
do this one I'm looking it suit my
fortune is keep your plans secret for
now it doesn't focus you new here
what's the same your smile its
attracting everyone around you no it's
not here's mine simplicity and clarity
should be your theme in dress do you
keep it your way yeah and you've got a
freaking moon on you any simple not a
moon it's a paint bucket a we have one
with a man on it no we don't dance turn
you have an unusual equipment for
success use it properly now that I'm
almost 43 you decide to send a shit to
me alright so you're a little bit let's
get out
all right we're going in Dairy Queen
we are back home and it's now time to
wait for my mom and Jake to get here so
that I'll be going to my mom's house and
after I go to my mom's me and Jake will
probably have a mattress session video
and all that but that'll be out tomorrow
at a separate video so what do you have
to say Taylor um I'm gonna have to end
the video here because we are going to
go to my mom's house and we're gonna
make a mattress session video and I got
to edit this tonight I don't know if
this is going to be out tonight or
tomorrow depends on I don't know I don't
really want to post it lace is already
like 9 o'clock but yeah so thank you all
for watching subscribe for more videos
let me get in the headlights real fast
and I love you
