what's up guys today I'm doing an
Instagram question and answer part two
without wasting any time let's go to the
questions that's me alright
293 comments be right back I'm going to
screenshot these again so it doesn't
keep glitching out
we now have screenshots okay first
question would you turn a gay for me now
can you do a backflip on a roof or any
flip where did your brother get his boob
got it from a store by where I live and
it's called Spencer's so yeah they just
sell like penises and yeah where do you
see yourself in 10 years time I don't
really know it's a hard question but I
can tell you where I want to be which is
in California making videos and having
fun and enjoying the first part of my
life that'd be pretty sweet so yeah I
don't really know but that'd be really
cool can you please go into your
sister's room for this video so she will
be angry Oh Taylor who's not home right
now well that kind of ruins it oh well
alright we're back
how many nipples do you have dude I've
got the same amount of nipples as you do
all three of them are you gonna quad
front on ji tramp if I do quad front it
will be at the meetup not sure if I'm
going to do it into my pool or on tramp
or both or whatever but I don't want to
make any promises and then not pull
through but probably how long have you
been flipping since I was seven years
old ugly and lived forever or super sexy
and died in a year I wouldn't want to
live forever or die in a year so be
right back sickest trick you've done on
garden trampoline hey I don't know I've
done triple back but I didn't land it
I've landed triple front I don't really
know I don't know it all actually are
your nipples perky look man I don't know
you tell me
can you tell your mom I love her no I
can't I will be able to when she calls
back during this video because I know
she will are you gonna do back off your
shed yet well with all the snow out
there now hey mom
Rhys loves you I mean not Rhys Caleb
oh no he wanted me to say it in the
question and answer video so there you
go alright sweetie bye thanks love you
too well there you have a Caleb I mean
Rhys I mean Caleb that's Caleb Luke's
friend whenever I went to Luke's house I
called him Rhys repeatedly this is Rhys
and this is Caleb please tell me they
don't look exactly the same Oh call from
random number let's answer it hello hi
oh yeah well it'll be a minute though
yeah I'm not Cassandra don't call me
again
how do you get so many followers on
Instagram do flips that almost get you
killed and then people become interested
just kidding just do your own thing
because eventually you're going to get
real fans I like what you do and then
you're going to like what you do and
then it's going to be awesome if you
could witness any event of the past
present or future what would it be
I want to witness the rapture because I
just want to see everybody naked where
did you quad front at a gym named a v8
dream job besides YouTube if I couldn't
do YouTube I'd either be a graphic
designer a photographer or a stuntman
one of those three how many licks does
it take to finish the ice cream cone I'm
not gonna lick an ice cream cone
ten thousand nine hundred and eighty
four Jacob or Jacob hmm definitely Jacob
how did you overcome your fear at the
triple front flip well your first one
might go a little bit like this and then
after that you realise you need to hold
the whole time or else it hurts
why don't you play sports Uranus kisser
dude I used to play sports you want to
see yeah I would have gone pro if I
would have kept with it no but seriously
uh I just don't play sports because I
like individual stuff that's really it
and I like adventure and risk and fun
stuff because people that play
basketball and stuff like I used to will
never understand what it's like to be
able to go do what I do
once somebody starts freerunning it's
just you don't stop because it's so much
fun you get to meet awesome people plus
you have a lot of friends over the
Internet
when you do it and stuff like that so
yeah next triple back my next triple
backflip will be at the meet up if I do
it again which I don't know if I will
but I might so if I do it again it's
gonna be at the meet up there's like
tons of people asking me do you want to
visit here and there will you ever come
here and there
whenever I'm older guys I plan to travel
all the time because I love traveling I
love seeing new places and stuff so I'm
probably just gonna meet up with a bunch
of people along the way
what's your favorite song so my favorite
song at the moment is heaven by Troye
Sivan really like it my favorite song of
all time I answered that in my last one
guy crush well I'm not gay so I don't
have one of those do you think you will
make youtube your actual job I have no
idea that'd be really cool even if it
was never my job but definitely still do
it so yeah can you do gameplays on your
channel more often yes I can I just feel
like nobody wants to watch him but I
will do them on weekdays that I have
extra time and I really want to make a
video or if I just want to talk to you
guys I'll probably make gaming videos
because me sitting in front of the
camera and talking I feel like it's
boring for some reason if you could go
anywhere where would it be
Sweden just cuz I want to meet up with a
bunch of my Sweden flipping friends and
they have camp active there and a bunch
of other stuff are you naked yo I just
ripped the thing the stuff I do for
YouTube fricking last time I buy from
buckle what a joke this is like one of
my favorite shirts to God dang it what
is your best childhood memory dude I
don't know jumping on the trampoline
with my friends throwing all the
cushions on going to the park and
throwing baseballs around going and
driving the four-wheelers at my
grandparents we used to like hide out in
the trees and make forts and my
grandparents have so much fun all the
summers growing up going to California
going to New York going everywhere I
don't know I just have a lot of good
experiences do you like pussies do you
already know how much is your canon
well actually this one was just about
$400 um nothing special really good a
texture to it though what's this secret
for spinning faster and you gradually
jerk him to the side new rodeo toxiel
spinsters do you soap or shampoo first
shampoo ya shampoo which lotion do you
prefer I love me some good old Twilight
woods
will you quad back into the pit soon if
I could find a good double bouncer and
like two more of them then yeah but
probably not cuz then I'm gonna get
trampoline gyms near me for all of you
that were getting irritated by my
eyebrows what does your dream girl look
like like this high that'd be nice
who was the first flipping friend you
met up with first person I ever met that
did flips was Jake Burke I met him at
get air before I even really knew he did
flips and he failed at a double back so
I guess we didn't really meet up but the
first person I met up with off Instagram
was Jake Bashir's and we met at a gym
like 45 minutes away from me called
Skywalker's it's not there anymore which
makes my heart but I actually really
missed those times it was last summer so
yeah what inspired you to flip you have
already heard the story probably my dad
had bought me a trampoline and I wanted
to go out on it every day I thought I
was like the only one in the world that
did flips at all yeah I'm gonna make a
video sometime soon about my history
with flips and some other stuff along
with that so how old were you when you
did your first trick backflip or front
flip I was eight years old when I did my
first backflip I did it on my mom's bed
and then I went out on my trampoline
landed on my knees and then I landed it
second try I had a video of one of my
first backflips ever um I don't know
where when it's on a camera somewhere I
remember the pants are wearing every
gray Under Armour's have you broken a
bone doing flips um no but I have broken
my pinky finger getting out of this bed
how did you get so popular on YouTube I
really want to know I'm not that popular
on YouTube I just like making videos so
if you want to get popular do some
videos about stuff you like if there was
some famous person you could meet who
would it be man I want to meet Johnny
Depp I want to meet Logan Paul I want to
meet Ryan Sheckler I want to meet Tony
Hawk I want to meet the rock I want to
meet like all the phase guys because
they all just seem cool my scalp is
starting to feel so weird from the
shampoo for a lot of you guys that don't
know it these videos do take a long time
a ring light soon which is pretty much
just a giant ring with your camera
through it so that I look like I do all
the time instead of orange like I do
right now
what video have you had lots of fun
making if that makes sense haha ello
ello ello ello ello well one of my
videos that I had a lot of fun filming
was the game of tramp with Jake Bashir's
that was honestly hilarious making had a
lot of fun making that um I don't know I
have a lot of fun making all my videos
just editing that sucks really can you
dab I don't understand the stupid trend
with dabbing and whipping and nae nae
all that all it just makes me so mad if
I could live in any generation it would
be the 1980s where none of that existed
I honestly hate half the music that
comes out today and I'm sorry if you
like it but I hate it and I probably
always will so if you could live
somewhere else
where would you live California or
Sweden both of those look really really
awesome what is your dream or have you
already accomplished your dream or goal
my dream 1 million YouTube subscribers
and it's it's definitely not
accomplished yet but you know I give it
some time why is five too many it just
is Gavin it just is all right guys
that's been like probably like a hundred
questions out of the 300 a lot of them
were pretty silly but you know what
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs up for this hair just
kidding but yeah thumbs up if you guys
enjoyed the video hope I answered a lot
of you guys's questions had some fun
making this video thank you all for
watching subscribe and I'll love you
