what's up guys today I'm gonna be
showing you guys how to jump higher on a
trampoline as you can see I don't have
an Olympic trampoline so I'm limited to
how high I can jump just like everybody
else
trampoline with a black mat that's not
like super bouncy it's called a garden
trampoline or ajit ramp for everybody
wondering what that means if you follow
me and I've ever said that before so I
did this on my channel a while ago but
it was kind of a dumb tutorial like I
didn't really know what I was talking
about because back then I was still
learning now I pretty much know
everything about how to jump higher so
yeah so the first way to jump higher in
the trampoline is you could go buy a
good trampoline behind me I have a
pretty good trampoline this is from USA
trampolines calm or something like that
trampoline USA maybe I don't know but uh
yeah pretty good bounce let me show you
at normal balance alright so as you can
see bounce on this one's pretty good but
there's an even better one over here
alright now if you really want to get up
in the sky you'll probably have to buy a
trampoline like this this is called a
tramp master trampoline if you watch my
Q&A video you know that I only got this
for like 150 bucks even though it's got
like a little hole in it because it's
been used still really good trampoline
so the first way to jump higher on a
trampoline is buying a new trampoline
because look how high I can jump on it
and that's not even how high I can jump
in my frequently asked questions video
I'm pretty sure I showed a clip of how
high I can jump on here so here's the
difference between a good trampoline and
a bad trampoline all right so it's
pretty easy to tell you know trampoline
does matter so if you're stuck with the
trampoline like this that is not very
good I mean it's kind of a low quality
trampoline pretty cheap whatever so if
you're stuck with the trampoline like
that what you want to do head over to
your hose turn it on bring into the
trampoline and spray all over it because
if your trampolines wet
that'll mean that more weight is being
put down on the trampoline so that's
more way to get thrown up so you're
going to be throwing up like you're a
lot heavier if you guys have ever seen
like really muscular people on the
trampoline they jump way higher here's a
video of a really muscular guy jumping
on the trampoline proving my point
so with the wet trampoline you're going
to have like all this weight and it's
going to be throwing you back up so
that's why a lot of people use wet
trampolines the next thing you see a lot
of the really really really good
trampoline errs do this including myself
and let's the trampolines really really
good you're going to be throwing your
arms up for maximum height because if
you're just jumping without using your
arms sure you can jump high but you're
not going to be able to get to your max
height because with your arms thrown up
like that like you're going into a
backflip if you throw them up like that
you're going to be getting so much
higher watch this wet trampoline while
throwing your arms your set I don't have
anybody to help me right now but if you
guys have a friend over and you want to
get high you can have them double bounce
you since I don't have anybody here to
demonstrate I'm just going to show you a
clip of what double bouncing looks like
and this is probably the best method to
get you to the height you want to do
your trick at next if you have anything
in your backyard higher than the height
of your trampoline just like 3 4 feet
higher if you have anything like that
jump off it onto your trampoline the
energy you use to start your bounce to
get high on the trampoline you could be
getting half of it just from jumping off
something like this and then you're
already like half your height and you
haven't even used really any of your
energy so then you can use it to keep
jumping higher and higher and then do
your trick if you guys watch my old
videos I used to jump off the ladder
it's how I landed my first double front
so yeah lastly if you guys do not have a
really good trampoline and you're not
happy with your balance do this this is
called crossing your Springs alright
there's two different ways to do this
you could do it in a video or this one
goes to the right here and then this one
goes to right here too so it's like a V
which I don't really recommend that I
think this is better even though you
might end up with some Springs looking
like this it's still bouncier this way I
think if you do have a really really bad
trampoline and it's like super super
tight you might not want to cross it
though because either the mat can rip or
the springs can break off to happen to
my old trampoline so if it wasn't so
cold I'd show you guys bouncing with a
wet trampoline I'll probably just put it
in the clip
run those are pretty much all the ways
to jump higher on a trampoline so yeah
it's it's helped you leave a like down
below I might have another video out
tonight I don't know doing the snapchat
opening video in a little bit so yeah
thank you all for watching subscribe for
more videos and I'm out
