hello alright guys so there's a few
things I wanted to talk to you guys
about today so I thought of another goal
for my youtube because in my last video
I did my goals for 2016 even though that
was like 20 seconds of the video maybe I
don't
I added another goal and that is 1
million video views right now I have
like two hundred and fifteen thousand
video views or something like that over
like a lot of videos but I know I'll be
posting a lot in 2016 and I'll be making
the meet-up video and a ton of other
stuff which I'm guessing will get big so
as you can tell right now my room is
horribly dirty and I was going through
youtube watching people blah blah blah
and I remembered that I hadn't done a
room tour yet so I figured I'd make a
room tour so yeah I'm gonna clean my
room Taylor will you help me clean my
room cause I want to do a room tour and
the people are gonna know you're mean
and that I'm lazy she's getting pizza
okay I realize now I want some pizza
rolls too
yeah we're having pizza and mine boiled
over yeah what's up guys I clean my room
so today I was gonna go film a comment
trolling prank where we pretty much
discuss render people and read off
comments that you guys said but my
friend Dylan and Quinton bailed on me so
now I'm gonna do a room tour video and
you guys have probably seen my room and
like the back of my videos but I'm gonna
show you guys the whole thing anyway
before I do the room tour video I wanted
to let you guys know that I might be
doing online school I'll know by the end
of this weekend if I'm doing it or not
if I do it you guys will see a lot more
videos yeah I can only upload like once
a week with school and stuff but back to
the room tour
so this is where I film some of my
videos right here my only source of good
lighting in this whole room it's also
where my stereo is I usually have a
remote but I can't find it kind of makes
me sad so yeah I don't really know what
to keep on that but yeah moving into
this corner we got the grand theft auto
5 poster with the black ops 3 plaque
that I made in wood shop side nothing
else to make down here is just pretty
much a corner of all my camera equipment
oh and an air freshener destroy keep on
my microphone straps lens caps I mean I
like a million things in here both of my
GoPros are in there chest straps mono
pods all my SD cards and then on here we
got my lens and just a bag that I keep
some stuff in and that's the bag that I
usually travel with if I'm going to the
river somewhere to film for those of you
that want to see inside of my closet
it's just a bunch of junk
keep trophies that I got sports pictures
all that crap they don't care about got
the wetsuit and some other clothes in
there that's that's pretty much it for
there and then a giant sombrero moving
on we got the original call of duty
zombies perks I love them they're my
babies I do not know why double path is
lower than the others but it's whatever
I guess that's the controller I play
xbox one win then we have my two monte
controllers here the chrome gold Monte
controller for the 360 and then the aqua
blue one both of them were customized I
think those are from like control freak
comm something like that my painted
lifeproof that I'll probably never put
on my phone and then my other xbox one
controller that I sometimes use HD PVR
gaming edition don't really use that too
much anymore
need to get rid of it then the glide cam
some glide cam weights down there and
then we got a mirror the laptop I use I
don't really know exactly what kind of
laptop this is all I know is that it's
super fast and I love it Adobe Premiere
Photoshop everything like that and then
up here we have the Game Capture for the
HD 60 Elgato that I use to record
gameplay on my xbox one and then we got
Xbox one rechargeable battery kit then I
tried to put on my one of my controllers
and I don't even think it fits which
really confuses me my only source of
good lighting for my youtube videos the
three Call of Duty posters from black
ops black ops 2 and black ops 3 probably
my three favorite Call of Duty's lockups
ones definitely my favorite though if
they
bring a back to Xbox one soon I might
cry moving on we got all my headsets
right here we got the Turtle Beach XE
ones there all right I mean I use them
if I don't want to put on a giant
headset the original mic that comes with
the Xbox not very good the Turtle Beach
X 12s they're pretty good I just don't
use them anymore and then we got the
Triton 720 plus really good headset but
I like my Astro a40 s and more so I use
them I then we got the mini-fridge with
a bunch of crap on top of it my futon
that I traded my brother to get this I
actually really like this thing I
usually keep my pillows on it my bed
looks weird because my comforter is off
they getting washed right there we got a
sleep machine thingy that my friend
Taylor made for me and I have a pirate
ship I think I got that from I don't
know where I got I think my mom got it
for me maybe my waterbed of course hello
but yeah that's pretty much my entire
room I'll definitely get that comment
trolling video out and yeah so thank you
all for watching subscribe hope you
enjoyed
