all right what's going on guys today we
are going to be playing black ops 3 and
today we're going to be going over my
goals for 2016
sorry my voice sounds weird because I've
been sick and it sucks
no since I've got the elgato hd60 and I
haven't made a video with it yet I
figured that I might as well make a
video with it already
alright where the spike was asked anyway
guys today I want to be going over my
goal for 2016 and a lot of you guys have
been giving me a lot of good feedback
lately especially on YouTube and I know
a lot of you guys want to see different
things so I'm not sure what I'm gonna be
doing it since I have a lot of people
that want me to do vlogs I'm probably
gonna keep doing those on this channel
what I'm thinking about doing is making
a second youtube channel for any of you
guys that wants to gaming stuff I don't
know if I want to do gaming stuff I mean
about the avocado Simon Ammann as well
but I don't know if I should keep it all
on one channel or not or why do I so bad
I I don't know I kind of want to keep
everything on one channel cuz it's just
less work going back and forth and
everything like that Oh what do I suck
you yeah other way don't judge me by my
gameplay right now it's hard to talk and
play video game same time since its 2016
new year whatever I figured I'd make a
couple goals and those goals include
3,000 subscribers on YouTube by the in
2016 and 10,000 followers on the
Instagram the reason I set the goals
this way is because I don't want to set
something like crazy that I don't think
I can do but I know since I love doing
YouTube videos and everything like that
I think I can get 3,000 subscribers
3000 subscribers on YouTube and 10,000
on Instagram I think I can do that
Instagram followers have been gaining
pretty fast so school started back up so
that sucks
I don't know how frequent I'm gonna be
able to make videos vlogs might just be
happening on the weekends I haven't
decided yet
like tonight I'm able to make a video
because I don't have any homework
because it was the first day of school
back I'm not sure about making a gaming
channel I'd rather keep everything on
one channel but if some people want to
see gaming stuff and other people are
not interested at all because I know a
lot of people want to see more vlogs and
pranks and stuff and I'll do that I'll
have to figure everything out I know a
lot of people want to see pranks and I
want to do pranks but be able to make a
pranking video you're gonna have to have
a
camera guy you're gonna have to have
friends helping you you're gonna have to
have all this and that and I mean I live
in a small town so it's not like I don't
know the people I'm pranking which is
just weird you know
but I still can't even drive yet I get a
drive in June and I honestly can't wait
since I can't drive and I have to have
friends do it and everything like that
everything goes into it it's so hard to
make you pranking videos like the day we
went to the mall to fill in the back
flips in public video everything just
worked out that day and I was able to
get there and get the whole video filmed
and everything turned out good even
though it took me like seven hours to
help out on Windows Movie Maker so those
are a couple of my goals for social
media for all the tricker followers out
there by this tricking goal by the end
of 2016 it would have to be car dub I
mean I like making gaming videos but
honestly if you guys don't want to see
it then I don't want to post it gaming
videos are alright to make but making
vlogs is a lot of fun but I can't make a
vlog every day because some of the days
I do nothing I wake up I go to school
and then right when I go home from
school I have to do homework until I eat
dinner and then I go to sleep I what I
think I'm gonna do is put up a tomahawk
montage soon on here because I've hit
like five or six random tomahawks but
yeah those are my goals thank you guys
for watching subscribe for more videos
and remember to comment down below what
you guys want me to do next
and yeah thank you all for watching and
subscribe
