my dad's just posted the human a thing
and I'm getting a haircut
my hair is cut what's going on guys I
just got a haircut so I'm itchy so today
I posted this picture of yeah yeah
that's me from the first condom
challenge and I pretty much just said to
ask me questions and I'm going to answer
them in this video so let me scroll
through 160 comments to the top okay
Jesse Nestor why did you post this
Jesse's actually my friend I don't even
know if it's Jesse or Jess I think it's
Jesse so I'm gonna say Jesse but he's
actually my friend that is flipped so
screw you Jesse just kidding I Love You
God now I have to go all the way back to
the top because it refreshed um next
gravity warfare said why did you start
doing flips I saw this ass like 30 times
a bunch of people and of this um I got
bored with normal sports like baseball
and basketball except like all used to
play was baseball in basketball and I
did wrestling too but I got bored ahead
at traveling when I was like six so I
started to jump it on it and then I
learned a front-flip by myself and I was
like seven I went out on the trampoline
like every day and then yeah I kept
getting better and better and then
eventually I bought a ton of trampolines
gravity warfare also asked who was your
favorite famous flipper
it's either damien walters pasta the
boss or da mitrik Fabian and I say
Fabien Fabian I'm sorry if I can't say
it right how much did you spend on your
equipment tramps / cameras my blue
in-ground trampoline was two thousand
dollars new to dig it was two thousand
dollars but my mom bought me that
because she knew I was into trampoline
and stuff so she bought me those we paid
for the pure fun I paid for most of the
pure fun then Quentin and Dylan my two
other friends they pitched in a little
bit so we'd get that that was like four
and fifty bucks and then the tramp
master we got for sale that thing was
only like a hundred fifty bucks but what
I'm recording with right now is the
Canon 70d that cost me fourteen hundred
dollars from Best Buy tripod him using
seventy dollars it's a DeLuca I don't
even know but it's the same one my
friend Jeremy Thomas says cuz he
recommended to me shotgun Mike was one
hundred dollars this Mike right here
that I record the backdrops in public
video with that thing was like I was
twenty seven dollars my cleaning kit got
for that for Christmas the new lens over
there the rockin on eight millimeter I
think that was like 250 300 everybody
that's asking why is there like a blue
and green padded trampoline that's on my
dad's house cuz my parents are divorced
so yeah that's why that trampoline is
there and then there's two other
trampolines and my grandparents I three
in my backyard one of my dad's to it my
grandparents so Tristan underscore 530
or my brother sitting right over there
no I dropped that out maybe yes why is
your brother so beautiful um why are you
so beautiful Jack underscore koala ask
isn't ariana grande hot yes
backyard Bryson commented babe Jack Cole
asked how did you save up for your
camera okay so I had hundreds of dollars
from birthdays that I didn't know what
to do so I just kept it and then one day
I decided hey I want to go out and buy a
Canon 70d so I did and then I was broke
and I also got money from like working
for my grandparents and stuff so yeah
gravity underscore warfare ass do you
have a job no I don't have a job right
now because you have to be 16 in Kansas
to have a job like an actual job my
biggest fear is sitting behind a desk
for the next 40 years of my life that's
what I don't want to do so
I mean YouTube's kind of my job I guess
it's not a job to me I just think it's
fun Tegan said what is life with a poop
emoji yeah I have a poop emoji right up
there Dylan underscore Mitchell are you
gay
I get asked this a lot um I don't know
why any of you would ask this really
something about watching subscribe for
more videos I love you I don't I have a
lot of people ask me this especially
after the last condom challenge video no
I'm not gay I act like it a lot but if
anyone's gay who's gay tristin oh he's
gay I'm not you guys I just got hit in
the head with a boob but for all you
guys out there that love me
I'm sorry Liam Blake what school do you
go to I go to Augusta high school sadly
not sadly but I do want to do online
school because I'd be able to make
youtube videos a lot more and I feel
like a waste a lot of my time because we
literally spend like three hours a day
actually
schoolwork and then all the rest is just
eating lunch sitting there in seminar
and then extracurricular activities and
it's honestly stupid Sophie dot Sullivan
how are you so photogenic well you know
whenever condoms on my head it just
works out fly high flippers with a three
ask how did you get over the fear of a
double bag I put a lot of pillows and
blankets behind me and I had my friend
Dylan double bounce me and I did it and
I also did it into a pit a lot so VM
Blake said what's your favorite song
slash pumpup song my favorite pumpup
song that will like make me do any trick
is definitely hey let me go to it let me
go to a skinny love
Vanek remix like Vanek has such good
music guys that's why I get like a lot
of my music skinny love Vanek remix this
song will make me do like any trick I
swear that's when I do a quad back right
there just kidding Marv Dylan asked how
can I kiss you
um well you have to come up to me and
turn your head like this and I'll turn
mine and then we just yeah Billie dot
Collins with the Z asked if you were not
flipping where might you be today and
what would you do honestly don't know if
I wasn't flipping out probably sitting
on my xbox doing nothing to do that a
lot too so yeah I don't know I don't
know what I'd be doing I'm glad I do
flips fly high flippers again ash which
is your favorite trampoline tricking or
splash diving I don't really don't know
if I had to choose one it'd probably be
tramp diving because when you mix the
two they're just so much fun next is
Daniel Radcliffe would you be mad if I
took this picture made it into a
wallpaper then covered your house and
then stole your tramps I don't I don't
even know how to respond to that but I'm
a high tramp said favorite trick on
ground and on tramp favorite trick on
ground is probably quark just because it
looks so cool and triumph would probably
be triple front just because it's a big
trick and it's fun and I can do it on
pretty much any trampoline so yeah T
underscore dot man I'm an Sebastian Ashe
are you a female um nope somebody
started the hashtag ask Braungart
I'm gonna do that next time Jeremy
underscore Thomas 18 ask condom or raw
yeah
I oughta answer that there's some stuff
that I'm just not gonna answer get this
to private but I will go over every
question or pretty much every one so if
you got Sullivan asked where is your
mother
Jeremy Thomas yeah I kind of wondering
the same thing don't feed a soul of an
ass why don't you have a shirt on tanner
do you own a shirt I own shirts but I
don't wear them when I foot and I
especially don't wear them when I sit in
a bathtub with a condom on my head like
in this picture Markos ilk jar yeah I
don't know how to pronounce their name
so he said cookies or chips cookies I
guess
Sophie Sullivan asked why did you
photoshop the Santa hat on your head
don't you own one yes I own a Santa hat
but you know what I didn't have one on
in that moment so I felt like it just it
just needed to be there I hate going all
the way to the office it make me so mad
oh my god why why does he keep going all
the way right when I get up there I
think it's because people are commenting
stuff so it just refreshes I'm tempted
to just screenshot these and then go
look out all right you know what that's
what I'm doing Braden to five-to-four
ass ps4 Xbox one Xbox one baby the
reason I don't like ps4 is because the
controllers are just too small for my
hands high high flippers said how can we
get a follow back there are some people
I follow just because they've been
following me from the beginning and
being supporters of me so if you are a
supporter of me for a long time I'm
probably gonna follow you back oh yeah
thanks Sophie - Solomon Asch have you
ever thought about being a male model
because that would be an interesting
career choice for you no yeah no I
haven't I haven't thought about that
Jeremy underscore Thomas 18 which porn
star do you aspire to be like we're
gonna we're gonna skip that I guess
Keaton 12 Lite ass use the hashtag ask
run guard see cool guy right there do
you think you'll ever make youtube your
career um I don't know
because off to see how it goes over the
next few years if YouTube could be my
career that would literally be the
coolest thing ever because that would
solve my problem of my fear of sitting
behind a desk and living a boring life
so I have two and half years till I
graduate so ask me that again in two and
a half years underscore JDO or Daniel
Overton yes what do you love most about
me I love you beautiful smile
Dylan Cody what does 17th Steven mean
alright so 17th Steven friend Dylan
Mitchell he's in some
we'll flipping videos he still comes
over a lot so one day in computer
applications class freshman year we were
frantically trying to turn in this
assignment and he said what's it called
I needed to turn it in so I said
seventeenth Steven I just made something
up real fast turned it in and ever since
the teacher thought he was an idiot so
and I just thought it was funny so I
changed his name in my phone to
seventeen Steven ever since that so yeah
that's why it's called 17 Steven that's
the reason behind it Caden Johnson
underscore ash what camera do you have
Canon 70d Taylor underscore b14
or my sister asked who's your favorite
sibling I don't know Tristan you pissed
me off a lot Oh Colin underscore German
for ass our GoPro is good yes GoPros are
good Jake brashears tricky song I'm just
gonna tell you guys right now there's an
account on Instagram called chill your
speakers and they post like really
really good trap song so them and
SoundCloud and just all my other
flipping friends we all just copy each
other okay that's just how it goes
Jack underscore koala ask what size
condom are you if you watched my condom
challenge video you would already know
that backyard Bryson commented babe in
all caps this time Jake Breshears tricky
what was your favorite memory of 2915 he
meant 2015 he corrected himself the
meetup was definitely like the best week
of my life but also meeting Luke Brogan
and pouring water on Brian's head was a
lot of fun so simply dolly asks what's
your bra size my wear double D on a good
day
how tall are you I'm five seven Quinton
s again what's the circumference of your
Weiner hey can you go ahead and give me
like a tape measure what's your shoe
size I wear a nine and a half or ten or
something I don't know how old are you
I'm fifteen Quinton asks why won't you
kiss me I don't know why he's saying
that because cute the clip invincible
underscore flipper asked why don't you
quad front on your amazing Tramp is I
don't want to die
v or do quad front either gonna be into
a pit or it's gonna be into my pool this
summer at the meetup Jake brashears ass
how many girlfriends have you had I
don't know why don't you start a
tricking team because I sucked simply
Ally asked which foot do you step on a
bed with my right I think alpha dot
Walker who inspired you to start
flipping the extreme flippers Jack
underscore koala ask are you reading
this yes invincible underscore flipper
why not try another triple back and do
you love me I can triple back all day as
long as it's into a pit or onto a mat
but the second I get on a trampoline I
just
I don't want to do it and yes I love you
worldwide flippers ass how does it feel
knowing that the meet up is less than
half a year away makes me happy
yet sad cuz I don't want to wait half a
year to see everybody again but at least
it's not like longer underscore Logan
for tramp underscore will you do daily
vlogs if yes when will you start I can't
promise daily vlogs because I still have
school and a bunch of other crap that I
have to do so semmen underscore Berg do
you like girls or guys this is a really
common question I get I own estado know
why this question is so popular
I definitely like girls even though it
may not seem like it sometimes
Ian rocks seven eight nine what was your
biggest fail in flips I don't know I've
had so many bad fails underscore hold in
Caldwell underscore other than G Tramp
trampoline tricky and of course Tanner
brogard do you have another account or
will make another one stuff with Tanner
Beck Jake which is just a bunch of
random clips that I don't really post on
there anymore and then I have headache
promo so I don't know I've like seven or
eight account Ian's Rock seven eight
nine ass are you gonna get another tramp
some kids are gonna bring their tram
please the meetup as of right now I
don't know if that'll change or not but
I'm probably not gonna buy any more
trampolines tips on double foals a
slogan for tram go backflip but like two
spins in it and then land it hunger goo
kjc what's your condom size cue the clip
yeah yeah my size brilliant there we go
hands in privet tote I don't even know
how to say these names guys how long
have you done trampolining I've been
flipping like nine years but I didn't do
a double front till I was 12 so immortal
underscore flipper ass do you host the
meetup every year yes I do but it's not
like a public event favorite song my
favorite song of all time is probably
sweet child of mine by Guns N'Roses
alpha dog walker are you single yes I am
single I've been single for like a year
guys literally like I broke up with my
last girlfriend last January so fly high
flippers what year were you born I was
born July 24 2000 biatch that sounded
like mystic got jokes busy gat Joe big
gay backed Instagram to see if there's
any more L do not underestimate you to
get into doing flips and do you think
you already motivated others I think I
motivated some people and not show Dave
Bernardo have you girlfriend no not you
bird same guy I can't even say that are
you good at school last semester I
finished with a 3.5 which is just like
mostly A's
a couple bees I think okay so in
woodshop I grade got lowered because I'd
finished all my woodshop projects and
had nothing to do for a couple days so
he just kept putting in zeros because we
had nothing to do the last question that
I'm going to be answering this video
from a are3 in underscore which I think
it's just Aaron do you like bacon yes
like the rest of the world all right
guys thank you all for watching this
video subscribe for more videos and I'm
out
