gotta grab my camera get that sweet what
is going on guys today we're back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day and I also hope that you can
see me right now I don't know why I
thought I'd start off the vlog with a
little cinematic just fun let me get out
of the middle of the road we'll get home
and I'll continue it and dog for sale
part 2 they literally tore up my
freaking unicycle we should say you can
do this - I I was gonna learn to ride
that one day hey asshole what's up you
know she tore up my unicycle yeah it
sucks
you found it he was in the dirty clothes
I looked in the dirty clothes long ha ha
I was gonna wear that today but this is
okay right our stupid website would
stamp it be better true our website is
down so the competition that's going on
is kind of been like yeah but we're
gonna let it run through the weekend so
it's fair yeah it's not really a
competition I mean if you just spend
$100 or more you get free signed
autographed poster this means you're
gonna have to sign more posters so
Taylor I'm the gross why do you always
use the word spam and what have you been
up to lately I'm in the vlog Taylor
everybody
yeah guys today is the day that Kendall
and I are going to be filming our music
video together for our song we haven't
even recorded the lyrics yet we wrote
down the lyrics oh that's a start but
you have a lot to do with it I don't
know when it's gonna be I think I need
to do a song with them too I'm Way
better at singing but your gay buddy you
just you need to know but I hope you
guys are all having a great day I hope
your oh that wasn't okay I was gonna do
this I hope you guys all had a good
Thanksgiving I posted on Instagram that
I was thankful for my dogs but they tore
up my unicycle but yeah my whole morning
has been playing this new game that my
cousin Logan showed me he came over last
night stayed the night
it's called Forza horizon 3 I've seen
tons of videos on it cuz I'm a car guy
now ask me anything
Tristan asked me don't even ask about
anyway I'm learning and my love for cars
has just grown so much so I spent like a
hundred dollars on this game I bought
all the cool cars and this is what I've
been doing and I'll just wait I designed
my car in real life it's kinda similar I
designed my dream Lamborghini my dream
McLaren p1 a Koenigsegg oh it's just so
cool I love these games that's a
Corvette hey Quentin look hey this one's
better than you I wish we had one of
these when we were in the desert there
was a ton of people with them we asked a
few in there like ya know and I was like
I know the Lamborghini Chintan re Oh too
bad they cost three million dollars and
I don't have three million dollars yet
come on let me skip the bull crap oh
there's one I made an azure blue
Lamborghini Aventador you see I've still
never driven a Lamborghini Aventador
I've never driven a McLaren basically
the only super cars I've driven is my RA
and Tanner Fox's GTR first of all I
don't know what car to get I don't know
if I should say for a McLaren or just
get a Lamborghini this was my original
dream car like ever since I was eight
years old commenting on every YouTube
video someday I will get this I will get
it and now I'm sitting here staring in
the eyes
and if I choose to Lamborghini do I make
it as or blue or do I make it matte
black imagine a rose gold are right next
to this please leave a comment I'm still
deciding I need here has this help for
sure but this game it's really fun you
already know what the license plate is
look it's like I'm driving it skirt ski
ocean and here is alright it is kind of
different than mine like a lot but it is
chrome rose gold it looks blue right now
what the hell and I see comments like
tanner get a spoiler on your car that's
how stupid it would look okay I don't
like it it's huge and the ones I already
cells are like thirty thousand dollars
and that's stupid so you and finally
here is the McLaren p1
thanks for the erection but I don't have
time for video games K I'm a youtuber I
got to film a music video today actually
I still have like another hour till
Kendall gets here so I'll just play this
and whenever he gets here we'll continue
the vlog yeah you know I'm talking to
you
oh hi kiddos here we're setting up shop
part two little music station we're just
recording the audio today like the
vocals you know just that today we're
filming the music video tomorrow I
thought it was today but he moved his
plane ticket again so we have pretty
much all day tomorrow and I can have a
way better hair day tomorrow cuz it's
not looking too fresh buttons here as
well we spent messed around in his car
it was fun guess what what I played a
car video game and I want cars you've
won cars yes
Carsley just came out you can get it the
movie yeah but I titled this video our
new song probably was the little VEVO
thing you know I don't know if I'll
click baited that much but I will be
showing you guys a little bit of our new
song today because although I am a
clickbait master I'm not a deceiving
master I'm a nice guy Lamborghini we're
pulling out our pup filter that I use
for my at this track so there you go
it will just go it'll be smooth yeah
it'll get rid of all that don't even
know this anymore yeah I'm gonna bleep
out the name I said because you guys
aren't allowed to know who I wrote so
I'm pretty sure I took down that video
man Courtin hasn't even heard the song
yet so it's everyone's first time right
now
I'm gonna leak this song did you edit it
all it sounds a little different
that's sweet hot taste part right here I
can do anything
so good the lights like okay two hours
has passed we did a lot of text because
I suck you did like five yeah
sorry this song is so good I'm going to
just like me hitting the guy with my car
I'm gonna force it to go viral okay I
don't want to give anything else away
it's gonna be a big surprise for you
guys it's gonna be okay now we're gonna
pack all this up Kendall's going home
and I'm going out to eat because I'm
starving and now we're moving our big
tried me all that Taylor's never gonna
use bless you bye I use my gym every day
oh my gosh guys they're in a mood right
now they're fighting mood let's fight
with them what are we doing I'm fun
we're gonna go look at the family
Christmas tree yeah it's upstairs
upstairs I don't see you oh geez
subscribers will know that my very first
actual vlog was Christmas 2015 and we
have this Christmas tree and now we have
this Christmas tree we're running out of
room before namond I totally helped set
this up there's your boy when he was
seven there's Tristan when he was
straight there's Taylor when she'd want
to be on camera here's all of us as a
family
here's me when I was straight here's her
family you might have been gay in this
one no your was that the treasure in
here I wasn't out all this is my
favorite one it's up there it's me and a
star then The Wizard of Oz is a big
thing I guess by the way The Wizard of
Oz is like kind of incorporated into my
song like one line of it crazy
trampoline bouncer that's when I was a
trampoline savage still Ann Taylor when
she was a princess stop you can record
me tomorrow okay Freddie Taylor is a
baby there's just a million of them
scooby Doo I loved Scooby Doo where's my
Power Ranger whoa oh no here's me when I
told myself I was gonna plug guitar when
I was eight did that a few months ago
and the tan clan you guys are on my tree
and my car is on my tree
yeah I can't find the power in g1 but
guys that is our family Christmas tree
we're gonna be having Christmas upstairs
hey hey hey no fair I own dibs literally
so a Christmas hoodies like a
description they're not hoodies and the
description might not work because our
website got hacked and obviously it is
dark outside now the day left us at only
6 p.m. but it's ok because we made a
little and I did some other thing and we
are gonna go ahead in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it thank you
so much for watching my hair fell and
don't leave like each other friends if
you enjoyed subscribe for new and I'll
see you guys next time yeah I'm watching
family guy and I need 10 minutes to fit
YouTube's algorithm so people watch my
videos
you came in looking like you just maybe
