yes thank you for watching subscribe for
more videos like this actually I'm never
gonna do this again neither in my life
we're gonna go buy some condoms yay
alright she's gonna buy the condoms
actually me and him are gonna hold hands
why we bye good thing we know where they
are from last time yeah yeah my size
brilliant you want to there we go
you guys a week or we're back home yay
we're gonna go check for my shotgun Mike
I literally go out to my mailbox every
video other this I'll Romeo ah just
kidding Hansel eagle what's what are you
doing what's going on guys today we're
gonna be doing what we said really
really tries again huh what's going on
guys today we're gonna be putting
condoms on our heads
this one noggin this is our a somewhat
special guest what's your name Taylor
and and then my boyfriend's back yeah
all right we're gonna get naked BRB yo
my video rode mics in yay too bad I'm
not gonna film this video with it
because we're gonna be in the bathtub
but hey tweet thank you my love you
we're ready all right for everybody
wondering while we're filling the
bathtub it's because last time we
dropped the condoms they would always
break and we want to savor them so yeah
we're gonna fill the water hoping that
they don't explode this time we're
already I'm getting dropped on first go
very No
so this time we're dropping it from a
lower height last time we use two small
condoms
yeah you gotta get it yep ready yep
why'd you throw it what are you do
corner of my head like a huge didn't it
just won't stay no I'm gonna get it
right are you ready yeah first try on
Taylor ah you can lift it up to be
happens when I drop it put your head
straight it wasn't straight in the last
video almost first try oh my god it's
making noises you don't have this one
work it's my turn build a lot and like
dropping down low
yep no God why can't I get it online
head this is done okay let me show you I
can do it you're gonna do it you're
gonna do it doing the fans will know
you're a puss hey hey yep okay here we
go three that's just depressing town
okay put a straight over my head and
then just drop it down slow it all needs
to be like two feet above yeah like
great tip today are you yeah
all right thanks button freedom to that
Jimmy Neutron great hurry dude blow it
up use the pin music hi how do you bring
it don't come on just do it
don't start to see if I can get another
first try load up load up it doesn't
hurt done bird trust me alright enough
oh he knows what are you doing you
should wait a bit
top what we're going to do we're going
to drop one time I'm on the said well I
am because I can apparently do it better
than everybody else here is y'all son
we're gonna drop another one right after
it's even get to on top I have a song
said yes in both ways
alright first one okay so check it three
times I'll show you fuckin you're fine
Oh God cut take it off - no it's moving
it's leave in it we're go ahead breathe
out again I can't breathe yes - gun we
got two dollars on set at one let's go
over three okay three two one go
hi come on for you motherfucker
yes
should we just think about yes that we
were kidding we weren't favorable
watching subscribe for more videos I
love you I don't
