sup guys today we're going to be going
outside because and yeah I don't know
how to work a window it snowed a little
bit we literally got like 2 inches maybe
there's a sock on the roof Thank You
Jake Breshears see my original plan was
to pile up all the snow and like do a
double backflip off that shed into it
but whenever I step in it like it I can
just I don't know I guess I'll try it
gotta get a shovel oh there is no way
this is going to work so I got this big
old pile right here brought it all the
way over here got that this is going
nowhere I don't really feel comfortable
double backing into this so but for the
entertainment of you guys I'm going to
be jumping off my I do a double if
it wasn't so slick but I don't dress
socks frozen I can like see it watered
down this is gonna this is going to be
so wet here goes nothing
oh it's like all ice do that I'm done
I'm done
you just went all out my back our stuff
has came in this is your thing
yay now I can do star trails time-lapses
whatever I want with my cannon order
yeah there's literally a boob ah well
some of my brother's into actually I
don't know why he has that cuz I don't
think he's into tits
time to go eat at my dad's have a nice
coat on whose truck is this it's mine
you're a liar well guess what it's
nothing all sports I'm using my phone
smells like cinnamon gum there you go
and I hate it
me and my boyfriend are finally back
home yay all right so what we're going
to do we're going to put this plastic
wrap on the door right there by the
Christmas tree and we're going to wait
for her to friend Dylan to get here and
just here throw it on it's gonna be mad
he's gonna chase me he's gonna run into
the doorway alright a normal person
shouldn't see this especially if he's
running when he's mad alright that's
good so we're let's do it
