it's a little cold out to get the Jakes
it's super icy out you can see I'm gonna
jump off that bridge when it gets warm
up to do their thing in about to rock
and roll
Dylan Mitchell all right time to check
the mailbox see if my shutter release is
here because I know the glidecam isn't
ah yeah dang it 150 is strong all the
way you oh oh
Milind ditch 'l it was hilarious there
you go yes oh so I do the vlog okay bye
Oh Jake's normal spill right and you
have a spill yeah say hello to the vlog
they can't see you just in case you fall
I'm gonna go ahead and vlog this oh you
can change your face should be normal
Playa sweetie
got the projector and everything hooked
up right Jake Berkey hey what's up
beauties what a shot just real good
it's a little cold out slowly putting
holes in the Tramp
Jake would you take off your head it's
so it's like wet more than anything
literally all these Springs are frozen
we have word that my glidecam is here I
look like crap what are you doing
because this is mostly my stuff never
mind
that's not now time they can figure how
to use this felt like a tab or some
shoes look at his brain to look all
professional just great figure if my
glide cams in that the shutter release
might come in the mail it's freaking
negative six out here I don't have a
shirt on chat boat oh well testing out
the glide cam
it's just wiggling a bunch on our way to
get air so yeah see you then yeah
yes
Oh
you
nice
I swear to god dude oh yeah oh yeah hold
it off
we're gonna party your kids blocking the
way
yeah did
broken engine pebble
know what to try
we got the VIP area
the rides here
