what's going on guys Merry Christmas
it's my sister and today I'm gonna be
doing a Christmas vlog
she is gonna watch the whole thing well
you might not want something but you're
gonna be here with us all right first up
we're doing stockings and apparently I'm
the hated child in the family thanks
yeah and you all got inspirational
calendars cuz I couldn't find three bit
like fix your personalities bitch if you
read each one they're really cool I had
one of those once read the thing I never
read it no I can't dude Nike Pro reason
mine are all gone you are talking louder
than everybody else in here Taco Bell
cards freakin skittles that's going in
my candy bag oh yeah oh yeah then we got
juicy fruit ice cubes and tic tacs I
don't think so because any - it's
actually soft and besos he'll think I'm
happy I'm content with life already
you're really going to DVDs and
Christmas no idea what this is
so this is one of my four gifts huh
thanks so much I got it this is your
future glidecam
like Kim is I'll take it
so a big water path will get here I see
that I see that hundred because when I
by the time I was shopping there was
knowing me for me to order one and get
one there's like 5,000 different kinds
so yep
snapchat from Jacob brashears thank you
so much yeah well I'll just do it hi mom
you're gonna hold the camera this is
gonna take some are those acceptable yes
oh my god oh my god
you don't think he Netflix and chill
with yourself what is it the bracelet
lifti and it's the same as in the books
that you guys had when you were little
kids to the moon and back you it's real
silver that will not
that was it good good good stuff we came
to the different sites trailers and I
know you don't wear much jewelry but
you're kidding yes now I can edit videos
without having to download them on
onedrive for 8 hours in your computer is
up and running which was something I
couldn't rap shout out to anchor fixing
my computer and making it fast
and doing all that thank you Adobe
Premiere and Adobe Photoshop so now
there will be no more editing on my
iPhone screw you hey buddy you are we
all agree that you would like this so if
you don't you can blame them - yes
doesn't he look like somebody that would
work at buckle oh my god I am Adele
ready guys I'm Adele ready hey and Nomos
moment she knows that go to Target and
get the bonus songs
Xbox one rechargeable battery station
yes I love how it focuses on the carpet
in the corner when I'm holding something
right in front of it so what it this is
a projector so you can take whatever's
on your phone your phone into the
projector and it'll put it up on the
wall like a TV screen that's awesome you
guys can watch your videos or Netflix
user watch it anywhere too cute if
there's any 40 year old country boys out
there that are successful dial her up
yes
Eminem pajama pants Christmas morning
breakfast all right it's time to shout
out my good friend parkour Aloha you
guys should definitely go follow him on
Instagram and get him to 3,000 followers
before 2015 is over because he's really
cool all right time to post it alright
he is heading inside dad's house I can't
tell if these are blankets or pants
these are pants yes have candy new elite
socks I get one gift I am so good at
opening with one hand yes oh my gosh I'm
so happy thank you guys so much
alright I'm gonna put this on and then
continue the blog
this lens is amazing I don't know if I
want to use this for the rest of this or
not on our way to the grandparents house
quit sneezes gross we're at my grandpa's
which is is dead yeah oh sweet - the
score is out one of them thank you
Hershey's bar you - let me feel it let
me feel it
well that sent something we've pulled up
to Ponca puces house honey boo boo
herself huh natural habitat get some
table oh yeah I forgot famous people
don't want to be filmed it's time to get
now God oh I want to see the Patong oh
thank you
el gato hd60
people oh look at him oh I'll just show
off Beautif lips in public you're a
straw oh look at him go let's do this
dude oh look at him go
Eddie Cody Cody Cody sweet
there's the deer there's the thing I
don't think he's dead yeah
you suck look at that Fricker go look at
that
hi guys it's like 4 p.m. now video will
hopefully be up sometime tonight but
that's been Christmas with the brown
guards this is Owen for everybody asking
no he's not my brother he's my cousin
and yeah thank you all for watching the
vlog I don't know how long it's gonna be
but yeah thanks for watching subscribe
for more videos and say I love you I
love you
