what's going on guys today I'm going to
be answering a ton of questions that I
get on Instagram every day I'm going to
go through my Instagram and I'm gonna
answer questions that I see figured just
be easier to answer them all in one
video okay first one that I get probably
this one is one of the most I get where
do you get your pads at and what these
people are talking about you probably
already know let me bring you in going
into the layer of pads all right so
these are the pads that everybody wants
to know where I got them from they're
literally just like bed messages like
six inches thick where I got these from
was an auction I was working for I was
working for my grandpa he's an
auctioneer and if you don't know what an
auction is it's just where you go in and
you just bid whoever bids higher gets it
but since I was working there he gave me
all these for five bucks and then these
are just two bad messages like we have
like six more over there and then the
other room too
I mean you could probably find these go
to a mattress store they probably had
these like scraps maybe not like this
big but better nothing probably get them
for free or like really cheap because
they just throw that stuff away like
stuff that doesn't get used like this or
you know garage sales and other stuff
will have you so I hope that answers one
of you guys questions back to my room
okay next question I get a lot is how
old am I
says right here in my bio just focus
maybe yeah see ya I'm 15 a lot of people
just ask this I don't really think they
look maybe there's on it from like a
friend tagging him or something but when
did you start flipping is another one I
get a lot I started flipping when I was
like 7 years old my mom got me a
trampoline and so I started flipping
like 2007 ever since that I just like
started flipping did like a double front
when I was like 12 so ever since then I
kind of got into it why don't you do
more pranks I get this like this was
like the most ash thing I got on my
youtube video that I did backflips in
public and went around just like screwed
around the reason why I
I've been doing pranks is because people
get like really mad like I know my mom
doesn't like me going around town to
thinks I'm like labeled is like a
delinquent or something if I do pranks
and stuff so yeah it's just I live in a
small town so people get mad I guess I
don't know why I will do more prank
videos it's got to think of something
that's like not harmful and has it been
done already but I just got to like find
a weekend to do it like since Christmas
breaks coming up and stuff then I'll
probably release videos around Christmas
and me doing pranks
it's like comment suggestions of pranks
and I'll do them as long as they like
haven't been done a million times
because that's pretty boring to watch
the same prank that's been done on one
another question I get sometimes is how
do you get so many followers first of
all I don't have that many followers
let's see right now I got 5923 but I
mean like that might be a lot to some of
you guys but I mean there's like people
with way more out there so I'm not like
by any means like famous or anything how
you get followers is being different you
don't just like post selfies you know
like maybe girls post selfies to get a
lot of followers but if you're a guy and
want to get more followers you just got
a post cool stuff because I mean I
started posting flips ever since 2011
I've been posting flipping videos and
then people be shouting me out and stuff
ever since then I just really I know I
got all my followers from shout outs and
stuff for me doing flips also if you
want to get more followers don't be
private because if you're private people
can't see what you post that you might
be posting stuff that they're not into
so I get this question a lot like this
has got to be one of the most asked
questions to is what kind of trampolines
do you have and I'll go show you guys
what kind of trampolines I have and I'll
tell you which ones are better and
whatever else so let's go
my backyard is a complete mess just want
you it's a little bright hi this
trampoline is a pure fun trampoline it's
not too bad it's not too good either I
mean if it's wet then it's pretty good
trampoline so that's the pure fun I got
that but like I don't know that one cost
like four hundred dollars I mean with
the netting everything or else it's like
100 or 250 or something like that but
then we have the giant master trampoline
right here this trampoline costs like
$2,000 new but I got it for 150 from
somebody that wanted to move so they
don't want to haul it so I just came to
picked it up this thing is by far the
bounciest trampoline I have here's a
video of me jumping on it right now
it's going to be from snapchat so it's
going to be vertical and look kinda dumb
but this is how high I can jump on this
trampoline
okay so that's how it bouncing this
thing is that one's not too good I can
still triple front flip without a double
bouncing so it's not too bad but this
one is definitely the best one by far
and lastly we have the all-american
trampoline this one's pretty good this
is my first trampoline here I mean I've
been through like seven trampolines this
trampoline first tripling I got here
first rectangle trip I've ever had and I
mean I'm totally satisfied with this
trampoline this trampoline cost it I
think it was 2000 new from like USA
trampolines calm I would totally
recommend this because chances of you
finding this trampoline it's like really
slim to none so I mean this one's widely
available I'd get this I mean it's still
a garden Tramp all these are garden
trampolines none of them are like
Olympic or anything these are just all
the tramps I would recommend this one
this one's probably my favorite because
this thing is just sketchy and this one
actually has a hole in it see if I can
find it yeah people are mowing our yard
right now so I'm leaving okay next we
have can I come to the Meetup so as most
of you know I hold a meet-up every year
it's the Midwest Meetup out of my house
just like a group of guys that I talk to
every day on Instagram we just meet up
and have like a whole week of fun stuff
trampolining flipping like everything
making videos tons of fun a lot of
people ask if they can come to the
Meetup and the reason that I don't
respond to people as can I come to the
meetup is because it's hard enough to
feed like the 15 people that come so if
like 50 people came that'd be like too
much money to spend and nobody would
ever get a turn on the trampolines
because it'd be too many kids and that's
just like too many people next question
do you make money off of youtube I get
ask this one on my youtube a lot and the
answer is yes I do make money you can't
make money off youtube if you're a
YouTube partner which I am a YouTube
partner and I do run ads on my videos
but I don't make that much money at all
and the money I do make goes into making
my videos like buying the camera musing
buying gaming setups and stuff yeah all
the money that I make from YouTube goes
into YouTube like I sold a couple of
failed videos like a lot of you guys are
asking why did I post a ton of fail
videos in the room I just wanted you
guys that like see all the fails because
I just those are leftovers that I
haven't put in like fail videos they
wanted to buy my fails so
I let them I post in the videos so now
they own it and they paid me for it but
all the money I make off YouTube goes
into buying stuff for YouTube so next
question will you shout me out I get
asked this a lot - the answer is maybe
if I know you I mean I shout out some
guys as you know on my Instagram I shout
out some people sometimes but most
summer just you know guys that I talk to
all the time if I shout them out like
they shout me out and you know that's
also a way to get some Instagram
followers is to do shout out for shadow
you know you say how you shout me out
I'll shout you out but if you do it
excessively then your followers going to
leave next question what do you edit
with so a lot of you might think that I
edit on my computer which I used to but
I don't I edit completely on my phone
now because it just takes up way too
much time to edit on a computer alright
so some of the apps that I use are video
shop I don't really use that anymore i
movies the big one okay this one's like
an apple app that Apple put in and you
it's just a really good video editor for
combining videos put music on it
whatever else so that what I use the
most is probably cute Cut Pro it's
basically a computer editor but on a
phone so so if any of you seen the video
that I just posted before this sorry I
deleted it but so it's just like a
complete video editor you can add in a
ton of stuff I'd completely recommend
this it is $6 for this app but I mean
it's totally worth it because once you
get good at it I mean it's just like
you're editing on a computer except it
just takes up way less time if you don't
the load up your computer and do all
that so one more that I edit with is
called video grade it's also like 7
bucks or something like that but video
grade allows you to change the
saturation and like a ton other stuff
here I'll show you guys choose a video
and with this you can change exposure
levels you can change like contrast
whatever all that so some of you ever
asked like why are my videos so colorful
how do you get them so colorful it's
because of this application because it I
mean once you end up paying all this
money you're still not paying as much as
you would on a computer and you get
pretty much the same result so and you
waste less of your time final question
we have
is why don't you have your shirt on okay
for all of you that flip you know that
wearing a shirt while you flip can like
get in your face and stuff it's really
annoying so yeah that's why I don't flip
with shirts on usually so that's it
thank you guys for watching subscribe
for more videos I hope that I answered a
lot of your guys's questions and so that
you can watch that and not keep asking
the questions my god
I know they tell me can't even see us to
overexpose anyway I take you guys for
watching subscribe for more videos I'll
be doing more and more videos my
mother's so messy but it's double a few
weekend on black ops 3 so I'm gonna get
set on my xbox for the next five hours
and took this answer to why do you get
this questions and subscribe for more
videos thanks for watching
peace
