no rose they're happy and stretchy what
is going on guys today we're back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day today I am here with Kendall
Kendall and I are working on our first
song together might might be more might
not I don't know we'll see how this one
goes but I can't show you guys any of it
yet not quite yet yeah it is 4:30 in the
afternoon it's about to get dark if
we're being honest but we've had a
productive day and here's a little bit
of what we've been doing
and since it's about to get dark we are
going to do something that doesn't
require a lot of sunlight we are going
to be doing carpool karaoke with your
very own Kindle Schmidt she's met Jimmy
Schmitz me we'll do some Big Time Rush
songs we'll do some songs from his new
band Heffron Drive we'll see how many I
know how many you know I'm gonna know
all of them and you should do yeah I do
we'll get some GoPros we'll take the are
a you've never driven in the or yeah all
right first time for everything let's do
it but before we do that I'm just trying
to eat some cereal and my mom this is
this a blanket do I get to keep this one
all those blankets they suck this one oh
it's big yes thank God we'll get more in
after the first of the year but for now
first-come first-serve cool and then
tank lion hats yep my hair is kind of up
so it doesn't really fit this one hold
on yeah maybe I need to fix this but you
know we need all this cool stuff come
out like where was I and a tan plan one
look at that and if you guys don't want
it I mean you can always put it like on
your rear view mirrors true I might be
putting this on mine actually it's this
kind of overboard I assured the hoodie
and put this all on my car the reason we
does I mean when you guys were a little
I did your ornament of something you
were into for the year true so if your
kid is into or you are into tell your
parents new shirts ah is this the
monthly shirt oh my god this is so
perfect
oh my god just look at all this stuff
it's just literally perfect
I like last year's two but we have trans
Gators so it's yeah I'm Tilly's it edit
in his voice yeah I don't have an editor
Oh Black Friday special okay we have two
things that are gonna happen Black
Friday if you order a hundred dollars
worth of merch not a hundred dollars
total checkout price yes hundred dollars
worth of merchandise you will get a free
Tanner and Rose poster insert picture
here wait wait hold on put your arms
like out okay right right there
sign as many as needed so this is not a
limited thing if you order a hundred
bucks worth of stuff you're gonna get a
free autographed poster Black Friday
special starts the minute this video is
that Thursday or it's giving day and it
will expire midnight central time sounds
good
on Friday on Friday next special cyber
monday on cyber monday if you spend $100
or more you get the free can clam water
bowls these are high quality Wow they
sparkle I didn't realize this but you do
not get to choose your color whatever
you get you get sorry well then I'm not
buying it okay
no fair mom no I'm done yeah we're
restocked on our eight hoodies we've got
Tang Clan hoodies we are ready to go for
Black Friday
cool also my shirts on the website to go
buy it see Frank are calm banker calm
commercial tailor safety burger calm
Thanks so my mom just heard the song how
do you like it you love it okay so it's
not finished yet but it will be in it
yeah thank you
yeah I mean hey I'm pretty good singer
let's go scene yeah yeah I know it's
dark I know I know I know it's like
bedtime but please please just help me
out we'll get in the carpool lane I'll
get there on time please okay thank you
so much oh you're here Oh
minute right well hey um thank you so
much for helping me out getting to wear
it wherever I'm going yeah that's cool
bro don't worry I know where I'm going
it's quiet car I know it really sucks
it's my I just pushed it did I mess it
up a little detour through the grass is
already a certain kind of music you like
your man you know you play whatever you
want man you're the only guy in the
neighborhood isn't RA right I think is
does anybody have a nice car in this
neighborhood some guys said he had a
Ferrari I've never seen it so he might
be one of those guys I may be one of
those guys we might need the windows
down for this one
no problem windows up it's called choose
a better song yeah it's good for maybe
summertime man that song sucks for
winter my GoPro fell what are the rest
of it with this big camera will hold it
up screw it that camera's gonna fall I
know
this is a good one I love Big Time
Rush's not a joke
go
one of you every day something new right
there someone get stopped again what the
hell is wrong with my stereo hey dude
could you get a better stereo I'm sorry
and I thought geez all right I wrote
this one really yeah like it's a
vacation let's do what we like to what
we like
for a circle
we might as well be this one my favorite
song
you know what you feel never make it
your own big time
it's actually insane like hearing you
seeing those next to me age 8 through 13
that watched us every day every single
day you actually watched it yeah have
all the episodes on my phone for like on
airplane oh dude it's a funny show it is
boy a big time rush it's just it's great
I don't hate on it it's a funny of
course I don't hate on it on the show
but I don't I mean like sometimes
there's something really like I was
whatever but yeah genuinely that show
was really funny you know see that right
there Big Time Rush that's right these
guys he's making moves now new band
Heffron Drive definitely check it out
check it out on YouTube get the iTunes
songs oh we didn't play we didn't do I'm
going to do and when to hold my ticket
and time if you're comfortable I got a
box outside if you want me try to take
his phone I got a one-way ticket
if you pull you over just for being too
cool yes they do that all the time are
you
you know he's got a whole team
all right I hope you guys enjoyed that
we'll see you back at home it's getting
dark I'm sorry I started this vlog so
late today it's just it's part of the
it's just it's just getting dark early
so that is the other thing oh there's a
cop again please don't pull me over fans
ooh cool I think it's likely hi rose I
see that tail what's up you haven't been
getting very much camera time lately and
I don't like it and she doesn't either
she's doing it in Oh tomorrow's
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving
everybody forgot but yeah we're back
inside and right now we're gonna be
doing the weekly Q&A you don't follow me
on Twitter go follow me on Twitter if
you want to be involved in the weekly q
and A's at Hannah brown Gardiner will
you ever make a DIMMs clothing store if
so please make one in New York City such
a big fan thank you very much Cameron
and also something very very big
happened recently I've kept it on the
lowest of lows and for those of you that
watch my weekly QAS and watch my videos
all the way through you're gonna find
out stuff like this dibbs clothing is
basically already in stores it's going
into a store called the buckle by
Christmas my clothing line is going to
be in stores in like five hundred
locations across the United States I
think most of the stores are in the
Midwest but it's actually insane like do
you know how big of a deal this is
good where did you get that amazing
blanket this one's from Tanner bra from
guard Fragonard good nerve I got it from
a little place called T Braungart calm
and it's freaking huge it's a little
expensive but guess what it is soft and
it is amazing do you regret wrapping
your Audi r8 I know I complain about it
sometimes in my videos like too many
people look or it makes me feel like I'm
on pins and needles like I always have
to be anxious looking around because
everyone's staring at me but honestly no
it's probably the coolest car ever no
other car has a custom-made Rose built
into the wrap with a matching tattoo on
their body plus its chrome rose gold how
do you choose your music for your edits
which I enjoy very much well thank you
very much a little random edits
throughout the videos that I really love
making in yesterday's video I think it
was a club going up on a Tuesday by
Drake that song had just been stuck in
my head ever since I went on the
cross-country trip and RV with all the
guys so I was like hey it's kind of just
whatever I'm listening to and I think
you guys would like where guys my camera
is gonna die it's on low battery so I'm
gonna go ahead in this video here and I
hope you guys enjoyed it
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
and hopefully you like insurance friends
enjoyed subscribe for you and I'll see
you guys next one
you just maybe
