what's up guys today we're going to be
teaching you how to do a triple front
flip on garden trampoline so first you
need to be able to do a double I can't
do anymore if I suck
but sure you can you need to be able to
land a double and at least like this
much after we're gonna do a triple you
need a bound time and then hold all
sides so you should be able to do that
and then whatever you're gonna do a
triple you need to be like heard about
your hide you can like this lightly and
then when you go for it have your arms
above your head and just thrown and then
whenever you talk and you grab your legs
jerk them to the side new rodeo toxiel
spin faster and then there's any
technical time so we're all going to do
a trip to throw up right now they're
really easy I'll go first
that's at your front you might get a
double bow for it like this you can make
it your but easier no you're not you're
doing but you can so that's really hard
you got to do so triple try they're
really easy what'd you just do to go out
and do it you can use pads if you want
it's not that scary
I use bass cuz they just give me
confidence thanks for watching and
subscribe
