hey guys today I'm gonna be showing you
how to do a double backflip on a garden
trampolines so I'll show you the steps
in a minute but if you have a trampoline
gym nearby you or anything with a foam
pit you need to go to that first because
that's gonna give the feeling of doing a
double backflip so you know what it
feels like you know how much you need to
spin because so once you do that
trip away Jim didn't know if okay like
ten times I've stood scared because I
didn't know if I was gonna make it
around or how I was gonna win or I'm
gonna fly off the side to drown still
really scare yourself after you do that
for a long time you're gonna want to get
mattresses out I'll show you in a second
all these mattresses that I use for my
first arrest look I have about 30
pillows in my basement but I use these
foam mattresses right here they're just
pretty much bed mattresses that I got at
an auction and I was working for so back
to the video so if you don't have a
phone cuz place near you or anything
like that and you've no experience
definitely use foam pads to support your
fall even if you think you're gonna win
on sweet we're still good
how did you can by swinging your arms
between your arms will you hide on a
trampoline be like swing you're on time
you can't then when you tuck I mean it
doesn't really matter too much in a
double backflip instead they don't fret
don't the rodeo Tucker's cowboy tuck it
whatever they call it but I mean it
helps but I don't do it I just fucked
regularly so I'll show you double back
loop
get up tight and my swing in your arms
throw back you do one you know you've
done one down the feeling then you just
do another one you know what that feels
like
just adding a whole nother one after
you've done it so you think it's gonna
feel weird it feels like it should
it just does so but you guys feel like
you're gonna do two and a half that's
gonna put you on your feet and I'm still
working on combos into no black folks
because I can't do them yet still
so that's a no back foot landed but
you're not gonna land it which probably
won't you first time I didn't land it to
like my 7/3 tribe but like that it
doesn't hurt you think it will don't
land on your knees like straight you pop
your back when something back something
bad but it's pretty much it guys thank
you for watching my go back home to toil
and watch my other trampoline video then
subscribe
