hey guys today I'm going to be showing
you how to do a double front flip on a
trampoline there's a lot of tutorials
out there but I'm going to try to make a
really good one that will help you get
the courage to do one and just to get
confident alright so there's a few steps
to doing this bunch of grass on the feet
but you're going to need to be able to
do a front flip of course so and you're
going to need a tuft um second off try
to do front flips but in little bounces
so like I'm going to understand here so
I'd like go out a little bit to those to
the side sometimes but so do that you
just stand there jump up jump up it's
just rippling you're not gonna get hurt
if you know what you're doing
which you can already do a couple if
you're looking at double front flip
tutorial so next I want you guys to try
to jump up you're going to do a front
flip and then on your back then you're
going to do a front flip after going on
your back off your back so this is what
it's going to look like now I'll show
you again I'll try to win it this time
Oh No
so better than landed that but you do
that you'll that's like over rotating
sits out of the way all right now try to
do it off your back it's just is pretty
much like doing the second front flip on
your double front flip so this will get
you this will be warmed up for like
doing it on purpose it's the same thing
but this is probably actually harder
than a double front flip jump here jump
back and on your back
I took under my legs when I do that but
I mean you'll have two and a double
front flip you're not gonna be talking
about here so next I don't know if you
guys can do this or not like not that
hard but what you want to do is you're
going to want to do a front flip but
you're going to over rotate on your
stomach so I'll show you what it looks
like see do that I'm not one of those in
frames that felt really weird but that's
what you do you go from plus and he's
pretty much just open up make sure you
don't go a little bit over I went a
little bit over I smacked my face there
but it doesn't hurt it's a strain
between so next we're just gonna do it
over a foot you're probably gonna want
to use pads I'm not going to use in but
we're not going to try to line it yet so
I'll show you how to land it in tutorial
and the same tutorial this one but later
on the video so I don't front flip not
landed you're gonna do one just like
that over a paid-for up look but you
just get into another half turn if you
haven't ever done well phones hit me you
definitely need to go get some still
lows inside of something just change
that I don't know you just find
something so
jumps up you're gonna get when you get
really good like one bounce but so
actually I'll show you how you guys to
do it this you know front flip and you
got to over rotate it in the helper on
your headlights you're gonna land on
your butt or your back you're probably
lying on your back
I've perfected what it's gonna like
where you learn that you're gonna when I
do it I know how I'm gonna land after
you do it like three times you're going
to know I'd five jump this high I'm
going left here touch up this height I'm
going here so I know how fast I spin
he'll jump how high I jump is where it's
going to put me in my double front flip
at the end of it so now I'm going to get
high and I'm going to try to land I
don't circle if I than anyone in a while
so that's a landing double front flips
just land it you just gotta do your
double front flip like this like but
you're gonna keep going not to the point
that you go over but to where you know
that you have done a second front flip
and you are going to land on your feet
now your first times you're not going to
land stayed on the streets it's just
it's not going to do it if you have to
adjust the landing so so you land on
your feet and your to fall back it's
going to look like this and you really
don't struggle in that but so it doesn't
hurt any eventually you'll get it you
just keep rotating it feels like you
need to open up but it's gonna feel like
almost two and a half before you landed
but don't
keep tough the entire time that's what's
gonna hurt you shatter your teeth on
your knees or I don't know you're gonna
whiplash your neck on your eyes before
you just got a steak talk until you know
you have done - like to be blind on your
back you're no-one on tucked in you know
talk a little bit longer
and you got to get a little bit higher
and then once you do that it's got
untucked and you're going to keep your
own Ford's after your tuck you don't
just stop and fall you got to keep
rotating so that's when you can my
mounted feet in like have that jolt so
you can all your momentum goes your feet
you can land it it's not just like
you're not going to land there perfectly
still do you got a like in my little
truffle I'll slow it down in the video I
can and show you guys what it looks like
I had to talk a little bit to the side
but I don't know that's just how I learn
first one is usually normal but that's
it guys you've got to go for it but you
know use cushion Java done and okay if
you have a foam pit area near you like a
traffic jam or something definitely go
to that before you attempt on here same
goes with delve actual for any other
double foot because higher chance of you
getting hurt if you have no experience
and you're just going to go for it so
thank you guys for watching watch by the
tutorials and subscribe for more
trampoline videos
