hey guys today I'll show you how to go
back on the ground it's really easy but
you need to practice with like a cushion
or something that's what I did and
pretty much you're just going to want to
throw yourself up and then tuck tuck
with your legs because not tucking is
not going to get you anywhere I mean you
make it around but talking is going to
get you the most you're going to make it
around easy throw yourself straight up
don't worry about going backwards cuz
you're naturally going to go backwards
straight up so it looks like that really
easy trick I'm 13 and I'm only like 5 -
so it's you don't have to be taller
shorter doesn't really matter it doesn't
really matter what age you start out
either you can be 20 or you could be 5
doesn't matter just you just got to jump
high start on something soft if you have
a trampoline definitely start there
really easy trick as long as you have
confidence in yourself you're not get
you don't like freak out men on your
head make it around even if you win
squatted maybe on one knee better than
landing on fat so that's it just make it
round thanks for watching subscribe
