hey guys today I'm going to be showing
you how to do a backflip off the
trampoline without any cushions or
anything first you're going to want to
build up courage by using cushions just
for practice go from like three to two
to one and do each of them about three
times two or three times
get used to it using small cushions and
then when you're ready you're going to
want to do it off the side of the
trampoline you can't bounce and do it
well I guess you can but I guess it's
just going to be more risky I'd say do
this with two people and you don't need
a spot or anything I don't really know
how that would help but this is how you
do it so I'm going to do one for you
right now and show you what it looks
like
on the rail and then you're going to
want to fall back just about an inch
I'm a landed mine yet so I want to keep
at it do not do this like a whole bunch
at one time you're going to start to
hurt your knees and your your feet so
that's it guys subscribe
