Tom's friends got them back turn around
turn around there it is folks you're in
the blog route I freaking love you tea
brung out doc um there is so much sand
in my camera what is going on guys today
we're back in today I hope you guys are
all having a great day we are back in
Kansas my hair is back it's up yeah this
morning woke up at like 9:00 a.m. and
I'd been up all night so I drove half
asleep to get my haircut and it turned
out pretty good and Quinton is almost
here with his brand-new Corvette c6 I'm
guessing I get a ride in it I really
hope so my Audi r8 is actually still at
the Audi dealership and which talk cuz
it was on display here as a picture it
looks so sick my crocks are still just
vile okay that means disgusting these
are going in the closet of memories on
the souvenir shelf soon I just got to
get a new pair of first so I'm gonna
order those today but I will probably
just have Quentin driving me to the Audi
dealership and then we will drive around
together oh god I saw Poland by the way
here is our brand-new Christmas tree it
is so freaking huge it is so sick this
house is meant to be Christmassy because
whenever we bought it it had this
Christmas tree in it oh my god I'm
height let's see it
Oh looking a smile on his face he's a
freaking car driver sorry I have both in
my car does it actually go up to 200 I
need answers this is freaking sweet so
much trunk space I'm jealous I only have
a front so this part was on the ground
oh my god that's how low it was it was
that much lower that is so freakin love
thank you mom it's good to be back home
already gave you a hug buggy one for you
too oh I love her oh well maybe you hate
me hi Tyler all right Tyler I'm jealous
of your all-black car you probably don't
get stared out as much as me oh you're a
push start to you I don't even have push
start my car is better than yours it is
you take these you unlatch these and
then this one you can take the top oh
yeah it's like a convertible kind of
thing bro we both have cool cars right
now
yeah we're just kids no we should really
go to college we're trapped in now we're
definitely gonna race someday soon I
want to get my RA on a track it's never
been on a track I always speed it
illegally why am i admitting them but
the time I hit a guy with my car that
was completely legal
and to get out you just hit a little
button wait he's gotta be in LOC just
hit a little button and it unlocks Wow
there she is parked right next to the
other r8 both v10 both sexy Hey
authorized personnel only what do you do
this is a 2017 this is the one I test
you remember you did yeah it's been a
week since I drove it so let's get the
cold start I know I put it in my blogs a
lot
I forgot how loud it was you're gonna
win okay we'll go home we'll have a
little red battle oh my god I miss this
car guys i'm so hype let's freaking out
girl she chose a club going on Tuesday
got your girl in the cup she chooses
going
I just did three in a row themselves
this bag the bag the bag not put the
world on
so it is witty and it is cold but guys
this is it this is the moment I've been
waiting for no not really but how should
we have the red bottle in front of the
neighbor's house that came to our door
cuz my car see loud should I
alright no I will right now okay fine
you'll hear it anyway nice tripod bro
mines way better let's do this
I always say after a red battle it was a
tie
I wish your car was classified as a
supercar so I could put it in the title
oh that's it dude they're all out of
wool crocs on Amazon what am I gonna do
these are literally one-of-a-kind I
brought them to Egypt the ruin do not
come here but we are going it's the best
buy real quick and then to my grandma's
house cuz I haven't seen her in a long
time and I love my grandparents bro
you're out to be a good grandchild
that's just part of the game windows
down even though it's like you know
freezing outside I think this is a good
time to say thank you on behalf of
Quinton and I just a reminder thank you
guys so much for watching all of our
videos thank you for subscribing thank
you for liking thank you for every
comment although I work hard you guys
are the ones that watch my videos and
stay tuned and I freaking love you for
that that's why we are the tan clan and
that's why we're driving around right
now bro I love you guys by the way I'm
not bad at parking okay my car's just
really small there's plenty of room up
here
iPhone X you're still not gonna make me
cater I know where's that home button uh
nowhere that's why I'm not getting do
you think this sub would fit and the
little thing in my car and then that
drunk yeah I bet you have to get the box
custom-built that's too big I probably
would I really want a new stereo system
my heart I mean that's the only bad
thing about it whenever I'm going 100
with the windows down I can't even hear
the music well this is my first time and
forever that I'm leaving Best Buy
empty-handed same as him
day got your girl and the cutter she
chooses her squad going
nobody flipping packs now I just did
three in a row themselves bang bang bang
oh okay that wasn't that fast because I
put the camera away too close to the
dirt road down there so I had to slow
down but this road gives me flashbacks
I'm actually scarred for life he's
talking crap over there but now we're
both cool I like a boat haha
yeah you lock up see she doesn't talk I
smell that fire a mile away
well goodbye Taylor I mean we just got
here but uh mommy is here to take her to
her friend's house
grandma's home and she brought groceries
everybody welcome home
you need help bringing in some groceries
sure where's it at back there
these are Christmas presents I'm not
allowed to see oh crap crap crap crap
we're gonna finish off my grandma's
house with some cute Instagram pictures
not leaving my shoes in them because I
don't have my pink Crocs your toes
Mosby's they are look they're red this
is it this is the spot this is what
we're going for here's the pictures guys
wow those were nice you find another
kitty here kitty kitty kitty
oh whoa yes you got one kind of scared
it and I got it again Oh cats go next I
could Tiger didn't I also feel like it's
a lot easier to get a full 10 minute or
more vlog for you guys while I'm in
Kansas cuz on the RV trip I was kind of
struggling we would drive and then it
would just cut to a whole different part
of the day it was kind of rough I'm also
free to go first off I want to say I
love your homescreen second I know you
just got here but I'm going home
you should've been earlier so goodbye
have fun don't eat all your groceries
cuz I'll be back yeah hi girls I know I
just cheated on you with my grandma's
dog look they're gonna start smelling me
in two seconds
they're gonna be like what the hell look
at it glow can't wait for presents to be
under this waitress oh no the presents
going under this tree or are they going
upstairs true the dogs will tear my we
have a second Christmas tree it is right
here this is the one that we use like
last year I think this one is just more
for looking pretty because you can see
it through the front door it's so cool
please don't drive by my house yeah this
one I was like six and just random stuff
we bought this we'll have all of our
family ornaments that we made in
preschool but yeah guys we are gonna go
ahead and in this video here and I hope
you guys enjoyed it and thank you so
much for watching another day in the
life oopsy-daisy another day in the life
of Tanner Brown Gardner but yeah I think
you lost this video and don't really
like your friends if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys next
I also feel like it's a lie easier to
get a full 10 minute or more vlog
whenever I'm in kids
you just maybe
