today I'm going to teach you guys how to
do a back foot you're going to want to
excel yourself how I learned is you just
I just fell backwards and then when I
was like halfway I just pushed off and
back foot but you want to get your toes
about in the middle you know your heels
off you could have them all the way on
it doesn't matter but then you want to
stand here I'm going to fall back and
launch hop okay so this is what it looks
like
we got the heater on so it's kind of
warm you can keep it on see all but like
three four three four or five months in
a year but depending on how cold it gets
ya had better camera I'd slow it down
but I can't lose this one but just like
I said you want to stand on the end and
just fall off and push another thing you
can do is it's just a back dive like
this you just want to fall you can look
back just for practice
just look back and push off
so yeah that's it
I can't turn off the camera cuz my hands
are wet
there we go thanks for watching and
subscribe
