what is going on guys today we're back
in today hope you guys are all having a
great day smell my croc I dare you so it
is basically my last day with all the
guys today I'm staying the night in the
desert tonight we're almost there right
now actually and then I'm flying out in
the morning at LAX flying back home to
Kansas but today is the day we are going
to be making the slip and slide with the
air tracks and we got some water wait
let me tell you how my morning went
first thing I got up I went to the
bathroom then we went and we got gallons
of water 15 and gallons of spring water
into we left one gallon for someone else
and then shark fell asleep
hey stinker it's time to drive and then
Solomon tripped over the water and then
I got a fire hat and we are now entering
Arizona because we were just in Mexico
actual Mexico the only different now
that we're in Arizona so the exact same
it's not driving this mothership and
these aren't the little kiddie air
tracks that we used in yesterday's video
one of them's 40 feet that's all I know
and then we're just gonna stack them up
slide down maybe ramp off of it I'm so
ready and if you can't tell my shower
today was to be pouring a water bottle
over my head oh my god there they are
guys this sand dune this is a dream come
true I've always wanted to see the
desert never seen it before look is just
endless I can't wait
it actually looks fake guys this is so
sick yep
no way oh I made a joke about Egypt but
this is actually Egypt we've made it to
Mexico more flexible up this air track
after we get our photo shoot of course
this is for sure the mountain that we
are going to slip and slide down we'll
get some mad speed America
this thing is massive
a backflip off the roof that thing under
the sand
well why do you kiss marks on your
forehead Oh God you've been kissing
girls how we are about to race the
sunset and try to hear this thing I'm
trying to make it a slippage slide let's
go
rip our dreams technical difficulties
with that hair pump yeah she's making a
little collecting noises she's not ready
to go looks like we're just gonna have
to use it without air we're just gonna
slide down I mean that's a good tarp
screw it
oh my so let's get some down what
started up yeah
yep go first jump yeah that's not even
that fast but ask me if I care
we're in the desert with an air track
Oh Oh it's actually so painful because
the sand
her dollar versace robe okay but the
standings have done to this man sanders
are not gentle they'll scratch you up in
this is more fun of my dreams but still
lit they come at you well you don't
expect that these sand dunes are vicious
we're gonna let Paul do his last flip
and then we are going to just flip
because slip slides now we're canal
polish been training years one two three
are you okay
I'm gonna rub his cranial brushed on
that placenta don't take off his pants
take off you
I can't wait for tonight because there's
zero light pollution out here in the
desert that guy way up there's got a
tripod life is a beach and I'm just
playing in the sand
yo guys all we are is dust in the wind
it's freaking purple over there bro
and you're peeing look it becomes the
instant mud in that cool you learn
something every day so a tan clan I'm
gonna be getting new pink Crocs what a
day adventuring we're gonna put up the
blue thing and we're gonna take a
freaking nap and then we're gonna way
for the stars
hi mom how are you wait I'm gonna
FaceTime you what am i doing I'm in the
middle of the desert might be bad
service are you by the big plan oh wait
why are you there
I Tyler tell me why yeah we're setting
up a big old Christmas tree it's like 12
feet oh yes I'm very excited to be back
guys I'm the life of the party I'll be
back and wait tomorrow I'll be back by
the time this video is up I'll be on a
plane every day bro crying I'm gonna
make it my hair plane now I need a
haircut bad horrible shower nice looks
so ugly it's so bad but we're camping
out in the middle of the sand dune
desert tonight yeah so now a shark got
on the sand what's up my dream it's in
California yes you walked up the sand
dune with their leg I did yeah now we're
just chillin in our underwear making
some dinner
we got macaroni and hamburgers coming up
I'm learning how to flip better that's
pretty much it yeah but we're gonna go
to Colorado like a week after I get back
we're gonna go freakin skiing with a
cabin and a fireplace is gonna be dope
because I'm looking at adventure life
now was the Lady Gaga concert fun yes I
hate you guys not being in the vlog like
they've just been experiencing me
sitting in the RV but also doing crazy
stuff Paul is a new part of the family
though so okay good night
about your sin you're gay yes I will I
call them gay all the time her sister
likes other sisters they happen oh yes
what guys Quinton bought his freaking
dream car and I'm gonna leave a link in
the description tell me I won't you I
will he just bought a Corvette zo6 right
is that it c6 not the oh I'm sorry I'm
working on becoming a car guy but anyway
we're gonna freakin race our cars that's
gonna be so fun and we're also just
gonna drive around Kansas and have the
best time I can't wait I'm gonna need
some macaroni goodnight here is my kind
of dinner because we are waiting for the
stars to come out and we're gonna go
outside we're gonna take some more
pictures on top of our vehicle it that I
adventure in my Instagram bio yeah but
yeah guys we are gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching don't really like me sure
the defense if you enjoyed subscribe be
nude and I'll see you guys next one
but you came looking like that you just
maybe
