I call this my demonetised shirt what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day we're all piling in the car right
now we're gonna go get some lunch and
then we're going to surprise Logan's
sister at a v8 which is a trampoline gym
I used to go to a VA all the time but
one time I went there and I had a bad
experience they hated me I didn't like
them but I guess we're going back there
today because we got a surprise her hey
Dylan no vaping yo that be Hirth day
let's go how are you can I jump on the
trampolines or am I not invited to the
party I guess yeah
no one steal my Gucci wallet here oh hi
Dan thank you
xxx that was the dumbest purchase ever
but I didn't buy a Lambo I bought that
instead
yeah oh I miss you a few moments later
well we gotta get signed in to jump and
I don't want to go make a waiver and all
that and this place isn't that great so
time to go Lexie it's nice meeting you
we'll see you later
I had a lot of fun at your party let me
see it man yes you go back there doing
yeah I'm going he's covering up with a
unicorn was no Luna was in the garage
when we pulled in yep there's new marks
oh my god no oh my gosh yes it is bad
Luna look on the back and look at right
here those are all new scratches right
there look I don't know what I'm gonna
do about this guy's officially a segment
on my channel where my dog puts new
scratches into my car and then we say
how upset we are I know ya mess with the
paint but yeah cuz if I was never sell
this car you have to take the rap often
exactly but it's yours yo first oh just
your signature scratches ladies and
gentlemen we've got a chrome rose-gold
2014 audi r8 with 9,000 miles on it
comes with the signature scratches from
luna herself also known as Runa
is the dog of Tanner bragging argh and
oh just look at it oh God
oh you email me for prices loon I quit
pissing me off
hey mom
I have a question what do you do when
YouTube hates the shit out of you and
you kind of hate them and you kind of
don't want to make a video
you're really unmotivated but you also
like supercars and you also love the tan
clan and you also stole Quentin's tank
top and it's kind of nighttime and you
have it filmed and you're kind of a lazy
bastard but at the same time you have no
passion for it because it feels like a
job and I find your way back to this or
find another passion huh oh yeah we
tried to film a reacting video it was
kind of funny here's a little bit of
that I don't think I deleted the footage
yet I know I talked about this so much
on my channel but I used to film things
I loved which was like trampoline and
whatnot and now what do I even love like
need to figure out what you love and
then decide if you want to film it I
need to go on Oprah and have her help me
I've got it just kidding I have no idea
I like to Z especially when she sleeps
like a human what are you doing hey what
are you what are you looking at what's
up there oh it's the glimmer from the
phone oh oh oh go get it rose it's on
the wall
maybe I'll just film us sitting here for
nine hours because get this then yeah
that's a goal it doesn't matter you two
won't put me in my own subscribers boxes
anymore maybe go collab with tanner Fox
and say stealing his girlfriend question
I've got it my dog is frozen in time
seriously why did she do this use
literally frozen well goodnight alright
Missy it's time after talking to my mom
for six minutes or so and trying to find
something that I want to film that I
care about which is Guitar Hero guys it
is like 10 p.m. right now I really don't
know what to film I put myself in this
position numerous times it is completely
my fault so uh Jennifer and I my girl
space friend yeah she's my friend that's
a girl haha clickbait lol it's on my
mercy burger calm oh there's a blanket -
Jennifer actually got me this blanket
you know you're the best sometimes ah
come here not this song let's find one
that we both really like okay and then
we'll battle it out and if you didn't
know Jennifer's actually good she's
hitting these notes right now see she
played guitar here growing up just like
I did okay captain
I think we are rolling get a little rose
light oh wow this thing still turns on
you guys already know who's gonna win
whenever she has savage on her case you
actually play first but let's find a
song real quick no no no no so if you
guys don't know this game is called
clone hero it's basically all the guitar
heroes put into one like there's just a
bunch of custom songs
I mean ocean man's always an option
there's this version of ocean man
whole genome and save me by that and
leave me to go away I guess we can play
it you can go first okay you suck you
suck you're gonna fail
take me by the hand lead me to the land
14:03 don't make her choke the rule is
no touching the other person but I can
yell in your ear all I wanna see the
wonder of amazing let's go she might be
better than I thought this song is also
not as hard as I thought
god I actually do love this song so much
spongebob movie really really set the
course for this
because I know when you miss and when
it's awkward stop make me by the head
and lead me to the land that you
understand from what you see the voyage
to the corner of the globe is a real
what could I do this
perfect alright now the ocean man's turn
let's see what we got five stars
96% accuracy a note streak of 208 and a
score of 85,000 can I beat it
maybe I doubt Debbie you better
subscribe to find out oh my god what did
you do to this it was in your bag no no
I'm just messing with you expert here we
go
we'll do a harder song after this by the
way guys as you can tell I could do this
tonight
295 note Street by the way fuck did I do
this
fuck me oh look at that 99% accuracy no
streak of 2 97 5 stars hundred 18,000 oh
is she upset Go Go Power Rangers I'd
probably copy written oh I love this
song
you guys are understanding why I play
this all the time right I guess we have
no choice guys take on me let's do it
you're gonna love listening to this song
twice there we go
this way
I like this song it sounds good singing
a cracker boy
someone can turn out sorry guys
god is poison beautiful here's the good
part yes
focus here's the final stretch she's
rounding the third and yelling for home
will she do it
I'm cutting so much of this out you're
welcome we're living this right now
thank you for singing it young man
all right she ended with a hundred
sixty-eight thousand two hundred
thirty-one you got two stars you see
that two of them that's kind of ass you
got sixty-two percent accuracy
I know streak of 83 all right I'm gonna
need extreme concentration for this one
thank you very much um here we go guys
know what that this guitar is messed up
you did
ya see me hit these notes yeah you do it
alright I can't even hit these starpower
oh we got a little bully crap
I'm just trying to get the green ones
come on come on this is why we work out
holy crap
no streak of 69 accuracy seventy-five
three stars yeah two hundred seventy
seven thousand guys we're gonna go ahead
in this video here because it's late
it's past my bedtime
don't be like everybody really really
able to have that subscribe goodnight
you just maybe
