yeah guys we made it to the sand dunes
I'm just kidding no we did not
what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day we're walking into a skate
park for some reason it's gonna be lit
today we are meeting with Jake Angela's
right now and I think maybe Dylan Hawk
later do something pretty close get some
air boom guys I got to go to the RV it
was nice meeting you bro we're about to
start driving and I'm in the shower I
mean I'm done with my shower at this
point I'm basically just doing it for
the vlog okay we're moving this is my
first whoa whoa guys look at the light
changing oh crap oh crap oh dude your
house is freakin sick and there's dog
out and I miss my dog OHS but you'll do
this one's weird this thing has two
traveling check it's got the double u
that's not bad
there's a third one broken looks about
like my backyards over there I'll know
if you can see it you no way bro this
thing I'm about to do some crappy tricks
and film my good friends doing good
tricks oh another dog your freaky cute
all right Tanner get it
commit
I was a broken trampoline flag
yeah
so to get some practice in before the
desert we were going to go grab the air
track and we're gonna set it up
somewhere out here by the trampolines I
don't know we'll make an awesome setup
just pull over there pretty shallow
pretty small by the way we found a
fourth dog and it's just as cute as the
other one of the cars in Jacobs garage
has the wheel on the right side this
thing is straight out of Japan and has
the same horsepower as my RA it's also
manual so you have to shift with your
left hand he was telling me that's nuts
yeah it's about the same high Z all
right let's get Bailey out here maybe he
can flip this one yeah triple back bolt
this time
so this is a an air track again it's
just a little guys trampoline versus air
track Oh No oh dude please don't land on
your head please be careful
No
for five
now get up there and show them what you
got that's right I believe in you run
all the way home and up top so you get
there
yeah
yeah
is it freezing felt like I was submerged
in a glacier and then going up to the
summit of the collisional course it was
just freezing
I'm soaked by that
oh my god do you have a bull thermometer
like it proved my point real quick guys
I was freezing to the shark she's not
getting in the water she's gonna flex
the background
she made it to the other side world
traveler we're going back to the RV now
thanks again for letting us use your
house I believe in yes I'm leaving
we're going to the desert right now fine
goodbye oh thank God we had Chipotle
earlier and I saved some so we got one
stop before we go to the desert and it
is to do their humbling clinic I'm
missing summer so much right now because
I could film anytime like up till 10
o'clock at night and it would still be
bright it's almost dark and it's like
5:00 what's up you say hi to my friend
teddy she's ready
this place has trampolines right now
just floors no it's just for shoot I see
at least one little little guy
we've got Evan Horner building guys I
used to talk this guy on this gram every
day and I was like yeah let's meet up
let's meet up and then now it's
happening so weird life's crazy we got
another room in here with a bunch of
random stuff a lot of floors they're
missing trampolines so whatever
we got my boy right here with the old
school poster let me see it
let's do I'll resign it for you
this is called the shaft and it's a new
movement through revolution
okay guys I'm gonna Jake Paul this last
clip
everybody just screaming your minds out
whenever I say goodbye Tang Clan goodbye
I don't know how well you guys can see
me right now but I just want to say that
was honestly such a fun experience
chillin with all them oh thank you
Bailey I love every kid there was just
so nice and so cool and I love that my
video bring people together and I swear
the Tang Clan is full of the nicest
coolest people that are going to be so
successful and just awesome people in
this world and I freaking love you for
that Tang Clan for life and uh you want
to hear some bad news we're not going to
the desert right now we are tomorrow but
we're not staying the night there
because you see I left my wallet at home
and then my mom overnighted it to me I
have to have it to get on the plane to
get back home we were gonna pick it up
at the FedEx place right around the
corner from the gym but they were closed
so now we got to find a spot to stay at
for tonight finally we are here wait is
this just another parking lot or we in a
parking lot or an RV park really we're
at a Walmart it is 146 a.m. and your boy
is very tired and I gotta get up and I
gotta edit row' cuz it's almost every
single day so I'm gonna go ahead and end
this vlog here and thank you so much for
watching and don't forget your thumb if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys next
what is life this is just a random
movement
yeah
Oh
goodnight Chicago
you just maybe
