the level of difficulty of editing a
video while we're driving let me tell
you what is going on guys today we're
back and today I hope you guys are all
having a great day Rock just flew up and
hit our windshield we got a little crack
yeah sharks are not happy about that one
that's another dime out of the bank Oh
everybody be quiet listen to that it's
so windy out dude
New Mexico why are you so windy what's
up family how you doing I bet you're
from Kansas aren't you gosh that mean
okay
but like I said I hope the Chan clan is
all smiling today I hope you guys are
all having a great day I hope you're
going out and doing something fun we're
just watching my video thank you been so
busy and caught up with all the stuff
we've been doing I've been forgetting to
say tank Lane in the vlogs I have it on
my foot Paul reminded me this morning
thank you again I kind of wish his name
was Roger like from American Dad but
Paul the alien was also a movie wait
hold out dude that guy's from the Meetup
two guys his name's Greg Rowe some woman
just found him inside yeah we say he
looks like a 40 year old gamer because
he kind of does but he's amazing a
trampoline our Wi-Fi is not plentiful in
these times we just love New Mexico and
we are in Arizona and bagels is making
bagels I'm ready to
out of this RV and on some sand dune a
little disclaimer I'm so sorry the sand
dunes are not in this video because of
some reasons that you guys will figure
out but just please be patient I know
I'm so sorry it's gonna be lit when it
happened so yeah any idea where we are
why it's so loud it's so loud because
everything shakes but we're in the
middle of Arizona and that actually made
for the middle of nowhere four points
six two million years ago I'm trying to
find out all the beautiful girls in
Arizona where do they raise them Bailey
I found out who you look like
you look like millionaire Matt Davis
from American
I keep talking about it but you look
like him keyword ah
you
whatever flavors falling apart all my
days spent bad
well it seems like I just woke up but
his uh it's night big surprise Arizona
feels just like California there's even
palm trees lining the streets and we are
walking right now to meet up with this
guy who makes videos it's kind of like
me but he makes good videos on the
streets right now of ASU Arizona State
University second largest school in the
country he's going to be getting some
cinematics I'll try and depending on how
dark he gets maybe we'll do flips maybe
we'll walk maybe we'll just sit down and
cry slow down you know I'm out of shape
bro you're gonna give me a piggyback
ride thank you because I'm winning I
think that hurt more than walking what a
pretty place guys we are in right now it
is just so cool here in California but
more spread-out
this videographer better get some sick
shots of my red carpet shirt nice try
ours is better and the guy who's
videoing us is named like his nickname
is campus lens and we're at a campus
happies sneaking up to do the sneak
attack flip oh my god five hey your
foots broken get off of it what's up
nice to meet you tanner so I guess the
main video idea here is that they're
doing a photo shoot and then us flippers
come and crash it don't know how it's
gonna work but
okay all right we're filming a video
right now especially like check it look
oh so I was wondering I do a handstand
and ride your board oh okay
sure man I saw you just ride in the
frame past him and Shiva what the SIRT
filmy like I've actually never seen
anybody do it so I'm ready
if you buy bagels on a rider back thank
you
sorry
now it's my big scene where I get to
pretend to vlog and he's gonna come
flippin by name and all right here we
got the snow bunnies live cameraman on
yes all are you ready what's up guys is
a vlog today normal dog I hope you'll
log in to are we done can you don't um
Paul right now have you guys seen the
video of Batman getting hit by the car
no way I just found a mini Luna guys
Lunas my dog by the way that's my Luna
voice my dog okay
thank you oh my god I love Luna I miss
Luna so much right now saw saw saw saw
yo we never went to college and I don't
think we planned on it never this is
what it's like dude I've never
there's fireplaces couches chairs but
I'm telling you guys tomorrow's vlog is
going to be absolutely sick flipping
over hot girls isn't cool to you then
today's was it but Bailey's legs hurt
Solomon's heels or bruised actually dead
10 quarts in the last one somehow try to
get a need for some reason and he can do
flips on one foot but Jack's the only
one that's like a hundred I guess I am
but I'm just you know he's Jack I'm
alright backflip
special bond or everybody else has been
doing flips it's my turn for Collier so
Wow
boys we better find the RV key I'm about
to take off my pants I know I'm sweating
get me out of these wool crock all right
you took too long we find the keys
dude I was just about to join the No
Pants no I just showed that everybody
take them off right now Oh Paul I'm in
my underwear I'm down to come snuggle if
you want
hi I'm too lazy to get up and close the
door just don't look back here okay so
again I know I said that today was gonna
be the sand dunes and I'm so sorry for
that guys I still hope you enjoyed
today's vlog but we're gonna go ahead
and end it here and I'm not gonna forget
it I freakin love you tank lion I don't
even know how I ever forgot that to
begin with but seriously thank you guys
so much for watching all my videos I'm
neither going back to Kansas Sunday or
Tuesday one of the two I don't know yet
well I've been having fun this trip and
who knows maybe I might even force
myself out of my comfort zone even more
in the future go to like Europe I want
to go to Sweden and Alaska I want to see
the Northern Lights oh yeah I think you
guys so much watch this video and don't
forget like shirt friends you enjoyed
subscribe you're new and I'll see you
guys next time
you just maybe
