goodbye RV park i mean i didn't really
see you i've just stayed in the van good
morning everybody you know I brought
something my backpack Bailey I just
stuffed my robe down in it we're gonna
put the robe on Paul one of these days
what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day I am chillin on the couch we
are about to pick up our good friend
Solomon he has been in the vlogs before
he's also amazing it flipped okay I
guess this couch should really have a
seat belt cuz I've realized like Jack
doesn't know how to drive
oh she's taller now
oh my gosh your skeleton we gotta get
these kids and today we are still in
Oklahoma are we near Oklahoma City we
just left Oklahoma City we picked her up
high but today we are going to Texas in
the tomorrow is Arizona with the sand
dunes I've never been to a desert I've
never even been near one I'm so high for
that I don't know what is in store for
today do you have drier than the tears I
haven't cried the past eight years my
like there is some skepticality x' on
the video of me hitting Bailey with my
car even after I posted all the
different angles like I'll do a little
review and go over everything we'll talk
about it but for now we're just driving
I might take another nap later
that's a fat number yeah shark is not
doing that all in one day y'all thought
she was about to drive that far and
Sullivan flew from California just to go
right back to California but this time
they flew to Oklahoma just a ride back
first stop of the day of the morning is
to get a dr. pepper fries gas station
yeah I'll just watch actually I could do
that with you buddy no trout slippin
slidin dude take off your socks go go go
all the way the band oh my god we get so
close to the semi trucks
charges out here checking the stats on
the
whatever moves were getting yeah yeah
all right yeah sure
Solomon is the king of handstands though
is he gonna make it to the back at all
almost went in the shower
RV shenanigans let's do it right now
do it it feels like
this is the one that done for the bison
med
you're an actual gymnast we dodged it
no way I'm just chillin in the back and
if you guys can't see we just got pulled
over I'm just sitting in the back room
we got pulled over I didn't even know
for speeding or something but it's not
me getting pulled over so they hide pone
so I can hear him in the cop talking but
I don't want to get up and like prove at
all have a seatbelt on I mean
I heard the cops a shark was speeding
I'm not sure wasn't me it wasn't me I'm
telling you I'm bad luck look if there's
a cop in ten mile radius he's pulling us
over cuz I'm here it's starting to not
matter if I'm in my RA I'm trying to
peek out the back I don't know where
Jack is
dude jack is in the cop car talking to
the cop like I can barely see I don't
want to pull this up five minutes later
shark is walking back I sit down shark
is still sketched out everyone put your
goddamn seat belt on basically I'm a
young kid driving an RV and that doesn't
look normal
so his excuse was that you can't ride
the left lane too long that's the
passing lane so she got back behind me
pulled me over wrote me a warning ticket
said I was a pretty cool dude showed a
park video baby get hit by the car see
whatever you get pulled over from now
any be like yeah this is me bro I got
okay I got hit by a car that was sketchy
but I'm going back to bed
so I'm up and I just got word that we're
staying in New Mexico tonight I don't
think I've ever been there in my life
gonna enter into there stay the night
and then tomorrow is gonna be the big
day it's gonna be the really fun day and
we got Bailey cleaning the windshield
just we can't see anything
update we are still in the RV it is
quite loud in here I think it's just the
wind Dylan Hawk is on FaceTime that says
he has a surprise for me this is what I
find oh my god you're so good to me next
time you come to Kansas you have to
bring it to me I hope they can hear you
right now
oh my god I haven't said tan Clinton
like the last three blogs
so we admitted to our destination in New
Mexico but it is super dark outside it's
almost 1:00 in the morning I'm getting
tired so I'm gonna go to bed and then I
will continue the vlog in the morning
current day I didn't get my nap in today
because you drive like a maniac
out for me because I'm a young shark you
are a young good night good morning
Soloman you cold bro you're shivering
woke me up Jack who's in his underwear
almost as much as me wait wait wait for
me to get down we gotta show him where
we are so last night we didn't find an
RV park like usual we found a for sale
house and we're just chillin in the
dress in our underwear uh-huh no you
won't oh my god
I bet that hurt bad Saul and I got to
hurry up and take a shower so we can get
out of these people's driveways oh my
god we're in New Mexico we're in your
homeland and 51 we got to come on we're
gonna take him back to area 51 real
quick wake up it's like 9 o'clock send
him back to where he came from just
throw them on the room divide Paul
goodbye okay I guess it's my turn let's
take a shower I haven't shown you guys
the experience oh it's cold okay now
that we are all awake and I just
realized I need a haircut we are gonna
take this time to explain you guys what
really happened on the day that he got
hit by the car no I'm just kidding he
actually did get hit by the car and we
are going to prove it right now because
there's so much controversy after
controversy of what actually happened so
Bailey here bagels actually sent up his
phone before he did it and he set it up
on the ground so there's a secret angle
in slow motion like iPhone slow motion
of what happened it's a big argument
there's like I'm there's like two sides
and they're they're going at it so I
don't even know why there's controversy
to be honest because there's like five
different angles of the exact same thing
happening I don't even know how we faked
that like I'm not a movie producer I
don't know how to fake it I know how do
you guys know it's real but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead I'm gonna insert the clip
of the slo-mo that he sent me and I got
a makeup artist paint my leg
so you just saw that never-before-seen
angle but there's also some people
saying like it's fake because he's
halfway through the car right here and I
look back at it I'm like wow that kind
of does look fake like I even see where
people are coming from but that's just
because I hit him with the left side of
my car I was going straight on with them
but I was like man he's actually gonna
hit my windshield and we're all gonna
die right now so I just turn the wheel a
little bit who knows wonder what
happened if we had straight on but it's
real and it was on TV right it was on TV
yep right this minute wasn't even close
to work it out just know if I ever hit
anybody with my car again 100% legit I
don't know fake my videos now if you see
our rose gold re lurking down your
street you better hide and I'm wearing
my dirty white pants today they still
got that chocolate stain on them from
when I dropped the shake on them but
it's okay we're gonna get on the road
because we have to leave right now we
have a seven hour drive to where we're
going Arizona
shark has a seven-hour Drive yeah we're
not driving he is yeah thought y'all
were driving no are laying down said I
never get to editing this video so that
it can get out because it is current day
and then hopefully we have some sunlight
and we can do the good video that I plan
on doing yeah thank you so much watch
this video and don't leave I'm sure
defense do enjoyed subscribe if you're
new now see you guys next
you just maybe
