goodbye newly carpeted room goodbye Luna
I'll see you in a few days okay okay
cool keep this place dirty alright I
know you will have goodbye dumb who's
watching the house be watching and dogs
sitting yeah you're kind of allergic to
dogs love you too by the way I'm not
allergic to just
Luna you walk us to the RV mom goodbye
rose
take it easy and hello to my new home
for the next I don't know how many days
we're gonna be friends you're gonna have
to watch my suitcase for a little bit
and these two gentlemen have their own
tumbling clinic today I don't know what
I'm gonna do he's gonna take the
tumbling clinic and learn how to get
better his neck guys we are officially
on the road technically we're still in
her neighborhood we're going somewhere
this is actually a school bus like
there's no front end it just drops off
like that girl that stopped texted me
didn't bring my xbox I kind of forgot to
light now but we got a ps3 though what
is going on guys today we're back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day we are moving right now I'm
gonna take a shower when it's moving one
of these days not today I just took a
shower like we had fun in this RV the
last few nights without even moving now
we're going places
we got Bailey on board all throwing a
meme you know everyone
and Jackie's our pilot Gucci gang squaw
I'm the copilot and these chairs are
comfy it is over over now I'm about to
see how far back this chair goes oh it's
gonna be just fine
these people have to reach down but
they've got a little ticket spot for the
buses get off her way she will run you
over and she will not regret anything
I also said that I wouldn't be taking
any trips before Christmas and I wanted
to make vlogs at home well this this
doesn't count the biddings at three
dollars I think it's gonna be a four or
five day trip not sure yet basically I
was hanging out with them as long as I
want and then at any point I just go to
the nearest airport fly home whenever
I'm ready they're going to California I
just got back from California so I don't
know if I'll go there ask me later and
I'm gonna keep sliding on this floor and
slip and slide into the back bedroom top
bunk is mine whenever it's like
nighttime but if I don't have to drive
this is like more than first class it's
negative class hopefully I don't sleep
the day away if I wake up and it's dark
I'm gonna be sad
are you getting gas he's in here she's
sorry oh god I'm stepping in wetness no
I brought like two pairs of socks we're
getting some gas right now I just a
ladder on the back of the RV we can
climb on it we can flip off it I didn't
know this guy's but the mothership it
drinks through gas well see this thing
maxes out usually at about $85 yep there
it just maxes out and then you have to
reset it like the third time he's
phoning up America $200 for gas awesome
and I got a pizza there's no way you can
hold that yeah I I can barely hold it
that's cheating come on all right here's
the building just pulled up let's go
throw some flips or well they're
teaching tumbling which is like
gymnastics slash cheer where they do a
lot here is a preview of what we're
gonna be doing for one of our videos
this trip I already know it we got the
air track here there's an even longer
one there's an even wider one like we're
gonna take you to the desert and we're
gonna take it on like and we're gonna
slip and slide that's the only flip you
can do right now he's back in action he
was never out of action yeah basically
I'm basically getting free gym access
right now get it I believe in you hey
sanding pool checks on the air track you
let's go
all right we got some members of the
tank going up if I could go back to that
cake we made I probably would
my sake
so right now these kids are learning the
stuff that I never learned because I was
self-taught all my life never did
gymnastics or cheerleading but they're
getting the form and the power stuff I
also never had but your boy can still do
at least half the stuff they can and I'm
just a blog you're vlogging bro you got
it let's go yeah
cheddar can do a standing fools I can't
alright where's it at though I not
landed but for that no back for three
six and I'm stepping outside real quick
check it guy we said it was gonna go
viral and it's been posted literally
everywhere we walked in this gym we're
like hey how many kids saw the video
every hand went up it was it was insane
and Dylan Hawk just texted me and said
we are number two on trending let me see
if that's oh we are out here and while
I'm out here I'm gonna give you guys a
little talk like lately I've been pretty
happy I've told you guys about my
anxiety and my depression in the past
month past year and it's nowhere near
perfect I still fight with myself every
day fight with mental health mental
health that turns your physical health
bad I don't know I can't even explain it
because I don't have the answers but
what I do know is that you guys can go
out in the world you can make great
friends you can do whatever you want
give it your all and don't be afraid of
new things like you guys know I don't
even like being away from home where am
i I'm I think its Oklahoma its traveled
for hours in an RV and now I'm sitting
outside a place I never been usually I
like comfortable situations in my room
with my dogs but then I met these two
great friends one of them I hit with a
car I know they've been to 47 states and
I think I've been to about ten if you
count sitting in airports like I do
travel a lot but they travel a lot and
it's just inspiring and I've always told
myself what am i anxiety gets bad like
what if what if and I'd let that fear
make me not want to go I wouldn't go
anywhere why do you think half my vlogs
are in my damn house and I do love my
house I know that all of you guys have
problems in your life and it might seem
huge right now five years from now 90%
of those problems are gonna be gone and
you're worrying about them for nothing
I'm only 17 right now but I'm living and
I'm learning every day always surround
yourself with people better than you so
you can learn from them and better
yourself and like I said don't be afraid
to take chances go skydiving go sit next
to the new kid in class get out of your
comfort zone just force yourself out and
you won't regret it but we'll go back in
this gym we'll finish up the edit we'll
do some sick flips I was warmed up now
I'm freezing because it's freezing
outside but let's go
let's go
and my new friend Jacob has almost pink
crotch you just don't pucker Bismol on
him I'm shaking but yes
Bailey's her so he can't howling for me
but Jack and I are about to flip
everybody here onto the red map Tanner's
gonna make it I don't know
all right it's about to be real real
crazy shark and Tanner about a front
flip over all these people what do you
think about that mom she said don't let
our kid she's gonna be mad pray for
Tanner this time
Oh some another last thing Jack and I
gonna prove he's a shortcut he's blaming
that sharks don't normally climb but
we're making an exception this time
ouch yeah we're a dirty it happened back
on the road and check out what how he
did to my car it's set up it's got ropes
all around it the lighting is just
amazing I need that lighting in my
garage 24/7 we're gonna chill listen to
music I don't know where we're gonna end
up tonight but let's get lit
but yeah we are going to finish up our
dinners I must finish up my doughnuts
I'm gonna crawl back up into bed and
then we will see you guys in the morning
good night
hopefully you guys enjoyed this vlog
because most of it was just us driving
and then of course we stopped by the gym
but other than that it's probably a
little bit shorter than usual but
tomorrow will be a really good vlog I
want to put one of the air trick mats on
water and try to flip on it that'll be
awesome what to see what we can do but
you have to kiss some force on this
video and don't really like trends if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys next
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
