he is still walking as of the morning
dude's clothing Deb calling here's my
mom shower it's way better than mine
enjoy yeah we're gonna go drop off my
car so enjoy your shower we'll see you
in a bit well good morning what is going
on guys today we are back and today hope
you guys are all having a great day if
you happen to miss yesterday's vlog and
you don't know what happened my friend
got hit by my car stunt went wrong it
was not okay I didn't show this in
Ashley's video but my car is fine for
anyone that was wondering I was not
concerned about that but everyone is
good this morning we're all fine Jack
and I are about to go we're about to go
drop off my car at the how do you
dealership it's going to be shown in
their cars and coffee I got to get back
and I got ahead of my videos like a
shower and stuff so I'm not gonna be
staying by I'm dropping off my car for
them and it is rainy it is nasty and it
just kind of sucks out today RV is still
chilling outside my house and my alien
is still in the RV Paul's holding the
fort down right now but with all this
rain there's one thing we can do and
just make a slip and slide we might be
doing that today we might view is might
have to I just don't want to cut the
slipping side with my diamond hard
nipples like they're so cold she does
look good in the rainy weather though
just the clouds they look so good want
me to pull it in there apparently
they're gonna detail for me make it nice
and clean
should we tell them to get the
footprints off the yeah
make sure y'all don't miss a little
footprint right and he ran into my
brother yesterday yeah actually I mother
trying to flip over the car and the car
hit the bottom my brother's foot he did
a double flip in the air and landed on
his butt we got a 20-17 v10 RA in an
Aston Martin Vantage S mmm car Channel
now we're realizing that the headlight
is pushed in a little bit I don't know
if this was from yesterday or not yeah
he might have hit his heel here goodbye
RA see you tomorrow
Thursday that's two days away the first
mission of the day is to take Bailey a
chiropractor you know get his leg extra
just in case he's been walking he's been
fine some limps some limps in there
compiling in the country boy mobile
service engine soon of course I say just
a lot of bruising or maybe slight
fracture but that's it mornings I mean
the address second I can't breathe so I
can follow you guys there okay you guys
are about to see the best stereo system
you've ever witnessed
like it's almost there but you just
you'll never feel it almost feel the
bass in my hairline fractures hey I
slept in that RV last night guys right
there I fell asleep on the top bone same
chiropractor I went to when I hurt my
neck Dom had to carry my head in thanks
the game for that he's sitting there
holding me up like this we're about to
find out he's truly invincible yo you
could just bite into this york
peppermint pattie
fix you right up I'll take I'll take the
good news first well the good news is
he's looking out this free cape my ankle
right now all right
nothing's broken hallelujah really or
nothing or fractured the x-ray you made
by amazing just his your body's an
amazing did you see the video and I told
his trampoline thing
kisses Hugh everything so hey know I've
hit you with my car friends for life so
here you go there's a spot that could be
a little hairline fracture but it's on
the far right now he's had a month of
being off eight international heels said
you go to any uh which calm
what's a few days yeah yeah it has tape
on it but it's swollen
real big last night and then this cut
that you got from it I'm pretty sure
like that's what like messed up my light
on my car like underneath do you want to
see the video all right well we got the
waterproof tape so worth this deal no
hospitals take a month off you're like
I'll be back in two days so he's running
to get his copy of the x-ray results
nothing is broken and as soon as they
tell him it's not broken he started
walking like almost normal I still feel
horrible but I mean I did my job driving
the straight line so now we'll go home
find something to do even though oh my
god it's like four o'clock now it looks
like it's about to get dark
Larry looks like seven right and
Bailey's mom's today mom doesn't know is
our friend Tanner from Kansas uh how are
you
yesterday I did a flip over a car and it
hit me a little bit but I'm good I'll
show you it's on my Instagram you're
gonna watch
I try to round off and flip over and it
hit my leg and clipped me and like but
I'm fine I went to a doctor nothing's
broken cost $12 $12 nothing's broken
sounds just like the best way you can
get hit by a car and two million people
have already seen it and it got posted
like two hours yeah it's all over the
internet is going viral right mom you
don't need any stress I'm fine look I'm
walking please okay but I flew through
the sky school I didn't know my mom's
overdramatic mom was the same way like
imagine our kid doing it though I'd be
like come on yeah so the CD wouldn't
play but we had the x-ray on his phone
from snapchat
I'm guessing back here where the little
arrow is that would be where the little
tiny maybe fracture is but chiropractor
said there's nothing to do but let it
heal take a month off my thoughts about
it means the rest of the day I meant
tomorrow she's gonna be back she
reminded me back tonight all of us are
seeing so much stuff like that videos
fake blah blah blah and I think Bailey's
happier that he hit the car because that
went more viral like people flipped over
cars and the ones done a double flip do
wanna Beach now this is sick one
successful one not successful so that
means I'm retiring from cars next to
submarine airplane and/or helicopter oh
I haven't told him I'm going with them
we are going to Oklahoma we're going to
Arizona and then we're going to
California in like a four or five day
trip I'd just be sitting at home in my
empty room but I'm I go because the
Grand Canyon boy cuz he's a wild side we
abducted Paul and he really wants to go
back to area 51 in the desert so we're
gonna drive him on our RV through there
and uh probably we need to go see Paul
soon Paul is the alien in the RV
here's a picture of Paul right now I
don't know what we're gonna do the rest
day I mean we got some good news so
we'll find something
know when it's getting dark bro where is
the day God Bailey must be out in the
spaceship because he didn't work out
with us
shaving his veins for another day what's
up Paul how you doing there I'll fix
your chain for you there you go buddy
Oh God Oh God it stays in that corner
really snow ambassador also he's kind of
insecure about his net problems you know
I didn't show this you know how we call
him a shark right there's a shark jumpy
got bagels too boy oh and Tristan that's
not Tristan but Tristan has a lady Gaga
concert tomorrow with a few of his
friends Taylor's going with him to
Kansas City so that's why I'm going on
the big road trip got him you got we got
to show you guys a video idea we had for
today and then it got dark and it was
rainy and said have a 40-foot air-dry my
gosh that goes all the way through the
RV we're gonna do a slip'n slide with
these giant air tractors you guys don't
know ordinaire truck is here is a cliff
there's a pink one in there too check
that out we have pink and blue and we
have a boot because we kind of knew baby
was gonna break useful it so if anyone
gets hurt we're already prepared don't
worry we planned for this kind of stuff
so we're back inside and we're gonna
play some fortnight's but I mean our
mission to get this video viral was a
success like worldstar posted it tons of
accounts with millions of followers
worldstar 15 million followers
not only did we get it viral with
millions of views we also made it an
official meme so I thought I'd share
some of those with you guys are you
ready for the me montage mom
try me so I can flip over this 8r bra
but Red Bull gives you wings
are you sure this is the shirt of the
month this one ah
this simple Edgar makes steel Paco I
like it these on camera so like
everybody knows my giveaways legit I'm
not rice gum okay I'll do it right here
it's kind of hard to sign shirts but I'm
gonna do it I will
go give it a little kiss go get my
cologne out of my bathroom because I'm
too lazy to put it all in there my
cologne it doesn't matter if you're a
guy like it smells pretty good Gucci
Guilty there you go spray it on all
right now if you guys wanted to see the
winners of the giveaway they are on our
official merch Instagram at T bruger
official or something I'll put it on the
screen keep a look out for this weekend
we're gonna be launching all of our
Christmas stuff probably more about that
later yeah little Christmas sweater
action mm-hmm
so I don't know if I told you guys but I
kind of slept in the RV last night alone
I woke up and I was alone what the hell
Paul was in there the alien those how
was it thank you so for the rest of this
vlog I think we do like an overnight
challenge in the RV I mean I'm probably
gonna tell this like result of your leg
because I think people care about you I
do I love you but we might as well guess
who's not allowed I don't care about
your stupid sausage party sleepover hey
we have guests over
be polite goodbye mom goodbye Tristan
you're my tailor goodbye tanner give i
Tristan goodbye tanner
bye love you too will be careful no more
hitting people will keep the house on
lock bodyguard gets here right now it's
me Oh Paul get out of the bathroom come
on
oh my god it's millage over haha he's a
puppet I know I really wish that I had
my camera out here last night because I
woke up first thing I did BAM like I sat
up so fast smacked my head so hard just
put me right back to sleep are you gonna
go puke yep all right have fun I don't
want to put it in the video cuz YouTube
won't like that but the sound is fine
right and your sharks good I'll tell a
ghost story while he throws up there was
five boys out in an RV none of them were
gay
except for five and as soon as the
lights went out and the car died ran out
of gas they were in the woods and I had
nothing to do but snuggle and the rest I
can't tell you just like I can't show
you him throwing up I'm definitely gonna
be taking a shower while he drives like
I've never taken a shower in motion this
is probably worse than my shower you
know but I'm ready for it if I ain't the
great descent I'm headed for well I am
ready to hit the sack for the night
you're actually kind of snuggly you know
that you little guy actually I don't
want to cuddle with him like I want him
to stand guard here you can lay down in
the shower just be quiet but yeah we are
gonna go ahead and in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed anything
guys so much for watching like I said
tomorrow we are getting in this RV and
we are traveling to I think it's
Oklahoma for the first day Paul is
coming with us quentin might come with
us but i think you guys so much watch
this video and don't really like share
the french we enjoyed subscribing you
and i'll see you guys next
you just maybe
