hey I'm bringing in groceries real quick
but a disclaimer real quick please watch
the whole video
try not to cringe too hard please do not
try anything we tried we shouldn't have
tried it but try not to comment mean
stuff about stupid we are and yeah enjoy
well rose this is goodbye all my stuff's
getting packed up right now guys all my
shoes are gone all my stuff's off my
dresser that big thingy my picture my
stereo all my pillows are gone all I
really have left is the bean bag and Dom
is here he's moving in when I move out
if you guys don't know Tom he is from
the Meetup and I'm not moving gotcha I
would never do that to you rose but I am
getting new carpet today in my room and
all this stuff's getting moved out we
got to move my bed all the rest of my
furniture all of my stuff is currently
in my bathroom in my closet is it's so
bad the entire bathroom is just
completely full but you got to do what
you got to do and then I'm probably
never gonna put this stuff back in my
room I already know I'm gonna be way too
lazy to move all this stuff back in and
we got new carpet in here they're
definitely not gonna know a difference
why am I making a big deal about this
it's softer okay it's like a centimeter
longer than the other there's the old
carpet here's the new carpet but DOM
drove here with two of his friends they
both do flips are amazing it flips they
drove here in an RV they've been driving
across the country the other two guys
are brothers their name is jack and
Bailey should we go say hi
oh my god that thing's huge feet are
cold feet are cold feet are cold no what
Oh what's up jack this is a sweet RV my
master bedroom Dez this is a flat-screen
TV behind guns in there right here we
got a pair of the newest Gucci shoes
that are out you're sick yeah it's the
rainbow that's for his brother right and
then Bailey sleeps up on the bunk bed
wow this is the legendary band hall just
like a table place you want to eat guys
I won an RV now screw the Lambo I'm
stalled a sub in here like two days ago
no way
your rib tattoos almost as cool as mine
oh you're the only one Jack thank you
yeah it's never going away I've had this
before they've had their
the table flips into a bed the couch
flips into a man this is just sweet oh
my god I didn't even say it where does
it go night guys today we're back and
today hope you guys are all having a
great day you guys already know we are
back in Kansas and I'm planning on
staying here till Christmas I want to
make good vlog content for you guys
throughout the holidays are we cooking
our breakfast yeah okay bacon and eggs
baby it's all about health that's why I
have a red bowl I wish we had the
foampit right now for these guys because
they're insane they would be throwing
triple backflip sadly we have like 50
foam blocks and those are covered in
blood but carpet guys are here
have fun I hate moving that beanbag oh
my god you made it look effortless maybe
I'm just a post well I was gonna take a
shower but half of its gone we got even
more stuff in here it looks like I'm
going upstairs to my mom's oh wait we
have the same thing going on like yeah
one of this haze is read minds Brown
mine actually started out red and then
it turned brown do the carpet guys are
listening to some good jams this is from
friends clothes to wear and they're
almost done
and since this isn't a mole like I'm
about to put on some makeup I don't even
care I'm about to own it I'm sneaking up
into Tristan's room I'm guessing it's
just this one with this one hey guys
it's Tristan and welcome back to my
youtube channel
boom now we are sexy and we can carry on
with the rest of the day better put this
back so I don't get screamed at until
tomorrow when Tristan watches this dunno
you haven't been in the vlog come here
come here what are you doing yeah good
girl so we have big plans for today I
hope you don't die but a full eye over
the car but right now we will get an
early morning warm-up trampoline session
for the day how are my shoes yeah yeah I
know well actually not take them off I'm
kidding
so yeah we got this idea it was his idea
not mine for Bailey to actually flip
over my RA like straight on he's done it
from the side like right over here
before and he's made it over a Corvette
he's super good he tells me not to worry
but I don't want to kill a guy in my car
today it's a big fat maybe right now
like the high comparison it probably
goes up to my nipple so he's gonna have
to go up like four feet if cars actually
taller than my sister so it's gonna be a
challenge for her to try to leap above
the height that she grew from the earth
see he calls his brother his sister by
the way so I can flip over this 8r bra I
hope you know what you're capable of we
are going to eat our Freddie's frozen
cheeseburger Luna not you not you and
then we were going to the road by my
grandma's house you guys know the road
we will have an easy straight road
perfect shot at this and no trips to the
hospital today I don't think this guy
knows that we're about to flip over a
car well he is but still Tristan's
pulling up with the other two and I
don't know if I want to drive like I'm
obviously the most experienced driver it
is my car Dom might be driving I might
be driving we'll do a ton of practice
runs don't worry guys I think we're good
i'm hype for you i want to know how this
is gonna be an exhilarating event in
this brisk cold weather she doesn't know
either by the way this little one might
yeah she might she's average like he's
gonna do it you're about to head out you
going somewhere just to get the mail
yeah how are you good good yeah this
who's about to be flipping over my car I
don't know it's not me he's got the Red
Bull he's gonna be doing a round off you
know what a round off is yeah he's gonna
do that that's his normal standing back
hold hi oh there is my buddy here is
about to flip over my car yep no it's
really ironic that we were doing this
right by a cemetery there actually
there's people digging right now like
this is actually not
okay so we're gonna have to be careful
near his hospital about an hour we're
gonna get the practice runs going let's
say a prayer real quick he's got it
mark here where I should take off every
time I think actually was high yeah that
was pretty high trying but telling you I
think you got it I'm like I'm not even
scared for you we'll do more practice
runs the guy in the trucks like I want
to watch this he knows what we're doing
being the graveyards close because then
we don't have to take very far it's
gonna be my takeoff marker this wasn't
meant to be over there it probably was
very practice number two let's get it
all right so this is shark's angle we're
just checking out it looks like my
sister yeah I don't think she would have
made that one and it better make the
actual one okay let's uh let's do more
practice more practice practice makes
perfect
he's done double backflips on concrete
guys I think we're ready you want to do
one more just go for it they were gonna
go far enough right we have 911 right
now
was that three practice practice rounds
and every time
Oh
oh my god oh my god no you are no you're
good
oh my gosh oh my gosh my leg it's broken
right now we're good lay down the
country leg that did not work completely
fine yeah okay good thank you
like which one hey dude you're good
you're good fine I'm back already as you
might have guessed
we're not trying that again tell me I
land it like best-case scenario rolled
out yeah your your that was awesome no I
look back in the mirror and I saw you
roll I was like thank God my mom is
literally going to ash oh my gosh dude
my angle holy did like a double ax -
he's just laughing and we're watching
this back oh I hope you know you just
did basically a double layout on
concrete a double lay people tell me -
ha I was going straight on with him and
I went off to the side because I was
like nope don't call my mom back my mom
just called I have to call her back
oh don't tell her anything follow her
back but don't tell her what happened
I'm scared bro you guys are good a
little bruised cap he's walking he's
standing up he's fine Maguire send me
more pants ripped is rip do I don't even
want to upload this video I don't want
to edit it I don't want to watch it I
just want to crawl up in a ball and be
like wow this is the thing though the
fact that he's okay is why you can do
that because if he was yeah no no no if
he was hurt at all this club would be
deleted but he wants it up it should be
everybody go follow Bailey on Instagram
right now bagels underscore pain I'll
put it up on the screen says he's fine
hopefully it's not just the adrenaline
we're gonna go home make sure he's
completely 100% fine so you do want this
on my youtube channel
this is me signing you over to the
YouTube rights of this clip I'll be
dying
hey maybe Ari will sponsor me maybe
you'll get your own alright how do I do
this and be like yeah dude that was
awesome
Grandma and Grandpa work too freaked out
right grandmas laughing up a storm gonna
flip am i gonna flip after I saw that
yeah but not with the cartoon about that
life and that is what a real car front
foot looks like successful hey same
brother that one's not going to spiral
though okay we're driving home I guess
I'll Drive I don't want to drive right
now guys alright so this is what should
have happened
Stan bro you were not okay I wouldn't be
able to live with myself I hope you know
that dude always be yeah okay for my
mental health
yeah hey you called yes making sure they
still alive
yep we're all alive and well yeah
something happens also mom yeah you're
gonna enjoy it
we'll be back to the house and you havin
fun at Disneyworld
yeah I just had a guy flip over my car
kinda yeah it was some he flew like an
airplane long we gonna see ah and roll
double isn't it awesome double and yeah
and we're alive isn't it awesome
go his shoes yeah blue on blue because
my body awareness when I'm in the air is
unreal so I spotted hey there's the
ground okay now I need to tuck my head
and then flat on my back on the rock the
thing that I had to get used to with him
is realizing that it's a sport that you
guys do over and over you know I'm so
scared people gonna watch this video be
like Tanner can killed him in his car
he's stupid and every one of you is
saying this is the thing that it took me
months and years to grasp is that you
guys do this for a living and you
understand yourself and you need to
explain that in the videos it's a blast
yeah I'll sit down to an interview that
doesn't make me any less scared as a
parent yeah so that was ridiculous but
on the bright side my room has a new
carpet
I guess so Bailey is icing his ankle
we'll get him the massager soon and Jack
here wants to she's gonna try to flip
off the top of the scaffolds into her a
little pond called a pool he wants to
jump off the top floor of the
scaffolding into the freezing cold pool
he's not even getting paid Oh
Pacho hot tub hot tub like heights me
I'm 5/8 and I'm already scared looking
at the ground and we are out with the
old microphone and in with this
brand-new one it is the new pro so
hopefully it sounds good my girl help
get some groceries but we are gonna go
ahead and in this video here and hope
you guys enjoy didn't think a so much
for watching the Fenny thing he's a
beast for China so leave a like on this
video guys but yeah thank you so much
for watching this video and don't really
like each other if you enjoyed subscribe
me and I'll see you guys next time
you just maybe
