where'd it go my guys today we're back
it today I got a GoPro Mahan because we
are gonna be testing out this product
actually it's upstairs it's not here
what's going it's in this box right here
we got sent it's called recoil it's
basically call duty in real life on a
game it's what they call Call of Duty
meets Pokemon go so it's like you have
your phone connected to a gun and then
you have headphones and then you can
talk to your teammates and then your
teammates have a gun and then you run
around and you shoot each other it's
like laser tag with iPhone you put your
phone right there and then you're like
here's your sights you can like tap the
thing to reload comes with all that
stuff you know I went to the little
thingy at VidCon for this you know I
made that video so this is our team over
here we got us four and then we
reversing four other people over there
my headphones just said get ready
trooper so I might get ready you can
hold down this little button and talk to
other players this is reload it's cool
what camping get out of there it
vibrates whatever you shoot it feels
like you're actually in the game so it's
tough no whenever I went to VidCon and
had one of these there was really big
guns we took a cool picture with the big
guns but I guess it's time we had a
little gun so they're like mine do let
me see if this works without the
batteries in it real quick okay show us
what it looks like whenever they're
actually on want to hear the sound
effects a healthy good job I also go dry
off go to town mom I'm eating carrots
for the first time ever I didn't like
I'm healthy and they're gross and gross
yeah I also found out this is a hit
sensor so if someone shoots you it
actually like registers that you got
shot so you have to put that on the
bottom of your gun no cheating
we were probably gonna be listening to
my dogs bark throughout all this because
the shot-caller stopped working we have
to stick them in the backyard or else
they're gonna go roam in the neighbor's
pond and this little white box it's like
a Wi-Fi router you gotta set it
somewhere this is like a base it sets up
for your reload spots your everything
basically connect to it with some Wi-Fi
so yeah it's like actually a router
comes with free internet that's a joke I
know I don't think it does Bluetooth
connection so this one's connecting
Dillons is already connected
all right corns is connected what's plug
it in let's get going players ready
start let's get it as recoil says the
world is now game would you like to
access your microphone sure game
starting in four three two one quit jerk
killing me stop feeling me I probably
get on the trampoline like I titled this
video ah now I can title it this not
clickbait day I gotta reload I died yeah
see I got killed says though right there
alright couldn't go to play he's better
at this go go go oh I got you what are
those things called in tall duty but the
little bottles that you throw out that
the fire mom I died he died help I'm
getting kilted I so cover behind tanner
and everything try give Shane dere ya go
kill him wait wait get that plunger did
you get your Cray job we're gonna be
sneaking up on him bro he's just gonna
he's gonna shoot him right there here's
a close-up of the action if you're
missing it there's Dylan's view pretty
interesting stuff you gonna die from an
airstrike that was a workout everybody
this is recoil everybody link in the
description if you want to buy the game
it's actually really fun if you don't
get tired easy if you're not shaped like
me okay let's go inside oh yeah guys who
won by the way the only one at 10 to 6
boy
I guess he's the real call duty or even
though I are actually the best ability
you spent too much time on zombies not
enough on multiplayer you were playing
buried the easiest one alright guys
there was some call duty trampoline in
real life I mean we basically just ran
around the trampolines we didn't really
use them that much but hopefully the
thumbnail was good that recoil stuff's
actually pretty fun anyways yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video thank you
guys so much for watching don't we leave
like enjoy the vents be enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
you just maybe
