and three two one now these are the
pants that make my butt look good where
did you go my guys today we're back in
today home guess I'll have an upgrade
day first off if you missed yesterday's
video we went to the new team tent how
Jake and I we thought we slid each
other's throats it was something so if
you haven't seen it go check it out we
better be going to Burger King I'm so
hungry found the boat boat oh there it
is are you gonna steer this vessel today
I'm gonna get it for nautical knots
cease be starboard bow if you say this
car is better than mine I will be pissed
does anybody have their seatbelt on no
okay if I did that mommy be screaming
Wow assaulted by Kimbra I put it in the
title dog like me because I held it in I
kissed it and then she was like hey dog
come here he's a hot I'm gonna leave
that out of context it's the clicker so
I told the guy he's fired and didn't
listen my mom is going to the drivers he
Quinton doesn't want to hold his food
cuz he it's a child wanna listen to my
order this time instead of yesterday
well you owe me a big that I didn't want
them nugget I'll take nuggets with a
chocolate shake and let me show your
vlog the love letter that Quinton sent
me last night
okay I'm gonna blow it this is the text
Quinton accidentally sent Dylan last
night it was supposed to go to Quentin's
girlfriend relationship problems there's
a world agency then a crispy chicken
sandwich without all the board guys
don't look now but there's another boat
behind us we just spent $40 at Burger
King guys our car is about to be filled
with trash yet again well we're not the
only disgusting people she has a Taco
Bell wrapper in her Sun Visor okay
random location we're in a parking
garage because we just went and saw a
movie we just kind of decided to we saw
daddy's home to really good movie if you
get the chance
it is Dylan's turn to drive he's gonna
show my mom his driving skills
Gordon wants to live so he's getting out
this is your first time driving a muscle
car it is but I really wait then are you
ready
I did it we only skinned it a little bit
but it was loud oh my god it's smoking
over there I'm coming back are you
baking oh god it smells horrible but
Mama's gonna get back in the driver's
seat we're not just driving around for
fun we were actually going somewhere
we're gonna be going to Tempest
Freerunning Academy where all the cute
flips happen first we need to go get
some duct tape we'll try some flips and
some duct tape with our whole bodies
just enclosed maybe we'll do a game a
tramp maybe we'll die either way it's
gonna be lit I've been to Jake Paul's
house it's gonna be lit that's an alpha
lit so put on your vlog belt getting to
this Tempest is so sketchy we got the
duct tape but I've been here one time
before and it was just as scary as it is
now yeah I remember I had to take that
over I think that was my one scary
uber experience Wow so Dylan is it just
you and I getting wrapped I feel like
when Zeus quite know probably film my
mom and Taylor will sit and be like can
we go now we are gonna go play the game
of see if tempus makes me pay to get in
they don't charge any of my friends they
don't even even let me it's a joke but
the last times I've been here they're
like yeah it'll be $15 whatever it is Oh
what's up Gabe this is my friend Gabe
guys Islam this is Tanner are we closing
right now it's like five o'clock we're
trying to see if we can get in there is
a seven year olds birthday party
scheduled in 15 minutes no go we have to
just these parties are private they pay
for it so we're not going to feed on
their time we're too here first
I want my $10 back for my duct tape
either we buy a trampoline or beg
seven-year-olds when they get here I
think he knows the man we're looking for
hey is it your birthday yeah no is it
his so I guess we're just gonna sit back
and interview every seven-year-old that
walked by those doors until we get in
tan clan stops at nothing and if we
don't get in I'm cutting this out while
we wait let's see if these golf carts
will start I don't think they're for
golfing I'm gonna say I'm gonna go ahead
and be doubtful that these things even
run I know I gotta say they don't even
look like they'll work dude I see your
back engine everybody hush oh my god
what if we dress up as little kids right
I like it dude my birthday party I'm
turning seven I wish this is how the
vlogs minute cuz usually you're the foot
taller than I am if I tell you've been
out to you I'll wait a little bit longer
if no kids are showing up we're going so
they are closing the door they don't
want free promotion if you're looking
for a good trampoline park
I should probably open one that's
actually really cool because we can't
seem to find one man but they were like
yeah we can't even ask the people
because they reserved the party and they
have the right to not be asked I was
like what the now we'll just have to
duct tape ourselves and jump in the pool
try not to drown challenge part two
goodbye second cool rental car ever
we'll get one like you again soon sorry
about all the trash let's do your hair
what I'm tanning today what's going on
guys today we are back and today we are
with Dylan anyway just slide it straight
back pretty funny line even though I'm a
California kid no one likes me I Drive a
Subaru STi
cool so um some kids found the pool
never seen anybody in it but now we
gotta wait a little bit so we'll see you
in like right now get man the kids are
not leaving the pool so I'm just gonna
get wrapped up right now and then waddle
my way to the pool it's all echoey in
there it's too loud so it'll be under
your arm
damn it is so hot in here yeah can you
tell us got a pump in so I guess I'm
just gonna be clapping into the pool
face first back first and then I'll have
my two heroes jump in say
pretty dress yes my ass good look his
bulges gone everybody yeah my bowl just
makes it through two layers of duct tape
and a towel ladies oh my god this is so
scary
please do not let me drown I can barely
walk right now I'm gonna see a lunge oh
please tell me you guys can lift me up
out of the water so we're getting 100%
now I'm at the barbershop thank you sit
down and shut up you old scoundrel
okay I might actually die like there's
no movement it's a cure man we're making
a youtube video I'm fine I'm not gonna
do it ray we're not covering it yeah
we're making a little youtube video
where I almost die finish up my pants
and we'll be ready to hop to the pool no
no that's okay no it's not okay because
I want out of this like now there's a
worker let's hurry let's hurry any
certified lifeguards on duty
okay so the plan is
I'm gonna throw myself into the pool and
then Dylan is going to jump in after me
and then I'll jump in and then they'll
jump after me security guard at the door
we're gonna do it quick Dylan are you
ready I am ready I'm not holding my
breath as long as I can in three two one
I'm safe I'm safe I mean there's no way
I could get out of this pool alone but
I'm sorry three two one okay this is
like yeah I'm up baby all right Thank
You Man you happen to have any scissors
on you it is tight and I mean it's hard
to breathe but I'm good I'm fine
I'm relaxed now the water cooled me off
didn't go see if he has scissors
I mean it's already hot in this thing
but I got so dirty
coming off really cool look at Dylan
nice lie arms are almost free it's been
like 30 minutes thank God I'm out of
prison bro this towel is heavier than me
soaking wet that added so much weight
now for this park this sounds a little
bit harder yeah it's so tight as Quentin
and I double layered this
we were gonna we're gonna duct-tape
dillema stuff but I'm the only real
magician I think I'm clear that we're
not wanted to do this again so we're
just gonna head out trying not to cut
your shorts in the process ah so first
the tempest snap and then the hotel
staff like nobody likes duct tape guys
security guard guy he was just looking
out for himself in his job Hotel if you
see this he did nothing wrong
he said no she said don't do it yeah so
don't fire him I swear I will be pissed
smell my shirt smells like duct tape and
let it sit and pool guy smells like
great mom
hey sorry to wake you up but are alive
good night Dave for Tess Dylan anyone I
love today for Tess okay
oh my god Oh kidding by David you can
bend but yeah guys it is our last night
in California we are flying out tomorrow
morning I gotta edit this video tonight
you're gonna hit right next to each
other and cuddle yes we are I'm naked
under this town
me too I'm naked insurance but it has
been a fun trip I don't know if I'm
gonna be coming back here or really
going anywhere before Christmas maybe
like one more trip but I mostly want to
stay home and film vlogs at home for you
guys throughout the holidays ankle bells
so yeah we're gonna go ahead and in this
video here and thank you so much for
watching and don't leave like check them
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
now see you guys next time
that was my bulge
you just maybe
