what is up guys I can't okay I made a
gay joke my video Kristen's not here the
guy kissed me on the face yesterday if
you missed that thumbnail Oh what is
going in today because y'all have an O
great day I'm black on black on black on
black on black on black on black today
is our second last day in California and
I'm hoping to be going to the McLaren
store and then the Lamborghini store
maybe make a decision of what my next
supercar goal will be and maybe we will
be stopping by the new team ten house
who knows maybe I'll buy that one yeah
but after I get that with my jog
we're gonna go to snapchat headquarters
real quick and say what's up thanks for
the verification you verified yeah so I
thought hey mom I dare you to try one of
these day three does this mean I get a
drive mama I'm getting a mustache that
no-shave November working when you have
mustache
I have little beard little mustache no
unibrow there they are and number seven
seven actually can I have ketchup pickle
anybody want ten peace nuggets my mom
Motordrome and I didn't wanna change my
mind anybody thanks for nothing
that guy working there would not have
allowed me to change your mind yeah what
a mall I need you to listen close
p1 cleaner than your church shoes as in
a McLaren p1 man I don't know which one
to get let me tell you guys I like my
challenger a bit more I mean I won't set
the passenger seat very much but I'm not
even a tall guy there's no room oh I bet
I wouldn't put your damn feet down maybe
so the beach is right there I didn't
know snapchat was waterfront it's
tropical I thought it would be in some
skyscraper but we're going to a secret
location make sure nobody's following
you
so the snapchat people were really nice
and their place is super cool I was like
dang this place is kind of sketchy I
thought I was gonna be crack shack on
the side of the road I know I thought it
was gonna be sketchy
I thought I was gonna be in a skyscraper
to walk up it was so cool let's do that
backpack again oh my we got the
spectacled glasses and a water bottle by
the way if you guys want to add me on
snapchat will probably be doing some
like POV trampoline stuff what's up I'll
probably be doing some POV like
trampoline tricks with the glasses on so
go follow me at tanner underscore b-24
my snapchat spectacles are about to
witness me vomiting thank you because
we're winding through the windy streets
a like quinton said they went from
living in the middle of the city to the
middle of nowhere so I'm not going to
disclose the location of where we are I
don't know if he has there's two gate
codes to get in here we have one gate
code and it's right by our front door
from shelf hey there's a lot of gates
which one is it oh yeah go seriously
wait till you see this freaking I know I
saw the top of it too Castle I feel like
this place is just one giant
free-for-all entertainment center there
is so many cars oh my god you know I
still like the house with the cliff in
the backyard but this is a close second
yeah this is what I came here for my car
doesn't have a red carpet the barely has
concrete
good morning chain pullers hey don't
make this your title that Jake Paul
assaulted you please and lawsuit I'm
buying my team to help we're keeping it
nice and tidy this time around
everybody's signing in on the iPad
Tanner what that's right yeah Tanner and
I are about to come out of our scooter
and trampoline flash flips retirement
right now we're gonna flip all these
people on these stairs so you can do it
a few kind of hurt you know warm up baby
now that I've been violently assaulted
I'll pick up my settlement check there's
the crazy dog the bites everybody this
dog has no chill it's basically Rosa
Luna in one there's another assault
hi is this straight to the roof oh I'm
gonna get dizzy like on the road there
should be a trampoline up here right
with a heck
just cut my hand on Jake's roof that's
another 400,000 you've gone assaulted to
beat I pushed me earlier now his roofs
cutting me on the dog that you wear you
guys already know I love being on roofs
and jumping off roofs and stuff so I
think I'm just gonna claim this
territory as mine we got a little uh I
guess this can be my bed that can be
your bedside table little spiders why
would you touch that oh my god
Tanner Braungart moves into the teen ten
house talk to Jake about that you
somehow I don't you also tell me you're
gonna do a year challenge yeah I'm gonna
sneak in for a year-long challenge not a
24 hour challenge we don't do that this
is actually so high though Lucis crazy
huh you're 30 40 feet up Shay yeah out
of my car what are you doing you need
some new carpets can I told ya I moved
in officially and then this is my new
roommate but how would you guys like it
if me and Tanner and then some of my
friends and some of his friends all
moved into our own house yeah you're
gonna move to Kansas okay nobody moved
to Kansas I don't think anyone's going
to Kansas there's a lot of room for
activities in Kansas yeah but there's
also a lot of corn all right moving to
Kansas I thought my house was annoying
to get around but this is
this is the laundry room I don't know
why you came to here no but this is
where you would be okay that's right
this is where you will be safe okay to
talk about our kala yeah
middle fine I'll sleep on the steel of
ya are those our buddies are they free
for taking well you live here now so
they're you okay I'll just go grab them
I think I do have one thing on them
though my hot tub kind of cooler and
this random suitcase it's now mine
yeah
we made it now I'm gonna stay in Kansas
my house even though it's like half the
square feet all mine I win okay my hot
tubs cooler my roof it's a little softer
okay
Wow my dog felt the same but I have two
of them got tired of the Ori yeah I'm
just gonna back out real quick
goodbye team ten house goodbye tanner
Fox YouTube goodbye again we always do
that yes now let's go get some Taco Bell
pretty please oh my god we were
currently cleaning out the Challenger
and we're about to fill this McDonald's
trash can we filled this Challenger more
than the minivans we've had guys this is
so gross we ever talked about so a life
it's good by the way guys all of the
suing stuff was just a goof so now like
I said on to the Lamborghini dealership
and McLaren dealership I don't even know
if they're gonna have a p1 there's only
300 of them made let's see what we have
to work with but you have any more of
those they're so good sorry gotta have
my five meals a day I don't know what's
wrong with me right now
ahh we are here so this is a seven 20s
that's beautiful do they have a p1
though 675lt 650s five 70s why is there
a Ferrari in here I'm confused and a
Porsche watching videos you know it oh I
know the one in the corner is a super
toaster butterfly doors like this is a
p1 this is not honestly I love the 720
this is just a little bit more expensive
than the Lamborghini I don't know what
this is is this a go car well they don't
have a p1 I guess we're just gonna have
to go to Lamborghini because I know
they're gonna have Aventadors I just
freaking love these car guys car guys I
love car guys you car guys I
right a parking spot right in the front
for Lamborghini Beverly Hills I already
see a black Aventador right there the
events the doors these are the ones that
I love guys with the pointy fronts kay
if you don't know cars here's a Huracan
this is the kind Jake Paul has this is
the new one the Aventador s you can tell
it's the new s because it has two little
things instead of one any car that I get
next we'll have butterfly doors I hope
you know thank you wanted it for so long
you should have I should I should have
it then Clinton likes these more Taylor
like some more
that's a Murcielago so that color on
this car with this amazing tint that you
can see nothing through stick your hands
it's still warm in there
so the issue continues I still don't
know what fun to get Lamborghini I don't
know we will head back to the hotel and
I will keep dreaming of cars on the way
and leave a comment down below of what
Taylor's first car should be oh my god
Tanner Fox called us here in his tub
Steph we stopped I think the hotel rooms
on it but yeah guys we are gonna go
ahead and in this video here wow that
was not good we gotta get some sleep for
our big day tomorrow
and I got a Lamborghini car didn't get
on the clarin one man it is shiny and it
is high quality isn't it that's so it's
like hard it's like extra yeah but yeah
freaking love you tank Lana thank you so
much watching this video I think you
guys so much for watching all my videos
I know you got my back and my front Emma
merch leave it like if you enjoyed it
subscribe for more videos and I just
messed up my outro I don't even what I
say anyway hey my fault
but you came in looking like that you
just maybe
