okay let the palm down the windstorm
what are you going like guys today we're
back and today hope you guys are all
having a great day it is four o'clock in
the afternoon right now we are in a
parking garage we just got done we had a
counselor session then we went to the
Soho House where our only important
people you don't know how we got in
calling Franta we saw connor franta he's
a nice guy
then we went shopping cuz we got bored
now I'm just now picking up the vlog and
we are going to Santa Monica beach I
believe are you gonna be on the lookout
for a male specimen yeah I'm gonna log
on defender or bumble as Andrew said do
I need to insert the Family Guy song
tend to make you gross
on the way to the beach I'm gonna show
you guys what I got because why not we
have nothing else to do but the first
item it is very bright out I got a black
jacket there's gonna be a lot of black
items in here I didn't buy very much
click baby stuff I think there might be
one white thing in there I thought the
sudden McLaren like almost because I
like MacLaren's but I also like
lamborghini aventador is like don't know
which one to get Lamborghini if its
doors four and a thousand McLaren p1
three million there if you guys do have
an opinion on it leave it down below I
really want to know which one again I
mean I have an Audi alright but it's so
bright either when I get it's gonna be
matte black and I'm gonna go stealthy
through the night notice either one they
won't I bought this one for the winner
it's two layers so in the frigid winters
I can really just bundle up and it fits
like a charm so I got it what's what
what's wrong is that the policemen
coming for us mom because they know I
don't have my seatbelt on this next
one's a pair of pants give me a sec
you're gonna yell mom you have anything
to say about my pants being off you know
what I'm gonna be mom this Beach video
that we're feeling probably dares at the
beach guess what butt naked here Quinton
yes nothing to see here you like on what
else do we have
oh wait wait wait these are the one that
makes my butt look good
warning this one is a little bit
inappropriate you see there's a woman
right here with her leg and her crotch
to oval but it says a bunch of random
stuff it was cool so I got mostly
because I did not bring enough tea
bronzer calm or did clothing calm let's
go to the beach eats let's go get away
oh my god guys I forgot one more thing I
bought and by the way we're at Santa
Monica Pier what did I both bought this
for a goof okay a goof capital G oo F
neither of us are alcoholics I've
answered it numerous QA but check out
these shirts we got ah we're doing but
ye ho Taylor's cold so she's gonna wrap
with a new jacket
quinton is actually going full country
today so our doubled in them for the
first time ever double denim see what
are you coming down to the beach with us
you guys hanging out up here fine
whatever where my other one looks like I
just wanted to give you the warmest
option nice beautiful beach sunset and I
don't want to get my new Yeezy Sandi cuz
that's how I ruined my white one but
obviously I tweeted you guys to give us
some dares for the beach hat for Unkar
Tina on Twitter if you don't follow me
if you want to be involved let's see
what we got eats and make out he's
saying by the way am I getting in the
water it is freezing so you're not
dressed for the occasion I dare you to
bury quentin sorry i don't want to ruin
his jean thing is going on here do you
flip for a kiss at the beach well i am
single now let's just make that our
first thing i'm trying it out kind of
like it oh my god you found a phone so
i've know my country boy jeans yes
they're working condition we leave it
for them yeah so it's not a girl but i
was wondering if i could do a flip and
impress you with it if i could get a
quick kiss oh my I'm straight - yeah
let's end it I've never been more
motivated to land anything in my life
thank you alright thumbnail oh thank god
how can people be Gators I didn't like
that at all but he was convinced he was
he was really cute I'm not gonna lie but
like that was weird I didn't like that I
think that proves I'm not gay wait
jog behind us stranger got him
this isn't on my phone but I'm gonna go
try a flip on a slackline see that I
don't know if they'll let random people
on a but they might oh my god okay well
I know I can't do that
or that oh this is so scary I'm just
gonna hurt myself bro it's I'll try to
stand on it getting a dog oh we did he
did it I'm doing it too leave a like for
this one this is the one flip over a
random person this one's gonna be tough
I don't want them to stand up as I go
for it let's find somebody update he has
a messed-up farm he's still doing it way
better than anybody else we've spotted
girl doing a very long handstand we'll
see if we can get a chance to flip over
here I don't know what's gonna happen
they're focused on doing their handstand
stuff this is not set up at all we
didn't talk to him before this okay
there at least try this out modern
Tarzan modern Tarzan that mighty sunset
is disappearing on us fast
what's - at least like two more at least
race up one of the workout ropes deal
this will finally settle who's the cuter
of us both I bet I'll win you probably
will
I want okay we'll make this our last one
it says set the new Guitar Hero World
Record what
baby world record
they didn't say had to be a wall
record-high I think the low counts to
show me the video to learn today you
just won these okay you see that you see
that I got excited
oh yeah doing one yeah Taylor has now
inspired us to go after one you go first
how many do we put in you gotta like go
for be the clog go go far enough one
stone thing I'll talk what's oh that
thing am I good yeah sure I don't have a
good feeling that it's gonna come on go
up there we go
I gave me the Green Monster
two-in-one I'd crap my pants you got
zero and one and the last thing before
we go
me versus you
your turn quit and take over
g-code I promise
hey bro freaking awesome but you only
have to take this off quick test you
these are any better on day two how oh
my god can you buy it try it okay you
know we're getting a lift first guys but
I'm wondering what I'm wondering when
will the time come when I'm walking to
the pool or the hot tub with his camera
and they're like thank you cuz they're
fired
I'd like to hurry up yeah just go ahead
I'll keep doing this
I don't want to get in the hot tub then
give me your towel go get it loser get
it oh you almost had it
you don't want started it yes yes yes
yes yes yes good job go get that other
this boy won't sue someone easy yeah
it's heavy so I know we're right here
but I like that robot so he can bring us
something snacks you serious yeah so
that they don't know what floor road we
just hit all the buttons we're have to
stop on six floors or we can get to our
burn room for 20 by the way all right
you couldn't just send us to the
basement thank you very much boss alarm
everyone we had unplugged the phone
because people were calling it again
well I said not to do that can you
believe the disrespect I'm gonna write a
strongly worded letter to those people
and if you guys didn't know the only way
to take your for old man pills is with
you fancy hotel water
I think robot is here it said so Oh
little guy big uptick that and that I
didn't order the rest you can keep that
okay guys we were gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you so much watching
two more days here I believe and then
we're going back home I found
you didn't want to go all the way down
there to get yourself a fuck no you
didn't find that outside someone else's
room no isn't isn't a you think okay
yeah the guys watch this video and
everything finished he enjoyed subscribe
for neo-nazi as an excellent guess what
I love you
you just maybe
