are you gonna be in the boxing
tournament for youtubers if there is one
what is going on guys today we were back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day as you guys can see we made
it back home from California even though
I think I'd much rather be in California
right now we just had a lot of fun there
and every time I go there I don't know
why I come back but it is like 70
degrees outside but we have still played
black ops all day long and if you're
wondering about the shirt yes it says
ocean man with my signature tea burger
calm this might be the best shirt we've
ever made I don't know but it's brand
new guys it's almost as sick as my
protein sir visit my channel for the
joopa daba daba screw you become an
ocean man today don't go in my room for
once how you doing that actually hurt is
that what I've been doing to people that
was from Family Guy or American Dad I'm
not sure do you ever used to do this as
a kid that's how you knew you were bad
bad boy
and now I'm just a kid with and many
beards and you guys know how I got these
new crops that are not so new anymore
but they were fluffy for a while they
just got kind of dirty yeah listen those
ones I know they're pretty gross so I
ordered another pair in now I have these
oh and they actually only sent me two so
now I have a lot of Crocs and there's a
pair in the Attic I should probably only
wear socks in the brand-new pair good
evening ocean man how are you thank you
are don't worry you don't have to tell
me to say it because already said it
what the grab bag boxes are back on the
website tan Klan hoodies are back and
quick babies are back in most sizes
that's your advertisement for the day
okay thank you
oh yeah we cuddle night didn't we yeah
Rose was there - yeah Rose you better
watch out Luna is showing signs that
she's gonna take over our tent kind of
croaked I'm guessing it was the wind or
the rain or the snow you can still get
inside but it's just now it's just not
what he used let's play a game of spot
the mattress huh where is it I don't
know
I actually just noticed this the other
day apparently this has been here for
weeks it's the one we dragged behind my
all right it's just shown here and it
kind of blends in really well decorating
our house with trash you have the
Corvette don't you right here oh yeah
that's my grandma okay and of course
every at home vlog we have to check in
on her make sure she's still breathing I
don't need a Lambo guys do I I mean just
look at it just just look okay let's go
here your car I just can't wait I I'm so
excited to show you you got what's
called a muffler delete yeah but that's
illegal so I just got a new exhaust
the item wow you didn't get the
butterfly doors good it's a little bit
louder already I can tell so here we go
for the fun part now your neighbors
gonna get really mad
no that was his car scratching the
rubber oh wow so much louder
like god that's so many backfires the
Lambo would do the same thing but my RA
was louder than the Lambo wait let's do
it again
you're gonna get me kicked out of this
freakin neighborhood yeah yeah we have
to move now that's the guy's house right
there that owns the neighborhood like
he's the guys to make sure we don't do
the bad stuff fire
holy crap its it sounds like a pot
boiling it like looks like we are going
back to California we're just gonna be
able to live here oh my god
oh my god family out there dog they are
gonna be pissed they're literally gonna
know where you came from my house no I'm
just a fan giving you a ride this will
do I'm hoping that I was talking about
cars and always showing ours and our
love for it maybe make some of you guys
start to love cars because if you love
cars and you have something that's like
this to love and let go after and you
dream of it it'll give you something to
work towards and of course Quentin
worked so hard he's a frickin yeah I
just work really hard now but he has the
car that's all the matters that was like
the only motivation make any videos
exactly sometimes you got to do what you
got to do
you might as well just call 9-1-1
yourself but don't worry guys if any
neighbors come to our front door and
they're angry we'll just blame it on my
grandma's car yeah
Mustang yeah did you hear it you hear
Quentin's cars oh yeah he got a muffler
delete on his car you should have been
filming Kay when I when I turn on your
car she literally jumped oh I bet that
was the gold star too now I don't get
the enjoyment ride in my car or via
youtuber in film a Q&A because I have
not done one in a while and I also need
to do a peel box opening again soon or I
think mine's louder now so I see you
found the first gift huh I found it
Quentin for his birthday
actually this is fan mail but you can
still have it and I figured I have your
gift downstairs you know what I'll bring
it to you you just turn on the light in
here before we get into the Q&A guys I
gotta give Quentin his gift his birthday
was kind of January 12th and Dylan's was
January 2nd and for Dylan's birthday I
gave him $500 and since they're both
equal in my heart well we'll throw in an
extra 20 because it's late really late
know how I gave Dylan $500 for his
birthday yeah here's 520 cuz it's pretty
late thanks for the extra 20 that guides
you now you might be my thumbnail I
really don't think I can come up with
own oh really
almost no it does free loud car I got a
free loud car and a free loud friend I
definitely left it here Dylan good being
tall right but can you do this hey I
finally gave him his birthday present Oh
a nice shirt so was it huh what you the
same as you but more uh I give him five
hundred twenty bucks because it was
pretty late I'm trying to find my wallet
I can't are you staying here leaving I
have to leave just for the record I was
gonna invite him to the Q & A but he
said no yeah this attic is losing lights
very quickly guys check it out we're
still doing the QA up here who cares
this looks like we're about to tell a
spooky ghost story you got that
q dog production quality I know what's
your favorite song on ghost stories from
Coldplay always in my head that's the
one we learned how to play the guitar no
it's on the agenda for the next 20 years
you'll get there will you be my
Valentines next year I called dibs on
you after having Luna for almost a year
what's what's been your favorite part
about having her what's some goofy she's
done she's always got energy even when
I'm sad and I just want to sit there
she'll come and lick my face and then
I'll grab her and go hey I'm not leaving
if you got that blue Lamborghini what do
you wrap it or keep it that color keep
it that color it actually had a rap the
black parts on it are a rap and the blue
is the actual paint job it is so
beautiful why you guys pick on girls
that they like well I spent most of my
middle school years picking on guys
mostly Quentin because I like them so
boys are stupid when and where will your
next meet and greet' be will you ever go
in a world to world tour like Antarctica
and stuff yeah so this question allows
me to bring up my anxiety and basically
my overall health lately you guys know
I've had the pain in my stomach like
near my bellybutton whatever I've had it
for like three years now and I've always
wondered what it was and I always
thought maybe it was a mental thing that
made my stomach hurt cuz I basically
have crippling anxiety like that
literally sounds like a meme but it's
true for real I could be riding their
bikes in the sand dunes with all my
friends in California and then I would
still be in a horrible negative mood
because of all the stuff going on in my
head it would distract me from what's
actually going on in the moment and I
know a lot of you guys to go through the
same thing and I still think that the
mental stuff goes into the pain how
often it occurs and whatnot but I
seriously think that I have kidney
stones after talking to my mom my mom
had it when she was like 30 and I've
talked to a few friends I have like the
same exact pain mine just so happens to
happen a lot and I wouldn't be surprised
if I have like internal bleeding or like
serious tears from kidney stones or
something but we got a answer mouth of
two or thing I wouldn't want to do a
tour and commit dates and then have
something happen with my health and I
not be able to put on the show and meet
you guys and basically have the whole
thing ruined that's my fear and I just
want to get this under control and then
absolutely a hundred percent I would do
so much stuff I might have to join the
low gang I think I take over the world
like completely because if you aren't or
than you'd be stressing about all kind
of make the dates and then you wouldn't
make the dates and then I'd be trying to
upload
I'm gonna be doing stuff for dibs and
then I'd be trying to kiss you and stay
in touch yeah too much on your plate I
know last time I went to my counselor he
just told me you need to get some stuff
off your plate and that's what I've been
working on doing so yeah that's my spiel
I don't know but I do know I'm an ocean
man or the custom Healy's ever gonna
have oh yeah I have to pick up my design
like this week and then I don't know
when they're actually gonna go live but
I have to pick from like eight amazing
designs Wow
are you gonna be in the boxing
tournament for youtubers if there is one
I spit everywhere
you need to work out you know how
yesterday you asked me in the QA who the
next youtuber I'm gonna fight is gonna
be yeah came up with a new thumbnail
title it's gonna be you haha Wow paddy
cake paddy rest of the song okay that's
all maybe the little guys club maybe you
and Tanner Fox can ROS hold an egg in
her mouth without breaking it what so
there's this thing on Twitter where
people get their golden retrievers cuz
they have like some soft mouths or
something they'll hold an egg out and
the golden retriever will just like hold
it in their mouth won't break I mean I
guess we can go try it you want to
experiment Time Low's are you ready
can you hold an egg in your mouth
without dropping it come on put it in
your mouth oh yeah yes she's so much
cooler than okay oh she dropped it
doctor on the couch and is still intact
all right Luna your turn Coco's doing GG
that was a ball sit down she's gonna
bite it she's gonna are you kidding me I
thought Coco was a smart dog yes wait Oh
easy on it brush your teeth no we're
good girls but yeah guys we're gonna go
ahead and in this video here in the hope
you guys enjoyed it and thank you guys
so much for watching
pickle to watch this video and over
these like shows under your nose
you just maybe
