oh hi little birdie good morning you
want a muffin hey come back come back oh
there's still one right there here ah
he moved don't get it oh oh he's gonna
go get it yeah what is he thinking you
should have Oh that'd be so funny oh
he's got it is mouth guys well what is
going on guys today we were back in
today hope you guys are all having a
great day look at my outfit today guys
it matches like in a dumb way but it
matches you guys know I bought my
favorite shoe this shoe it was like my
dream shoe the bread Yeezys the black
and reds well they don't go with all my
outfits like this would be good with a
black easy so I think I'm gonna buy a
black easy today is that okay with you
people are gonna think I'm super lazy
all of a sudden oh no no no no she has
kidney issues guys she went to the
doctor she's gonna have surgery soon
she's gonna be all fixed up so you do
approve of my shoe purchase so I have a
choice then yes so shopping and what do
you want to do tailor you take it easy
you two back at it again with the little
yellow money sign I think that's saying
you should work at I helped I was in my
underwear a lot in this video
sure whatever but the video is literally
not even uploaded yet and also Olympic
divers wear speedos the only way me
being in my underwear is gross is if you
make it gross you sick perverts at
YouTube those bodies shamers we will
also probably be taking some Instagram
pictures today with Michael you guys
might know Michael I hope these aren't
staying I left them out last night
Oh gaga fail also I forgot to tell you
guys Dylan Hawke he he peaced out last
night he left he snapchat he's like I
tried to make the the couch the bed I
forgot why you had to leave but he did
have to leave I don't know if he's
coming back today or tomorrow or Never
but it's ok I love you you want to let
me drive so I can compare it to mine
pretty please do you reckon your pain I
won't wreck it I'm not gonna get pulled
over this is LA they don't pull people
over
a bungalow kid so hey mommy can't yell
at me I'm a professional driver I'm
doing it I'm driving this is actually
sweet it's weird I kind of like the
electronic feel of all this but I also
like mine that's an auto electronic hi
Mustang oh just cut me off really I was
trying to record
that's a little isn't some music in
there safe and sound I got you guys we
got here safe and sound almost great
thank you
my mom doesn't think so my mom goes hope
you enjoyed that you're never doing it
again
yeah well free peanuts on the house
there's a free peanuts there's another
bird guys little bird part 2 hey hey hey
you want to be tonight whoa we just take
the peanut you didn't eat it you're
gonna miss your shot take it though he's
not hungry today he didn't like the
peanut well made Taylor
there's where I get all my cool shoes I
mean these are pretty cool I'm gonna use
these in the photoshoot but I still want
one that matches all my outfits like I
already told you guys you guys already
know how it goes inside that store I've
filmed in there like three times so I'm
just gonna skip it PRV
I got some cool kicks man I know they're
only the V ones all my other ones would
be twos but these are still pretty cool
Quentin said if I buy one more pair of
he'll marry me I did so we got to
address the situation the thumbnail and
title the thing that has been on all of
our minds here guys is mines and ours
and it is where are we going to end up
ultimately I I have no clue some part of
me wants to live here a little part of
me and then another part of me that's
also a little part of who wants to live
in Kansas I think what would be a really
cool idea would be having Quentin move
in with me he's almost 18 he can legally
move in roommate and then we have Dylan
Hawk moved to Kansas visa wants to
canter fox said he might be doing a
youtuber house but I think me and him
would just be like competing for content
every day and then it would just drive
both of us crazy but it just so happens
that we are right by the team tent house
right now I'm pretty sure it has a for
sale by owner sign so we're gonna go
look maybe we'll get a price on it maybe
I just use a four clickbait probably you
think I'd ever live there you're kind of
crazy let's go see what we're working
with I drove by one time and there was
so much security but now that they're
moved out I don't think they'll be much
I see a big house oh it's for sale can I
walk in I'm not seeing any security yeah
I'm seeing a car in the driveway though
I don't know whose that is
there's a guy sleep in the backseat so
that's weird it says for sale by Dylan
twins you can see the outline spray pain
of being Maverick there's just an office
chair killing and a water bottle I saw a
video and like everybody else saw a
video of this guy sneaking in one of the
neighbors just looked at it real mean so
we're gonna go back in our car see one
bad thing about living in LA is I don't
exactly know the area everything you do
takes a while I mean I've lived here for
a few weeks and then I ended up making
videos like this where I'm using some
old house from a youtuber instead of
actual stuff so I mean my sincere
apologies okay to logan paul's old
apartment ah no no little closer mom and
I'm the bad driver thank you
good parking
you know I hope you know I get 5% of
your life if you get my merge through
Urban Outfitters your friend sure you'll
wear that yeah get the French sir
hey that is where I got my ring what's
up how you doing okay guys we are on
Rodeo Drive let's see if I know my cars
yet I'm trying to learn cars that's a
that's a Rolls Royce something that's a
Porsche that's a Range Rover that's a
Mercedes something and that's a Mercedes
Turk there's another rolls-royce I don't
know what kind
that's a 2015 Hemi Dodge Challenger oh
my god oh my god oh my god that is a
toaster I know that one finally some
good clothes I didn't press record damn
girl I think we ready for the photo
shoot now we'll walk into Gucci and we
already know you can't film in Gucci and
we also just don't buy anything because
everything looks like that I will see
all right here we go and nope so that is
all for shopping we're gonna go meet
Michael right now and we're gonna take
some cute pictures that's where the ke
ke ute well I hope Michael knows how to
use photo job because I have a chocolate
shake staying there and a chocolate
shake stayin there and lately I've been
super hungry and I've eaten like five
meals a day and I'm gonna hit the gym
again at night guys I wonder if he sees
us I wonder if he thinks we bought a
cool car all Alina's wait wait wait now
what's Q the photography edit
right drew hi guys so we are finally out
of the meetings it is dark outside I'm
in quite the mood mom here's the camera
Oh anything you're gonna do a hand sized
baby that you're keeping die you're
gonna trip very silly easy
give me that back hello my back still
hurts from those barrel rolls in the
street didn't notice thing I did you
know like but just not to say anything I
hoped you'd do it twice I'm driving us
home let's go no you are not look at
that we got some members of the Tang
Clan in the elevator but it's all blurry
they went to the wrong floor there are
five what's Karen wants Karen right now
I'm not putting on those shorts get them
away then get them away from me I'm get
them away I'm in my underwear that's her
mine I'm not putting them on this is a
free country
you guys is mom posse around like this
I'm not putting them I give up I'm not
playing Taylor you stay out of this I
can't wear these tomorrow I'm going on
naked all day tomorrow these are dirty
enough that's number three my mom won't
let me be naked she doesn't I have to
kind of so we're not you delete those
pictures we're going back to memory yeah
guys we are gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it and thank you so much for watching I
don't know why but I'm already ready to
be back home in Kansas I just realize
there's a there's a nipple over there
and we'll boob on the wall there it is
but I still hope you guys enjoyed the
California vlogs and I hope you watch
them all and I hope it makes you happy
and I really gotta pee so thank you guys
so much for watching this video and
don't leave like an offence you enjoyed
subscribe for new no see yes next one my
mom's gonna make me pee with my shorts
on now I'll just piss my pants thanks
you just maybe
