oh yeah I just wanted to wake you up
with some cuddles I saw the ring lad but
maybe he's just being funny
I looked real hard myself again you
think I'd ever cuddle with you without
recording it what are you gonna go hey
we're back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great date can you see the
clock over there it says 911
that's better it's nine twelve I have
been up since 6:00 a.m. editing and
today we're flying out we fly out about
noon don't want to laugh and galia we
are going to LA today Quinn's coming
with us
how'd you guys see my room is still
horribly filthy and I'm supposed to be
getting new carpet in my room like
tomorrow and I'm gonna be gone like I
don't know who's gonna move all my stuff
out I don't know who's gonna clean it
all I know is that they better be
careful with trans Kater
dude if they broke him imagine they'd
take a piece of my heart have I shown
you guys this I got a tattoo of you on
my foot I need to finish editing I need
to shower I need to pack and they need
to do all of it within about an hour and
a half so I gotta go for now well I will
see you guys when we are heading out
Tristan's not coming with us though no
oh
sure make the YouTuber do all up in one
well I'm you didn't tell me it was gonna
be negative 69 today holy crap it snowed
everywhere and no Healy's will be worn
on this trip because i don't have my own
signature heel yet oh and I do I'm
wearing them to every single airport but
I'm not repping the normal Healy's they
they're not cool enough really they're
looser first flight is leaving a little
bit later we still should make it to LA
on time but we won't
oh god it's actually freezing here from
her vaping right now I'm not gonna
Bernie sweet we went to Denver to
connect to LA instead of Dallas and it
feels great
dude mom isn't running she really wants
to make that
we do have seats on the very next play
just go a little further here the
customer services on the right-hand side
of the
naptime that was a useless charge we
missed our flight
there's nothing like watching the plane
you bought tickets for fly away two
hours later we are making our flight and
Quinn and I are together again yeah when
I think that lady next to you sucks so
we are in LA right now but my mom's bag
is not she that lady she's talking to
over there apparently hers is lost too
because we had to get on another flight
they think it's on the other flight and
then that could be anywhere so we
finally find your bag and you're about
to leave another one let's just get to
the hotel okay and I just realized that
it's only 5:30 guys and it's dark out
Taylor what's your vote on our rental
car it's got to be cool most cars have
three seats F four seats do you know
that what do you think about cars huh
what's your what's your vote for the car
I already got a minivan so that's what
we're separating no why mom mom i hyped
it up no no no we're stealing we're not
go in there and change it I got ten
minutes I could change it how are we
gonna get all of our luggage in the
Challenger stuffing I'm listening now I
think we're gonna get the black
Challenger that one yes
oh boy is it all gonna fit I don't know
and it's actually toasty here so I don't
need my jacket I told you challengers
have huge trunks look at that check that
out I smell marijuana take a wild guess
guys where we at right now I'm not gonna
lie it feels like midnight I slept on
one of the planes took a nap in the
airport feels like midnight Quentin and
I finally mix it up where's the picture
right there
hot chocolate means really good this
one's really bad okay so that one thank
you you the manager yes I am are you
guys open for applications yes Michael
I'm gonna go inside the car you gonna
play with another weed holiday you need
more people I'm trying to get a job for
like 30 seconds for my video very hot
okay while we wait for the manager to
make a pair of mind if I can get a job
here not and I have your cream please
no you Serge your sin I know it's not
that good when it's dirt
did you just spit out the hot chocolate
did you not like it I know it's kind of
gross I hadn't still of you I hope you
try mom tastes like liquid pumpkin pie
thank you
Sciences employees only don't enter it
but I'm an employee
here grab some menus real quick
thank you it's her first day but she's
helping me
here's our specials we're having it's
like hot chocolate but it's not that
all right your server will be with me
Becky yes I was easy I was made like
what five bucks right I'm quitting
YouTube so how is working a real job man
it is rough Rhea go home yeah there's
long hours grab the bathroom so they
wouldn't let me go back in the kitchen
and boss people around which is really
what I was hoping for but I'm glad she
even let me do that good meme shout-out
to the lady that called me me me huh
you bet you are very nice Nijo and me ha
ha yeah you're very nice and thank you
for letting me fool around in your
restaurant and now to the hotel that we
always stay at don't call our room
pretty please maybe we will destroy some
stuff by the pool maybe we won't I think
Dylan Hawk is coming over let's do it
let's get it ha ha hold this hold this
hold you got it you got it you got it we
got to start breaking stuff yeah right
don't worry I'm still a good guy what
you're watching Blue Bloods well
whatever that is that Richard from
friends yeah I love that guy anyway
while you're being lazy we're gonna go
hit the gym hey we are no I'm not
kidding I gotta make my tattoos look
good we're gonna make an edit against
wall my mom says don't get kicked out
because we had to be here for five days
your shoes match your underwear and
shorts you're right there's the
notorious pool and hot tub it's empty
right now but we'll have to go to it
later Dylan is on his way crap there's a
guy in here it's gonna be awkward
okay
okay okay
Oh finally the old man's gone now we can
yeah time for a serious edit we were
just goofing
at first I saw the fan I was like you
didn't drive a bandit I Drive a van
here's your key wheels can you teach me
how to drive manual so you don't want to
do it on this clutch yes I do is toast
I saw your story I don't care parking
garage challenge because obviously I
suck at it should I do it
yeah do I hear let me get this person
out of my way a large Milan go up if I'm
near Oh howling the cameras all you need
in scream alarms will not go off the
time near them to the hot tub oh my god
that pool is looking dirty there's a lot
of ejaculation oh oh you thought I was
gonna get my brand-new shorts wet never
judge a book by it's cover ever okay
somebody needs to record this cuz I'm
about to make history what are you gonna
do so you guys broke yeah there's no
ways in a woman
now go for was the one
all of these so that their
reinforcements are strong look it that's
where I crushed it down the toilet
if it wasn't for Dylan and I breaking
this this would have been weakness that
they never would have made it strong
save the world one day at a time get in
here what are you doing it's boys night
no we're changing together okay guys we
are done in the tub right right
everybody flex everybody flex I don't
know how long this vlog was I don't know
how much since it made but watch this
video and don't for me like share things
if you enjoyed subscribe for new and
I'll see you guys Maxum I love you
anymore
you came looking like that you just made
bitch
