yo I'm just trying to edit my video
listen to these people installing the
carpet upstairs I'm getting your carpet
yeah I can tell it was way louder
earlier it's on my snapchat go ahead man
snapchat I'm verified on snapchat tanner
underscore V 24 this is what no-shave
November looks like happy happy birthday
here's a nanner what are you oh my guys
today we're back game today how because
y'all have an upgrade day but no one
cares about me but it's all about you
just kidding happy birthday Taylor
so where we going to eat all of it you
mean it I don't think I showed you guys
this is very important we got new carpet
even though I want a foam put it here
still like she's getting new carpet in
her room right now so it doesn't smell
like dead bird hello and then I get
carpet soon Tristan are you doing
anything for no-shave November
I am definitely shaving uh I shave every
morning join the beard plus and no from
me can you see mine though I'm driving
separate who would have thought bye
that's my neighbor yeah hope you guys
are all having a great day today my car
was actually kind of acting up this
morning it went like kind of jolt II I
think it might be because of the cold
weather first time that's ever happened
but I hope you guys are smiling I hope
you're doing something fun like watching
my videos we're gonna go eat and of
course I have a better present for my
sister last year I got her the MacBook
Pro that she wanted and this year she
hasn't really given me any ideas like
I'm kind of just shooting in the dark I
don't know what she wants I know one
thing that she wants I'll probably get
her that will figure it out as soon as
we get back home I'm gonna race my mom
to all of garden
oh my god guys I just had the loudest
tunnel flame-throwing popping experience
in my life and I didn't record it I was
just so focused I'm so pissed my mom
definitely got scared by that and this
lady just took a picture of my license
plate because of it do you like that yes
did it scare you now if someone parks
next to me this time I will actually be
pissed and look at these fools my god
while we eat here is a birthday edit for
Taylor
yeah no one's with it oh he's gone now
there's a creepy old man in a van
looking at our house and then following
me and then he left you girls wanna help
me bamboozle Taylor huh you're gonna
help me though for real I have to do my
audition tape oh yeah he's an actor I
mean I haven't even found the box yet
that I'm gonna use but I don't know
what's wrapping paper to use either yeah
krome we have Christmasy so it turns out
I don't have as much wallpaper as I
thought I did but I wrapped half of this
wall or whatever and then I have another
wall and then I'm gonna put him like
diagonal one's gonna be like this one's
gonna be like this and she's gonna go
like whoa well what's in the box but I
gotta finish this up I'm gonna use the
chrome wrapping paper
yeah I'm gonna be a horrible parent I
don't know how to wrap stuff this is so
ugly like thumbnails gonna have to be
Photoshop oh crap is that my mom
that means tailors here I think okay
guys there's a bump in the road
my sister has not even set up her TV yet
and I'm gonna be giving her my other
Xbox that I never used it's basically
brand new it is brand new I used it in
California whenever we lived there for a
couple weeks but oh my god and the play
was just put this behind the walls I
made and be like surprise let's just
squeeze this in there I told my mom to
text me and give me 20 minutes before
they got because they went out shopping
let's see did you get big birthday
balloons yeah oh my god now you can take
an awesome Instagram picture I'll take
it for you I guess and dog food hey I
fed them on banana this morning I don't
know why you got that you want to go
take it inside by the stairwell by the
Roundy staircase we got along good
that's good cuz the plants that remember
it'll look really cool
I got you being here oh it's huge when I
really didn't
anything I love you didn't believe yeah
of course I am I'm like YouTube dude
this is huge best gift okay push down
the walls
dad dad it's a controller it's one
single Xbox controller
hey where's the amazing reaction like
last year oh yeah it's already in your
room I set up your TV and everything no
I didn't either side of your TV bowl
let's go play I'm gonna download
fortnight for you you can even sign into
my Xbox Live who's my credit card but
only for today then I'm kicking you off
this damn I should have bought our car
Shane good no I do I'm like it's great
thank you thank you thank you so yeah
you're gonna have to set up your TV for
this gift to be useful but there you go
hey guys should I unpack we move it in
and March give me a dog mom your gift is
better than mine I was looking for this
like a year ago
and I couldn't oh there's velvet on the
bag don't like velvet I hate velvet or
do that yeah oh oh I don't like that
either
I've been freezing all day long but
refused to put my hoodie on hey fam your
North Face jacket would look so much
better with a supreme logo on dab Gucci
wit fam dab if anybody thought that was
a gift cuz I'm a youtuber and I'm a big
shot I need to give her gold coins I
already do way too much for her so I'm
getting all the Instagram patients so
people can comment three more years till
she's mine that I feel yeah how do
people do this it's impossible
let's see 5:30 6:00 p.m. and it's almost
freakin dark now I have to wear this
every day then I see you anywhere you go
this would be the perfect hoodie if
there was like a built-in camera right
by the light
who are you riding with I just asked you
that I know but I asked you you can ride
with me if you want wait I have better
tunes so come on in we are going to my
dad's house for my sister's birthday at
my dad's house if your parents are
divorced you get two birthdays yeah yeah
yeah unless you are really busy and this
just kind of gets in the way especially
with your sister and you don't really
care I'm kidding oh and I see you yeah
freaking chillin you like it what's up
what's up everybody
hey dude no way we have snuck off into
my dad's room because we got to sign the
card and there's no way Taylor knows
that I'm signing this right now I signed
it months ago I promise okay go go go go
there you go wait I already underlined
it you do something else
oh um okay wait let me do a little bit
of that and that and what oh wait I
screwed it up she'll never know Kuipers
birthday edit part two
oh my god my old room at night it looks
haunted cue the scary music
oh there's a ghost oh I remember this
thing all the crank the bottom of it
crank crank the bottom of it yeah oh hey
we had the lava lamp rocket ship the TV
we play xbox here man I took Tristan's
pillow one time and then he yelled like
Tristan I actually really love sleeping
here and winter this comforter I was
always just so warm I like five blankets
on me I'm definitely gonna sleep over
here soon because I miss my bed and my
basketball I love playing basketball Hey
Hey look before your gifts you mind if I
tell the story that I want to the time I
hit that deer let me set the mood for
you real quick it's a cold winter night
freezing and I had this hat on
thank God or else I would have killed us
all so me and my friend Quentin we're
heading down Albuquerque took a wrong
turn we were on the edge of this cliff
why should we come up on this this
bridge and doing equipment yells dare
dare dare dare dear I said what honey I
mean he said no there is an animal in
the road
it's a deer and then I said oh and then
at that point I got up off the floor of
the drive yeah and then I and then I got
back up my seat buckled up put my shoes
back on and by the time all that
happened I killed it time where do you
look at my truck and I was like damn
half of my trucks gonna be gone I'm
gonna have to get a new country boy
mobile but when I went to the front of
my truck and I look to see like what the
damage was there was like a little
little bit of hair a little bit of guts
but there's a lot of Tristan's gay yeah
did you hit me
yes now open your gift oh you were my
favorite grandchild one word out of your
mouth and it's a lie I go steal her
cookies and play with her daughter all
the time ha ha ha motivates my thing by
the way no that's actually trademark uh
halluf david dobrik is getting away with
it oh it's gonna replace yours now ah
this is a bag full of goodies she's too
lazy to lift it up and I'm too lazy to
get up to show you the beginning three
lights my dad was right there when I
said no no give I give I
let me to watch the deer I will with
this anybody Taylor's not he here
Tristan's room is unlocked so he's not
in here you know I I just forgot to
check the most convenient place where
they would be seriously that's my own
damn room I'm about to play fort night
all night edit in the morning sleep on
the plane and get my video tomorrow
hopefully yeah if you guys didn't know
we're going to LA tomorrow for some
business stuff and we also haven't gone
on a trip and a little tiny bit so yeah
thank you so much for this video and if
you like each other friend if you
enjoyed subscribe you know see you guys
next time subscribe to join the team
play
you just maybe
