do you guys ever have a jacket without a
hood like there's nothing you can do it
just it looks so stupid but then you
find a the cool thing calm and then you
have a t-shirt wait a hood and then all
your problems in life are solved
loving right operation beat the garage
door let's do it yeah where does the
only guys today we are back and today I
hope you guys are all having a great day
it's early morning it is nasty outside
it's rainy it's cold it's not really
alright weather but I drove it like two
nights ago when it was the same and my
tires felt fine they didn't freeze so I
don't know if people were feeding me
crap but I think they're fine for winter
maybe they'll freeze when it snows I
don't know we'll find out but right now
I'm going to watch my baby cousin get
baptized I take a day off from YouTube
so don't have to wake up early and edit
well guess what you're waking up earlier
thanks mom yeah I have a new baby cousin
her name is Amelia
it's my mom's brother's kid the mom's
name is Sally the dad's name is Dallas
and they have eight kids together I
believe there's a lot of them okay I'm
sorry if I'm wrong but we're gonna go
say what's up and watch a baby get
dipped in some water and I'm gonna go to
church
I was supposed to be here at 9:00 I was
jamming though that's my excuse okay
baptize you in the name of the Father
and of this and of the Holy Spirit
that's my uncle Damian that's my grandma
cor to you that's Garrett my cousin
that's my other cousin yeah okay we are
done with that we just had a delicious
lunch look at our respectful year being
Oh barely stepping on my new shoes
I wasn't even around another dog but
she's sniffing all over probably cuz I
haven't worn these in forever you smell
my closet floor hey ah it is getting so
cold thankfully I have my hooded shirt
and guess what guys my foot I'm walking
on it baby I'm free the swelling's
almost completely gone away so I can
walk doesn't even hurt that bad I took a
lot of medicine I'm gonna flip on it bro
no bottom of my feet roll weapon the
grass I bled for those can't jump up
here it's not fair I'm gonna run and
slide we're going inside oh crap hot
tubs been open for two days now is it
even still high oh yeah it's still hot
I've been open since the last video I
made and the reason I didn't upload
yesterday I started off not being in the
mood to film then I got super busy then
whenever I got done being busy I wanted
to go to sleep so I went to sleep I set
two alarms to wake up three hours later
and film my video never did that stuff
through both of us Taylor I must say I
love the security tactics you're going
for a wooden stake in the door plus we
have this body yard but we are actually
starting today's video earlier in the
day and like I said I hope you guys are
all having a great day I hope you're
smiling and I hope you have the tan clan
tattooed on your ankle or at least the
tank Lane hoodie from tea broker calm if
you're not subscribed subscribe now to
join the tank land now I think since my
foots better we should do an edit of
everything I can do now that I can walk
man
handstand and everywhere I go
oh we just broke a table for nothing
this was something yeah I was for
something the Edit I guess subscribe we
didn't use it anyway it's still sizzling
and this is why you don't break tables
Oh
well we were doing that so long the Sun
came out that's over there beautiful
it's probably setting actually Tyler
come here try to find one speck of glass
I may be childish but I'm responsible
she was yelling at us saying we wouldn't
do a good enough sound one you have
glasses on you can see better it's gonna
be a lot of dirt guaranteed yeah there's
a lot of dirt yeah
the glass should be at the bottom check
that out rich oh yeah guys and Quinn's
here he just helped me I didn't even say
that bigger obviously in the clips
that's Brianna Quinn's boyfriend and
Quentin's girlfriend and we're gonna
film a quick video for Quentin's channel
and then we will continue with the Chris
McCarthy on YouTube there you go
so we're done with their video but like
here's the thing the Sun is already
setting it's getting kind of dark
outside when I draw on your face again
yeah I view the Weiner then I got cut so
Quentin do you want to make $1,000 I
paid Dillon when he did this twenty
dollars worth of candy like a thousand
dollars where's the candy note there's a
thousand dollars but this one has
antifreeze in it I jumped in it I didn't
know I had antifreeze in it I regretted
it immediately if someone paid me a
thousand dollars I wouldn't do it again
dude what I get a rash my butt you're
paying I got one on my butt I'm not to
get showering right now Yeah right after
cuz the chemicals do I send you the
picture of the rash on my butt I wish we
got to get you an outfit first big
reveal there's water on the cover so
you're gonna have to clear a little bit
of the pool cover by the way yes they
jump off the fifth story bit yes
I've never even done that before this is
gonna be great front flip imagine how
bad my nips are my nuts fluffy roses
swimming Wow
Rose how are you not frizzy cool oh my
god she's gonna freaking die just
remember that suit gives you the power
can you move the cover anymore at all no
I can't all right you can go whatever
you want make it 5,000 bro okay I guess
five stories equals 5000 whatever $5,000
you're jumping in right now you want to
trampoline to jump off yeah yo I'm gonna
have to knock $50 off because that's my
favorite outfit ready no but yeah
you go you good I am in it's art to come
naked so we don't get the water everyone
yeah true first in if you're in there
okay people like if you like it now
there's a the shock is set in it's not
that bad
did you see Quentin naked did you want
to I don't hear a shower are you good
yeah are you dead or not oh well guess
why I don't have the money with me we're
gonna have to go to the bank I'm a man
of my word though just remember Tanner
has fancy shampoo I smell it I smell the
shampoo guys look he's gonna get in
front of my ring light real quick look
at the rash already going on your
shoulders just a little bit on the back
but we're gonna go to the ATM real quick
are you guys gonna dog pile on the front
yes
alright this is the first time anything
illegal has happened in this car right
sister I want to make sure the cops
don't see ya
and your shoulder blade when enemies
guys there's a cop way up there right
there
he turned on his lights right behind me
I was like oh boy but then he just went
for the guy that was probably doing
something way less worse there we go
are you complete with your transaction I
do not mean to do that
the guy still there accidentally stepped
on my gas taking all my money out of my
console do you want the crackers with it
or no I'm lactose intolerant ake the
money
goodbye money that's actually grow so
many people's hands have been on this
you probably can't reach your pocket
right now but there you go man whoa you
guys are just leaving right now well I
mean I just gave you the money we're
gonna go unlike not hang out that's new
people all know that we're not even
friends in real life so why are you to
make me stay dude they don't know that
yet and I'm not even I'm just gonna cut
that out like I don't care fine whatever
you take your stupid money I need some
new friends
that was a good but yeah I'm keeping the
money
Taylor no one is going to murder us
thanks mom Wow
Rose you're still a little wet she looks
comfy on you she's in the final five on
fortnight for final four there's three
other people Taylor Bush over there
Taylor look go to left top of the hill
right there there's a bush go there's
another one that dancer yeah it is oh
she's still in the circle I heard this
night per bullet please don't die final
three she's fine telling you didn't that
Bush getting that Bush I know
okay guys we are gonna go ahead and end
this video here and I hope you guys it's
Jordan to kiss after watching gonna -
Taylor how to play this game don't leave
like a turn friends if you enjoyed
subscribe to new Nazi guys
I love you take Elaine by the way that's
it
you just maybe
