ha ha ha my feet oh my god I'll know if
I can do these cats it's so I need
oh my beats yeah these look scared for
my scrotum
what are you go my guys today we were
back in today I hope you guys are all
having a great day I'm like a boiling
hot down here and ice cold up there and
today we are going to be I don't want
all this smoke quit villain today we're
gonna be reading fan fictions and
reenacting them I think my foot hurts
and I'm reppin Murch t brag nerd calm
Tana brogard sister alright skipping
over that one I'm gonna try to look I'm
naked why is there still only like seven
wait why did you type in Dillon Quinn
Manzana no Tenenbaum guard how do you
spell right we made one of these before
if you haven't seen it go watch it
during the video
why are my neighbor's talking right now
I can hear them where's outside yeah
it's cold
Tanner Braun guards other sister what's
up it's gonna be about Justin
a single teardrop rolls down my cheek
like a golf ball down a hill the sadness
inside me is like a monster eating at my
insides devouring me inside and out
another tear falls as my aunt steps
through the doorway Isabelle darling
time to go to school now dot dot my aunt
smiled I he knew this was in the 1980s
all people darling wait wait wait what
scratch all that because it's a page
long we got you guys going algebra was
boring English and history the same why
is none of this about me what are you
what you type in Dannebrog nerds Ragnar
Pepin Quinton McCarthy I'm like BB beep
I opened my eyes to the annoying sound
of an alarm clock going off on my phone
so it's time to go see my dad for the
big surprise I was boring we took quick
showers and headed over to my dad's oh
yeah I forgot to tell you that I'm 17
and Sarah is 18 all right we got the
backstory little protagonist antagonist
all rising actually got a nice little
nice little story you're working on
there baby good novel huh got a
compelling protagonist obstacle for him
to overcome am I not doing this right
because they're all super short I have a
big air bubble in my shorts why do you
have more than me I want to know cuz
dude whenever you have these I have six
there's no way I had six last time okay
my best friend Quentin McCarthy by
Tanner burger so me and Mike winter
Conaty our best friend he told me to
come over through his house and he had a
big surprise for me I went to his house
and he gave me a present
what is it I open it and it was a brand
new iPhone 7 I hugged him and said thank
you brand new iPhone 7 I saw it on your
Christmas list how'd you know it's
Christmas because after October it's
Christmas what about Thanksgiving this
is a mess this must be pretty old I
hugged him it said thank you
he said no prob I don't talk like that
so after that we watched a scary movie
together I know why he wanted to watch a
scary movie so if I got scared I would
cuddle into his chest classic if it was
about me and a boy after the movie he
asked if I'd like to stay the night
because it was Friday I said sure and
texted my mom I'm sweating holy we
watched more movies in his bedroom
winded up falling asleep together
when I woke up Quentin didn't have a
shirt on oh and his arms were around my
waist I looked at him and he woke up he
said something that surprised me he said
he loved me
more than a friend I told him I loved
him too after that he set up and he
pulled me onto his lap and we started
making out I think so has a camera in
your house and just writing about I
wanted to get dressed get away from me
right now would slightly wait I'm
talking about
I thought I quit listening for a second
and I went from I love you I'm gonna get
dressed looky I don't bring gloves so I
stole some of Quentin's look how they
spilled your name bottom right and
queens me and Molly made out and I loved
it Molly yeah her name's Molly I never
said that I think my cousin married a
girl named Molly oh this is just weird
then yeah Molly man out and I loved it
after that she said she loves me
whenever we were done she stole a pair
of my joggers and a t-shirt I didn't
know I would mind I love my joggers I
planned on taking her out and asked if
she would be my girlfriend
Thanks escalated quickly as I ripped off
Quentin's blouse my blouse it doesn't
actually say it doesn't actually say
blouse it's those trousers whoever wrote
this was in England
hey trousers in hand I threw them
against the door thinking nothing of
what could have happened and who could
have walked in and saw it all he grabbed
my hair like I was Rapunzel in the Seven
Dwarfs give me them luscious locks girl
my father came I pulled him over to my
side of the bed you're gonna get do you
monetize they ripped off the rest of his
clothing even his socks you don't have
any socks on bro you don't have any
stuff I'll take off his invisible socks
dad to buy a new pair no taking my
joggers you're taking my socks you're
pissing me off he violently hugged me
that's how we're gonna in that story
moving on to the next one you've ever
taken a snapchat right now I'm gonna
read this one cuz I'm sick of it I'm
about to graduate from online school
I'll type in doing the tool all right
this one has eight point one thousand
three one of my stories on here at
200,000 views that is crazy
get your fat butts up I yelled as it
boomed through Taylor's basement ten
more minutes Tanner groans fifty years
doing yo I want to cuddle with Dylan
today well I'm gonna get a start on my
day what's going on guys it I'm back you
guys are the laziest creatures I've ever
been friends with you guys are the lazy
creatures I've ever been friends with
Dylan replies but I'm the laziest is my
Latin roll my eyes he smiles back at me
i plop on the bed with Dylan since I
slept there
it's not weird we have been friends for
seven years so when I woke up he was
almost falling off the bed he was
sprawled out on Tanner's taco bed guys
it's 12 o'clock get your booties up or
I'm going to jump on all of you this
sounds like a normal intro to my vlogs
no one really cared because I'm pretty
light I served with Dylan since he's
next to me I stand on the bed and he
proceeded to land on Dylan's torso he
clinches up while I'm still on top of
him I warned you Dylan I said laughing I
roll off of him to the other side of the
bed dying and laughter my stomach hurts
I yell laughing obnoxiously where do
where does something happened I'll go to
the last paragraph I connected my phone
to the speaker and play some songs I put
hit or miss on by Jacob Sartorius wow
that is a long gone trend I started
dancing around the bathroom while Dylan
is watching me with his arms crossed
I keep dabbing because I mean that's
just who I am he laughs at my craziness
dude I'm on the fourth chapter I'm still
going there's five so spill me what
Quinton yeah spill the details me of
Taylor part of last night me we
literally just watch Netflix the whole
time Tristan you sure that's all me
yes I promised I'm not acting that out
there's way too much well with us put a
fixture of it on the screen they were
watching Netflix together Dylan and his
woman and after watching four episodes
of friends the girl leaned in and said
we've been doing this for so long and
I'm getting really bored do you want to
do something more fun and Dylan said
like what when she leaned in to kiss him
we've been doing this for a while I'm
starting to get bored what else should
we do something more fun than this
and then Dylan pulled back well back off
sister
and she said what's wrong and Dylan said
I don't say this I don't really know how
to tell you this but I'm gay well there
you have it
I don't know if this videos 10 minutes
Oh better cover that YouTube's not gonna
like this but I hope you guys liked it
we're obviously filming this video
tonight I didn't even know if I was
gonna film the video cuz my freaking
foot has been acting up still guys I
could stand on it can't walk on it
I'm trying oh I freaking love you taken
I didn't think I said what about this
video don't really like there's I've
interviewed subscriber new dozen guys
you guys are the craziest creatures my
damn wife hey pretty lady
Hey I got you an iPhone 7 no yes
I literally mean no why not the tens now
let me stroke your beautiful hair you
best I'm robbing a bank tonight I need
it like that money in the bag hmm I'm
Tristan I'm gay Oh God is that a mole on
your back no have you got cut off when
we went we stayed all 9 the never the
lock-in of the trampoline place oh yeah
when I landed on my back and one of the
champions are the holes in it a ripped
half of it all then tried to go to the
bathroom oh I'm bleeding yeah one of the
gay guys there's like you can make
guacamole you can't say that about your
own kind all right
thanks for watching
you just maybe
