yeah you see that see you attract
severity I'm sorry can you see it yeah
so can't really appreciate just how
swollen it is that guy's worth two
doctor right now I'm about to get a big
old shot because my Yellowjackets team
and me my foot all puffy no let's just
get some new ones burial croc should be
sending you those for free as much as
you hype them up for me that's good for
not really sweet thank you okay check
your snapchat Mac sent me a text and
said guess what I'm sitting like a lady
and a man wait I refreshed it I don't
even know if I can tell learn I get away
sailor go to your snapchat it doesn't
show it yet but yeah it'll probably take
a little bit yay now verified on
everything in my mom she's known as a
doctor right now for something I just
went to the doctor my foot I can't walk
I have to hop he's verified on
everything except for musically can hate
me you never post on yeah okay come on
Taylor Hawk with me outside
yeah yeah yeah yeah what is going on
guys today we're back in today hope you
guys are all having a great day my
stupid foot bro it's so swollen I can't
walk on out I've been hopping for two
days I got a little bandage down here
I'm trying all sorts of things to try to
make it work but anytime I step my foot
down it feels like I just got stung
again so guess what it's a driving video
today we're gonna drive okay but guys
this rose gold cord that's been in my
car since I got it wrapped it works like
half the time now it just keeps going in
and out it might because I jumped off
the fifth story into my pool but also it
might be because every long cord
eventually just falls over dead and it
just pause on itself maybe but the grace
guys and my hurt foot will not stop me
or detain claim yeah my sister's not
here right now she's gonna be driving
this car today guys I know she has a
learner's permit so she's driven a few
times with my mom she's not really gone
on a drive by yourself yet so it'll be
interesting watching her try to drive
this and it's also starting to sprinkle
outside so this ought to be a black
where are we Taylor it's a big empty
parking but Chinese fire drill oh my god
Taylor is driving my collar for the
first time and the last time ever if she
crashes it crippled life wait-wait-wait
thumbnail there yeah be gentle on my
foot okay in my car do you know how to
work this contraption always wear your
seat belts with a student driver okay
give it your best shot of getting it
into drive you've seen me do before you
can put it down yeah you can raise it
see in that nifty oh you just made a
farting noise you how do you do yours no
hints will be given your car is like
your spaceship you should see my
ultimate dream car guys I don't know if
I've told you I don't know which one I
rattled off a list of possible cars but
I think it is the McLaren p1 someday now
this is a spaceship I'm gonna insert a
picture I've shown you before the p1
what do you think the first thing you do
is there you go okay that's on the brake
alright now what alright and do that
it's not labeled right yeah I know wrong
you got to put down the parking brake
first is your foot on the brake
a is for automatic there's no D for
Drive so you put that down and then
you're an automatic actually is that
he's lived in sport mode and with the
exhaust on for maximum fun okay so you
have the whole open parking lot you can
do donuts if you want I'm gonna die oh
yeah there you go see it's just like a
normal car but it's faster okay watch
out for the holes pretty please Taylor
there's a massive hill right here do not
go up oh you're gonna scrape okay hey
back up
Hey stop stop stop subside reverse there
you go now back up good how far you want
me to go that's good enough nope now put
it back in automatic there you go go up
the hill at an angle so you don't scrape
okay
that's what super car owners have to do
take it at an angle there you go you're
good you're good
and
we didn't scrape holy crap okay now
we're on an open mostly flat parking lot
just remember the break why are you
going over the patchy parts see how
tight the wheel is like feel how it
grips you it keeps you safe in case you
screw up so it's actually a really safe
car okay whenever we're like going down
the highway and you like do that thing
that makes why are you scared what are
you scared of yeah now go in a circle
kind of quick yeah see how it grips you
did that my truck would be on the ground
upside down dude if you were 21 I could
drive us home you're driving us home by
the way that's so illegal who cares
we're not gonna get pulled over this car
is literally a target yeah I know dude
no if I get pulled over my licenses come
you're not getting no that's a bunch of
horse you're not gonna take after me
you're not gonna speed we're gonna be
fine all right have you had enough for
the field gone in enough circles yet
yeah every time you hit the brake it
revs people think I'm an asshole but I'm
actually just hitting the brake that
sport mode okay go to that exit over
there it'll be the easiest way out no I
don't like breaking the law you're not
it's my car I should be the one that's
scared I'm not scared you're driving us
home most important thing is to relax
and just listen to what I tell you if I
tell you to hit the brakes hit the
brakes and there's the way out onto the
road cars are going 40 here so just you
know you're gonna have to gas it a
little bit that's the name of the game
right blinker stop stop stop stop what
the now we wait there's a lot of cars
all right now you can go
sorry about that good that's an idea
except I do it on purpose okay
the tunnel is right up here you have to
floor it through the tunnel a little bit
hit the brake immediately in the gas it
go anything break she went back up to
the speed limit guys no I'm so nervous
why he's being here all the time
because it's so fun watch out for the
Corvette most of the drivers are old man
they might not see it we're here yet
slow down yeah I don't like it they're
racing brake because I hate it whenever
people are like someone's gonna turn out
front yeah you're not gonna be able to
stop I've stopped from 103 seconds so do
you see that person just go her - that
person that just red bias that that's my
life every day okay I don't want to race
your Subaru it's all part of the fun of
the car what I've never driven a car
without mom yeah well I'm right here
beside all right it's green you can go
you can go sorry about that I think
she's got it under wraps huh my car's
right so I will just make an edit of the
rest of the way home
okay my car is safe and sound in my
garage that was successful but overall I
mean she's still 14 years old and she
drove in an r8 and she didn't crash it
so leave it like Tristan have you ever
driven Mari I know
well I'm sorry Taylor just yeah cool
what's for dinner
let's Agni oh hi didn't see you there
have you been hurt by a wasp sting is
this swelling up your whole damn foot do
you hop around or just don't walk at all
and sit on your beanbag call the number
on your screen immediately or else
you'll end up like me I tried to slurp
it and if it wasn't for my dog show the
dog I'd be a lonely fool hi I can't do
anything ah
go watch Tristan's videos oh yeah no
actually he does the same thing I'm
doing right now sitting yeah I don't
know what I'm gonna do for this this
vlog like I did the car thing because I
can't frickin do anything we'll figure
it out but for now Oh blue now can you
scoot over you're in my spot I got it I
gotta sit right there I'm about to strap
a GoPro to you so you can finish my vlog
am I allowed to film this yes you're
right now currently in this moment in
time I am designing my very own Healey
shoe that will be available to the
public soon enough probably be spring
but we got to get a head start on it we
have to make it the perfect shoe I don't
know if I wanted to light up or not so
there's this one it's pretty plain but I
like it and then there's that one that
lights up see those are lit like
actually link so we're giving them our
thoughts and we are gonna have a
prototype soon imagine me Taylor with my
own shoot rolling around town ring on my
middle fingers one arm like this and one
like this it'll happen okay let me see
it oh my god I'm crazy it's finally
there my emoji is on my snapchat of
course I chose the rose I was gonna do
the rainbow like clickbait but I'm not
you oh what's that Tara Fox you're not
verified loser I'm just - being verified
on snapchat is not that many people are
so it's a big it's a big deal you know
I'm a big deal 3.4 something million
subscribers but yeah guys I'm gonna go
ahead in this video here I'm trying to
make my foot heal I'm taking Benadryl I
got the shot
I'm doing everything I can you don't
know how much it annoys me being like
this hopefully it goes away soon yeah I
freaking love you Tang Clan thank you so
much for watching this video and don't
for you leave like Terrence to enjoyed
subscribe he knew and I'll see you guys
you just maybe
