good morning oh my god she's so freaking
cute with this now we'll know where she
is at all times so this is going in the
photo shoot yeah what is going on guys
today we're back and today hope you guys
are all having a great day we are
starting off the day with debugger comm
photo shoot
pick up
so the photo shoot is over that was
actually a lot of fun and it's also
already almost six o'clock where has the
day gone that's like a long time guys
hey you guys could jump on my trampoline
if you want to yeah right now so they
came to my house yesterday it turns out
their grandma lives right there and I
met them they're really cool
so come jump on my trampoline oh my god
the trampoline looks giant especially
with you wait wait is that candy that's
yours right
wait is that yours someone brought me
some candy Luna is not tired after that
photo shoot Rosa's inside sleeping but
sleep is for the weak you better not
take her shoe you better hide your Jesus
sandal before my dog picks it oh I was
gonna maybe teach you guys flips but you
guys can all do flips wait you can't
flip you want to learn a flip okay back
flips the one you gotta learn anyway you
can flip guys she's a gymnast go show us
something show us something she's been
over before over the starburst
yeah back full backflip freakin full I
don't want to hear any comments about my
form compared to hers thank you very
much my mom's gonna record this and
match with me that was almost a triple
are you doing triple next and the black
lady I'm seeing a frickin star oh my god
they're everywhere look I see a lot of
comments and like when you get it to
Tristan back foot do you think you're
physically capable maybe that's why I
maybe will do it someday if I don't have
an idea all right all the candy come
from I don't know I was out here I came
out here dogs are so gonna eat that so
we're teaching her she's tried it before
and she's landing on her head hey if I
can do it anyone can my chiropractor was
not happy with me with that so she try
back yeah we're gonna push you see
you're not out to do magic but like look
for the ground after I throw you what
before I put your hands down if you need
to
don't eat the trampoline it's not good
okay ready yeah
okay go one two and the
okay show her one so she can see okay
one two three
we gotta go one two three Who am I
dealing with you two three
there you go and then I'll just claim
that I taught you what I got but when
they obviously have the physical
capabilities one two three okay okay now
yeah I need have a few more fails so it
looks harder now act like you can't do
it so I'm a good teacher and that video
is longer I'll help you one more time
you can probably just do it on your own
paint on it one two three two three
oh you got to throw hours or three hours
work are you purposely failing like I
said or one two and then draw with all
you got do three there you go I'll help
you one more time and if you land it
again then you can send it on your own -
hey there you go I barely helped you -
you three fairly healthy you guys you
got it thumb now whoo-hoo now I'm gonna
face off with the dimness in the
freaking tricking contest yeah I can't
I'll copy whatever you do you do
whatever you want to pick all that up
and put it in and if you do back
handspring she'll be be
two three cheating five lemons what do
you realize her head was like that yeah
and that's my final maneuver oh I used
to be able to backflip off my knees
let's try it now
whoa oh yeah that's actually magic I'm
done Wow guys it is what time is it mama
like 10 o'clock 9:30 10:00 color mom I
never call you mama yeah you do that
giant thing on my foot guys let it focus
yeah you see that giant thing of my foot
I just got stung by a pretty sure it was
a yellow jacket it was a big wasp like
an inch and a half
Oh hmm what is that what does that
baking soda oh that's good
yeah I was outside without feet to help
feet I was outside without shoes and the
other day I was walking and I stepped on
glass barefoot but thankfully it was a
big chunk and it wasn't the sharp part
so that was fine but that wasp happened
to be pretty sharp so the blood is
flowing to it the venom is going
throughout my body but we are still
gonna be doing the weekly semi-weekly
Q&A is there any door ones in there
please Power Ranger there we go oh oh
okay tickle all right thank you very
much I'm gonna waddle my way downstairs
and ignore my brother playing fortnight
in the background I'm just very thankful
that it is on my left foot and on my
right foot because then I can still
drive and stuff I'd still drive but you
know what I'm saying but remember guys
if you want to be a part of the weekly
Q&A just go follow me on twitter at
burger Tanner have you ever had any
paranormal experiences well our family
used to live by a cemetery remember that
I heard stuff all night slept in my
mom's room half the time we lived there
ghosts bro
what do you want for Christmas I want
all the family guys on DVD all 16
seasons grandma I hope you're watching
this
we know you
victim from your house well I paid for
it so I can't
are you completely done with trampoline
versus if you guys don't know the series
trampling versus it's where we set
random stuff on the trampoline and we
bounce it around and break stuff it was
pretty fun when we used to do it I'd
probably still do it but the only way I
would still do it is if I knew you guys
really wanted me to I get comments all
the time that'll like trampoline vs.
glitter even though that would get my
eyes and suck and like every thought
what is your favorite John belly and
song all we do is fake feelings of his
schedule that's a good one Logan or Jake
Paul I know I never really have opinions
on people or things ever because people
attack you for whichever one so I try to
stay away from anything like that but
honestly I've watched both of them for
years I used to love Logan's vine I made
a vine saying tag Logan Paul and I all
like copied one of his back when I was
in like eighth grade obviously I've been
a vlogger longer than both of them but
although they've done some stuff that's
frowned upon or whatever everybody is up
OK I honestly think that videos are
pretty entertaining sure they might yell
a little bit more than I like like I
know ice cream in my videos but I also
like the one-on-one connection but I do
like the videos I've talked to both of
them they're really nice favorite place
in the world
I'm in it right now why do you go a
hundred and forty eight miles per hour
too fast dude hi rose Paul Rose is down
here she's about to leak my little sting
all that hurt don't do it oh she's doing
I don't know I love cars I love speeding
it's an adrenaline rush I do stupid
stuff and that's my excuse do you think
you will get another girlfriend soon one
can dream was there any other colors
besides the rose gold you wanted to rap
the RA or was it always rose gold
there's actually two colors before the
rose gold one of them was like a sunset
chrome red there's a picture of it on a
Bugatti if I can find it and the other
one was chrome mint
like a mint green here's that on a
Lamborghini Aventador they were both
really cool but the rose gold was like
one of a kind thing pretty sure mine's
still the only one in America if you
could repeat one day would you what
would you do was it a good day or a bad
day I'd go back to the day I reached a
million subscribers and get a better
reaction
well favorite video from Jay Paul's
channel man I really like the one when
his dad made out with the same girl he
was making out with that was scrumptious
god I hate that kid how tall are you I
actually think I've been growing is
there more stretch marks on my back I
don't know if you can see I might be
five nine now what is your favorite
thing about LA I'm going back there
November 7th by the way it's definitely
the other youtubers that I can relate to
a lot because there's a grand total of
zero of them here I let's choose one
more did you watch stranger things yet
no I'm on the YouTube grind vlog life
and that's how it is but yeah thank you
so much everyone that participated in
the weekly Q&A my foot throb all night
but yeah we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed and thank you so much for
watching don't really leave letting
Trent if you enjoyed subscribe he knew
and I'll see you guys next one I
love you Tang Clan
you just may bitch
