who's ready from fat stack of hundreds
before we get into this video guys we
have some new merch and okay I only have
two designs here but there's a lot more
than two but even these two like they're
so sick like it ain't my bears the other
designs my mom just sent them to me
oh my god these are literally perfect we
have the dripping clip be sure we have
the dripping red rose like I can't even
explain it are just so sick and you guys
still have one more data into the
contest if you spend fifty dollars or
more on the website you'll get into to
win a tank lane hoodie signed by me
there's gonna be five of them signed you
guys already know this contest ends
tomorrow Thursday just check it how is
the coolest comfiest brightest it's just
the best hoodie in the world like even
with my crappy lighting in my room it's
still bright blue it's still so sick so
don't forget it steer Ungar calm and
yeah guys let's get in to the video I
don't know if you guys knew this or not
but I make a lot of thumbnails I like to
have choices I mean I like this one the
most I'm going with that one but I go
hard in the vlog life where does it go
my guys today we were back and today I
hope you guys are all having a great day
I'm using an old microphone hoping that
it sounds alright because you guys
already know I've been having issues
hopefully this sounds alright and
there's no crackling but yeah I stole
Dillon's costume from your stays video
it somehow fits me and fits him I'm
growing but it is Halloween today it is
the day after for you guys and the first
stop of the day is my grandparents house
cuz they always give us candy and stuff
cuz they love us Rose doesn't even need
a costume because she is just so fluffy
and cute damn guys my mom did not hold
back at all on the Halloween candy we
have a little trick of our sleeve for
later tonight even though I don't know
why I'm being secretive about it's the
thumbnail Tyler you guys already know
that reminds me I gotta pick up a
fishing pole person do you want to drive
together okay well my front I'll open it
I love my front for you come on if only
there was some way to get to my
grandma's fast
we're fireplace better be going guys it
is cold outside
hi hey Gracie you can chew on these
shoes don't care yeah yeah yeah get it
this is why I love Halloween oh boy more
like any holiday because he makes he's
on any holiday this suit confuses my
body because my body's kind of warm
still a little cold my hands are
freezing and my feet are sweating
happy Halloween by the way oh man and I
forgot to show you guys this picture
that my mom said to me this morning
check this guy out
this is why I love the tam clan this kid
was me for Halloween he got my tattoo he
got my logo it was like you and your
shout out to you man hey this is my bag
of candy bread now you're vlogging Oh
Thurston you got $5.00 now you can pay
for your gas on the way Wow
he whines and complains about it
everyone has to do that I have the same
problem goodbye crazy go bye grandma
goodbye grandpa let me - goodbye Taylor
no way you're coming with me come on
Taylor it got too hot in my suit so no
I'm in my birthday soon you know it's
getting cold when your RN shows you a
snowflake I was told not to drive this
car hold on let me turn down whatever
this is not one direction but the other
one
I was told by the Audi dealership and my
mom that these tires will freeze in the
winter so I have to get winter tires of
some sort these are summer tires and so
I'm thinking I might as well just burn
these up because they got to go anyway
are your goldfish okay I'm so sorry it's
just mom and where's my other shoe rose
I knew you had it yes we finally have
something cool up we've waited until
Halloween but it's up this thing's huge
and check out what my dad rigged up for
us guys we have this with a stick and
clamps on the end this is actually the
fishing pole I got my dad for Father's
Day thank you Dad let's test it out on
my dog what are we gonna strap to it if
my dad taught me anything it you got to
release his slack yeah play with it a
little bit you know make sure the fish
thinks it's real real life now watch
this I'm gonna go to the indoor balcony
and guess what the thumbnail is probably
going to be giving out money you know
you know why all the time I think these
stupid videos I recommended giving this
person $10,000 giving this guy $10,000
I think I'd have like seven $100 bills
with me fake ones that is I have one
there's some real phantom get $100 you
hope that are not Justin yeah
we have people driving by then that
looks like a work man and I'm about to
climb to the balcony we have a ladder I
might walk across it I might just stand
on the edge and jump yeah that's not
safe at all
that's not getting on that well that was
easy I didn't even need a ladder are you
good look I can get back pretty easily
okay just stop with the Hat you and I
can get right back in chorus I don't
know how you don't know that I'm just
never gonna stop being nervous so we'll
set this camera right here and I'll have
a gopro headstrap and i think that's
really all we need now we wait to see
how many fans have my address all right
guys this is the one and you straight
out of my wallet games
feelings
yeah now the waiting game I'm gonna get
some practice throws in Oh Oh and test
my reeling skills bang guys my neighbors
are gonna come over cuz I have no friend
hope crap I forgot we have a gate I
should probably leave that gate open or
else no one's gonna come there you go
there you go
I'm kidding take it all is it easy to
unclip ok sweet alright thanks guys
oh oh is that somebody oh they're not
stopping it's the first time I want
people to come to my house and they're
not coming what is life I should have
brought my phone up here I have a
feeling I want to be up here a while
I'll just keep practicing my cast and
what's up bro how you doing you want
this wait wait let me see if I can make
it in your bucket uh uh yeah hi you guys
want some candy from a fishing pole oh
did it come off yeah you ought to throw
it up thanks bro we got two big bags of
Skittles next year we'll get string that
holds a shark and we'll lift people up
my feet are freezing thanks bro is that
the merch I see oh yeah okay this will
be the thumbnail who's ready for a fat
stack of hundreds
one of my clips is good this Japanese
writing on it because it's American guys
I don't know if you can see my
reflection but I gotta wait until
there's less people to give away the
real $100 bill because there's gonna get
the tan plan has no chill they're taking
my this is the only way it's gonna get
done I'm just gonna come outside say
what's up with one second so there's one
fake one which I'm not going to use I've
the real one right here guys
that's it good go go my camera is on 1%
so I got to go you and the hot dog I
like in costume okay guys that was
freaking epic I had so much fun I'm glad
I scheduled one day where I can meet
like a bunch of fans because I don't do
that many meet-and-greet so I feel bad
but then all the people there still
respect my privacy like none of them
tried to get into my house they were all
respectful nobody was hurt although it
might have looked like it I made sure
but I just realized all have eaten today
is candy and I'm drinking water and I'm
so hungry I feel weak plus I've been
climbing on and off of that balcony for
like two hours but I can't leave because
there's so many people looks like I'm I
have to go fix myself something let me
just grab my spoon finally some real
food but yeah guys we were gonna go
ahead and in this video here and I hope
you guys enjoyed it and thank you guys
so much watching again happy Halloween
or late Halloween what on my way my bad
yeah thanks don't you leave like and
share the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
next one I freaking love you Tang Clan
ah double inhale you guys are late high
standing Tanner okay this is loving
burger
she runs a fanpage on Instagram I follow
her cuz she's awesome
and so the vlogs are not quite over yet
so say hi guys ready okay
I'm gonna go eat the rest of my cereal
you just maybe
