whoa rare unicorn spotted with with
golden wings how's it fit Oh guys you
filled that thing out nicely
oh wait - spider-man have we not what is
going on guys today we were back in
today hope you guys all have an a great
day I'm starting this vlog in the little
camera don't worry we're gonna move over
to the good one I just had to go to Best
Buy and buy another third or fourth
gigantic camera hey watch your web
because the audio keeps messing up and
that is not gonna fly
wait the tan clan I forgot to have socks
on but yeah their costumes fit I bought
one for a four to six year old
suppressor fits this well I'm a small
guy except for my own but I hope you
guys are all having a great day today a
new camera is almost here my mom stopped
buying picked it up thank you mom I love
you can you get a 360 my costume
title this is the day we are going to be
going to random people's houses a day
before Halloween Halloween for you guys
but for us it is October 30th we're
gonna go in our costumes we're gonna do
some things and get some candy before
Halloween we're gonna be breaking the
system we're gonna take my truck let's
rock and roll cameras gonna be the audio
by the way I couldn't find my external
mic so we're just gonna set this camera
on the porch of whatever house we go to
hope it sounds alright
you can see my belly button yeah I think
they're airing up my unicycle no no you
cannot come with us this is a
three-person operation let's see what
you got milling the shoes probably don't
help alright you got it
just act like you're on a bike that's
the key now this is quality content you
guys need some lotion uh ah it's these
childhood moments you just have to
cherish they slap his butt so I can
insert that clip alright my turn mom on
phone hurry okay like seven you mean a
record original yeah thank you
we gotta beat the sunset we gotta hurry
I need to I have a better in my car in
my truck come on on a youtuber bro good
night thank you you set that in my room
best momager ever autobots roll out
remember guys my truck has really clear
windows so we're gonna have to be very
discreet that we are recording people oh
they look like team players but we're
getting out of my neighborhood first
because it'll be awkward let's go rumble
in the jungle
these people have a frickin trampoline
bro let's go say what's up of course I
have to go first oh wait what are my
lines again I haven't done this in a
year can I do a flip for a piece of
candy okay guys mean to your acutely
conceived ins when I said we need a
normal lens on wide-angle I think he's
going to get his mom I think he's
getting candy but his arm up like a
little kid just staring at him that's
for me thank you bro we'll see you later
Louise man we have one crunch bar
everybody there's three little kids came
to the door they were super cute and
they let me use the trampoline all right
I don't know yeah I know that's why it's
gonna be funny just say can I have some
candy if I can do a handstand go go go
go go here he goes up to the house we
need a camera that can zoom more or we
need to get closer to the houses guys
what the hell I can't wait to listen
back to this
awkward eh I was wondering if I can go
to a handstand for three seconds have a
piece of candy
probably you looked at us I think I
think they're gonna allow it
yeah sure sweet the walk of shame oh oh
he's doing it I told him he could use
the wallet help him get some candy but
that was awesome good job Dylan thank
you Joe for it Quentin I'm gonna have to
get out of the chart to get a good angle
yeah Halloween where you can stress pass
and get away with it don't know if
they're home or not she didn't want to
give you anything
oh let's rock and roll hey I was
wondering if I could do a back look if I
can get a piece of candy early I know
it's not Halloween but no oh yes I'll
have any no okay I just felt like going
with the other kids so you reach there
another says we drive away that was
awkward
he's like no no candy we have the
getaway vehicle ready guys Dylan's
runnin up there there's a note on the
door I wonder what it says
do you have wiggle hand syndrome asking
for some candy but I was gonna do
something for candy if I get InTouch all
the way the bottom of my feet nice and
handy really yeah I've got every long
leg so it's hard I really think he's
asking for her number they're going to
house is the day before yeah I know some
people will invite
or so no in your tamp we're here Tim
he's explaining why he wants it so what
are you doing down here
Oh my friend lives over here I think he
wants the cigarette she has it's for
audio because I don't like for it that's
why I don't point it anyone I just keep
it there for audio God why is he
explaining he's moving his arms
recording yourself asking forgive me and
touching your toes yeah okay hey Kanan
do you want to give this unicorns oh
yeah I think he's gonna get it ha ha
Rosie warned you in his word as she's a
bit thank you yeah baby did you get any
I got two Oh so many questions she was a
ballbuster she was not happy about it
all she did a first cycle their son was
right there yeah I didn't get to touch
my toes cuz it would have any more
awkwardness I'm gonna go up to him and
my one word is candy now there's been
word that's my one word it's candy guys
this house looks so scary it's like a
castle we're definitely going to this
one I'll just I'll just go there and you
say candy and I always sit there quietly
here we go alright guys I'm starting my
spy mission I can actually hold the
camera steady okay see a light on inside
there probably help spider-man and his
sidekick going in man I hope these
people are home
Oh someone's home did you secure the
package not the candy yeah were they
fans I think they were pants whenever
they open the doors this little girl is
like 12 she was like the kid goes these
people have a cool treehouse or a fort
all right it's your turn my turn yeah
that kind of stranger stammers oh I
think we're out of luck for this one all
right round number two I promise dress I
got from Victoria's Secret you wouldn't
look cute it I have it I have it
wait everybody Oh buddy I'm onna get
some candy in that snow booth hello I
was wondering if I do it back if I could
at this point Dylan had another harvest
azzam and will no longer be holding a
camera for more than 13 seconds because
he's obviously not capable of that tack
give the boy some candy please yeah is
me am i - well their boyfriends but boy
oh my god that back foot hurt like
good-bye Quentin don't miss dinner
anyone I'm going in this Dylan and I
will hit a few more houses this is a
clear shot to the front door let's go
wish me luck
oh crap my shoes untied guys
No hey I know it's a day early for
Halloween but my mom doesn't like me
trick-or-treating I was wondering if I
did backflips I did a teeny awkward it
is success this person's house is
absolutely massive Dylan's coming in
with me I'll go to the door this is a
sick door though I was a good one I
don't know if it was a part of the
agreement but I think I get a share in
the candy his dogs really cute he's a
fan we're in this doorbell has a camera
on it actually in my neighborhood one of
the guys was like f you and then that
one is the second biggest house and the
neighborhood guessers is the first this
is the final house guys getting dark
very cold we're going to the person's
house with this this is actually cool
why am I not this much in the spirit
this property is protected under
surveillance
it's me I'm the surveillance oh hey I
was wondering if if I did something for
you I got a piece of candy I know it
just came up before with kids do take
all the candy alrighty thanks on
Halloween you have it's a big ass spider
in your front yard before we go inside
guys we're gonna take a look at our
candy collection Wow me quitte Nate now
when I eat those two and not as
impressive as last year I'll take the
Reese's you see last year like two
people knew who I was so most people
just treated me like a really special
kid and gave me candy I feel like the
adults that know me this year they see
two of my videos one where I'm drifting
my truck in one where I throw a water
bottle off the balcony of a hotel and
then I'm a criminal but yeah we are
gonna go ahead and in this video here
and I hope you guys enjoyed it too guys
so much for watching I freakin love you
Tang Clan happy Halloween I hope you
like my outfit Dylan throw it at him
yeah
you just maybe
