what is going on guys today we're oh my
god what happened you have my brother
just did my makeup for his house we make
a video if you guys are gonna go check
that out I will leave the links in
description and if I forget it is Justin
Berger on YouTube I don't think I ever
explained why chose clickbait on my
channel cuz they might not know yeah
they might know I'll just put it in the
top comment and explain it the tan
playing though I got a hair right now I
just did the whole video for him it was
probably an hour process that we did it
was so I'm about to take a shower wash
it all off my mom has been out here
cleaning all morning I don't know why
like you don't want to do this for us go
lay down go take some medicine yeah what
is gonna guys today we're back in today
hope you guys are all having a great day
are you are you a part of the tan clan
cuz if you're not you need to subscribe
we have the best fan base on YouTube my
mom's in there the trans Gators that
everyone's in here man you see my rooms
on this I never run man I never let my
room get this dirty but every time I get
back from the trip I throw everything
look at this makeup like I can literally
touch it and move it around it's not my
actual skin in that weird yeah you wanna
peel it off my face huh can you get it
I'm trying I feel like some of my hairs
are in there oh they are oh wow this is
thick oh my okay guys it's coming off
slow oh wow he did it with latex like
liquid latex yeah please don't let my
eyebrow come off slow and steady wins
the race
here's heaps my eyebrows on we'll put
that piece of skin that says bait on it
in the closet of memories we can put all
the pauses member on the souvenir shelf
okay is it off like a shower yet it's a
little bit in my hair
oh man that is so gross fun yeah I hope
you guys all have an a great day today
hope you guys are all smiling we are
reppin the t-bone GART Rose tank top
today because it's white and I'm gonna
be pulling a prank on my mother here's
some fake blood my brother has a lot
more in his room it's Halloween like I
got to do some kind of prank you guys
know I scared my mom all the time and
this baby mask right down here I've made
her think I got my head stuck in a
trampoline I've done some things in my
mom but jump scares are over like really
quick and even in the trampoline one I
just kind of laid there and waited for
her to find me this time I'm gonna make
a big thud cuz it's gonna be me falling
off the balcony and then I'm probably
gonna start screaming or something and
she's definitely gonna go ballistic but
before we get into the prank I'm gonna
go do something nice for my mom I'm
gonna go get her something nice that I
can give to her after it's over because
I know she will be very pissed I tell
you though you want to come with me
shopping let's go what are you doing
today what's your plans makeup on you
cooking chicken noodles and not putting
makeup on Sunday me and Taylor are gonna
go on a ride in the r8 ha ha I won't hit
a deer either oh yeah if you guys missed
yesterday's video it was just absolute
madness we went to this haunted house
and we attempted to stay the night and
then there were gunshots and then there
was police and I hit a deer in my truck
it's all on camera so go check it out
here's the thumbnail if you're watching
this in the future before we leave to go
buy whatever it is we're gonna get check
out the magic potion I have for my car
get clothes on the Ducks give it a
couple squirt
don't let Luna lick it and then it's as
shiny as ever
this oughta scare a couple people
I'm coming Wow
right at the turn they're both still
going so we're at the mall this is the
only place I know where to go because I
don't really know where to get her I'm
thinking something that will relieve her
stress cuz I bring her some and I'm
gonna leave my GoPro going in here and
we'll see what people's reactions are
maybe they'll walk by maybe they'll mess
with it if they do I'll hunt them down
but let's go see what we can find
Brookstone the promised land right here
so there's intensity a vibration oh I
feel or you can get up give it a shot
Taylor so our mom loves foot massages
she used to pay me like five dollars if
I do it for 20 minutes that's how I used
to make money back in the day so these
are pretty cool but I already know my
mom she'd use this twice and then she'd
never sit in it again but if I get her
one of the really nice ones that a
person has to be doing it for you she'll
want us to use it like hey tanner yeah
please one of the kids at the Meetup had
this one so that's the one I mean why
was interesting all right let's go cover
myself in blood and fall off the balcony
and since my mom is still a little bit
sick we're gonna stop by Starbucks and
get her there's cold Buster drink that
she was talking about just as a little
extra okay guys we have a GoPro in the
kitchen it snuck up here to Tristan's
room I'm gonna use this fake blood douse
myself in the face right now probably
throw some on that white bean bag down
there she she vacuumed the floor in the
foam pit room even though we're getting
a new carpet so I don't know if I want
to get this on it let's just use this
and just go like that I don't want to be
too careful with it wait how would I hit
my face in all different parts of my
face I need to just do it to like my jaw
just like that and like that okay guys
so it is the next morning here's a clip
of my first attempt at this prank
yeah it's a bunch of silent so my mom
didn't fall for it there was too much
blood she had seen the makeup that my
brother was doing on me no she wasn't
gonna fall for it but now I told her we
have to reenact it because my microphone
wasn't working but I'm gonna tell her
that I actually landed on my head on the
floor and like I'm really hurt let's see
the reaction are you ready mom I feel
like I should have an object close to it
so that it's like I hit my face on it
I need more believable you hit your face
on the fader like you jumped far so I'll
try to hit the fan yeah but don't take
it out okay I'll probably do it do it
how did you get hurt for real
how you do it Lou now watch out tell me
when you're in the kitchen in here ready
okay I'm gonna count to like 30 in my
head three two one we actually got her
though haha
still I was like okay we're reenacted
but no I just I stood on the ground I
don't reenact stuff on my channel I just
told my mom we were gonna do it she
like why would you reenact it I don't
think my stuff so I'm breaking it for
real either way so you lied about the
footage being bad so that you can
actually prank me yeah you suck but the
footage was actually my greenbags we're
gonna continue with the rest of log well
it's off my face but I still have to
take the thumbnail like a fake one damn
it I got to put it back on anyway we
went to Brookstone look on the other
side look at the picture we were looking
at big massage chairs thank God I didn't
buy it what a reaction but we knew you
wouldn't see very much and then you'll
just want us to use it so I'll give you
a massage for the video let's test it
out real quick see if you like it I do
because I've never had a gift after
being pranked for real this can go for
the baby masks and my head being stuck
in the trampoline yeah if I ever scare
you really bad again then you'll get
them full massage when did you put the
GoPro in the kitchen I put it in there
whenever you turn your background I'm
just a ninja yeah it's still going isn't
it yeah whoa it may great have you ever
had it done yeah at the meetup that's
what all the guys did to each other all
night long
there is no homo with this thing it is
just great yeah that's I'm gonna go stop
the GoPro look I know you girls want to
come inside but there is a bloody mess
and I know you'll lick it right up so
just give us a little bit okay we're
cleaning it up and to top off the night
but yeah guys I'm going to go take my
third shower of the day get the rest of
this blood off me there's already a lot
on my towels in my bathroom makeups not
my thing
oh this video wasn't too hard to follow
along with I hope it wasn't too
confusing but at the end of the day we
still got her if you guys thought that I
was just gonna leave in her being like
I'm not falling for it no Tang Clan does
that do that we go hard but yeah thank
you guys so much watch this video and go
flying trends for you enjoyed subscribe
for new and I'll see you guys next
