waters gonna line guys today we're back
and hope you guys are all having a great
day we're starting off in a trampoline
park rare sight I know first time not
starting the vlog in the RV which is my
favorite thing to do but we came to the
gym early in the morning workout in down
there and do some flips warm up for the
day and then I think we're going up to
the mountain I don't like saying what
we're gonna do because it usually
changes yeah
Hey
double-quick dang
because here
you're so lucky about two inches away
you're in for a treat mate I'm not hit
by car recently so I'm actually gonna
trick this time
I don't want to talk too much in here
because copyright music not good for the
channel that Bailey got on Ellen my mom
sent me some pictures sent her right
here
oh my god yeah they went on I did a
bunch of court Ellen literally just
invited you like hey want to come flip
on the show yeah she just sent me an
email and I got a phone call and then
there she was two days later this is
what he did on Ellen oh my god oh but
that was better than what he did on it
I'm in my underwear so I'm gonna keep it
soon dude new best part about the RV is
we brought the Xbox 360 from home we got
black ops 1 black ops 2 and Guitar Hero
and you guys know that there's a TV out
here well we tried everything to make it
work it would have been awesome but it
just will not turn on it's not even red
when it's awesome everything behind the
TV works hey check this out actually
let's go back there oh my bad
see the green light really looks good am
i n works everything else doesn't worry
about
so we're basically playing it on a
laptop screen from 10 feet away
oh not complaining it's still TV kind of
you guys it's me versus love-in we could
your snipers black ops Wando so we're
just gonna go normal guns
Tan clan can't shoot a gun we'll have to
check in later I would make a highlights
like a montage but I don't know how many
of you guys are gamers we'll cut the
crap
a few moments later I just we need a
rematch now it is Tristan vs. Bailey
then the winner of that's gonna verse
Dillon and whoever wins that is gonna
verse me we're gonna see who's the best
Call of Duty player here probably
Tristan and now 29 to 23 I fully zoom in
camera so now you can see how hard it is
for us to see Tristan versus beigel's
who will win Oh
bagels wins now I guess it's Dillon
versus Logan and now Dillon at 12 Logan
at 29 the game is over with a tomahawk
all right now Mia vs. bagels at 12
seconds later I'm on top I got the
Pythons I'm almost on boards actually
table window misty ugh
we'll actually go do something
interesting in a little bit I think
Dylan's being responsible and doing this
homework oh no waiting a test actually
Wow do you go mm-hmm well guys I was
gonna film a Q&A and upload this
tomorrow but it looks like I might be
doing that every other day bro thing for
a little bit longer
we might just continue the vlog in the
morning because people are sleeping good
morning and we just played some more
black ops and bright and early we're
getting a move on today and we're going
to Malibu to take some Instagram
pictures it's our last full day here so
we're not gonna sit in my black ops
again all day today because after we
went to the gym yesterday that's all we
did before we go there I've been wearing
these new crops and they're not so new
anymore than pretty gross and we need to
stop by a shoe store I just tristin
makes twice a mess she's like equivalent
to two people he is equivalent to five I
live with it you have a sister I have a
sister as it is what it is and sharks
hands are messed up so I'm operating the
spaceship aka the car oh yeah so you can
rest up heal I know we'll wait don't
show your butt but it is definitely
scarred no no
guys right up there this is PCA this is
where Zoey 101 was filmed like this is
the campus Pepperdine University that's
that's the real name this is where they
did the frisbee golf if I ever go to
college this is where I'm going and I
probably won't talk about my sunflower
seeds let's go oh my gosh what this is
insane
and shark brings a suit and a whole
suitcase so nice hey yo it's the
greatest day ever
arthritis in your knee
you fall in
Oh that is awesome Denise took a little
beating but we made it up here thank you
jack for the hookup with the clothes
everybody knows I own two pairs of shoes
in like one pair of shorts but I not
barracks at owner olive buckle one more
so we're headed out from the beats now
and we're gonna go try to find PCI again
I think we know where it is it's
supposed to be a fancy private school so
we probably won't be able to like walk
around and see the dorms and whatnot but
we could probably peek in from the back
I don't even care I get a kiss daily
sweet this road is called Pacific Coast
Highway so I mean PCA I should probably
be non-pants
there's a security guard up there though
we're gonna have to get past them short
thinks that he can we're in I guess yeah
we just look like we belong here
well guys we looked around we cannot
find anything it looks like the show and
we just upgraded to a new TV for the
Xbox because we were playing on a laptop
screen Bailey got this whenever he was
on The Ellen Show and Jack is sent to
the point where he can barely talk hey
everyone right now first we go to Zoey's
home and then we get a giant free TV
let's get an iPad comparison the iPad
reso wait for it yeah I can see my
screen now this is so awesome this is
how I will spend the rest of my night
guys I don't even know if there's a
point of continuing this vlog so I'll
just see you guys in the next video back
in Kansas and think yes I'm watching
this video aw like children if you
enjoyed subscribe you know see ya
you just maybe
