I'm actually been freezing groan look at
my little angel sleep until 3:00 in the
afternoon
I just got done editing and uploading my
vlogging they are still asleep since
they had to sleep outside last night
they came inside and they just
completely crashed got the fireplace on
my fake fireplace heater fan everything
she's just soaking it all up she's in
sleep in heaven right now an hour and a
half later there was sleeping sorry I'm
anyway you can keep playing in my room
can you can you can you tone that down
what is going on guys today we were back
in today hope you guys are all having a
great day
I hope the Tang Clan is smiling you
better be because you're on my body
Justin when will you get a tan clean
tattoo on your body never you're gay
roses in the tan plan I do not know how
she is still sleeping right now I am
still baffled by that so I finished up
yesterday's vlog this morning and we
displayed some xbox got a shower and we
are ready for another day it's almost
every day Sam you know what game I
haven't played in a while Guitar Hero
I'm gonna load it up real quick let's
see what we can do you have any
preference on the song Tristan not
really
I'm blaming it all on over being in
front of the TV okay no excuses anymore
she left Oh guys I am torn I don't know
what to wear this is the most
comfortable amazing tan clan hoodie but
I've worn it like the last three vlog
I've only worn this once I got in
California it looks kind of like a biker
jacket it's pretty comfy you know no
match for the tan Klan hoodie I don't
know I'd love to wear the $300 matching
shoes but thanks Luna and thanks Tristan
sorry it's your fault you can own up to
it I'm aware it's okay I'll just Rock
the dibs clothing with the jacket and
these shoes I've been attempting to
match more this is not helping my case
but I've been trying okay my fashion
sense is getting a little bit better its
clothing calm you guys want any of the
sick clothing I don't want third of the
company I helped design some of the
shirts and they're just plain sick so my
current plan for today is to go to
Dillon Mitchell's house I'm gonna walk
in and I'm gonna say we're filming today
no more bull crap you're coming over
you're not that busy we're gonna go to a
haunted house hopefully that's the
thumbnail title and if he doesn't want
to go well my mom does get back from New
York tonight if he doesn't want to go
then my family's coming but someone's
coming with me cuz I'm scared I am NOT
going alone
yesterday on the way to my grandma's
house in this truck I was going 15 over
in town not paying attention to my speed
which I rarely do I usually have
horrible anxiety and I'm always looking
at it and you know everywhere in town
I passed a cop and he did nothing he
just kept driving if I was going five
over in my RA I would have been pulled
over for like 15 minutes and would have
sat there it just goes to show that I
can break the rules in this normal truck
but if I'm in that shiny alright I'm
screwed I don't think there's any way
around it I see Dylan's car looks like
he's home let's go I'll just run around
to the basement and walk in his house
hide the drugs hide the drugs I was
pausing my friend's episode no more BS
we're hanging out today and you know
what we're gonna do we're gonna go to a
scary haunted house we are we're staying
the night where it's somewhere it's
pretty far out so we can't go home have
you not finished all of them or have you
used to realize all I'm watching yeah
I'm more than a family guy like every
day and night now but I used to watch
friends every day okay we're heading out
now we're going to the haunted house not
the haunted grain elevator because we've
been inside that too much it's not as
scary as it used to be this one I've
only been to one time it was during the
day I've never been to it at night I did
not bring blankets yeah blankets we need
blankets we need blind kids I'm getting
into the festivities okay guys we made
it we're at the house there's Dylan Sun
is setting I guess we'll get out walk
it's almost completely dark I wanted to
start it when it was dark but overnight
challenge begins now I think I've only
left one maybe two probably one times
doing one of these challenges okay I
have the tan client with me I'm Dylan
Mitchell with me we're good my phone is
up 14% so I probably will have to leave
it in this truck for a little bit let it
charge throughout the night wait no quit
and left us in here from camping
remember this pull up on board there you
go in that bright you don't really know
the point of bringing that GoPro it's
not gonna have the low light that this
camera does first thing we're seeing
right now is this old truck right here
I wonder well there's an upside down
share in it that's what I see oh my god
weird that is weird Chevy 60 nice looks
like it's from the 60s 1860s this looks
like a shed this is not the house it is
already cold guys we have our blankets
on the truck we will take our you don't
even have a jacket I know I didn't think
about it oh my god but we will
definitely get our blankets out of the
truck as the night carries on I don't
think we can even get into the shed yeah
I don't think we're gonna be able to get
in there the house is right there
through these trees we gotta find a way
in
remember there was a gate that's not
even gated off you can just walk right
through so not trespassing oh god dude
look at it oh no way
windows are shattered all of them here
so right think about this even if we
don't hear any ghost stuff and you're
like that I'm hoping we will there's
definitely a chance we could get hurt
there's definitely broken glass I
guarantee the floor is caved in I
guarantee all of its falling in my hands
are already numb I've gloves in my truck
but is this the way in is this the way
in oh my yeah we're gonna have to a
freaking board on the window I wonder if
there's any animals because there was
animals in the grain elevators and nails
are poking through the ceiling hopefully
you can see that what the hell we are
already that's a back of a baby doll oh
no we haven't even gone inside the house
and look what we already found and you
can literally see up into the sky
through the roof that means every
rainstorm and everything just continues
to destroy this house I'm gonna know
what those are this little ball they're
probably mine right now cuz it's been
called when it just goes out into this
forest but we're not gonna go back in
there do we go through right here I mean
I'm ready to get outta here no you hold
the camera hold the light I don't feel
safe driving anywhere dude just look
around make sure you look around a lot
before you fall in I don't even think
it's safe to step anywhere okay my foot
is on this he's gonna pull through okay
this one is stable dude I literally feel
like this before it's going to break any
second if I jumped right now I'd go
straight through you ready to come in
we're all gonna have to stand on
different sides yeah no kidding
absolutely oh yeah this is a strong
point I can feel it right here this is a
little bit stronger
that's okay hey oh my god that scared
the dick out of me okay look at the
wallpaper you're gonna see the decay in
the whole house well I guess so it's not
exploring I doubt we can get to the
second floor hey there's no light bulb
light bulbs are invented back then I
hate having to test everything I step on
okay Wow
we are in the next room that's a washer
and dryer way down there I think check
that out you see straight to the roof
not a big house don't pee now because
then if something does live here at the
they're gonna get pissed no pun intended
I gotta piss about I can't move I can't
go god damn it don't taking a piss if
you were an early part of the Tang Clan
before you were even called the Tang
Clan you might know what that means I'm
down to try to walk on this okay I'm
just trusting this for right now dude
these are some old clothes look knitted
clothing that's clickbait though I like
you guys these two boards right here the
only thing holding up this wall from
collapsing right now huge spiders up in
here in fireplace used to be right there
because there's the chimney leads to the
top another door right there I've never
got such a bad by being in a place dude
that chimney is about to break hold on
guys let me get closer oh my god my foot
almost went through every steps chimney
could literally fall apart at any second
this whole house could fall one brick
the next windstorm I guarantee this
place is right here this room I don't
even know what that is dude that looks
so old
that's old um like an owner yeah that
looks so scary holy crap that's a
basketball right there yeah there's a
basketball look how tiny that's a little
closet under the stairs look at tiny
that quality is so small wanna go look
in that room if it doesn't break very
very carefully oh my gosh so okay I'm
out of here that's not a washer and
dryer that's an oven out here guys
okay this is about the breaks this is
where it leads to the backyard I guess
just used to be maybe a patio this is
all collapsed let's go in here see what
this next room entails oh gosh this
place is scary I think I'm good I'm so
scared no way I just broke dude these
are old like phone books or something
okay there's some rocks here this should
be oh my god that's an old heater right
there
no bro there's a toilet in here hell
yeah quite a stable bathroom actually
see what's in this toilet someone didn't
flush I'm just getting this mud you tube
don't need monitize me even though he
already do
good good good
watch out it is like metal and
everything yeah we should have pants on
damn dude you just broke straight
through good there's old can do this
room smells bad I don't know if it's
because it's the bathroom or what but
this place is scheduled let's get out of
here there you go hopefully that'll hold
lay that across maybe put it somewhere
there you go that's a good idea it's
kinda I'm coming that was a good idea
good job okay if we even get up to the
second floor imagine if it broke just
like how we fell through right there
yeah I don't know about that guys I just
don't want to fall onto a pointy toe
relying on this rainbow if we literally
moved one break this whole thing would
collide that thing I that's crazy yeah
this is the 130 spot in this whole
freaking house I swear gonna do that
goes outside this goes outside swipe it
free yeah these people should have known
they had guessed they could have turned
on the heater it's freezing in here just
leads right outside I am not feeling
good guys I'm getting really tense um I
think we should go get the blanket soon
cuz I don't think there's a way up
stairs I mean please don't leave it
dislike for us not going upstairs I
don't I don't wanna die either oh I'm
back outside where we started yeah
Bullock thanks furniture music when he
goes denim please go please beat it
there you go my hands are numb my
stomach hurts like maybe it's cuz I ate
junk food today but man I I do not feel
good a quick phone charging break for
Dillon and boom
and we're gonna grab the blankets but
I'm gonna warm up my hands like one
final time we might end up cuddling in
my truck even though that's against the
rules like I'd almost rather fail the
challenge but at the same time like I
don't know what we do in that house
tough break the name Floyd the stain
hell's Bob here's that one spot and the
one crate holder thing and I was
standing on by the oh yeah all the
things I do for you guys I hate my life
right now
but it'll be worth it once I'm editing
this video and I'm in my room I'm
actually freezing through this thing
gets closer and closer to falling every
time you step across it I like this room
the most because it has the wood board
over the window there's this door it's
kind of creepy but I think I'm okay to
sleep in here as long as we can stay
warm we are cuddling and I don't care
what anyone says should we just lay my
blanket on the ground and use yours to
sleep yeah I'll probably do a checkup
let's see what time it is right now so
it's only 8:40 p.m. right now I am ready
for bed I'm going to force myself to
sleep I'll set up the GoPro we'll go to
bed for a while see what time it is here
we go
what the hell that woke me right oh the
GoPro is still going oh my god guys I
think I might shut off I'm shutting off
the light and I'm going no we're gonna
have to shut off the light so that no
one comes to us because we're hearing
gunshots see you guys in a little bit I
don't know if I'll be able to sleep but
Oh God well guys we decided to peace and
I'm just now picking up my camera
there's a cop behind us don't worry I
was not speeding or anything I'm in my
truck kind of panicked right now mostly
from the gunshots there was two gunshots
right and we passed this guy in a truck
he was a yeah a flashlight he was
looking out into the field who does gun
practice at you know whatever time at
night and only shoots twice like
obviously something's not right you
can't hunt at night either so I was
driving down the road trying to get out
of there because I knew something was
not right and I was like panicking there
was two deer I was obviously not going
to swerve into the other lane so I hit
the deer and my trucks fine we're both
fine and yeah okay
if you don't want to report made it's
not mandatory so yeah it's for you to go
do you want the deer deer meat
that's right he'll so if you want it you
can have it I'll give you a deer tag if
you don't want it it's gonna land that
digital coyotes get it okay did the
right thing hit the deer always hit the
deer don't ever ever try to swerve you
never just one doesn't matter yeah hit
the deer the dogcat moose I don't care
hey okay so number there's no record to
go all right all right
yeah I'd never shot a deer I mean I'd
gone hunting a few times with my dad but
mostly just sat there and just hit one
in my truck there were two or three deer
in the line I was obviously gonna hit
them you never swerve whenever there's
an animal he's got a brace for impact
and hit it and that's what we did
there's only hair on the front of my
truck I'll show you guys and the coppers
really nice really helpful and yeah I am
not sleeping in that thing I don't care
there's gunshots going off I'm out
that's just how it is guys I'm sorry if
you wanted to see me sleeping it but I
want to get shot killed slap but my
mom's home from New York so we'll go say
hi oh guys we're back home there's a
little bit of the deer hair I hit it
right on this toe hook really no damage
to the car at all just a little splatter
there but I guess that's my first
technical car crash I didn't report it
as a crash cuz I was just really trying
to get home I've been anxious basically
all day long just as soon as we got to
that haunted house I just had a bad vibe
and I just knew something was off and it
sounds weird but I'm actually kind of
glad that I hit that deer because it
opened my eyes like it actually opened
my eyes to things like that are possible
they can happen that can happen to
anybody thank God it wasn't in my Audi
or my Challenger even though if I was in
my Audi I would have used those race
breaks and I would have slammed on them
and I want you guys to know as well that
things can't happen and just try to be
the safest you can be in all situations
whether that be hanging out with friends
going places I don't know it doesn't
matter what it is like things can happen
but my truck I don't really care okay
it's fine and that cop I didn't even
call him like you're obviously supposed
to call the cops I probably would have
called him but he just happened to be
pretty close behind me and saw it and
pulled over when I ever I had my hazards
all and turned on his lights and I went
to check on the deer you know I walked
towards him and his car and to see maybe
if it's okay I had a flashlight when I
walked up to him everything is good he
told me I did the right thing so I feel
a little bit better what an interesting
past two days for me right
your life yeah hi Luna I'm so glad to
see you guys welcome home thank you
again for that ticket of course she
means tickets to the concert not like
police tickets I don't get any of those
come on what is it a highway patrolman
is a state trooper and he was just right
behind me like who's weird like guys
she's getting her voice back a little
bit sounds a little bit better
Starbucks chick in New York you'll never
see this but you're a godsend thank you
you might this is tenebra her YouTube
channel but yeah she gave my mom a magic
potion she's feeling better but we're
gonna go ahead and in this vlog here and
I hope you guys enjoyed it African love
you tan clan and thank you so much for
watching don't forget your end if you
enjoyed subscribe new and I'll see you
guys
you just maybe
