what is going on guys today we are back
Oh who's that who's that oh it's the I
just want to go get some Dairy Queen but
I already miss some members so that was
a lot of fun but now we're getting
pulled over I'm driving on a dirt road I
just wash my car
this ought to be fun cool cop car though
yeah
how old are you I'm 17 dad's car no it's
mine your car yeah about a 9/16 though I
just sped off cuz there's a bunch of
fans and they wanted me to yeah yeah
watch SS hell yeah but if you lose
control my name is Captain Mears I'm
with the Wichita Police Department I'm a
little bit out of my jurisdiction
yeah so that's fine but I can call Mike
who's the chief here cuz he was my
lieutenant my neighborhood yeah I call
Mike and probably haven't come out here
and issue some hellacious tickets or we
can have a conversation yeah and
hopefully don't do that okay yeah I
never do it in town like that it's just
the fans wanted me to I understand yeah
it fans yeah I make youtube videos you
live over here yeah yeah
you live by the Chief of Police yes yes
should be yep
yeah it was just for them I want you to
live yeah so that is the intro to the
vlog I hope the tank line is all having
a great day my cop friend is leaving now
really cool guy I guess he gave me a
warning I need to quit watching so many
supercar videos again he was really nice
thank you so much sir like I said I was
just doing it for the 25 or so kids that
were there I'd never go that fast on
this road but I mean the car does have
the Quattro system and I've been driving
it since April I'm pretty good if I must
say so myself but cops do not care about
excuses there are no excuses so yeah
that's the start to the vlog that's my
morning I'm gonna go home pick this up
on the big camera and yeah see you then
can you almost talk now not really
okay good cuz I mean you can't yell hi
Christie guys my mom is in New York now
she is looking out at a piece of place I
have something to tell you I got pulled
over I was going 80 and a 40 and guess
what I didn't get a ticket
I'm not kidding the cop wasn't in his
jurisdiction and he could have called
another cop to come give me one but he
would rather give me a conversation so
we had a nice conversation and yeah
there was like 25 fans at Dairy Queen
and they all wanted me to speed away
they're all crowding my car so then I
just floored it yeah yeah I told him
that's why so he understood kind of yeah
I was in my Audi sorry you guys can't
hear but yeah that's really all I had to
tell you have fun on your trip okay good
night love you okay enough about the cop
situation but yeah today we're gonna be
going to my grandma's house because my
mom is in New York and it's really fun
there I think my other cousins are
showing up and although the start of the
day wasn't that great I'm having a good
day so I hope you guys are all having a
great day as well the tank
better be smiling because if you're not
that is not okay and I am responsible
for that so put on your smile put on
your tan client hoodies and let's get
started with the day oh it's actually a
414 in the afternoon now goodbye Luna
Luna Luna community by Rose you're too
busy eating a trampoline you're too busy
looking at a tree what is that you're
all open your jaw you take it out okay
I'll take that thank you you give I rose
hope that was yummy we're taking my
truck to my grandma's house cuz I'm a
little bit scared to drive it right now
after what happened cops will be on the
prowl and I just feel like I'm having
bad luck with it so my sister and I are
leaving my brother will meet us there
he's slow actually no he's not slow he's
filming a YouTube video so good for him
he could take all the time he needs
let's get some GoPro shots of the truck
we made it oh my gosh these cats
multiply every time I look at him
there's more and more and more I used to
think that my grandma bought cats but
they're all just wild they just show up
mistakes oh I smell a fire it finally
got cold enough for them to make a fire
hello dad oh thank god
feel my camera holy cow I know ya drove
my truck so who knows crazy come here
Gracie Gracie's gonna attack my camera
oh yeah I helped make this would didn't
I I've chopped it all up these might be
one of the four logs I split what'd you
say grandpa oh look at it burn my
camera's warming up now man I cannot
wait until all this ground is covered in
snow and we can take the four-wheeler
out in it and sled around and stuff you
guys already know I'm drifting in the r8
on snow this winter I've only tried and
failed that in my Challenger but I think
I can do it now I'm becoming a
professional driver that cop thought
otherwise we're back up here at this
beehive and last time I opened it up
there was just a little tiny pile we
didn't actually get to see all of them
this time I have my GoPro and it's
really cool so they won't come outside
so I'm gonna stick this down in here we
can get a view oh my gosh there's even
more cats up here guys look there's one
in the tree right there they're all
hidin of course but there's another one
do you even know how many cats are
around here we have a cabinet full of
fat cakes for snowballs that everyone
called depends on what you watch ICarly
these are really good right there what
does our hostess peanut butter chocolate
well grandpa should we go show him your
secret supercar yes your what
you guys already know that my grandpa
has this old car there's a clip it is
insane it's super loud
I just got dust in my mouth this is the
one that we're redoing cuz he did a
backflip totally landed it seats her out
of it and everything it's gonna get
painted soon and then fully restored
I'll probably end up taking the
thumbnail with this car because the
other ones just way too awesome I don't
I don't want to give away anything my
grandma also has that big truck and this
truck and the Bobcat and like four more
he's got more cars than me here's the
reveal guys oh my gosh I cannot believe
you bought this it looks even better in
person this car doesn't even have a
brand it's so freakin sick you can even
take off the top I was looking for the
unlock for this car is too cool for that
you have to reach over this other side
and unlock it by pull it up see these in
the door five-speed manual transmission
notepad for your thoughts in case you
know come up with a country song
anything cranking windows in and zero to
60 in like 20 seconds or something like
that so yeah that was a little bit of a
funny on my part every youtuber
clickbait songs in a while okay I didn't
have a good title but if you're a part
of the tank claim you don't even care
because you support all the videos and
you're just plain sexy that's just how
it is and it's okay because someday very
soon my grandpa has really good car will
be done it'll be loud it'll be beautiful
and we will take it on a drive and I
will race my car in it and it's gonna be
sick oh my gosh it got dark fast Owens
here though say hi I just checked my
phone and it is 27 degrees out right now
I'm putting the hood out grandpa wanted
to get some fun started we were about to
crank up some music ladies and gentlemen
mr. Conway Twitty nuts from Family Guy
yeah yeah that is how we get down with
grandpa found down and here we have
Owens truck he's the one that inspired
me to get mine it's about the same size
I'm pretty sure it's a little bit older
but there's mine
BAM we are both country boys it's cold
and go back at the shop oh my god is a
disco ball out my camera lens like froze
last night guys I left my camera out in
the shop my camera is actually freezing
cold and if I clear it off look what
happens I am right back to what it was
so hopefully you guys can see me but it
is now current day that this vlog is
going up this is the comfiest bed in the
whole entire world it is amazing I just
want to sleep with it all day crazy
crazy crazy I love you but you always go
for people's ears gross we got to be
kind of quiet cuz Taylor still sleeping
but I need to find my phone I don't know
where it is Paul tanner thanks Taylor I
hear it where is it at Oh what hello
like I said guys it is current day that
I'm uploading this vlog it is in the
morning now I should have filmed more
last night but it was dark he was super
late everybody was just having a good
time so I just sat down the vlog camera
you know let it freeze overnight I got
to get home and edit this vlog and then
get started on the next one but I just
want to let you guys know I freaking
love you guys like that just might be
part of the atra I freaking love you
guys well another thing I want you guys
to take away from my vlogs is that even
if you're having a bad day even if you
get pulled over if something's going
wrong in your life just keep smiling
through it it'll pass someone told me
this whenever I was young they were like
if you had like $18,000 and someone
stole $10 of it would you spend the rest
of the seventeen thousand nine hundred
and ninety trying to get the ten dollars
back and I was like no that's obviously
not the right number I'm still tired but
yeah they're like that's how many
seconds are in a day so if someone takes
away ten seconds everyday it makes you
feel bad why would you let it ruin the
rest of your day and I just thought I'd
let you guys know that so go out there
do great things use your talent find
what you love work hard and you can do
anything in the world okay there's your
inspirational talk for the morning but
it's all true I'm living proof I think
this is a good place to in the vlog I
mean obviously it's a great place in the
vlog is so comfy but we will see you
guys in tomorrow's video I frickin love
you tank Lent thank you guys so much
watching this video and don't forgive I
can't read defense if you enjoyed
subscribe and you and I'll see you guys
next time
you just maybe
