my truck runs again you girls need a
ride this thing is beautiful
can we please like clean it out a little
bit first cuz I don't know if we can all
fit with all this junk but what is going
on guys today we're back in today hope
you guys all have a great day
my truck is drivable again we just went
this morning and we got a battery so it
is good to go look how filthy it is
though we gotta go give it a car wash my
mom wants me to help her run some
errands I'm a great son where we going
again I'm so ready yes let's do it
little update huh this doesn't work
anymore radio is completely dead gotta
be a way to fix it and also I'm
invisible to the public I fit right in
with the normal people your also seemed
to be a lot less observant when you're
driving this this is a public road not a
racetrack god slow down goodbye mom have
fun in Walmart we're gonna go wash my
truck yeah yeah there's a lot of leaves
hey don't film in there are you ready
ready ready now this carwash would be
sexy but I don't want to drive home wet
so we'll probably just do it
and we are back to square one the
service engine soon light is on but I
got to take a really fun ride night with
my great family Girl's Day okay guys we
made it back home
and you guys already know this car is
pretty dirty as well I'm not gonna clean
my truck and then leave this one dirty
so I think it's time for an actually
sexy carwash montage so how many is a
GoPro because it's just way better for
edits and you guys already know that
let's get into it
we are back in business with the RA
Thank You Quentin for showing me this
fun game and now we are going to go
drift not in my truck because my truck
is sparkly it's clean but we will go in
Quentin's Jeep I'm gonna show him this
new spot I found it's a dirt road no
it's so fun and I'm gonna park my car in
this random division and I don't know
who lives here bomb is gonna leave you
here for a little bit because I have to
get back in after this I'm gonna go take
some cute Instagram pictures your
phone's broken
mine's done that eight times it's all
the way down there you can see the day
it's basically a roundabout that's a
dirt road and it is so sick but it's
also right by these people's houses I've
drifted this place twice and one of the
times this guy took a picture of my
license plate as I was leaving pretty
sure it was so he could call the cops
yeah those are the people dude check it
out
I've never actually drifted in a circle
floor it right though
yeah okay power through power
oh god the grass and we're out we're out
that was horrible
remember that time I tried to drift all
this snow and my Challenger I didn't
shut off traction control it got stuck
in one yeah you live and you learn
that was pathetic and as a lot of you
guys may know a lot of my pictures on
Instagram Arkansas II you don't know I
never get some buildings because there's
not that many big buildings but we're
gonna go get some access we're gonna go
on the roof of some right now let's get
it look he's going to the tear spot -
he's already on his way you can tell he
drifted before he's been there hey we're
good
no one's stolen it is looking like we
found our parking garage it's looking
like there won't be anybody else up
there to mess with us I got a blue
Gatorade just so I can drink it for a
picture hold on hold on let me clear off
my seat I bought another one just for
you okay I think this is the first
actual parking garage I've been in in my
RA so we're gonna have to do the car
alarm challenge wait is that a Grom oh
it's a little guy
if you don't know what the car alarm
challenge is it's where you go fast in
the rumble of your car sets off the car
alarms or even any cars up here we'll do
it all the way yeah we'll do it on the
way out because I drove past all the
cars and forgotten more Kansas
but rooftop pictures we're fire we are
about to head down one level take some
more and then I'm definitely gonna do
the rev challenge you guys already know
it we're gonna set off every car alarm
in a five-mile radius oh my gosh look at
the roads right now guys with the sunset
on it it's invisible and then BOOM
and screw that this thing six stories
and I was just chilling right there and
it's so windy out bro that was a little
bit too far for a freaking H grand
picture I'm done for now you ready to go
set off some alarms yeah if we cannot
set off any alarms I'm going to be very
confused for one but also upset because
if this car cannot set them off none can
okay this is I think you should just
literally start rolling down and put it
in neutral or just keep flooring I'm
gonna try it both ways we're gonna get
it to happen like this listen I
head-butted the ceiling all right we are
on the fourth floor we're gonna test it
on this car right here obviously it's
parked probably locked nice put it in
neutral or what just want to go fast
fine three two one
haha failure whatever we're moving on
that one is we're on the fourth floor we
have yeah yeah we got three cars here
going down to the third
well there's no way these are not going
on and I guarantee the lady down there
in the booth that made me pay her five
dollars to get up here for 10 minutes
he's probably hearing this and she's
probably calling the cops or she just
confuses - who brought their tank okay
we have four cars here you want to get
out maybe maybe your
yo I'm not trying to make excuses but I
think it's because it's not actually a
sealed-off garage like maybe the sound
waves are getting through there I don't
know so we just try it right here rev it
right here I heard what I heard what did
you hear that always that black one
right there I got so excited okay
definitely neutrals a way to go because
I was louder than I can get it while
driving I'll just roll down the hill in
neutral and rev it the whole way you
want to get out again fine I'll get my
ears assaulted a second time
I heard another dude some of these and
weird Carl arms I don't forget you know
that little beat yeah one of em I like
ACK we're at the end that was
we trying to kind of fail the challenge
where at the end of the line guys it's
time to go home guys a cop just passed
by you probably can't see him he's right
he's right back there I think he's gonna
keep you on I think we're good we're not
in any trouble loud noises are not
illegal I don't think oh and tips and
tricks if you guys ever owned a loud car
hold on let me turn on the lights you
guys can actually see me I'm driving
through my neighborhood right now and
I'm going the same speed limit that I do
when I get yelled at but no one's
yelling if you turn off your exhaust
they leave you alone because then they
think you're going slow little life hack
you know because if I go ten mile an
hour they're like slow down we know you
were going 80 down the road your license
plate is very illegal why is that I
couldn't read it
I flashed my brights oh that one see if
I could read it like good it's all oh my
god I can read it as fine says click
base of course Taylor lock the door
shaking my head why are you how do you
mind a curtain she made some new bacon
pasta stuff and some sort of spinach
good enough for me another life hack
someday you're gonna have to cook your
own meals pay for your own meals if your
mom's make it free food don't turn it
down I look back to all the times I was
like I'm not finishing that and then my
mom's like you're gonna eat it for
breakfast it now I'd be like I will eat
that for breakfast excuse me sir who
also don't want to be filmed my whole
family does not want to be filmed we
might need that Xbox back cuz couldn't
showed me a new games pretty fun Luna I
don't think there's anything left on our
plates our mom just came downstairs hi
how are you thank you for the wonderful
dinner it was really good whatever that
green stuff was nice by the way guys my
mom's voice is gone tri sock god it's
gone she literally sounds like a smoker
he always told me not to smoke what the
house you're still going to New York
tomorrow
you damn straight so guys there's going
to be a link in the description of these
guys website their name is C gig they
hooked me up with C's to Guns N'Roses
the first Guns & Roses concert I ever
went to and now they are hooking my mom
up with tickets to ten and faith
something in New York I'm Tim McGraw
Faith Hill that people I'm not getting
paid for this out but you guys can
save twenty dollars if you use the code
in the description if you want to buy
ticket the code is Tanner kind of hard
to remember I know my mom can't talk
about what you want to say just use sign
language you're gonna have to be better
by tomorrow go here here I got you I got
you a little bit of this will fix you
right up
no I'm not kidding mom don't spray you
want me do it first
a little bit of that come on it's great
he's got it on your tongue I was not
gonna fix anything
all right now speak to us speak to us I
can't okay oh my gosh is that for the
Christmas sweater holy crap this is
gonna be insane guys we're bringing back
the Christmas sweater this year that's
all we're gonna show you but it is gonna
be sick hopefully my mom gets better for
tomorrow because a concert without
singing like you have to jam out at a
concert never I went to Guns and Roses
it was more like knock knock knockin on
heaven's Dow Wow Hey Hey what I think
this is a good point in the vlog so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget the Tang Clan merch is on
the tee Braungart website and the
contest is still going on for six more
days and I will be signing five of these
and sending them to you guys if you
spend fifty or more dollars on the store
you get entered in to win thank you guys
so much for watching this video I
frickin love you tank Lin and don't
forget leave like and share the friends
if you enjoyed subscribe for new and
I'll see you guys
you just maybe
