did you get another new car what is that
this is the intro to my blog so what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day I drove over to my dad's house
because guess what I'm bored how you
doing
bored we can be bored together then oh
this is a 1989 Cutlass Calais it
literally says Oldsmobile that's the
actual miles 38,000 only my challenger
has like 27,000 it looks clean and like
almost new this is freaking awesome if
you guys didn't know my dad does have a
cool car okay this is not his only car
do you get rid of the Jeep then because
I showed them that Jeep
yep jeeps gone
there's a lot older than my mother
Quest's in the fact all right guys we're
gonna get that cold start it's really
cold
check him out guys they're finally
meeting my freakin love cars I gotta
tell you guys about how I spent my
morning I was just binge watching
YouTube on all these amazing cars and I
was trying to get a goal for myself what
new goal do I want for myself by the
time I'm like 20 years old I was
thinking of cars houses everything the
thing about houses is you just sit I
don't like to sit I need to go go go
so I've always loved cars and I do love
that one but there are some other ones
that I I really want someday when I'm
older I've gotten this far in my career
from wanting a Lamborghini Aventador
which I still really want I think
they're amazing but I was thinking of
other stuff like Bugatti she runs
McLaren p1 a Porsche 918 or Carrera GT
hopefully you guys know cars or a
Lamborghini champ scenario I'm not that
big on Ferraris but a la Ferrari they're
amazing sadly I don't have five million
dollars laying around but I was just
thinking of new goals for myself so
that's what I've come up with so far if
you guys like cars and you know about
cars that was a wasp let me know which
one of those you guys would like all of
them is not a choice I'm gonna move my
car real quick and we're gonna take a
quick ride in my dad's car it's been
months since I've driven in it I don't
even think he drives it very much we got
to keep the car warm you know you can't
let it sit too long my car is still so
dirty look at that windshield I haven't
cleaned my car in about a week but it
keeps on raining so there's no point
it's just gonna keep getting dirty but
this interior is very clean there's only
lap seatbelts in here there's nothing to
grab I don't know that much about cars
yet though so my dad is going to let you
guys know what this is cuz I can't say
the full name this is a 1967 326 8jo
Firebird yeah the original motor
original motor everything and this was
the original color that came on it we
had to repaint it but it's so original
this still has the original AM radio and
yep classic that doesn't work I can tell
by the speaker
it's a nice speaker that you see does
not work I'm guessing there isn't okay
that's fine I'm not a Sikh or Stan
that's okay we can crank the windows
this car is fifty years old
oh my gosh you know lower cousin Logan
was born in 2004 I saw that and I was
like there's no way that seems like
yesterday you've only been pulled over
what once in your whole life something
like that one taking it one take it I've
only got one ticket in my whole life
sixteen pull over everybody's faces are
just like when I Drive mine cuz this car
is just as rare like no one has these
anymore in this good of condition I'm
sorry I'm talking such car stuff
hopefully you guys know cars if not have
given you a little education
finally a car headed that is not in my
car yeah just like that
the ride is over it's all covered up
until the next trip I really need a car
cover that would help the dirtiness so
it's only fair that we take a ride in my
car as well my dad has written in it one
time before but that was back when it
was blue and quiet and boring so I'll
hand the camera over to him and we'll
get rolling
we'll turn around drop him off in the
Blagh back at home
man I really need to stop driving my art
so much it's like becoming not as
special as it was so I need to tone it
down it's almost a daily driver at this
point and my mom is about here hi Luna I
don't even know if anybody's home oh
that's right my mom is on an important
mission to get some new merch because I
have an announcement today and I have
been keeping a secret from you guys but
before we into that if you guys leave a
like in the next five seconds Oh grab
this baby mask and scare my mom which is
on her way home right now it's all dirty
I'll still put it on my head all right
five seconds starts right now
did you did you do it I'm not doing it
unless you liked the video all right
thank you okay guys here she is she's
coming in her truck I'm gonna slide this
right here and I'm gonna put this over
my head
come on open the door hi
Jesus did you not notice the purple
blanket oh you've ran over it you almost
ran me over mom you almost ran over my
foot the blink is stuff that's staying
here now I almost sat in dog poop guys
leave it like that good you do how about
we show them after I show them oh we
haven't shown that no you want to show
them with me my mom will not be burning
this mask I'm going to hide it where she
cannot Rose come close I've been keeping
a secret from the tan clan want to know
why well I knew I wouldn't have a video
idea so here we are I also had the
really funny tattoo footage of me
actually getting it it hurt really bad
so it was hilarious and I'm a genius and
deleted it off my SD card my computer
everything here's how it went so not
only do I have the rose tattoo and the
new angel wing I also have a secret
third one that I'm gonna be showing you
guys right now it's kind of scabby but
it still looks sweet in three two
like here's a guy it's kind of scabbing
so guys but it looks really good got the
same exact day I got this one you guys
know how I can't remember it's a tank
line all the time well now I will you
guys are on my body for the rest of my
life and I'm happy about it I've been
doing way better since that's been there
yeah I know and because I freaking love
you guys I got the tan clan on my ankle
the reason I got it right here and not
like anywhere else is because when I
wear Crocs you can still see this right
above where the croc is so I mean it's
just it fits
after Romeo tattooed this I was like hey
what if you do a quick second one he
grabs sharpie he wrote it on and then he
made it look sick and the second news of
the day panic Lambert I'm so glad we
finally decided on a fan-based name
because I was so sick of going back and
forth from guardians tank lands well
look how sweet it is guys it's just the
perfect combination of clickbait and
everything and it's your font and it's
my font that's on my foot it's literally
the exact tattoo and you guys can also
be in the tank line for life like how do
you just wear it every day and you're in
we are in the process of discontinuing
some items I don't know if they're all
flagged on the website yet but we're
getting there mm-hmm we're kind of a
cleaning house there's gonna be some
things that are gonna go away the bleach
pop socket is I'm gonna go away okay the
original clickbait pop socket gonna go
away there's there's things it's just we
got to mix it up we're gonna bring in
new stuff we're gonna bring a new tank
land stuff all kinds of it we got hot
stuff coming guys so anyway so if you
want any of the OG stuff anything that
says discontinued I don't know if it's
all in there yet but it's gonna have a
banner on it once it's gone it's gone it
won't be restocked I got a whole new
line of shirts coming very very soon
that will be announced within the next
couple days and that trampoline got torn
up by Rosen man where you got that Linda
to us from a friend we are sorry we will
pay you back yep whoops it's like a
frickin charm bro look it's fitted at
the bottom oh you guys know I don't like
clothes but I will be wearing this you
know what I have an idea have an idea
like my mom said we have new designs of
shirts coming very soon on their website
and since we're having all this new
stuff come out why not I'm gonna sign
five of these and whoever spends $50 or
more on the website this week will be
entered in to win and we will be sending
out five of these signed sweatshirts to
the lucky winners this video is being
released on Thursday so it will run
until next Thursday and yeah I'm
freaking hype I'm ready for you guys to
have this merch we will be posting the
winners on the official Instagram of the
merchandise site at sebring our official
on Instagram so we do an edit in the
hood
I mean might as well I'm high
I feel like you hit your feet for I did
hello family Wow
wait let's do this like in Alcoholics
Anonymous hi my name is Tanner and I'm
addicted sibley child me this is
actually my favorite flavor it's
lavender okay go go y'all go hi tanner
hey hey no cosmetics that I probably
should spend my money on
oh hi Tristan you should have said you
gay anyway Taylor go hi I'm Taylor and I
can't upload YouTube videos once a week
because it's too hard
hi Taylor mom what's your problem in
life what's answer it Oh
why is it dark Oh
how are you sick I'm tanner I'm filming
a documentary on black screen how did
you know about my secret channel your
subscriber count' hi subscriber I'm
Tanner oh nice there's Tristan talk to
him do not do anything to that mom get
back give me that baby here's my secret
spot do not tell my mom well yeah guys I
am gonna go on a drive I don't think
I've driven enough today only like five
hours but we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you so much for
watching and don't forget we've liked
truth friends if you enjoyed and
subscribe he knew and I'll see ya the
next one we might have to roll both
outros to make it to 10 minutes drew so
much what do you like I'll play it first
okay deal what if I merged the two and
made it my actual outro I probably use
the country boy song because it's new
but I'd merge him that'd be cool you
need to figure out copyright on that new
ones
copyright does not stop the tan plan
but you came in looking like that you
just maybe
