so sir
hoodies going on guys today we're back
and today hope you guys all have an out
great day let me unlock my car you guys
never guess where you're going right now
it's gonna be freakin sick we're going
to the carpet store my mom wanted us to
help or choose carpet because the dogs
keep you know and then pissing and
tearing at it so even though our dogs
are not fully trained because we don't
take the time we are probably getting a
new carpet today for most of the rooms
in the house and it's got to be a family
decision you spill that I spill your
brain
you see I never know if people are
taking pictures of my car because it's
rose gold and whatnot or if they're
gonna report it to the police
yeah because my mom parked bad I have to
park bad gosh what's up so what are you
thinking well they have this fancy
smancy carpet we're supposed to like
block like pick up any stain like you're
gonna clean it which one do you like
Taylor of course what if we could just
tie dye or carpet make it look like that
tea bunker come to us start selling
carpet Taylor mom's taking forever I
like that one I'll take that one for my
room the color you want it is by mom we
are back home I'm kicking off the normal
shoes for one's not Crocs and if you
guys saw yesterday's video I did a day
in the life of Luna & Rose which then
inspired me to go on my snapchat and
look through old pictures of them and
look at these little cute little rows oh
my gosh you're so freaky cute look how
fluffy do you see how fluffy you used to
be I mean you're still fluffy but you
were small and fluffy oh and I almost
forgot check this out I saw this on
Instagram today someone carved my rose
tattoo into a pumpkin and look how
spot-on it is that is so beautiful
boom spot-on you chalice you for making
that I forgot your name I'm so sorry
I liked your post though and I love
seeing this fan office on Instagram if
you guys make any fan art if you're good
at drawing painting sculpting anything
please send it over to me I'll be trying
my best to like stuff back and yeah Rose
loon is sleeping on you also we're
starting this vlog in the afternoon like
usual but this morning I got around and
I went and I got like every GoPro thing
in the world and this cute little pull
the road camera that you know prints out
the photos right as you take them every
Instagrammer has one of these we got dog
strapped chest strap head strap this
little Wiggly thing that's gonna
stabilize it a circle the new GoPro Hero
6 black that was expensive we have the
little box one the session and I have
the four so we're gonna get all kinds of
angles super excited to test all the
stuff out I just gotta figure out how it
goes on shouldn't be too hard and I want
to make you go pro at it so let's do it
oh holy crap that scared me
GoPro flying off made me loser I was
okay it has been a while since I have
click baited a YouTube video this isn't
really clickbait I mean we are getting
new carpet but you know I'm gonna take
it like outside of our house yeah our
house is ruined here's the proof oh crap
I forgot the code we have this little
thing in the wall right here in my mom's
room all of this is chewed up thank you
very much but tree got overwatered in
that ruin the carpet right there our
whole living room the hole and my
brother's carpet this one was on purpose
but we're missing some railings someone
broke our fan as well this entire corner
that's right down here by the basement
kitchen another hole in the carpet in
the downstairs living room two dog pee
stains that were there long before
anyone could see them this carpet was
trashed anyway this thing on the end of
my bed I don't even know what you call
this ugly and last but definitely not
least my horribly ugly shower I mean
that's just so I would not call this
video clickbait there's a lot of things
wrong with our house ruined maybe not
stop yes so mom which of these four
carpets did we decide on is it the dark
brown no this one okay toasted almonds
toasted what's for dinner that sounds
just about as good as whatever almond
you just said yeah you want to help me
out with this new camera we're gonna
take some cute pics you want to I don't
know everything it's called a Polaroid
camera you know what it is she does
Taylor yeah she listen okay now John
selfie mirror so you can see yourself
when you like hold it out oh yeah you
have mine you takin a blind because you
can't see oh just like how i vlog every
day even vlog brown no I don't even have
a camera bro I gave you a camera bro a
DD you can have it tomorrow
all right guys a weekly video sorry that
when I get ideas always feels so cheap
and plasticky how do people take good
pictures okay it has no film well
where's the film are we gonna take
pictures I wonder if the film that I
haven't worked
all around me are familiar faces it came
with a stupid sticker but it didn't come
with film okay ready I'm gonna try to
let's see what will happen oh whoa no
but it's making noises that's probably
not good for it oh my gosh guys
what the hell so I was like oh yeah I'm
gonna be able to see myself cool flip
this out expecting a screen there's no
screen the mirror they were talking
about is that that tiny little thing
okay this is pathetic this is the worst
$90.00 ever spent $90 this should be
five you should be free they should pay
you $5 did you find it it was in the
storage room it was in something that
film better work who's ready for some
sexy dinner pictures those cannot be
sexy is he gonna come out the top or
what it's still making the same noise
and nothing's happening oh it says ass
on it take another one I took the
picture well I look over and she's like
come on please and now I have fallen
victim to the puppy eyes you're not
getting my food oh my gosh it worked
my mom just took a picture of me let's
look at it no but like that's the first
one oh so nothing happens moment of
truth let me look through my mirror I
can start taking my picture months on me
Wow all right what what do you mean
develop it's white I like to do it you
never heard of like developing a picture
you actually know it that no wait really
just let it sit okay back in the olden
days like when your grandpa used to take
Rodeo pictures
that's how film was actually made how
real pictures were made what you're
telling me in a few minutes it's gonna
be there yeah oh I see the outline of my
body look we'll let that sit there am I
gonna take more we only have ten in that
cartridge really that's stupid I could
take a million on my phone welcome to
1985 like when I went to school I had
and I had 24 pictures allowed I didn't
know what I was taking pictures up we
got to make these sexy then mom
and is the end of the sexy picture taken
at it let's do a week out oh these are
gonna be fire take a picture of your
picture and post it on Instagram
so we're waiting on a few of the
pictures to finish up and I haven't
talked about it showing off this tattoo
very much what's let's do a little
workout montage
Oh
okay that's not music for this story of
my life
okay final thoughts what do you think
are they all loaded up oh my gosh I love
that one let's focus on these dude these
are all pretty cute and a brown guard on
Instagram if you want some of that hey
there it is guys sexy Instagram picture
I'm upping my Instagram game because I
need to get back on the news game grind
I used to be gaining I need to um except
for I can't take good pictures
well is it bedtime it's an hour past
your bedtime right now mom
you're not gonna bet it's there but yeah
guys we're gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
and thank you so much for watching I'm
trying to not stress out about what
content is being filmed as much like
I'll make it good when I'm editing I'm
not gonna worry about it while we're
filming I had fun filming this video we
just messed around hopefully you guys
enjoyed it it wasn't anything crazy but
not every day has to be crazy you know I
read a bunch you guys comment so thank
you for all the support and clan for
freaking life and leave a like for my
mom helped me with polaroid cameras and
leave it like for Taylor helping me with
this edit in this video and leave a like
for all that new GoPro footage oh yeah
yeah thank you so much watch this video
and hope you've liked each other French
food enjoy subscribe for new and also
you guys next one I love the country boy
out
