congratulations mom you're going to a
house hey thank you she's going to a
concert Friday Friday in New York
front-row seats - it's like her dream
concert yeah you're welcome
I'm sick I'm awesome best song in the
world I'm gonna take that squeaky toy
from you kid you're loud you're so loud
between my legs okay I'm not gonna vlog
this sub BRB hi guys today we're back
and today I hope you guys are all having
a great day my room is a mess this will
help I bought 10 pairs of shorts and
this is one of them I bought these way
too big look I lost 40 pounds with tan
Klan weight loss but yeah as you guys
know I don't like clothes so whenever
winter comes I don't like pants cuz I
don't like getting hot so I just bought
a lot of shorts but I hope you guys are
all having a great day today and today -
did today - dad - dude - I have a GoPro
dog strap and I'm gonna strap it to my
dog before we do that I'm sorry for not
uploading yesterday I did film a video
but then I edited the whole thing look
back at it and I was like this is not
fit for the tan clan I wasn't happy with
it so I just trashed it and we're
starting over brand new today and since
I didn't have to upload that means I
didn't have to go through the whole
uploading processes I mean I edited but
I didn't really do the whole thing so
we're up and we're Adam early today
BRABUS Luna come here but my dogs
they're pretty chill right now so I got
rile them up I'm gonna play with the
little spoon you wanna party feeding her
are freakin cookout me
she's gonna go get it that was
unnecessary go back they're gonna eat it
they've already destroyed like two of
them ready you ready go get my stick one
under the stove oh no now we gotta find
something else you wanna play with rose
even though she's right there get the
rose killer all right
oh my tanner is that what Logan Paul
feels like every day alright um Tristan
does not like glass you got it
so Rosie's getting strapped up so far
she doesn't seem to hate it so just
straps on like that pretty simple you
like it it's just like a little backpack
you know you'll get a turn don't worry
is this your first time saddling a horse
no I actually did when I was a kid okay
hopefully the GoPro can see and
hopefully you guys will be able to hear
it's kind of windy out today
you want to go play roads you wanna go
play take her on a ride will do will do
everything he's the pool still open or
did we close it for the year it's still
open those ghosts yeah what are you
doing come on let's go play water
trampoline is deflated all right it's
open almost all the way it's kind of
chilly out maybe she woke it in up she's
getting in she's getting in go go go go
go Rose don't just stand there come on
do something all right right back out
yeah she doesn't seem to mind the strap
I thought she'd be like tugging at it
ready all right right back outside what
what a day so far that's what you do
every day Rose let's try to get Rose
excited by doing something that I know
she loves rose brows come on where is
she where'd she go
actors playing in a bush oh great yeah
you're all muddy now aw did Luna bring
you some ice
did she good girl you want to go
upstairs point roaster here Rose why
don't you want to listen to soon as
you're on camera all right right back
into my room she's trying to die herself
off oh hey hey you messed up your GoPro
let me let me fix that
IRA's let's go upstairs we got to go to
the beanbag room sometimes they'll come
up sometimes they won't it looks like
they're actually coming up hey be
careful be careful hey be gentle okay
it's hard to breathe in here I don't
want to keep them in here too long
because they might eat the beads but
they like it this is the fun room in
this fun room that out of your mouth all
right let's go come on girls before you
get too wet you want to go on our ride
in my car is that what you want to do
let's go on a drive what's going my
challenger mom's coming with me to help
me film cuz driving a vlogging that's
dangerous that's kind of my spot but I'm
remote oh it's for my old TV you can be
a to toy I'll distract Luna while you
get in the back seat
okay guys everyone's in this is the door
shut Rose your foot is on my sack let's
get the AC a-rollin windows down for the
dogs Rosa's sitting to wear the GoPro is
probably capturing none of this look at
Luna right now
it's just a good dog couldn't find Munna
the other day and I had left the truck
door open she was outside like the truck
look at me going the speed limit half Q
I feel like it's almost Lunas turn for
the strap because Luna would love to be
in the front seat
yeah roses she just chill hope what's
that I heard her dogs hey hey oh sure
yeah my windows works fine Luna made it
in the front she didn't please don't let
her jump out Luna time is up get back
over there you girls could share the
other front seat I guess you could call
that a head dogpile hi thanks for
filming me on that great joke look at
them best friends sisters well we're
gonna stop the GoPro because I could
tell it's capturing nothing seatbelt
signs going off cuz the combined weight
probably thinks it's a person and we'll
put it on Luna whenever we get home come
on Rose get out real quick yeah all for
you guys freakin drugs what would happen
if we took off their electric collar oh
gosh he would get quite the footage
she'd be gone this is the first time
lunar stood still in her life she was
jealous Rose was a star how you done
screaming tanner okay we're rolling
please don't go inside and sit down
here's how you drive her to get some
bread yeah who eats the heel of the loaf
you wanna come eat some bread Rose get
out from under the table let's go let's
go first let's see if they can get the
bread if it's just feeling on that look
ready see that go the breads up there go
get it I know you can jump up there Rose
you gotta go for the job there you go
Rose I know you want to join in on the
party where'd she go
you want to come come on let's go eat
some bread ah she got a bite so now
she's now she's done come on
WrestleMania good girl give it girl oh
no our pumpkin guy fell over oh come on
get up get up and his nose fell off and
the trees completely gone and we still
haven't put this guy up mom this is this
is getting ridiculous at 6:30 oh that's
all the Sun is going down it's getting a
little bit chilly out Oh God Wow Wow Oh
scab just came off yeah I just woke up
from a nap so I let my brain wake up I
don't know what it is if it's Kansas or
maybe it's me I'm in a permanent slump
right now and I don't want to do
anything I woke up and I was like wow
put me back to bed because I there's
nothing I want to do I had no
aspirations to pick up my vlog camera
thankfully I have two dogs that made my
video for me but since I missed
yesterday I was not gonna miss another
day no matter what so I don't know what
to do I've tried to like force myself to
just jump out of it but I still don't
want to do anything
maybe it's the cold weather last time we
were in LA for those 3-4 days whatever
was I was high I was doing stuff every
day I was getting tattoos I was jumping
off cliffs and backyards I actually had
some friends there because my friends
here are always freaking busy and then
whenever they come over we just we sit
still and I'm like whenever I hang out
with Dylan Hawk we're always doing
something it's super-fun we're breaking
stuff in the hotel we're making good
creative hilarious content and I wish I
was like in a youtuber house because
then you have all these creator friends
that are also creators and right now I
have two dogs and a family that loves
you
so I guess I just wait until I'm 18 and
then just decide what to do because I
really don't know my mom and I mentioned
moving back to our old old old old old
old house it was built new hill it's on
a lot of property it's farther out
though it was just another option for
fun content maybe we get out further we
can build more stuff
scaffolding becomes an actual freakin
wooden cliff that I don't even know but
that means we're even farther away from
people I feel like maybe I should go to
LA and I don't know if I would like that
so tell me right now Thanh clan what is
your favorite content is it me breaking
stuff in hotels or sitting in an empty
house and being like ha ha ha guys I'll
tell you which one was more fun for me I
can't be held up I need to get out in
the world and backflip
thank you mom you can go back to bed I'm
kidding guys my mom's freaking hard work
and doesn't feel good and you need
anything ok so back in my room as you
guys can tell I have a very love hate
relationship with Kansas I know a lot of
you guys know this but a lot of you
probably don't but don't acquaintance
don't really do you too or anything like
that anymore they're just kind of moved
on I don't know what their thoughts on
it are the only Clinton if you're
watching this leave a comment down below
but recently no one's been involved so
it's just so freaking boring here
whenever we try to live in California
for that month the reason I came back is
because I missed the open space I miss
hanging out with my friends making funny
videos here that I made originally but
not come back and none of that's
happening please watch any of these
videos right here and tell me they
aren't entertaining those are the videos
we made last time we were in California
it had been a long time since I'd
absolutely loved editing videos and
during that trip I loved it I don't know
guys whatever I decide I want you guys
to be happy with it I want you guys to
be involved your opinion is what matters
most to me I'm not gonna pack up and
move if you guys absolutely don't want
that but if you guys don't want that
tell me what I can do to improve my
videos here but I don't know it is 6:45
p.m. right now I'm about to go to bed
now I'll probably watch Family Guy but
we are gonna go ahead and in this video
here and I hope you guys enjoyed it and
thank you guys so much for watching I
freaking love you tan clan thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
don't forgive I can share friends if you
enjoyed subscribe be new no see guys an
exon fault my it
you just maybe
