good morning good early afternoon
here comes Luna already see her she's
jealous what's up girls hey hey hey hey
hey watch this Jude what is going on
guys today we are back in today I hope
you guys are all having a great day try
said are my eyes is pretty is yours oh
yes thank you I have on Tristan's merch
shirt today you guys can get it on t
burger calm look at them pretty eyes
they're like reflective you'll see it
better in the Sun it's almost the same
material as the one used in the RA it's
just like silver its hallow
whatever that means just like I promised
in yesterday's video today we were going
to be having my great-grandma my
great-grandma Tatum react to my Audi r8
she's never been in it she's never even
seen it and hey no cops outside our
house today so it's a good day what do
you want what do you want but I hope the
Tang Clan is smiling today if you're not
having a good day go out and just make
it good horse yourself do something
interesting Luna get out of my car and
just relax have fun and enjoy it and if
you guys have not noticed yet I am
filming on the g7x can you see it the
little camera because my big camera's
microphone is absolutely ass every other
clip is just a bunch of crackling I
bought like three of those cameras it
doesn't happen any other youtuber I
swear let's see if this camera can
handle the startup of the RA
smelling gasoline I'm gonna go grab some
gas and removals to you guys I have my
grandma
feelings up in scary
let you
I see her car so hopefully she's
actually home every time I've come here
recently she's never home she might be
asleep the lights are off but she
definitely heard my car so hopefully
she's up
doorbell didn't run let's see what
happened hello how are you I'm fine I
brought you something
wherever you want to go it's very dirty
right now just warning you but you like
it grandma approved yeah you like the
rose that's my favorite part
nice got a new tattoo actually this is
Tristan shirt I'm not a bad kid I just
like him
clickbait it's like it's like getting
people to click on your YouTube video
it's hard to explain you'd have to be
involved in the community she's in the
bowling alley she's in that community
guys but I brought my GoPro and I
figured we could like drive to Grandma
Punky's or something
5 o'clock we got it trust me it'll be
quick grab the fully charged GoPro out
of the front hi guys let me know how the
GoPro view is I'm trying out this new
one with the new like a little hook so
hopefully it looks good turn on sport
mode what's out how are you I never
thought I'd meet anyone in this town
this camera never focuses
only one and it wasn't even can't
deserves in California 90 plus and a 65
I've been told over 14 times here
yeah it's smooth it's super look
whenever I first drove it in I was like
well can get done going okay just right
up here everyone else I take it stared
whenever I Drive
this is gonna be my first launch not
standing still we'll go from like 40 and
then we'll launch let me get this to
focus there we go
and then what
and that's me every single day so I mean
every chance I get where there's no cops
or anybody else I'm stepping on it you
get the pain that runs out up here yeah
I know I always go super slow into her
over the girl but anytime you want to
ride do you even have a phone because I
was gonna call you to let you know I was
coming but I know you have one but I
don't know oh it's probably cuz I got
that new number any time you want me to
stop by do you ever want to go a normal
speed in it we can do it yeah I'm not
sure if they're home but I really want
to play with their dog Gracie because
she's so freaking cute here ya know
right up there it's high so you like it
awesome howdy yep how do you all right
it's not clean right now usually it
shines more like I have a picture I took
here I'll insert it in the video guys it
is so sick and why is my camera about
tonight I don't know but you're none of
the cats yeah none of the cats ever want
to come play with me
this one doesn't hate me that one does
look at this hi
yeah he's out but I will pick up the
vlogger never get back home because my
camera is flashing red I thought I
charged the battery but juggles of the
small camera by ohm I gosh how have I
never seen this place a big empty
parking lot storms just passed I'm I set
up my camera real quick and try out the
traction control off I've never drifted
in this car
holy crap a lot of horsies come on Rose
come on we just shampooed the carpets
look you can even see like the design in
it I'm guessing this was the work of
Luna huh
huh was it oh my gosh they smelled my
grandma's dogging me again what what who
could a guest
dude grandma Tatum loved my car it was
awesome it was so fun grandma punky had
a cane because her foots hurting her and
grandma Tatum who's 90 is literally
walking around in front of her I was
like what that's her daughter by the way
she's like 30 90 yes just 90 I was like
grandma you're not allowed to have a
cane if your mom is walking fine let's
see if this camera can record a FaceTime
pretty good hello guess what
well for one grandma loved my car and
into I just found the best drift spot
and I just hit the biggest drift or at
least it felt like it it was sweet yeah
it was awesome I'm gonna go look at the
clip right now yeah and my big camera
stock so I'm using this little baby hey
Luna chill yeah and it's not bad at
recording a FaceTime call so I might
keep using it for now
until I find a better alternative okay
tell that man nice beard all right good
night love you but she never says get a
night back to me oh my gosh it is coming
down guys
yeah I saw it I drove home in it and
drifted wow you're in bed already are
you sitting in your bed your room your
room is so empty yeah the dogs Torpy
room I just realized this camera's low
light is horrible I can't deal with this
yeah have you heard my other ones
microphone I gave my other good camera
with the great low light to this camera
George George cameras George's cameras
and they're like yeah we'll fix it up
send it back to you four to six weeks
it's been about four weeks we haven't
heard anything check out these glasses I
found you guys remember these did I even
put them in a blog these are my friend
Solomon's look they have like mirrors
down there so no matter where you look
you're looking down like if we go up
from here uh there's my mom they're
trippy they're like drunk goggles on
steroids what were you saying true yeah
they look out for us some of the other
ones are not the best I was told that I
could go 30 in the 20 because our
neighborhoods 20 for some reason and
then I went 30 and then this lady's like
the guy that came in my garage by the
way he's like there's 65 people in this
neighborhood that won't your ass they
hate you
yeah they're awesome and our dogs are
awesome aren't they for reading yeah
they are dude it just gives me a
headache well do you have a book yeah
you have like three do you have to put
the book like really close to your face
to be able to read it I'll take these I
guess even though I don't read boo no
you're gonna come sleep with me it's
really looks like a black blob right now
this camera sucks you're trying out this
room this time who's blinking because it
looks so soft it does who wrapped this
around a tree that can stay here the
lower lights horrible so you have to use
a flashlight if you guys are wondering I
jump off this balcony
every chance I get like guys I still
send it on a regular basis if I happen
to come upstairs this is how I get in
Luna
go potty go potty okay we just washed
this floor do not do you even need to go
pee
mom said you did and now for the weekly
QA Wow well I have on your shirt and you
have on my old shirt so I want in this
video off with a quick UA with my
brother Tristan don't forget to buy his
mark it's selling like a god full of
churches no Tristan ever get a tattoo
let's just hop right in see that red
blinking battery and it's been there all
day
mm-hmm it disappears and comes back I
have another battery no it's not gonna
die it's just a house if I would ever
get a tattoo yeah if you go to my pin
tweet on my profile and shows my damn
rainbow feather tattoo it's faded those
though I need to get it touched up Romeo
get cool like me why do you like to
always be in your underwear in your
vlogs is this to marry that's to you
definitely to you whenever I get hot I
get stressed out and whenever I get
stressed out I get bad pain and I get
anxiety and stuff that's all the reason
I'm like mostly naked all the time now
if you want to hear a funny reason I
like my penis out do you like Halloween
and can you make a Halloween makeup
video is that for me obviously yes I
love it
and yes I can't you'll probably do my
makeup for Halloween just because why
not
it'll probably be for his channel so if
you haven't subscribed yet Christian
Branca grant Gardner favorite thing
about all of your cars um I have one my
truck I'd never have to worry about
whether even though I cheat my
Challenger like I don't care about
whether and I can go mud and I'd be
country as hell my Challenger I can
drive around and look normal because
other normal people have that car so I
don't always have to be looking around
for cops because I don't really have to
worry about that and it's just sick it's
the hundredth anniversary so I love that
car it was my first car I purchased all
by myself as well in my RA would come on
are you closer with Dylan Hawkins or
Tanner Foxx
I probably hang out with Dylan Hawk more
but I've known Tanner Fox longer okay my
camera was not fooling it just died like
I was saying I can relate to Tanner Foxx
a lot why does it say this one's about
to die cuz oh by the way if you guys
want to be a part of the weekly Q&A go
follow me on Twitter at brogard tanner
there's one T in there
miss Tristan have a boyfriend there's a
guy at our house remember he had the
truck yeah but we're not dating though
we're not officially a thing we're
making conversation
all right part two at the camera dying
when will you get a new foam pit in your
living room just like how it looks as a
normal room uses it okay no one used the
foam pit for a long time I never used
the foam pit that much mostly for videos
but it was a lot of fun yes who knows it
was a lot of fun to make the people that
came to our house Jim what is the
biggest thing you two argue about when
Lana chews up my $300 shoes whenever
you're supposed to be watching her do
not expose my hat hanging okay guys the
camera just kept dying so I'm just
giving up it was kind of a weekly Q&A I
still hope you guys enjoyed it and thank
you guys so much for watching this video
seriously shout out to everyone that
watches all my videos the tan clan is
amazing but yeah we are gonna go ahead
and in this video here and I hope you
guys enjoyed it and thank you guys so
much watching and don't really like
until the friend if you enjoyed
subscribe to new and also get the next
one hey I remember you you wanna do it
you just maybe
