what is going on with these bullies out
here well my son is a youtuber totally
yeah and they are huge fans of him
though they're trying to get a chance
for me good morning uh-huh well what is
going on guys today we're back and today
I hope you guys are all having a great
day
I just got woken up told there's a bunch
of people outside of our house what's
new hops are here because they just got
called by our neighbors lots of
interesting things happening this
morning no no how many videos I've said
it just don't come to my house like they
were saying that they came from three
hours away or something like why would
you do that
they're outside I'm trying to make my
thumbnail only you cannot go outside you
don't have your collar Rose has her
collar she's a good girl she don't run
away Luna just ran out the door
I don't know address used to be on
Google but we had it taken out our
attorneys did that so oh did you hold
the collar when you're in fur did it
hurt back inside the fortress joke anal
I like I said I feel bad but if I talk
to one person I talk to everybody and
then it's just an ongoing thing so I
don't talk to people in my house oh if
you come to my house I'm not gonna come
outside just the cops are gonna come
it's just it's so stupid so just go
through it I'm gonna go fix my thumbnail
take a shower we will start with today's
video yeah hope you guys are all having
a great day I have a new tattoo
oh it's peeking out the side mom there's
no hiding it anymore good because I
didn't want to hike one so yeah I said I
was gonna take a shower and then I was
gonna pick up the vlog it's it's dark
outside now you know why this has been
my day it's boring here mom I know you
can't make up your mind yeah
California's but then I come home and
I'm like wow I'm going to sit all day
long Dillons busy Quentin just showed up
yeah thanks for nothing I'm just kidding
at least you're here we're definitely
gonna have to do something to dylan cuz
he's a rascal
yeah I'll prank Dylan till he freakin
bleep we're gonna do something to his
car problem but yeah I mean I already
have my thumbnail title I think so we're
basically he's gonna mess around
Oh kill em kill em kill them out of the
helicopter couple a couple I guess we
did do some productive stuff because we
hung up the clickbait banner it's in the
downstairs living room that some people
walk through sometimes and then these
from Haley we hung them on the wall we
had to set random because you know
they're not a plaque but they are on a
stick
so they have their own special spot so
we will drive to Walmart now because
we're gonna prank Dylan that's that's
just gonna happen I'm gonna take the
Challenger cuz you know it's still very
very awkward driving my RA I tried to
drive it today but people just stare and
people call the cops fuck you know two
mile an hour over but that's enough
complaining for today I think let's go
get some saran wrap or something to just
wrap his car in
I see the subs are still working mic a
second one bro my phone is literally
about to fall out of my shorts we just
walked by some workers in the toilet
paper aisle I I don't feel good by last
yeah let's just grab a ton of them 200
feet 800 feet wait we need duct tape to
to just really grind his gears we found
the tape oh we won't get invisible tape
so I didn't know uh super heavy-duty
he's never gonna see it coming alright
it's official we're idiots there's a
giant thing of rap right there that's a
ton bro
I was thinking the same thing bro I kind
of need a new outfit we could sneak in
ninja style alright that's enough
here's a life hack whenever you check it
out here in a rush oh you sure you got a
Superman costume there is no better
place to change into a ninja outfit how
dare are they coming to my changing
their listen of the weekends because
there's like eight parts of it do you
think he's gonna be a onesie I thought
it was at the top I think this thing's
huge
unless I'm supposed to be a pirate being
good for treating this year I might
actually do you driving home can be so
fun I don't know what this is is there a
picture oh it's my sash yeah black belt
no that'll tighten your waist and you
won't look so fat thick I mean you call
me fat no no just yellow you already
made a scene
okay I'm a ninja this time alright guys
see ya Dylan's house look at that moon
look at that bold hey stop we sped here
I'm hearing the police sirens kind of
scared guys we are at Dylan's house his
car is in front of all these I don't
know why there's so many but there's a
lot there's the red rocket we're gonna
wrap it bro they're probably on the
basement we can be as loud as we want
and take as long as we want
there you go go quick my straps flying
in the way Dylan has two set of friends
over and they're all even and they
better not text him and say yo you're
getting pranked fam it's actually
working decently well like we gotta just
thicken it up yeah why so we have two
options here we just let it sit and
inconvenience him in the morning when he
has to be somewhere or we go tell him
now and then he comes outside and rips
it off and then he's not really
bamboozled but then we get his reaction
I think we'll probably go with the
second with my strap is stuck under his
car and my strap-on is nowhere to be
found I can see why people do this it's
so far that's right up and over there's
still so much I got it held down with my
bulb knows that by the way guys
subscribe to Quentin for helping me
let's close 12 minutes on 12 minutes
this is taking a while alright guys I'm
gonna set this down let's time-lapse it
you
time for roll number two
we're finishing up the second letter
should be coming out I mean watch people
are leaving maybe he's just an aside and
going to bed but we'll wake him up
feeling me antenna want to come over
what is it
well where's Tanner at means you we need
to show you something what come with me
be wrapped it and everything oh did you
wrap my car
how many sees a thick is it oh my gosh
how what were you guys doing this no we
saw it a lot left why are you just like
a ninja no why do you think your night
going have fun with your new rat I don't
know why you take it off so quick I
wasn't invited to the party what the
heck that was a good show I do like that
show you got her sock you got her sock
you might need to give that back we just
wrapped Dylan's car it was pretty funny
I became a ninja anyway um
Nona come here join us join us right now
drop the sock and join us over here it's
a Friday and it feels like a Monday
doesn't it and back to the subject of
people coming to our house I touched on
it a little bit so there's this old
house built into a hill in this tiny
tiny town it's like 40 minutes from here
it was the first house I ever lived in I
was there from whenever I was born to
when I was like - right second house
it's just really cool has a ton of land
that backs up to a creek it's pretty rad
has a pond it's got some other stuff
basically it's just really private so
we've thought about maybe selling this
house going back there if we ever sold
this house we'd have to do a lot of work
but I've literally never even moved into
this room it's a disaster yeah
yeah privacy's great but then if you're
out in the middle of nowhere and there's
no cops to call yeah that's kind of
scary
yeah it's like Roman Atwood asked to
have 24-hour cops around his house
that's just crazy ridiculous it
literally thought about it though we've
had yes I know in 24 hours
try to get to our house in the last 24
hours oh I didn't even tell about the
hot tub whatever the person that
actually called the cops on those kids
earlier was working on our hot tub and
apparently there was kids sneaking
around the other side trying to get in
that way and he saw him so that's why
the cops are called not on the people
that were waiting out front but our
neighbors got disturbed yesterday
they're locked on their door someone
tried to get in our backyard today then
we got it's just it's it's just been
ridiculous I get it you're part of the
tan clan I think that's amazing but our
neighbors don't think it's amazing but
feeling unsafe is not what the tan clans
about okay everybody should feel safe
including our neighbors even though
they're not the best standard mention
about our the HOA president coming to
our house and you know he was speeding
in the neighborhood don't condone that
at all we apologize for that he's
apologized for that never ever ever ever
will I condone that
but that individual came on to our house
after dark and our garage literally
scared the living daylights out of
Taylor yeah she actually did she has
been freaked out ever since so to have
people coming on our property it just is
unnerving and I think anybody else would
feel the same way so that's that's
really where it comes from who's trying
to get day at me oh no we're in a weird
spot right now hopefully by the time I'm
like 20 out of my life figured out
that'd be dope do you think I do you're
wrong it's hard when you're 17 because
all you want to do is hang out with your
friends and go have a good time but your
friends are kind of all over the globe
literally til it's too cool for us Gwen
has a girlfriend I need a new one of
those a new girl yeah but yeah we are
gonna go ahead and in this video here I
said tell you guys that I hope you guys
enjoy it and thank you guys so much for
watching and don't forget around if you
enjoyed subscribe for new no see guys
the next one Candice is boring and I'm
trying to think of a video idea tomorrow
grandma reacts to super Carla I don't
know
it's two minutes to fit the algorithm on
YouTube
mom joining Oh make make that make that
joining ready all three of us harmonized
harmonizing harmonized okay we're
probably only 11 minutes now it's just
all right thanks for watching
