I'm ordering an uber give me a second
takes a while come on guys today we're
back and I don't care what anyone says
I'm drinking the hotel water and if it's
sparkling I'm gonna be upset it's good
it's very good good job
Tamara let's write the water while our
uber gets here yeah it tastes like tap
water yeah but it was good because it's
$20 guys I think no bald caps are needed
for today's video I mean let's just take
our fancy hotel water and we are going
right now we're about to hop in an uber
as you guys see my thumbnail title whole
crab Herman in a way let's go let's go
let's go I'm gonna be getting a tattoo
today because I've wanted a tattoo again
ever since I got my first one there
addicting and I think they're dope I
don't want to be a blank canvas from a
whole life bro I've had this one in mine
for a long long time and there's like
multiple reasons behind it it's blurred
out in the thumbnail but you guys will
see what I'm getting whenever we get
there are you coming are you coming
let's go this is the second vlog of the
day by the way if you missed yesterday's
vlog we went back to the house with the
cliffs met it was Zach and we did giant
umbrellas with cliff jumping it was my
weight was include jumping with giant
umbrellas and I'm high bro we keep
ruining the hotel let's just all right
clean-up on aisle four best $20 I ever
spent
what look at my paint oh my gosh I'm
very sorry son chips please and a
cheaper water we just rushed out of the
hotel
uber is not even here like I just I just
paid you all hated I overpaid bro
where's those out of 20 says $20.50 here
does another five and we walk away our
canceled and now we're getting a new one
like what we definitely had time did
they figure out we were going to yeah
we're going back to Romeo studio the guy
that tattooed this on me you know the
tattoo everybody already knows and that
on him the Cindy he's just really good I
trust him so I'm gonna have him put
something on my body probably right here
and Dylan and I are gonna practice our
acting skills in the zubur
improv you'll see you guys look how many
ubers are around us and another one just
cancelled
ten minutes later we're still here
indeed minutes late that's it yep he
this guy who's this various famous that
I want to go see real accost coming from
we're from Maine
what do you do the rest of the time my
mattress
yeah yeah what else yeah yeah EDM music
that's not what's gonna move your blue
nightmare nightmare nightmare nightmare
ni ght and me are you okay forming is
way better in school that kicked out in
middle school and then I just started
wrapping up really not here no my name's
cool we're not to deal with it Maine is
still our main place yeah thank you yeah
thanks so much oh my god guys we named
Taylor Tabitha we kept this thing going
that we're from Maine I was the funniest
thing in the world I didn't record all
of it because it was just too funny hey
what's back in the amazing studio guys
why we wait we're gonna play a little
bit of find the people yeah who's left
we found this person this person this
person we got to find Jamie Jess he's
our last guy I have no idea I'm more
stressed out about this book than the
tattoo I think so I think I know
so it sounds kind of random but we're
actually still debating like the tattoo
I know what I'm gonna get but I don't
know what I'm gonna get I don't know
what design like there's there's a bunch
of different options I'm trying to
figure it out this was like a three-day
la trip and I wanted it done he got the
hook-up so I'm trying to figure it out
sound look cool I'm Larry I'm thinking
that one yeah
yeah so we think we found the spa it's
gonna be like up there where the blue
sharpie is you know start right there
and go - right here - Michelle or just
show them during the process yeah you
can you can't see me finally mom is here
with the food bro I just want to say
thank you I love you know they're
waiting you want to see how big it's
gonna be
I go from ha yeah and I'm just gonna go
reach to the front look cool
Wow I'm gonna be red my mom agrees that
means you guys can't get mad in the
comments and leave a storm of comments
that are like wow you've changed my
doing through that with the first one
okay now I got like two minutes I'm
gonna eat my food and then we're getting
tatted bro must watch this whole time so
it's not a bad shot dude I had a lot of
baby here and slip because they're all
leaving gone though I am a man it's gone
without you almost be a romantic level
yeah
yeah yeah here we go this is not gonna
hurt as bad as my ribs
yeah that fun pain
today is gonna be the day that they're
gonna throw it back to you
now you should've somehow realized why
the
I don't believe
he feels the way I do
about you now
how are you doing I'm good brah check it
out outline is done this is where Romeo
starts to do his magic magic yeah
I love how it goes on the tricep hi-c
the little blood droplets hey don't
forget to get my beard in the Edit thank
you
so we're taking our little break he's
gonna eat his dinner I'm gonna love my
tattoo bleed for a little bit and we
just got to talk in my family and I am
we were talking about fan pages on
Instagram and stuff and I've realized
like I see a lot of fan pages that are
actually like negative and I don't
understand I guess you have your own
opinion this stuff I know I have a
scruffy beard you can tell me that
stupid I know it is I just don't have a
razor with me but I see stuff about the
tattoos I guess that's a little
understandable they say things about
Dylan look at Dylan okay
I love Dylan Cubs do not love dilma I
think the stuff back and forth with
Dylan is hilarious you guys saw if you
watched till the end of the pool segment
it was hilarious like I died anything
how is this before oh oh we're in we're
gonna work okay
that is the content I like creative I
like making funny stuff I see so many
things for like Wyatt why isn't this in
the floor why aren't wiring why isn't he
in law remember I tried to put Dona
Quinton in the vlogs like all the time
it's their choice if they want to come
over and be in unlike they're welcome
anytime they can walk at my house
anytime they want but I just want to
address it I think more fan pages should
be like artistic make cool stuff I'm not
putting you down if you don't have like
artistic abilities or stuff just try to
make like uplifting things just be
constructive be nice to each other like
the whole point of a fan pages to be
positive to me and my family and just
everybody around us people like bring me
down be like wise to doing this and I
don't understand why you'd have a fan
page I see family it's like exposing me
or whatever even though I'm a good child
I'm a normal teenager I have a lot of
reasons for this tattoo I've been
thinking about forever I was actually
gonna make this my first tattoo but I
didn't know where I wanted it so I went
with the rose and I loved the roads and
all of you guys have grown to love the
rose too like it's just I don't know how
many more tattoos I'm gonna get but I
mean who cares if I buy cool shoes
it's cuz I like cool shoes sometimes I
feel like I have to explain every single
thing I do but I just like to keep you
guys informed what's on my mind
sad that I have to explain everything
that he does but so he doesn't get
attacked yeah the reason I feel like I
have to sometimes is cuz there's people
that watch the vlogs just to attack you
on stuff which makes no sense but look
at this though where's your sick break
ready alright cue the Edit again
look at it I'm gonna get a tattoo I'm
such a chicken I can't imagine my mom
would you tattoo guys it's just
bro that's so safe dude this is the
tattoo that we're gonna have to hear
about for the next seven I'm off to get
this one on my car
damn I'm shipping it back so we are
taping it up wrapping it up real quick
guys and then I'm gonna be chilling the
rest a night I mean I can't go swimmin
or anything but I'm completely fine with
that
Thank You Romeo for the time lapse this
video and look at the description will
be the his channel and he'll have the
full video of my tattoo and the making
and everything on his channel so go
check that out
just like the rose and yeah it looks so
freaking clean guys I'm so glad you like
it oh my god it's amazing now people
won't look at my tiny triceps they'll go
wow how nice tattoo Joe it's not
midnight we're back in we have some kids
they fixed it they glued it back on if I
stand on it real quick
cool man I didn't film with the other
day but some other things went down in
this hot tub with me and Dillon there
was a lot of blood I didn't film any of
it cuz I already had the vlog and it was
very gross but do one how to nosebleed
they just kept going kept going and kept
on the hot tub was literally red you
think he's around here yep yeah tattoo
can not go in the hot tub that's the one
bad thing I got a chill with half my
body ow I remember after I got my Rose
tattoo for the next five days after
every shower burned horribly I hope it's
not the same for this arm I don't think
it will be well is there anything
interesting we should do in here I mean
like we would have broke something you
know what I see I see a big pole
vaulting pole on the wall
so our options are dog leash pool net or
pool brush I think I think we're gonna
do well oh god I hit the ceiling are you
doing it off that brush in yeah
oh gosh yeah watch out for the ceiling
look how close they all right janitor
just walked past I think we're good with
the brush in he got caught back that's
over you saw nothing pie dude real quick
real quick just to set the chair jump
off quick quick quick quick quick
we're cheating guys we are not gonna
break this again that that would
actually be mean just remember guys this
piece of this wall has been in the
toilet
you guys drifting off to bed soon but
yeah we were gonna go ahead and in this
video here huh I hope you guys enjoyed
it thank you so much for watching and
don't forget if I can tear the friends
tree enjoyed subscribe you're new or not
see guys
you just maybe
