beginning of this vlog before it starts
guys we have an important announcement
from Kim brogard herself accessory
accessories T Branca calm Oh
dude those look dope can I have one yes
you can't okay okay so if you spend $30
you get $65 for the product fifty you
get a hundred bucks worth
that's not fair to us there's an item
that's never been released before and
all of those things and just really cool
stuff so go check it out go check it out
t burger come and then we have new
posters new posters we have Tanner and
rose oh yeah dude I'm happy we were
hugging in that I like it I like it is
that it let's get into the vlog okay
yeah sure anything you want there's me
and we just released Tristan's first
merch holographic visitor Tristan's
actual eyes it looks so much better in
person that does yeah yeah I've seen you
in person guys it's way better that's
awesome okay Kristen Brown got on
YouTube continue with the vlog now right
no more give up well guys it kind of
sucks that I'm bald now but yesterday's
video was freakin hilarious so if you
missed it Co watch it right now Howie
Mandel I let Howie Mandel shave my head
I mean look at me ah what's up ten clan
oh you thought I was gonna throw a
banana off my balcony and litter well
you're wrong I'm throwing it away into
that trash can down there
perfect
you know that sense is doing that to me
- why are you going on guys today we're
back and today we're about to jump off
some clips we're going to this guy's
house you like my outfit today mom
pretty dope huh want to give me my
medicine oh that's vape juice I'll be
able to fly by the end of that bottle oh
yeah I love being an eighty right now
awesome - oh I'm sorry guys gotta take
my old man pills we gotta hurry just
repeating Zach at this really awesome
guy's house his name is Courtney we've
been there before there's clubs in the
backyard it's gonna be freaking dope my
family aren't you yeah we're not really
a youtube family we're a normal high
let's go come on guys we're gonna be
late hurry mom run the elevators going
morning jog I wonder if any of these
people are in the tan plant is his ball
he might be day two with the 2015
challenger r/t how are you gonna get in
there mom yeah it's pretty bad but yeah
I hope you guys are all having a great
day today I don't even know if I said
that I kept this razor that how we
shaved my head with because how he
touched it he also touched my hair I'm
never getting another haircut again Oh
true for mail by the end of the year
I'll shave my head for real hey we're
gonna be a tiny bit late because we had
bald people problems okay yeah okay
sweet I see yeah I love Zach
the casual 15 cars are still sitting in
his driveway in his basketball court
last time I came here I didn't really
give a good house tour I'm guessing I
won't give one this time there's just
too much house to give old game of oh I
love this place so much guys we are back
in the backyard cliffs yo you can't see
the bottom right now this looks awesome
this is straight out of Pirates of the
Caribbean the 30-foot deep pool I'm
ready to send yes are you out here
exploring yeah thank you mom guess what
I brought one camera battery of 20% for
the whole day the only bad thing guys is
the hot tub is empty I mean I wasn't
gonna use it anyway probably I'm content
right now I'm going to pee in his cave
gosh dude this is insane freakin show
guys we just fell this water it is
ice-cold we're gonna do a quick photo
shoot in the new dibs clothing and I
only brought one camera battery so we're
gonna have to do this kind of quick I'm
gonna go get a new battery but we're
gonna start the Edit
we will show
you
for this on
to go
guys are super sitting on his camera we
have to quit
Hey
we had my mom run to Walmart and we just
got a huge umbrella we're about to try
to see if it slows me down because we
didn't click jumping with an umbrella a
long time ago and it didn't really work
because it was really small but check it
out we got a patio over
MARY POPPINS on steroids it's blinking
red Hey
and why she slowed me down too much
tighter let go we're gonna pull me on my
back bro I'm gonna try it again be Spice
umbrella yeah they are what's ruined -
Rommel well you were right about the
zoom oh I'm telling you that didn't I
I got the color for I got the quick that
one no I'm not fair
wait wait we're trusting you here can
you handle such a thing okay
okay I'm gonna try to hold on to it this
time guys it's hard to hang on to it I
just didn't want to get impaled so I let
go
it's not safe stifling snappy umbrella
working Wow
Dylan's climbing up to the top don't hit
me with your armor hello babies oh yeah
that get a dope picture I need some for
Instagram three no it's not possible
we're gonna eat real quick and then we
got to go goodbye beautiful pool
goodbye trickling waterfall goodbye
Dylan oh wait you're come with us
dammit we got some dibs clothing and
we're heading out thank you for the
photos and thank you for letting me use
your camera the zoom is very fun we're
back in the hotel you thought he was
gonna throw that shoe off the window D
sorry excuse for about by now it's not
even that high it's five story if we
tried a water bottle fuck dude I jump
into my pool at this height here we go
all right what if it lands then I'm
getting my youtube-channel
deal or should you try to make it in
that trash can cuz littering
no way oh I meant that trash can not
that trash can - get the big green one
oh I was choked for the little guy is
there another bottle I'm sorry Taylor
okay the boss yeah what's not Taylor
that's your water let's grab that face
this counts as a bottle there you go
I don't have any fat poops have happened
are you going are you going for the
green trash gun for the actual big trash
see I didn't know you're in no way it's
making it if you do make it you can play
I am the one the one the one the one do
i get if i may get Dylan I don't really
have a channel that's worth it to you so
three two one don't worry we're gonna go
pick up the bottles or we'll just yell
at the guy down there to do it these
don't have any cars here we go
Tayla get out of that bathroom I need to
shave my scruffy beard if you want your
water bottle it's in the top of the
trash can
even though every time I shave I get
little freaking razor burn not even
pimples or just piss me off you're gonna
have to throw one of those on by the way
yes thank you missed you look like it
will you character I found a razor I
don't even know if they're shaving cream
bro that is that is hairspray girls
shave their legs were so yeah I had a
girlfriend one time I I don't know if I
can shave you know I think I might just
keep growing it out and we're gonna go
ahead in this video here because I gotta
start on my other video this smells bad
gonna smell no you're trying to get me
to smell in the lobby you know that now
smell it I'll smell it man to get some
props this video interview I can't with
furniture you enjoyed subscribe your new
and also get
you just maybe
