what is going on guys today we're back
and today we have Wi-Fi so I'm gonna
make a video I had Wi-Fi one day of this
trip so far we're like two and a half
days in right now the only thing you
guys missed was me going to this
Lamborghini dealership and looking at my
dream car you guys already know the
azure blue Lamborghini Aventador LP
700-4 is my absolute dream car since I
was like 12 years old so this was
yesterday okay guys we just went by
Gucci wasted a tiny bit of money but
this is not a waste let's go it's a
rocketship has the dual panels haha this
is a dream car and it's right in front
of me push to start
it's quieter than the alright the
previous owner closed the exhaust valve
so of course it's quieter than my
alright right now but it's a v12 alright
it is a v10 oh my god let's go back
inside
I also put a Cool Edit on Instagram of
course Instagram doesn't have copyright
so I could use a cool song here's one
second of that
I asked you guys what you thought of the
car I think it's amazing I went and I
drove it obviously that car is like half
my house back home in Kansas what a
waste of money and I already have my
favorite car in the whole world right
now it has my tattoo on it and I think I
basically talked myself out of it for
now at least with the help of all these
young gentlemen before we go to the
desert someone do something like a
backflip so people know this blog is
gonna be so cool yo let me borrow that
deodorant when you're done I'm gonna
skip a shower today because today we're
going to a lake it has a zip line I
guess I should probably bring swim
trunks cuz YouTube's not gonna like my
usual underwear thing we're going to
g-rated vlogs now there's gonna be dirt
bikes there's gonna be sand dunes it's
in the middle of the desert and Courtney
one of the owners of dibs is the one
that owns the whole place it's basically
like a private lake so I'm like I'm down
we're gonna go spend a day there but we
all need to wake up
we're in the middle of nowhere we
literally in the middle of nowhere
everything here looks dead the dude
ranch all right we got the g-wagen I
just saw a mile away
I've never seen an RA as dirty as mine's
been an
we are where they store all the gypsies
and votes we all know what happened last
time I get on a dirt bike and if you
don't I crashed twice within like five
minutes but it's looking like the only
option I don't see any four-wheeler
no the cars were so pretty
whoa oh my god jack that was a good
front flip come on Dylan come on and oh
my god it's cold I'm not giving in I
don't know turn around oh my gosh John
you need to go to the hospital now he's
like broken he just probably all whew it
you're gonna freeze it in I'm already
home oh my god
you definitely died on that one
just hold on a little bit longer she's
wrecked
I think something's broken and now it is
Dylan a nice turn to write our little
guy yeah these are this prototype you
guys cannot see them yet but they are
amazing next level completely outrageous
you'll love it I've got my phone in case
anything happens
what's not Jason so I got like a little
bit of practice maybe five minutes
Bailey wants me to drive in a straight
line like I did in my car and he wants
to flip over me again hopefully it goes
the plan Hey
let me see this unbelief I went show
early Wow somebody else want to be
driving a Zack Stern going in with the
Superman pose
it's all in here
well guys I think we're done with the
dirt bikes I didn't really feel much cuz
I can't film and ride I'm not that good
don't think I ever will be but I did get
a pretty sick pic yeah I even got out of
first gear he wrapped up his hands yeah
they were a bit bloody what happened she
got a little bit more confident than she
thought she had about also the zip line
has a keypad on it so we weren't able to
actually get on it and use it water's
cold though so we didn't really miss out
on much and we crashed some dirt bikes I
don't know where we're gonna stay we
might stay here tonight we might drive
back
YouTube might not like this one oh dude
you're getting rekt today yeah I took
one for the team for no reason Dylan
Dylan get up you're missing the sunset
where are we going you need to actually
get home before you sleep on the way
home that's true she is be trapped her
axe
goodbye cool house we will definitely
revisit you in the summer and goodbye
whoever's walking in the mirror Dylan
good night yes I love you too sounds
good I'm operating a spaceship let's go
one eternity later 9 p.m. has never felt
so late I just drove three hours in the
dark with all the boys in the back and
we jammed out it was actually pretty fun
we are now unloading our bags that we
packed because we thought we were
staying in there but we're not is there
any Paul Jewish maker we all too tired
visited Paul's hometown today saw the
area 51 do your thing were you run into
the wall oh but yeah guys we're going to
bed thank you for watching subscribe
don't forget like each other better view
drugs
you just maybe
