Oh God my phone fell what is he all my
guys today we're back and today I need
to remember to say Dan Flynn how do i
word it mom I don't know what you're
wrong I remember I don't know how to
start a vlog yet but I remembered the
Tang Clan what's up tank Lane so we are
back in our go-to hotel same hotel we
always stay at we are do not call our
room we are in California today am I
like dark because this right yeah we are
in California today and today we're
meeting a special bald guy as you guys
see by the title it's not the rug we are
about to leave him we're about to drive
to go meet at Howie Mandel because for
some reason he wanted to meet me sounds
like alright I'll fly out here what's
let's meet up what's hangout yeah I took
two days off YouTube because if you guys
watch yesterday's video I had some
important stuff to do so if you guys
missed this video right here go check it
out it was a really good video but today
we have a normal vlog yeah we're meeting
the guy who did America's Got Talent and
Deal or No Deal
oh and a lot of other stuff before you
were born oh yeah you know he used to
have hair before he was a comedian all
right should we go show my rental car
yes we should you know we didn't bring
Tristan but it's almost like we did say
we're taking forever what is my shirt
smell like popcorn
Taylor smell my shirt smells like
popcorn so the rental car situation huh
why do we always end up with we got a
cool car
first time ever get in there Taylor look
at this guys we got a 2015 or 16
Challenger and my mom gets to drive it
and now she wants one I think mine's
cooler you know mine's got the leather
seats 100th anniversary edition but I
mean this one's alright whatever
whoo listen to her purr or for real
though guys this car is huge look look
how much camera room I have like I can
literally set it wherever I want how do
you like driving about
my mom's currently hitting count is
surprisingly low so far on this trip
maybe you're meant for one of these cars
I think we're in the right place but
it's also kind of sketchy but I also see
two Ferraris and there's a Huracan I've
never seen one of these in person oh my
god
Murcielago a mean man yelled at me and
told me not to film his Lamborghini haha
it's an / good meme oh no way he is
Employee of the Month every month Deal
or No Deal Chester's yeah very nice
office
tanner sister Taylor how are ya good to
see you aye Taylor hi tanner everybody
got a tea what's your first name I'm
gonna have you do the honors what is it
what is it James oh my god oh you want
me to shave your head yeah for his log
he wants me to shave his head real quick
before I get my hair cut I'm gonna do
what's in the box challenge I'm
surprised this much to trust I'm ready
I'm ready where's the little box so this
is gonna be my view Powys bistro table
all right any animal I don't think so I
don't want to do this anymore
am i good to throw the shirt yeah don't
look down look okay all right
ready with both hands low real slow take
your time I wear this the whole yeah is
it taller on the ground no I just I just
don't trust you guys oh it's hairy - the
hairs coming on I'm interested all right
they're loading up the second thing I
have to go out of the room I don't know
what it's gonna be but this is not my
favorite game Wow wait wait we'll look
at all these beautiful posters he's
head's way shinier than I must say I
like your fridge all right let's see
this is a pretty good video but he's
going guys today we're racking today
have an a great day begin with another
rule I don't like to spend hours on
YouTube but I'll spend hours on the
refrigerator yeah hurry up I'm stressing
out Oh a little low yeah you can put
your hands do like that you won't touch
it
really yeah if I cheat you your hands
well I did it okay
Oh am i done is it lower yeah yeah yeah
I'm on the floor
easy by the back for you it's not kind
of snake it has to be enjoy win if I get
angry more touch more okay
trying to pick it up no no I thought
that was an actual like snake real snake
Canon over the camera no my mom I'll be
honest with you I part I've never really
used one of these what is this - there
is this thing don't figure it out okay
I'm ready I'm ready when you are I think
what this does is this uh-oh it's a
triangle go through this okay wait wait
I know they started that I'll start at
the neck I did it at once I'm really gay
okay you see yeah I'm back at the
barbershop okay so uh leaning into it
it's gonna look horrible is it you know
what you'll first just a second can does
somebody have like
give me a wet nothin worry about just
get me out like a tissue cut like up the
cup yeah ground look at the ground guys
look what he did that I know that's a
clean grande shirt too
look it's not a mint is around I got it
on that Clippers you're not showing in
the back of my head either
not till they let me finish it's gonna
look snow it already looks to me it
doesn't look so the plan was to shave my
head not cut my head tonight can I get
somebody cleaned up but you would at
least get yeah the Bloods off the pool
all right let me fit you have like a
shower or something of it now it's in
office hours so let me finish okay just
don't cut you know what I'm gonna do
there's blood all over your shirt
Oh God okay get a new shirt and a fan
yeah I'm a new shirt so we had to leave
we're headed to the hospital real quick
you guys I'm just kidding my head my
head's fine now we were gonna keep the
joke going and like maybe actually shave
my head but here's the thing I shaved my
head for real whenever I had five
thousand subscribers and insert clip why
can't we wear hats in schools no I was
ugly for a long time do you know how
hard it was to gain subscribers when I
was that ugly besides that the only way
I will shave my head for real I'll fly
back out here and have how we do it is
if we hit four million subscribers
before the end of the year is it
possible I don't know so feel free to
share some videos with your friends if
you want to see me bald actually you
probably don't so just never mind my
shirt still smells like popcorn for
anybody wondering
Howie Mandel is
you think oh he's awesome thanks Howie
so we're back in the hotel yeah we tried
to put on a bald cap it didn't work we
bought one for the guy I'm not meant to
be bald
so yeah it's dark outside now and we're
waiting for Dylan Hawk to get here
tomorrow's gonna be a big day he's
joining us and guys right now we're
spying on my brother dogs made a mess
that's pretty typical and I ears always
leave this light on at night I do I
don't even go upstairs bro and then
those light bulbs burn out and then a
real pain to change so and you'll
probably be in his k-state shirt in his
black yeah play this live shirt you were
right
he's waving well you got the black
shorts right but whose playlist live she
even remember the like well good night
sleepy heads it's only midnight but
Dylan's here we're gonna go take a dip
hell yeah we're sorry we're gonna have
to sneak in yeah I know right we're
asking again what sneaking I think I've
been to this pool like five or six times
my back flipped into that for a
thumbnail a long time ago sorry if my
enthusiasm is low it's actually really
late it's almost midnight so we have the
pool to ourselves for a little bit I
really gotta pee
that run away from the camera up and
then go end it so Dylan and Tanner and I
a long time ago we went and we'd like
climbed on this hotel roof we put a
couch up against the wall I didn't vlog
it because it was probably illegal but
we put a video on Twitter of us after we
actually got up there and jumped I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to find it so
I might leave it out but go follow me on
Twitter everyone guards Hannah anyway
there's no ledges to be found and this
is an indoor pool it's kind of suck
there's that I mean that's pretty fuckin
dope we're working with three and a half
feet I'm liking this right here yeah
you're getting some assistance but just
like the thing by Michael bit my house
dude this one's loose now look at it
alright let's slide it back on nothing
happened the hotel is not fans of my
videos they won't see this oh my oh oh
we're in we're good okay okay we're
gonna have to glue this I don't know
what to do with this we're criminals now
okay yeah
I'm a good guy why is it not sticky how
is it sticking there in the first place
how did you stand on it that long let's
just push it really hard against here I
think we're out here I think I think we
did it three let's just not go metal
it's cuz you flushed it down the diamond
oh yeah yeah jerk off maybe the chair
didn't work I just go get a towel and
set it right here yeah yeah yeah I don't
even know if it's gonna taste really
that's good that's like whoa I think
that's good effort alright it's say
that's like how you completed high
school okay we're gonna get we will
actually fix this we'll figure it out
but for now we're gonna go ahead in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it sorry it's all that going BFD gear so
much force in this video and overview
the bike and friends to humours
subscribe subscribe
you just maybe I don't think it works
cuz you already bald listen who are you
to Justin
