oh boy it got really guys it is very
cold outside what is going on guys today
we were back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day how long have
we had this plan for I don't even I'm
not sure I've been talking to the mother
for a couple of months a couple months
plan has been together for a couple
weeks so today is a very special day
because I have the honor of meeting
someone it's not through make-a-wish is
it's through you guys talking and
meeting each other basically we're
taking a plane in Minneapolis today and
I gotta meet this girl named Haylie
she's 17 years old and she has ALS also
known as Lou Gehrig's disease a lot of
you guys probably remember the ALS ice
bucket challenge well that's the disease
that she has for those of you that don't
know it's basically where you slowly
lose control of your body it's just
really sad and it usually impacts people
like over 40 holy crap it's bright never
young people so whenever we got this
email from Hayley's mom we decided we're
taking our first opportunity at first
she was gonna fly down to us but it's
hard for her to get around on planes so
today we're taking this private plane
and we are flying straight to her I'll
have more information about the people
providing the plane they're friends of
ours
doing us a huge favor so
so we don't know yeah she might not want
to be in the vlog I don't know but I
just wanted to tell you guys like that's
what we're doing today I didn't upload
yesterday because I knew I was going to
be waking up really early this morning
and flying on the small plane to her so
I wasn't gonna have time to edit or
upload fine Wi-Fi I was just gonna focus
on this is this the small airport with
the restaurant oh you know my outfit
might still be bad but at least it
matches today the only airplane I see so
I think it's that one this my spot yeah
cool Lucy exits attack you're in there
I'm in the emergency exit row yeah
we see a guy in a van already at the
airport this is like a private Airport
for private jets and for you know
airplane small airplanes this thing can
you have a new goal now I don't know why
would be cool mom this is the same type
of van than we had in LA stopping at
Subway even though this isn't California
I mean we have the van we have the
subway so the whole family is super nice
we're about a block away from their
house right now I didn't know if it was
gonna be a surprise or not but she does
know that we're coming because they had
to tell her so she could get prepared by
the way guys this is Peyton and then
London peyton is Dylan's daughter Dylan
everybody's named Dylan Dylan's the
pilot so yeah and then there's David
back there all right guys here we are we
are here piling out right now oh yes
don't worry about your shoes don't worry
about anything hi how are you oh my god
I love it I love it how are you good
yeah I've been talking to your dad and
he told me that I should ask you what
you wanted to do they want to be in the
water do you want to be in the vlog yeah
maybe do some recording and we can see
it and see what you think I
yeah so we brought you more merch okay
oh yeah the other times you got
everything C clickbait hoodie already
has the original what's up and you said
he looks like three dads did you like
the whole Wheel of Fortune thing and
stuff I'm down to do whatever you want
if you want me to go get you anything
like some people like vlog cameras
anything like that it's all yours
anything you want yeah I'm your servant
for the next however long you want
we did some we made some cool little
things okay okay
so Minnesota here we're known for our
State Fair it's like one of the biggest
that's beautiful here's the one that we
think I don't ever want to see that
again
I love how everybody is that picture of
you it's the only one that's been your
facebook forever if you want me to I'll
do another scare prank with the baby
mask of my mom
I think you said a couple questions
what's heck yeah I'll let you in on
anything all right I'll read them on
join me for this interview buddy so you
can do interview what are you liking
Kansas that you don't like in California
I like being able to drive on an open
road because you just can't there's just
too much traffic I just can't stand it
he speeds too much yeah I do
absolutely too fast for them what has
motivated you to be the person that you
are today
you looking at her she's right there one
of my main inspirations is my mom and I
just have a lot of good friends that's
the most important thing you can have is
people that are higher up than you so
you can you know look at them and be
inspired but then also I've like your
close friends that have been there since
the beginning thanks for coming and I
have to say that all right Cara reveal
is probably my favorite video of yours
other than you and Tanner Fox Racing
well thank you all there is not losses
because he tuned his car okay and your
r8 stock to get the GTR will beat it
yeah I'm well aware of this video to
make it easy oh they're right here and
they're dirty as ever why am I the one
giving gifts no you've been keeping up
with the vlogs and yeah I haven't
mentioned these button one ever so all
right thank you I didn't know this was
online tanner street a Minnesota
thank you Oh a slingshot when I sleep
sighs yeah it's a moose - hey did you
know that Big Time Rush guys in the show
were from Minnesota
Guns and Roses Appetite for Destruction
no I don't this is slash with the roses
and the guns thank you you just reminded
me that I have to start I mean I have to
start calling you guys the tan Clinton
with two N's on tan and two ends on Klan
because I saw a top comment I've tweeted
about it it's gonna happen I just gotta
get it in my mind in the groove are you
a member me yeah we're gonna go play a
game of wheel of fortune she's gonna
beat me because I'll play spin there we
go thank you
750 all right now I got a guess mm-hmm
let's go with team I got one my
attention it's game over for one she
again she did I told you that she's a
pro there's no we're gonna play one more
round of this and I think buy some shoes
I need some shoes for Minnesota and then
we get back on a plane all right like
here it was so nice meeting you thank
you so much okay thank you it was fun
playing in wheel of fortune I've got
your address so I'll send her that shirt
yep I think any new merch is coming your
way
sound good awesome
so glad you reached you know where to
find us send a message if you need
anything yeah all right thank you so
much we'll see you later hey are you
okay
see you later we are now in the second
biggest mall in North America something
this is way more than a mall holy crap
this place is ridiculous
yeah we are some day our malls back home
we're so glad trampoline because he
turns 13 tomorrow we got a picture in
there
I'm currently buying these Easy's and
the other shoe of my pair is in this
machine for his life I've never had this
happen but that just proves there's
really zis in there that's why it's five
dollars to play I've wanted this pair
forever but you've been vouched for me
they would not have them anywhere online
I tried it all right yeah these are the
one thank you so much for coming you
really appreciate it banner thank you
thank you very much yeah have no idea
what this meant really thank you yeah
that point doesn't make guys look small
alright guys we are back home now we
just got off the plane we drove home we
had some dinner and now we are relaxing
this has been a crazy day like we
literally just woke up straight to a
plane straight there we had such an
awesome day with you so thank you so
much Haley stuff like this inspires me
so much like I don't even know how to
explain it it blows my mind like she
would want to meet me can't even explain
it but oh my god thank you so much Haley
for today you are the best person in the
world no doubt and yeah I just wanted to
say thank you so much to Troy and Jenny
Palmer for letting us use their plane
that was actually their plane and Bill
in the pilot you know who flew us they
just did that as a favor to us and the
last thing I want to mention is there's
going to be a charity link down below
for ALS that is the disease that Haley
has and right now it's a hundred percent
not curable I'm gonna leave the link
down below where you guys can donate
this will help people that already have
ALS get them like equipment basically
make them more mobile if they don't have
the money for it so that they can keep
being independent with their life and
everything like that and I just think
it's a really good cause so definitely
check out that link if you guys can and
we're gonna have a normal vlog tomorrow
so thank you guys so much for staying
tuned and watching all the vlogs but
yeah I think you guys so much for
watching this video and don't forget
leave like and show the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe if you knew and I'll
see you guys the next
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
