girls girls it is for 21 I wish it was
for 20 but you girls are worse than
tristin why you sleeping so much what is
going on guys today we were back and
today I hope you guys are all having a
great day literally I think it was 2 or
3 days ago I'm not sure it was 47
degrees I showed you guys in that vlog
now let's take a snapchat and see what
it is 84 degrees I need answers that's
going on my story guys don't forget to
add me on snapchat at tanner underscore
B well yeah tanner underscore B 24 but
yeah today my cousin Logan is coming
over as Jesse Bob the thumbnail title we
have a pretty fun idea that we actually
put together a few days ago we've been
saving this for a nice day like today
and we have it in our garage right now
here it is right here it is a water
trampoline this one's actually meant for
like tubing but one of our nice friends
I dropped it off and they're letting us
use it for this video I would have
gotten a full-sized like huge one but
that obviously wouldn't have fit in our
pool so we went with this one I'm pretty
sure it doesn't have any holes in it
that's not 100% certain new does we'll
just duct tape it hey you're up what are
you doing the nether stare off with the
neighbor's dog I don't think they have
dogs over there waiting for her husband
to return from war she's not moving bro
she did not give it up she's gonna stay
there till the neighbors go get some
dogs and I really need your guys's
opinion on where I shouldn't hang this
up you guys know I already have the
Midwest meetup dinner I think I have two
banners actually yeah they're both in
that other room over there but where
should I hang this one up because this
is the one I got in fan mail it's
absolutely hilarious it's perfect
clickbait with patrick Star let me know
you guys see this camera right here I
don't even look like a camera but it is
a camera the whole family got this app
on our phone so we can like look at it
oh look there I am hi I'm pretty good
what about you what what did you try to
set what's that falling what are you
doing I'm gonna shut this off exactly
why y'all dressed up makeup Deb what's
the deal I did a review on finchy
beauty's new holiday galaxy collection
ah are you out here I'm out here you're
gay come on Chozen I'm hungry just
because you're gay doesn't give you an
excuse to be slow I mean you are
dyslexic but still hi mom well Shu
there's Logan now you wanna hop in and
get some Dairy Queen sure my gay full of
sin brother's taking me
mom why'd you hit my subscribers just
smacked a nurse came yeah I just smack
the out of my viewers some of them
deserve it look at how the comments on
my damn videos hi Logan's mom that's my
aunt Christy
are you fixing his makeup he's the pro
not you president slow down before the
neighborhood a head of the Neighborhood
Association catches you oh no they're
gonna get me in trouble for going the
speed limit that's weird
they did that I got stopped again and I
was going the speed limit I was like ah
yes I love Dairy Queen
I got this is this Dairy Queen what you
just did to me is making me feel like
this all I know is that the guy didn't
give me my large water and I'm probably
gonna kill his family you know what I
freakin love I love me some candles yes
I already have four but I wish I had 69
more that rhyme what do you think Logan
does my room smell good
and that ladies is why and gentlemen you
should have some candles in your room
candles are for queers here they get one
your brother is straighter than you and
you're the cream just watch Kate on
YouTube mom is this part of it or not I
don't know so I'm kind of weird attached
and I just found that whole person start
airing it up you're awesome it's getting
there slowly so we just got done hey hey
you're loud so we just got done cleaning
off the Goliath mostly and look what I
just saw there's a little hole right
here and then a little hole right here
that's a little bit bigger I don't think
those holes will grow look even another
one I'm pretty sure those are all from
the pumpkin stem it still breaks my
heart every time I see a trampoline with
a hole in it Luna let him backflip oh
dude she's got your socks she's got your
sock either did it get any bouncier
those the question
not rude
I wonder if that trampolines done almost
there
oh my gosh is perfect like I think this
is the perfect size look this is this is
everything Logan let's drag it to the
pool check it check it check it out boy
now we have one two three four we have
four in our backyard now you want to go
get changed I mean that sure looks like
dibs clothing even though it wait is it
no okay well it looks like it so you
don't want to ruin it did of clothing
calm you hooked up girl I'll hook you up
who can naked rope the world already
knows that I just women the current pair
of shorts Luca what the heck dude she's
already testing it out how did you even
get to it oh my god dude oh I like those
though he brung our signature swim
shorts see brunker calm Oh Rose wants aw
she's jealous dude Rose go jump to it oh
there she goes and now there's gonna
fight I want rose to get on but now
she's too scared she won't even jump up
onto my bed half the time I'm sorry the
neighbors got a dog or maybe they've had
it for a while there goes Luna again
thank you so they're gonna be barky back
at 4th there goes rose yeah she's in a
fighting mood everybody wow it's so
fancy no there's something about
trampolines being on water it just
doesn't go together I don't think
there's such thing as bouncy water
trampoline all I on this bro it's so
hard to keep your balance - three two
one oh god it's just so - good boat now
let's see if it's a good landing pad
though all right are you getting jump
off the first one bigger on camera
yeah that was whiplash haha thank you
say don't draw me now okay don't do that
that's a bad idea
well that's gonna be sore in the morning
or right now your turn I mean you could
try front full awesome
360 with a front flip why I know scope I
know it is I can't even explain it it's
like loose but hard at the same time
yeah side flip oh dude dude that was a
shallow end that was close why did I
have to do this stupid thing like one of
the first things like I was ready to
have some fun I've hurt my neck enough
to know that this feeling will go away
eventually it hurts like right now
let's just still go for it take it easy
this water trampoline
this gives us a give me children hero
my hands gonna be ready give my hand the
kids it hurts it hurts
No
it's up to you and that was the day
Logan saved my life okay guys we are
back in my room and I always film in
this pot because there's a mirror and I
can actually like see the back of my
camera cuz this one doesn't have a
flip-out screen now again oh there you
are
I'm guessing it's gonna be Call of Duty
family guy make out with trans Gator
kind of night sounds good to me it's
whatever but we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you so much for
watching these suggestions down below of
what videos you guys want to see I have
a lot of video ideas like hold on you
see this video ideas okay I'm not out
what I think of like a really good one
and then I'm like oh yeah I can't wait
to post it and then sometimes it doesn't
do good and then I'm my heart is broken
so leave a comment down below of what
you guys really want to see I've been
thinking maybe take my super car in the
car max and get it appraised see how
much my cars worth see if it's more than
what I bought it for or less I don't
know
take my great-grandma for a ride in my
super car I'd be funny wouldn't it oh my
god would be hilarious but yeah leave
some comments down below and thank you
so much for watching this video don't
forgive like insurance if you enjoyed
subscribe for new and I'll see you guys
next
