yes that is right guys another brand-new
car in our garage I don't even know what
kindness is I just picked it up this
morning it's pretty cool though I was
kidding guys this is my mom's friend's
car because my mom's friend has her
truck for some reason what is going on
guys today we were back and today hope
you guys are all having a great day
again with another vlog obviously you
can tell by the keys what I'm doing
right now but we need a garage door
reveal like let's do it
Rose ran away she didn't like being in
there oh yeah we're going to get
Halloween decorations that's the first
objective of the day I told my mom
yesterday we need some so she and my
sister are coming with me
whoa oh my is that what we created well
destroyed Luna are you gonna enjoy the
pumpkins now she's having to stare off
with the neighbor's dog so really quick
I want to say that I've been going so
hard on the vlogs lately if you guys
can't tell I hope you can like in
yesterday's giant trampoline versus
pumpkins like I put so much editing into
that I still had in my own videos like I
still do all that by myself I don't have
like a whole team helped me with my
videos I'm kind of just going with the
flow the comments have been so nice
lately I've been reading them again I
started reading all of them again so
thank you so much to all of you that
have been commenting that stuff but yeah
let's head to Party City
goodbye Raj wait what the heck is in
here bro
oh yeah we're still here so it's been a
few hours we went and we went what this
is all what y'all set up guys we got a
pumpkin and a tree we got a few more
things but that's all we have setup we
got this gigantic like 16-foot tall
creepy looking guy yeah 16 feet tall
that's actually gigantic hey you're
finally back did you get what you needed
yeah another eye for the pumpkin yeah
one of the eyes on that pumpkin I showed
you guys it wasn't there I tried to keep
it out what we only got we got the last
pumpkin like that was the what this play
pumpkin oh we got eggs and stuff for
breakfast cuz I haven't told you guys I
don't think I've talked about it but my
mom has been making like home-cooked
meals every morning and dinner usually
and maybe sometimes even lunch I mean if
the sandwich counts is like you know
home-cooked meal and bacon and eggs I
think it does round of applause for my
mom did you watch my video from
yesterday yet not yet okay you need your
watch I need to know if there's too much
editing or not enough or what
yeah I kind of feel like I'm going too
hard on the videos like maybe I should
just log and talk and not go gigablack a
book I think you're worrying too much
and you should just have fun oh and she
cooks me breakfast no no one should feel
good you should date Chris not the Chris
you're gonna sleep with the other Chris
oh yeah I thought it was the other Chris
okay we call him big Chris cuz he's he's
big not fat he's huge
like like he'll kill us here would be
the bodyguard s oh my god he can live
here when we're gone he can live here
while we're here I don't care he's good
they have no idea who I'm talking about
but Chris he's cool guy gotta have fun
on your date but yeah as you guys see by
the title of this video I have decided
I'm gonna do something spooky spoopy
whatever you want to call it for this
video because the day you're watching
this is Friday the 13th and if
everything goes to plan and I stay the
night in the abandoned grain elevator
then it'll be like overnight so
obviously it'll be Friday the 13th in
October it's gonna be scary
hey well I would never scare you I would
scare you but the neighbor scared you
yourself so I got away a few hours see
who's gonna come with me and then I'm
guessing we're just gonna pack up and go
stay the night in the abandoned grain
elevator it's gonna be scary that's all
I know all right guys as usual we are
pulling up it is almost dark we are
skirting the all right right here I'm
with my brother my mom should be here
soon she's at dinner like I already told
you guys so I think she's joining us
right after that but as of right now
it's just me and Tristan out here we're
pulling up to the building right now low
light on this cameras beautiful it's get
parked real quick and then we will get
out and unload our stuff we have a few
blankets a few pillows and we have a ton
of snacks we got doughnuts
we have Velveeta we have oh yeah these
are the best things Oh No
yeah what's up dude
oh my god did you scare this dude
there's a Fanny right now what's that
man pulled up let me pull my car up here
let me shut it off no way what the hell
yo do you live here you live like I
guess this town super super small I
don't wanna give away the location of
this but this town is super super small
so it is possible a random kid is here
what's your name
Corrigan okay Koral all right got it
like Nemo's mom she died I don't even
think we brought big flashlights we're
so stupid we have our phone so we have a
phone charger in there let's get another
flashlight on this please please please
Justin my front would barely close but
we got a blanket and we got a big pillow
yeah we basically have all that and then
my robe is at the bottom as well we'll
lay all this out whenever we get tired
and stuff but as of right now I think
we're gonna venture farther into this
thing I'm guessing you've been here
before yeah okay you can be our tour
guide if that's cool all right awesome
all right so we never really venture in
anymore like the first video I came here
we climbed up the ladders and stuff and
it was really scary and really cool I
don't know if you're gonna be doing any
of that climbing probably not but we
haven't been exploring as much anymore
and I don't want to be a wiener I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna send it if you're
gonna send it if you're gonna lead the
way guys this kid just told me he's
responsible for most of the damage in
here and I always thought it was like I
don't even know who did it but here's so
man what you showed me
I always come in here and I never mess
with anything look bro he knows how to
open the doors and stuff like he's been
around and he says that we can get all
the way up to the top like whenever I
explored it I didn't even go all the way
up so yeah I almost gonna follow you
hanging rope the smell is so good I hate
it I don't feel scared right now
I'm not scared I feel like I feel like
since there's a smaller kid than me here
I suddenly have courage to like not be
scared of this situation
yo that goes way up like how am I gonna
climb that with a camera it's the
question I might just take a video with
my phone when I'm up there yeah cool
I'll just stick it right right here
hi I'm coming up after you guys I am
back on the adventure grind oh my god we
just climbed all the way up here check
it out I thunk quality's not the best in
no way the store is open right now watch
out so you don't fall to your death but
dude I've always been looking through
here but I've never so big guys there's
the squeaky thing that scares the
out of me all the time oh you have
Yeezys and you live in this town yeah
this is so hard not to fall and there's
metal beams down there guys but I'm
watching my step very carefully what
does it say miss you miss you so bad I
don't forget you oh it's so sad it's
awesome there's a song written on the
wall or something like that
Gary's thing I've ever done in my life
I'm pretty sure like I've never climbed
something bad and then there's some
urban writing she would climb up here
even though it's filled with poop all
right yeah you lead the way please watch
your step buddy because this guy just
told me that he's the only kid that
lives in this town the population is
what 50 58 58 this town super small I
don't want to give away the town because
I don't want to watch people coming here
you know ruining the peacefulness while
dude you can see the end of the sunset
out that window check it out guys is
there any other rooms up here or is this
it
so this is the side we've never climbed
up and I'm just glad that he's here
girls might be very scared right now
still I am kind of scared but man it's
all open Saul salt is nice I bet this is
where the bats are a lot Oh someone
wrote 6x6 in the devil's circle with the
star would you just call it a pentagram
oh is that what it is
and then someone crossed it out and then
put
great hell yes oh wow there's a lot
right here too goes on to just that well
I've had my phone up here I'm ready to
go down whenever you are cool that was
fun
is there any other crazy thing unless
you know about in here what oh hey I've
never seen this open can we just pull
back on it oh there's a little hook oh
my gosh guys the building is right here
right and then like with the Yeezys and
all he doesn't care there's a wrench
yeah I see bugs on the ground you're
gonna take my camera all right guys this
is a scale or a wrench we found yeah
dude is it big down there or what yeah
you can't see it in with the flash flood
I guess I can peek my head down in oh
geez
oh my gosh it goes forever yeah all
right come on out of there I'm scared
for you first thing you need to get out
of my car and into the Halloween spirit
now those kids tell me that a train is
coming that he can like sense it you can
hear it I can't hear nothing it's coming
from that way how do you even know
you're stand by the tracks see I don't
see a train come I just heard that train
you were right this kid literally has
superhuman senses in five four three two
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada app today
I know oh there we go don't let the
train guys see you he'll call the cops
Kristen get back it's common
behind the bush
because he's a country boy bro are you
holding down the thing bro what the hell
so while we wait for my mom to get here
and join us I think we are going to go
ahead grab the pillows grab the blankets
and find our spot of sleeping this room
has about two glass but it doesn't smell
like complete ass so it's kind of a
toss-up I wish we could leave my car but
the seats don't go back very much that's
the one bad thing man why the hell am I
not scared that much right now are you
scared I'm scared whenever giant trucks
drive by and I feel like it's gonna turn
into Texas Chainsaw Massacre and I'm
gonna die here this is almost as good as
a motel 6 just watch out for whatever
this is my pokeo alright so my mom's
gonna be here in about 10 minutes we're
gonna go ahead and grab him the baby
mask so he can scare my mom there it is
right there
oh yeah that's perfect the white shirt
completes it I see a Camaro pulling up
you brought your own sleeping bag in a
pillow yeah thank you by the way guys
Taylor is not a friend's house you do
not want to participate who would have
thought and uh just me and my mom and my
brother yeah look at our bed we made to
walk in this room there's like glass on
the floor and stuff alright you want to
go through the door let's go
really lots bigger than what I thought
oh yeah you want to see what made him
just climb no but I brought some snacks
to my nasty hands I actually would stay
for a while but I don't think he'll make
it through the night your back I'll be
sword that because you think that I
couldn't make it because I'd be scared
yeah it would be the cold or being
uncomfortable that would get me sure
it's just way more scary when you play
hide and seek with masks okay that will
scare I bet you two leave during that
you can what the heck oh my god do this
cockroaches right there and no way here
you're gonna take the camera alright
he's taking over the vlog again show him
around in there
there's a fourth they made by busting
through the wall yeah all right this our
fourth that's all concrete and then
there's this random door oh my god is
like concrete shell on the outside and
another dead bird and another dead bird
in another dead bird and I think that's
number five six yeah you can lie
sideways right there that's cool we're
gonna lay down enjoy our snacks this is
actually so peaceful why am I not scared
I think it's cuz we have so many people
I've been waiting for this for about
three hours since we bought them
you remember these monsters food review
it's good guys what is life right now
I'm not even scared we're just chilling
thinking I'm just gonna go to bed like
I'll probably stay up for a little bit
just to like show you guys what time it
is there's no internet here so no
Netflix will be watched or enjoy I guess
we'll go check up whenever it gets later
than now what time is it it's 958 1207
October 13th
we made it coming back into this room my
brother is I think he's asleep my mom
doesn't like the light I'm sorry my
mom's been asleep for about an hour the
only reason I'm up right now is just to
stay up till midnight so I could say
it's Friday the 13th
so without blinding them with a
flashlight I think I'm gonna join them
for bed I've started hearing some noises
I think it just might be in my head I'm
kind of scared because now people are
asleep and now I feel like I'm alone out
here and I thought I just heard
something I swear to god oh my dude this
is not my 3:16 in the morning October
13th Tristan and my mom are just cuddle
up next to each other like sleeping I'm
sitting in my car like I'll probably
just go back and lay in the blankets but
I keep hearing noises I'm just gonna
stay in here charge my phone a little
bit and then probably go back to bed but
three o'clock um I got some sleep I'd
start this car and go on a drive to like
clear my head but it would wake my
family up so I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna go back and lay down hopefully I
don't make another clip and hopefully I
get some sleep I will see you guys in
the morning
okay guys it is the morning now we are
up we are in my car right now and as you
guys see my mom is nowhere to be found
her calls what woke me up and she called
me in the morning it was like yeah I
drove home she could have woken us up
but it's whatever I'm just so ready to
be home so we are gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching and don't forget share the
fun if you enjoyed subscribe for new and
I'll see you guys the next one
you came in looking like that you just
maybe
