you guys going on a walk you are when
are we gonna get some Halloween
decorations make this place pretty dude
I was looking our neighborhood some of
our neighbors have some sick stuff are
you licking the rusty katana are you
yeah the big spiderweb I've shown them
it's so big so cool I was looking at
Walmart as well they have some rad stuff
man what are you doing I guys today we
are back and today I hope you guys are
all having a great day as you guys see
by the title we're gonna be slicing get
it this is an S is that still an S that
way no this way Louie I'd go get in
there go in the backyard that's right
this handle is so wobbly like we're
definitely gonna need another sword this
is the one we used last time in last
year's trampoline versus pumpkins and I
know it's like the beginning middle of
October it's not that close to Halloween
but we're still going to be doing this
because I like fall and cuz I like
swords and cuz I like trampolines so
we're basically gonna be doing like
fruit ninja in real life but on the
trampoline like we did last year
basically the same thing and Dylan was
gonna be here but guess what he had a
family emergency
dinner gosh my truck is a mess absolute
mess but look at this guys we have the
rainbow sword it's probably all muddy
because remember we stuck it in the
ground
yeah it looks pretty good to me and look
at that hoho damn this is the color I
was gonna get my car by the way but then
I felt like I'd get sick of it so much
it looks so gold right now in real life
what the heck but then in the camera
looks rose gold what that and the
biggest surprise of the day we have the
Goliath carefully put back together guys
its massive like I forgot how big it was
since it hasn't been up but look at it
literally so big we got to clean it off
a little bit but that's why I just spent
the last two hours doing we got to get
all the pumpkins out of the back of the
truck don't take a total of twelve trips
well trips got it Quinn's dad's truck
really does match ours oh yours got
detailed how much time should I show
them I should show them let me it look
how clean no dog hair nothing you
couldn't even tell we had a road trip in
this well you guys did I didn't do she
so we finally got them all moved over
here as you guys see we're fighting the
darkness I don't know if you can see
actually because this camera's low
lights amazing we're gonna put my phone
over here even though it'll
get disgusting maybe break so yeah this
video is basically just a whole bunch of
crap like we just horse around throws
some pumpkins and Shmack up used to play
baseball I used to be a katana
specialist so he was you you're a black
belt and slicing and dicing let's start
this thing off right with a flimsy sword
that's duct-taped on three points give
me a little one I'll see if I hit home
run by the way we have 27 pumpkins so
we're not running out anytime soon it's
been a year so if I missed a week fun of
me actually been to oh I think this one
will actually you know go through the
pumpkin let's do the biggest small one
now you know work our way up we don't
want to jump into anything crazy
training taught me to use one hand to
look like mountain you know oh plane cut
it's no fresh it smelled like ass Rose
can eat this yeah give me a big one this
one's going straight now in the middle
watch out left field wait do I just suck
dirty ass I can't get through the middle
okay I almost got my trampoline and yeah
I keep getting the corner let me do like
throw it up to myself oh there we go
awesome you know once you vine just load
up don't hit my camera I swear oh go
back to the NFL I wanna see if I can
burn a hole through one we're making
pumpkin pie you can hear it sizzling
it's absorbing the heat
let's give them a close-up it's just
absorbing its there's a scientific
explanation for this hey guys Vsauce
here the last time we had my old shed to
throw them off of and make them bounce
so once we get a few dispute once we get
a few less pumpkins we'll start throwing
them out and bouncing them breath let's
see it
oh I freakin nicked it if you love me
let me
that's what I aim for oh yeah boom baby
straight through the middle of both of
them Oh Jacqueline here catch yeah
triple backflip oh ha I heard it go
Caban but then it just fell I would have
gone pro if it weren't for my bum
shoulder oh god yeah now it's an actual
trampoline versus don't touch a big in
catch okay
yeah loosen it up a little bit I just
realize this is gonna make my trampoline
permanently disgusting hey John bodies
oh my holy crap my feet are freezing
plot twist mom we're not as good
trampoline errs as we used to we're just
standing on the trampoline hitting it
did I ever do a backflip with a sword
last year yeah why it's always tough I
you've got holy crap I almost cut my leg
you see it bring it down I was like
right here Wow let me jump in this thing
I'm scared to hit it oh my god this is
I'm blaming it on the sword okay I need
my good katana back get it through one
of them why can't I got it there we go
there we go okay mom get up here can you
get up
please do not throw the sword okay I was
a cheerleader mom they're kind of heavy
just be careful
keep your grip oh yeah I told you
they're heavy they're coming in hot I
don't want it to break your wrists or
stab you I could almost stab me it's
going in the video we need some
trampoline in this video little
trampoline actions aah
landed first try having done that in a
month it's too good there are so many
pumpkins left guys we need to get to
work maybe you should actually look I
don't know what we should do about her
like I don't think she gets it like
really trampoline person Wow you're
driving by slow I bet you don't live
here
we're dad maybe they forgot where they
live and our neighbors house just look
like they're guys it's getting dark
gonna have to speed this up putting
going in with the sword did that work oh
my god
one after another what's get this done
oh yeah oh yeah I gotta make sumo
wrestler noises oh good job back us up
eat my ass oh it's just good work good
chow yes I going with the BET jointly
cool yeah slicing and dicing I'm gonna
cut my leg one of these times I tell you
man I'm tearing this bad boy pop you
know the hide your kids hide your wife
that is gay hi Steve hide your wife hide
your wife hide your wife I just came out
here scarier than the baby mask well I
want to do it again and just did it now
do it like a slow why if they want to
see it they can go to my channel and
watch the tutorial on and I don't have
very many fans that are sending makeup
but I will say he's very good at it so
go subscribe
tristin brogard because don't oh god
honey I'll be okay mom we're done it's
getting dark skating cold I'm someone's
cleaning this up and it ain't me oh oh
that's a Selena Gomez home now for a
drop test from the bed story fired her
man
mandus whatever's pan pan pan yeah I set
my phone flashlight under trampoline so
it bright more well you probably
shouldn't let go you get killed
yeah Sam did it quad Quint what did do
dude pumpkins are tough let's try it
another go
yeah yeah it did it look at all those
seeds you're gonna have a pumpkin tree
dude what if you actually do get like
little pumpkins coming out of the ground
next year fill all the scenes
I'll have an Orbeez plant - are you
making it down safely he told them about
the HOA guy you talked about that I
guess we have to who's ready for a story
timing yeah by the way real quick um see
this thing I talked about it's a little
globe right here well he doesn't know
what it is I forgot to tell him that a
camera rotate mode and then the moon
will get bigger and then the earth gets
smaller and then the stars like oh
that's so sweet you wanna the one
problem with that the earth is flat look
it up oh yeah the thing the quittin was
talking about was that we had our head
neighbor guy coming to my house right
president of the HOA yeah he's the head
of the homeowners association and
basically he came over to my house and
he was heated like he was screaming in
our face and see he walked into our
garage without our permission first like
and we didn't know what his problem was
he came over yelling and my sister
opened our garage door and he's like I
don't know who you are but I'll tell you
who I am and like my sister freaked out
she was like running crying I thought
someone was gonna kill us so so then I
got home I had just gone on a drive I
come home obviously my car's loud he
knows I'm home he comes over he starts
coming onto our driveway and he just
screams me for like 30 minutes and he's
like I don't care who you were a bit bit
back and I was like whoa yeah and he
started telling me all these people have
problems with me in my neighborhood and
he came over to help me because I was
speeding in my car through the
neighborhood which I do do because I
don't want to get out of my neighborhood
so I can get to where I'm going I hate
driving slow what's the point there's
kids playing in the street anyway I have
never seen a kid one time playing in the
street whenever I Drive through it's
just never happened phones nowadays like
they live here they're gonna be in their
house yeah it was just awkward you know
I just want to tell you guys because it
was pretty funny but I said I wouldn't
speed anymore because I'm all about
safety safety is number one priority but
as soon as I get out of our neighborhood
like story but yeah that's it
we were gonna go ahead in this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it I guess I'm
watching and don't you leave like and
share friends if you enjoyed subscribe
for you and I'll see you guys next one
get a little furball are you ready to
cuddle
she did dude can you still backflip no
whole day my fault I was good joke
you just maybe
