hmm d dis Louis ton Jordan click Fang
finally something fabulous do you think
it's fabulous I think your votes the one
that counts
yeah he's gay what is going on guys
today we're back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day kind of
dusty actually good thing these new
Tanner brogard long-sleeve hooded shirts
are perfect for dusting off your camera
today it got super cold in Kansas it's
actually like freezing it's snowed in
the north part of Kansas I live in like
the bottom right of the state what's
like a snapchat see how cold it is 46
degrees you guys just saw me jumping
into my pool the other day and now it's
like this that's the only way I can
describe Kansas completely random and
weather we have days where I'm wearing
shorts even though I wear shorts all the
time then I have to wear a coat the next
day cuz it's snowing but yeah I hope you
guys are all having a great day I would
take my truck today but it still won't
start have to get an all new battery for
it the battery simply just died forever
and we tried to start it tried to
jumpstart it would not work I think the
most fun option is gonna be this one
plus you know this shirt my mom should
be coming out I'm going to drop her off
because she needs to pick up her truck
it was getting worked on apparently I
don't know why she just doesn't buy a
new one right now because she has the
opportunity like before it gets really
cold and she just asked me if I have a
charger in my car and the only charger
is for me because that's how I play my
music so she's gonna have to use the
front oh god I forgot you're still in
there kind of scared me there ya go be
in this class and she's taking forever
and making me sit out here in the cold I
don't know why my mom so afraid of
babies that means she had three of them
you'd think she wouldn't mind
don't hurt me I'm just a baby no you
can't burn it I mom just asked me if she
could burn a child your phone will not
be accessible throughout this ride then
we can talk we're jamming out mom we're
jamming out listen this new song it's
actually just came out
bye have fun oh my Franck yeah of course
she can't see me because of the tent are
you going straight to Grandma's from
here probably
okay bye let me to show ya the plan for
today that I haven't spoke about is
where's my seatbelt we're gonna go to my
grandma's house and that's all I have
all I know is that it's pretty fun there
and I like my grandparents and she's a
cute dog cookies I mean what else did
you want so I'm gonna awkwardly drive my
car through Kansas and yes I listen to
Nickelback in 2017 they're still good
it's raining
well hey grandma was waiting for me at
the door
all of those Gracie hi Gracie Tristan
not beat me I haven't seen him yet
watch out baby grandpas out here beating
the cold I was gonna say the heat it's
not hot you're lucky you got a fur coat
you'll rascal finally did you mess with
my shower spray no I swear to God dog is
my favorite dog in the history you
shouldn't say that we have two looks Hey
look so get on my back and then we'll do
get up
don't take my shower spray maybe she's
on my butt free back massage from the
old rug
guys I just realized Gracie's collar
light come here come here
running in circles it's almost the same
color as my shirt look there she's too
hairy but there it is and being ready to
go cut wood let's go all of grandpa's
bees are inside their homes in their box
because it's way too cold outside I got
a little bit of a honeycomb thing yeah
is that where they yeah you can see one
right there okay need something buddy be
whatever you hear I can handle I'll
break that if you want me to that was
the Machine you have for it here yeah
we're doing at the mainly way not with
the machine this hoodies gonna give me
the strength that sound like hitting a
rock with a baseball bat in the middle
of winter you're gonna do it so here's
all the wood that we already have for
winter well day but also be joining you
next to the fireplace cuz that's like
the best spot ever but I'm learning
about wood the orange ones burn longer
thank you for the lesson before we go
back inside we're gonna take a peek at
the B since it's cold we don't think
that they'll come out and sting us but
uh yeah we have no gear oh that's a big
spider holy crap oh there's one there's
some see ya already coming out yeah few
of them getting some fresh air so for
anyone wondering about my grandpa's car
he got the whole front end torn off and
he just ordered a fender for the front
new fenders for the front
narrator fenders well as soon as it's
completely done and all fancy then we'll
finally race right though you might win
because your car might scare me with the
sound and then I'll just quit my lord
look at it shine right now holy crap it
looks so cold right now like some light
it'll be going that some it'll be like
pink you can literally see a perfect
reflection of the sky and the trees and
oh my god I call the back seat we're all
piling in the van only to eat a nice
family meal at this place called the
triangle not the square not the
rectangle I've been in here forever my
head could almost touch the ceiling
there's always a little blanket right
there to keep us cozy we'd always hide
in there and then she'd be like oh where
are they and I'd be like I film in here
but it's old-fashioned people and it'd
be awkward so Tristan please cover the
lens that was quick what do you do now
put your hands on the lens and take you
back off we're leaving I got a toothpick
okay good bye Gracie goodbye all your
right now with me and not Tristan yeah I
got a brand new song for you you ready
why do I have a feeling it's gonna be
mace boosted pumped up kicks'
no I haven't told you guys about this
but I got this star projector because I
told my mom one day hey I want the
universe on my ceiling and then we were
going to do like this weird Pinterest
project thing and then we realized hey
that's that's all work realize we're not
crafty yeah so we got this projector
it's like a little ball plugging in
started up let's see if it makes hit the
Lights boy come on okay it's almost
there
feel like it should be a little bit more
clear but it's getting close we'll get
it figured out to where it's all fancy
but for now we're gonna do the weekly
Q&A once Dillon gets here so 10 hours ok
guys sorry about the mess but it is time
for the weekly Q&A that is not weekly
I'm doing is here with me 17 Stephen the
first and before you start if you guys
want to be involved in the weekly Q&A s
go follow me on twitter at brung out
tanner and you might as well go follow
these 17th Stephen yeah where do you see
yourself in 30 years will you still be
making youtube videos or do you have
other plans for the future gonna go
first my kids are probably almost adults
oh yeah I'm Joey 47 almost 48 yeah I
want to have kids for sure I have no
idea I might still be making YouTube
videos I might be an actor I might be
working in McDonald's I don't know but I
could only act in comedies yeah yeah I
know
well that's ever actually become weekly
see the thing is whenever I film like
half a vlog and I'm like you know I just
want to answer questions for the rest
that's when I do these weekly q and A's
and then there's other weeks that I have
like a jam-packed week full of good
stuff that I want to be on the vlog so
then I just don't do it so who knows
have you ever been to Wisconsin no is
the picture Dillon tweeted of him
earlier today Photoshop it's actually no
I just put it through like three
different filters yeah everyone everyone
does though if you haven't seen it there
it is oh god thank you for that um are
you gonna go back to California and yes
I actually am gonna be going back to
California
pretty sure it's within like a week I'm
gonna be meeting someone really special
he's not a youtuber really yeah do you
know who that is yeah why I don't know
he just wanted to meet if you're asking
if I'm gonna move back to California I
see myself living here at home for at
least another year hanging out with
friends cute mm-hmm and making videos
like that like my old videos and I want
to not just all the sudden just hop up
and move to California I want to make
like slow trips out there and make sure
all of my fans and everybody like you
guys
the vlogs out there just as much until
I'm 18 an actual adult and my mom can
handle me being away like I probably
just stay here I feel like if ever moved
to California it'll be like alone what
is the meaning of life can we put on
some dramatic music here I believe the
meaning of life is to make an impact on
the world and the society that's been
built in a positive way with whatever
talent you were given and make people
smile and whatever talent you have use
it for good whether it be making people
forget their sadness and present their
best selves to you or make a scientific
discovery make a business a brand
something but don't do something as
selfish now you fucking have it bro will
you ever go out of the country yeah I
still only left the country I'm weird
the otherwise I'm just scared that I'm
gonna have a horrible anxiety attack and
basically just not be able to handle it
being that far away long flight and I
just don't know if I can do it which it
sounds like a baby and stuff but and I
don't really have a reason so until then
life of a teenage dad coming soon well
I'm single now I could have a surrogate
a surrogate surrogate are you today's
date because you're 10 out of 10 I saw
that one that's the one on my pretty it
I'm gonna give you a like why did you
drop out of school oh there's a thumb no
matado right there all right let me do a
serious thing so I didn't really drop
out of school
I basically satisfactorily completed
high school which is basically like I
didn't I don't know it was weird but I
have a little mini diploma to prove it
and I guess my mom is one of media as a
backup I don't really see myself doing
anything that would need an education
I'm way too motivated in my life and way
too like crazy like I'm gonna do big
things like no matter what that's just
me at least this moment in my life I
know that it doesn't matter whether or
not I have one I don't think that if you
don't have a plan you should drop out
maybe that's probably not the best idea
boy I know for me that I don't have any
like regrets not finishing high school I
didn't get to go to prom ah favorite big
time rest remember obviously Kendall
definitely Kendall I haven't met the
other ones I used to love James just
because I was jealous of how sexy he was
I was jealous of all of them for being
honest but Kendall is just the nicest
coolest guy ever I love his music and
check him out Heffron Drive someone
asked me why I followed them
Twitter well I don't know I guess so
unfollow you I'm kidding I do still
follow you guys back on Twitter by the
way whenever I get the chance I'll go
through and I'll just randomly fall you
guys cuz I like to a surprise you and
make your day I think I'm following like
5,000 people or something ridiculous so
well tanner squared and Dylan squared
ever occur at the same time in a bid
like we have the worst timing ever lie
no no every time I went to California
three times before I met Dylan Hawk like
I would go there and he wouldn't be
there and then he'd be back I think that
it will happen I've seen you take you to
California again who won rice gum or I
Deb's I didn't watch any of the videos I
just like I know that her yeah I think
idubbbz is literally a human meme and I
think he's hilarious I don't know who
won it's not really my decision man I
don't know if we did it do you think we
did it I think we did it I think we did
it but yeah we're gonna go ahead and in
this video here and I hope you guys
enjoyed it and thank you guys so much
for watching and don't forget to leave
like and share the friends if you
enjoyed subscribe to new and I'll see
you guys in the next one peace
you came in looking like you just made
bitch
