am I in the shot you are the shot hey
guys we're back with another video hope
everyone's having a great day I'm Jana
Bren GART and today we will be reading
mean comments oh let me do my makeup how
do you smell that guys that's my fall
candle I just got he has a candle blind
yeah I actually have a lot of candles
because candles they smell good you
can't light them all at once it'll
create an odor he's trying to light them
ah ah take it off what is going on guys
today we're back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day today we
have Quentin here and we have my macbook
and today we are gonna be reading mean
comments and just kind of comments in
general most of them are mean though
about quite in there about me and
probably a lot about us being homosexual
together don't know why people think
that you look good today I screenshot
I'm a mom I'm a bobba bobba soup but
that I'm on my computer so we're gonna
get to reading get jiggy with it so
where's that from
Oh Rick and Morty no that was schwifty
you gotta guess with me Quinton looks
like a little rat on 3:19 go to rat
before you see it go to giraffe
oh yeah mice don't have long necks
measured my neck in one of my old videos
how much is it like I don't know 18
inches inches Quinton such a puppy he
didn't jump I didn't dress for the
occasion he didn't drop from the fifth
story of the tower because he's such a
put I was wearing joggers and shoes and
I was wearing clothes by took them off
like usual Quinton has balls chin like
Peter Griffin
Quentin's brother is cute oh now you can
state your real opinions on that no
gonna be about you or they'll about me
those are the ones that were about you I
kind of typed in Quinton and went for
the ones over about him Quentin Q boy
the vapor yeah it was one time Gwen and
I have participated in zero vapor in
competitions
if only Quentin was called Simon or
something because then they could call
themselves the STD squad hang it like I
wish I was called Simon like Simon
Turner Dylan so I'd go first you get the
STD squad like Stanley is that the Xbox
name you use when you meet fans this is
Stanley guys tennis Steve okay then I
played the gay boyfriend Anthony I don't
like just cool is it just me or is
Quentin getting smaller I think he did
get smaller for a little bit but he's
back on the workout grind he quit like a
month yeah is the downstairs area all
okay stay in the same size yeah
am I the only one who likes Dylan more
than Quentin yeah you are and those are
43 liars I don't know what like pot you
used but hey if they mean Dylan Hawkins
then it's okay no no I still like you
the most holy Quentin and his dad
look so much alike shut up I pulled yet
can you see it imagine if he's boss high
inside figure your dad I used to tell
him that whenever we were kids and it's
still happening cuz whenever he was
young he still looked like him and come
to think of it your brother looks like
him too so I don't know what that cute
comment was about you think my dad's
cute oh what if Quentin was there
and fought the cash me outside girl so
this comment was when I went to a de
Night Music Festival and she was there I
wouldn't fight her you wouldn't she'd
kill me she'd catch me outside and beat
me
up in all these hoes I like the vids
more with cuss words and not bleep well
we can't leave them on please
if the YouTube algorithm was to where
you could cuss leave it in the video and
still be fine on YouTube I don't know if
I'd leave them in or not because I like
to be a family-friendly YouTube like we
probably say leave a bunch shoo blur my
face see this is why we can't leave MIT
but you guys should have been there for
that I was hilarious live studio
audience liked it right guys
Luna probably laughed her ass off if
she's still in here Shirin why oh I'm a
female viewer and I don't give a
about Quentin's body okay so you're a
female viewer and you're alive
did you just reveal Quentin's license
plate number oh no and his address and
half of going to Quentin's houses videos
but it doesn't care I live in her street
and go home us youtubers when we get
called in like say someone calls in our
license plate to where we live and say
this guy just did this and that NAT NAT
and that the police are gonna be like oh
did he Getty because we've got eight
other calls about that as well so they
just disregard it I've never once got
police to my house actually one time
that was it one time the police came to
my house cuz someone called in my
license plate number and then after that
I said hey no homo but Quentin is
low-key thick they put a K at the end
when it's all in another scene so see
there's no good thickness Tanner needs
to train his dogs they are wild and he's
wondering why and this got 240 thumbs up
okay here's the thing
Lunas retarded yeah she's untrainable
Rose is pretty much trained we've tried
to train her but then after a while I
gave up because I realized if they act
stupid for my videos it's more
entertaining and I like it when they
jump on me and tackle me I don't like
when they bring in dead animals but
that's just part of life I'm a youtuber
we train our dogs to backflip I had a
German Shepherd I'd train him to be my
police dog and go after my victims so
just me or does Quentin kind of look
like Robin Williams who do I not look
like Obama yeah you don't look like him
well kind of in the face
 like you don't deserve the RA
here's one about me you're a disgrace
for it go buy a smart I think you meant
smart Cargill a smart I've tried they're
all out here's a clip of security
footage from my RA of what actually goes
on in there
oh yeah those are your mom's yeah
Tanner aka big no homo I left this in
for my own self esteem forget all my
other flaws I have a rather large is
peeing easy for you now let it hang out
no in the morning when I have a rapid
succession of blood through the penile
region I have to do the Superman you
ever done that Superman here's a picture
of the Superman it's when you lay down
on the toilet like this I'll just do a
handstand not everyone is you Quentin
but you're the life of a handstand man
oh why did I make that Tanner's idea of
getting dressed for the vlog switching
from white boxers to black the white
ones do show more of my genitalia
especially when they're wet and I do a
lot of stuff jumped into my pool
especially when I'm bored so um I guess
it is getting dressed also I just don't
like clothes or body prisons however you
want to say this is the final one on my
macbook this is the craziest white
on YouTube apparently you haven't been
around there's many more okay I'm not
the craziest there's another one named
Tanner good more oh yeah they're on my
phone ah all of them say Tanner had a
boner and I was just gonna put that on
the screen here they are four one flips
do not turn me on I'm not in a situation
that would make me yeah I'm not in a
situation that would excite me as our
fifth grade teacher would say it and you
can excited you'll have a hard PP why
won't you have her BP while I wrestle
this channel has turned from cool
trampoline tricks in my backyard to look
how much money I have I don't want to
get on to other youtubers but um let's
see Rice gum there's a million other
youtubers I bought one house a somewhat
safer place for my family to live even
though we still have some crazy people
come to my house including - maybe not
stable a fully grown man that came to my
house the other day and they were like
oh hey what's up usually I just say no
to pictures but I went outside and I was
like okay maybe these people aren't all
here I'm gonna do it
we're gonna take it where it's not seen
at my house and we're gonna get it over
with and he's like hey go inside and go
put some clothes on first like like get
dressed like what are you doing my guy
was in mind we're news telling me to go
get dressed for his picture when he came
to my house so my house my rules you're
naked or you don't come in I don't know
why I'm defending myself but I bought a
ring a robe I don't wear a car that goes
through my house
pretty red and Quentin's love I thought
some socks
why is he cussing so much it all started
on Xbox Live when I learned the word
there's gonna be another spree of beat
believe the blood don't jump on top
going good beep-boop big big big big big
big big big big big big mom
whenever Tanner acts like a dick it's
funny I like it oh well thank you this
was on the video me driving to my high
school I don't think I was even being a
dick in that I had someone text me and
said yo I saw the thumbnail of you
driving to your old school you must had
so much fun like must have been the best
feeling and then I was like haha I did
that for a video and only the video and
if I went off camera I would have been
like to be honest your success has
ruined your personality spend less on
cars and more on things like charity
hate to say it but I missed the Tanner
and 2,000 subscribers here's the thing
about charity for one if you do charity
and you film it and put it all over the
internet and show to the world then it's
kind of like what Quentin told me -
something that you shouldn't brag about
your good deed like I gave money to a
homeless person I didn't tell anybody
and it was a substantial amount cash she
cried but I didn't film it I'm not gonna
be like all right guys I'm here being a
good person hey you want some money say
hi to the law and then I did something
similar I spent as much as I spent on my
car rack cuz I went hey if I'm gonna
spend something on that then I'll spend
something for this and I gave a certain
someone who was in a very bad situation
a certain amount of something and then
they were like if you do a good stuff
that's fine you can maybe film it just
it's awkward it's yes me it is so pretty
giving homeless man a Lamborghini video
are nothing like
this video is rice go this was also in a
video when I was wearing my Versace robe
as a joke you almost have 400,000 emails
when you get a fixer grandpa's truck
like you said I've literally been in my
grandpa's house eighty thousand times
and I'm like hey find a guy to do your
thing for your car and I'll pay for it
and we'll make a video on it I don't
know how to sand a car down and paint it
nice and pretty the car is very slowly
getting finished I don't know when it's
gonna be done it's not really put as a
priority but it's not my car okay this
fault not mine grandfather save again
boner boner boner okay I think we're
just left off with boner comments but
yeah we are gonna go ahead and in this
video here and I hope you guys enjoyed
it make sure to smash that like button I
challenge all you guys to Lake the like
button and if you miss then keep getting
licking it but yeah if you enjoyed this
video for real click the like button so
I can see if you liked it yeah thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
don't you leave like and share the
friends if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one let's take off my pants for
this outro oh he's wearing the white
ones
Tanner has boner
like you just maybe
