hey Dylan ha ha testing testing we have
a tower fan mail and snow what is go my
guys today we were back in today I hope
you guys are all having a great day and
uh as you guys see by the tide I will
bring it back the old fan mail open
we're two different people didn't use
what we do with what we got
you guys are guys are you just trying
yeah we're I'm a substitute I'm not one
substitute that the coach like half step
foot in the gosh she's a bad game find
the knife in the stuff we have a ton of
fan mail in my basement that's basically
been stockpiling since I haven't done
these in like a few months and I was
looking through my videos and I read the
comments on my old fellow everything
sounds like wow I want my fans to be
involved again so I figured I would do
another I don't know how many I want to
be doing but I'm at least gonna do this
one and it's gonna be big okay because
that's what the tanks I am done this
tower is already about this is Oh
meaning tower of Tanner so we're just
gonna jump right into it dill in the
corner not here but I have Dillon to
Logan Valley I lost my knife already
this is from was aya you're already
talking about you when it's someone yeah
there's your pair for the video if it's
a hot wheels definitely Lamborghini
rubber duck keychain thank you this one
is from the fulfillment section of
brogurt supply code return to sender
damn is that the poster I've got in 69
times over seven minutes yeah the purple
veneno and review from I'm not even
gonna make an effort to pronounce your
name who is this from Cole yeah I have
no place to set my knife down this isn't
over
I already set my knife down like three
times Vanessa Peterson look it says stab
here I got some swag phones
oh these beats no no those are beats is
this like a chalkboard but that's
actually tight I don't know what it is
but it's folded up it's been formed too
long clickbait oh I ripped her words I
thought this was the Diary of Anne Frank
oh my candy in this video we'll be being
donated to Dylan Hawk yes I don't really
eat that much candy but he does thank
you you're gonna see us throwing your
stuff over there if it's not breakable
because if we send it here we're never
gonna see he's gonna be gone yeah kind
of like that night wait okay here's
words a picture wearing it ain't my
fault
oh wait that's you she met you oh she
did but she sent you something though oh
it's a bleep a robe no yes
Rosati Rovner yes thank you so much this
is awesome I gotta open this this is for
Quentin right yeah these are breakable
but oh they were open then so this is
amazing and it probably fits yeah I
think you made the thumbnail
you just made the thumbnail for me jaws
in Jurassic Jurassic harassing Jurassic
Park who said this Carter Hansen thank
you very much it's very hot or else I
would be wearing this robe but if this
room is just a deathtrap so Barrett sent
me oh my lord it's a beautifully quickly
oh my god definitely I love you now can
there I don't want Quentin in the waters
what does that mean I don't know about
this Joe this another purple lamborghini
poster no greed it's great what a cheap
thank you very much yes I love you
Sharon okay let's see them wait what's
your name
there's no oh really the one that's
gonna go to Grandma's we lost the error
there's three there's a room over here
was the green I still can't find that
night I had the pink one these are all
three going to my grandma's oh the tree
yes oh yeah all right
mine's already been open I suck with
sour stuff so my husband why isn't it
going
what please don't be poison all right
ready mine's not going mmm yeah that's
good though
mine didn't go tastes like cavities oh
dude thank you so much there's so many
again we just got the whole emoji pack
oh my god who sent this oh thank you
very much by the way Logan I have lost
our knives is the only one with
remaining your videos that's creative
that is great I'll give you that and
create that scene that's going on the
wall more sunglasses here I'll give you
the words while you serve the kitchen we
got a clickbait hat oh thank you tenor
brogard from Michaela I love your video
keep it up and keep making more I'm such
a big fan I hope you like the fan art
the stress ball what is this hold on
no dude that's like as big as a Midwest
meetup thing what oh my god oh my lord
dude you took your time and I love you
now a new potential thumbnail dude all
right this is awesome thank you so much
for this not even mine and I appreciate
if there's no way we're getting out of
this room the doors barricaded with
stuff thank you very much
we have found one of the knives this one
is from Jillian's once more I keep
finding boxes under here yeah very much
colorful box from no one I got sent a
package from with knows we have an
animal of some sort
hey people are shooting first and free
free promo so they're gonna get the kick
there's another one that one of you can
have it's smaller I get the pink one you
got graduate let you bakken someone
Logan said it earlier sent a nurse
supreme Louie wallet I have a cool ring
and an OK robe that I don't like that
much I'm not that interested in the
other stuff the hype beasts it's
actually it's it's it's not a wallet
it's rattling it sounds like Legos I'm
throwing this box to the side because it
has crumbled up pop-tarts on thank you
this thing is absolutely loaded with
pillows good lord
gosh pillow I wish my room was bigger
guys
okay I think I know what's going on my
keys how do you manage to find a little
rainbow one that's amazing thanks bones
for you my tanner my name is Harrison
kill Z I am 10 years old and I live in
Georgia you just fired me to do a
backflip on the train please please put
this in your blog the oversized pillow
is actually a dog bed there's a pill out
here
where's it at Oh Lunas gonna love no
miss we're sleeping probably thank you
very much there's actually we just got
an amazing collection of assorted cars I
think this guy's trying to tap into your
house she's got a clique late body
pillow oh my god that's it why is it you
guys are killing it with the Stellos and
since when do you have an IHOP shirt
that's fair yeah
this one says do not stare mika kebab
colin waters we have a good tour hero
for a DES I actually had this exact
thing when I was like what is all what
you strap it onto your Nintendo DSi me
yeah it's really hard to play okay I
found what I'm not supposed to stab I
found a picture it's like glass and
everything I'm open to use the video
that you told me about the stabbed Lego
we rock band I didn't know that was a
thing okay this is awesome however they
did copyright Tanner about two hours ago
wait wait ah very true I used a trap
nation song and I had to reload my video
three times but it's up so go off your
pumpkin patch daddy fan art I don't know
if we missed this but this is sick that
one oh my god both of these are sick I'm
gonna take a throat spray break make
sure okay Dylan don't put that in its
going I'll put that in the front of the
video so people know to watch till the
end for it what it's been on my head
this whole time oh that's actually sick
thank you oh my dude we have a whole
thing hold up Tanner okay look so I
knitted you and your pals a beanie
look I look like a condom but I redid
the beanies and made you guys and
included a scarf for you and three more
beanies or your mom's sister and your
brother hope you guys enjoy them take
care of Greg Greg you're an awesome
you're the man Greg this is sick we got
no knife required to open this stuff
this one's for Dylan
sadly he's not here actually Dylan's two
favorite colors are black and red
we got a Mustang Wow I'm gonna have to
take off this hat throw it to the side
toss it to the side and put this on it
matches my shorts we got a Corvette for
Queen really
world's smallest fidget spinner no one
cares about those anymore thank you very
much the same flavor and these ones
aren't open nope
hell yeah one of those be the poisoned
one I'm gonna look like h3h3 by the time
we get through this box wait look he's
protecting you
this is bleach freegan oh I see what you
did there yeah ha ha
I like bleach in my hand sanitizer and
in my dress there's the scarf dude you
might have spent so long on this dude
Greg we got somebody some stuff part
I've never watched South Park but now I
never mind I want to wear all this with
my robe but it'd just be so hot here
everybody take one of these these are
from the star package we're not done
here
okay this one's for Tristan this one's
for
no good I got it so good you're a good
great this is okay so I mean that one's
like the coolest one I actually might
wear that one a lot oh this one's dough
too like a shower cap but that no I look
like a penis thank you very very much
no we're weird two envelopes we're
somewhere in here let's feel around
everyone I found the box I found a
biggest fan
you guys are right Tanner disappearing
our kids I'm drinking Gatorade bottle
hey he found his knife one more to go
I'm really curious as to where those two
both went I know I don't know did anyone
open the two yellow envelopes no well
guys these only belong in one place
we're gonna go bury him and if anybody
steals them again I'll be upset because
we'll see you guys at my grandma's house
that is if we can ever get out of this
room all right so there's the tree that
we used to use right there
we got the three pack where is it gonna
go I think I already found the first
spot like one's got to go in here yeah
that's just that's made for it throw
some rocks over it no none of my cousins
are stealing it this time let's get one
in that birdhouse all right it's like a
bottle flip trick shotting oh that's
good enough I'm glad we drove 45 minutes
to do this it won't go all the way ed
that's what he said
there we go haha no one's ever getting
this one out
including us but yeah thank you guys so
much for watching this video and don't
like and show the friends if you enjoyed
subscribe you knew it and I'll see you
guys the next one we're gonna go ahead
into here because we got to go rise in
four-wheelers and horse around because
this is just a family opening not a vlog
so yeah
you just maybe
