it's noon Dylan wake up feel sleepy guy
at least you recorded that I heard the
drop oh yeah and I was like I'm being
recorded no one plays Sponge Bob Krusty
Krab remakes without recording it and
waking someone up what is going on guys
today we were back and today I hope you
guys are all having a great day we just
got done filming a video for Dillon's
channel as you can see by the kind of
broken definitely broken trampoline with
flour and food all over it who did that
guess that youtuber challenge so if you
guys want to check it out his name is
Dylan Hawkins on YouTube and I believe
right now we are heading to the pumpkin
patch you in October things and my
brother has a boy over cuz he's got me
there is he cool I don't think yeah but
he has a cool truck I mean that's a bad
spot for it though it's gonna get stolen
case where all my stuff ground you smoke
the best part is the elastic on the back
the band that keeps they won't even see
it coming I go fuck about all what
should we do a boring field at it on the
way to the pumpkin patch okay
we made it and if you guys didn't know
Kansas pumpkin patches are pretty legit
I mean we have a tractor ride there's a
big jumping pillow that's probably the
thumbnail I've never even seen yeah he's
been vines here yeah I picked for me
yeah you get to go into a field and you
get a pic I'm out the vines like they're
in the field growing there's like
slingshot I haven't been here in years
though did I even say Logan was here I
probably did well I showed you though I
love you Logan Taylor I want that one
let's go home dude this place is a
grandma's paradise completely filled
yeah I don't remember all this maybe
because I was too young but they solved
the port-a-potty with the witch in it
you think she talks so sorry which is
old and taking a nap she opens what she
doesn't talk dude that was the scariest
thing it was so fun look she's a little
bad but she's napping apparently okay
I'm Kim used to be corty yes yes let's
sleep Dylan with the glasses inside that
replace it with a wish they open it up
they could be more scared we'll have to
up the feet cause it'll be the most
entertaining thing ever one dollar for
three hits I'm down can we take that one
down so doesn't make me look bad when I
use that oh I'm gonna miss it look like
I got it I had a lot of practice
swinging axes at my grandfather Stephens
house damn your YouTube views really
hard down okay it's the algorithm of
cake people were back to school yours
are worse than mine so you better break
it you got it you don't swing axes very
much would you I'm not a country kid
straight over the top yeah you got it
yeah this will officially prove who is
taller me or Logan does my hair help I
don't know
yo they added on so much guys there's
one down there they added a whole nother
one we're gonna have to throw some kids
off there's way too many oh we have full
permission from the owners to send it
that's what I heard
I told her you'd be careful but I do
know it's like you can definitely double
down
Oh
pretty bouncy yeah I give it four out of
ten I'm going down this slide one time
because it's a journey up to the top I'm
already tired do I go first hey I got
some distance and he got more no Logan
Taylor
that was wild
I may be tired but we just found some
little bicycles and you already know
what's gonna happen actually I don't
think they do but they're gonna find out
a pumpkin slingshot I think yes we gotta
aim for can you even see it those little
signs down there we got three chances oh
god I don't know if I'm gonna make it or
not I just all ready
yeah what ow I'm in damn it again
so close
when can we ride the tractor oh yeah
Dylan's getting pumpkin the cheating way
kids oh yeah dude what's like a profit
whoa now we got all these and we didn't
even have to pay pull back more go and
go oh oh yeah ask you far it's my thing
in the way sorry country boy life Wow
way too far again oh my god Dylan oh
this is very risky angle that was
awesome I did the same thing Oh too far
okay mom I got one last shot we've got
the best aim for sure I need to follow
it yeah yeah okay pull back more you
want to pull back farther
okay so Tanner Tanner decided to go to
the bathroom and the train has left the
station the truck just left the field
Logan and I with Tanner's camera Tanner
nowhere to be found
well done time for them Instagram
pictures be ready got Dylan's so I do a
little montage oh here he has the
glasses and everything Logan
you didn't even tell me you were a model
I don't know what he's doing but I think
he's sending it the process of taking
attainable hunga Instagram picture what
I'm not we're not good looking so it
takes 45 minutes to write on the stem
it'll feel good which one do you want
mom this one first off the stem this one
that one that one we can make that
happen oh they have thorns I don't like
that at all yeah we took too long to
take our Instagram pictures and find our
pumpkin so they all left us and I'm not
walking so we're waiting and hoping
another tractor comes you can end the
clip I got mine I got mine then I got
mine so I handed smells like ass
yeah that's pumpkin was rotten I hear a
tractor or say all right guys we are
heading back we made it here getting our
own private tractor ride what is on my
arm right now that's a ladybug look
nobody else on Wow look at that special
flying our pumpkin and heading home
we literally ended up with one pumpkin
it's Taylors so yeah huge shout-out to
Walters pumpkin patch if you guys live
in Kansas definitely check it out cuz
it's pretty dope they have two big jumpy
pillows this is nice - they were nice
okay looks like we were not invited to
the neighborhood party
that's awesome are they trick or
treating early I see kids with bags of
candy on this ride home my family and I
have been discussing and we've decided
that I'm going to be using my fan base
name again not the brunt guardians I
think that's awesome but it's too long
and my last name is weird so I think
we're gonna be rolling with tan plain
and I'm gonna start using it again I
promise
I actually like it like if you think
about it Tang Clan like it's a clan of
tans what if you have really pale fans
well I'm pale so it's okay I don't know
if I should do one in on tan or two or
maybe two on tan and then two on Clan
leave it in the comments and whatever
gets the most likes I will use that I'm
into ten I was into Tang Clan like two
new guys Dillon watches all my videos
not even gonna lie like I've been
subscribed to him for like two years
awesome I found you at 12 K yeah and see
anything I say he knows for my blog
we're gonna go do this I did this and I
was again out I'm gonna chill with my
dog first and won't go swimming but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video we're
gonna go ahead and into here wait can
you recite my whole outro thank you guys
so much watching this video be sure to
leave a like and share with your friends
if you enjoyed subscribe if you knew I
will see you guys in the next one
peace out that I think there was one
word missing No thank you guys so much
for watching this video and don't feel
like insurance friends if you enjoyed
subscribe he knew and I'll see you guys
the next one pretty sad now let's do it
in the rap version huh yo thank you
for this video to review like Georgia
girls
you just maybe
