three-two-one Rose thinks she's sly
she thinks she's good at hiding come on
come on I got to put you outside I'm
gonna go to the mall come on I can't
leave you inside I trust you but it's
only fair since Luna has to go outside
I'm gonna have to get ice to get my dogs
to move rose fine Luna gets it that's
what you get what is going on guys today
we are back and today I hope you guys
are all having a great day I'm starting
this vlog on the g7x the smaller camera
we're about to go to the mall carrying
around the big camera sucks does anyone
notice anything yet huh huh where'd you
hide the new merch on it's for the
clickbait all right guys I'm not kidding
when I say this this is the coolest drop
of merch we've had yet it is honestly
amazing
can you show my back I can show them you
back yes signature logo and then Bam Bam
Bam Bam it's got the hoodie it's like a
hoodie long sleeve I don't know this in
a way it's good
it's so sick guys and I think this shirt
is my favorite we got a long sleeve cuz
you know it's going into the fall season
it's got like a racing TV and then BAM
it's my car on my back damn that wasn't
it close wait can I come in the cartoon
okay world I'm trusting you I'm leaving
my car alone for like 30 minutes that is
actually my rose right there they
actually copied you this time guys that
is my exact tattoo and everything is
that not my exact tattoo that is pretty
much exactly I'm hurt right now leaves
everything we should copy
he is it's his brand yeah it's my tattoo
I mean like you do me a favor and take
all of those Kansas people don't joke
around like that Shay California people
do but I decided I'm staying the
conservative teenager I am and he's
gonna waste his money on stuff he
doesn't need true oh come on bro I left
you with all the parking spots in the
world it's whatever you know whatever
and now we are switching back to the big
camera guys you can feel the fall in the
air it is so nice it's like cooler out I
can wear these long-sleeve shirts and
feel great you can see it on top of our
pool all the leaves and as you guys see
by the title this video I'm a dirty liar
thought about making that six stories
high for a video many times I know you
guys are probably wondering if I'm ever
gonna do it and the answer is probably
not because I already Wiggles that would
probably kill us I don't want that to be
the reason I died today we are going to
be trying to stack the rest of the two
stories on top of the four-story tower
and jumping into my backyard pool that
is like seven Phoebe Dylan's inside hit
and trick shots but he's about to come
outside did you hit any good shots yet
or no honestly when you came in here I
lined up a shot and it looked good oh
okay okay there it is ladies and
gentlemen and I've been reading so many
comments I'm seeing all of these that
are saying why aren't you hanging out
with Dylan and Quentin you're hanging
out with another Dylan you're cheating
on them man where are they here's our
text from this morning I said hey I'm
gonna make this gaffing higher if you
want to be a part of that and Dylan goes
got plans Quentin's gonna try to make it
but I guess he's been busy or whatever
Dylan I'm exposing you right here right
now I know you're not doing their
welcome anytime to come join but I just
think they're kind of scared bro I think
they're scared I think this is one stunt
that my mom does not agree with she
wants us to stop after 5:00 but mom I
don't think we can do that we have to do
six no one can hear you
there you go bottom one right there guys
is actually taller than most of them
here it's 7 feet tall just like that one
so I mean we're gonna try but as you can
see there's a missing platform we got to
make sure we can get up I'm too lazy to
go by sandbags but I don't think it's
gonna fall because look I'm pretty
strong bottom and it's not falling do
you Dylan sir have any experience with
scaffolding I think we just take off the
panels and slowly work everything up
there I have no idea what I'm doing Luna
we need advice that's Lunas advice
that's your advice your saggy mcnally
from Family Guy it sounds like someone's
we watched that episode last night that
should good episode we're gonna have to
stand on those panels and then take them
off one by one I think and then like I
don't even know very carefully lift that
up there you go we have found ourselves
in a sticky situation very sticky use
your muscles so we weren't hanging on
that thing and you can see it's like
bending because the support was gone and
I didn't know it and we almost died so
we're waiting for Quentin we're gonna
start off with five stories we don't
know if we're gonna make it a six or not
that's gonna depend on when we're
standing up there and we see how high it
is and how wobbly any word mom thanks
for routing this huh what can I do for
you saggy naggy you could stop having um
I vote we leave the pool dirty because
the leaves on top of the water helps us
know like where the top of the water is
because whenever we jump without the
leaves it seems like we're going
straight to the bottom of the pool
I don't know if you noticed but we just
took off the safety guards up here the
things that were right here but this is
probably our last jump off of the fourth
one I mean we can always jump off the
fourth one but for like five minutes
it's our last one I'll do the honors
I'll break the water John's gonna break
the water that's just off the back of it
yeah I still didn't hit the bottom
because I'm a trained two asian diver
well howdy
our saviors here everyone the reason we
probably will not do six stories guys is
because the bottom one that's a lot
heavier than the top one and if we put
heavy weight at the top it could sway
more and if it got windy enough maybe it
could actually like fall into our house
or something awesome like that so we're
probably gonna stick with five but while
add a trampoline are you gonna be our
mascot to our dogs at one hundred
communis boom yep mom's we post
sometimes on it hey there's Taylor oh
they did hit a hunter kay heck Yeti
that's good actually you guys Luna
cannot be our mascot because she's going
to the doctor right now she's going to
the vet because she's been acting sick I
think it's from that rabbit she ate or
something like that she's just been
acting like calm which is just really
weird and she's been whimpering a lot
more sorry I gotta build a desk
contraption you got this one yes thanks
don't take her to write my alright
that's for when I'm out of ideas thank
you
you're almost done guys we have wool
orange bars all we have now I'll give
you guys a little view of how high up
Quintin is from back here hi rose how's
your swim oh my god that is massively
that drop pretty much the entire
scaffolding is just one big wobble Park
thank you check it out guys my pool got
that much smaller we'll go grab that
small trampoline in a minute and my
gopro headstrap that I bought I also
brought a GoPro harness for my dogs cuz
I kind of want to see what they do for a
day for a video but I'm now able to look
at my neighbor's I know we're almost at
the peak of my house now
what's your tattoo say again I'm not
gonna send I'm not gonna send ten
gallons of water up my bum that's a
guarantee jump it from here I'll go I'll
go first cuz I need to go grab my GoPro
and my trampoline I think I could gainer
it I mean oh my god did you get water in
your butthole nice I'm gonna wait till
the wind is at fifty miles an hour up
here fuck can you put a leaf somewhere
in the middle you want to first run off
the tree yeah here's a plunger that's
right where I plan on way over the
hazard than just non penetrated babies
we're all right dudes Kansas when is
gonna stop that's true all right three
two one now kill walk down with one hand
in the camera how did you tighten yours
clean it's a pain in the taters okay
guys this is our view
from the GoPro we got some mouldy
sandbags but mold just makes them
heavier the scariest thing is seeing a
spider while you're climbing your body
wants to let go holy moly
I'll start in this back corner with all
the room I have up here it's probably
super windy by the way I just carried
out this trampoline those are all ants
I'm gonna pee off
guys leave a like if you want to jump
off this and if you don't leave a like
for us jumping off of it don't anybody
actually wants to there are some kids
okay I was one of them all right guys we
got all dried off and now I'm on my
final mission of the day
thank you there Dylan's but I look
fabulous in them we got to take my
alright and drive about 15 minutes or my
challenger is because i just got the oil
change in the shop that I'm going to
closes in 15 minutes so we got a hurry
but I can speed it's my specialty what's
some good music for these glasses you
have any
I'm here for the Challenger even though
the windshield wiper things still not
done but yeah I'll just go ahead and get
it you'll get a pullback out okay thank
you look at her all nice and dirty guys
this nice man right here just showed me
the best cleaning product ever my car
like you can see you just clean this
right here check it out and then it's
all gone
it'll be shiny again because every time
it rains guys it just gets so dirty but
I'm gonna let Quentin Drive the RA back
to my house because I'm a nice guy
he drove with me to pick up my
Challenger so thank you young sir yeah
check it out able to see look who's back
from Georgia and college yeah my
brother's friends Jordan and Vicki hi
Thank You Dylan Hawk and I'm gonna go
ahead and in the vlog here I always walk
in ending it you want to help any begin
yeah I live five stories yeah there's
five you're gonna take that down to know
ya know is Luna fine by the way she's
fine so keep an eye on her she's still
not 100% but she doesn't have a fever
she doesn't show any signs of I can test
a dog for a fever
all right there it is yeah I think I saw
watch this video and don't forget like
insurance if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you guys the
next one
you came in looking like that you just
made bitch
