take parlors what is up guys
I've tried filming this video like
five times now or so I didn't think that
I would ever stop the daily vlogs but I
I asked myself like what is the meaning
of its every day bro and the meaning is
not necessarily vlogging every day but
it's again smiling every single day
getting better every single day - coming
together as a community us that Jake
Pollard's working hard every single day
chasing our dreams every single day and
and to me that's that's what the
movement it's everyday bro is if you
haven't joined the movement smash that
subscribe button but yo I I don't know
how to say this I'm taking some time to
go and help some people that are in a
lot of need and it requires my full
attention and I have to be 100% focus on
it and I'm not going to be able to vlog
over the next couple of days now this
doesn't mean the vlog is ending I'm
going to be back very soon but this is
something that's super important to me
and that I need to I need to focus on
unhealthy and
I know you're probably wondering what's
going on is there drama is there things
going on in team ten like is he really
telling the truth and just know just
know that everything's okay and that
it's probably not what you think it is
and it's still going to be every day bro
just in a different way but I really
need your guys's support right now and
in this and and the Jake Pollard's are
gonna come back stronger than ever after
this you know how we do it brah thank
you for being a part of my life for the
past 500 and something days we have
become the the fastest-growing YouTube
channel ever and the in the first 500
days of any YouTube channel and this
once again I need to I need to spend
some time helping some people I'll be
back in a couple of days and for the
first time ever I will see you in a
couple of days because what do I say
here how do I out for this because it's
everyday bro in a different way
peace
