people just want to see us fight ok UK
brothers or CSI brothers or whatever
your names are no it's over bro and you
know it and you know it Wow Oh
500 days of logging your life well I
have to say too that is Wow Wow like I
don't real know I don't think I've done
anything else for 500 days like the only
thing I can think of that I've done for
500 days in a row besides vlogging is
going poop legitimately poop poop poop I
need friends but for real good morning
Jake Father's Gucci welcome to my lives
if you're new here my name is Jay Paul
you guys are the Jay Paul is put your
vlog belts on and get ready for today's
rollercoaster ride channel on YouTube
that is a verifiable fact I am out of
breath but for real all I can say is
thank you thank you for 500 days of
support thank you my audience and you
all have to come in and runa be like oh
my god yeowch everyday bro I told you
guys this is amol a YouTube channel but
I just really did want to connect we
should go somewhere else
sorry about that but for real guys like
what we have accomplished in the past
500 days is unheard of you guys the Jake
Pollard's yo Nathan let's go somewhere
else
okay team 10 house what are you gonna do
am i right oh my god it's on you -
anyways 500 days of getting better of
smiling we've done it all sleeping in
white houses
jumping razors overnight challenges this
is chaos filling our pools with random
foods trampolines under helicopters
trampolines on roofs making a song with
180 million views the list goes on and
on and all I can say is thank you guys I
love you so much five hundred days
without taking a break like Logan shots
fired
take cover but for real guys like we are
the mostly YouTube channel the mostly
family when people ask me what's
different about the Jake Pollard's I say
we are a community we are a family and I
know what you're thinking you're like
Jake you know all these youtubers are
going around with their little vlog
cameras and usually their phone falls
out just like my and these youtubers are
saying yo I love my fanbase I love the
community and look look look I respect
that
Jake ballers are different guys we
actually make movements we actually make
changes we didn't plan that but you are
part of this family so congratulate
yourselves if you haven't joined the
team I heard he smashed that subscribe
button
but bril welcome guys like I'm 21 years
old five hundred days into what like I
feel like it's just the start of my
clients what I'm saying oh and now
welcome to the team
10th house
Oh lost my glasses that is what Apollo
put those down Apollo I'm finally back
in Calabasas California feeling good
it's hot outside just got back from Utah
spent time with Erica on Valentine's Day
so now kindly just wanted to touch back
on the point I was making earlier about
the Jake Paul is like if you ever see
Jake Paul there in person I want you to
go up to him and say this hey hey are
you a Jake Palmer don't do that that was
a joke
terrible joke I was on Disney Channel
what you're supposed to say to the Jake
callers in the streets is this
are you a jig parlor are you a shake
Paul hand jam
it's a family we got our own handshake I
love Jake Paul or support each other
always rep the mercy or speaking of the
March I'm making this a new rule that
like if people in the vlogs don't have
March on they're not gonna get a little
bit angry but just know it's because he
has no more child that's 20 points baby
you just saw what I did you Ronnie
you think it's a game Bob what's the
part son or you're gonna get bloated I
trying to put no March on what did you
say I said I try to put no more jump
that's what I'm talking you know the
merge
what are you backslash Jake Paul right
now some of the merch it's literally the
link ISM now guys I'm doing a contest
since it's 500 days of logging the next
500 people that order a status
sweatshirt online right now I'm going to
send you guys some sign Jake Paul
autographed in other news we do have a
problem we have too many cars to fit in
this garage so the garage is currently
fool however we do have one car coming
back a day okay my lambo bro oh my lambo
know you're out started it's a
two-seater brought them this far
yeah we have to go pick it up a second
hour away okay we got rain bro we got
Cades em - we got the influence car we
got blood shark and one of these cars
has to go you think race bro is
irrelevant bro he hasn't been driven in
a long time no honestly I'm more excited
for the Lambo to come back like I have
been waiting years months for the Lambo
to come back it's gonna be 900
horsepower zero to a hundred in like 3.5
seconds that is absurd bro it is going
to be the fastest car in the road so
rainbow everybody had your time
you should give rain bro like one more
chance to fly I'm jumping the rainbow
off of the ramp in our front yard
dad you're the one that made me like
this GP man you do dumb things that is a
it awesome I don't rip the merge get him
out of luck blur him out blow him out
Greg ball is no longer here stop don't
cause a scene
if Greg's driving them out
oh my god so worth it yeah that was so
dope yo like I said like it subscribe
it's leaking pretty bad no it's good hi
boys no to work on the car baby it is
Lamborghini time it's time to go get it
yo I love cars so no I don't think
anyone's ready I think that Jake
father's already 900 horsepower $40,000
supercharger by the time we get there
guys I think it's gonna be dark out this
is a road trip and a half yeah but
without any further ado it's time to go
get it come on let's go get it on do I
get it
finally here oh my god is it the moment
of truth I feel like I don't even know
what the cars like I'm just going for it
900 horsepower Lamborghini perform on
Tay gonna put a rack on back freakin
Hennessy you know that'd be Taccone yeah
I'm a Scorpio tell me tell me is your
door fine I need somebody about my side
long fighter look at this like red super
charger guys if you don't know what
we've been doing we've been supercharged
in this car for like the past three
months and got out to 900 horsepower
which makes it the first-ever
Lamborghini Huracan perform monta to be
supercharged like I said guys the Jake
Pollard's we do stuff on a day-to-day
basis that nobody else does and if you
guys don't know what a supercharger is
let me break it down for you because I
dropped out of high school and I know
how to do math so basically a
supercharger sucks more air into the
engine and with more air into the engine
it creates bigger explosions inside the
engine
look at these explosions and once you
have bigger explosion the car goes
faster more air bigger explore these
bafta supercharger don't want at 900
horsepower it is a race car and so you
must crawl in through the window that's
a verifiable it's gonna be worth bitch
choking okay
this car is going to be too fast now I'm
talking like what would you say like
zero to five seconds yo Keith this we
take it out shoot it yeah I think that's
the only thing left to do
all right we're on a closer road behind
VF engineering that they own don't drive
fast at home guys but let's see what
this puppy's made of my god oh my god oh
my god I can't even I don't know I don't
know if the camera was even pointing at
you I don't know what happened
spoon fires back baby
yo what'd you think about this what's
going down
I know you kind of fight it could be a
boxing match it could be an MMA fight
that's right but it doesn't matter it's
a fight that's right so I got you back
I'm gonna train you I'm gonna help you
with you know certain skills you need to
know certain things you need to know
about and we've you got a bob and weave
Bobby you said we you know I mismanage I
miss train that's right you know when it
comes to the fight game support and
following money mailer
yes he's a part of the money T no it's
over bro and you know it and you know as
a CSI dog you heard it I'm saying Sabo
you heard one I'll never make one box I
got the biggest promoter in the game and
you're messing with the wrong team it's
not just team 10 anymore baby it's the
money team and look I know the fluids a
box number off-camera he's saying it
should be an MMA fight he's like yo we
can make this huge so people just want
to see us fight ok UK brothers or CSI
brothers or whatever your names are so
man up I set my compromise be fair you
challenged me
one round MMA one round boxing for the
first time ever and I hate that I had to
get the big dogs involved for you to
realize how big this can possibly be so
accept the fair compromise otherwise
your fans the Jake Pollard's low gang
we're just gonna all realize that's
you're too soft I already made my
compromise make yours
cop yourself a status winter I'm signing
504 yup I'm gonna have Erica in this
tomorrow reacting to it she's gonna
freak out I'll see you tomorrow just as
every day bro kids join the everyday Pro
movement people and count yourself some
of the hottest urged in the gang go
right now because the shake collars sell
everything out and subscribe button and
join the most lit YouTube channel on
YouTube I'll see y'all tomorrow
