and it's time to get serious I talked
about earlier basically my lawyer
sitting me up and they said James good
morning
put your vlog belts on there is so much
madness going on today editing then I'll
she about to prank chance and welcome to
my life where it's live every single day
bro we're currently on a forklift like
legitimately 20 feet in the air but let
me get you caught up to speed because
yesterday I did one of the craziest
things that have done in my life and I
wanted to share this experience with you
this is probably dumb I call as the
drift rodeo
don't try that at home no we're gonna
fall
it is officially Christmas at the team
ten house guys look at this stuff
Christmas is one of my favorite times of
the year and we're having like all of
our decorations our lights put up today
you're gonna see that but instead of
calling it Christmas scratch we're
calling it this but seriously guys like
our Christmases are going to be lit
missus and you know it's Christmas
because I got my Christmas merch on and
I got my Christmas Jake Paul socks on oh
my sweet Jesus he wants to kill my vibe
I mean now I'm gonna come beat your ass
just give me a couple seconds just give
me a second my lawyers also called me
there's actually a serious problem with
my lawyers and I have to explain the
situation to you guys but probably you
know what Tony I'm coming for you hang
on Nathan I'm coming for you
one more second give me just give me a
second that's what it sounds like but
someone's coming to be dry
you suck Anthony it's a Thanksgiving bro
no it's Christmas slash littmus yeah
cool thing is lame bro no no my car man
come on it's not okay shut up I'm
vlogging here we got a vlog stuff so
we're going down anyways though guys let
me explain to you the reasoning behind
all of this Christmas madness first of
all and this is exclusive information I
made a song with somebody by the name of
Jimmy from Ray sherbert or the Christmas
album that is coming out December 1st
haha and we are shooting the music video
for it tomorrow so everything needs to
be installed and this is about to be the
craziest craziest music video that we've
shot to date the name of the song that I
did with Jimmy is called litmus like
when I told y'all it was a litmus I
wasn't playing
it's a banger and I'm sorry you guys are
gonna have to wait until December first
and also you got to wait for the it's
Christmas Day bro remix like we're out
here the second reason is because I
personally love Christmas so much like
it's my favorite time of the year
everything is so joyful and fine and
everyone's just in like a good vibe do
you I'm saying I love vibes and the
third reason for having all of these
Christmas decorations is because they're
just fun in general you know here at the
team 10-ounce we love to have fun like
tell me this isn't a fun time you can
make so many puns out of all of this
stuff oh no please reef me alone
I can barely vlog right now I can bear
least see these haters because the Jay
Paul's are tapping on us and then we got
Jimmy over here who's just a nutcracker
and he's out here just cracking nuts I
mean oh dear
that hurt punch like there's
legitimately so many puns to be made I
literally candy-cane even believe it
correct Amy who was the fourth reason
how do you believe the most important
reason and why we got all this Christmas
stuff is because guys listen up put your
vlog belts on we just dropped the new
Christmas Mart's
guys all of these items are now
available yo look at how fire all of
this Christmas marches guys tell your
parents right now before it all runs out
and so that they can get it in time for
Christmas I mean we got socks we got
Santa shirts we have blankets we have
stocking we have all of the things that
you need in your life man so go right
now fanboy Co backslash Jake Paul and
get it before it all runs out seriously
guys the Jake Paul is like what do you
do when your merch is just like there
for a second then it's gone the Jake
ballers are the strongest team out there
like I said smash them subscribe bye and
enjoy the army right now but seriously
guys if you want your Christmas to be a
witness and y'all gotta join this army
and copy yourself some of this
and speaking of littmus it doesn't snow
in los angeles but we needed snow for
the music video and so we have this like
fake stuff getting installed like over
the whole entire area and it's
legitimately gonna look like it's snowed
in California we're doing it big and
also I think we're getting a giant
Christmas tree delivered what but I told
y'all that it was gonna be a litmus I
wasn't playing I'm not playing games
with child
and speaking I'm Apollo
my little muffin man this morning we try
to teach them how to swim roll the clip
it's so cute calm down I know it's out
now I know thank you for telling them
it's out now Lincoln bye oh Jesus but
this morning we did have to get them
gains going Fitness is the first step to
greatness
I still have to tell you guys what
happened with the with the lawyers but
we're gonna get into that a little bit
later in the vlog and uh we have an
emotional problem right now a very
emotional problem have been emotional
for the last year we miss fine we miss
fine man rested it's so emotional like
it was a big part of our lives Christian
and I were like some of the biggest
Viners on the platform and that's what
we did all the time like we were we were
miners bro best six seconds of my life
we had so many great members you
together all the clips halo IRA
can--they and we're gonna catch a fish
boys however all that is besides the
point but because we miss vine we wanted
to create another vine we thought it'd
be a good idea to create one last vine
what do you think he's a good idea man
you so take ballers Christian here's our
last vine
oh so good it feels good to be back I
mean by it's still dead but yeah
roosterfish
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed that
wait a second Jake what are you gonna
say but what I was trying to say was by
Jake callers I'm going to heaven he's so
beautiful
but what I was trying to say actually
though is that Nick comes home I'm like
yo Nick what's up how was your day
he goes well they have my driving test
Nick is trying to get his license right
now and I think the problem is that he's
so used to driving on the left side of
the road yes you're so used to driving
on the left side of the road that you
failed your driving test are you even
set it in a song driving on the left
side of the road tonight that's why you
failed I know what you did you were
doing the test and you were just like
went into the left it means like failed
done well on the bright side of things I
didn't fail my driving test and I have a
Lamborghini and I have this thing so
well i'm glove his life is going great
I've always wanted to do this we're
gonna go up on Bob Brooke it already
it's out of battery it's out of battery
why are you laughing at me Phil my
driving test Oh tell them won't really
happen
did you drive them I swear to god Bob
it's shaky no oh I'm coming down I
determined that it wasn't safe for me to
go on top of Bob one thing I did notice
is Justin bro is your barber like what
happened you know I saw the back your
head what isn't that not a JP on the
back anywho enough with the litmus NISS
and it's time to get serious I talked
about it earlier basically my lawyers
hit me up and they said Jay yo you have
a lot of assets and assets are like cars
this that house is whatever and if you
die like whatever my like I do crazy
stunts all the time but they said if you
die Jake you need to have a will in
place so that people in your family or
your nearby friends know who to give
what if you don't know what a will is
you basically write down on a piece of
paper like oh if I die this bed goes to
uncle they thing and so I'm gonna go
around now talk about all of my things
and figure out who would get what who
gets Apollo you know what I'm saying
like all these things that I have if I
die so I'm gonna need to hand them out
and I feel like this is like a funny
challenge so I'm gonna go around and
write down who gets what this might
cause some drama people might want
certain things that aren't gonna get it
sorry let's start off with a big one who
would get Apollo if I died
Apollo goes to God Erica would take
great care of you buddy would get my
clothes and shoes it's like Uncle Kate
is like super into fashion I should you
know maybe make them hip against I think
I'm gonna give my clothes and shoes to
Uncle Kate and lawyers and accountants
if you're watching this I'm gonna text
this to you after you're welcome we
almost forgot about my Aston Martin bed
since chance sleeps all the time
literally he's always sleeping I'm gonna
give it to my boy chance who would give
my 10 million subscriber plaque hmm I'm
gonna have to go with my mom because I
know that she would love till I put this
in her house and just look at it all the
time like wow I'm so proud of my baby
Jake good money dance there's hamsters
if I die what am I gonna do with all of
this March I'm gonna give it to the Jake
Pollard's somebody makes sure
that's the Jake Pollard's get all of
this birch okay or you can get yourself
some of the hottest Christmas perch in
the game at Phandroid Kovacs that's Jake
Paul right now who gets Jake's Tacoma
baby
my dad has literally always wanted a
truck like this I'm making a vlog okay
sorry
but I'd give my truck to my dad he's a
man he's a good man so dad taking care
of a man take next but certainly not
least the team ten man I'd give it to
team ten that was simple I think I have
to think about this one more like who
would get my house that's a big decision
I need some more time who would get my
Cedars the answer is and allow me to
explain I would give them to Logan
because Logan already has a tenant I'm
probably not gonna give him anything
else in this house so Logan see this
buddy they're yours
rain bro I would definitely give rain
bro - yeah you want it I mean yeah oh
you can have it I don't know I didn't
know who else to give it to you but I
mean I'm not dead yet so yeah I feel
like the problem with this is that like
someone's gonna watch me like they're
gonna be like he's gonna give me his
house I'm gonna kill them the Tesla
would go to my boy Anthony bro he always
loves driving this he's always talking
about it so fast and you know he's
dating Justin's mom and he has another
girlfriend so like maybe they're gonna
have a family soon and it's a great
family car my Lamborghini is in the shop
getting pimped out right now put like
the house guys I don't know who I would
give it to I need to think harder on
this I think the dirt bike it definitely
has to go to check the reason being is
because chad is always doing dumb stuff
I feel like you'd like love riding this
and getting into accidents with it
you're welcome Chet next up who would
get this here vlog camera but I would
give this here vlog camera to YouTube
themselves to put in the frame at the
YouTube offices with a title card
underneath it that says best vlogger to
ever live on the platform who would get
my vlog channel speaking of vlogs who do
I give 12 million have I told you how
great your outfit looks you got a style
this is you all you guys thank you good
what's going on yeah no nothing I'm just
chillin bro what here is looks really
good today I really do thank did you do
anything different no no no I didn't
gave you my shoe collection and why to
collecting the clothes okay just go put
the you too because I'm trying to make
my will
okay I gave you my Tesla but without any
further ado my youtube channel I'm going
to give to my mom because she can find
life it sucks dick anyway I hate my
friends
well there are my actual friends I've
had a lot of fake friends in the past
what I'm going to give my YouTube
channel to my mom so that there can be
12 million pastors hamster hamster
hamster hamsters
my mom's gonna take over the world and
speaking of fake friends though guys
like I think the other day we lost like
3000 subscribers because of all this
like drama that's going on to me it's
like yo those people were fake Jake
parlours anyways they're not here for
the journey they're not here to make the
world a better place so if you
unsubscribe joke's on you you're lost
but at a nicer note Lamborghini I
thought about this and I was like yo who
takes care of the car who's good at
driving who appreciates college who just
did the Need for Speed thing with me and
the answer is out give my Lamborghini to
Kate honestly like I think you really
deserves you know what I think about it
the stocks do match the sweatshirt was
wrong when I said it Thanks
which part where you add just now funny
okay I actually told them how to given
your language I feel you heard it over
there for sure for sure me oh gosh no I
was alright anyways who gets the house
right today we observe a rare sight
chance and Anthony actually creating
content for the YouTube channel look at
this I'm proud of you guys so who does
get the house um that's a very good
question um I thought it was me nah you
can see our stuff if you want better
thank you
oh you want to leave
this is why people leave I need to put
my clothes back on go go go
I think there's a huge difference
between bullying and like jokingly a
bully is someone who goes out of their
way to bring other people down and I've
never been that and my mom gonna testify
to that right mom hey I'm Steve this is
a bully right here I've never done that
besides you should just leave team ten
say yes we can talk about it I'm gonna
make a video about this now I'm gonna
have to make a video back okay god we
got so sidetracked though okay who gets
the help I feel like it'd be best to
have it be like a shared space like my
mom gets a room my dad gets a room and
like people can use it collectively like
chance and Anthony you know get a part
of the house Logan gets a part of the
house Erica gets a part of the house and
last but not least who gets Nathan when
I fire him
I mean well I'd be dead so like you
wouldn't have a job you have a video
they have videographers I mean no it's
only if I die good morning Jake Poehler
Jake I don't want to work for joseline
nobody you get my car so you just sell
that use that for money you get the
Tesla yeah okay cool that was I got way
too weird and guys look at how cool this
is turning like it's literally turning
into a winter wonderland here in Los
Angeles and thank you all so much the
Jake balls I want to thank each and
every one of you for supporting me all
the time I know I don't say it enough
we're like a family you guys are amazing
to me I try to be as amazing as they can
to you but you know I'm just a chat so
what join the family copy stuff somehow
to smirch in the game fans when I call
backslash Jake Paul Christmas stuff is
all available right now get it while you
can
before it runs out for Christmas guys
tell your parents tell your mom peg jam
that's what I do when I wanted something
mom Jimmy's like and she say good
afternoon
hamsters smash that subscribe button
keep that on
hey just keep smiling and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's everyday bro
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check see you
guys tomorrow
whose what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty dabs every day bro
