let's don't try this at home we're
trained professionals and this video is
sponsored by EA it's about to go down
Jake Pollard's please good morning Jay
Paul is what is gone
I got a taco on my head so you know
today there's about to get let's leave
right now it is some day and there is
also another day in Las Vegas another
day in the life of your boy Jake Paul
and if you're new here I am Jake Paul
you guys are the Jake parlours and it is
lit every single day bro I mean I got a
taco on my head I'm not lying to you and
guys if you haven't been caught up to
speed put your blog belts on because it
is about to go down if you know what I'm
saying but we are about to get started
on another day of madness as y'all know
we are here in Vegas with need for speed
competing in missions against another
youtuber jesse wellens Bob to see who
gets put into the need for speed payback
video game guys thanks hi and as y'all
saw yesterday because you guys are Jake
Pollard's any other strongest team on
YouTube we competed in two different
missions and competition yesterday guys
that I've won both of them yeah however
we were just getting started guys
because late last night we had to
compete in another crazy competition I'm
a passenger you future Jake roll the
clip right now I'm two for two guys I
beat Jesse in both events we still have
a couple more events and missions to go
so he still has a chance to beat me but
I'm not gonna let this happen
it's a zip lining race guys there's a
zip line right now that goes all the way
down this whole entire strip and so I'm
getting a last-minute food session in so
that I could weigh more than Jesse but
here's the thing
is that guys he still doesn't know that
we are pranking and trying to get
revenge on him for messing up on stage a
ta play said the problem is guys I'm
this race it's fair and square
there's no way to rig this as soon as
we're released I'm pulling on this mat
I'm gonna launch myself I'm coming in
three I think I'm stuck
back to you Jake and this means that I
have won three out of three missions so
far and the best part about it is guys
that Jesse still doesn't know like most
of this stuff is raped and he still
doesn't know that ei is trying to get
back at him for choking on stage yes
very good and because he choked on stage
like that we are here to help
ei get payback I'm Jesse for messing up
you saw what happened yesterday so man
drifted around us watch
like when I tell you that this vlog
channel is lit every day bro I mean that
ish I million y'all are smashing that
subscribe button y'all are reppin the
merch fans when I go back to that shake
ball super super hard the hottest merch
in the game in it is about don't and so
the J Polar's are taking any else today
folks I can guarantee you and speaking
of never taking L squad we have two new
cars today we're about to run some
missions Jesse watch one so I chose
yesterday so I get the GTR today and I
need that speed baby it's a new day new
adventures new things going on we're
gonna see Vegas flips down here from up
there car racing car is officially mine
now I don't know why you guys trust me
with this stuff like honestly just last
night I took the car out and while no
one was looking and well things got
intense
all right first mission first mission
we're gonna go out to Boulder City
Airport by out there and get some help
happen right now right now
Oh Jessie
they put us in a car that doesn't even
make any noise I'm getting out
I'm James it's not about the car it's
about the change of the girl the other
half I'm a but it actually is about the
driver not the car which is finally call
me Jay Paul Junior
do you like coffee he going some smoke
you need to wake up with a cup
Jesse's in the dust open road and we're
coming in to the airport
turning right holder City Airport for
the W shall we celebrate I haven't had
breakfast yet
so that completes mission one guys and
now it is time to go airborne come over
here
are you mad that's a little salty today
like I was saying guys we are about to
go airborne hello they gave us these
inflatable vests in case that we fly out
of the helicopter
we are immersing ourselves in the pool
however as I was saying before mister
a mini camera be sure to take the camera
look like for doctor
he reminds me of my teachers back in
high schools that I wouldn't make it why
is he coming for me right now I don't
care he did not have donuts for
breakfast like us however as I was
saying we are trying to immerse
ourselves in the full Need for Speed
experience to prepare ourselves for our
final mission tonight and in the need
for speed gameplay there's helicopters
chasing you while you're racing these
cars hello it's hump day so it's about
to get I got that need for speed baby
and I think we're going over the Grand
Canyon I'm excited for that because I
love canyons especially when they're
grand
damnit
you know for a second there I thought I
was chanting Anthony I only have ever
been what woke up prank so screw you
Jessie you know I'm on Franklin I'm like
y'all he was sleeping can we make it
like we're crashed he's like absolutely
we just dumped it in forward are you mad
at me
hug it out we had that need for speed it
was awesome experience I think I'm ready
for these final missions I'm still
trying to get in this video game bro I'm
supposed to be getting revenge on Jessie
and he wants to prank me now the Jake
Pollard's don't get pranked only
sometimes like we like we just did what
little does Jessie know that later today
I have a massive prank setup we are
going to make Jessie drive around in a
old Volkswagen and when he thinks he's
gonna be getting like a super car and so
the revenge is coming but in the
meantime also I'm letting the air out of
his tires and Kade I'm disappointed in
you rotten trick
I'm coming for you
I'm having a rough day Jesse yo how do
you have my phone I don't follow you
yeah here's some piss in that gas yeah
that's doubly piss at our next mission
this is where it starts to get intense
you're going down Whelan's who's gonna
be in the video game ball is that true
well anyways guys speaking of Jesse like
I told you earlier worried about to pull
a giant prank on him because I'm pushed
while we're doing the drifting
competition we're gonna replace his red
car with an old Volkswagen car he has no
idea and we're gonna make him drive it
afterwards and if I win this drifting
competition I'm 99% sure I get put into
the game wish me luck to have me updated
I got this buddy I got this buddy
out here bro we're out here this one's
for you guys this is full of Jake
Polar's alright guys we did a lot of
speed now we do some skills some style
final mission competition final time
final mission see you top dog we got the
best style do some donuts get some smoke
going so who's the better where's the
scene here's a better drifter Jake
polish there's three judges and they're
gonna vote at the end of this on who is
a better drifter and ultimately I think
who's gonna be in the in the game we
already know who has a better style
all right Jesse Jesse's up first we have
our three judges here they are going to
rank one through ten on what they
thought Jesse his score was and how well
he did as you guys know we it's a little
bit rigged I'm going to win this
competition the end of the game and
we're changing Jesse's car out for a
beetle Volkswagen Jesse messing up a TA
play and choking onstage
I mean they do call it Need for Speed
payback what are you guys Leaney toys
and the judges score Jessie eight and
nine yeah it's gonna be tough to beat
you'll be tough to beat guys in right
now I'm about to go it is my turn and
they're moving it Jessie's call right
now and replacing it with your total
score was 25 judges are you ready yes do
it really tough crowd
why would you put the judges off it
looks like I'm gonna be in the game
buddy
very good yo we should race my GTR
versus your car I mean let's go race
we're just gonna start down there and go
like drag race come on I was confused
down the street right now come on we're
not racing news anymore no it's a prank
bro come on I've been doing this a long
time so you remember ah remember a play
oh so this is my Plymouth this horse has
been rigged for me to win how did you
win the zipline great I've been talking
about it for my vlogs for the whole
entire time without you knowing those
Jessie I'm here with Logan Paul
this was the payback for messing up
payback because I get it all connect
connects now it's payback like the game
that's really well it was still fun
don't cry I got your car it'll cheer you
up come on yeah you like that Oh dragon
beetle you got it bro I actually put
that hold on yeah really that's what I
got a ride direct asshole problem
turn back push
that is what we call payback you first
repair it came full circle I think
Jesse's actually upset though such a
success yo - Jake Polar's one again but
guys jesse was such a good sport kudos
to him he's an awesome guy but while
we're here guys we did have some fun
moments that you haven't seen yet so uh
roll the fun montage because they got
lives like I said Jake closers it is
time to have some fun let's go
so much fun but guys if you haven't
already joined the Jake Paulo family
Cobb yourself some of the hottest words
in the game backslash Jake well the
status winter is the hottest out there
right now what's up Jake Pollard's
listen guys I want to be able to give
you guys exclusive updates on
merchandise news things I have going on
in my life if you guys want to be able
to communicate with me text me talk to
me do with all of these amazing things
then go to next Jake Paul me text Jake
Paul calm which is gonna give you guys
exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty
Deb's everyday bro make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
