guys this video is about to be insane
but whatever you do do not try this
stuff at home we are trained
professionals and this video is
sponsored by ei on closed roads haulers
what's good guys today is going to be
one of the most fun days on this channel
yet hello I'm coming all the cars I
believe oh okay Jesus my life is a mess
I told you guys yesterday that I'm
always running late but enough with the
nonsense manager caveat at me we don't
need that right now there is a lot going
on right now put your vlog belts on you
guys are locked in for the journey if
you're new here I'm Jake Paul you guys
are the jake Pollard's and if you're
watching you just became a Jake color to
smash that subscribe button join the
strongest team on YouTube my boy let me
explain let me explain they don't know
the guns okay okay okay but actually
guys allow me to explain so right now we
are in Las Vegas Nate for speed called
me up and they said yo Jay you want to
race cars around Las Vegas completing
missions on an actual race against
another youtuber and I was like now yo
that means fast in Italian of course so
basically they started telling me the
game plan and it's alliteration I don't
even know what to tell you guys this is
just another crazy day on this channel
where dreams come true so I had to have
a partner in crime
boy this race you kidding me cars I'm in
there brah and there it is coming in
here's the backstory though need for
speed not only did they call me out and
explain what was gonna happen but
there's a backstory behind this guy so
the youtuber that we are about to meet
up with his name is jesse wellens 10
million subscribers killing the game
basically Need for Speed had him talk at
an event about a year ago
and he choked on stage like he didn't
know what to say like he basically
ruined this whole like launch for him no
offense Jesse but you ruined the college
if you guys didn't know be payback
I'm bomb yes great good but it's okay
it's okay we still love you Jesse
however need for speed needed that's a
lot of needs they needed to basically
get revenge on Justin and so right now
like all of these races and missions and
things are basically somewhat rigged to
make Jesse look bad is that accurate
that's like the depiction of the entire
day I think so yeah so Jesse and I are
gonna be in these races and on these
missions but like I'm gonna be making
sure he comes in second every time well
it's rigged but he doesn't know that so
this whole entire thing is like
basically a prank on Jesse and he has
absolutely no idea amazing yeah I told
y'all it was alliteration not only put
your vlog belts on but also put your
seat belts on we have some super cars
apparently downstairs we don't know what
cars were driving yet we don't know what
the missions are yet I can't see you and
I think you can't see oh no you can't
see him however with all of that said I
am still a little bit worried because
like I still want to win you know what I
mean I'm a winner I get super
competitive I'm like a jackrabbit
it'll feel really the pouch and since we
are racing cars I got to bring out Paul
jr. cuz you know I'm about to race my
chevy down the street damn it and I'm
going to win this goddamn race
well the guys like manager keV said when
he called me we are late and we really
gotta go if the race starts in like I
think Louie five minutes they're like
five minutes ago
who is what you might say oh it starts
right now I'm gonna knock over this
chair for dramatic effect
however guys I do need you guys to be
silent about the whole prank thing with
Jesse he has no idea and whenever I wink
at you
that's what do you know that we're up to
something up to no good it's about to go
down
I'm a little bit I'm a little late sorry
about that okay are you ready to race
let's do this we're kind of in a
competition right now but like okay I've
never driven it without a car you own
like five really so we'll see Jesse
enough with the excuses buddy you're
going down to speed I'm done laughing oh
this is serious Jesse I'm from Ohio
which snapped next I got my initial read
on Jesse I don't think he's taking it as
seriously as us well it's a big deal I
am super competitive and I will not lose
this is a 2-day race right now guys so
you're gonna watch it today and tomorrow
but the reason why the stakes are so
high is that if I win the Need for Speed
said there is a high chance of them
putting me in the actual Need for Speed
video game this means a lot to me like
it's always been a dream of mine to be
in a video game can you just like
picture it now like yo I'm trying to be
in
game Sun so Jessie you can laugh all you
want make excuses but I'm coming for
your head top boy
okay so we're finding out what cars are
driving I haven't seen them yet
I lost a shoe I lost the shoe I lost a
shoe No oh my gosh it's a Porsche gt3 RS
guys I've literally always wanted to
drive this car I've got the game real
serious thought you guys to Las Vegas to
check out the world with me for speed
check out payback the world of the cars
we got two cars here right now a great
adventure one or two days but you guys
fight it out have some fun
there I got the Porsche there's a 2-day
race the winner potentially gets put in
the Need for Speed game guys gonna be
going on different missions across Las
Vegas and some awesome cars I'm your
host Mitch I'll be with you guys the
whole time to check it out and see how
you guys do first mission would see who
can get to hoover dam first we have to
go to where we're damned we have to race
to hoover dam I've never been in this
car oh my god it's so sick they gave us
a map we gotta go we gotta go that way
like you just like keep it on
I got fun just keep it on its penis only
that's my only rule yeah get in my car
five four three two one go I don't know
how to turn the ebrake on he's getting
away
I can't go right now a little bit behind
we need music
on the highway now part of my exhaust
legs taste FA that's what I thought
so guys we got so far ahead that they
came over the walkie talkies and told us
to slow down because jesse has never
been in a supercar before and so right
now we're like in the process of slowing
down I see him in my rearview mirror
alright Jesse there you go buddy
there you go you got it I'm letting him
go I'm getting out you want to take a
break
ya know did you eat this morning oh we
should got food bro yeah we should get
some doughnuts now with their Head Start
let's catch up
hi guys we caught up now we're going
through some town I think we're taking a
pit stop bro this is lit what's the
matter Jessie you're a maniac this is
absolutely insane we're in like a ghost
town right now and in the actual Need
for Speed game there's like these ghost
towns we have to come and like restore
the cars but like look at this bus row
I'm sorry Logan but this bus is cooler
than your bus like this is an actual
cool bus I think you're right we're just
on an adventure racing cars like wait
the pit stops out we were convinced
updated take the camera
we're off generations now guys we're
literally in the middle of the desert
look at there's nothing here I saw Jesse
my rearview mirror peeling out we're
back on the race I want to be in the
video game baby
this is where we sleep Jessie
I'm one step closer to get in into this
video game yo I'm sorry Jesse but new
YouTube took W yeah yo Jesse was a day
late and a dollar short
oh wow mr. Whelan's alright round one
victories okay bro bring it in friendly
competition hug it out hug it out damn I
normally don't give a damn about
anything that's a lot of dams to give I
just look at it and I just go damn but
bro I do have to say that was an intense
race my whip game is strong they call me
Jake Paul jr. huh yo I got that need for
speed games now available worldwide I
just I just see it and I go damn you
know what I mean yes see the dam it's
very important it's very dami yes
what's your name your own cool well I'll
see you later man
good stuff in those two I'm just gonna
keep on looking at this damn damn Jake
we're Hoover Dam yeah damn it goddamn
head back to us it Vegas check out some
local street team and some more dope
rides you another kind of race two more
races we're gonna do oh I get in that
video game okay I swear on my damn life
that I'm gonna jam in put the damn
dammit I'm gonna be in the damn game how
about that you'll give a big day on you
Jesse let's get out of here damn it
you're right damn it
at our next location and I don't know
what's about to go down but it's lit
what are we doing right now and do some
drifting but we're sitting in these
chairs these two chairs right here this
is called drift chairs guys it's use got
more stamina you could handle it's like
a game that people play oh we're playing
dude I don't know if I need this speed
anymore
we're gonna sit in these chairs when my
man Forrest Forrest are you gonna hit us
he's gonna be drifting around us
apparently while we sit in these chairs
now we're gonna try and last as long as
possible yeah this one's not even like a
challenge like we might both die I'm
putting my helmet on damn it
I'm not dying today take Paul juniors
got a race for another day Jesse what
the hell are we doing dude it's all to
be in the video game three two one
again like I told y'all
it's led every single day bro oh my god
like it's disgusting that one I put my
life on the line for you guys I wasn't
too close right thank you so much need
for speed please put me in the game in
Jesus right you're killing us man guys
survived that good you guys have more
stamina have to let's go try another
kind of racing another for this next
event where you start getting revenge on
Jesse go to payback time for EA boy
Randy see NRC quarters in G pause and
consider what about to go down
payback Jesse since Jesse messed up at
EA play this is where we start to get
revenge on him we got this we're gonna
get Uncle Kade to go take his batteries
out of the RC car now when we go to race
I'm in automatic do you ready for this
RC race yeah this is the least dangerous
thing we're doing we're gonna die down
the last one he has no idea and I feel
bad but like this is what he a brought
me in for because they know I pull it
off five laps two Corvettes in a race to
see who gets put into a video game with
some RC cars I don't know bro I don't
know I feel like I got doing this okay
well we'll see see we will see you think
I've damaged well okay we got to make
sure that they're perfectly aligned here
make sure they're perfectly
I got no power
oh yeah yeah what are you doing Jesse
Jesse what's wrong with your car
Oh lap James lap one is down lap you'll
be sorry
what do you mean where there's no
restarts in life
okay we'll go fix it no you won't I
don't know how to work these things
you know I didn't show I really think I
was meant to happen yo he's got a wire I
don't know well I gotta go so I think we
have to go to the next event we asked
the over the next event to double use I
think Jessie starting to catch on to the
fact that something's going on and that
everything is like starting to go wrong
for him I think he's actually really
salty that we're not racing again brows
like yo I didn't do anything
whoa Jake Pollard's thank y'all so much
yes I saw like today was absolutely
incredible such an amazing time
competing with you Jesse I think I'm up
to right I'm up to the second one but
like whatever yeah yeah I'm too tired to
generation but guys are tomorrow we will
find out who gets put into the video
game the stakes are high you really are
bullies hey Jesse he's a really nice guy
I think this is the first time I really
got to meet Jake Paul and honest to god
he's a really nice guy so everyone and
don't forget to get your copy of Need
for Speed payback right now the link
will be in the description guys it is
such a sick game we relive the
experience today what if you haven't
joined the Jake Collin family already
copy yourself some of the hottest merch
in the game fan joy cope Excellus jake
paul dev on the haters the status
switcher is now available get it before
it runs out it's my favorite sweatshirt
in the game smash that subscribe button
and we will see y'all tomorrow because
it's everyday hey what's up Jake
Pollard's listen guys I want to be able
to give you guys exclusive updates on
merchandise news things I have going on
in my life if you guys want to be able
to communicate with me text me talk to
me do with all of these amazing things
then go to next Jake Paul me text Jake
Paul calm which is gonna give you guys
exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that's easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty dabs
every day bro
Jake polders it isn't all new season of
merge guys this stuff is super fans Waco
backslash Jake Paul get it while you can
yeah make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
