guys I've spotted him but he doesn't see
party people oh my god how many was that
boy man there was um that uncle kids in
the back uncle Nathan is here you know
it was about to go down we are on the
move party people take your vlog belts I
see you this is a seat belt but you guys
are gonna take your vlog belts and
you're gonna put them right on baby who
are part of the journey now say
hallelujah if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake parlours and
welcome to my life where it is lit every
single day bro with Matt are you a jake
baller bro yes yes Wow can we do a
teamwork dab yes oh oh man what do you
think the chances are we make this play
um yeah
so uncle Kade brings up up we're losing
were losing the Jake ballers come back
okay back there brings up a good point
we are on the way to the airport on a
very important somewhat secret mission
and we're late really I actually ranted
about it this morning I wake up in the
morning I got a vlog
got a pack I gotta talk to CEO Chris
about the March sales I gotta eat food I
gotta walk Apollo I gotta give Apollo
moon I gotta brush my teeth I gotta wash
my face I gotta wake up chance and
Anthony I'm basically like a dad guys
like having this much responsibility
sometimes it's just like it's hard
that's why I'm usually always late like
that like we could potentially miss on
place right now in Vegas and we cannot
miss our flight that's what I'm like
hurrying up and I'm showering like as
fast as I can
not only that guys the list goes on it's
like Nathan I stood get the batteries
Nathan have to clean the land they can
ask them get dressed you know I'm saying
like this is all the type of stuff that
you don't see behind the scenes at the
point is that I'm trying to hear that is
that I'm terrible I'm terrible timing
like literally always late and sometimes
I just want to be beautiful
i bitar you mean I say in the one spot
damn it vlog camera life sorry you know
what I mean Matt you have to deal with
some blonde choch at like 11:00 a.m.
just like yelling in your car right now
but you know how mad would you be if I
like pop this right now
that's right okay I like that
and speaking of fast my Lamborghini
almost got destroyed this morning roll
oh I know I never thought this moment
would come
Dylan is taking mr. blue here I don't
know we still don't have a name for mr.
blue give us the key to Dylan to take
mr. blue in because mr. blue is getting
some upgrades he's getting the J polish
names engraved on the inside of it oh my
gosh he's 12 years old and he's gonna
drive my Lamborghini oh my god but he's
gonna go he's gonna customize it so
there's also gonna be some special
things that Dylan's gonna do to it but
you go to the door it matches my hair so
technically I deserve this oh my gosh it
is magic
just don't crash it cost you $350,000 am
i doing this man I don't know
okay oh that's like my worst nightmare
and now he has a 40 minute drive to West
Coast Customs a pimp it out you realize
that within 12 seconds of driving that
you've scratched it don't worry about me
driving just remember who my dad is I'm
not looking to just drive away this is
my happy place Jake ballers when the
world is coming down I mean I just go
inside here and I just I just think
about all the good things they have in
life oh it's first scratch from a 12
year old
I forgive you Dylan I'm not mad right
now y'all are caught up to speed sort of
you still don't know where we're going
or what we're doing what it is about to
be alliteration situation however it
will only be a little if we actually
make it to our flight I'm worried man
however Jake Pollard's this does explain
somewhat where we are going right now we
are on our way to Las Vegas where the
party never stops and we're stuff that
happens stays there but I wanted to
bring this because this this is like a
party and like it like Las Vegas and so
like I was gonna pop it but like
but since we are going to Vegas at least
we could do polish can you hear me
I mean everything you know I'm selling
what we use but of course they have
their doors but I sell merchandise
pander it I'll call backslash Jake Paul
Stannis sweatshirt it's my favorite one
how much more to the game you know take
father's back to the point though but
we're going to Vegas right now because
if you guys remember we did a need for
speed brandy oh where we are huh went in
the desert and had a racecar scene the
other day and now guys it gets even
better we're going back we're doing more
need for speed action cars you're 15
missions we're meeting up with another
youtuber as well who I think you guys
will love but I'm gonna keep that part
of surprise and we're basically gonna be
driving all around Vegas and like
competing in these missions to see who
has more need for speed yeah also while
we're in Vegas you know what team 10
takes Vegas or any city it just again
turns into a situation that gets rowdy
where I'm talking some horns bro I'm
good have you ever thought about doing
social media no you really got to think
about it I'm telling you dude we're
almost there so Jake Pollard's honestly
though we are probably going to miss our
flight two minutes before the bag cut
off oh gotta go all right by my man
one more teamwork death one more
teamwork death oh yeah
manager cap I'm here have a lot to do I
got a shower stuff and sometimes I just
want to be a beautiful Kate Kate come on
bro we're going to Vegas
I got a do it baby here we go oh yeah
manners are kept at the Sprint uncle
Nathan okay they are still back there
am I ready what amazing and I'm okay no
okay
uncle Nate this no they're gonna miss
the place no I literally ran so fast oh
yeah sorry sorry about that it'll see
right what's your name Marilyn Marilyn
well Marilyn and I are gonna mingle and
see jig haulers in a little bit and I
guess Marilyn and I had a great
conversation I taught her how to dab
Jake Paula's Arthur Street here in Vegas
it's about to go down
I was required
yo spectacular you know middle seat it's
like sometimes you have to sit in the
middle seat to appreciate the aisle see
you know say life's of full-circle kids
and speaking of circles you know your
boy couldn't conquer Vegas without
hitting up a bagel first big events take
all that ah
we found our driver yo I got that need
for speed it's about to go down take a
picture yeah let's do it
you got that merge so we're here moms
are already hitting on me wrong you know
my friend Matt by chance no he's a
driver no Matt team work dab and just
really miss my friend Matt Vegas we're
here and it looks like I'm gonna have to
this solo dad but uh we're still I
didn't like I said guys my life is Oh
Matt I can't even like live a normal
life anymore I'm Lily showering my
clothes on like what basically dad can't
do it anymore I just can't do it it's
time for me to take things back into my
control and guys look at these Christmas
trees Christmas album coming December
first always plug dad but it's time for
me to take things back into my control I
don't even own like luggage
I don't own a suitcase this suitcase
that I brought with me to Vegas isn't
even my suitcase this is Erica suitcase
if it weren't for her then like I live I
wouldn't even have been able to bring
clothes like I would be naked right now
I would literally be naked in Vegas
which what happens in Vegas stays in
Vegas oh it really wouldn't matter
anyways but living my life like an adult
so I'm going to buy myself my own damn
suitcase that isn't some blue mat cool
suitcase
no offense Erica it's time to be an
adult again damn it dick I've been an
adult from like 60 years education
spending money is the first step to
being a tall
this is what I need man I'm gonna mean
adult man be a little be an adult I
never have owned my own suitcase until
now yeah taking it my buy it okay thank
God okay okay you can have it I made a
song with Gucci Mane to perfect yeah
it's like perfect oh this is it what
guys what happens in Vegas stays in
Vegas oh please don't tell Erica then I
left her suitcase in the trash can
because she'd probably be pissed so yeah
I don't don't just don't tweet her
anything on a separate note guys and I
hate to like change the subject so fast
but I do want to since we are in Vegas
give like a moment of remembrance for
like all the families and stuff who were
affected by the tragedy that happened
here like literally only like a month
ago still to me is like such a crazy
thing in an unfortunate event and my
love and like thoughts and prayers go
out to like all the families and anyone
who's affected by that event and it's
kind of like just a reminder to all of
us to live life to the fullest every day
appreciate everything we have so hashtag
Vegas strong guys I know I know this
amazing city is gonna push through it
and and recover but but that's why we
got to stay positive guys on a
day-to-day basis and yo who's down to
play some hide and seek in this sick
hotel am i right well that's my gym is
it a two person I didn't see game it's
you know you've managed your calves you
got a boy is even in a camp like this
Saturday night
no actually I'm gonna vlog I'm gonna
take the vlog camera Nathan how are you
and if you're not you have the camera
now I'm looking for you guys we are in
this giant hotel right now check it out
it's one of the most popular hotels here
and it is the perfect time to play hide
and seek no not in the room over the
whole hotel grow manager cab your plane
bro yes
we're breaking him out of his business
shelf all right guys insane
giant hotel hide-and-seek in 60 seconds
60 59 58 57 56 whole time kidding me
what a minute
it's a whole frickin hotel what am I
gonna do in one minute
actually just kidding I have a plan I
need to put a hoodie on so the jig
doesn't recognize me
all right I'm on my way the business
center this is literally absolutely
ridiculous I can't believe Jake ball
sucked me in to play hide and seek right
51 69 all right guys I'm cool now
hopefully there's this bond it's like in
from all the wrestling before
okay guys I just got back to my room
okay guys so got my sweatshirt on Jake's
not gonna recognize it all right got my
room key I'm gonna go to a slot
34 69 25 24 it's a really big area
there's a really pretty sunset but I
don't know if he's gonna be able to find
me to be honest because it's huge
all right guys I'm in the business
center literally is all business it's
perfect for me can make my calls while
Jake has trouble finding me I'm
struggling Jake Poly's I'm I'm sorry I'm
trying to be an adult okay 2 1 ready or
not here I come
would you look at that I found the first
person ha ha it's a Jay Paul status
Treacher my life and joy kopacz nice Jay
Paul shameless plug hey guys this is
serious like I have no life
okay I just thought that there before
should I hit hotel this place is
insanely massive like 20 storeys giant
lava pools everything if I wrong
if I were uncle Nate if I were manager
Ken where would I hide okay guys I'm by
a trash can
I think he might walk by me
goes by oh this would be a good spot no
I just got out of the elevator just made
it to the ground or need to act like I'm
gambling need to act like I'm gambling I
want to be able to get a good vantage
point by the elevators kinda elevators
are over there so I'm gonna be like
peeking to keep my lookout and then when
he problems I'm just gonna go good okay
guys so we're in the business center I'm
blending in with all those business
people Jake's got no shot at finding me
I definitely did not plan on playing
hide and seek is the first for me by the
way I've had a refilm in this thing like
20 times because my phone keeps getting
blown up with call frustrated good scene
oh I feel like I'm goo K would be at the
casino but I'm gonna check the parameter
first uncle Ches loves to gamble oh my
god I don't think I realized what I was
getting myself into yeah how giant this
place is someone's definitely at the
pool come out come out wherever you are
this is so much fun oh that would've
been a good spot I'm coming I'm coming
I'm at the pool now go that's like a
giant ass spot though like where would
they be god I just
oh darling Canadian guys have spotted
him but he just said
oh you son of a gun why did I know you'd
be at the pool I put all my clues
together I bet you uncle Kade is that
the casino and manager cath probably
just quitted went home well now that
you're here
oh great glad you found me first right I
thought for sure manager keV was gonna
be at the Starbucks they have Wi-Fi and
with Wi-Fi you can do business but I
guess not been here a while faking like
I'm gambling I'm sighting a suspicious
Jake has to be close
there's a ton of business people look at
all these business people look at them
just doing their business
I smell manager cab I smelled him now
joycie I swing the chains of the
business and Kevin's right and business
is booming hey what did you get her the
March she ordered a pocket gun how'd you
find me so quick I'm fine just real
quick I just thought it was business
well no that's what led me to you I
never you'll know though uncle Kate is
still on the loose here we go he's
definitely in the casino with all those
new Instagram pictures he might be
getting styled up kate has been stalking
a model he has been being a model but
guys it does feel good to be back in
Vegas happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
and the last time I was here Eric and I
got married Erica I just want to say you
mean so much to me your big green eyes
so that footage he's definitely playing
a game looking looking looking looking
people are starting to dress like
uncle's look at this guy
complete uncle bro Kate's got to be
close he's in his March I spotted the
cave merch
I knew it I knew it hey hey hey buddy
bro I spotted your birds Rohan you can
have your mercy all right he's frozen
there yo I just knew that this is where
uncle Caine would be playing a good old
good old game of Twister some whatever
those whatever these adults are playing
now yo bro
totally cool well yours was the best
spot was Ethan was like sitting by a
trash can and Kevin was at the business
now he wasn't even hiding that he's just
doing work that's what I said well does
that make me the winner winner chicken
did win bro you did win but must put
some knowledge on you I'm gonna drop it
you want some knowledge I'm gonna give
you some knowledge guys I tweeted this
and when I started practicing this tweet
my life became so much better successful
people never worry about what others are
doing this has held true in my life so
so so much there's social media now
everyone wants to be cool for everyone
else everyone wants to show what they're
doing every wants to act like they're
having more fun than everybody else
everyone wants to act like they're
working hard blah blah blah blah which
is great express yourself be social but
on the other hand you shouldn't worry
about what other people are posting
talking about doing or let it affect you
be yourself
focus on yourself either best version of
yourself join the Jake Pollard's team
smash that subscribe button copy
yourself a status retro it's my favorite
sweatshirt in the game guys you already
know I rep it hard and I will see y'all
tomorrow it's gonna be an action-packed
day cars missions helicopters I'm
meeting up with another youtuber guys
it's gonna be so much fun make sure
you're subscribed for that stay tuned
and I will see y'all tomorrow because
it's everyday bro push I almost killed
on Canadian season
merge guys this stuff is super fans
guanaco backslash Jake Paul get it while
you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen guy
I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive marg exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's everyday bro
make sure you're subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
