that's why I've never seen them like
that chill with the vlog for one second
good morning Jake father some injustice
boy
that is how you start on your money also
Justin if you're watching this bro I'm
sorry but someone had to do it in your
Ferrari it's your not able to drive it
hopefully you're not a jig hauler and
aren't watching this right now and
aren't gonna call me pissed off but hey
it's fine yup and that's how we started
our days off here on the Jay Paul vlogs
yeah and if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake ballers put
your vlog belts on because you just
became a Jake Poehler and you are now
along for the journey and we are pulling
up for today's agenda yo is that Apollo
CEO Chris ho how's business
guys like I said we are on today's set
right now for the music video that we
are shooting today it's just back to
back to back to back music videos guys
were out here grinding grinding grinding
grinding why do these dogs look so much
alike
look at him it's like - Apollo's in one
a power be nice buddy they're literally
like twins it's like don't turn your
back on the runaway though and y'all
look who decided to show today we should
hail the Sun ready three two one calzone
and Apollo I call that Cal pollo who
wants a damn puppy like I said guys if
you're new here I'm Jay Paul and it is
lit every single day bro y'all are now
locked in for the journey that we got
going down the crispest vibes are so
real guys it's another day we're at a
location right now a random house and
today's music video that we're shooting
is all I want for Christmas yo that is
me we can't give everything away guys
yeah
go mom go Tim rotten snack you're
talking about good morning Jake Paula oh
shit Jake Pollard's everywhere guys and
also I'm Santa Merry Christmas and
Nicky's starting this morning off as a
Santa Claus you know this day is already
off to a good start are you good bro and
guys I'm starting my morning off getting
makeup put on my face cuz I really want
to be sexy you know what I'm saying oh
you Chad speaking of being sexy guys I
know someone who's very very sexy her
name is Erica and it's her birthday
today
do you guys heard it right it is their
chance what are you doing just getting
you ready for the shoot okay thank you
oh that's besides the point basically
guys it's Erica's birthday last night at
midnight I facetimed her and took a
screenshot of it check it out I'm such a
good friend she is in Miami right now
but Erica we all love you happy birthday
keep on being sexy keep on being a go
and most importantly keep on Devin on
the mater's not only is it Erica's
birthday put it in this Sunday Funday
which means that we're gonna have a lot
of fun they're inside the people that
were running from and it wouldn't be a
Sunday fun day if we didn't have all of
these snacks and if I wasn't dressed as
a Santa Claus so I'm Justin as the Santa
Claus because why not blonde Shana and
since I'm mr. Claus my blonde Chuck
Santa I'm facetiming Erica on her
birthday and I'm gonna ask her to be my
mrs. Claus
will you be my mrs. Claus baby let me
see your lack of an outfit okay mrs.
Claus ooh daddy okay okay had to hang
out there hang out there but yo it's
Sunday Funday however people in this
music video he put me the dress up as
elves because they're basically making
like merchandise that's why CEO Chris is
in the music videos he's gonna dress up
as an elf a girl elf and make
merchandise it's gender neutral even
Sunny's dressing up as we got elves we
got Santa Clauses we got Nick Crompton's
we got CEO Chris and you'll look at this
shot right now guys like just oh my god
Nick you look like it's like a winter
wonderland this makes me so happy like I
said I love Christmas and Sunday Funday
yeah and you know your boy Stroh is back
in the building today Oh
Sunday Funday it's super high and your
guys it's a scorcher Anthony bro what
they said you wanted to know so I'm an
elf I think giveaway in the lyrics yep
bro I never thought my best friend would
turn into an owl
sure don't tell me Stroh I don't need
you I know you're directing but I don't
need you it's two officers honey you are
hot I'm Santa's Little Helper you're
Santa's little slut Santa's secret slut
so earlier when I threw the bike in the
pool basically the people who were
getting this house from they found out
yeah you got it bro you know I don't
know how that got there yeah dude I
don't know
sorry about that whoever's house this is
they were they threatening to kick us
out of the location because we threw
that like into the pool but here's the
thing like that bike is he is Hale and I
just cleaned it I did them a favor like
you - welcome
it's Sunday Funday and I'm as blonde
shots and I had
well go have a minute look at you dude
he broke his food what oh yo Joe you
always break your phone no problem
oh my god angry little Anthony actually
as a problem breaking all this phone on
the ground it jumped back up and hit him
in the leg and our chances bleeding yeah
really trying you'll what misses you bet
I am
what is going on I also looked like Goku
right now hold on ready yeah I was me
sorry why it was a wolf Sunday Funday
are you mad at me
he's blowing off my tenon bag it was an
accident I feel bad I shouldn't have
thrown their bike in the pool I was
impulsive
I'm an impulsive person like literally
my name like impaul SID no but it's fine
though I saw them there hanging out by
the pool like looking at it when I was
out of the pool and they talked about it
and then they just started laughing like
they didn't care at all I mean my
Christmas vibe I feel like I should buy
them a new bike you could buy him a new
phone - oh gosh no I don't know I don't
know whatever I did notice one thing
though have you realized just in that
like your tires aren't as like grippy as
before I don't know why you notice that
have you been doing donuts in the
driveway
no were you guys doing donuts no no no
no yeah no no where's your girlfriend
she's not here where's your mom you just
try to come at me crooked I love this
shot yo look at this look at all the
elves say what's up al
No there let me all like making merch in
this music video it's an artistic
Wonderland I'm overseeing the elves how
do you make the Mauro look at those
stockings bro it says - yes look at this
shot yo buddy
they all have tools and they're
basically making merchandise in the
music video it's absolutely insane
that's not like saw the merch hammer the
merch make them march that's why CEO
Chris is in there making the first row
how is business oh man it's going but
seriously though it is booming guys if
you haven't already gotten a status red
shirt that's my favorite one it's
everyone's favorite one you gotta go the
link in description enjoy deco backslash
make more yeah that's the logo pull down
the Jay Paul dab is a teamwork dab
keyboard AB
yo we're doing takes on tanks guys music
videos coming out grant can't wait for
you guys to see any ol chance did you
know that they made a Christmas Ice Age
movie back CEO Chris actually handcrafts
all of the merch that you guys wear
himself
Thomas Albert you're just a little angry
obviously like actually they're like
what is my life what are we doing right
now
I made a Christmas album and we're
filming the music videos for in November
it's lit like what is life guys right
say anything before we just freak out
leave what happened but like situation
actually really affected me Jake's
outside right now and he's really upset
he actually is upset because like we do
so much for someone they just stab you
in the back like that it just takes a
toll on you emotionally there's no way
you could have all that connection with
someone do so much like think your
family and then just have them forget
about you not care at all and low-key
I'll be honest me and the twins are
super super super super close like
little brothers I didn't talk to him for
a month and it made me upset sad he's
actually really amber oh we know talk to
him that's why I've never seen like that
chillin to vlog for one second he
doesn't show it to everyone because
everyone expects me to be this everyday
bro person but like it really does take
a toll
imagine how close you and Jake are oh we
went to Hawaii went on trips together
we'd hang out all the time or something
we were writers bro your boys I didn't
cry Jake why so soon you know why I just
got a little bit of water look Nick's
here I'm happy yeah I'm happy
what's next Joe what's next row are you
good I was crying I wasn't crying I was
crying I can tell Sunday Funday
I need a break or bleed am i bleeding
yeah a little bit no that's fuzz yeah
you just clawed me bro it's just a music
video
all right score up the dislocation
you're not mad at me right okay you love
me I'm sorry about the bike this is my
girl this is my girl oh she thinks I'm
gorgeous are you single what guys what
an eventful day it has been back at the
team tent house and yo if you haven't
caught yourself my favorite hoodie in
the game the status of the Oh check that
out oh my god that's personally my
favorite piece of merchandise become a
Jake Paul or guys ripped the merch smile
everyday dab everyday work hard every
single day get better as a person every
single day you guys are truly beautiful
people smash that subscribe button
become a part of the family and I will
see y'all tomorrow because it's every
day bro peace what's up Jake Pollard's
listen guys I want to be able to give
you guys exclusive updates on
merchandise news things I have going on
in my life if you guys want to be able
to communicate with me text me talk to
me do with all of these amazing things
then go to next Jake Paul me Tex Jake
Paul calm which is gonna give you guys
exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that's easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty dabs
every day bro
take Polar's it isn't all new season of
merge guys this stuff is super fans Waco
backslash Jake Paul get it well you can
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
