oh my gosh what is their name Missy I'm
missing two Yoder's real-life reindeer
oh my god this is the best day of my
life yeah yeah sexy oh you're looking
good
I already got my makeup on Jake polish
so you know it's about to go down today
put your vlog belts on let me intro this
video for you so Jay Paul is you
probably wondering what's going on so
low death and the answer to the question
of what is going on is a lot today is a
big day guys as always you know how we
do it I jump it's my big day I'm still
waking up but Jake Pollard's good
morning if you are new here I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake polish and
it's lit every I got it right this time
every day bro how you doing what's your
name I don't like I said guys it's lit
every single day brothers always
someone's going down ah what's up Ron
Tim thanks me Rhonda sorry can I call
you Ron but party people it is
officially grind season guys like I
don't think we have ever grind it harder
than we are grinding right now hit him
with a whip seriously though like today
we are shooting a hold on hold up oh I
have huge news for you guys I know I
know I've been talking about it in
Instagram stories and things like that
hold on hold on but I have an album a
flippin album son coming on December 1st
y'all ain't ready for it yo y'all ain't
ready for an album coming December 1st
say what y'all don't even know what is
going down in my world right now like I
am so stoked and today we are shooting
it once again another music video
hashtag grind cease at this time the
music video is a lot different than you
guys have ever ever ever seen before
underwear man today's music video is all
about Christmas was
we legitimately have leis we
legitimately have reindeer coming I
think Nick Crompton is gonna be Santa
that is why he's pretty makeup on Nick
hey you look great too but usually
though we have a fool on Santa sleigh
I'm gonna be like with my merch and like
growing merch out to the kids you know
what I'm saying I'm like lunch at Santa
well not only do we have this miss
sleighs
we have ugly Christmas sweaters party
people like Oh whose idea was this all
right guys there's no way we're on y'all
better be super excited guys because we
remix all of the like most popular
Christmas songs that there are today we
are shooting 12 days of Christmas so I
made my own version of twelve days of
Christmas what's going on it's a
Christmas party is on my favorite but
guys I tried to keep this a secret like
I tried to keep this holiday Christmas
album a secret from you guys for as long
as possible but like I just can't do it
anymore
we're gonna be shooting way too many
music videos and stuff like you're gonna
see all of the behind the scenes of the
making of them inside and it's gonna be
the most but like I said party people if
you're new here you guys are the Jake
polish you just became a jig Paul that
you're along for the journey put your
vlog belt on because it's about to go
down today and I think I'm gonna give
you a little bit just a little bit just
like 50 cents says just I want to give
you just a little bit of a sneak peek of
the song so he made 12 days of Christmas
Nathan you ready yeah I'm reporting yeah
okay on the first day of Christmas team
10 sent to me chance and Anthony on the
second day of Christmas that's all you
get oh I'm so excited for you guys to
hear all of these songs but you have to
wait until December first but it's about
to go go flip down somebody teamwork
that I need a team or death you messed
up the teamwork Deb I need an arm you
look like you got an arm
it was not bad we definitely did better
yesterday definitely better yesterday
but we sell time to redeem ourselves
damn it Nick Ryan always messing up my
dad so load up and guys today's video is
going to be directed by Stroh you
already know the game director Paul Berg
I'm like in a back seat today you know
you know that Stroh is about to kill it
because when he type my name into his
phone instead of just using the Oh at
the end of his name he put the O with
the slash through it he spells his name
STR o with a slash through it
where's my merch at oh you need March
band Roy Kovacs that's Jay qual hottest
march in the game what do they want a
sneak peek at the Christmas march to
your parents get it while you can
how hot down we're about to make this is
dopest music video directed by Stroh and
you know my rudolph is here Apollo is
actually playing Rudolph in today's
video she's gonna have a little red nose
and like the Christmas are you ready to
be rude ah please no okay so I'm here
with Ron / Tim what's up Ron
i'ma call you Ron yeah that's fine
yourself okay so basically guys Apollo
in this music video
he basically mates with another dog and
they have eight puppies and so there's
all these little puppies coming this
puppy's everywhere like I said it's a
Christmas party I'm a blonde chopped
Santa what do you want for me dance
teamwork nap teamwork dad so we are
shooting the music video and I come
outside into Jake Pollard's are here
dabbing on them haters yeah what is up
squat everyone hit him with the dam oh
and my girls got that it's everyday Rome
works on yo that's my girl
teamwork damn I'm country I think I need
to jump one of you alright stand there
ready three two oh god those clothes
my life like if I die now I am happy
this is all easy to my life it's old st.
Nick
bro yeah you go oh this is the best day
of my life it's really turning into a
Christmas party now though because we
got presents on the sleigh and guys I'm
getting me really excited I'm starting
to freak out because I think there's
reindeer like legitimate reindeer with
antlers and stuff coming later and I'm
gonna try and ride one of them that's my
goal today that is my goal it is a
Christmas all right tough cop tough crap
and if you thought I wasn't gonna be a
Santa where are you Nathan
I'm here here you bet your ass I'm going
to be a Santa and not just any Santa
like I said earlier I'm a blonde
chachi Santa death taking Nick just
being Santa's and yo are you ready a
mrs. Claus trying to have some elves and
my mrs. Claus I mean Erica yo look at
this shot if this doesn't make you happy
I don't know what will and guys were
shooting on a green screen with the
sleigh because we're gonna put the
sleigh like it's flying into the air
like at night when we're delivering
gifts this is the most legit thing we've
ever done but I saw I'm the first and
with easy
Jake paws I actually love Christmas like
it's one of the most like special times
for me I always loved it as a kid
growing up I would like be the first one
up leaving Santa cookies like that's why
we made these songs it's because I love
Christmas it's so fun hi guys sneak peek
of what its gonna look like we're flying
into the air in the actual music video
already
yeah that's what that's what
sant√© I don't know about this man
there's still so much for us to deliver
and we're running out of time
oh stop oh man we need to save Christmas
I got
yo we killed that shadow my god and yo
look who decided to show up so sunny man
it's so sunny but seriously how's the
weather today sunny it is sunny ha ha ha
is that Santa Claus oh my gosh I'm
looking for my boy named Ethan but yo oh
my gosh what does the name Missy know
there's real-life reindeer oh my god I
ride one of them that's my goal it's
Lily all I want to do today this one
looks like he wants to be original I've
never seen reindeer my life before and
there's if it isn't mr. Disney himself
oh you big kiddo I'm good I brought you
doughnuts you're so big you're like an
adult now I'm still pretty small oh my
got the bugs missed you okay I gotta
film this music video filming a music
video I'm Santa Claus
well mister you broke away from Disney
Channel to being her Santa Claus man I
really don't think where has your career
gone that's too bad I still get more
views than your you guys a show right
busy doesn't pick the blog's are paying
like good god person oh yeah anyway
anyways yeah I'm everybody Sunday
we need to love each other yeah but no
and we do love each other yeah yeah see
like watch is gonna give me a bite not
not good
Disney kids they get really egotistical
what do you want for christmas Jake
Palmer remember the other day I ate your
cake pop you want Nick Crumpton there
you go that's the real Santa if you
didn't think we're gonna have babies at
this music video shoot you're wrong
don't know yeah now you're happy all
right guys so we're changing the ha
scene right now I have to pull my
Lamborghini into the studios then we get
some shots with it
from
she's a lot I always knew that my lambo
was the spaceship and then I could go to
space yo check this out so go into space
oh my god oh my god it's in space oh my
god and look who decides to show up
what's up bro Anthony no chance he went
to the dark side here what what are you
doing get your hands off the car bro
don't touch it don't you touch it it's a
Lamborghini
yo hey you smell that
did you smell that buddy I do my ohio
senses are tingling
I'm gonna go hunting I smell beer oh
yeah we got a book in the prime
vanishing for the boy we have reindeer
from the North Pole in Los Angeles for
this music video catch me there's
reindeer Wow holy that's a ranger you
want a graham cracker yeah what's your
name are you at Jake Pollock do you have
March his horns are giant antlered
things are oh my god oh my god this is
so cool don't scratch - the Lambo can
you say like and subscribe I just did
the sickest photo shoot ever with this
one we're doing the photo shoot his
antler almost took my eye out
do these pictures look at these pictures
alright from Tesla to a reindeer
you got this tents oh man you got it bro
I'll bite your face off I don't think so
you heard it here first squad so you
know in music videos you gotta have hot
girls so we got a bunch of hot girls oh
look at this it's going down right now
but if you'll notice Justin's girlfriend
oh she's in my rope
my music I know I know her mama Rome but
I yeah how you doing today Justin I'm
good I'm good I'm good
Jake still follows you and I G drink
does stuff oh man Jake it's a Christmas
fun party and your boys showed up I
think we need to hit a teamwork dab I
haven't hit a proper one today ready for
this music video to get this witch
yo I don't know much you guys but this
music video is getting like really
sexual it's getting really sexual replay
this clip I'm sorry guys honestly this
music get videos getting too late I'm
gonna start a little Anthony do we stand
you have reindeer in the front I'm will
ran over all those reindeer when you
pulled up it's our big day it's Sam it
here yeah yes yes we have a situation we
don't wear Apollo Apollo supposed to be
Rudolph we actually lost I lost Apollo
no seriously yeah seriously
Ethan we had him on over oh never trust
the Disney kid damn it gonna follow all
these dogs and still no dude did we
actually lose Apollo Apollo have you
seen a dog he's like this tall and he's
like he has two million on Instagram so
how do you get there how do you get
there where were you what were you doing
buddy what are you a fight with some
cats okay we're going back to shooting
this music video Jake is actually about
to do a take right now and I am in it
I'm gonna get some behind the scenes
this is so painful look how dirty it is
the only way it will make it better is
if a bunch of girls clean it off okay
I'll clean it up myself alright guys so
the next part of the song is on the
seventh day of Christmas Saint Crompton
sent to me seven British booties and we
ought to torque like this practice it's
so sexual up in here what what's working
as well yeah you're torquing guys that's
a wrap on the music video I'm gonna pop
it why that nose real no we're just
clean the ice I'm not gonna do it so do
not thirty minutes on to the cleanup
time I'm not gonna do it no I just
wanted to celebrate that it's a wrap we
wrapped the music video I'm not gonna do
it
ah rehydrate go kill the music video
guys solo damage and guys if you haven't
seen our new music video already
Saturday night what are you doing it is
the most fire video in the world however
I know for a fact someone saw it and it
is my mom she saw it and she reacted to
it mom you're absolutely it's like I
love my mom she's so cute and if you
haven't already gotten your Saturday
night 48-hour exclusive merchandise then
what are you doing bro every time we
drop exclusive merchants for all it
sells out so you need to go right now
second of all people are like you know
I'm never gonna be able to get it again
you don't want to miss out on this guys
what do you mean it's the hottest parts
of the game go to the link in the
description Phandroid octo backslash
dick Paul your boy is out here getting
and don't worry guys you'll be able to
get some of this Christmas merch and
other exclusive merch coming soon like
these hats oh my gosh yeah but until
then guys take your vlog belts off you
have been with me on today's journey
smash that subscribe button join the
strongest team on YouTube Jake Paul
Lazzaro out here yeah and I will see
y'all tomorrow because it's Christmas
Day bro what peace
Jake folders it isn't all new season of
merge guys this super fans with go
backslash tape off get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that's easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty Deb's every day
bro make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
