it is time to address the the situation
that is going down with my brother just
a good old American baseball
if you moments later
nothing like some good old American
baseball to start off your morning party
people yeah
look guys we're out here we're singing
playing John's baseball there's a lot
going down at the team tent house baby
good fathers woods if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul this is the team house and
it is lit every single day bro put your
belt on because it is going down today
you guys are along for the journey you
guys are now Jake parlors and yo you're
probably wondering like what's going
down like who is this girl singing right
now in the vlog this girl is like the
little sister that I never had but
seriously guys she's like the little
sister that I never had and Logan is
like the sister that I always had
and speaking of Logan there's a lot of
beef that's going down right now
and I'm gonna have to address that and
tell you guys how I really feel about
Logan but we got more important things
to do right now I forgot to introduce
you to my little sister here Sonny
that just happened but your Sonny yo but
really quick how's the weather but
seriously guys Sonny is my flippin
little sis BFF look at this movie FS
only BFS to do this bad she's gonna be
hanging out with us for today and you
right remember when we stayed at our
house in Texas where she has a backyard
waterpark and I think you are now like
the youngest person that's hanging out
at the team penthouse she's 13 years old
and you're single
oh my god no that boy Jake ballers are
gonna go crazy
and speaking of the team penthouse guys
team 10 has the word team in it and so
does teamwork and I love teamwork and I
also love dabbing and I also love team
Debbie Jake what's a team dad this is a
team dad
Julie go team to having its way but we
definitely need to calm down bro we need
to calm down
like I said guys it's lit every day yeah
I don't know why I'm throwing this red
snapback seriously though because you
know I normally wear a red snapbacks but
this time it says it's everyday bro on
it and it's got a signature on the back
it's not available not yet sorry we got
that hot merch coming soon those Shh
don't sleep ah but Jake callers I just
realized that we're getting way too late
I forgot to introduce you to my good
friend here sterling I couldn't team or
dad without Sue's you
sterling Griffin for the Jake Pollard's
- no this is a story this is a story
when I first met sterling here I go
what's up man my name's Jake my name is
sterling Griffin and I was like you know
his name is sterling Griffin like how
often do you meet someone and they're
just like both full names sturdy
handshake I was like yo this man's a
legend and we're on another team work
you keep on being Sonny Sonny
and like I said it's lit every single
day bro there's a lot going down at the
team ten house today and in my life in
general I got a deal with some beef with
my own brother I got to build a merch
store I gotta drive a car I got a waffle
like I said guys there's a lot going on
at the team ten house though right now
and I made us stoked on it bro the merch
store is being built there's literally
going to be a giant merch store in our
house bro like it actual Jake Paul merch
store I'm like I'm like freaking out
you'll come get a sneak peek yo hey guys
you could see the counter guys right
here that's where you gonna check out
the merch guys oh my god I'm freaking
out man and speaking of merch you guys
gotta get the hottest merch in the game
guys y'all we got new stuff available
now on fans right octo backslash shake
ball always plug and it's just running
out so fast every kid wants the merch
it's a movement it's a movement you guys
made it a movement so go there while you
can shameless plug Soledad solo damn yo
that gave me an idea
oh my god Nathan are you recording yes
oh my god oh my gosh I came up with an
idea are you listening bro I'm not
listening wait
got it I'm good what if we like came up
with the most uh are you good we try to
make or do the most epic teamwork dabs
possible I think he likes the idea
he's fighting we're on a mission to do
the most epic he worked out this one's
called the dirt bike dab
this one is called the flying bar finale
we are hitting a diving damn baby shower
guys up from the pool diving dab that
was so much fun teamwork dabs I think
that's a new thing yeah speaking of
teamwork guys the team 10 team employees
are on the couch we move the office no
here that's what pisses me off because I
bought a seven million dollar house with
a giant office in there and none of you
employees even work in the office we're
not working as a team people except for
Nick Crompton what if I want to just
like do that on the couch and while
we're on the topic of teamwork one more
teamwork that I just yeah we talked
about how chance doesn't do anything and
Anthony carries the Holt there it is no
longer chance Anthony it is just and
Anthony he's sleeping in he's got a
girlfriend he's messing up his verses
and getting pissed off but it's just
like an opinion and yours guys doesn't
mean I'll still be on the hot dog I say
you drop him bro I can't well but you
were in the gym this morning I walk in
these like show me the video on his
phone no chance where you at my boy I'm
out here working out by myself bro I
miss you
he literally has abandoned it us
abandoning us that's us he shows up when
he wants this is not good row and guys
sterling here sterling Griffin sorry yes
say it right J sterling Griffin thank
you very much he is a life coach he's a
professional life coach
I think chance needs intervention maybe
not today but like oh we're losing them
it's got to be along this journey chance
but enough about mr. Ice Age I have more
important news guys I bet you didn't
realize that
day is Saturday and that means that our
song Saturday night is dropping within a
couple of hours hello good morning how
are ya we put so much time effort and
energy into this video and the song guys
here's a little sneak peek of the music
video which is dropping in a couple of
hours you can see the full thing then
but sneak peek Saturday night what you
do in the Saturday night this song is
all about Saturday night and the things
that take place and go down on a
Saturday night slumber parties date
Uber's Netflix and so I think I'm gonna
ask people around the team ten house
what they're doing this Saturday night
what you doing this Saturday what you
doing this Saturday night I actually had
this idea everyone in team ten on these
stairs right now I'll jump over you
Thank You sunny you always put
everything in the context for me so
you're gonna come flying from over here
yeah over team ten off the stairs in
front of the team ten mansion I'm down
okay I am dude I just realized something
when it's sunny
people get Tanner oh my god wait how do
you get more Tanner - Tanner's -
Tanner's what bro you sure about this
one more one more one more
you got this Tanner antenna and Sony's
making them Tanner party people your
plug belts are still on we're still
killing the game we're still at the
antenna everything's getting Tanner
everything's getting sunny if the
teamwork is going great and I want to
point out one thing yo look at how fire
the garage is looking right now we got
guac Scylla
we got bloodshot green bro a black car
the cadet the blue mobile yes is Ferrari
the off-road truck Jakes garages on fire
cakey McNab but now it is time to
address the the situation that is going
down with my brother I don't know if I
wouldn't call it beef I just call it
like brother yeah yeah and Jake pause
guys things aren't always like Sonny
company sometimes things have to get
serious though what had happened was is
that the other day my brother makes a
video titled how we really feel about
Jake Paul and in this video he explains
his situation where he got caught by the
paparazzi saying that him and I aren't
close she was that I'm not closer with
Jake and he goes on to explain how he
feels about that and says like yeah
we're actually like super close tonight
and that he loves me and blah blah blah
blah and I was like yeah dude I'm not
close with Jake it sure I'm not closer
with Jake that I don't know this I love
this kid I may be the only one in the
world do these my brothers I felt bad
about that which is true however there
is another side of our relationship
don't get me wrong I feel the same way
about about my
love him like he's an awesome guy super
talented and I mean that's kind of yeah
hard-working that's what leads us to the
other side of our relationship and the
reason why chance and Anthony are here
is because they have seen our
relationship develop since like 14 years
old and here's the thing our
relationship in my eyes is bipolar one
minute it's great and one minute it's
not I think the Internet has seen this
before and that is totally and 100% true
and I hate it like it's the most
frustrating thing in the world for me
because I'm always trying to be the best
brother and and like uplift Logan as
much as possible as much as possible and
support him and support him and support
him and give him and help him with
anything that he needs and be there for
him and have his back to anybody that
ever ever tries to go against him and
that is a 100% fact Logan on the other
hand is the opposite he is always
wanting to kick me or punch me or push
me down so that he can always be
one-upping me like they're not trying to
one-up you T's always just trying to
stay ahead and I think he'll do like
whatever he can like I would just never
make a video of someone Simon about the
video but like the fact that you would
go with someone who said that about your
brother that's my next point is that in
this video
Logan once again does this he once again
is trying to put me down he once again
is trying to like start drama and once
again is trying to make me look bad or
offend me so that he can make himself
look better and play it off like he's
not doing yeah like to play it off like
everything's totally fine if that was
your brother you would never do that to
your family member like ever in this
video titled how we feel about Jake Paul
he's with this girl who's Justin
Bieber's ex-girlfriend as you guys know
this girl has talked smack about me he
randomly is hanging out with this girl
putting her in his video so that she can
sit there and talk about me as a brother
how would can you do that how can you
support someone talking about your
brother on your own platform in your own
house thing is though like I just don't
get it I'm the brother
like I refer to you as my brother yes I
wouldn't ever never do that ah even
having these friends that they're like
and just say things that were negative
towards Jake like there's just no need
for any of it I don't understand it's
been since we're like we were kids she's
throwing up like through high school I
feel like you would never really have
our back the reason why I'm talking
about this is because like this is how
we feel about Logan Paul and they make a
video how they feel about me I'm gonna
respond to it I would have never brought
this up if they hadn't made that video
Logan you made a mistake dude not only
did you make a mistake but you continued
to make this mistake and maybe you're
not even making a mistake maybe you're
doing it on purpose which I think you
are I fully believe but if you truly did
make a mistake I can forgive you but you
need to stop doing this like you
constantly do this you go and you make
videos with that group you go and make
videos with my ex-girlfriend like you
need to stop dude like it's not cool as
a brother like I would never do that to
you I don't think any brother would do
that then I know of that's why it hurts
my feelings so much and I got hate to
dabble in this drama with Logan because
I love him and he's my brother and at
the end of the day the löwe getting
pollard's never lose when something is
bothering me I'm going to make a video
about it and put my feelings out there
because I'm not gonna sit in this little
bubble because that has hurt me in the
past but guys Khloe and I are always
gonna be the other we're always gonna be
on top he's my biggest competition we'll
probably hit like half to make more
videos like this in the future just
because like it's hard it's hard living
this life on camera Logan I apologize if
this offends you at all I didn't I
didn't mean to offend you and I don't
want to start anything so that's how I'm
gonna end that but Chanel Justin
Bieber's ex-girlfriend whatever your
name is
you have no right to ever talk about me
you have no grounds to say anything or
like mine my name should never be in
your mouth you talk smack about me once
and I ended your career with a response
video and then you have like how dumb
are you how dumb are you
Chanel you're gonna go to my brother's
house to try and get more fame because
you're once again irrelevant and you
don't make any money and your careers
washed up and you're known as Justin
Bieber's ex-girlfriend so you go to my
brother's house to sit down and and try
and talk smack about me again this is
where I get mad
my emotions start to come out there's no
reason for you to even be talking about
me I don't know you I've met you like
once in my life and chanel you know
you're a horrible person so don't bring
good people like us at the team
penthouse again in your mouth I'm still
your dad I'm not buying you a
Lamborghini you don't deserve that act
you know what I'm not you know I'm not
your dad
I don't want to be your dad you suck but
Jake polish guys I'm stoked because the
Saturday night music video is about to
come out in a couple of hours and yo
there's exclusive March that is going
along with it check out this exclusive
Saturday night merch guys oh my gosh
literally you can wrap that every
Saturday night wherever you go with your
friends it's super hot fire you guys
only have 48 hours to get this Saturday
night March we've never done a 48-hour
drop guys if you've missed any of the
exclusive drops before you know how sad
you were afterwards so don't miss this
one join the jake paul her family smash
that subscribe button
fans Royko backslash jake paul dab on
them a tour his team work damn oh it was
kind of not good teamwork like I said
earlier it's just Anthony film all the
videos no you don't but guys stay
positive
don't let the cloudy things get to you
always stay sunny too as well look at
yes and I will see you guys tomorrow
because it's everyday rubbish what's up
Jake Pollard's listen guys I want to be
able to give you guys exclusive updates
on merchandise news things I have going
on in my life if you guys want to be
able to communicate with me text me talk
to me do with all of these amazing
things then go to next Jake Paul me text
Jake Paul calm which is gonna give you
guys exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty dabs
every day bro
Jake Pollard's it isn't all new season
of merge guys this stuff is super fans
Waco backslash Jake Paul get it while
you can
yeah make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow whoo
