who is going to get put on the Christmas
Day bro remix song good morning Jake
polish we are outside of chance and
Anthony's room right now it is about to
go down there's so much going on today
put your vlog belts on oh my gosh allow
me to explain something really really
fast to you guys we made a song a couple
of months ago called it's everyday bro
I'm sure all of you guys have heard it
it goes something like this what what
rhymes with it's every day bro hold on
hold on let me think creative genius is
coming alive it polish yeah it's
Christmas Day bro genius so we are
working on making a whole Christmas Day
bro song for Christmas it's coming up
guys pay attention pay attention it's
coming fast however if you remember that
chance was on that it's every day bro
song and Anthony is still pissed about
it till this day I mean it has 150
million views and he's not on the song I
would be pissed too and so today I am
putting them into a competition to see
who really wants to be on the it's
Christmas Day bro song I'm such a mean
friend I'm going to wake them up right
now stay tuned vlog belts on and I'm
going to tell them that today they have
to write a verse for it's Christmas Day
bro and whoever's verse or rap is better
is going to get put on to the song hold
on please
Oh like I just can't imagine being told
this the stakes here are huge this could
potentially get 150 million viewers
maybe even more to jake paul there's
other strongest team out there smash
that subscribe button
yeah like I said Jake polish good
morning
whoa wait Oh guys come on I need to talk
to you I need to talk to you
hold on opening this window for you guys
cause it's about to get hot in here four
words for you guys it's Christmas Day
bro breathe you know how you're on
that's every day bro yeah I don't think
that was fair so we're recording in a
couple of hours and whoever writes a
better rap gets to be on the song so
yeah not to be the elephant in the room
but it's basically like who's a better
rapper chatter Anthony good morning
Justin Anthony fuck you guys wake up and
Anthony Justin's mom is already
downstairs wait you forgot that he
invited her so does Anthony just invite
you over in the morning and yeah and he
just makes you wait yeah okay and you're
just like fine with that yeah I mean
he's cute
okay you think he's cute yeah you don't
I mean I'm not saying he's not cute hey
no I gotta get a cat scan and stuff but
I haven't tasted or smell anything
two months you haven't tasted or smell
anything in two months I was wondering
why your girlfriend smelled so bad
well you know Jake Pollard's gotta give
you all a proper intro if you are new
here I'm Jake DePaul you guys are the
Jake polish and this is the team 10:07
sighs you know just a very smooth Oh she
was going on here yeah you trying to
bribe me to put him under on the song no
I'm not taking any bribes I might take
some bribes honestly I would take a
bribe yeah Panera regular you know that
is my weak spot and it's also your home
- stop calling my phone but this is the
team ten house and it's lit every single
day bro I want to make sure you guys are
smiling I want to make
on them haters I want to make sure you
guys are working hard changing the world
that's what the Jake Pollard's do join
the movement y'all I miss that one not
but Apollo's cute so also good job
yesterday - Apollo you really defended
are you son of a where are you you said
20 minutes I'm done with this Tanner I
don't need this in my life I'm hanging
up hung up we gotta do stuff but guys we
do actually have to go on the move to do
some big business I guess we're gonna
meet Hannah you guys know Tanner Foxx
she's so cute and his guacamole car look
at this black male car so cute we're
just gonna meet up with them at our next
location because we have to take care of
some things really fast we're not taking
blood you're hopping in your little
elbow and I'm stealing justice for this
mom
I'm out hey whip games strong and
speaking of dope shot from first my shot
got room guys look at this piece of poop
on my Lamborghini and it was in the shot
of the whole entire time while I was
like shooting this way oh my god I'm
pissed you're on a day and you don't
have your wallet bro you're supposed to
be bribing me so I paid for their date
we go let me help you out because right
now you're not working you need to be
working Ron you have a verse to write
and maybe you could rap about bagels
there's definitely something about baby
or something I'm eating bagels I'm
spreading cream cheese
hey when I said I had some business to
take care of I really meant I had some
Fitness to take care of yeah and look
who decided to show up in his wacom only
car mr. Fox himself take a chip guys
like I said instead of business we're
doing Fitness new house new gym we got
to get swole I'm wearing a muscle shirt
with duct tape on it guys like first of
all fashion good job Jake and second of
all I need to work on these muscles
right Anthony's girlfriend yeah are you
hitting on me maybe no no it's just
really awkward with you it's just like
what am i man Louie Louie is gonna hook
us up guys we're gonna get swollen
basically I'm thinking one of these
racks dumbbells punching bags pull apart
let's see which we got definitely need
this weight tray up to a hundred Louie
can we powder coat it glossa red I'm
trying to go red definitely power
cookies glossary I think we need one of
these chalk balls man it's like LeBron
he goes like this and he goes and we're
from Ohio so my guy handsome Louie we
got hooked up guys this gym is about to
be dull we're going with a red paint
scheme I'm super excited gonna get in
the same painters I think that Logan
used in his gym to pimp it out yeah
smart but I call that some Fitness sure
instead of furniture but it is time for
some furniture let me tell you about
that let me tell you about it kids oh my
gosh
I'm here with my boy Dante yup my kids
basically we're gonna have a piece of
artwork in our house so Dante here is a
legit magician here's like a bunch of
his artwork basically what he does is he
makes it look like your house is like
built out of Legos so like you stripped
the wall back and there's Legos I know
Apollo
there's gonna be Legos here right yes
thank you you guys stuck okay well
they're having fun we go something
important is about to happen let me tell
you like I said we'd rather do something
really special for here with Samantha
right now
in this elevator Samantha say hi
Samantha's like my new best friend
yo it's not too Brown they're doing
Samantha's from Make A Wish and Samantha
and I have been hanging out for a little
bit now we were like yo Samantha do you
wanna ride in the elevator
hey we're stuck Samantha's parents were
stuck give me audio action look at I
mean I've been stuck in life for a while
but fine for Samantha within like the
first 30 minutes of knowing us we are
stuck in an elevator getting out of this
elevator Samantha's parents yeah we
legitimately got stuck and guys I don't
know if you remember but they had leaks
in the ceiling and we had to fix it by
our house is ruined I'm sorry Samantha
that yes so Samantha basically my boy
Dante is putting Legos into our wall how
sick is that right you're Jake Paula
but guys when we were gone chance went
to the doctor and he has to get surgery
on his nose around my nose and my ear
all the time you fell in the pool oh you
guys are still competing to see who's
gonna get put on the songs yeah yeah
yeah you guys write your verses yet did
you do so basically what we're gonna
have you guys do is like freestyle your
verses on them on the blog we're
recording it today keep it right and you
know that that's a freestyle you don't
write verses so I'm just saying you said
free stuff yeah I'm gonna break the
other gear Nathan you're fired all right
Samantha whatever Jake Waller comes over
we gotta hook them up with the March
Chad Chad steals the March my girl has
Justin Bieber merch and all I have to
say about that is I'm sorry Jake ball
son how does fortune the game whatever
you want okay you got it
hundred percent discount my girl is
pimped all right Samantha you got the
tour
you got the March fist bump Billy thanks
for you thank you for being the Jake
baller stay strong all right my girl tab
on the meters hey what's next studio now
and look at that they're both dressy
mrs. Spence rises kids chance versus
Anthony and I heated match of lyrics let
me know if you need some if you need a
Ghost Rider let me know cool yeah sorry
sorry I'm a vlogger minutes late and the
boys are finally done give it up for our
kid been waiting for who is going to get
put on the Christmas Day bro remix song
chants and Anthony are both going to
perform their verses for us five judges
mr. Jake Paul himself mrs. goat the COS
tell mr. T foxy foxy Fox mr. sleep the
one who is producing the beat and uncle
Nathan himself Thank You Nathan
you're hiding yeah we need you okay
which lady wants to go first
and Jake polish I want you guys to
comment
who is the verse you thought was better
before you hear our decisions hi Anthony
Saint Nick bring the bunny Saint Nick
bring the money Nick on the lambo slay
these haters in the way I just say okay
yeah we do this every day every morning
every night it's Christmas Day bro but
it seems a full life if you don't like
it quick we can have a snowball fight
tonight all right all right all right
that was good chance you're next mmm
I'll have a fat auto-tuned on when I do
this they know I got that money they
know I got a honey aisle here killing
like I'm Bundy this game a freaking
funny I'm buying gifts I ain't never
rapping like cindy-lou Grinch who the
heck are you
I'm Santa in the store kids are breaking
down the door yelling please give me
some more more MORE Wow okay it is our
turn please think about your answer I
guess I'll start off with my vote that
might not make anything awkward between
between our like a little friendship
here I thought I thought up Anthony's
was better well that was hard because
you said some about Cindy Lou Who I like
that we used for the team ten bars like
Tony Tony's got my vote
I know we've been through a lot I went
to your sister's basketball game i'ma go
Anthony man the moment child you're
Anthony yeah I'm Anthony gonna have to
go with maybe it's not that my vote
really matters at this point cuz it
seems pretty outweighed here but I'm
gonna have to go with auntie yo um I'd
like to give a loser speech none of this
matters like my ears damaged but your
guys's broken it's okay no I know but
it's just like an opinion and yours guys
he doesn't mean I'll still be on the dog
chance it's okay yo plot twist though
the whole entire time I was gonna have
you guys split up the verse no chance
the whole entire time I'm just gonna
have you guys split the verse
share it bro half-and-half I still
didn't choose me bro yeah I was choose
Anthony really yeah yeah yeah it was
proud you guys are gonna split the verse
you know Anthony your coolest splitting
the verse now writes my boy you said
we're not best friends yo I'm not gonna
lie I wrote the verse but even if I won
he missed out on it's every day but I
was gonna let him have it no matter what
the sort of Christmas you know I like to
get any who Jake polish if you haven't
already gotten the hottest merch in the
flipping game pan joy duh Kobach /a PO
we're running out of supplies we're
running out of stock guys even buy this
everything everything is selling out
guys get your status red shirt before it
sells out we got all the different types
of colors match that subscribe by NJ
parlors I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's every day guys go back
get it while you can yeah what's up Jake
Pollard's listen guys I want to be able
to give you guys exclusive updates on
merchandise news things I have going on
in my life if you guys want to be able
to communicate with me text me talk to
me do with all of these amazing things
then go to next Jake Paul me Tex Jake
Paul calm which is gonna give you guys
exclusive discounts exclusive March
exclusive text message it's literally
that's easy so go to text Jake Paul calm
right now and we're gonna be chatty
Deb's every day bro make sure you're
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
oops
