I'm feeling good I'm feeling great guys
we are doing today - hey if you're new
here I'm Jake you guys are the Jake
holders and it's lit every single day
bro we are currently at a roller rink
because we are shooting an absolute fire
music video today so party people put
your blog belts on you guys are now a
Jake collar you're locked in for the
flip attorney but if you're new here I
think I already said that but he flipped
over me so I made it cooler the second
time but y'all are gonna want to stay
tuned for this so much has already
happened today first of all what the
heck guys everyday and um it is hump day
which means we got a hump with us like I
said guys okay so you know well anywho
on a separate note guys this music video
is going to be absolutely in sane it is
an 80s 70s 80s theme which is why we are
at a roller rink with like disco balls
and stuff like that and guys this is
Nick the brits second song ever guys
since every day bro and you know he
killed that part
not only is Nick on the song I'm on the
song which means it's gonna be a banger
I don't know it is a banger also you
boys should jumpers on the song yo it
was his idea
he came up with the idea the song is
called Saturday night Jericho not only
is Nate the prick Crumpton in chat
pepper and Jay Paul on the song but
guess who made the beat yo we may be
made by uncle Nathan himself he's not
fired today folks this is his big day so
it was actually at Cades birthday party
I looked at him and I say yo we should
make a song he said I got a lot of beats
I said okay I listen to the beat and I
said honey that beat I hear we doing a
song you know is this gonna be your
first beat to ever come out yeah he made
the beat yeah bro you didn't know oh my
god and guys this song who is this guy
he keeps on popping up everyone who is
he kill y'all need to chill bro hey guys
the title of the song is called Saturday
night I think I've been talking about it
for a couple of days now and it's coming
out this Saturday so you guys have to be
ready like it's all about Saturday who
doesn't and because it's 80s and 70s and
90s themes that's the type of clothes
that we were gonna be wearing in the
music video guys like check out this
stuff and we had to get girls to dress
up like they're from the 70s yo yo the
poof there's so much pouf in that hair
too much boom it's like too much sauce I
got too much boo I got too much boo
and for the music video guys we had to
bust out the big cameras you know how we
do things we do it flip in big bro and
we got the best Steadicam operator in
the game literally his Instagram
username is steady jus how did you come
up with that just happened goes that way
just goes that way it's hump day so guys
the music video is about to get started
for the day we're gonna have so much fun
I'm excited to share the
behind-the-scenes with you put your vlog
belts on but I need to get you guys
caught up to speed because some things
happen this morning that y'all need to
know about you know what I mean
basically I had to do some big Hollywood
isness oh well
Oh Gary that's my guy Gary we gotta go
on the move guys because we are on that
early morning grind session yeah it's
hot Oh feel sick but it's hump day guys
you know things are about to go down we
are doing interviews this morning how to
do that big Hollywood is this people got
to get the brand got expanded to Jake
all this to a whole nother level I
remember eating serve sandwiches and
graham allowances son I remember serve
sandwiches income analysis you know it's
about to go down when Brooks is here he
hates being on camera books you gotta be
on camera bro here's my publicist he
publicizes me so I could be six how was
that Brooks spot-on
yes but actually guys we are at Warner
right now hold on pause Nathan Nathan
Nathan pause look at how nicely trimmed
these hedges are do see how nicely
trimmed those hedges are those are some
nice hedges profilin let me take a bit
what guys I'm actually about to get
interviewed sorry Brooks we're coming
bro we're coming does that DJ Callen
know guys how about the interview by the
big boy he interviews all the biggest
rappers on your logic shit Mandira all
the biggest rappers you know that and we
are currently at I heart media doing
this interview but I just heart dogs and
cookie is mainly but I heart media
school too again see look it's like
instead of I heart in media it's like
you just crossed out and go like I heart
don't know anyways guys we do these
interviews guys because because let me
edge let me educate you on the system
you do interviews and you get exposed to
a new audience and we take that audience
and we turn that audience into Jake
Pollard's and then the Jake Pollard's
get bigger and then the Jake Pollard's
get bigger and I didn't even do math on
that equation
yo we walk into the interview room it's
going now are you are you Jake Paula
Hey oh yeah yeah yeah yeah the jig
colors are out here getting it my boys
got the low getting polar merch on
FanDuel I come back like what would it
do
y'all are skipping school yes I respect
that stay in school kids or not get a
vodka and make yourself money hey squad
we flippin kill those interviews you
already know your boy did it big just a
kid from Ohio trying to make it big in
Hollywood and yo these hedges are still
looking nice one more Instagram picture
except I don't think I can post that
picture because it's a little bit too
hedgy hey that's some big Hollywood
business right there you already know
damn I'm doing it big what do you mean
what do you mean what now guys it's a
tease theme I don't dress like I'm from
the 80s I mean I don't know what to do
maybe my mom would know but then again
all she does is blog now good afternoon
hamsters yo can I wear these oh Jesus I
can hump so much stuff in this are you
nervous to be on camera no do you think
you're gonna feel more gonna be what the
face how could you even get like
Nate bro you better get dressed in the
eighties theme too bro and they got you
a wig no you're no that's freaky 2017
I'm wearing a wig - what's up Ricky the
Blazer here Saturday night
hey a preview feature Justin where else
would I do it in privacy I'm a free
spirit it's hump day oh I won't bear
excuse me yeah Ricky the blades are here
boys is back in action does anybody
wanna blaze or what yeah that's his girl
over and she was like cute but like she
was boring you don't even mean bro haha
lion Ryan coming in I didn't want to
tell you this all week but you can go
over there any time now tell them your
shoe size and your name and they'll give
you some roller skates and you can just
go to town that's called courting on
some skates Mike you're all skate make
the hello England mate mate mate mate
mate Ricky the pleasure
Ricky yo what you doing this Saturday
nah the song to come out already at some
de Paris gates you got me
read my name Ricky the laser size 10.5
my god
so cute II don't I can't look I'm you're
gonna mess up my hey hey who's Jake you
can call me Ricky the Blazer and because
it is the 80s guys mr. Dave two nuts had
to come in clutch with the 80s Ferrari
97 it's a 97 but it looks like it's from
the eighties so here's know this is
gonna be so good in the music video get
long fun fact Logan and I wrote a movie
together called airplane mode along with
this fellow and his friend Dylan but
full circle guys now we're just killing
the music video game and stuff airplane
mode comes out soon what you guys know
me director Paul Berg except today I'm
Ricky the blazer yes Winnie has ready
that is what winning looks like but
since I'm Ricky the Blazer today you can
call me director Blaise Berg you got
this Nick to stand out guy even stand up
I've been trying for 10 minutes stand up
push stand up push stand a push stand up
push say it with me stand up please
stand up push stand up push stand up
push they have this in the UK
stand up push stand a push you know this
does create a problem though because if
you can't really skate then how are you
strong it's really oh I've been saying
this for the past week well why aren't
you learning what is this oh hush
foolish no I hold my hands neck look
good it's Jick
Oh bananas it's a gigantic thing right
now it's Jake it's like it's like giving
bush push just push England is your city
body come on this is England right here
and you're over there she's sexy push
Nick I promise I want to take it away -
it was at this moment that he knew he
mad at me yeah I'm done okay well I'm
fighting this I'm sorry innit
it wasn't right of me to take the thing
away am I the bad guy I'm the bad guy
aren't I
oh yeah she's done with the whole music
video yeah is he going home you should
leave him alone he's embarrassed how did
I embarrass her you took away his toy
Dave came up with the idea to just have
him on the thing in the video like that
it's funnier that way yeah I don't think
you're gonna get me skates again to be
honest
hashtag drama see you Nick everybody
gets hurt sometimes look at this this is
from when Chad wanted to get hit by
softballs yesterday just in the mean no
hard like really really really really
really really hard Street Jesus Oh Andy
minutes late they'll be mad at me yeah
can we make up no eventually are you mad
at me I was but we made up I can't stay
mad at you for long we made up
off-camera
I got him back his thingy majiggy and
this is about to be the most part of
music video it was great content drama
though it was very common it's like
we're the new Kardashians or something
except we're growing faster monthly than
them so why would you see that
all righty enough with the nonsense
director blaze burg first shot of the
day and action
one-take I'm out of breath what is five
seconds of a long time was like three
hours in real life guys we finished up
at this location still kill the music
video get some pics but we're only about
a third of the way done guys Hannah
these next shots make it a little bit of
sketching have you known to me oh I told
you these shots we're gonna be sketchy
no I know y'all did not expect it to get
this look today but then again I think
y'all forgot that it's hump day yeah I
just broke the can are you mad I mean no
it's fine it's fine
oh no we're all wrinkled I can't allow
you guys to do that is it the costumes
they don't threw it off we just don't
it's company policy I've never been
kicked out of a store looking this damn
fly though
good the team den house now guys getting
some of the last shots of the day
director plays burgers out here doing it
and speaking of the day guys I haven't
showed you my whole day I feel like I've
been hiding this from you all day and
I'm sorry what earlier guys as you can
tell out a title and thumbnail we left
Apollo alone in the house and acted like
someone was breaking in to see what he
would do
Rula cliff now the moment you guys have
all been waiting for Shh our boy Brendan
is here he's from Ohio we go way back in
the day to add me up right now
little Apollo is inside rigged up with a
camera okay but seriously guys this
video is what will Apollo do when a
break-in happens the reason why I'm
doing this video is because the other
day as you guys know someone like just
walked into our house and Apollo didn't
know what was going on and so we need to
start training them we need to put him
to the test we're gonna have Brendan go
in dressed as a burglar or burglars
we're gonna roll the cameras inside ray
and I are gonna be outside watching we
cleared everyone out of the house he's
gonna act like he's breaking in and
we're gonna see what Apollo does my boys
going in
he's in the house now I don't know what
Apollo's doing short well it just takes
the today Soph I see I think of a hollow
is going to not do anything I don't even
hear barking god Apollo Apollo your
learner's down right now I'm returning
them back to the panel you know while
we're whispering I'm just kidding I love
Apollo if Apollo's losing right now I
know exactly I should go in there next
to him and see if he protects me
shoot all right we're going in to see
where there's no blood he's probably
stealing everything you sleep okay
that's really cute face I'm not mad at
him anymore
I don't know you're so late no okay
you're going pee right now but he has my
subscriber plaque Wow rude also are you
of loggers that your blog cam what did
he do is with them
all right guys scenario two now Apollo
didn't do anything the first time but I
think that's because he felt like he
didn't have anything to defend I'm gonna
go in there sit on the couch with uncle
Nathan hello I'm sorry and then Brendan
is gonna come in and act like he's
stealing some stuff and maybe try to
like pick a fight with me like you
trying to kidnap me or so yeah maybe try
them real hard and kill him yeah let's
set up
I don't have anything I don't have
anything I don't have anything I promise
I promise please chill chill chill
yes good job money
yeowch oh-oh it took you a while
Apollo you did so good you earned it by
your lady a young legend and I'm so
proud of you I feel like I gave birth to
a superstar child follow my Instagram at
Apollo the canine I'm back to you Jake
that's my guy and Jake Pollard's you
haven't joined the team already copper
self some of the hottest verts in the
game fans right now go back to pull the
status switcheroo saw him like a hawk
hey guys so get it while you can it's
the hottest march out right now it's my
favorite piece everything is on fire
dance smash that subscribe button
keep on smiling take your blog belts off
because that is it for today and I will
see y'all tomorrow because it's that you
got it
you look sexy
peace what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me text Jake Paul calm which
is gonna give you guys exclusive
discounts exclusive March exclusive text
message it's literally that easy so go
to text Jake Paul calm right now and
we're gonna be chatty dabs every day bro
Jake polders it isn't all new season of
March guys this stuff is super fans
window back slash Jake pop get it while
you can
yeah make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
