they're watching my yesterday I was
defeated but today today is a new day
good morning Jake Pollard's today is the
day where I finally conquer my sickness
it's not about the size of the dog
it's about the size of the fight in the
dog and that's how I live my
mom thank you mom
good morning Jake polish I don't feel so
good
I think I'm just gonna sit this one out
you know I'm saying here I'm Nathan help
me up money I am still sick and I
thought today was gonna be the day where
I come back and get Redemption but no I
took another out that happened you know
me Jake colors I never take Al's baby
the Jake Potter's in general never take
out so it's a sign that I shouldn't work
out today because you guys you guys saw
I almost literally died yesterday later
Lily I'm gonna died actually help him
but I do feel better today and you know
your boys because it is about to go okay
and if you're new here I'm Jake Paul you
guys are the Jake polish so get ready
for today's journey because it's about
to go down happening but the roller
coaster thing hunch and get ready for
the draw baby and the ups and downs and
the swoops and moves because my life is
a roller coaster ride and you guys are a
part of it because this thing gave me an
out I have to pass
he'll put a replay and zoom in on
Compton's face because that was lit we
had the team ten house got some
furniture but the thing is is that we
didn't have any chairs to go along with
the furniture itself look at this this
is some innovation the first two chairs
at the team 10 house presented by Tatum
and Oakley yes
you guys are also we were just talking
about this with Kyler I'm vlogging here
thank you but every time they bring baby
snacks over I always end up eating them
like they got this cake pop from
Starbucks I just like are you gonna eat
this whole thing most likely not you
weren't gonna eat all of that let's be
real now okay well yo yo you took her
cake pop you are a pop tag you guys
can't paint me out to be a villain
because they brought this upon
themselves look at their toys they asked
for that enough with all of that
nonsense a day is a very important day
because it seriously might be my last
vlog ever on this camera it is that easy
to make
clickbait people it actually might be my
last vlog ever on this camera and I'll
tell you why party people
yes the reason why it might actually I
guess it might be the last day of
vlogging on this vlog camera is because
guys I don't know if you remember I did
a contest where I told people on my
365th day of vlogging that they had a
chance to win this here vlog camera and
Jenna you already know she's got the
status right shirt on he came along with
her sister Kaylee all the way from
Minnesota my Keens sure but guys giving
it away from me is like super emotional
like so much has gone down on this your
vlog camera and so you getting it is not
going to be as easy as taking candy from
a baby
Jenna you're gonna have to earn it I
know you have it in you you're a dancer
aren't you yes
how are my dance moves and guys
everything's already off to a great
start
ray is feeling better after his tattoo
scandal everybody trying to find new
love and Jenna's sister Kaylee
they both yeah
I'm very adamant well enough with the
relationship stuff I think this baby is
coming to get revenge and get its
lollypop back but I already Ada and you
know she won't remember who took it 20
years from now some chillin ruff 20
minutes lay down is that actually him I
don't know we're on our way to have a
Tuesday Tuesday which is kind of like a
fun bed but it's a little bit more like
a who's there and I think we saw Logan
broken down on the side of the road I
hope we saw Logan broke it down on the
sides around a lot of buildup hey
impression but yeah he just texted he he
just texted Oh Logan texted me and said
I messed up and then it says Logan Paul
finally admits that he's not close with
his brother Jake at all what I'm not
closer with Jake what do you mean Logan
is that Logan right there on the side of
the road yeah it is apparently Logan
isn't close with me I'm not closer with
Jake
first of all I want to say first of all
I want to say thank you for watching my
vlog second of all I want to say the
fact of this that I'm coming to save you
from what I'm the one doing the save me
breakfast yo how many people do you have
you talking about now we're not close
I'm not closer with Jenga okay what do
you mean let me adjust this I went out
last night and the paparazzi asked me a
question and III knew the answer but I
wanted to avoid the question so I was
like yeah Jake and I are close I'm not
closer with Jake I'm sorry bro I'm close
with you my brother I love yo should we
kiss no how did you know we were here is
it hard to spot the Yeti no we're
driving by because we're about to have a
Tuesday Thursday sounds fun
it's like a fun day but it's a booze day
well I just want to make sure that we
are still closed
I'm not closer with Jake Lincoln by a
banjo and I go back slash Jake well rule
number one bro never talk to the
paparazzi bro Jake you know it's
probably making videos since I was 10
bro I love being on camera so we they
talk to me I'm like I'm not closer with
Jake the craziest part about this is
Justin get a hot girl
having really messed this car up man I
think everything's okay but squad I
think Logan is safe so yeah it's all
good and we have to get back to our
Tuesday Tuesday place the mini golf Oh
chill and just minigolf
I had nothing to do with you Evan we are
close yeah I'm not closer with Jake I'm
Alan later all right so we finally made
it to our Fool's Day spot look at how
magical this castle is guys it took us a
while to get here though because Justin
couldn't get in the car and then as soon
as we got here Chad was like oh I want
to get hit by a baseball here's the
challenge though if you can get a
hole-in-one
while playing putt-putt that how you're
gonna hit a vlog camera I think you can
do it you came all the way from
Minnesota you got to do this you have
you ever hit a hole one look and today
is your lucky day it's gonna be as easy
as stealing candy from a baby
I'm telling you so Jenna why are you
asking
M Jake Paul is that your mom Janani I've
never had a nanny growing up she's
beautiful all right
why is everyone trying to date everyone
raised hitting on Kayleigh over here
Justin's dating a girl and China dated
these and these kids are just awkwardly
standing here okay she needs a hole in
one place so we're finally on the course
we got our putts in our putts and our
mini golf sorry Evan I didn't mean it
let's see what my girl Jenna Scott
responders oh my Jake Pollard's at a
school of extra girl here son all right
Jenna you're on hole three hole 1 & 2
didn't do so well for you this is your
lucky day
you got this she probably doesn't got
this bowl 6 you got it okay
all seven or eight or nine whole time
old eleven twelve thirteen this is it
whole or to15 whole 16 I'm feeling lucky
on this one all right Jenna this is it
oh did you see that rope
oh did you get it no you said look up
cuz the boat Depp you hear the airplane
there was an ear oh no he's on a step
with the ball in there someone had to do
something about this she came all the
way from Venice Oh God she had to win no
no you did it she didn't do it
it's time for the bestowing
vlog God's it is time for me to bestow
the Jake Paul vlog camera
this here camera that is shut 2.8
billion views and Counting worth of vlog
material like I said it's time for me to
bestow it upon Jenna otherwise known as
Jenna little 19 this is why Chad's vlogs
aren't getting any views because he is
not respecting the vlog it is time to
bestow love camera general little 19
kind of a week using 19 yeah that's
actually okay well it doesn't matter
it's time blog times please transfer the
same love power into this new vlog three
two
we have power and Jake Potter's look
camera Oh give it give it here
this blood camera has shot many of the
Internet's most notorious videos we're
daily vlogging
Jenna please
it's your time to shine
not yet I just have to like put it on
like yeah it's like it's gonna be really
cool it's gonna be really cool
dos tres
it's every day
bro
well howzabout as epic as we could have
made yeah yeah and Jenna please don't
sell that on eBay if you do hit me and
also I need the the memory card from
today and you need the microphone from
today's vlog too right yeah and I need
the camera but seriously like that means
a lot to me and you did it and the
reason like I'm so excited for you to
have this is because jenna is the
perfect example of being a Jake Paul are
getting better every day smiling every
day look at this smile look at it she
reps the March she flipped and posted on
Instagram that she dabs on the meters
she puts her blog belts on she and
because of that she is ready to take
this camera make it your baby like you
are now trust me I love babies
thank eyes ah if you like this contest
and he liked this video there's any more
merch contests and things like that to
come for you guys to win giveaways and
stuff so next time it comes jump on it
while you can you don't want to miss it
kids because it is Jake polish that has
been it for today rest in peace this
vlog camera and for the first time ever
on this camera cap yourself some of my
house marching the game fan joy doctor
told backslash a call status sweatshirt
which is what Jenna is wearing right now
is the hottest thing that is out there
smash that subscribe us become a Jake
taller if the blog gods are with us oh
yeah you're just repeating everything
that I'm saying yeah is this mic even
working are you sure it's got the right
audio levels yeah it's got bad audio
levels then I you're fired
Jake Pollard's I'll see you tomorrow
because
I will see you tomorrow because it's
everyday bro new season of merch guys go
back / kpop get it while you can
yeah what's up Jake Pollard's listen
guys I want to be able to give you guys
exclusive updates on merchandise news
things I have going on in my life if you
guys want to be able to communicate with
me text me talk to me do with all of
these amazing things then go to next
Jake Paul me Tex Jake Paul calm which is
gonna give you guys exclusive discounts
exclusive March exclusive text message
it's literally that's easy so go to text
Jake Paul calm right now and we're gonna
be chatty Deb's everyday bro make sure
you're subscribe to keep up with my life
on the daily basis and if you want to
see more content check out yesterday's
vlog because it is super lit plus I have
a second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
