oh good morning Jake polish don't my BAE
just being bad and Bujji here in my
Versace robe
let's not even Satya Medusa Hitomi like
I'm no man at ease if you're new here my
name is Jake Paul oh is that pulp I'm
kidding guys I can't do it - Bujji
but hey y'all good morning Jake fathers
for real welcome to the most late
youtube channel on youtube if you're new
here my name is Jake Paul you guys are
the Jake Pollard's my cameraman is a
shark yo and y'all just became a part of
today's journey baby put your belts on
put your versace robes on and get ready
to turn the flip oh let's not see this
for real no I can't believe they
actually put pulp in this orange juice
it's like it's like frozen now that is
so Road sorry but I'm actually so
excited right now guys because we are
here in Park City Utah and it is snowing
like crazy for real Erica and I were
here yesterday for Valentine's Day and
we took like a cute couple of goals
picture check it out we were literally
standing in this exact spot and there
wasn't any snow and now there's snow
what sorry babe egg polish oh it's cold
actually though you know how I have
actually you know how beautiful like
take five y'all actually you're shark I
was trying to say is you know that your
boy actually loves snow like it is so
beautiful there's like so many
activities that you can do snow angels
check this out oh my god it's cool Oh
oh my god Versace robe literally does
nothing but it's still Versace though
but a team is
Madusa hit on me like I'm no man I don't
think you do snow angels guys I was
talking to Erica this morning and I
think we're gonna do a couples yoga
challenge in the snow terrible idea but
also super funny however when I was
talking to Erica this morning as well ah
she'll had a little bit of an attitude
per usual you know Erica she's still
poor sassy she's still babuji and she's
still beautiful so when you combine
those three together it just goes down
roll the clip
okay mrs. - okay yeah I am mr. ro are
you good bro oh thank you yeah Thank You
Erica
this one I'm so excited to spend this
day with you yeah it's gonna be great I
know it's so great yeah okay cool yeah
cool cool cool oh honey now I don't need
that attitude right now in my life
yesterday was Valentine's Day we're
supposed to be bonding as a couple here
in Park City Utah there's snow it's
beautiful and so I think I'm gonna prank
Erica it really helped handle her
emotions you know I think if I throw
snow at her face it's gonna make
everything better
I don't think Erica's gonna be too happy
with this one I got a bucket and
everything okay guys like I said put
your belt on it's about to go down you
just became part of today's journey
let's hit it
so we're getting along so great and I
love vani Luther did I say you could
take your shock hat off no come on
Nathan you don't want to get flesh there
you go that's the ones better sorry guys
yeah Erica she is what some people would
call salty
not what it looks like no she said that
she wanted to fight yo you don't want to
fight me dawg
I just did you're on your back
I clearly want to fight and while we
wrestling in the hallway I think Erica's
phone slipped out of her pocket she lost
her iPhone that's where the saltiness
began Erica we're gonna have to get on
better terms I was just trying to cheer
you up and make you laugh wow you're so
serious yeah Erica don't leave bro I'm
wearing a Versace robe come on I got
flowers look at cheer up Erica the Jake
ballers are ruined for you oh I know
it'll make her feel better she needs
some Jake Palmer don't do a back slash
Jay Paul get yourself something you're
up to I got you the best present of all
Jake Paul March okay but seriously guys
for the viewers that joined the everyday
bro movement be the impossible and calm
yourself you know the hottest march in
the game that's a fact
look who's talking looks like mr.
Sharkey and I are just gonna have her
own relationship damn it we will come
here
we're having a whole boatload of fun
it's alright don't don't worry we have
our maids in the hallway spying on her
hair God hey we thought you left I'm
leaving right now
oh okay cuff wait could we get a couple
of goals picture really fast Nathan
you're hot okay well what I was trying
to say there you go
Nathan when I was trying to say hey
Lexie if we do some therapeutical yoga
and bond together like this as a couple
I think you won't be mad at me anymore
Deal or No Deal I just need one thing
before you go I'm just gonna need your
your bracelet back why not
oh this is bad
is that my watch Hey hi you know she's
got no gun no no no she's got my watch
are you done Erica you're so beautiful
and talented and what was that I was
saying something else yesterday it was
like emotional yeah you probably haven't
watched it yet you haven't watched it
maybe that's why she's mad yeah you
shouldn't yeah because if you're snowing
my face oh I don't even think I hate
your face are you play no replay it
didn't hit your face replay put the
watch down no no time to put it down are
you baiting me this morning um if we're
being honest no I mean though so you
down to do some couples yoga in the snow
will be therapeutic yeah I'm telling you
yeah okay there's only one thing left
that we can do
and I'm gonna have to google it is it
too late now to say sorry cause I'm
missing more than just you
I'm sorry y'all honestly you're soft for
not throwing it Jesus hey no Erica she's
crazy job hey guys sorry sorry sorry are
you done being mean yeah we can walk
back and get my shoe together and then
you can have your walk haha beer like
that I got to keep I forgot to give you
this yesterday here you go there's
straws oh my god but you only you only
get one because it's like my last straw
of the relationship like I'm on my last
straw couples yoga in the snow Wow what
do you say I got some poses the first
one is the fan joy that Kovaks that's
Jake Paul pose it goes like this
I call this one the star spongebob
spongebob star patrick star happy yep I
don't okay so I grab onto both of your
feet and you grab onto both of my feet
sure mat now up up put your foot back
put your foot back put your foot back
okay we're going for gold for this one
wow this was a called the spider-man one
so you sit in a crouching turtle
position and then I start to be a
crouching - yeah yeah we got this okay
we got this wrong my elbows doing a
crush your hands oh wait Oh put your
hands here put your hands there yeah
yeah there we go jobs above your head
have to adjust I don't think it's a
success guys that doesn't look natural I
love this this is so much fun bonding
hash like Jerrica and hashtag especially
cringed this one we got this one okay
this is called the rock no that one's
called the crouching go it's cold it's a
rock okay
be a rock on top of me do we do it I
think you did it
I don't know ZZ w I yeah this is called
the flying lemur one-handed tree okay
that's a fact
just take your time I'll be down here no
yeah we're close one
yeah this one's good I'm gonna be the
girl and you're gonna be the guy and the
last one is worse in the game you'll
feel like I walk into other stores I
walk in I see their sweatshirts I'm like
you know I can't wear anything else
besides this much like a legit spent so
much time designing the hottest verse in
the game the brand is taking off get it
before it runs out guys cut yourself
status sweatshirt as a favor one and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday brokers join the everyday bro
movement people and calc yourselves some
of the hottest forged in the game go
right now because the take callers sell
everything out and subscribe button and
join the most lit youtube channel on
YouTube I'll see you all tomorrow
