y'all have no idea what is about to go
down be happy school supplies responses
may be trained professionals don't try
this at home ah good morning Jacob
fathers it's about it go down put your
vlogs outside you're locked in yesterday
we went to the store and Anthony said
that he was gonna make everyone in the
team dead house buffalo chicken dip he's
why we get home and there's no buffalo
chicken dip I was looking forward to it
so much so now I'm using the ingredients
to put into a bowl to dump on it Anthony
next time you say you're gonna do
something Anthony you better do it oh
yeah I don't have friends I'm a buffalo
chicken dip your head Tony last but not
least the cream
Anthony allow me to warm that up for you
honey and Jake Pollard's I planned it
out perfectly because this morning
Anthony I we're working out let me hit
the sauna together
Hunter did you degree fever but I'm
still in a sauna why because I love the
heat baby crank it up how here good
night
no elzar ever taken brah what - the
reason why I planned it out perfectly is
because I knew that after sauna and gym
my boy would have to take a shower so
dip No
if you're new here um Jake Paul this is
the team tenth house you guys are the
Jake parlors and it's lit every single
day if you haven't joined the strongest
team on YouTube join the Jake Pollard's
right now guys put your blog belts on
because it's about to go down today I am
not feeling so hot
I took my day quell my middle of the day
Chrome I stood on my head like my mom
told me to do yesterday I can't see I
don't know if the medication is working
here and I'm saying bro well it doesn't
matter because I'm a priest
don't take else son I don't take else
however there is a lot that is going on
today we have a legit movie in today's
vlog here's a preview of my legit movie
bro I'm telling you guys and also
something that's going on today is I got
my Rolex back from the the peoples and
they said that it wasn't possible to
even as you guys know love with the hood
as you guys know mini Jake Paul he broke
the Rolex he chucked it on some concrete
and it fell into the pool yeah and then
when I try to go fix it they said they
said it wasn't fixable but I can't be
mad at him he's just so cute look at
some pictures of this kid he's a mini-me
man he's just so cute you can't be mad
at someone when they're that cute it's
like Apollo when he bites me in the face
and I'm like Apollo no and he gives me
into that innocent look just look at the
look man you can't get mad at that and
so the only things that we are able to
do now is to finish off mr. Rolex from
the everyday bro
god it's hot out man Oh Oh a nation bro
you still a really sexy dude I know I
don't get to tell you the lab but you're
a really good-looking kid anyways I'm
fine the only thing that we could do now
is to finish off mister Rolex I'm gonna
finish you Rolex we learned a great life
together but it's time for you to die
you betrayed me you could still sell the
gold and the band on that you realize
that right
realize that I don't care Nathan
actually you're not Nathan you're Nathan
okay I'm sorry no but I really don't
care and because I don't care I'm going
to do everything in my power to destroy
the Rolex I know buddy
come back you want a toy well they do
toy yeah oh my dog has a Rolex chew toy
get on my level kids yeah
this knowledge is tough don't you ever
betray me again Rolex and that's it for
the Rolex rest in peace just like vine
my friends but you won't believe what
happened check it check this out Anthony
finally sacked up and made the buffalo
chicken dip I did how do you like it you
use the ingredient from your shower yeah
it's like armpit that's douche let's do
Yolo I don't know if you remember a
month ago we did a brand deal for Need
for Speed today guys we are shooting out
all the movies a mini movie I'm talking
chase scenes I'm talking cars and now it
is officially time for you guys to see
this a legitimate movie it's a movie bro
we put a ton of time effort and energy
into this hand roll that out here right
now you aren't gonna believe what is
going on right now big stuff guys we
stayed up all nights because we got the
exclusive access to the new Need for
Speed game before all of you guys it
comes out today but can we go first
hashtag sorry ma'am I made it and trust
me as you ever gonna want to see this
right now like this is a minute this
room is lit trust me it is the top video
game I've seen a lot like pong Tetris
okay Atari I was even around for
PlayStation 1 shut up hey check out this
game y'all right now look at the screen
look at the screen and whatever you see
here I want to make sure you're not
trying to help here are trained
professionals sponsors we made it we got
the big cameras and everything sorry I'm
so sorry you get hit we're sponsored we
got a super Camaro if there's one thing
that I know is I have a need for speed
like I literally have a Veloce pad it on
my life that's true that means fast and
Italian like look at this need for speed
payback I need that with all these cars
it's like the deepest customisation of
all the need for speeds it's like you
could totally get custom man I like
I'm gonna pick the Camaro let's run it
oh snap Jeff tie you guys do I up on
Jimmy
divide and conquer you know the truth
watch and learn boys
she's got the potty
okay mission success oh my god that's
why they call me Jane Paul June you are
cuz I got that below check yeah we got
the place we're sponsored do you hear
that was he look like Juliet did you
have good hair thank you actually
although it's you know you won't see
anything I don't see Logan big ol Chuck
Britz not good we're gonna chase her I
mean our game immediately though there
are a ton of fast sports cars outside
it's almost like it's becoming the real
life Need for Speed payback
once I get oh I think I know what's
happening right now it just turned into
a movie
oh my god
come on
what policies always
oh my god is that my car my car
just wanted to take it for a spin I
think you have something of mine yeah
well you earned it it's my car
it's brand new car yeah no I mean I
thought there's gonna be like a dope
fight sequence or like an action-movie
type stuff like punch isn't I need him
what do you want for me I just stole
your car
it's already embarrassing enough a day
for you we should probably just take the
game and go get your car back can I get
a ride guys
yes I got I got the game guys guys no
guys yeah
Hey
action sequence was absolutely in same
guys but when you're actually playing
the game it literally feels like you're
driving through an action movie and the
customization is the deepest
customization in Need for Speed history
flippin ever bro and guys you can get
the deluxe version of Need for Speed
payback right now the link is in the
description guys give it all your
flippin kimbab on the mater's let's keep
on going
yo Jake I need for speed setting man was
lit bro oh your God oh you're burning up
but I started to do the good you don't
look fine
Jake pause while you were gone I started
to like actually like you stick I'm like
drink some of this please what is that
right the electrolyte is good for your
body while you guys were gone I actually
like I started to get sick I don't think
I should have went yeah
I'm carry anybody sells Holland I'm
calling right now
very crazy home : yes yes this is an
emergency
yeah stop get on here though I finally
just have a fever I don't think I should
have went in this sauna though I'm
actually really worried about you I'm
worried about YouTube there's no time
for jokes right this is bother sending
somebody over right now I can't hang up
the phone though they bring in like now
yes he has a pulse still yes he's still
breathing he just I have like a second
it's like you don't have this you
anything yeah we need to get him on the
bed you guys are over playing it you
guys are over playing Jake how many
fingers am i holding up have you dumbass
don't ever login go into the sauna when
you're sick because you'll die
20 minutes lay down there perfect
everything's set
yeah why does it carry good yeah I think
you do yo you want me to chill bro guys
I'm making it seem worse for the vlog so
I get empathy everyone calm down
I am we gotta get him down here quick
ram-air we're gonna slide them down you
know just slide me down bro I am playing
it up a little bit through the vlog so I
get more empathy from my subscribers
because I want them to have empathy for
me hi I'm Jake
I took my dayquil my knight we'll need
to get you on a diet pill boy your way a
lot I'm fine
do we even need a vlog well it's a great
title I don't know if we're being honest
okay the doctor's name is Jay Jay great
I'm allergic to the haters savage are
taking any medication I kveld a quill
afternoon quill that's rude hey it's
just one's girlfriend
I'm in the diet if you want
we'll come watch on Monday the Gucci
sauce yeah you think about open your
mouth jakey jakey
okay 102 degrees pictures of Medicine
okay it's all about the blog yeah I know
it's weird soccer yeah yeah he's fine
yeah Oh God I don't like needles that's
right Jake
think about the heart cells wow that was
quick
you're professional we have a very
important autograph here that we need
you to sign somebody's sick just like
you hello you know your Lamborghini yeah
speaking of my Lamborghini if I'm gonna
die I want to die so number you okay if
I'm gonna die hey where you going huh
I'm gonna die next to my Lamborghini you
feel all right
okay then open the door open the door
damn it Oh
I'm gonna dine actually hold on it we
need some now they're shady please give
it a thumb nail alright Jake I think we
got it unnamed Lamborghini I'm here for
you buddy
and you need to be here for me too I'm
going back to Ohio now you get your blue
haired ass over here right now and I'm
going to ride that oh gosh a pose that's
enough for today man I'm actually gonna
go sleep I do feel a lot better because
of this thing here what if you haven't
already top yourself the hottest red
shirt in the game status red shirt it's
personally my favorite sweatshirt dab on
them haters join the Jake collar smash
that subscribe button I need their
empathy subscribe if u have empathy for
me being sick and still vlogging please
subscribe I'll do what I can to get that
that extra bit of subscribers there I'm
seriously like you should feel bad for
me and I will see y'all tomorrow
hopefully I won't be sick cuz it's
everyday bro
fans wind up go back /j puff get it
while you can
yeah make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
