obviously Brockwell guys doing now this
is an intervention right doctor fall
here
and the ritual about what
who are you I run a start-up and I've
been sitting on this idea for like a
year and so I think you give me five
minutes just to hear me out I think it's
like your thing it's like what it's how
you can get Tintin from 20 members to
like a thousand members do somebody
invite you know I know I'll leave I just
thought how did you get in here hi hi
it's just really happy you're in our
house right now I'll leave you all the
stuff but if you would walk me to the
gate and give me the five minutes there
I'm so good to go I just hiked and then
I met someone's Anthony and they were
like hey Dixon there
okay can I see what you know what is
happening right now there's a guy in our
house yeah we just dab them up yeah you
know you can't come to someone's house
what if I can I need you this thing no
there could be a bomb in there okay sure
sure yeah I figure enough what I'm gonna
find is this for a video or is this guy
really in our house right now yeah I bet
somebody's pranking me dude he came
through the back door
I didn't told Nathan to roll cuz I don't
know what the fuck is going down when
you guys to be mad I told you you just
gotta pray that's the biggest lie Frank
- you up for April what are they walking
him out then if I got pranked I'm so
sorry
know what definitely was a prank like
that's that was 100% real he's getting
arrested right now if someone really
wants to get into our house they're
gonna get into our house he was so calm
he was like I know you know but here's
the thing though now he's down there and
he's gonna go to jail for like two or
three years because he wanted to talk to
me he got lucky with jail bro I swear to
God when chance walked up he's like dude
give him a chance I'll chance his friend
and then I was like bro who are you and
then everybody's like we don't know him
and nobody kicked him up with me I still
have my monkey mask I was about to put
the monkey mask on and literally intro
guys it's Sunday Funday no way why are
you massaging chance I had a girlfriend
wait what you have the footage of him
walking in yes it's about to happen now
oh he just passed by see he said I got
no Jake it has like he's in there bro
Jake Wohlers is the second person who's
going to jail for like three years in
the span of like a month of us living
here but guys I don't real know like
we're literally standing here I was
looking about the intro my vlog like I
told you guys and it's crazy because
we're a couple of days away from having
like our whole security system put into
place properly and yes we have security
guards but like technology is better
than
say we're gonna be safe and you better
nitronic at Oh what he's trying to say I
got it
we say one thing you come from my family
you come from me baby you don't want to
but guys it is true like I said the
white hot like when I slept in the White
House like puttin up with the nonsense
guys it is time to properly intro you
guys are the Jake polish this is the
c-pen kitchen and house and it's lit
every day bro oh and it's lit every
single day and when I was trying to vlog
before somebody broke into our house is
that yo when it's Sunday you've gotta
make the breakfast with the boys yeah
but seriously guys good to start your
day off right a breakfast of a champion
we got bacon look at that
we got sausage look at that we got
scrambled eggs
look at that hashtags Apollo do you ship
it and we have corn that you know I'm
from Ohio and pretty much all they do in
Ohio is grow corn so I had to give you
some corn we got hot sauce barbecue
sauce and we can't forget about our
British team ten members we got our
English breakfast tea for Nicholas crock
did I got you some teammate
OAD oh this is twining where did you
even get this yeah Twinings of London
did you get this employer just for you
and good morning to you muffin man
hashtag de pollo
but more importantly good morning
hamsters stirred Sunday Funday is off to
an insane fun and little iron and guys
don't think that I forgot about don't
think I'm letting it go that Ray mr6
back has a famous girl's name
to Don Ameche I'd love to show you guys
I his name I'm sure I could show you I'm
her bro these show the Jake Pollard's
Robo I really loved her bro seriously
it's like Nestle I I don't know I don't
know if it's the right thing to do or
not I feel like you're like hiding I am
hiding first of all I've been hiding you
know if you know the story I've been
hiding my juice um I feel like they
should I didn't know I was gonna get
that real but Jake callers I know ray
and like he's like really he's hiding
this relationship and it put him in like
a really like weird um emotional spot
and so for me I feel like if you just
like opened up to the world and like to
people about it he would be like feel
better emotionally and physically and I
just want my boy to let it all out I'm
trying to get him to show it not so I
mean it'd be cool whatever it like you
guys can see it whatever it's more for
him we need to put it out there for the
world so I'm gonna try and make him feel
comfortable and show grace that y'all
right you'll feel better if you show it
bro okay that's that's deep maybe he's
not ready I don't know but guys I'm a
separate note I don't even tell this
right now but I literally have a 102
degree fever I said it the other day I
told you guys I was sick and I'm
literally taking so much medication like
I'm talking dayquil nyquil afternoon
quill ibuprofen I'm out here taking
vitamin E vitamin D vitamin B I'm
drinking gallons of water just so I can
be able to vlog but like I'm on somewhat
so many medications right now guys but
I'm not soft guys I'm taking all of this
stuff just so I can be able to vlog I'm
a vlogger bro it's everyday bro like I
can't take a day off you're dabbing if
you thought for one second I was going
to stop you're wrong bro you're you're
literally wrong like I said it's
everyday bro hottest verts in the game
pan Joe go back to lose Jake Paul get it
while you can
but I do think the medication is
starting to catch up to me like Oh
my hand literally won't stop shaking I'm
like legitimately starting like see
different things like guys I'm feeling
fine Michael Jordan you know I said this
the other day to Michael Jordan won the
NBA championship with 102 degree fever
there is no excuse people but I do think
I need to call my mom
because she'll know what to do how are
you I'm good I'm I'm like my hand light
I was I'm sick I took like dayquil
nyquil in the middle of the dayquil and
like my hand literally won't stop
shaking and nyquil and afternoon quill
and middle of the day quill 400 log okay
no I can't see I'm losing all feeling in
my head mom
standing oh oh good morning Panthers
I wasn't havin I wasn't have it I saw
Jesus he said you're gonna have eighty
million subscribers okay I'm gonna try
it no yeah that just worked the Panthers
are genius all right well thanks mom I'm
out here party people since it is Sunday
Funday I came up with a fun challenge
that has to do with fun it sure
basically guys the people who we got
this furniture from they said that you
could literally tap dance on this wooden
table because it is so strong so we
wanted to take it to the next level and
see how many people as a challenge that
we can fit on this table right that'd be
bad that'd be really bad so the squad is
here and
they are stocking up on their sausage
but I don't know the difference
by
it is time for an intervention guys
earlier this morning or it's needed
needed it hey show your show it's my
show hey don't talk I'm dr. fall
call me dr. fall and I'm not talking s a
ll I'm talking PHA UL how about they
catch me outside but party people as you
saw earlier today and as we have been
talking about lei has a tattoo of
another social media famous persons oh
they basically they dated and he has a
tattoo of her name on his hip we have
all seen it Rea physically and
emotionally like he's not okay like him
hiding this from the world has really
put a toll on him emotionally it
seriously has imagine loving someone and
like having to hide it I know I'm the
whole entire we're all the whole world
like if you made someone happy every
single day and like you were the reason
why they're happy and like no one knew
that and like you were just kind of like
always put to the wayside that would
seriously take a toll on someone like
I've gone through a similar situation
and like I think the solution to this is
for a to show and let it let it be how
like when you're living with a weight on
your shoulder a secret that's the worst
thing in the world like all the YouTube
drama channels are gonna start making
stuff like Jay Paul beats up 15 year
olds right out here I think he's gonna
let out his emotions so you can take
your shirt off no seriously
I mean I would too if I look that sexy
look how sexy this guy is like he's that
you know we're like all by the fireplace
come come hang out we want to talk to
you really fast you can take your shirt
off
we're going to the hot tub obviously bra
this is an intervention right doctor
fall here know already all right here we
talked about it like like I was telling
you like I was telling the audience like
I know that since you've been hiding
this like I like imagine hiding
something that someone that you love
from the world like I know that what you
need to do to feel better is to let it
out to the world like just let it out
like on a serious level like when you're
let it out but the thing is like I'm not
trying to like start problems and I
respect that is your friend but you
don't want to start problems because of
that it's taking a toll on you you're
the only one that's getting a toll
taking us I don't see why I would start
a problem I don't even know how to even
start because I I've never thought of
like saying anything to anybody there
from the beginning of it I don't know
what to say no you don't even say
anything I just think you need your like
you know what I think maybe just showing
the world what I what I'm talking about
maybe yeah maybe just showing them what
the tattoo like you I promise you like
when I like fully express myself yeah it
feels good it feels good I rarely do it
you know I rarely do it but it's like
the best feeling in the world to be
yourself and not have secrets and not
feel embarrassed by anything and like
just put it out there Justin what do you
think
I was yeah and you drew hers too yeah we
vibed like conversations about it
yeah I've talked about it briefly with
everyone you're gonna feel better dude
actually do you remember what I told you
when you're drawing it what I just I'm
just gonna show it don't get it one too
three al e le yeah yeah we know what it
is do you feel better actually don't
feel like nothing happened just now for
some reason I thought when I dropped
this that I was gonna like be speared in
the back or something you know yeah
actually do feel better though I
actually really really feel good you
know I'm not okay when you get a kiss to
come in dollars when you guys are able
to like take the pressure bro I've just
been holding this in for so long like a
whole year it's out bro they know if it
is been crazy yeah we're having an
intervention people are trying to break
into our house and go to jail for three
years what is life bro oh you're so most
of stuff I want to say something that's
been bothering me for a long time if you
go get him you're fired because I need
someone to vlog for me so you blog
because I posted three times this week
that's not a Paula but Shawn today has
been an awesome day if you were having
you already got yourself the hottest
person in the game status hoodie
available now fans Roy kopeck / Jake
Paul join the movement it's everyday get
better every day smile every day work
hard every day to have on them haters
chase your dreams you guys are gonna be
successful I know you are join the
strongest team on YouTube I'm always
plug and smash that subscribe button and
I still need to name this card what is
your name honey what is your name and
number and I will see y'all tomorrow
because it's every day peace
Jake Pollard's it isn't all new season
Oh merge guys this stuff super fans
guanaco backslash Jake Paul get it while
you can
yeah make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10
check it see you guys tomorrow oops
