I don't know how well this is gonna work
why if it works it's going to be late
j.g there's like a bunch of kids at the
door what are you guys doing do you
break in then what are you doing here
we're here to see Justin Thank You
Justin who like like Jesse I never
thought this day would come
oh yeah
good morning to take ballers what we are
about to do you cannot try at home we
are trained professional Chad that's
very professional are you sure about it
from the third floor to the bouncy house
this is how we start off your morning
baby if you're new here I'm Jay Paul you
guys are the Jake followers this is the
team ten house and it's lit every single
day prob what your vlog well done I hope
it's like one of the scariest starts
I've ever done what is this like 35 foot
forty foot yeah right here we go y'all
can like you guys go down there and try
to catch me like if I roll offers
I don't know
there is nothing more Lavigne been doing
something like that whole window trial
at home that's how we like to start our
mornings off here people at the team
10:00 I was like I said it's lit
everyday bro what's the game guys good
morning Justin and his new Ferrari going
in there's a lot going on at the t10
house right no we were just getting
started your vlog belts are on and I
have a couple of surprises for you looks
good
should you come drive your Ferrari there
and meet us there it's like a really
dope thing but like it's still kind of
funny but yeah guys we're going
somewhere special right now because it's
about to go down now guys we are on a
mission to create the world's biggest
game of dominoes bro Thomas came to me
and he said yo we played the world's
biggest game of Jenga and it went really
well completely safe everything went
perfectly they got a ton of views and so
why not create the world's biggest game
of dominoes and now we have the yard to
do it you're gonna want to witness this
one kids but we have another surprise
coming your way hey sorry no you're good
sorry no I'm just vlogging hey if we can
pull this off guys it is if we can pull
this off it's gonna be one of the most
epic things that I think we've done on
this channel like but we're running out
of space it's like that one hamburger
stacking game Oh perfect landing
wasn't perfect and don't look at all
these giant dominoes hey Rock Argo look
at how legit this is we literally
stacked the whole entire truck with the
giant Domino giant dominoes here we
flippin come back at the team house and
look what's happening
finally bad tables things chairs just
look at what it says yet another
successful delivery boys look at this
boys it may look like a piece of
driftwood wrong this is the most
beautiful table that you've ever seen in
your life I can guarantee it I promise
you once again it is not your foot we
got these tables everywhere hold on
we're going with the wood theme guys I'm
gonna eat so many steaks off of this
plane is back y'all thought it was a
game no sir in Aston Martin bed whatever
this is it's and if you guys don't know
what an Aston Martin is it's like some
of the coolest cars and it's the cars
that James Bond drives whenever you
touch the bed this happens watch the
James Bond
it's nubuck leather nubuck leather
nubuck leather leather baby you wanna
come over to my bed but legit bro it's
got yo but on a serious note this bed
cost $45,000 I don't know why I did that
but but I did that so yeah enough with
the nonsense kids it's time to giant
Domino's I don't know how well this is
gonna work why if it works it's going to
be where's Lincoln vial how sports in
the game fans guanaco backslash take
Paul gives yourself a status sweatshirt
guys that is my favorite one I'd add
back to it everybody walk slow I'm
starting to get nervous that these are
going to tip over okay buddy okay guys
we're all set up and guys this is the
end of the dominoes it's got to put out
the camera that's the mission for the
whole entire thing the moment you've all
been waiting for
giant dominoes in three two one
and it put the candle out yeah alright
squad it's been another day at the t10
house if you haven't already capped
yourself a status City my favorite March
in the game yeah they go to fans Royko
backslash jake paul join the movement
its everyday bro work hard smile yeah
bond them haters and guys for the
Ferrari contest that Justin did he
announced the five winners of $1,000 on
his channel in his video that is being
posted today it might already be posted
I don't know dad if you want to see if
you want $1000 go over to it join the
family smash that subscribe button and I
will see y'all for another epic day
tomorrow because it's every day bro
peace make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
vol 2 which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
