oh my gosh there is so much that is
about to go down to day party people
yeah I am in the zone allow me to
explain to you like what is about to
happen so a couple of things one you see
that there's an empty parking spot here
and you see that there's a sign that
says Ferrari parking only the other day
Justin said he was going to get a
Ferrari if he hit 188 thousand
subscribers and he did because you guys
the Jake Pollard's are the strong so I
think today is the day that Justin will
become literally the youngest person in
the world to ever buy a Ferrari what
number two a ton and when I say a ton I
mean of new furniture is coming to the
team 10th house I literally bought like
I don't know why I did this but I bought
a $45,000 bed I think it's coming today
so um what and a ton more of furniture
is coming the house is starting to come
together and I'ma stay and the third
thing we have going on guys I'm gonna
keep a surprise for now but you're gonna
want to see it well I'm freaking out
good morning Jay Pollard's what
welcome to my life if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul you guys are the Jake
Pollard's the strongest team on YouTube
and it's lit every single day that's not
lit I don't know what is guys you
probably can't tell because I am a
pushing through it but I'm extremely
sick right now have like a hundred and
one degree fever but I'm still out here
I don't give up mentally Michael Jordan
won the NBA championships with a 102
degree fever and Michael Jordan and I
are friends so if you think I'm gonna
take an L you're wrong so I'm pushing
through my sickness I'm getting those
looping games bro cause it's everyday so
put your vlog belts on you guys are
along for the journey and it is going to
be a roller coaster ride and without any
further ado let's listen dude Justin
yeah you said that if you hit four
hundred eighty eight thousand
subscribers you were gonna buy a Ferrari
488 which looks like this are you going
to do it still of course I was just
waiting for you to start your vlog well
I started my vlog speaking of my vlogs
we are about to make history on Jay Paul
vlogs I think you are going to become
the youngest kid ever to buy a Ferrari I
don't care
did I freak out when Drake followed me
on Instagram no it's like everyday stuff
for me same thing I think we have a
problem what I know some people but I
don't think that and which we didn't
really think about but I don't think
they can sell a Ferrari to a fifteen
year old like I think you actually have
to have a driver's license should buy
something before I even if I think I
mean if you're paying in cash that's a
whole nother story
you have $400,000 cash on you right now
I mean Yama team 10 months it's so funny
because my brother made this song to
your investors notes you teddy making
any money you actually broke yes
hopefully we don't get robbed because if
we do I'm gonna have to break out the
guns
I'm good I'm good hi Sam I'm calling on
behalf of my friend he is uh he's
looking to buy a Ferrari but he he's
only 15 years old so I didn't know if
that would cause a problem he did like
doesn't even have his driver's license
yet no okay thank you I know some people
who know some people that know some
people that are going to be able to make
this happen for him granted I might have
to drive the Ferrari off the lot what I
know some people so we are on our way
now who uh a Ferrari dealership guys my
friend works there I just know that
they're gonna come through I'm a little
bit nervous but I'm gonna call him and
see what we can do
good good bro um so this might sound
crazy but I'm on my way to your guys's
dealership right now and I'm with my
friend who's 15 he is wanting to get a
488 spider he doesn't have a driver's
license so but I knew that you guys
would be like the right place to go to
ah yo you guys you gotta help me out bro
my boy needs a Ferrari
it'll be the only 15 year old I believe
ever to buy a Ferrari riding you know we
got a relationship so thank you so much
- All Right see ya oh no you're lucky
that I pull some strings out here dude
but he's going on right now
hi I'm playing Mario Kart not only are
you playing Mario Kart but you're also
playing both your girlfriends oh and one
of which is Justin's mom tell Justin's
mom to come to the team 10-ounce I told
him to tell her to come I mean yeah yeah
yeah she's coming to see your Ferrari
Justin daddy yo why are both of them
okay with the fact that you have another
girlfriend yeah wish I could do that
yeah when you got it you got it you know
what the good news is is that I think
they're gonna be able to hook us up and
hopefully they have the right car that
you want yeah what is going on in our
lives right now when I was 15 I was just
picking my nose and farting all over
everywhere with me and what I don't get
is the fact that he can't drive it like
I'm literally gonna have to drive before
him yeah
whoa watch one do you want I don't even
know these are lit these are lists gonna
get a Ferrari he's 15 it's not a Frank
not click don't want to but Jake my
favorite car is a Ferrari and that's why
you don't have one I like this one bro
that's a 488 spider right there bro what
about this one
no bro I want the 488 this whole
situation to me is like honey white like
legitimately when I was 15 I was like in
physics class like riding around on my
BMX bike to go to parties and stuff yeah
I'm getting this one right here
salesman salesman this is it I just and
I are gonna do paperwork yo pull in the
Ferrari I'm buying that no laughs I know
it's funny because I I'm gonna be the
one that mainly drives it and yeah I
think you just became the coolest
fifteen-year-old in the world officially
bro
oh my god the list is complete Oh friend
drink
I can't drive it though can you drive me
home I'm down what's up Jake ballers yo
my boys got some work it's the hottest
sports jumping game boyfriend I go by
Mike Mulligan my uncle right now what do
you guys think about Justin's Ferrari I
think he's actually the coolest 15 year
old in the world like what 15 year old
has a Ferrari
he's a senior no he graduated I
graduated I'll get a 15 year old have a
better life than me you're not able to
drive it but you have to be the first
one to start it I don't think he knows
how to start do you know how to start it
all right now I'm gonna ask you to get
out I know it ain't no Lambo but I
pretty cool
Justin what's up boy I'm gonna pick this
moment to tell you you made it son I
made it you made it I made it play this
song we made it all right bro first
drive let me know how it feels okay so
how's it feel
all right to go bro what is my
hey so a squad guys we had to drive two
hours to be able to get this Ferrari so
that just can actually get it since he's
15 so like we've literally been driving
for like an hour and a half it's
starting to get dark out screw the
daylight savings time but guys Justin
still needs to drive this and I have
another surprise for you guys
keep your black belts on 350k Justin
made it mine yes y'all look so nice next
to the Lambo new car new girlfriend yeah
my mom no I meant what aren't you proud
of your son I can't drive it you can go
up and down the driveway yo chance bro
you see this well it's nice it's like
guitars
it's like Apollo's on the on the love
y'all look at this garage bro
Dustin why do you have your turn signal
on what were you doing when you're 15
really not that I feel like life's so
cute you guys got something on what
detective don't worry about it magic
everywhere pants no I don't have
underwear on either you got the iPhone X
yep is it wears - yours is inside it's
just you and me I think your BAE went
inside I mean you're more than welcome
to hang out here but yeah why where are
you going I have not seen Logan in two
days and I was waiting just got here now
it is 3:00 it's 7:45 no but I told the
audience that I have a surprise for them
and the surprise is that I'm gonna drive
you in my Lambo not right now you're not
what Sun do you like better your other
son doesn't have a Lambo not about the
Lambo kind of is about the Lambo it's
like we have the same amount of views'
followers movie roles TV shows Teen
Choice Awards but he doesn't have a
Lambo so you love me more
yeah you too I'm driving it are you
ready mom it's my first time in Lambo be
good to me be careful ID plus myself
okay family Wow Justin why are you still
sitting there you guys look good there
though finally back home and I think my
furniture is two things you have your
own room and secondly I got the dopest
bed where some water man I'm thirsty for
these compliments to Justin's still up
there in his Ferrari so yeah okay a
little bit more okay what do you seven
year old so justin is still in the same
spot and Justin whatever you do don't go
in my room no reason just don't go in my
room and Jake Pollard's top yourself
some of the hottest person the flipping
game bro join the family it's everyday
bro yeah banjo echo back / Jake Paul get
yourself a status study that's that's
the best one in the game you already
know damn smash that subscribe button
anthony's smashing Justin's mom and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
every new season of merch guys
fans guanaco backslash take pop get it
while you can
yeah make sure you're subscribed to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house our
group channel is called team 10 Chuck
see you guys tomorrow
oops
