$42.00 was coaching today is going to be
an awesome day guys it rained here in
Los Angeles so you know it's about to go
flip in town if you're new here I'm Jake
Paul you guys are the Jake Pollard's
this is the 10th house and it's everyday
bro so put your vlog belts on because it
is about to go down you're here for the
roller-coaster ride because we have a
lot going on today because we have a lot
going on today I'm about to try and
break into my brother's house and then
we have something super super special
that is about to go before that guys
they got to get you caught up to speed
so we're moving into this house we need
furniture I keep on talking about this
furniture but guys it's a giant house
and like there's no furniture so the
other week I came up with this idea of
something super super dope to put inside
of the house and that dream is going to
become a reality
roll the clip yo talk about furniture I
called in the best infinity aquarium I'm
gonna get a giant aquarium in my room
like me I think the bigger the better so
if you want to go 5 foot 6 foot 7 foot
kids that is furniture like I wanna make
this house like super dope so I'm like
why not put an aquarium in my room
giant shark and then like a little cute
goldfish you gotta pick one
can we put a TV in it to like on this
side that pops up absolutely we'll have
all our filtration underneath we'll have
a four foot tall tank that you can see
from your bed you can see from the
staircase you can see from the bathroom
we'll put a TV on this side that pops up
we'll get move lighting in there you can
put it any color you want we'll have a
goldfish we'll have sharks whatever you
want we can put in there all right you
got it bro I'm gonna go now if you're on
it I'll be showing up with a bunch of
fish : Jimmy I'm about to have noticed
when I mean dopest I mean dopest fish
tank in America and I have seen a lot of
fish tanks in America okay let me tell
you about that so now y'all are caught
up to speed a little bit guys ray how
are you doing buddy
because you know it got a little bit
emotional in yesterday's vlog guys if
you don't know ray has this like
girlfriend ex-girlfriend type of thing
going on we're gonna help him out
guys you caught up to speed even more
yesterday chance got into a fight with
his girlfriend
oh yeah sure you're good justin has a
house in the backyard now that
apparently he pimped out no I mean
there's like going down there's all high
going down well I do have a beautiful
woman in my life
her name is mom good morning monsters
you get that's a good morning BAM stairs
again good morning Panthers
joke hamsters and guys we're also gonna
see if I Justin has to get his Ferrari
because there's a challenge on the table
where Justin might get a Ferrari or not
sure did you get this car I don't know
we might need your guys's help
but enough with the nonsense y'all are
caught up to speed your vlog belts are
flipping and you're officially a jig
parlor so let's get this day started but
now we are on our way to do something
that is very dear to my heart and
something that can change a life guys
which I'm all about let me explain to
you the story I get a call about a week
ago from the make-a-wish Foundation they
said that there's this girl named
Mackenzie they called it a rush wish
because it's so last-minute and and they
want Mackenzie's wish to come true as
soon as possible and then they sent me
this video tab on the main I'm sorry ray
I'm sorry I'm sorry
so we are on our way right now to pick
up Mackenzie have lunch with her and
hopefully give her one of the best days
of her life in general guys I'm so
excited
Mackenzie if you're watching this you're
beautiful I love you I'm a little bit
nervous to meet you I get nervous to do
these things so I don't know if you're
nervous to but I'm nervous
alright guys so we ate lunch together
hey she's a selfish bro we're basically
best friends now and she said her
favorite vehicle was blood sharks and so
I'm gonna have her control blood shock
from the phone on my broken phone
it wasn't gonna the Jay Paul phone case
new car who this my mom's still vlogging
she's instagramming yo she also wanted
me to hit the bagel dance cuz she's a
dancer you want to hit it with me
okay squad so Mackenzie has AML which
stands for myeloid leukemia and you
found out when you were 10 from hanging
out with Mackenzie like what I've seen
is like you're a savage she's a good
example for ya mom she's an awesome
example for like making the best of life
and your situation like all the time
which is what I try to preach to you
guys the Jake Pollard's on a day to day
basis you had to do like treatments of
chemo comedy for seven months and she
had a bone marrow transplant
yo you're like you're my girl and now
we're just out here dabbing on them
haters vlogging away I still don't get
like you wanted to meet me
but we are going to the team tent house
right now and we're going to have the
most fun that we can possibly have in
the world welcome to the team 10 mansion
house thingy will experience McKenzie
and this is the March room we're gonna
turn you into a store eventually but you
can have whatever merch you want go to
town shopping yo you've got a hook that
Jake Paulo's up with the March when they
come to the house you probably just
wanted the merchants probably never want
to hang out with me I'm not mad at that
Justin oh I didn't say you can have the
merchants whatever bro I just took the
merchants you're gonna do what my boys a
savage you might get a Ferrari okay I
respect that
I'll go play some video games my house
but I'll see you know you have video
games in your house now bye guys now
we're gonna play a game where it's
called if you guess wrong you get egged
so she's gonna go up to Chad and ass
Chad where she's from and if he doesn't
get it right Chuck it Mackenzie has a
question yeah
you are from Montana we still got Nick
okay you want to get in that Compton
yo Mackenzie has a question we have an
intermission we're gonna teach you how
to throw the eggs and then do the last
person Justin oh yeah just yes oh no
it's happening but I'm ready Kennedy has
a question for you really yes
where are you from why these eggs are to
town and guys while we're on the topic
of Justin as you can see there's an
extension cord running all the way down
there it goes all the way down to his
house what bro bro you want to see his
house let's go welcome to my crib yo
Mario Kart oh okay I'm gonna go to the
giant house now where's your girlfriend
good boyfriend to go boys and guys part
of McKenzie's wish if you recall was to
be in a Jay Paul music video and we have
a bunch of songs coming out soon so
we're gonna shoot part of the music
video to put in there it's a new song
called Saturday night which is coming
out soon and she's gonna be in the music
video talk to that mission accomplished
I five you have fun my girl unicorns for
life but now I think it's time to break
into Logan's house Yoshi
we are pulling up and we need to find a
way to sneak in and guys this is crazy
because I've never even been to his
house and even watches like house tour
video so I have no idea what to expect
and he has no idea that I'm coming I
don't even know if he's here right now
so it might go down what the hell that's
our pool lady she's cheating on us just
like all my girlfriend's I don't see his
car but I do think that there's a very
slim chance of this working I know he
has like a security guard and a ton of
cameras that he was showing me but I've
never been here we're just part of the
reason which is part of the reason why I
have to bring him because he's never
even invited me my old beretta
broken and guys just cuz I'm doing this
doesn't mean that you can do this
some guy tried to break in our house the
other day this is look at this yo
there's a bathroom I'll be right back 20
minutes lay down this is a nice it's
weird because like at the team tent
house it's always like a ton of people
are here there's nobody here
Hey hi guys
yeah we're supposed to be here okay yeah
we'll let you do you guys thing if you
mess with the bull get the horns
how does he have so much pride we don't
have any what okay
Loki Loki Loki no what the fuck you
doing Jake why yo get out of my house
who invited you here bro
gee I'm not doing anything what are you
doing LOI mmm does at your house chill
bro I'm sorry it's a dope house bro stop
daddy stop Davin please stop daddy stop
Logan okay okay okay
yeah keep that me give it I'm not here
let's go he's got a pool
yo this is dope look yeah rise of the
pauses here bro my boy needs to put a
fat treehouse right here this is a treat
there are many like it but this one is
Logan's what is this oh guest room haha
I feel like it's an MTV Tour kind of
like I don't even know like welcome to
my brother's house that's a room you
know I need painters in my house that's
not fair he won that one but I will say
the t penthouse is much larger so he's
got these grills but I don't know if I
understand the functionality of it okay
now hamburgers try kids all right let's
go upstairs hey bug and Paul oh good but
I gotta get good thing going on here yes
let's go upstairs
Jake what are you doing so you just go
through the door we went through power
breaking in okay maybe right hey how you
doing
yeah good yeah I'll pay for that Logan
I'm sorry as we were going upstairs
notice that this painting it says Apollo
on it oh you've stop trying to be me bro
fool sammy baugh
this don't bet you don't want to make a
doper nothing what making doper it's
already don't look how that's my helmet
this is legitimately my helmet I'm
taking this it's for you and I think now
is a good time but now is a good time
guys to tell you about my favorite piece
of merchandise
it's the status of a sweatshirt look how
cool that thing is bro you gotta get
yourself some and during that call back
let's check out those couple summers
weren't you in the hmm can't do it sorry
China hey Logan
you recognize this here a helmet
brothers because it's mine I came to get
it back yo what the fuck what the hell
yo Matt your house used hey whatever you
do don't touch the lamp oh no no don't
touch the Lambo I'm going we're going we
gotta go Belial take Polish doing this
so you seem on YouTube smash that
subscribe button for some of the hottest
works in the game - status hoodie is
selling like hotcakes Limited equality
only we got a race car drive guys
Logan's at my house and I'm gonna stop
it let's ah damn that could've in a cool
getaway
Jake pause I'll see you tomorrow because
it's everyday bro peace I'm not the old
smash my brother's head make sure you
subscribe to keep up with my life on the
daily basis and if you want to see more
content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house our group channel
is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
