if you find the bill you get to keep it
you just start the vlog wake up today is
off to a great start good morning Jake
polish what is Gucci what is going on
party people put your vlog belts on put
your seat belts on put your clothes on
and let's get this day started today's
gonna be a great day party people
written up we are already on the move it
is hump day I'm talking about Wednesday
people and when I was a kid I used to
say Wednesday because I didn't know what
I was doing and if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul you guys are the Jake callers
we're the strongest team out there and
today is about to get lit because but
allow me to get you caught up to speed
on this here hump day it is Wednesday so
that means yes what is okay
we have a crazy man my mom hi hi guys
it's like we're the new Kardashians
everyone in our family is vlogging my
mom's a vlogger my dad's a vlogger my
brother's a vlogger team ten flipping
vlogging everyone's a vlogging we're
like the Kardashians yes mom I see what
you did there because Kim Kardashian
cries but like I said earlier guys put
your vlog belts on I need to get you
caught up to speed I'll start it off
this morning at 6:30 morning 6:30 in the
morning it's still dark outside had to
wake up because we are on our way to go
shoot something that is very secretive
and then we cannot talk about and that
we cannot film but kids if you want the
biscuit you got a risk it oh man we're
out here crying and getting it son what
happened next guys is I do this morning
ritual basically every single morning I
do it all the time I basically just like
gets me going for the day but I never
show it on camera but here you go I'm
like Demi Lovato Amy Hoban we had a
serious problem oh no oh no I think I
need to tell me it's a good time to wake
up Oh God are you ready to go we have to
go well looks like mom can you fill my
blog you're fired
well guys actually looks like I'm going
solo
we're gonna go oh yeah okay yo Jake good
morning today I have my crazy now uncle
Mason is here guys and oh my gosh oh my
gosh I don't know blood sharks gonna
read this oh my god oh my god I'm gonna
die again every day by dying do you mean
your channel is dead I'm just kidding
mom you're more poppin than ever any
birth - of YouTube's biggest loggers you
birth them right right out of it right
out of your womb if that isn't an
accomplishment I don't know what is and
you bet your ass I'm gonna birth a
blogger who's gonna be like a mini Jake
Paul but actually a mini Jake Paul if I
birth a girl then she's gonna be a
flipping mini Pam stirrer and you know
I'll still sign her at a team tend to
take 20% because I'm a business man I
gotta take 20% I don't care she's my
daughter you respect that right answer
thanks buddy but now y'all are caught up
to speed guys and um hum hum hum hum hum
Adam Adam we are going to a shoot right
now a very private exclusive secretive
big shoot but the problem is is that we
can't tell you what it is team ten is
gonna be there I didn't even know who's
gonna be there actually but I know
Logan's give me the low he's gonna be
there right it's like a family reunion
it's almost like Logan was in the vlogs
for the past two days anyways because I
flippin dressed up as him yesterday if
you haven't seen yesterday's vlog
already what the flip are you doing guys
you got a joint did Jake pause you gotta
watch every single day bro smash that
subscribe button but in actuality guys
there is a lot going on in the past
couple of days Justin got a girlfriend
Anthony's dating Justin's mom she's
Justin's mom yeah Justin built a house
at the team tent house the list goes on
and on and on guys and welcome to my
life a life of Jake Paul and speaking of
Jake Paul Jake Paul has a Lamborghini
and I miss my Lamborghini I just want to
drive in a
a couple of days but that doesn't even
matter guys what matters is today and
the fact of today is that we're gonna
kill it let's do that you still have not
given me a right you haven't gonna
remember gimme yeah
who said I loved you I think we're
having communication problems because a
lot of girls in my life think I love
them and I don't I'm just kidding guys
but um I'm you know I you know I love
you so much to the moon and back no I
love you more no you hang up first
anyways let's do this thing would you
just say that's average 21 guy like
popular or like not
guys this is what we're shooting today
oh my god yo oh my god you see that now
you can't see that hashtag sorry make me
sex a big up sexy yeah did you know that
I was you for Halloween yet you the vlog
no how was you know you are guys that is
all I can film and it's time for me to
get changed so I'm gonna get changed and
do some secret shoots shoot house later
hey okay squad so he's finished up on
the shoot it went insanely well I almost
had to go to the ER because there was
like some stuff that like I had to trade
in my ear my mom's got a vlog camera my
hand is yellow now as well I got stained
I still got my pants on just kidding but
look who showed up
yo ok ok no but seriously we hang out
all the time
yo where have you guys seen as twins
represented espana damn on them here
look at them being twins oh my leg
it feels good to be back yeah it's weird
they stick back with the boys literally
I had to call Donald Trump himself to
let them back y'all I was like damn it
do you still want to be the president I
have to have my China I will make you
not the president if they don't come
back what happened you guys got deported
or what bad and lit huh cooking up don't
win I lose it up bad and lit huh ok we
should just stick to vlogging really but
yeah bro I know you guys have to go but
and we're so good to see my
dude I'm pulling over I'm pulling over
right now oh my gosh
these things are meant to happen if you
look for something in your life you most
likely won't find it you need it to come
to you I think I found the dopest piece
of furniture there is in the world my
guy Jay Paul are you selling these yes
yeah what is going on yo what's up why
are you in my car is that your other
place no I was looking for Anthony's
other but why are you guys here no did
you guys see these chips - is that why
you pulled over so is this your second
Bay Anthony it's my first what about
Justin's mom Oh God he's dating a 47
year old Jake polish tell me you don't
want four of those look how my son just
got a jacket from you thank you jack
that's my guy March Lincoln my oh thank
you Dad thank you I'm buying a ship yo
Pirates of the Caribbean my boy this is
furniture it is prime I'll take it two
hundred for two kids when I see a
bargain I'll take two let the furniture
come to you and not the other way around
this is the best furniture ever mom I
got two ships
this is what winning looks like okay
with Alex right now is that is that
what's going down
I mean I don't know Chad told us that
you guys good
all right yeah as I didn't some sound
too good okay
this reminds me of when you guys were
fighting you and no talk about me I'm
here for you dr. Chad something no no
you know there's a lot going on him team
dead right now too emotional
this let's go drive Lambos and we find
our loving couple what are you doing
what do you need
are you party lonely I don't really like
that much
I like libraries but what is this I'm
buying the Ferrari you don't get on t
ten you don't get
I'm in a Ferrari buddy it's not how it
works right here and the housecoats
you're 15 you can even drive I know how
are you beating a Ferrari you move in
you join team ten you get your own house
you a girlfriend you're at Mama's daily
Anthony and now you're getting hurry
yeah I mean I was thinking about it if
all the Jake callers subscribe smart kid
so you're saying if the Jake Lawler
subscribe you you're gonna get a
Lamborghini Jack Ferrari
what's Rory do you want bro if you get
four hundred eighty eight thousand
subscribers you definitely gotta buy it
four hundred eighty eight thousand more
subscribers yes more subscribers I'm at
eight hundred and twelve thousand I'll
I'll buy it yeah cuz you have three no
one you need 1 million bro this is 1
million games here oddity do the math
that fast he's crazy well I'm down for
this alright if you get if you get four
hundred and eighty eight thousand
subscribers right now you're gonna buy a
Ferrari yesterday yeah four hundred and
eighty eight thousand or more subsea
that will put me out eight hundred and
twelve thousand okay okay I'm down but
under one condition what I get to drive
it whenever I want I mean sure I can't
drive if I take polish take photos I'm
getting a Ferrari justice I mean
Justin's getting the Frog I mean I'm
buying you're buying him but if we can
get him four hundred and eighty eight
thousand subscribers right now then he's
gonna get a Ferrari you think youngest
Ferrari owner yeah yeah Guinness World
Record and why not I'll give up a
thousand dollars to five hundred people
watch subscribe subscribe oh my god
I feel like it's gonna become my Ferrari
because like in actuality how are you
think you really actually can't drive I
know
okay well I've room no to the
description subscribe to Justin needs
four hundred and eighty eight thousand
subscribers giving it you know I'm only
giving you I'm only giving you 48 hours
to do this though
Oh so we'll see if he's gonna get it who
are we coming in here for Oh to drive
the lab I want to have been waited
forever go on the wrong you know okay
they're fighting I'm just gonna do
something no no honey no honey no you
got me flowers wow it's crazy because
you've never gotten me flowers before in
real life but now since you're a vlogger
you're gonna give me flowers for content
no no baby I'm gonna drive you soon okay
I have issues I have a lot of issues the
treasure hunt
Oh Dennis here plus my mom and Nathan
but guys I had $1,000 around at the team
10 house in various locations if you
find the bill you get to keep it
so I already hit the bills so I
explained the game I am about to hide
these $100 bills guys at the thousand
dollars and you guys are gonna know
where they are but the team 10 members
don't
and the first hiding spot is Bob's butt
crack this senior Bob missing yeah
second one in my Lamborghini exhaust
they're gonna have to start it for it to
fly out third one in the merch rack not
only will they find $100 but then they
will also be able to buy the merchandise
the Lincoln mile Phandroid I call back
sighs Jay Paul cop the hottest merciful
in the game Brad first one in the pirate
ship fifth one in the gym look at this
sixth one is under my play button
seventh one is in my underwear drawer
eighth and ninth ones in the team ten
office because people should be working
and uh you're gonna like this last one
and the tenth one is gonna require the
most effort $100 bill taped to a rock so
it sinks into the team ten pool well it
disconnected well someone's gonna get it
all right guys so they're all ready with
their iPhones
okay Paulo chill chill it's just a
treasure hunt I'm the king scavenger
hunt I like this bathroom okay it smells
clean in here though
I feel like Jay can put someone
somewhere obvious in the Twitter know
people are running around everywhere I
don't know what's going on people are
finding stuff okay guys all right go
find them under dollars you know about
Ferrari I need this badly I need this
badly you just winked at us into the
garage we go do you know where you would
put it out I feel like it's in who's got
what everybody's seen inside but I know
personally I saw Jake walk it outside I
don't see anybody else in the kitchen
look at this you guys the kitchen is
empty we're gonna look in here oh my god
there's a lot of covers I don't know why
I thought popped our box swapped our box
No
a new boat okay I'm gonna guess it oh my
god it's right here
you guys it's right here look at this
alright let's try and plan some more
bring the library here learning all of
the knowledge you can learn a lot in a
team penthouse let me tell you something
but it's not your book so we're not
gonna be in here Jake whatever hi dad
okay this might be a little bit harder
to the Southside I've no idea where I'm
looking a Chad found the one in the pool
it's worth it bro no all the other ones
are already gone really I was still this
I'm just gonna take this right here room
coming along very nice proud of you okay
okay I'm home it's gotta be something no
wait yeah be something to 100 big max oh
my gosh
yo raid yet 200 yo ray is all over it I
got $100 there's no more all here guys
yeah I got it you got it in the ship
yo ship it let me see all right I'm
gonna keep this yeah I'm gonna keep this
because I'm not going to college so
you'd have to pay for my college so I'm
curious yeah I'm just kidding you can
have it back yeah you can have was it
worth it
underwear drawer Chittagong got it we've
literally scavenge the garage top the
bottom Oh found it bro I think the only
way we need to get this we're just by
turning it on I think he's right I
definitely can't rather know someone
found the Lambo this is the only time
I'm okay with people being in my lap oh
who is it who got it no we almost took
off it made a vlog no honey no I knew
you'd find the one in my underwear
drawer I had a feeling I was in your
closet well Jake ballers that has been
it for today but guys I want to briefly
mention something it is my favorite
piece of merchandise the Jake Paul
status should we check it out yo that is
absolute Wi-Fi if you haven't gotten a
status OD already I know it's getting
cold wherever you live in the world so
go to the link in the description Apollo
shut up if you are already a part of the
strongest team on YouTube smash that
subscribe button
today has been an awesome hump day and I
will see y'all tomorrow because it's
everyday new season of merch guys
by fans window backslash Jake Paul get
it well you can yeah
make sure you're subscribed to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow Poosh
