hey I love your ball supplies I mother
dressed up like Logan ball when I get
back from the store and these two start
freaking out it's currently Halloween
good morning to you guys party people
I'm all your boxes in the morning baby
whoa Jake Pollard's what is Gucci what
is going on I got my yellow shoes on
today so you know it's the bow to go to
flip down today is going to be an epic
day if you are new your arm Jake Paul
you guys are the Jake Paula this is the
team tenho and it is lit every single
day brah we have a Halloween adventure
in front of us so grab your vlog belt
flick them in strap in for the ride I
just pull my Lamborghini out of the
garage to get some good lighting how are
you guys doing I hope you guys are
smiling I hope you guys are dabbing on
them haters
you dressed up as me yeah I am you Nike
mid-calf Gucci shorts in merchant
yellers in a red snapback this is
procures no I already hate Halloween
this is my car
I am your daddy this is why I sometimes
hate Halloween like oh my god I got in
my car like this aw that's the best part
of the costume hi I'm Jay Paul and
you're watching Disney Channel why does
he actually look like me I was literally
looking for my yellows and the step back
this morning okay fine I do do that I do
do that well if you Jake Paul aha I
guess that means I don't have to vlog
today so Nathan no mess okay today we're
gonna be pulling a Lamborghini prank on
all these sorry yeah
psyche this is my look uncle Nathan
you're fired for even filming that right
take or hi how's it look pretty good
push you're lying to me like what is
going on just kidding no I really don't
hate Halloween but I do hate what's
going on right now because I want to be
Jake Paul I I am Jake Paul what as sad
as it is guys hate and chat here since
they are dressed up it has given me the
idea that I do need to become something
for Halloween leave me alone that is my
thing like I was saying guys I have a
little bit of a dilemma because I have
like a couple of ideas on what I want to
be for Halloween some of them are funny
some of them are reminiscent and I
really want to be able to can I move in
here no boy I already told you this
yesterday why you're 15 years old bro I
know but we have nowhere left what do
you mean we have nowhere to live you
just started dating get out of 15 in 17
bro please I'm trying to vlog that means
you got to leave now yeah I just killed
you know we're broke oh I know but the
house is already like fool basically if
you want to build a house in the grass
over there fine go for it but you're 15
I'm gonna vlog so let's go over this way
sorry like I said though I'm in a
dilemma because yo that was some flow
put a beat behind that I'm telling it to
my point here but the dilemma is is I
don't know what your Halloween custom to
be so I'm gonna put names into a hat and
then pick it out to see which one I want
to be you know you should be for
Halloween you should be single try that
on for size so I have four options guys
for my Halloween costumes I'm gonna
write them down on these pieces of paper
and put them in this hat and then pick
one out and that's who I am going to be
for Halloween yeah Nick Crompton Logan
Paul Dirk for my old Disney show hurry
up or the Martinez twins
No I can't do this I can't do this not
my oh damn couch maybe take Paul bro
what are you doing bro you can't be me -
oh stop being Jake Paul I wanna be me ow
my shin so I have four options and I'm
putting them in the hair right now no
we're leaving bail you're ruining my day
all of you are ruining my day
okay I have four names in this hat I'm
gonna decide who I'm going to be please
bring your craft please beam their craft
and my Halloween the costume is I'm
about to be lowball I mean you're gonna
get more subs now
take your Panther down damn it literally
falling apart you can't just use me as a
punching bag but guys I'm the real I'm
the real real real I get to dress up as
Logan which I'm actually super excited
for hold on here's a little bit of a
preview I tell you a gift for now but
guys I was really disappointed because I
wanted to just hope his Nick company
because away my England is my city and
that would be hilarious but I came up
with a better idea why not make a mini
Nick Crumpton I'm talking turning mini
Jake Paul into a mini Nick Crump did
that is what I'm talking about that is
innovation nothing's going on Nick don't
come in this is Oreo do you want to be a
mini Nick Crompton
oh yes there's only one thing left to do
buddy
okay sorry Nick
you know I think he's asleep we'll be
right back
a few moments later yeah better let's go
let's go talk to Nick okay let's go talk
to Nick I know you're gonna take him out
of his desk okay just take over bro
you're done you stay down buddy Minnie
make room you out replace Dumas late
this is the best way to go
how is business he's also a better
version of me too so I can't really say
anything he just fired everyone yo I
have to say this is one of the best
moments of my life I knew that mini Nick
Crumpton would be the best Halloween
costume happy Halloween people I'm
feeling the vibe
baby mini-me Crumpton I love you
Halloween is starting to come around
it's starting it's starting to catch up
to me right supposed to be filming me
not not playing with the mark shot it
supposed to be filming me although the
merch is really fire you're supposed to
be yeah just just come back here how
does it look how's my veterans back up a
little bit autofocus yeah well that
brings me to my next point which is the
more chilling in the bio some of the
hottest suppose immerse you in the game
bro get it while you're flipping damn
enough with the nonsense right am i
looking good about this you've ever
worked I'm looking good I'm looking good
enough with the BS it is time to dress
up as Logan Paul for Halloween feel like
it's weird because like I saved my
brother's first and that like I can I
used to just call him Logan but not call
him Logan Paul yeah cool he's from
Alabama his to move back there now
anyways what it's Logan Paul time in
three two one
and I get back from the store and these
two start freaking out we've been
telling you this we get you're doing
stuff you know Logan Paul but you gotta
throw what Justin's up dude you just
gotta look he joins team ten no look
just look I don't trust no you just need
to see this
what is this yeah it's a it's a power
line what do they do in my house no how
did you build a house in one day this is
what I'm saying you know it does look
more like a shed dude look at this you
don't have permission to build on my
property I'm officially a team member
now I told you you can't do this what do
you need
yeah we'll wait we'll wait your did tell
me no what do you mean you told me our
feeling house
throw the clip alright no I'm not
rolling a clip just say it dude roll the
clip if you want to build a house in the
grass over there fine go for it but
you're 15 oh no I mean no what are you
and your girlfriend moving into here are
things going that well yeah as a union
girl I just it's me but she'll visit how
does this even come about bro
woo you like you like yeah he was
talking about a driveway y'all knew how
strong yo this is just a temporary house
- I'm actually building a bigger one
over in the side yard what do you mean
you're building its word how do you have
yeah this rose it's pretty cool inside
this is more like a shed yeah I'm just
looking out for you but I want you to
look Soph I'll cut that part out
audience you see this part I'm cutting
that part out okay I'm gonna blow your
balls I'm moving Paul in five four three
two this is my dog Kong good morning -
are you good bro Logan are you good bro
what are you doing there - dude I was
always the better brother I was always
the better always the favorite thing
take the survey are you good bro
logan paul here I made out with your
girl from a doubt my girlfriend and I
made you relevant off dude Lydia clean
it up maverick I know where's Chloe
Bennet we act like we're not dating
we really do you know why you just
jealous of me oh I'm jealous you live in
my shadow I have a bigger house in you I
really do my awesome okay yeah I have a
Lamborghini and you forgot about your
own dad's birthday that's Harley right
here
I bought that form for his birthday
where we what were you doing exactly
that's all you were doing my logs get
more views after I put you in my teeth I
don't come your brand-new key filling
this Brendan get over here do you smell
that
oh my god Brandon okay smell dad's Luis
Brendan Brendan film this bro bro this
is a dumb red sweatshirt you're
colorblind right is that blue oh I
always do that
anyways lo que we are going inside my
brother Lydia Brendan it's all my
fabrics out there keep um maverick in my
key to my Yeti
we ready for my key to my heading I'm
trying to drive the Yeti and someone hit
me manager Jeff I'm done with it I'm
gonna be Jake Paul again give me the
back whoa there's Logan you don't but I
love B dick fall this is good morning
Jake Paz what scutes you with y'all if
you're new here I'll take both this is
the team Jenna I'm back back I'm the
real hell bro Katie you went in row you
went in spirit that's here
cool okay squad so as you guys know I
had a Halloween Contest for merch and I
picked two winners to spend Halloween
with your boy and do some stuff nice to
meet you Jaidev Lemaitre see what's up
to the vlog say what's up to the Jake
Bolin's is the team ten house right guys
we have guests such a warm welcome cool
we're here it's okay you're not gay Paul
Halloween stuff while we can three two
one
kinda
we're all on it J koalas think y'all so
much for watching it has been a happy
flippin Halloween if you haven't already
go to the link in the description and
can make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
