okay and the plane is gone we all came
to this together and decided you are no
longer a freshman would you fog belts on
because it's about to get lit you guys
with the Jake Pollard's I'm Jake Paul
this is the team time out and it's
there's a lot that is about to go on
today but guys as you saw yesterday we
have a flippin bouncy house in our house
has our first piece of amateur there's
so much going on like I said my time
she's also wearing Jay Palmer's link in
the description always hear the bouncy
house in our house and what better thing
to do than to move it over here into the
main area and go flying off of the
middle section into the bouncy house
stuff what we're talking about its
alliteration kids pay attention upon the
mater's I squaw get the deflated and
then jump and then jump guys when you
deflate this it's like the saddest thing
in the world that's the saddest thing
I've seen all day I've seen chocolate
space today we lifted it's pretty sad
inflating someone's gonna send it off
the second floor oh it's a flip English
equation cuz I love you got it we have a
bouncy house in our house guys we're
just getting started
Justin's mom is gonna be here in a
little bit I think Anthony and her I
like talking or something I have a TV
show coming out too guys just put your
blog up though you got this yeah I'm
having second thoughts just go in the
middle yo Justin Justin told Kade to
stop being a little girl this is how we
do it manager justin is stepping up to
the plate
are you alive that might be ready to
graduate he said yesterday we have the
conversation yesterday he's just ready
to graduate Sunday
good morning party people Justin
stepping up to the flippin plate look at
how big this looks right now hello
whatever you do buddy don't bite a hole
in the bouncy house okay okay he's got
it he's got it guys I don't know what
you think but the bouncy house is one
hell of a piece of furniture super late
but last night ray comes storming in
he's like yo Jake I got the second piece
of furniture in the house and he brings
this giant beanbag so now I think total
we have three pieces of furniture in the
house a beanbag a bouncy house and we
have that couch in the other room but I
want to introduce you is somebody new
Ryan is here he's gonna be helping film
style for the Jake Pollard's to call him
Ryan but his nickname is lying and he's
here especially for when I fire uncle
Nathan because fire yeah you're fired
you're fired
now we're good how does it look I see
you there you are okay I'll just take
the camera yes he's always lying anyways
though I hired Nathan back yet he's back
and right how does it look moonscape
Shawn sorry
Oh God we're gonna work on him to him
he's always lying and stuff but what
there's a lot going on party people and
you know I think we're gonna have a
graduation for Justin he needs to
graduate the kid made it like I think
he's ready to graduate into something
bigger smart this is smart
why are you seeing Anthony how come let
you in yeah I'll come let you in
Anthony's a good guy
your mom's in good hands I mean that's
still weird they've hit on my mom it's
fine really it's really not fine it's
kinda it's kind of really weird but ya
know Justin your mom's here give your
mom a hug bro guys Jake ballers this is
a Hannah she's Justin's mom yeah it's
pretty cool she's from Norway yeah shut
up
your mom's from Norway yeah are you from
Norway kind of pushy she's from Norway
were you born there no I was born in
Florida I'm so good jeans
well hi Hannah nice to meet you yes
how old are you Anthony keeps me here
the tour okay
so hot girl it looked like she was going
to his room I mean baby but all part of
the game Justin it's all part of the
game I'll have to tell you about the
birds and the bees yeah okay
embrace it embrace it venti minutes lay
down guys big flippin news we just had a
big meeting here in our meeting spot
we're still working on the team ten
office you know yesterday we talked
about it I know we've kind of been like
hinting at it we finally came to the
conclusion that I think Justin is ready
to graduate high school yes but not only
graduate high school to graduate high
school into team ten we made a group
decision is this man Nick Crompton is
here CEO he said let's flip and run it
Justin is he father like we want to make
him the coolest fifteen-year-old in the
world and it's just like one step at a
time like we went over the list
yesterday Drake follow us on Instagram
he's verified on Instagram he's got a
model girlfriend he beat Anthony's ass
now he's gonna be on Team ten he just
he sent it before he just sent it
because Cade was being a little girl my
man is also completely side note was
that that's my that's my BAE
no offense Erica no but guys we need to
put out a fool on graduation I'm talking
stage I'm talking caps and gowns I'm
talking diploma which is the diploma is
the team time contracts like you never
graduated high school so maybe we can do
that too yeah my baby gonna stage you
might as well you should watch it I can
graduate high school no inside no decide
to do it miss Clarke said I would never
graduate
but I'm graduating now too and we have
to put on a for our graduation Anthony
and Justins mom are still out somewhere
- I don't understand cause it's gross
upstairs - I saw here's two bays
Oh I mean I don't know it gets
unconfirmed for the mom and him but I
know what I'm for this day just sings
mom yes yes which is 47 and from Norway
when did this happen
you're in the UK guys there's a lot
going on and we're gonna do a graduation
and put it on in like less than an hour
because I have to go like do this TV
show thing I did a TV show I don't know
but I'm about to graduate we need to
pull this off in like one hour everybody
jump on the phone and start making calls
okay
yeah all team ten members all team ten
members need to be there yeah yeah like
yes that's day maybe an hour and a half
yeah yeah maybe it right now with Jimmy
in the boys that stage the big wall
anybody know
okay alright yo there's so much going on
but we're making progress in starting to
sink in that I think I'm gonna actually
flip and graduate today people we're
still going on and I have a huge update
for you the Lambo merch contest winners
if you entered in guys thank you so much
Robert I mean I'm not mad at it but like
I was saying guys the Lambo merch
contest winners if you didn't enter guys
there's gonna be more to come the
exclusive merch table sar my favorite
and I have the names of the three people
who are getting their names engraved
into the Lamborghini and flown out to
Los Angeles to flippin driving a
Lamborghini with you and I still don't
have a name unfortunately but without
any further ado my boy Ryan Underwood
Ryan couldn't graduations my boy you're
our first winner and the second winner
is my boy ty John good Jeske as the
house name that's your name ty
congratulations my boy and the third
winner goes to my girl Jessie Moore
Jessie you rock dab on them haters I'm
gonna be reaching out to you guys to fly
out to Los Angeles let's go
not their life update guys and giving
you updates here my parents are getting
back together
please let's go with it for the vlog for
the vlog okay yes yeah Wow tough crowd
tough crowd another update guys stuff is
starting to get here for the graduation
we need to go take care of that and set
everything up without Justin noticing
still has no idea what's going on let's
go so the boxes are here I think this is
the stage we got our setup crew here -
dude how are you feeling man feel good
from yesterday from yesterday will
happen yesterday yeah is gonna kill the
game we need to set up this is Justin's
big day and also mine we have a stage
then come on down here we got lying Ryan
just remember your jobs on the line
anyways we have a stage yo a flippin
podium a ton of chairs I think we have
caps and gowns coming yeah oh my god we
forgot someone needs to be the principal
dude fine fine stop yelling Jake I'll do
it you don't have to be so forth every
don't worry I got it cut yo he's always
literally like volunteering himself for
everything and I just used that pause
button on his hoodie all right well I'm
yeah yeah
calm down here yeah audio still alright
he's kind of annoying I'm gonna leave
him there come on we got a lot of stuff
to do 20 minutes lay down
yo everything is set up we have all of
our audience here we have team ten
members on stage ready to welcome Justin
in the team ten we have the contracts
and everything we have our ad couple
here whoa whoa yeah Justin just as
girlfriend's the Panthers are here hey
BAM stirs and stirs manager Kevin's in
the building Greg Paul we have lion Ryan
in the corner let's go get Justin come
on
we told his videographer to distract
them and like film something with him
inside I said I have a surprise well
surprise I'm not gonna tell you what it
is
are you ready though just know it's your
big day this works you don't like the
way you look I guarantee it it's not a
prank bro I'm about to get shot with
something no no come on bro
nothing's going on hold for plane keep
on holding for plane twelve seconds late
Dale there's a plane sorry it really
messes up the audio one hour later
you're still getting the plane
eventually okay and the plane is gone we
all came to this together and decided
you are no longer a freshman it is time
for you to graduate
just put on your cap and gown buddy it
is time for you to graduate and not only
are you graduating you're graduating in
two team ten it's a big day we saved a
seat for you next to your girlfriend and
everything yeah this is an actual high
school I mean it kind of is but this is
just take you see you next to your
girlfriend let's give it up one more
time
guys I'll be right back Uncle Kate it's
on you hello and welcome to all what is
a very very special occasion I've
gathered you all here today to have a
phenomenal graduation for two new
students can we give it up for them
right away
the first of two goes by the name Justin
Roberts know this kid has cable yeah
yeah so far and in the past three days
really only three days before that it
was a complete loss but these past three
days have showed me that Justin has what
it takes he actually went from being a
sophomore to graduating high school so
give it up yeah since we're a hole here
you know everyone is looking great I see
none of the already team time members
decided to wear hats yeah we made it
we're good niggas for the hair the other
two laziness it's fun I would like to
give a short speech in commemoration of
Justin you know he really has came from
the bottom and now he's here I mean
literally Drake follows him on Instagram
I would trade all of my followers if
Drake was just the only one of himself
that in itself is phenomenal this
morning alone Justin called me about
sending it also yesterday he made he
made Tony look like right and that's
great subs so yeah now I would like to
welcome the man himself the myth and the
legend just about his monster
congratulations Justin congratulations
on numbers hands
oh now Justin as you know this is not
only a graduation from teams in high
school but this is a graduation hard to
team ten I have a very important
document here for you in my hand this in
itself is the krabby patty formula I
mean the team ten contract okay
I'm wanting to take that you sign this
and you will be one of us you know you
will be one of us actually own he's uh
he's not 18 can we get hot mom I mean
mom up here hey okay bring it up yeah
yeah you may be signing his life away
but he's gonna have millions of dollars
okay signature there great perfect and
one more and this last one that's just
for me but if you could sign there yeah
and you just need a phone number below
that last signature
great thank you so much okay okay Justin
get the get off my stage oh no I don't
give a speech Wow Wow about six months
ago I started hanging out with oh they
became like a part of my family and now
to be a part of all of ten
and it was gonna in my ears and their
Compton and Joe gray hey Phil my videos
what thank you yeah as I said today we
are here for two graduates and the
second graduate but we never thought
would do it actually is a dropout still
has never walked a stage to this day Jay
Paul you know my teachers always told me
Jake you have to finish school and you
know what that may be true but I don't
live off of maybes I live off of
definites and one thing that is a
definite is that I live a fun enjoyable
life and that's what it's all about
having fun being with your friends and
being able to live the life you want
this actually is not a team ten contract
this is a high school diploma dad wake
up Hannah oh yeah that's my boy you know
it's funny because miss Clark she's not
here tonight unfortunately she said she
said I'd never make it like now I pulled
up to the graduation in a Lambo okay
that's been our high school graduation
thank you guys yo guys awesome
graduation on the real though actually
like congratulations you're officially
you know it's crazy mt-10 it's been a
long time coming so we got yourself an
official team ten shirt virtually
getting by Oh Drake Walmart just all
their fans radar come back so that's
Jake ball always plug seriously that's
not a Smurfs in the game you gotta get
it broke what welcome to team ten bro
you did it now a team ten member and I
move into the house
hmm that's aggressive no no no no no
since you are a team 10 member tradition
everybody all the jape alters right now
need to go subscribe to his channel team
10 is the strongest team online hands
downs we're almost at a hundred million
followers between all of us guys to the
and now Justin's on that list so we got
to go support them smash that subscribe
button and I'm choosing three of you to
shout out in tomorrow's video to
subscribe to his channel the link will
be in the description flippin killing
the game but guys your blog belts are
still on we're killing the flipping game
Brian is still shooting random stuff
there's probably a plane up there okay
we're mainly shooting me like Jake Paul
vlogs okay he's fine
he's learning but we're just getting
started what now we are here guys at the
fight of the Living Dead premiere I told
y'all I was on a flippin TV show as you
guys are watching this it has already
come out today you guys can check it out
if you want mom we flip and made it on
the TV mom dad you're here too I bought
you a Harley I could say what I want
it's true you are my favorite song and I
am his favorite yo let's clip it kill it
in there baby
thank you all for coming give it up for
yourselves guys
this was insane to film like I'm pretty
sure all of us have PTSD from it but I
want to thank everyone who's here that
helped when I put it on in the cast and
everyone and we're going to show you
guys in the trailer running in 2016 10
YouTube stars took part in an epic
challenge well felt to survive this
zombie apocalypse first 72 hours only to
returned today a new experiment begins
initiate paradise calls me the first
welcome you to the site of the upcoming
paradise calling music festival remain
coach I'm ready
are an extremely dangerous situation
right now your number one goal should be
to simply survive scam
get the deed get the key
if you guys want to play games
i'ma show you how the game is played my
boy Tommy buddy they try not to cheat on
it
Jake is nowhere to be seen Jesus Christ
I really really don't know what I said
going safe
channel leave yeah let's see what the
party is
what are you doing so Jake Pollard's
just got home thank you all so much for
watching join the strongest team on
YouTube smash that subscribe button and
copy yourself some of the hottest mores
in the game join the family tab on the
mater's it's everyday bro keep on
smiling keep on working not even a band
on the mater's and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's every day new
season of merch guys fans Waco backslash
kpop get it while you can
yeah make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
