good morning big ballers put your vlog
belts on because it is about to get lit
we're strapped in and ready to flip
until the game but we need to get
started with something right now just
yeah my guy has a new girlfriend he's
been killing the game lately and today
we're continuing to make him the coolest
15 year old in the flip-it world so
being from Ohio end of the vigil in the
game Ohio games we are some flippin
fighters bro as I we're putting some
gloves on him and Nathan's friends
Nathan's friends from where at Michigan
no Stephen are staying at the team
Tanenhaus Dicky they're having a good
old jolly time you know snapchat in my
Lamborghini
oh man Jay Paul's out not today not
today cuz I'm sending my boy Justin in
there take that off I told you sorry
about that Jake boys like I said it's
lit every day round one fighters ready
how we do it haha I feel bad I can't be
that you can crazy if you're new here
I'm Jake Paul this is the team ten house
and it's lit every single anyways Jake
Polish oh you're killing the game hope
you're smiling I hope you're working
hard I hope you're dabbing on the flip
if you guys aren't already in the family
what are you doing Brock join the Jake
polish smash that subscribe bye so it's
roller coaster hey we got a lot going on
today the family is here the bros are
here Apollo is your yo-yo we forgot to
wake up oh I've never done I'm texting
your mom - she's about to come over
that's as harsh Oh chill bro chill you
will come with an attitude man you hold
your own I'm proud of you it was super
attitude to see with it BAE last night
yeah this is so great Odin has a she
probably dumped him yes she's not here I
don't know my face stays with me yeah
anyways Jake Pollard's odd bro are you
good are you good cuz you didn't look
good no also it feels so
my mom's back at my house also she went
to the store and got me flipping food I
don't eat unless there's just food in
front of me basically and growing up
like you would always make us butter
noodles so the Panthers are back oh
that's your broken on the banisters are
here and stronger than ever but you like
the house right and also can we talk
about how my mom looks exactly like you
had looked exactly even though you were
her when you were younger yeah she's
much better looking no it's not doing
that girl stuff now you're cuter no
you're cuter shut up you're cute look at
this look at this look at that look at
and look like right hip and look like
ooh right hey Pam you look this down my
mom I'm confused you're the one saying
that your mom looks like justice and you
think she's pretty so oh wait this is
weird I'm just gonna so we got to watch
out for him then listen if it's anything
like it was on high school then you got
to watch out for her a bitch bro I'm on
now got anyone that talks to my girls
okay girls
no girl you my girl and not only does
Ray look like my mom I look like the
washed-up version of Justin Bieber what
I'm washed up man anywho dad second day
of Varley I know I'm going riding pretty
soon I'm dirty so no no let's go right
now you got to put my jeans on it some
people want me to model my new house so
GP and I are about to go on the very
first ride together as a father-and-son
flip duo which take bonding mom where
are you going damn it
so I look like an egg oh you like
dummies
let's go here we go
yo first right flippin awesome rose so
sweet proud of you that's limit it makes
me want to flip and get one I don't know
I don't know baby baby now we just need
to find you a girl girl huh
guys we're killing it already and you're
making this like the vlogs I feel like
this has got to be the blogspot like
this is like the dopest view it looks
lit but anyways guys I forgot that it's
Sunday Funday
no yeah Justin's mom replied are you
good bro yeah just know that we'll take
them out for you so what is it a deal I
gotta go the show bully beatdown
basically the show where they bring a
bully on and just beat his ass no no but
we're gonna put our own spin on it
what you been talking about you need to
establish that it is Sunday Funday
though you go up to him and say I bet
you $5,000 that I can beat you in a
fight no real boxing match will go to
actual boxing right you better have a
$5,000 that you can beat him in a box
image who's got his new bag it has to be
no he's dripping bro I think later on we
should find out who in the bay is and
make ad about he reveals grinder or that
one Avery over that one so he's gonna
want to fight because he's gonna he's
gonna win 5,000 I like Justin for $5,000
one on one when the bell rings in the
first round all of us jump in
yeah he does sometimes you just you just
gotta get beat up yo Tony Tony it's best
at that your toner so buddy
huh pal oh I'm gonna challenge you to a
boxing match and whoever wins this is
you and I yes this is not a smart list
and I don't know if I would do that if I
beat up Tony Ralph my children my left
hand only two that's the deal I would
take that shake again now it's
one-on-one you can only use your left
hand well looks like we have to go to a
boxing match and Justin and Anthony are
gonna fight Oh guys we got you we just
got to this professional boxing gym like
look it there's a full-on ring and
everything it's about to go flip Tony
doesn't know is that it we're all about
to jump from the ring he thinks he's
about to win $5,000 Justin you up though
because you're gonna be in there for 10
seconds I think good luck he's pretty
we're told I'd like to call this segment
on bully beatdown just Anthony needs to
change his attitude he woke up on the
wrong side of the bed Oh tale of the
tape two fighters from different sides
of the world fighting for $5,000
I'm your host Jake Paul here today with
me radius' hey chance
Sutton good to be here good to be here
Jake and guy these fighters have a lot
on the line
Anthony is having an attitude problem
Justin said you would beat his ass both
have different fighting styles both have
different heights both have different
weights Anthony has a disadvantage of
only using his left hand Justin Roberts
is gonna have to come in fierce swinging
for the ropes
I've got my money on Justin Rob Bob or
Robert whoo I'm gonna have to agree with
you there Jake Paul Justin Rob Bob
Roberts he just got too handsy
Tony's kind of a stroke he was texting
the whole time during warmup probably
both girls just his mom and hey and that
is why Justin is gonna come in with
theory because Anthony is texting his
mom that is not acceptable
let's see how these fighters stand up
Wow we have a close matchup here tonight
folks jumping in the ring to toners
going down let's hand it over to our
referee what's your name Shane the G way
vain Hey referee Shane take it away
high five to the center I want a good
clean fight no hitting behind the head
go head and go over the waist
touch gloves come on fight
that I respected not a freshman anymore
Junior yeah bro decided to just you know
lose the idea I Frank people I'm you to
describe smash this Tibetan cobbler what
was with it like you're good now you
just need to get your ass beat one time
was it well you know everyone needs to
get stuck I'm out here okay I respect
the man and I respect Justin for getting
in the ring with them yellow my boy bear
well we want to teach Anthony chance
worse Anthony
doesn't fight you guys kiss ya I'm now
give it be on our channel too anyways
yeah selfish yet honestly Justin your
mom really will be there tomorrow bro I
know my mom's hot I'm the coolest
fifteen-year-old in the world Amanda
Cerny follows me on Instagram
Drake follows me on Instagram I'm best
friends with King back yeah my boys
going in I have my own apartment in
Miami and in LA I have an older model
girlfriend and I just beat you up well
guys it because that is out of the way
we can go back to Sunday screw you Tony
yeah happy you and I really think like
yo is Justin already what a graduate and
if so like did we just make like a whole
graduate I don't know I don't know I
don't know we'll talk about we'll talk
we're gonna talk about it and apparently
his mom's coming tomorrow which will be
able to meet her I don't know oh yeah
blogs - because it's Sunday Funday yes
it's a little bit later guys we were now
back at home but because it is Sunday
Funday that means we have to get a piece
of furniture that's right I said
furniture because furniture is boring
I want furniture so my man David here
he's bringing us a piece of furniture I
got the footage if you thought for one
second that the first piece of furniture
wasn't going to be a bouncy house you're
wrong you've got a David
this is : Lily bring her up
never forget about safety and the team
10 house just got that much sweeter but
do not inflate inside of house well if
this isn't a thumbnail I don't know what
David we're done you could take it okay
that was the litter
it was alliteration is it still is kids
at all we're gonna do yeah I told David
to take it Justin your girlfriend's in
my merch
why aren't you remember oh I see what
you guys did you switched he wore my
merch and you wore Erica's mark
oh jeez now you're running themes with
this girlfriend guys we had to put
Apollo in his crate which we like never
put him in if he bites the bounce house
I know he's a biter
he's a biter he will pop a hole in it oh
I know holiday kill the game this day is
here
we're finding this baby what's your name
I usually hit on Anthony's girlfriend oh
yeah yeah when were you gonna introduce
us this is all so what are we bringing
our Loki or orange there's something we
do I'm gonna bring mine yeah no girl no
what's that tattoo you see my tattoo
yeah what Ray has a girl's name tattooed
on him and you probably know who it is
that girl might have a tattoo of him on
her and you know who it is Jake Paul
exclusive well the boys are here the
girlfriends are here most importantly
uncle Nathan because he's about to film
the half true
Jake Pollard's it is it all new season
of merch guys this does fans Waco
backslash take Paul get it while you can
yeah make sure your subscribe to keep up
with my life on the daily basis and if
you want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house our group
channel is called team 10 Chuck see you
guys tomorrow
oops
