okay here's your second part of your
gift what is this
today is Valentine's Day a day of love a
day where couples come together and show
appreciation for each other
no I didn't give morning Jake polish and
welcome to the mostly YouTube channel on
YouTube that's a verifiable fact you
points me in the ribs maybe you
shouldn't be eating toaster strudel our
Valentine's Day is off to a great start
guys listen up if you're new here my
name is Jay Paul you guys are the Jade
haulers and now you just became a part
of today's journey put your vlog belts
on and you're ready for today's
roller-coaster ride on this channel how
it is that it actually is going to be a
really cute day guys um yo God ever got
my $6,000 family it's going to be super
cute I have a dinner plant later I'm
getting their flowers but I thought it'd
be funny to like prank her the whole day
get her stuff that like she thinks this
is joke and like mess with her mind you
had a know if that's me nerd no it's
perfect yeah blogger that's what I was
doing I wanted to give you your first
gift of the day there's like stone hook
for the pan you know what I'm saying so
close your eyes close your eyes close
your eyes close your eyes
I'm angry perfect okay open your eyes oh
sure oh but they're not just any taco
shells cuz Wow Thank You taco fight okay
taco boy yeah no shell fight I love her
what did I just say yesterday I didn't
tell you where I was going I kinda
wanted it to be a surprise and also like
if you didn't know we were we were do it
do you didn't know where you're going
then that means that you would have had
you kind of press the subscribe button
to watch the next day's video like I
mean if you have a person subscribe
button alright first of all what are you
doing this is the most like you know
smash that subscribe button join the
everyday bro movement be the impossible
smile today
dab on the mater's today chase your
dreams on a day-to-day basis that's what
life's about kids but it is time to tell
you where we are and we are currently
about to surprise a fan at his school
here in Park City Utah
oh you da you know I made you a song you
want to hear it yeah
okay here it is roll the clip oh that
was different
yeah yeah not only did I make you a song
which was fire and speaking of fire I
also got you a gas can for Valentine's
Day and this lighter because our
relationship is explosive you know what
I mean it's hey thank you wow thank you
so much couple dolls but it's actually
crazy guys because for the best like how
old am i 21 Valentine's Days I've spent
it with pizza
hashtag retweet if same mi Reich is like
literally my whole entire Valentine's
days have just been me a pizza like
retweet you know say like relatable no
this is the first time that I actually
have another human being to spend it
with so I really I really don't want to
mess it up which brings me to my next
point like I'm just trying my hardest
Erica and so I I really like the thought
process behind these gifts yeah the gift
and speaking of gifts I have my third
gift right here yeah this one is kind of
a hint it's like a little hint um how
did you make your juice but like hey
that's very very clever
Boyko I'm actually excited for today
though guys like Valentine's Day
spending time with Erica I'm excited to
see what presents you got me huh revenge
you didn't like the taco shells lob down
okay guys guys we are here at Liam's
elementary school and ah it is say
what's up to the Jake father
oh he knows him well let's dip out of
this school man so my boy came out of
nowhere like I guess that's just how the
Jake polish do you're just a boring
Savage not to be rude to Logan but jake
has cooler and softer make Paul and you
guys could be next you won the
Valentine's Day contest are you ready to
be our third wheel like it's Valentine's
Day
Jerrica third wheel no that's gonna be a
4-3 at this point Jake yeah dude
Nathan's here don't ya know don't forget
about Kelly yeah I ship it
Nathan you're fired oh ho Liam it's time
to go car valentine's day is time to go
car guys here's the liam you're going
down I don't care if you're 11 I'm a
savage and I'm gonna literally destroy
you
but yo Liam I'm gonna let you in on a
little secret right now Erica now is a
dollar gift the Jake Pollard's don't
know what it is Erica get away name I do
actually have a couple more gifts
for you before I give you your main gift
yeah time to get serious
Liam it was awesome hanging out with you
once again thank you so much for
entering in to the Valentine's Day
contest all of you guys Jake Pollard's I
want to take a moment to thank you guys
for being a part of this family for
supporting me on a day-to-day basis you
know how much I love you guys you know
how late what of a family we are but on
a serious note I'm about to give Erica
the gift that I got her for Valentine's
Day I think gifts are great and it's a
great way of showing appreciation for
somebody but I think something that's a
little bit more valuable is taking a
little bit of time to appreciate
somebody else and so that's what I want
to do and Erica won't know that I did
this until she watches it on my vlog
she's a Jake Poehler dab like and
subscribe hey guys I'm not good at these
things but I just want to say thank you
thank you so much for making me laugh
and making me smile making me happy on a
day-to-day basis
thank you for always having my back
through thick and thin think I can
always count on you to be there for me I
can always expect you to have my back
and and in this crazy Hollywood industry
where people are just trying to backstab
each other and get to the top and and
leech off of each other for fame and I
know we've been through thick and thin
and Jake flaws I know you've seen this
past year has been crazy and erica has
always been by my side supporting me
Erica you're truly amazing thank you for
being so pretty thank you for being so
beautiful thank you for making me a
better person on a day to day basis and
you you deserve the world and I only
hope that I can make you happier and
I think there's a huge bright future I'm
not getting these things I just want to
break stuff lastly Erica I think you're
my like first real Valentine ever which
is kind of crazy to say but again you
deserve the world and just know that
forever mad at each other
no no forever are you in we're in a
fight just know that I want the best for
you and for us I hope you enjoyed
watching this and I also hope you enjoy
the six thousand dollar gift that I got
you because if you don't I'm returning
that and that's a fact Erica yo I got
you a gift
what is it it's better than the tacos
yeah you go first all right so I'm
actually really nervous about this cuz
I've no idea if you're gonna like it
okay let's start with this one Versace
yeah yo thanks Erica you didn't even
open it yes I know but I just want to
say thank you you're welcome
for be my Valentine okay open 52 things
I heart about Jericho ha our trips to
Miami your arms when you're the big
spoon you know this is so much more
thoughtful than my gift going fat you
believe in me I do believe in you
okay I'll read the rest later Wow Marty
off to a losing battle with the gift yo
this is over sup yo oh it's a response
robe and slippers hey yo bucko cut with
something crawled in in the building
Versace
Madusa Hitomi like I've no Menotti
bathroom and you always walk around like
naked in it so I'm like you can feel
like a king
in the bathroom in the Versace robe okay
next to get seriously hopefully gets
better than this
Jesus Christ God let's just say it
rhymes with Schwan's array it's you want
me give you your gift if you want I've
got the gift right here it's a cartier
love bracelet $6,000 flowers the first
thing you say I know normally when did
you get those oh I got you those thank
you yeah yeah that's it okay let's go
dinner
Oh God break these by the way no I
really want to chuck them at a wall can
I break your watch yeah if you want okay
here's your second part of your gift
what is this I'm scared I'm gonna get
all the brownie points stop stop no cry
thanks for being awesome I have to thank
you so much I'm look guys oh oh it's so
pretty it's on because you make me happy
every day oh well that's gonna make me
happy material items it's not any
Cartier bracelet by the way this is my
first card EA anything it is a cartier
love bracelet which means love Wow
yeah that's a big step yeah and also I
got you one more thing just just stay
here stay your name it's gotta be like
an Oriole or something
in fact it is exactly that I got you
double stuffed Oreo oh thank you and I
got you the head to toe baby wash I also
got you some crayons no way yeah that's
lame yeah and I also got you this game
because I'm trying to gain your trust
honestly I'm sure you bought that key
please crying please for the views it's
like what that might is just for them me
for being honest like 25 percent guys
thank you so much for watching give me
your watch how does design rich in the
game Wow
we have to be a dysfunctional
relationship otherwise it won't work I
can't get too giddy broke but screw guys
during the everyday bro movement make
sure you smile make sure you're chasing
your dreams go to influence calm right
now and become a lawyer today it's like
the same thing I'll see you guys
tomorrow because every day real bees
join the everyday pro movement a pop and
count yourself some of the hottest birds
in the game go right now because the
chick collars sell everything out and
smash that subscribe button and join the
most lit YouTube channel on YouTube I'll
see y'all tomorrow
