good morning my dad is over here right
now it is my dad's birthday
I am flippy now and getting super super
super nervous I am about to buy him a
harley-davidson there's a lot going on
today Justin is inside still with his
babe get around my mom is about to be
here freaking out I need a driver on
Lamborghini
Wow good morning Bob there's a lot going
down so put your vlog belts on people
because I'm my brother said that he was
gonna buy my dad Harley if his video got
10 million years long a long a long time
ago never did and so now it's my dad's
birthday
you still doesn't have a Harley I need
to hook my boy up Logan you let him down
like how dare you so now my dad's
favorite son which is me has to step in
and make things right so guys get ready
for this amazing journey Jake Pollard's
good morning
what is Gucci Brad my dad has no idea
that this is about to go down today and
dad if you're watching this I love you
pops but let me get you guys caught up
to speed a little bit as well because
the birthday celebration started last
night Logan Paul was there Greg Paul was
there and it
oh my gosh and so then we woke up this
morning and I had to wake my dad up by
staking him a little song
happy birthday
birthday dear great boy
and then we had to get swollen no days
off I don't care if it's my dad's
birthday we got a crying son and she a
hipster I got peace of mind gave her the
tip on me cuz feared I'm in like a
rewind she did some coke thing got a
text she told me read between the lines
yes oh mercy my rhymes like always
so now y'all are caught up to speed and
if you're new here I'm Jake Paul this is
the team ten house and it's lit every
single day bro come on oh there's a
couple of things going down right now
I'm not gonna believe either of them so
Nathan's shower guys is completely
broken the water is literally going
through the pipes and down into the
movie look at the water coming through
and also Nathan this is partially your
fault too because it's coming from your
room so once again you're fired
take polish today is off to a great
start and you're not gonna believe the
other thing that's happening right now
oh my god good morning guys it's good as
are we're out there you guys have some
lovebirds huh fly morning ray I ship it
hashtag it Rustin am i right I'm the
real zone like the boys live like he's
dating the senior but anyways guys I'm
gonna talk to Justin right now like I
feel like he should ask her out
like like actually to be a girlfriend oh
he's right there
what's going on with you do my it's
going pretty good though he is dating
like Ashley what happened last night
stuff stuff
boy what's your next move now bro I
think I want to ask her to be my
girlfriend you want to ask her to be
your girlfriend yeah I ship it so I'm
really nervous for you
my dad David so there's a lot going on
in my life right now I'm gonna help you
ask her to be your girlfriend now roll
over
why bad dog yeah I have an idea I know a
guy
no a guy no no no I wasn't done I know a
guy who knows a guy who knows a boy who
knows a mom who knows a son and he has
one of those airplane thingies where
they like put a banner on it
no wedge I'll call him no I'll get him
to fly his airplane
oh but somewhere around the teen den
house that says right will you be my
girlfriend or something like that and
then you just like walk out there
anybody Oh what does that say and then
it's like romantic I'm proud of you
it went that well last night yeah you
said them stuffed happens these stuffs
you talked about inner poem I stopped
who are you guys
how did it go less I need to go good
yeah it's great you sound enthused no it
was amazing yeah look what do you do
what you're gonna never mind never mind
it doesn't matter are you watching
Justin's videos or what are you doing
okay like and subscribe
bout to buy my dad the motorcycle of his
dreams and he doesn't even know just
look at him standing there just hanging
out with my two ohio best friends life's
great kids life's great
alright I'm making the call um so kind
of crazy but I need like a last minute
favor like ASAP you know those are those
planes you you have where we put the
banner on the back is there any way that
you could get that to me with like a
custom banner on it in like 30 minutes
can you put will you be my girlfriend or
something like that
you got it alright bro thank you so much
I didn't 2004 first day mate no I'm
taking your breakfast I'm helping Justin
he's gonna ask her to be his girlfriend
listen yes Justin if it's his birthday
sorry dad 90 minutes laid down plan is
about to be here I think what any minute
now get her outside on the porch and
just like stargaze or just cheat out
look at the sky you're officially gonna
have a girlfriend before Anthony you
know you're like a junior now no
sophomore come on ya can't rush the gun
bro but after you pull this off you
definitely talk we'll talk God you know
I think the plane is about to come guys
it's kind of awkward like I wonder what
he's telling her to do just look at this
guy tell her to look at this guy
that pointed
hug hug don't look at me all right
oh my god flip it plate no no apologies
feelers you said yes yeah Justin Justin
came to me I was like yo film this while
I came up with this idea for the banner
wrong you guys are cute together
hashtag Rustin okay squad so now it is
time to feed my dad I'm gonna take a
breakfast but we've been trying to do
this for a couple days now it's gonna be
his first time driving the Lamborghini
it's your big day
the rest of the squad and our mom was
gonna be a family thing about what and
then we're gonna go on a birthday
adventure somewhere I don't know wait
move this up flip it up yeah
then put on braking it's your big day
dad the first person ever to be driving
this really I am the first word yeah
it's on my birthday no I'm really okay
okay okay
and guess who flippin made it the family
is here guys mom I missed you so much
hi cake ballers look at she's wearing my
bracelet that I got her and not Logan's
and it's your big day that's right so
we're done eating breakfast my dad still
has no idea Logan you let him down and
now it is time as he's walking over here
my mom has never been to this house
before - which is cool she's gonna react
she's with Jay Paul 12 seconds later
okay so they went inside and now I can
talk to you that I can't blow the
surprise I'm starting to get nervous but
I convince him that we're going to a
Venice to hang out in Venice for the day
through some birthday bad stuff I don't
know what he thinks for going to Venice
really we're gonna pull up to the Harley
Davidson dealership I think he's just
gonna like instantly know like what's
going down and guys I want to take this
moment because I really appreciate your
family members especially your parents
they give everything for you they work
hard on a day-to-day basis they want you
to be the best version of yourselves and
they put so many hours of their whole
entire life into you so kids appreciate
your parents and without my dad and mom
I wouldn't be able to achieve these
these goals and things that I'm
achieving now it's crazy because like a
little bit more than a year ago my dad
had a heart attack and they said that
five percent of people survived those
heart attacks and he was one of the 5%
and so you never know like you just have
to cherish every moment there's no time
to waste like in life and you have to
enjoy every single moment that you have
with your friends and family show
appreciation to them and so I'm gonna do
that by flippin kidding him enough with
the stop stories let's hit okay squad we
are pulling up to Venice with the family
yeah what please now we're talking
parking spots right there yeah probably
do you have to pay though oh look at the
Harley Deere was that where we're gone a
Harley dealer no nice here that's good
oh you're not in Venice Greg yeah we're
not in Venice yeah we set you up for
nothing no wow this is crazy
you didn't see saw the signs it said
Santa Monica I wasn't paying attention I
just drive I just go along saw the ocean
though we tricked them their score a
long baby
I saw which did it Logan
I wish it'll be funnier if it was a
prank now I'm saying you know I didn't
think I'd ever say this but go shopping
no way
whatever what do you want are you for
real I'm serious no way I'm serious bro
don't cry makes me cry why are you
crying and you're vlogging you got a sit
on them test them out he was like we're
going to Venice what are we doing there
I was just like vlogging it's crazy
because my dad had a Harley but like we
went through a rough time and he had to
sell it and he was like always wanted
one since good I see the shot now
Lamborghini motorcycle going down the
road oh dude I am freaking out right now
I am just oh you could fit a nice chick
on the bed maybe just like Oh rekindle
the flame this is I think the one I like
the best obviously it's up to you all
black Oh sexy yeah whatever you want you
can put you can put Greg collars on it
you're gonna customize what you think
you don't think billing could do it I
mean look at his hair okay so he is like
compromising everything he's like
getting whatever he wants I like he's
like gonna switch this off like that
like I really know what's going on but
this is the bike that he's choosing I
think I like it it kind of resembles the
Lambo huh I mean no look at this stuff
it is lit dude so are you starting to
think about what you want for your
birthday
guys it's going good right oh my god
dude I am freaking out it's our big day
we're sinking Maia I'm not even kidding
this helmet
they're like sexy I want to be sexy I
feel sexy
oh it's actually stuck I'm good all
right guys it is official he's got some
stuff there and when you buy a bike you
have to ring the bell apparently did you
no no it's yours you're ready to go we
ride this is such a cool moment for me i
is killing it
she pees in the house wow what an
amazing day when we're filling out the
paperwork to buy the Harley my dad
looked over to me and started just
crying tears of joy life isn't about
fancy things life isn't about being
successful life is about being able to
put a smile on someone's face so I
challenge you guys to go and appreciate
someone today what's up bro yeah yeah
well looks like I'm the favorite son
again Logan you're a great son it's not
about money and monetary value it's
about quality time okay we'll go to
dinner
Jake Pollard's that is it for today's
vlog if you haven't already joined the
strongest team on YouTube smash that
subscribe button and copy yourself some
of the hottest march in okay join the J
Paula family rep the brand hard it's
everyday Pro the movement get better
every day smile every day work hard
every day dad I love you bringing all of
you man happy birthday oh my gosh the
absolute nicest thing anybody's ever
done for me ever biggest surprise
however and then the upgrades that we're
doing yeah whoa whoa we're pimping it
out too
we're gonna keep you guys updated on the
Harley guys and I will see y'all
tomorrow because it's every day peace
Jake Pollard's it isn't all new season
of merge guys this stuff is super fans
Waco backslash Jay Paul get it while you
can
yeah make sure you're subscribe to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
