I think there's actually cruel chemistry
like it all seriousness like God
Moonbeam Jade ballers we have a dilemma
right now this morning I'm trying to
start my vlog right so I was trying to
get in touch with uncle Nathan lives
down this hallway because you saw one
that films my vlogs but as you guys know
I've been firing him lately as a joke
but this time it's real I'm hiring his
brother Kade I'm back they still
sleeping
you fired more back
this is not actually fired but in the
morning sometimes I just get lip it does
feel good to have you back behind the
camera Kade I never really left come on
if you guys are new here I'm Jake Paul
you guys the Jake polish this is the
team tenth house and it's lit every
single day bro and speaking of the team
ten house won't wear specific years most
specifically this room right here the
gym huge problem because I'm trying to
get swole yeah there's some good
equipment in here but we're from Ohio
I need tires I need ropes I need 350
pounds I can benchpress basically I need
the best gym in America I need a
treadmill that runs 25 miles per hour
I'm a cheetah I need the best gym
equipment that there is Jake callers
what are you saying
however guys I can't do this alone my
dad is from Ohio chance and Anthony are
from Ohio we all get swollen hade is
from michigan who also gets swollen how
aggressive I was feeling this I had to
do the swole thing so we are going to go
on a mission to pimp out this whole
entire gym there's a lot going on today
Justin has a date with a girl like I'm
so excited for this moment like he is
going up in life here's a star the fact
that it has a date is a big deal we have
to see what she looks like though no we
have to not only that but we have to
help we're gonna be there for his first
day we got your back Justin so put your
vlog belts on guys you're locked in get
ready for the roller coaster ride that's
about to go down and speaking of chance
and Anthony they're still asleep we have
to go to get gym equipment right now so
that we can get swole also I hired
Nathan back again glad you're back thank
you thank you you gotta stop firing me
you gotta stop getting fired well
Anthony I'm telling you money we gotta
get those Ohio gay son nice being super
hypocritical before we get our gym
equipment amen we gotta eat a bagel the
reason why a workout is so I can eat my
flippin Benegal's hit him one time with
the bagel that's really hard it's your
birthday tomorrow what is my birthday
it's your big day almost is coming look
at me I'm Greg Claus my dad's a real
question is who are you spending your
birthday with your favorite son like you
said yesterday now went with the better
son good job dad or your other son named
Logan
that's even his real name I think you
forgot I'm gonna spend some time with my
grandson
Bryan is taking me out he's taking me
out to buy a car so he Google for 30
minutes couldn't find a single a single
a single not one not one weight store
where they have like fitness stuff and
benchpress now you don't want to say we
don't want us to win how in all of this
Los Angeles do they not have gains I'm
trying to get them gain Sun a dumbbell
bro you got a dumbbell oh okay we're
good
anyways then we find ourselves shopping
I literally bought my dad a whole entire
outfit because tonight I think we are
going to go out on the town birthday
alright what I'm good as we are shopping
around I see this beautiful blue beauty
right here look at this it's so soft
it's so tough I'm gonna die Montclair
which 21 savage restaurant that's my boy
that me up not only does this match my
lambo it does match your Lambo it's just
like a little jetting it look guys I
just like don't understand California I
mean jackets great I mean yeah fashion
house tech fashion but we still we need
to lay up we need to hit the gym and we
need to burn off these bagels but like
how are we gonna do that by the jacket I
just wanna let George stop being mean
I'm not mean you're fired
so easier Jon's taking over they'll come
back they clearly don't have gems in Los
Angeles what do I get doing buddy what
well dad happy birthday we have this
jacket and you're ballin out birthday
first car was 10 bucks dollars were the
clothes we made it we made we're from
Ohio but we'll still swipe 2000 and LA I
mean 3,000 it was 3,000 speaking of
games we need some games we have a
solution
ah you gotta make do
I'll partner you down finally find a
store with some workout equipment in all
of California and this is what they got
we get this off the showroom floor and
look at this guy's our max weight is a
and speaking of 15 justin roberts age 15
it is almost time guys for him to go on
this date I'm so excited for him to be
this man is the data snake we have to
help him bro it's his first day ever
he's got this my boys got this the team
you've seen the office it's empty if we
still we still need to put more stuff in
here anyways I'm here with Tyler Matt
and they came to me like two weeks ago
they told me about when they went on a
trip to India and guys before we get
started like this is this is super
important to me and we really need your
guys's help this could be a huge thing
for us I need your guy's help basically
they went to India to be educated on the
poverty over there and to see if there
was any way for you guys to basically
help to get rid of the poverty or raise
awareness about what is going on in
India and New Delhi specifically so we
went there for 10 days and seeing
poverty in person is so much different
than seeing it in documentaries
or in movies Tyler and I were completely
blown away I'm nursing anything like it
here in LA there's homeless adults India
there's so much children we wanted to
help right then in there and there is a
way to help there wasn't much we could
do as far as like giving food and water
and things like that because obviously
food and water is like that's something
that helps for a short amount of time
the main reason wherever there is to
help become educated on why education is
so important to take people out of their
poverty situation to help them learn how
to fend for themselves on a day-to-day
basis so when they told me about this
and how bad the conditions are there
there's kids literally sleeping on the
streets and not being able to shower and
they'd have to fight for water and food
on a day to day basis I was blown away
but then they told me that there's a way
to fix this problem and you meant like
no me I love to fix problems that I love
to help in any way possible the way to
fix the the poverty situation is to
educate the kids and a ton of different
areas so that they are able to grow up
and get jobs and then actually get well
well-paying job so that they can pay for
for these simple necessities that we
take for granted and as you guys know I
felt like when I was growing up I felt
like that my education system my high
school cheered me and it wasn't fair and
my teachers were my biggest enemies and
they never wanted me to succeed and when
I found out that these kids couldn't
even go to school I felt super
ungrateful I was like well I took going
to high school for granted these kids
don't even get to experience that and
for them it's gonna be stupid insanely
life-changing then getting educated
means they can get a better job just to
be able to have these have a shower
everyday something that they would
normally only get to do once a month and
so they came up with this idea for us to
come together and build a school in
India what in a way that's like a dream
of mine like to build a school and be
able to like have it be so cool and such
an amazing experience for kids and
probably the principle yeah
that's amazing no but seriously guys
like I'm stoked this is why we need your
help because to build a school in India
it costs $50,000 and we've raised 10,000
the reason why this is so cool is
because we right now have the
opportunity to change a ton of people's
lives and since it's literally our
school we have the name it whatever you
want like I'm thinking like team 10
school or seven and we're gonna do
something where if anybody donates money
to reach this $50,000 goal we're gonna
like put your name engraved like
somewhere into the school have your own
school as well but to put it into
perspective if you donate $30 for
example you can put a student through
school for two months I'm not saying you
have to donate at all but any little
thing counts and they desperately need
us and guys I know how Charlotte Jake
Pollard's are I know we can reach that
$50,000 goal and literally like have an
amazing school and change change these
kids lives I mean you guys saw the
videos when they were there they need
our help
seriously and the Indian kids want to
meet Jake oh really
yeah you don't need their Jake Barnes
typically honest no and guys what's so
cool about this is like I think we can
go even bigger what if we raise $100,000
it's just two schools like we can do
this and you have the opportunity to to
be a part of this amazing thing that I'm
super passionate about and that can
really make a difference in the world
which is what the Jake Pulsar may be
changing the world dad come here I'm
gonna build a school
all right guys so all you have to do to
donate this would mean the world to me
any any little thing counts go to effect
org backslash fish fam go right now guys
the link is also in the description but
I'll go right now guys please I love you
we love you too I love you
i'm jake ballers let's do a flippin date
justin needs our help right now now it
is lipping time people justin who is
your big day I don't say that a lot it
is not normally people's big day got my
Lamborghini that's my bug that you're
going on your first that you never been
on a date right no you're going on your
first date that me up mami Coolidge 15
you're on the world I'm a little bit
nervous nervous - I'm also nervous but
that is why 1 2 & 3 are here the first
date mates all right I wish someone who
was there for me on my first date like I
had no idea what I was doing but we got
you fam but if you guys aren't caught up
to speed
I had a competition where I challenged
fans to write in poems to Justin to go
on a date with him the winner was gonna
get flown out to Los Angeles to go on a
date he picked the winner tell us about
her like III just flew her out here but
you picked her what's her name her
name's ray right right right
hi no you don't want that to be your
first sign this is what she wrote
freshmen are dead I want to kiss you I'm
a senior and you should be too it's
already a good sign already although
usually like with my exes that she's
from South Carolina Justin's that yeah
oh yeah and she's in the rod man who
robbed my mouse fanbase thankfully
Justin Roberts has I robbed mob what the
first date mates are here to help you
man way to help you might whatever you
set up so far yeah what so you've got it
prepared for this yeah until she's here
like an hour okay so what have you done
you got an hour yeah you gonna you're
ready for this right no what do you have
you have an outfit picked out but it's
nowhere you're gonna say you got a no
we're gonna take it oh we got a lot of
work to do we got a lot of women state
major state I don't know first date
mates up to read we're gonna do this
come on we didn't even break we didn't
run we don't know where we got you know
we probably don't got it oh yeah we know
there's a lot of work bro you need an
outfit okay you need flowers not upset
you need a place to take her otherwise
known as the team Jen restaurant oh it's
very good it's very good five stars this
time those are your essentials yeah you
need to look good you need a place to
eat flowers and you need flowers yeah
flowers we gotta share does he need a
haircut
it's a haircut and can can he learn how
to kiss look at aggressive how does it
look like a camera Nathan cause the hair
you're gonna tell her that that is your
Lamborghini if all else is going you
walk her into this garage and you say
you know what the state has been hell
but that's my labor works every time
okay we got so much to do in so little
time first day maybe three two one go
this way come on Joe
we did it hey Justin first-rate mates or
what they made this boy I'm gonna be in
your ear the whole entire time testing
testing testing everything's ready right
no oh my god oh my gosh
we need a waiter fine fine fine you guys
don't have to yell I'll do it relax back
in the saddle again bro you lost some
weight there buddy yeah it's a little
big since I was waiting in a tease what
are those lost the shoes to chill out
I'm not getting paid for this how long
till she's here it's got to be close how
long what Justin one time can you read a
watch is this today's society use my
clock could I make it easier no that's
our me time it's in military it's a
military time we're training to become
Navy SEALs before this okay don't faint
you're fine you're fine don't be good
relaxing
don't be no reason
Justin are you good I'm good
first day mates on three one two three
we're pulling down the driver crap God
is your big moment you got me in your
ear I could talk to him in his ear I
could talk to laser I hope it's a dude
down the door open the door and give her
the rose you look beautiful
now that you've set up a whole day the
whole day yeah Oh ray I just want to I
just want to introduce myself nice -
yeah nice to meet you in person you know
you're like one of my closest friends on
a date we're gonna be there but we're
not there couple goals I ship it I just
rip it - yeah Rustin J Rustin you know
too early too early too soon yo
Justin's a sad he's a troll I think
sophomore already
and welcome to the team at ten resturant
it's great to have you guys today and to
play for you in this and I played for
you sir we have a lot planned for you
this evening great food great evening
great view at the beautiful team ten
restaurant last one is four stars this
is five is there anything I could start
you guys out with yeah water would be
good water okay for you as well miss yes
okay great that when you step out of the
car she you lost your breath when you
stepped out of the car I lost my breath
these glasses the poem that you made me
what's amazing the poem you made me was
amazing
maybe hold off on the water for just
leave don't worry oh yeah yeah in the
poem
I like the kissing part me do so what do
you do in South Carolina so what are you
doing South Carolina just my boys like
sophomore this girl is so beautiful
really are we doing the waters they
still look full that's good don't drink
it um what would you like to start off
with some salad or anything anything to
begin our meal we have a Caesar salad
then our chef specialty a Caesar salad
let her order first it's polite what
would you guys like ladies first ladies
first
about six months ago probably hopefully
just say yeah it will impress her say
yeah I'm gonna join yeah yeah I'm gonna
join
and she's in the rap so yeah are you in
the Rob mob totally tell her that she
seems a little bit nervous and and I
feel nervous
yeah you seem a little bit nervous you
shouldn't be nervous at all I'll be
stopping right there here are the salads
you got the number two love each other
yeah that's a number two chef special
great enjoy those kids Justin we got
your back buddy
I know if I started it not today I don't
think they'd say you're a ten star
you're a 10 star you're 11 sir you're a
12 star 1315 27 28 yes maybe after the
vlog is over I'll thank you for a ride
in my Lamborghini yeah after the vlogs
done I'll take you in a ride in my
Lamborghini my blog my Lamborghini I'm
pretty sure to know my Milan read my
Lamborghini can you even Drive
no here is this some bread as well you
guys haven't made much progress on the
salad yeah it's pretty bad it's gonna be
free right yeah Justin's for free on
Justin yeah absolutely tell you live by
yourself and that your parents are never
home I actually I live by myself my
parents are never over oh yeah
show me some time you're excited because
this is your first day and you wouldn't
want to spend it with anyone else yeah
this is my first date and I wouldn't
want to spend it with anyone else really
nervous it's like this like high school
kind of like
thing I think it's good because they
don't like each other it's working it's
like be using into the dating scene you
know maybe get a room who's saying that
is very loud this is a popular evening
which is like only gear no there's a ton
of people here that's what all the noise
you think would you like to me to get
these out of your way great yeah that's
all the second you said you love it
great
no yours are pretty exactly this is why
we are ready with our last meal we have
a pasta marinara its marinara damn it
this one I don't think we even ordered
so oh yeah Alfredo these are not plastic
dishes these are just the new trend
there's like Justin's your piece
brand-new again don't touch the water
anything else I can get for you guys
yeah anything for lady okay you need to
ask her on a second date yeah we should
gonna get on another date tomorrow
really yeah I love to you guys are gonna
have to subscribe to see that one
shameless plug matey maybe we go to the
movies and play but I'll take you to the
movies maybe in play whoa is that a lamb
is that a lamb sorry about that guys our
meat is very fresh here that might be
what you guys yeah we do serve lamb but
you guys got the pasta yesterday he
truly loves Justin and it will not be
distracted by other guys going buddy oh
God we're sending in a distraction don't
put a shirt on
she's probably committed to Justin guys
what uh deal welcome to the team
Stenhouse yeah we I was just I was just
chillin up there a little bit I feel
like there's a little bit of tension
between you two but I like it but it's
like you guys are clicking oh do you
still have that uh yourself it's right
on your ear yeah we went we went hiking
outdoors and like some bug hit them in
the ear it's crazy but crazy sorry I'll
let you guys go guys go you guys you
late girls guys and girls do it would
you move to Los Angeles no okay let's go
for a night out on the town
yeah enough with this date this food is
terrible let's go for a night on the
town
tell her that they you'll see her
tomorrow - texture texture get her
number - everything you're sure you
don't keep her I think there's actually
like real chemistry like it all
seriousness like you guys go you guys
got your yeah you guys are done here
like I know we were doing the whole vlog
thing but you guys can actually go hang
out it wasn't even like it was like a
vlog but yeah yeah but like like he
might be a junior bro he's humiliated
he's great at least a grade if not -
that's my boy Justin we love you I think
they went somewhere noble cause yeah I
think there's a ton of chemistry there
and there's a little bit nervous but I'm
so proud of Justin and Jake Pollard's if
you haven't already joined the strongest
team on you to smash that subscribe
button
yeah yeah cop yourself some of the
husband's in the flipping game bro
and I will see y'all tomorrow because
it's everyday bro holders it is an
all-new season
Oh merge guys this fans guanaco
backslash kpop get it
well yeah okay yeah make sure you're
subscribed to keep up with my life on
the daily basis and if you want to see
more content check out yesterday's vlog
because it is super lit plus I have a
second channel Jake Paul to which you
guys can subscribe to right now and if
you want to see more content from
everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow oops
