Jake what happened well good morning
Jake Pollard's today is already off to a
great clip and start I actually almost
died hello I'm longing to hear Apollo I
actually almost died this morning
no clickbait not clickbait real another
day now learn at the team ten house
hashtag James five dogs love me that's
your daddy
anywho good morning Jake Paula if you're
new here I'm Jake Paul this is a team
ten house and it's lit every single day
Oh Christian
Apolo yeah also these baths are now
available on five dollars or something
nine dollars maybe I don't know salmon
there's so much going on I need to drive
the Lambo no you haven't driven the land
without catch me oh man see Jericho
that's how you're supposed to eat are
you doing but guys it's kind of weird
but guys I actually like don't know
what's going down you shouldn't just
called me I was like yo you want to go
racing on a race track and I was just
like yeah I bought the second fastest
car in the world of course I want to
erase you know no God new house new
rules in house to do rules okay sorry
fans actually called and asked me to go
racing
he said that T really wasn't much of a
driver so he wants me to go anyways you
sexual anyways people put your mob put
your vlog belts on because it's put your
vlog belt sit stay run attack go
backwards log good dog butcha vlog belts
on because it is about to go down we are
on this roller coaster of witness like I
said this morning guys I three coyotes
came onto the property I literally like
jumped this gate Apollo was there
I like Baywatch zero ran and like had to
fend off three coyotes I was like
kicking punching I was throwing
pop-tarts at them and everything that
wasn't even a brand Neal and so after I
had to get checked out by a doctor
because one of them bit me in the butt I
can't really show because it's like
right on the butt crack I mean I can
show if you want Nathan no filmless or
your fire
so the EMS came to our house guys roll
the clip
you meses who they're checking them out
I think we're gonna be fine I had to
kill three people this morning I'm going
to Mars 20 followers yes for fifty nine
thousand Jesus Christ
I was joking I didn't fight off three
coyotes you want to know why because
Apollo would have killed them because my
boys up savage new-car who this crap not
cracked wrong did crack it was already
cracked before that this is bad this is
really bad Nathan yeah okay wait hold on
I'm gonna erase their memory three two
one
did you see anything I didn't you didn't
see anything no no no yo bro is this
actually like this is actually going
down you're frozen no no no it's uh no I
have a Jake ball phone case it wouldn't
crack okay I gotta go
yo Chad was sitting here while we were
telling the coyote story and he was
looking at me like no you couldn't see
him on the camera but like you actually
believed it Julie get cut on your butt
crack can I see it
and you know like I said guys we're
upgrading the flipping houses stuff's
going on repairs furnitures people
things going down and my boy here get in
the hot tub yeah is it gonna be hot
apparently the hot tubs not gonna be hot
I like my tubs like I like my women
alright guys but we have to go
gonna be here any second we gotta go
fast I need to shower I need to change
moments later
okay guys I'm actually ready to go got
dressed and to reiterate as if you don't
realize what is about to happen
Oh Maisie we're going to a racetrack
Hades going with his super fast and loud
car Christian Dolorosa was going with
his super fast and loud car and I'm
going to my Lamborghini and I need to
hit 200 miles per hour
low J people I want to go fast mom and
guys my car is capable of going roughly
205 miles per hour we are going to try
and flip and max it so excited but we
have a dilemma it's called a hashtag
soft dilemma see my father it's like
that one bite this is what I'm talking
about we have a hashtag soft dilemma my
dad has saw brother Logan Paul text my
dad and goes hey I'm doing a
pumpkin-carving video you want to come
hang out and be in it and my dad's like
oh hey Jake what are we doing today
blowing carving pumpkins and what I
wanted to do is jump out of a chopper
parachute he wants to go hang out with
my brother who's carving a pumpkin or we
could drive Lamborghinis and go 200
miles per hour I'm hitting the limiter
on my BMW today 155 and then I'm taking
a limiter off I like that I like that do
you want to hang out with me or go I'm
not doing with you I'm doing with
Christian cuz he called me and then he
said you should probably bring Jake or
he'll be bummed family love what's it
gonna be is the mic yeah no I want that
use the microphone no use the microphone
fired your fire
see you later dude all the people that
were following Nathan follow me okay
hold on I'm getting the audio right yeah
and three two one and we're back hey
guys
yes what is your final decision of
course I'm going with you guys duh
through your pumpkin-carving Paul we're
carving rubber marks into asphalt weight
and/or a cooler dad hello good yes you
did guys we're bringing back the front
it's true but there's literally no space
like you can set one backpack in here
like barely Christian the other day was
right about how this is not a
functionable car it's not realistic it's
not practical there's a lot of other car
options that have back seats in them but
because it's so sex and I just want to
make sweet love to it because I'm
actually Oh
blood is blood Sarge you are just don't
make the cut anymore if you used to have
the fastest 0-60 time but irrelevant now
I know you're the only one that talks in
the garage but I mean look at that car
dude okay we're gonna go have a fun day
20 minutes lay down we've been sitting
here for so long now Christian's like
taking forever
this is his idea I don't be late to your
own party do you know what it means
where are you we've been waiting for 30
minutes bro you ran into what a wall a
dog
what took you so long I was honestly
trying to make up an excuse but don't
have any alright boys well that's a
knockout are you texting no I was
checking my text she was gone are you
texting Logan no I'll show you bro why
you're not down for the mission I'm just
not up for driving for two hours then
you're not up for a mission uncle Nathan
just called you out he's never called
anyone else so Paul no go I don't want
you to go and then regret it later no
regret it's all you flinch there though
for a second I didn't know which way
grab the track Deb now it's time to
speed but guys this is a BMW event which
is why kata is here and Christian is
here they both have BMWs and I pull up
in a Lamborghini someone's like yo who's
this douche bum the biggest boss you
ever seen and I feel like everyone here
hates me but it's gonna be okay right I
was funny because that was me who called
you a douche but I was like cool Lambo
it was good
a few moments later guys you will not
believe what just happened this stuff
actually gets dangerous like fast speeds
hot cars flyers happen right we live in
practical cars that's what it is
god damn it Christian we just witnessed
a car catch on fire
some other people got it on video and
here it is oh my god absolutely insane
like they were having a barbecue up in
there I think Christian is starting his
theory is starting to become more and
more right unfortunately kids I don't
like to be wrong but when i am i drink
the sec ease now practical look guys i
we haven't even like we haven't even
gotten out on the track yet i'm still
trying to hit 200 what is next people
you'll have to keep on watching right
here on jake paul vlogs it is officially
time enough with the nonsense i got my
helmet on she pees in the house baby
that's right it's my big day and
hopefully we don't catch on fire right
Cristen I feel like an egg
I have to slow down
I may get back
good any friends uh that was not the
actual audio that was me guys huh here's
the actual video
it's a whole lot of sickness I'm an Ag
official ruling that was fastest alright
guys this is the run and I am going to
attempt to hit 200 right now guys
there's like this straightaway with this
big wall right here
I'm not about them have it so I need to
hit 200 I need to hit you under here we
go guys were so close
ah James Harden at the garden when I'm
going up you see the gutter around my
neck I'm just showing nice you're
looking at the best baby I ain't gonna
stop your photo
in all of my life I've been focused on
my craft making fans a night I focus on
your compliments of Prezi advice I'm
focused on the message when I sit down
to write a squad we killed the track day
you finally made the right decision and
went with the better sign good job dad
that's right yeah
so I am the better some guys actually
all jokes aside I just remember that
y'all only have 24 hours left to get to
lamp PO March I'm flying out three of
you to Los Angeles and Engraving three
of your guys's names in the flipping car
but you only have 24 hours left
do you know why you can you don't want
to miss out on this one
I just got a text it's not gonna be in
there for 24 hours the merch is gonna
run out probably 21 because it's so hot
oh my god I just ran out of gas on the
track that you forget to run out of gas
no well I'm out so I went with Kade and
they put his cautions on in Kate and I
are like what I think she just ran out
of gas yeah makini Jake what happened um
well that doesn't sound good
I'm not a guest I'm gonna get out of the
car okay yeah got a gas for sure
I wish you as a prank but yo check out
the lighting on the car right now that
looks dope always stay positive and
negative situations put on the stunner
shades in Deb although we are screwed
and my dad's a vlogger what is my life I
feel like I've done this before it's
just kind of proving the point that I've
been making : who's got me forgot my
wallet
screw you Bo screw you well also guys
this guy stopped on the side of the road
he's like wanting to take a picture of
my car I don't blame behind the steals
one hour later he's back hi Kaka you
saved my life
yep there you go she likes it alright
guys after a long day finally back at
the t-ten house remember y'all only got
24 hours left to get this sweatshirt
need to join this contest twenty people
do and if you haven't already make sure
you join the strongest team on YouTube
the Jake ballers are out here smash that
subscribe button
take your vlogger belts off because that
is it for today I will see y'all
tomorrow
make sure your subscribe to keep up with
my life on the daily basis and if you
want to see more content check out
yesterday's vlog because it is super lit
plus I have a second channel Jake Paul
to which you guys can subscribe to right
now and if you want to see more content
from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
Chuck see you guys tomorrow
