I just like wanted to call everyone here
sorry yo yo good morning Jake ballers I
stole Jake's camera because you have to
see this yo check this out since I'm in
the garage and I couldn't find Jake this
morning he wasn't in his room I thought
this was gonna happen
I had to sleep x2 my BAE heal her dating
we smashed but anyways good morning put
your vlog belts on because it's about to
go down I'm gonna get ready for the day
but there's a lot going on good morning
Jake Palmer's we're already killing the
game people I hope y'all are having a
good morning and if you're new here I'm
Jake Paul this is the team 10 house and
it's what but guys let me get you all
caught up to speed this morning really
quick what it do you already know today
is gonna be a good day because I got the
red snapback on I got my great outfit
I'd call that a hashtag outfit bro my
graphic you hear me boy he loves me last
night was a Melissa's 22nd birthday guys
and so we had to surprise her with a
little bit of a fiesta with mariachi
band for Melissa
it's a bolero Badu Bona
what do you think then but already we
got everything decorated as well
that's a couple goals
I am back happy birthday Melissa I don't
know much about Ellen 22 but then fast
forward a couple of hours guys I had to
flip in the whip okay they call me Jake
Paul jr. for a reason because my whip
game is so damn good
so last night we went mobbin with the
boys guys and you're not gonna believe
what happened this is insane
currently unnamed blue man the first
meal ever look at this material my boys
Ian's boys in I got you baby
drink up I'm gonna give you some food in
the morning I have a new girlfriend
and Tony's still single and guys while
we were mopping around at my boy JJ
filmed this video my boys a rapper cuz
all he's spitting is flames you need a
drop of mixtape and now I know what it
feels like to be a dad yes you do
oh all right guys I'm opening the engine
bay yo
Kristen Kristen come on car bitch flames
brought what are you saying but cars but
to drop the hottest mixtape of 27 teen
but now y'all are caught up to speed
good morning Jake Pollard's if you
aren't already a part of the family make
sure you smash that subscribe button
right now and join the team maybe we got
a lot on the agenda Nick Crompton's
brother is here now it is time for
another day in the life of your boy jay
pizzle so we are here right now guys
that rap the forefront at your
thingamajiggy GP James all the way
around from Ohio to help us get the
house furnished with dope furniture
literally my room is still empty I don't
know what I'm doing sorry buddy sorry
let's go get we don't know what we're
doing what are we doing Apple design
whatever you need with you
moments later so I think I found my bed
guys it's a movement look how beautiful
look first of all this is an Aston
Martin bed I don't even know Aston
Martin made bed it's a James Bond bed
Disney made the DC's they made hundreds
of them but they had six too many so
what they did is a game to us who made
it is it company called elite modern
it's for Disney they made it for Disney
yeah I don't want that chair all right
people so we found some pretty awesome
pieces the problem with us though is
that like when we're furniture shopping
we don't want furniture we want fun it
sure sure turns out we are gonna pretty
much have to build and design own
furniture from what they have it's gonna
be fine run it
is still cooking why are you still
cooking I'm cooking baby because I have
to go you're leaving I'm leaving and you
know kids I never leave the team ten
house without putting a little food down
on the table speaking of food your
banana plant user the shade it's there
forever so Annie planted a banana plant
in the middle of my yard so we don't
need no stupid bananas everyone has
these blue things on are we losers I'm a
smurf
I'm ending this trend right now losers
manager can grow how can you do business
looking like that no Apollo attack on a
side note as you guys can clearly tell
we are doing a giant shoot right now for
a little secret project Shh I don't
usually like to keep secrets but uh but
when I do their names are usually
Victoria I was trying to say that I like
date Victoria's Secret models or
something how you doing Nathan well it
is a giant secret you guys are going to
be so excited for when this little movie
thingy thingy m'jiggyyyy yeah I can't
tell you what it is comes out I'll tag
you I'll tag you on Instagram yeah even
dogs want followers this oh there's a
pile of dog yeah hello yeah I gotta go
super busy yeah I'll be right there
works every time I'm not cleaning up
that wait one more thing but anyways
guys we actually have to do some
shooting right now so I'll be Oh Angela
business baby run this call dammit
alright squad so we finished up the
shoot it went flippin well but right now
I am on a mission to take the dopest
Instagram photo that I've ever taken in
my whole entire life and I've taken some
pretty dope Instagram pictures but I
can't do it alone so I need the
Instagram Queen herself three okay I
just need your help I'm trying to take
the dopest Instagram picture I just got
a new Lamborghini over there that's cool
alright so I need to take the dopest
Instagram picture possible that Cardenas
to be a nightlight line up the cars
thank you you gotta go all you got to go
all right three two one get rid of
Amanda and I think it just turned into
you I mean you're not as cool as Amanda
but you're gonna Instagram - yeah this
has gotta be the dopest Instagram
picture ever I need to change my outfit
don't stop moving cars Amanda said put
them over here where's the key damn
three Jesus Jesus okay okay this is
about to be the sexiest Instagram
picture I've ever taken in my whole
entire life
oh is that three two one I won with the
March yeah it matches the Lambo all
right three two one
hey guys don't forget that this merger
is only available for 48 more hours and
I'm picking three of you to fly to Los
Angeles to take all right with me in the
Lamborghini and get your names engraved
a misfire Instagram picture that you've
ever seen I don't know what is family go
smash the like button on it on my
Instagram at chick-fil-a keen some of
you guys's pictures back commenting on
your pictures so go now
smash that like button and speaking of
fire my boy Dylan dynamite I called you
Dylan dynamite and we love dynamite
speaking of fire today actually we
dropped a music video and a song
together
no it's on it's out but here's a little
sneak preview attention attention
attention
y'all it's every day bro yeah yeah boy
Jay Paul from the 2 & 6 can't believe we
bought the ball that's just a sneak
preview if you want to see the rest of
it it's on my voice Channel celebration
more confetti please I'll put the link
in the description but guys right now yo
don't tell us you're the one that knows
this earlier in the day I said I was
gonna prank team 10 epic prank now I
called everyone on the team into a
meeting they're all gathering up right
now talent employees manager keV and I'm
gonna tell them I'm quitting team 10
then it's no longer gonna be today and I
just want to sell merch and focus on a
focus on my Lamborghini
sneak record okay Nathan
first of all I just wanna thank hey
waiting for the squad I don't know how
to like say this but it's been like I
just like wanted to call everyone here
sorry
this boy t10 thing has been such an
incredible journey a year and a half or
so uh you know family and all that fun
stuff but I've talked about of this with
Kevin and the point I am right now it
just like doesn't make sense for me to
be like leading you guys as the leader
your ear to the best that's why I think
we oughta come to you we we want to be
like you
we want to work like we'll check this
why it's so hard well it's not a
business ignoring me what is it you need
you don't have to lead it wrong I think
you could be in it with us yeah what is
this business of wait I don't understand
like it's like family this is why I
didn't do our part this would be but
there's so much going on and I feel like
I'm not able to be there for you guys
and I don't want to just keep on beating
you down this like false path of of
being a team I feel like I feel like
each and every one of you is so big
powerful on their own yeah but I have I
have other things I want to focus on
like my merch sales my pie my
Lamborghini like I just want to drive it
so what are you gonna do to team tanners
a lot of extra to 1810 holiday
you didn't see uncle Nathan filming I
would never leave us this is I was
nearly gonna cry I felt so bad I mean
that I 504 Nathan we did it once again
but your fire but I just fired uncle
Nathan so I have all your guys and don't
forget to go to the link in the
description guys this March is only
gonna be available for 48 more hours
you've got to flip in a hurry I'm
choosing three of you to engrave your
name into this sexy sexy car and I'm
also finding those three of you in Los
Angeles to drive in to flipping I don't
know what to call you
I saw you guys's comments but take your
vlog belts off baby because it is over
join the strongest team on YouTube smash
that subscribe button 2.6 million views
and Counting baby we got a lot going on
I'm gonna drive her more I don't know is
this confetti is that confetti what this
and I will see y'all tomorrow because
it's everyday bra
Jake Pollard's it isn't all new season
of merge guys this stuff is super fans
Waco backslash Jake Paul get it while
you can
yeah make sure you're subscribed to keep
up with my life on the daily basis and
if you want to see more content check
out yesterday's vlog because it is super
lit plus I have a second channel Jake
Paul to which you guys can subscribe to
right now and if you want to see more
content from everyone in the house
our group channel is called team 10
check it
see you guys tomorrow poof
